The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: Tical Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *sounds of fighting* "You've been lucky... I wish I got you last time.  En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style." 	"I'd like to try your Wu-Tang style, let's begin then!" [Intro: Method] + (and others) From the tip top? (Aiyyo aiyyo, what the fuck's up with light dude?) Yup One two (no doubt, no doubt) One two one two Yo one two, uh, one two one two (yeahh, we gon' be up in that) Ah one two, uh, one two one two (yeah light that shit up) Ah one two yo, check me out What's that shit that they be smokin? Tical... tical, tical Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical What's that shit the niggaz smokin? Tical... tical, tical Pass it over here... tical... tical, tical [Verse One] Check it, I got styles, all of 'em sick Niggaz ain't fit to walk a mile in the dead man's kicks I make em shit about a pile, of bricks to show He ain't nuttin but a number, unknown John Doe That wanna flow, here it is, comin up shit's creek I come to throw monkey wrenches in your program, sleep and I'ma grow, like a rash on ya nasty ass In a whip, with no breaks and I'm hittin the gas It's a bird, it's a plane, take a look in the sky Method Man on some shit, niggaz call me The Fly Cause my style, dates back to hoppin turnstyles Make ya fear, if ya cutie in the chair, you can bet I'll get severe on the double I harass it I don't look for trouble, I'm already trouble Ya bastard, check the wicked flows that I crafted Open up a deadly venom style to be mastered By a psychopathic, way beyond an average Joe, with a hellafied flow, there ya have it One two, uh, one two one two One two, uh, one two one two One two, uh, one two one two Check it out [Verse Two] What goes off? What goes on? The Meth shit that we got is to stay high, no question Lethal weapon, ain't no time for half steppin When brothers start wettin everything in ya section Move that, niggaz came strapped, shoulda knew that Do dat, pussy cat rap, boy, I'll screw that To' up, from the flow up, don't even show up To the battle, I heard you rattle now hold up Is there a fuckin snake in my garden? Starvin, for a rap treat, steppin on my feet Pardon yo delf, before ya find yo delf In a FUCKED UP situation, without no help I'm not playin, cause I don't play with nobody God damn kid, know what I'm sayin, I'm peelin niggas wigs I be sprayin, brother with words Cause I gotta spit PRO-PERRRRRRRR [Method Man] One two uh, one two one two One two uh... (stick a fat tical in your butt, yeah baby fuckin with tical) (yeah niggaz better recognize... tical...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: Biscuits Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: What? What you want? Represent represent represent Yeah, represent, check it out check it out Yo mama don't wear no drawers! I saw her when she took them off! Standin on the welfare line, eatin swine Tryin to look fine, with her stank behind You can ask the bitch and she'll tell ya fast Meth-Tical got STYLE with his nasty ass Verse One: Are you ready, to face the consenquences and suffer? I even tell ya momma you ain't shit, motherfucker Bring it, and let that killer bee kid sting it And rep-resent, it's like heads up a brick, when I'm swing it Get lost, I break you off something I'm pumpin, like a Reebok, with a pump, from the jump and You was nothin Bet ya thought ya fuckin clan had ya fuckin back but they was frontin Smokin dirt blunts and fuckin nasty stunts and Ya take the naked gun without the bullet, what ya bustin Get ya ship sunken, fuckin with a drunken Master disaster at enemy rap functions Interlude: Huh, just an echo Yoo-hoo ripin-ripin in the valley Yoo-hoo ripin-ripin so to bring back Sweet memories of you And you can even ask your crew Betcha bottom dollar that they tell ya fast Meth-Tical got STYLE with his nasty ass Verse Two: Who said the Wu-Tang Clan? Was it you or your man? You wanna point the finger, I'll bring ya 36 chambers, be out, youze in danger Let me pull ya brain outcha ass with a hanger Didn't momma not tell ya not to talk to a stranger Now ya got ya neck, in the noose, of the strangler Just recline, keep the Meth in mind I'll even test the knuckle check on the hands of time What? And I'll be more than glad to bust that ass All up and down the block, the street, the isle Whatever, smokin on a Spike Lee joint Hey I'm Mo' Better, I'm hopin niggaz get the point Cause they coul never, stop the veteran, word to God When I'm severin the HEAD of a mental vegetarian The Method, at the weekend, with a whole lot of credit The cuties I desire, I be the first to set it off, flame on like the Human Torch Fantastic Four for all the fans in the store You can eat it all and it'll tell ya fast Meth-Tical got STYLE for ya nasty ass Outro: 94 baby, word up, recognize, recognize Wu-Tang killer bee The RZA and the Method MZA Raider Ruckus, where you at? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: Bring the Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Basically, can't fuck with me Verse One: I came to bring the pain hardcore from the brain Let's go inside my astral plane Find out my mental's based on instrumental records hey, so I can write monumental Methods, I'm not the King But niggaz is decaf I stick em for the CREAM check it, just how deep can shit get Deep as the abyss and brothers is mad fish accept it In your Cross Colour, clothes you've crossed over Then got Totally Krossed Out and Kris Kross Who da boss? Niggaz get tossed to the side And I'm the dark side of the Force Of course it's the Method, Man from the Wu-Tang Clan I be hectic, and comin for the head piece protect it Fuck it, two tears in a bucket, niggaz want the ruckus Bustin at me bruh, now bust it Styles, I gets buckwild Method Man on some shit, pullin niggaz files I'm sick, insane, crazy, Drivin Miss Daisy Out her fuckin mind now I got mine I'm Swayze Chorus: Is it real son, is it really real son Let me know it's real son, if it's really real Something I could feel son, load it up and kill one Want it raw deal son, if it's really real Interlude: Booster And when I was a lil stereo (stereo) I listened to some champion (champion) I always wondered (wondered) Will now I be the numba one? (Tical! hahaha) Now you listen to de gargon (Gargon!) And de gargon summary And any man dat come test me (test me) Me gwanna lick out dem brains (it's like that) Verse Two: Brothers want to hang with the Meth bring the rope the only way you hang is by the neck nigga poke off the set comin to your projects Take it as a threat, better yet it's a promise Comin from a vet on some old Vietnam shit Nigga you can bet your bottom dollar hey I bomb shit And it's gonna get even worse word to God It's the Wu comin through sickin niggaz for they garments Movin on your left, southpaw em it's the Meth Came to represent and carve my name in your chest You can come test realize you're no contest Son I'm the gun that won that old Wild West Quick on the draw with my hands on the four nine three eleven with the rugged rhymes galore Check it cause I think not when this hip-hops like proper Rhymes be the proof while I'm drinkin 90 proof Huh vodka, no OJ, no straw When you give it to me aiy, give it to me raw I've learned when you drink Absolut straight it burns Enough to give my chest hairs a perm I don't need a chemical blow to pull a hoe All I need is Chemical Bank to pay da mo' What, basically that, Meth-Tical, ninety-four style Word up we be hazardous *car crashing* *horn passing me* Northern spicy brown mustard hoes We have to stick you *horn sound of car racing by* Chorus Outro: I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin cut your kneecaps off and make you kneel in some staircase piss I'll fuckin, cut your eyelids off and feed you nuthin but sleepin pills You motherfuckers (So???) So fuck the hoe Fuck the hoe (Look at this nigga, this motherfuckin...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: All That I Need Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: You're all that I need, I'll be there for you If you keep it real with me, I'll keep it real witchu Loving your whole schemes, it be in there boo On top of that you got the good power-U Verse One: Check it out Shorty I'm there for you anytime you need me For real girl, it's me in your world, believe me Nuttin make a man feel better than a woman Queen with a crown that be down for whatever There are few things that's forever, my lady We can make war or make babies Back when I was nuttin You made a brother feel like he was something That's why I'm with you to this day boo no frontin Even when the skies were gray You would rub me on my back and say "Baby it'll be okay" Now that's real to a brother like me baby Never ever give my pussy away and keep it tight aight And I'ma walk these dogs so we can live In a fat ass crib with thousands of kids Word life you don't need a ring to be my wife Just be there for me I'm a make sure we Be livin in the fucking lap of luxury I'm realizing that cha didn't have to fuck with me But cha did now I'm going all out kid And I got mad love to give, you my nigga Chorus 2X Verse Two: I got a love jonz for your body and your skin tone Five minutes alone I'm already on the bone Plus I love the fact you got a mind of your own No need to shop around you got the good shit at home Even if I'm locked up North you in the world Rockin three-fourths of cloth never showin your stuff off, boo It be true me for you that's how it is I can be your Noah you can be my Wiz Then I can be your Sun, you can be my Earth Resurrect the God through birth Best believe Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ RZA, Y-Kim Album: Tical Song: What the Blood Clot!?! Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com [Intro: RZA, (Method Man), {Y-Kim}] Shit is bangin! You see what I'm sayin? Our shit is bangin! (Our shit is stainin, son) Yo, Shaolin runnin this shit, son! Runnin this shit! (Stainin) What's up, Y-Kim? 'Sup, nigga? {What's up, man? What's up?} What's up? Representin Brownsville Know I'm sayin? Base, peace to all my Brownsville niggaz! {The alcoholics son} What's goin on, son? Peace to all my Putnam Avenue motherfuckers! Bedford-stuy! (Yeah, peace to the valley goat..) Peace to my Wild Wild West Brighton niggaz! (Big up The Bridge!) [Method Man] All I hear is gun shots Can I touch somethin? What the Blood Clot!?! Nigga want Tical, make it happen You know my fuckin style, fuck the rappin! We can take it back to eighty-five if you wanna start actin like you live It's all good, I'm rollin' with my click Owls, Backwoods and Phillies Smokin cess blunts, mixed with illy Got me flusted, now the whole world looks dusted I'm in the area with the skill that never rusted (What?) For real, nigga, touch it and you burn When will motherfuckers learn? What be spreadin like a germ? Haha, it's Meth, word I be that early bird that got the worm and if you check it I'm on point, like a fax machine you get the message It's be no question it's them, bust the second guessin's Keep your thoughts on your lessons What the Blood Clot!?! To tell the truth, you don't amaze me Killa Hill Project, a Star Trek phaser couldn't phase me What? Check the Raider Ruckus, fuck this Smoke a Dutchmaster, have 'em screamin for the dutchess Yeah, I gotta have it, so I strive to stack my papes If I don't do it for mydelf, I'ma do it for Case cuz that's my peoples, we givin you injections that be Lethal Weapons, when niggaz start the half steppin Then I get evil but don't let that negative vibe right there mislead you I'm humble, a fuckin Killa Bee, far from bumble I sting you *BZZZT* and I bring you Thirty-six Chambers of head banger, bitch Why I deal with? I think the mic's on the fritz Faggot soundmen, they be sabotagin shit! Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane... Meth-Tical, let the whole world know my fuckin name What the Blood Clot!?! [Outro: Method Man, (RZA)] Yeah, yeah, you know what I'm sayin? (Yeah, what? What!?!) First of all I'd like to give a big peace and shout out to my brothers in the belly of the beast Raider Ruckus, y'all got my back and one love (Y'all niggaz better start stackin) June Lover, Shitty Brown (Y'all niggaz better get real) Pussin, Pil, P.L.O., Stack DAT, Dusty, Storm (All my real ass niggaz get down, to all my niggaz locked down) SUUU! We still in here, nigga (Y'all gotta party, locked down in the street, nigga) Jamel, one love, nigga, Nice, Uncle Eric AKA Shane (You get your ass beat in the streets) I ain't forget you, nigga, Shakim, nuttin Big Sha, K. Fisk, Big Free from Cipher Heat For all the fugitives on the run Everybody from Riker's Island to San Quintan And a big major shout out to my old dad who just got home on work release, keep your heads up niggaz Oh my God (You what I'm sayin? Peace to the Gods) Here we go, here we go, here we go (You see that, nigga, fuckin Dirty Bastard? That nigga is fuckin crazy!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man w/ Raekwon the Chef Album: Tical Song: Meth Vs. Chef Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Duel, worthy of a general If you want to fight, fight with me! One to one! Man to man! Get ready to gel team! Live and direct from the one-six-ooh We got Tical, pow! Raekwon the Chef, Tical! It's about to go on, Tical! You make the call, I make the call! It's all for all Method Man, Raekwon the Chef (count my shells) And there's about to be one left (count my shells, nigga) I know you know it'son kid (Bring that shit I don't give a fuck!) *bell rings* Verse One: Method Man Who lit that shit it was I the chinky-eye Cheeba-hawk from New York, Tical Staten Isle niggaz thought, that they could walk a dog but they caught a bad situation, cause I'm a sandwich short of a picnic, cause you ain't equipped with the sickening style, blowing up the spot like ballistic missiles, I be comin through like the four-nine-three-eleven tearing up the power-u, Me-Tical A bad motherfucking buddah monk, what the fuck hit your chest, like cardiac arrest, blow the front out the frame, hit the pussycat for the pain of the dog shit, nobody move run your garments A rugged vet, terrible like a Champion sweat Wrap a power in a tec, to wet a nigga up, with all the dangerous diseases Sniffling sneezing coughing aching stuffy head fever Fucker, I think it's bout time that you suffer Bobbin on my nob like an all day sucker *bell rings* Bitch! Meth Vs. Chef (it's my turn) Meth Vs. Chef (yo let's bring that shit baby) Meth Vs. Chef (yo, yeah, one more time nigga) Meth Vs. Chef (callin me out, it's goin off) I blow your fuckin ass to death *bell rings* Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef I'm goin all out kid no turnbacks You could try to front, get smoked and that's that Lyric assassin, dressed in black buggin Sixteen shots to your mug, from a slug then I go to war in a conrete jungle, make the punt cause niggaz act funny, and fumble But I relax, count my shells, a lot of heads gotta fly Niggaz stay strapped, armed to die Time for jet-black Tim boot, flowin Wha-Su God get him, hit em with the nine troop No question, cha-cha-BLOW in the session Bloodshot in that direction, cypher *bell rings* 'Tack you like chess moves best move Yo, yeah, yo The boards, your ass 'Tack, 'tack, 'tack, uH! *bell rings* 'Tack the boards like chess moves best move at Rae through, comin at your motherfuckin crew Live direct, yeah you better step Gunshots ring on the set, let's jet Motivate, to the gate With some quick high Rae stay fly, and rob your Isle Airwaves, yo behave Now you're a slave with the boots that paved the way *bell rings three times* Ahh shit! Chef Vs. Meth Vs. Meth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: Sub Crazy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] Aight? Check it out (FUCK DAT!) Word, niggaz smoke too fuckin much man (Check it out y'all, check it check it out) [Intro/Chorus] We can all get by if we want now Get a fat piece of the pie if we want Motherfuckers gettin mad high when they want now I will survive, recognize it be Tical [Verse One] Whattup ock? Niggaz is strapped, ready for war On the ill block, things just ain't peace no more Fuck it - if you ain't with me then forget me Niggaz tried to stick me, retaliation, no hesitation shifty (bitch) Creepin niggaz in the dark, triggers with no heart Rippin ass apart, I be swimmin with the sharks now (yeah) Stay out my water or it's manslaughter Kid, you oughta start reachin for that nickle-plated auto- matic (f'real) my thoughts get sporadic (uh) Loaded raps bustin mad shots to ya attic (woo!) They say this hazard, this flow's a hazard Straight from Hazard County with a bounty on his head, and it said "Wanted Dead or Alive," I swear by the whites of they eyes To never take a dive I will survive [Method Man] Eeep ock, ihp stop, mmm-barrrrrrrrr Here we go Star [Verse Two] Shit's gonna happen if niggaz start actin like they want problems, you want 'em, you got 'em Rap contact, is writin this exact- ly, the way it should, be, attacked Killer Beeeees on a swarm Salaikum asalaam, drops bombs like Qur'an The ism helps to stimulate my pugilism I bust rhymes like jism, impregnate the rhythm with the wisdom Decipher, to see I be hyper I dwindle the style, that rekindle like old flames Ssssssss-saliva, check the wicked flows I delivah Oops, I mean delivers like the Hudson River Styles be trite, trife like a thief in the night I be the sneaky-ass nigga bustin nuts in yo wife Blasted, buggin off Bacardi and acid Flippin on the mic, it's a classic The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Blue Raspberry Album: Tical Song: Release Yo' Delf Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: Blue Raspberry When I first stepped on the scene, niggaz was petrified Jet back to the lab like they were being chased by homicide My rap flow does you like Tical, and it will never steer you wrong And all you bitch-ass niggaz in the industry your careers won't be lasting long Chorus Verse One: Check it, I'm the fuckin man, who they mention Notice, that other niggaz rap styles is bogus Doo-doo, prepare for this verse Tical voodoo Blazin, the stuff that ignites stimulation Inside ya, cuz I be that house over water forgot in the realm that be deep as the Poseidon adventure, niggaz need to touch they freakin picture For the sickness, that be spreadin with the quickness Remedies, cousin I be doin on my enemies Penalty, then I drink forties to they memories Emotion, rushin through your down street vicinity Blunt smoke, in the air reveals my identity (Tical.... tical... ti-cal, ti-cal...) As I keep it movin, we keep it movin uh Keep it movin, and keep it movin uh Keep it movin baby we be movin uh Keep it movin, we keep it huh RHARHHH What's that rhythm what's that sound Party people getting down When it hit the baddest man Just release, yo delf!! Verse Two: My God, somebody said it's on, if it isn't I'll be set To blow a nigga up, with my Five Fingers of Death I bring it to his whole damn fam, understand If he frontin, on any man down with the Clan I be comin, for the headpiece you can't cope For my brother, I bring it to the Pope, word to mother Serial, killa, style from Big Isle No Stat, my peoples are you with me where you at? Shit's gettin deep in here, I mean thick Niggaz lookin all in my face like they want dick It's about to hit the fan, hit the flo' That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no mo' What is it? Niggaz think they bigga Cause they got the finga on the trigga of a pistol They don't know I'm wicked, when I start to kick it With the raw sound, wash it down with a Mystic Then I add a Snapple, nigga want the juice But he don't want the hassle Then we try to overthrow the castle Better yet the tent when I'm comin to your town Black man, the rental, God, the pistol YAH! If you don't want a burn from GLOCK Then beware, I buck shots, we move up, the buck stops Here, no more dough will be made Unless it's being made by hoes What's that rhythm what's that sound Party people getting down When it hit the baddest man Just breathe in, till then And keep it movin, baby keep it movin I plan to keep it movin, you know we keep it movin uh And keep it movin, baby we be movin uh And keep it movin, you know we keep it movin uh And keep it movin, you know we keep it movin Baby we be movin, you know we keep it moo..RARHRAH Chorus Outro: Throw your hands in the sky And wave em from side to side And if you're ready to spark up the Meth-Tical Let me hear you say stim-uli Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Carlton Fisk Album: Tical Song: P.L.O. Style Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: P.L.O. style, Buddha monks with the Owls P.L.O. style, Buddha monks with the Owls P.L.O. style, Buddha monks with the Owls P.L.O. style... Verse One: Method Man Here comes the ruckus, the motherfuckin ruckus Thousands of cut-throats and purse-snatchin fucks Straight from the brain, I'll be givin you the pain, anger Comin from the 36th Chamber, Bang!  Tical, hittin with the Buddha-Fist style Shotgun slammin in your chestpiece, plow! Brain, is blown all over the terrain Like a man without no arms you can't hang Time for a change of the guard You've been arrested for lyric fraud now you hard For real, check it, I pull strings like B.B. King on guitar I'm the true fist of the North Star! Verse Two: Carlton Fisk, Method Man Ooooooooh! What a tangled web we weave When first we practice to decieve Guns be clickin, runnin with my clan we be stickin Whatever, my street family stays together Represent what I invent, killa hill Resident, rest in peace to my nigga Two Cent The street life is the only life I know I live by the code style it's mad P.L.O... Iranian thoughts and cover like an Arabian Grab a nigga on the spot and put a nine to his cranium I..can't...get no satisfaction, niggas won't be lastin Long, unless they get protaction, for real Strong, comin with my clan so what's happenin Commercial rap, hate it with a passion The M-E-T-H-O-D got me drinkin O.E. all night in a M.P.V. Just maxin, lookin for hoes, you know relaxin Bitches know the hour it be time for some action P.L.O., peace to that nigga Barryano Word up, let's take him to the bridge, Verrazano Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: I Get My Thang in Action Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Good.. Wu-Tang martial expert  There's not many, who can match up with him" (He'll give you a heart condition  if you fuck around like that there  Tell you it ain't no good for the bloodstream  You know god damn whatever and uhh  it's dumb and big -- it's DUMB AND BIG) Mira, Meth-Tical comin through with the suu (Lie in cut for y'all) Check it out Niggaz wanna test my steez, nigga please I black that eye like peas, you better freeze in your tracks, a Wu-Tang (bzzz) killer bee's on ya back I comes for the honey plus the phat money sack You want it all? Yeah I want it all like THAT I stab my own moms in the back for a stack Niggaz like, "Damn, why you want it like that?" (Why is that?) Cause I'm a dog, and I got no love for the cat (uhh) Attitude's cold like the North polar cap Where I do my dirt's a little further down the map (Is that so?) A little buckwhylin, Island called Stat' Where niggaz carry gats in they Black Moon hat Now I'm mad known for the bones and the rap And youse an unknown with a faulty contract Wake up and smell the Met-chod motherfucker contact Villain in the cypher from the foe when head crack An Indian giver and I'm out to take it back Shaolin Island, baby where you at? A runaway train that be runnin on ya track That's how it's goin down, yeah, it's goin down like that 	I gets my thang in action 	To live, to love, to see, to learn 	Yo! Tell em what's happenin! (What's happenin?  I'll tell yo' ass what's happenin  Tell em what's happenin  It's goin on out here - brothers ain't got no peers  and they smokin funny - shuddup yo' damn mouth!) [Method Man] I swing funky rap routines and tap the jaws Spot ya twenty points and you still can't score NUTTIN - cause you ain't got no points in this game Kid you FRONTIN - I'm home run hittin, you be buntin Fresh out the toilet, I got my shit together When I'm good, I'm good, when bad, I'm better You want it? Whatever - I'll be the stormy weather rain comin down, so weatherproof your leather JACKET, a nigga with a AXE couldn't HACK IT I spark em like a match (ssskt) Coming back it's the Met-chod, say it loud I'm the Met-chod, Man - clap yo' hands, now check it See me in the mix, rollin fat, bustin flicks While my physical brother came through and got me lift Niggaz, that I walk by, give me the eye The moment is fuckin me up, killin my high Nigga get back, ya pussy cat, I'm fearsome Basically THAT, I'm all of THAT, and then some While I, was out on tour, goin beserk I heard you was at the sandbox and kickin DIRT All on my name but you can't pull my file YOU DON'T KNOW ME, AND YOU DON'T KNOW MY STYLE Comin out dere like dat dere, YEAHHHH Even Grizzly Adams couldn't bear (Ahhheheh, I taught the boy everything he KNOW  Go on you bad motherfuckers  See I told you that kid go back to that Dolemite  Everybody needs to love Dolemite  I love Dolemite, you love Dolemite  Hey, how you doin nigga, I know you  Knowin I didn't when I did  Meth-Tical  Shiiit, I told the boy  If ya can't get yourself a ten  The least you can do is spark five two's  And we out, Method) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ RZA, Inspector Deck, Street Thug, Carlton Fisk Album: Tical Song: Mr. Sandman Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: RZA w/ singing by Blue Raspberry] *bees buzzing* *man screaming in torture* This is... (Mr. Sandman bring me a good dream) Serious, the craziest ... d-da, (Mr. Sandman bring me a good dream) day-da Danger, dangerous... style [Verse One: RZA] Lyrical shots from the glock bust bullet holes on the chops, I want the number one spot With the science, of a giant New York defiant, brutal like domestic violence Silence of the Lambs, o-ccured when I slammed in Foes grab their chairs, to be mad as Ralph Cramden Others come with shit, as silly as Art Carney But my Tetley triplizes, more kids than Barney Never need for stress there's three bags of sess a damn I rest, playing chess, yes My thoughts be sneaky like a crook from Brooklyn When you ain't lookin, I take the queen, with the rook then I get vexed, layin phat trax on Ampex Puffin skunk, gettin drunk off of Triple X Violent time, I got more love than valentines The violent mind, I blast with a silent nine [Verse Two: Inspector Deck] My hazardous thoughts to cut the mic's life support short Brains get stained like tablecloths when I let off Powerful, poetry pushed past the point of no return Leavin mics with third-degree burns Let me at 'em, I cramp your style like a spasm Track em through the mud then I bag em We're screaming hardcore, hip-hop drips out my balls and I be raw, for four score plus seven more I strike like a bowling ball, holding y'all hostage like hail, electrifying the third rail Peep the smash on paragraphs of ruckus Wu-Tang (Clan ain't nuttin ta fuck wit) [Verse Three: Method Man] Hot time, summer in the city My people represent, get busy The heat-seeker, on a mission from hell's kitchen I gets in where I fits in for head-touchin, listen Enemy, is the industry got me flippin I don't give a fuck tell that bitch and a nigga I'm killin, snipin, catchin murder cases Desert Storm-in, I be searchin for oasis As I run a mile with a racist Pullin, swords, hit the Billboard with a bullet Peace to the number seven Everybody else get the fo'-nine-three-eleven (Mr. Sandman bring me a good dream) I don't know what's going on if you can take us there... [Verse Four: Street Thug] Yo, watch me bang the headpiece there's no survival My flow lights up the block like a homicidal murder, underground beef for the burger P.L.O., criminal thoughts you never heard of I switch, the city never sleeps, life's a bitch I shit, runnin through bitches like Emmitt Smith Caution, niggaz best to be careful crossin the street, before they end up layin in a coffin Don't sleep, niggaz tend to forget, however Peep this -- my nigga Case lives forever [Verse Five: Carlton Fisk] What evil lurks in the heart of men? It be the shadow, street-life, flowin again I had a plot, scheme, I knew for sure Only one kid would knock the hinges off the door The jerk tried to jet, Sabrina at his neck Thirteen pounds on the table plus a tec Just when I said, "Where the fuck's the cream?" Another jerk came out the kitchen with the M-16 He tried to cock it, blast these shots like, rockets Crushed his collarbone, ripped his arm out the socket My move for the table was swift, I got my hostage (The nigga tried to stab you God!) but I dodged it Niggaz said, "Carlton youse a ill motherfucker" Cause I made it look like they both killed each other And I'm out (Mr. Sandman bring me a good dream) (Mr. Sandman bring me a good dream) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Parse error : syntax error, unexpected T_STRING in /home/ohhla/public_html/anonymous/method/tical/stimulat.mth.txt on line 69 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical Song: Method Man (remix) Typed by: OHHLA.com Chorus: M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man Hey you get off my clooud Let me get raw with my southpaw style Mover, puffin' on a fat blunt from Cuba It's the Meth-Tical jet to Cal, I'm the buddha Monk on the hunt for machine gun foes I keeps you open like a slug from the shotgun punk Double-barrel, yeah Meth bring it to them proper Partner, you ain't got no wins in me casa Straight up, you movin' too fast so baby wait up Took one, added seven more now you eight up Get on down wit' your bad self Get on down, listen to the sound, come on Few can ever get this whole commit legit See you all up in my dick But you don't know shit, uh-huh What's your definition of a real emcee From what you dedicated, hey it must be me Meth-Tical, a lewd descendant of the loud hip-hop I go on to the break of dawn, and just don't stop Give me the green light, and the sign one way Have you had your meth today Huh, move it in, move it out Stick it in, pull it out Shake it up, shake it down Come on down, Meth-Tical Oh I often pray that I will But today I am still Just a... Chorus M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man Rrrappers can't get with the style extra wicked Rap flow is bangin' like butter on a biscuit A tisket, a tasket I'm not tryin' to have it Mic flow show up and try to grab it ? ?  I breaks it down, I gets loud for my crowd Filthy, dirty like a worm underground Turn into a crazy early bird, that's my word Before I kick the bucket I'm a kick 'em to the dirt Check out the cloud, smoke out from the mouth Other brothers got mad love (?) style for the hood, hey Enter the square if you dare Without a fro, I'm so raw that I'm real I'm goin' to the country, I'm goin' to the fair To see the senorita, with flowers in her hair And get mine, cuz she love me long time Bartender bring more wine Get in line for the... Chorus M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man M-E-T, H-O-D, Man Here I am, here I am, the Method Man Wu-Tang, killer bees on the swarm, it ain't safe no more  1994, the rugged raw The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000 Song: Perfect World Typed by: BAY8RUFF@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dialogue] First, they dropped the bomb Then came the disease Then death This our world Your world, my world I like this world! Yo, on foreign land keep your toast up, hot rocks Catch a close up your snot box, broke up Land shark, tryin to post up, reptiles  Trying to throw cub with crooked smiles Take your kindness for weakness, yhey foul New York niggas be lovin how the gun talk, POW! Another underboss pull a doublecross Niggas ain't ready for the holocaust here and now Want them games people play, catch these bullets over Broadway Twenty-five to life up in Rahway get caught Look deep into the black thought, a holy war is being fought on Allah's court, my perfect world (if you will) Mr. Sandman, bring 'em a dream, infa-red light beams Homicide scene, perfect world By any means get cream Just don't let it come between you and I, seen Everything is everything in this three ringed, circus Peoples is swift, tryin to work us, lord with devil worship and satanic verses  It takes place in the world, perfect, mine and yours Heard when it rains, it pours I came to bring the pain once more (once more) Pedal to the floor, peep the Jim Crow law The Big Apple, rotten to the core These niggaz want war? (GIVE EM WAR) They schemin and I-Beam'n Hitmen like cryin freeman, they need cleanin Keep it comin til they all runnin, screamin, bloody murder At war with them inner demons, it's goin down Invasion, U.S.A., spittin rounds If these shells hit the battleground, pave the way for birth of a Generation, X Spoken with a project dialect, bomb threat to the air waves, hit the deck Pressed for time in a world lacking sunshine Got love for my family, cause they mine See niggaz dying in the streets over petty crimes We gonna eat, or die tryin, got my mind made up Young buck, just don't give a fuck, pressin they luck When they best, best to give it up, perfect world Baby what? Nigga head or gut, them or us Welcome to the dark ages, dirty pages  Of filth, fine filth flavors Dust to dust, and ashes to ashes, life flashes Right before his eyes, then he passes 	While the 666 got more tricks 	Than the PD's got bricks 	From bloods and crips 	To pips with mints 	We still lickin the scars from whips on slave ships Mr. Sandman, bring 'em a dream, infa-red light beams Homicide scene, perfect world By any means get cream Just don't let it come between you and I, seen Everything is everything in this three ringed, circus Peoples is swift, tryin to work us, lord with devil worship and satanic verses  It takes place in the world, perfect, mine and yours Uhh.. the children are the future And Wu-Tang is for the babies! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Left Eye Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Cradle Rock Typed by: AlissaCyan@aol.com All the children come into the light... {*Sample of "Bright Tomorrow"*} There will be... [Chorus/Intro: Left Eye and Method Man] Rock a bye baby from the rooftop When the guns blow, your cradle gets rocked When the earth quakes and the sky starts to fall Down will come emcees, fake shit and all! [Verse One: Method Man] On top I be the show shot The bomb drop After shot blow your bumba claat to smithereens Time stop, flyin' guillotines Commin for your flock What you mean you spilled the beans, ay? Black out and thought I seen pop Lazer beam glock Whats a bird to a brother with a flock, wha? They got some nerve To even try and shit a turd On John J, flap a nigga gate With the wordplay Hot Nik shoot you with the gift Its your birthday God hatin' ugly in the worst way Fuck 'em like the Earth say From first day I survey the hassle Death knockin at your door In the Big Apple Meth rotton to the core Shackle, in the sound castle The doungeon, with vermin In the form of emcees determined To step foot on God soil Not knowin' that these egg heads come hard boiled And heavy handed The aliens they just landed And you in the way Overthrow these niggas planet Independance Day Felons, get split melons Homicide buck niggas get the buck with pelets Insecticide Johnny 5 take it worldwide As long as I pledge aligence to the Dark Side I'll never die Who ya know with a flow like this? Bring em in What clan you know blow like this? Bring em in Take that nigga [that nigga...] {*sample*} [Hook One: Method Man] + (Left Eye) The sound of gun burst put the foul in the dirt (foul in this dirt) You can't fake plannin' from the mind control theory (mind control theory) Murder in the first bring 'em back down to Earth (back down to Earth) Y'all niggas don't hear me, prepare for the worst! (prepare for the worst) [Verse Two: Method Man] Times gon' change, nuttin will remain the same Million dollar broke niggas still fucked up in the game Make me wanna choke niggas shittin' on my name Tuck your chain I approach nigga Go Against the Grain now Niggas stand in the rain now Die Hard fan call me John John McClain now Snake vs the Crane Style Death to the enemy, Wu brother number one The centipede, trouble some Send 'em all to Kingdom Come Sun still shine one Time for your crooked mind Drunk off of cheap wine Son I'm into street crime Every word, every line Got choose very fine Turn me loose on mankind Detionate the land mine Funk gets me goin' now Never sell, never sold Live by the code now Never tell, never told Darts I throw Like Clyde with the finger roll Clut shots an what not This is where the buck stops Still can't eat and y'all still cant sleep I eat up my ?self? as presidential emcee Wu-Tang killa bee The bee high facility In love with the blunt smoke Even though its killin me Bad vibes fillin me With thoughts of conspiricy White Water scandals with Bill Clinton Hilary Too hot to handle Well put together to dismantle Fucka, you heard me? [Sample]  [Hook Two: Meth] Excuse me as I kiss the sky Catch me when I fall son I'm too young to die Me and Lefty, that be the Eye come test me If you don't know, you never know me  Boost the birdie [Interlude] [Outro: Left Eye] Ayyo, I got 360 degrees of self, that's mind body and spirit 120 degrees a piece We gon' break it down into simple terms That's nine nigga nine Highest level of change It's too many niggas sittin' on they ass  waitin' for shit to just happen Shit just don't happen Gon' fuck around a miss a buck If you take away the negative, make room for the positve Thats addin' and subtractin' on the real Niggas betta learn they math Cause if my calculations serve me Correct I'ma fuck around and have all this shit I'm on yo ass nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Street Life Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Dangerous Grounds  Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, dj.flash@obox.com [Method Man] Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yea yo  Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo  All them real live motherfuckin niggaz step up front right now It’s goin down  One love to Long Island Hempstead in my heart baby Shaolin what? Come on, come on, HA! Dangerous ground Tre pound seven spin around for my bredren the clouds come down War and peace, I take it to the street Land shark on my lawn chop the thumbs off a thief And curse his first born, is this thing on? Send 'em to the children of the corn we the people See, niggaz through the eye of the demon My lethal injection, destroyin evil Hot Nikkel, private eye one pistol Aimin at your brain tissue, do or die Said the spider to the fly, "Could this one be tasty?" Like momma apple pie goodness, Johnny Blaze me On the job like Dick Tracy Hit the cure for that ill shit like Ben Casey, M.D. Symbolic thrill like god he shocked it Like a finger in a light socket, too good to be forgotten In the rotten apple I kick dirt on your sand castle Check the flavor all natural (Beat your feet) Hot Niks son (Heat-mizer) Before you get the main course (Taste a appetizer) Submerged in the word Heavy headed verbal that smack you Mentally disturb you, attack you Thirty-six chamb' once again comin at you  Young gun got the body snatch you observe Wise words you can only see through the third I fall way beyond the norm on the verb Shine on mental nourishment, you can dine on Track yellin at me get yo arrow god Victory is hard, regardless to whom or what  They all movin targets Allah Runnin through your house and your block party, with rap shotty And hot rock the body body, St. Bernards couldn't save your entourage, rap lobotomy Leave ya mentally scarred, numb and possibly Dumb deaf and blind is it I kick the spine out the battery backs fuckin with mine keep it movin Now everybody just throw your hands in the......(phone rings) What the fuck? Peace - who this? [Streetlife] Mind detect mind, I P.L.O. your startin line Deep Space Nine Designed for knuckleheads who bust guns and throw signs Let's converse snatch the tap from your purse Body-surf on the verse head first Peep defeat, bitch Street beat you down with the heat And you spazzed out spittin out teeth ain't nuttin peace Big boys don't destroy blunted zone pop steroid 50 men convoy, expensive where's the big toy Rumble through the wasteland right hand's on the silencer 40 caliber city slicker Staten Islander Synchronized minds combine thoughts that motivate  Don't perpetrate pass the blunt let it circulate  Street politicians on a suicide mission  Crime vision finger itchin from a scope-view position Dangerous ground Tre' pound seven spin around for my bredren the cloud comes down [Method Man] Yo, keep your eyes open  Love potion number nine poetry in motion Knowledge me the seventh sign Scopin, connivin, infiltrate is most of mine  Play 'em nonchalantly, calmly expose the nine Push and get shoved what the fuck Gods thinkin of Comin in the club wit that screwface, actin up Is we men or mice, bad moon risin We wild for the night Kill a skitzofrenic nigga twice cuz-o That's what happened when frontin on the Shaol' borough Island of Staten we in here no fear Assault wit intent To kill your whole regiment it's real Startin wit yo president, duckin my dart gun  Tear apart son - you don't want it then don't start none Blaze one with Jonathon, part man part fly Handle my B-I camouflauge like G.I. Fat like Joe, a day in the life Your money or your life that's the life Everybody can't afford ice in the struggle Tryin to eat right another day another hustle hustle hustle (Uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh) Dangerous ground  Tre' pound seven spin around for my bredren the clouds come down  War and peace, I take it to the street Land shark on my lawn chop the thumbs off a thief Motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Cappadonna, Street Life Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Sweet Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Street Life] Excuse me gorgeous.. Just maxin, lookin for hoes, y'know, relaxin Met this redbone Jasmine, midtown Manhattan Shot a verb, that tranked her nerves, calm words Massaged the mentals, made her pussycat purr Sweet Love you look miraculous, brown eyes passionate High cheekboned, Tommy Girl cologne you smashin it Jump in, take a spin, destination Staten I have you home by ten, Shorty started laughin She replied, "Street, you ever ride while you drive?" I looked puzzled, and said, "Nah baby why?" She pressed up, grabbed my dick, threw her dress up Cocked her legs, cold fucked my head up Now I'm deep in it, flyin past the speed limit Out of control, still whippin it, steadily hittin it Deep strokin, one hand on the wheel, blunt smokin Lovin how it feel, Sweet Love you got me open, what? [Cappadonna] Love is love Love, love is love Love Love is love Love, love is love Love We connected like a train from the first ordeal I stepped to her with the passion as I kept things real but like, sex was on my mind like, cum was in my pants I flashed my fronts on her, like if I had a chance She said, "Ain't you Cappadonna from the Wu-Tang Clan?" I said, "Yeah, mad gear plus the small white band Sweet Love, I want your pussy can I be your man? Stripped to the bare essentials let me fuck you if I can Sweet Love, from your nipples to your pussy nub" Sweet Love, love is Love, love is love Love [Method Man] It's a full moon, we in the bedroom, thoughts consumed by the passion, slow jam tunes and body action My finger's on the clit splashin, your pussy lips got you spazzin, love juices, marinatin in your satins, sexy ass, I get some like my old dad I love my women bad, with just a little touch of class Youse the Star by far, look at you Ma Shake your thang-thang girlfriend, you SheShe Lefrea! Whattup, went to beat it up, I'm not the one to eat it up but the type to hit it raw dawg and seed it up We talk without sayin nuttin, you told me if I came through you'd gimme som'in, now we lockin ass Pullin hair and talkin trash, how you like it slow or fast? She said, "I like it when it last" No doubt, you got the best trout there can be Not an everyday, average, Chicken of the Sea, candidate for H.I.V. You'd rather deal with monogamy Queen to be held, Black Mahogany You're bout to bust damnit, sugar walls comin down Now you can't stand it, you've been touched That's when I felt the blood rush Gettin closer and closer with every thrust, take me there Volcano's about to erupt, I love you much "Watch these rap niggaz get all up in your guts" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Shaolin What Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] I'm the bastard, the total package like Lex Luger Pull a sting like a yellow jacket, makin manuever through the slum nigga Iron Lung, ladies and gentlemen Welcome to my torture chamber, pit and the pendulum Foul play, T 2000 be "Judgement Day" Face millenium - hell to pay My knuckles soft from these Star Wars of Han Solo; southpaw Ring your bell like it's Quasimodo - what is the law? Stay hardcore my Clan logo, move to quik to catch a photo Jettin on land like Jet Moto Now we roll up on the conduit These niggaz actin like they been through it; as if they heart beat the truest  I +Can't Lose+ like +Parker Lewis+, set in my ways Got you corny niggaz askin who is .. Johnny Blaze? Get a late pass stankin-ass (ha) sucker ass Now you sufferin like succotash (wha-what-what) while Johnny Cash makin moves on your moneybag, I'm strip clubbin Stickin hundreds in yo' honey ass; my brothers buggin in the background, holdin me down, watchin these clowns as they eyeball I pay it no mind - gettin high y'all Look at the scaffold, the night tall Rap infected get the Lysol, to disinfect it You don't know me or my effin Method That's the shit that made me ticked When I throw the pitch, how many catch it? Stapleton, the Wild West Park Hill Port Richmond, Now Borne Jungle Nils One mo' gaen - hit me with that SHIT they be smokin Got Cali niggaz loc'n, New York niggaz open John Jay phenomenon, the mega-bomb Transformed into firearm (pow) like Megatron You get stepped on and shit upon, I'm still calm knowin brothers wanna do me harm - Shaolin what? (Shaolin what, huh?) {*breaking glass*} Y'all niggaz make room for daddy, for real (Holla if you hear me) We got love for those that got love for us (Show your lust; your best bet is to roll with us) Now go to your room (hang it up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Torture Typed by: Gnesh@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Through bein humbles Tru Mast' on da track.. LIKE THAT y'know? Been in this rap game for like the past  four bullets now, y'know? Doin bids, yea yea I done peeped a lotta cats come through Courageous cats, stray cats, haha Top cats with top hats, yaknowhatI'msayin? But it all boils down to this: we talkin lyrics Rhymes, line for line, numero uno Who the best? I don't know Check it Flame on - I rain fire, when Johnny Storm I'm shocking like live wire - you have been warned I prolong this next chamber, to make it strong And prove all them doubters wrong Killin Em Softly with this song, addin on Let them toes get they tag on, dead men run no marathons On my shift, shootin that gift, knowin he snitched on the telethon, runnin his lips, sinkin the ship Give back what his mother gave him, mother made him and now she can't even save him, Johnny Blaze 'em Send him to his final restin Back to the essence, Faces of Death - The Final Lesson Torture (3X) Motherfuckin torture, y'all niggaz know Who got John Blaze shit? Suckin my dick to get famous So I switch blades to Dangerous Welcome to my torture chambers Torture chambers where John Doe's remain nameless, hear me? I know it's Def Jam, but think clearly I made it possible for y'all cats to come near me Keep your enemies, close and your heat closer I slam just like my culture on all theories Dead that - straight off the meat rack with this one You get burned playin Nix-on, Hot Biscuit Stand back - don't make me spit one, and paint pictures On the walls of your mental, with hot lead from out these pencils Iron Lung since I was young and not knowin where the next meal was comin from, been troublesome To all those posin a threat If I go, everybody gotta go next, y'all niggaz know The code of the street soldier, I'm watchin time And time watchin me colder, Grim Reaper Breathin death on my shoulder Waitin for the day to take me over (take me over) Torture (3X) Motherfuckin torture, y'all niggaz know That you can never touch my flow, go ahead and hate me Still tryin to fuck my hoe, Johnny-come-latelys? Got me in a world of shit, and now I'm pissed Mama said there'd be days like this, tis the SeaZon for Ducks and my pen's bleedin Leavin' kids barely breathin for sneak-thievin Famished from lack of eatin and lack of teachin Banished from Rhyme & Reason for high treason, can it be  That the kid with the knot knees Got G to make a grown man cop pleas, for this track I got a Lovebug like Starsky, blow back Until I drop Tical Part 3, ain't no stoppin when you start me, John Jay Pullin your card, mayday mayday Niggaz owe they life to God, and now it's payday Take it how ya wanna take it, fully clothed or butt-naked I learned the hard way - ain't nuttin sacred In this world - time to face it, Johnny Basic Instinct, I'm sure to make it While others fake it, fuck the spotlight, G-O-D already got light Say what you like, just spell my name right No doubt, this one goes out, to all you trout-fish cake niggaz, keep my dick up out your mouth Torture (3X) Motherfuckin torture, y'all niggaz know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Street Life Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Title: Suspect Chin Music Typed by: kmelpla@hotmail.com [Method Man] Suspect chin niggas, no win niggas send niggas back to go, try again niggas all hail me, the good the bag the ugily the money's around your way, lovely where for art thou Meth-tical god-child I pack a smile like crocidile profile can't hold it down? oh the shit gon' hit the fan now spin around let your whole crown man down, man down [Street Life] I live by the street code never old never love a hoe, never flash the dough cause you never know who friend or foe got block control solid gold thought  before the blow lets stroll through the ghetto habitat with no parole never snitch switch which keep a fresh pair of kicks split the tongue snatch the weed in case the cops wanna strip search think first prepare for the worst when you do dirt remember there's a million other niggas with the same thirst [Method Man] No doubt dummy out bets pull the money out niggas walk a funny route this is what its all about? young guns and dum-dums slum bums and sons askin' niggas where they come from get him for his one, um sunshine, its crunch time stranded on the front line ducking from the one-time niggas on the run, where the cameras can't come, ha make this one the anthem ring around the rosie pocket full of Grants, uh [Street Life] Just because you wild in the club you ain't thug sport gloves and gold mugs you ain't thug tattoos and hard screws don't make you thug sucker for love catch a slug, nigga [Method Man] Suspect chin niggas, no win niggas send niggas back to go, try again niggas shotgun slammin' in your chestpeice, blaow shotgun slammin' in your chestpeice, blaow [Street Life] Carry your eyes and avoid spots cellblocks rap blow you for your slide(?) time what you got's mine we can take it to the yellow lines and we can pull nine whether the rhyme or the crime Ima still shine heavy on the street talk cut your life support short never had no love for you so there is no love lost strictly enforced by the street stories get double crossed hands off I run with the torch [Method Man] They got me fed up from the head up put up or shut up on stage in them shiny get-up these niggas is funny energizer bunny actors they hustle backwards son I think they gay rappers say word, drop some stature dog splash ya, party crash ya the spell casta heard the same before and after its over flood get your brain end the game, done its over end of the line out of time bitch its over on the wrong street with no heat he was sober we soldiers somebody should've told ya [Street Life] Million dollar ice on your wrist don't make you thug cause a bitch is sucking your dick on your skit you ain't thug bandanas and bad grammer don't make you thug sucker for love catching slugs nigga [Method Man] Suspect chin niggas, no win niggas send niggas back to go, try again niggas shotgun slammin' in your chestpeice, blaow shotgun slammin' in your chestpeice, blaow Suspect chin niggas, no win niggas send niggas back to go, try again niggas shotgun slammin' in your chestpeice, blaow shotgun slammin' in your chestpeice, blaow [Street Life] With the W burning through your flesh verbally possesed never second guess blow minds like David Koresh fuck a vest you need a gun to protect your assets deep in the aztecs break out before the sun set street wars gimme yours crime is what I live for got rhymes galore next time its at the wu store if you sleep late, next date is at the cest gate all you sober mcs, I leave y'all niggas half-baked [Method Man] Microphone is in a choke hold losin' control bringing drama by the boatload it takes drama in the pillage now of cappadonna my split persona hit their village and their baby mama y'all niggas playing with this money while we stay hungry and kept it pudgy it won't make me have to crash, dummy before its over you should keep your chain tucked in  and should never run your mouth with a suspect chin now lay it down [Street Life] Just because you wild in the clup you ain't thug sport gloves and gold mugs you ain't thug tattoos and hard screws you ain't thug real thugs runnin' with hate and smash love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Retro Godfather Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Come on (come on) Take it back (take it back) 70's style (style) 	I'll do, anything All y'all old school Studio 54ers 	That's, my, word! 	There's nothing in the world that I won't do 	I'll give my world to you, if you want me to 	I'll do, anything 	That's, my, word! O.D.'n on this one fleein, all eyes seein Dominant supreme being, face the mental Deep concentration break the point on a pencil Keep my cliches out your dental, capiche? Shit that I been through is cause for parental discretions no question my Westside Connections L.A. Confidential, world don't stop 'less it's mental, Staten residentials, you wit it? Wu-Tang, Forever and a day, 'til I'm old and decayed I'm commited; look ma, we did it Top of the the world, tell it to my firstborn and my baby girl, did it my way, take the low ride on the highway, out the sunroof, yellin "Thank God it's Friday!" Show a nigga love If he got my sound pull the plug, he's not underground call him mud, when I flood the airwaves Household and stairways (rainy days) Waiting for these paydays, think not of the ends If I got twenty, my brother get ten Now let the madness begin motherfuckers! 	There's nothing in the world that I won't do 	I'll give my world to you, if you want me to 	I'll do, anything.. anything.. anything.. anything.. 	There's nothing in the world that I won't do 	I'll give my world to you, if you want me to 	I'll do, anything.. 	Yo, yo, yo! We got love for those with love for us Baby you can look but don't touch, I'm fried off the dust And plus, the only thing I trust is a fund Ain't no fun, just paranoid niggaz totin guns in apparel, keep us camouflaged in the shadows That's where I bring this tale that you never get to tattle Obliterate the tri-state, and the crime rate Tell them swine niggaz fly straight, you can call it fate And if it ain't mine, call it fake, bottom line End the case, spoonfeed the track just a taste of the side dish, soup of the day, I come Wright like N'Bushe for them Dead Presidents Fuck what you say, and he say, and she say, and they say Vacate the premises, caught up in the melee Sentence this song, to twenty-five years hard labor in the system, where it takes the form of my wisdom Respect mine, take my time and protect nine Next on the frontline, Mr. Meth No more no less, what you see is what your ass get Set it off I suggest 	There's nothing in the world that I won't do 	I'll give my world to you, if you want me to 	I'll do, anything.. anything.. anything.. anything.. 	There's nothing in the world that I won't do 	I'll give my world to you, if you want me to 	I'll do, anything.. anything.. anything..  	Not a problem that I can't fix 	Cause I can do it, in the mix 	Not a problem that I can't fix 	Cause I can do it, in the mix The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Spazzola Typed by: MDogg922@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method] Uhh [M. Killa] Deadly Medley part two [Method] That's my word!    It ain't safe no more... bitch! [Masta Killa] Yo, yo Brain gets punctured and drained through the nasal Hour of assassination be upon you Movin with the tiger strike, bound, gagged and shot Red the head in, dapple light centered East remains hot with police But I keep a lease for my, four-fifth automatic Extended clip rewind, bust mine Anytime you reveal your snakeish ways and actions Observe the magnetic attraction [Method Man] And it's time for some grid... [Street Life] ...iron rap, action-packed grudge match Tough act to follow, hard copy novel Throw you off the Verrazano We swimmin with these sharks, yo I rate bodyguard Stamp my initial in your birthmark P.L.O., bust like a calico, tally hoe Black expo, Tecs in afros, we back yo It's Dolemite, crash your windpipe, with the mic device Fatal strike, daily mic fights, shoot out the street lights [Method Man] Sight beyond sight, late night, city light Tight like a virgin, mergin with my A-Alikes Splurgin, dirty to the grain, no detergent Filthy, innocent until I'm proven guilty Submergin, deeper in the lecture I'm servin Truth or consequences, life or death sentence I'm hurtin, your person, I'm certain, it's curtains Chorus: Method Man It ain't nuttin like hip-hop music You like it cause you choose it Most DJ's won't refuse it A lot of sucker MC's misuse it Don't think that Wu can't lose it Too much to gain to abuse it The name of the game is rapture This one is complete, it captures bass [Inspektah Deck] Yo, I bring chaos to blocks like the riots in Watts Rapid fire shots ripple through Kevlar, 9 Glocks Technique of rhyme pop machine gun ammo Sporadic flow buckled a foe, intro to outro Calico, throw verse, but slide my dough first I make thousands in the club with no shirts, go bezerk From the Shao' borough, whylin out on the furlow Commando, styles thorough, solo inferno It burns slow, thermonuclear degrees Heads are underseas down to the youngest seeds Wannabes clone, they light like summer breeze Hundred G's for the Garden, them fans stampede for the top cats, hit the mic like the iron-palm blast Equipped to perform the task S-I-N-Y, and what, head or gut The head rush, will cause your cerebellum to bust [Killa Sin] We be the world's most fabulous Hazardous, to fuck with these ravenous Killers get you stuck to the wall like wooden cabinets Extravagant, je-wel drop a helicopter high Up into the sky, lines philosiphize, I got stocks to buy Watch my pockets rise, to the bottom bust confide in God In Sin I trust, the villianous, criminal minded killers rust I intend to build and fortify in men Mastermind rhymin, navigate the globe then retire quick [Raekwon] Aiyyo fluid rap bend through it black, buluga black Ac' Tackle that, ghetto tabernackles throw it in your lap Slang A-K, national, geographical Mathematical, slide up in your work casual Nike Air Dog, who wear it all, plus down to brawl All a thousand with a bloody hair, flammable Rap mayors, who clap Himalayas pinky fingers Ever glacer, lacer, hand laser touches grail bomb blazers Sly-workin, network bezerk, mad hurtin Killer whales, fucking up sales, crash Bloomingdales Masqevendo, John Lennon tenor break, mad descendo Fuck y'all niggaz carve my ice through your Benz window *door creaking open* *gunshots followed by a car alarm* Chorus [Method Man] Uhh.. Spazz-Ola.. (Spazz-Ola) S-I-N-Y 10304 Lock your doors Crack your jaws Drop your drawers It's all day everyday with this rap souflee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Party Crasher Typed by: Sativa105@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: club bouncer Aww shit... not these niggaz again! Aiyyo listen! I'm only lettin five of you motherfuckers in here tonight If your man ain't on the guest list  He get to the BACJ of the fuckin line And you know another motherfuckin thing? I don't give a fuck if a bitch spill a drink  in this motherfucker tonight I'm kickin ALL y'all the fuck outta here  [Method Man] Uhh  Muh'fuckers be up in the club scared to fuckin death Nigga if you scared why don't yo' ass just stay the fuck home Check it out uhh Me and mines at the door, ain't tryin to pay your fees Stop playin, you fuckin with me, I push my way in Bum rush there's plenty of us to tear the club up Guzzlin Bacardi and such, I split a Dutch Bouncin nigga lookin like he want war Now I ain't the one you got to front Pah Pattin me down like the law  As I stumble in the party  Topsey off the Limon Bacardi for sure Loungin near the bar section, rolled the L and kept steppin, concealed weapon, razor sharp Blue star hatchet, in the sleeve of my jacket Who that kid, on the dance floor lookin for matches? Burn somethin, one toke got me blasted  Took another toke then I passed it, choke! Fantastic, herb ain't no joke  Especially that indo smoke mixed with hashish Ladies on the dance floor, shakin they asses Got millon dollar broke niggaz, that makin passes Honey with the eye glasses, body work is Boombastic  Skin like blackberry molasses, mmmmm At last it's, time to step and make her mine  Niggas headin toward the bathroom tuckin they shines Brothers got to keep it movin, playin with kids that won't hesitate to snatch a Cuban  You know what this is... ("Yo Duke that's your diamonds right there God?  Yo that shit'll go RIGHT where my people ain't right now.." 		"Yo don't touch my shit!") Now it's on in the lavatory, I heard a scream End of story couldn't find shorty, party scene's  now a fucked up chaotic thing, won't be long before the sirens intervene, the terrotory Can't we all get along, without the ruckus Got big bouncin muh'fuckers, tryin to rush us I can take a hint, what? Can smell the stench  of a hell bent environment, the odds against us Back to the wall y'all, refuse to fall All hands on deck yes, prepare to brawl Uhh, every time I try to have a good time why? Somebody always fuckin it up, killin my high, damn Monkey wrench they whole program, party over By that time I'm dead sober In the midst of this whole shit fo' soldiers, dead gone  You can tell that they was heat holders  Everybody hit the deck when they expose tech, I fled the set Bitch slipped and caught a broke neck, some Brooklyn kids rushed the coat check, they whole set, stompin Duke half to death and took his Rolex, it's horrible Like a front page article, Mister Pitiful About a step away now we critical, uhh As I boned out I heard the people shout  NIGGAZ, yea cold turn the party out! Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ( sirens ) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Streetlife Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Grid Iron Rap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Streetlife] I Silver Surf the city circuits, forever lurkin on the street surface, I spit blood for blood verses Grands man divided, we still stand, conquer land One man'll body slam Def Jam Focus your headcam zoom in, with radio tune in I know you're listenin, so I keep showin and provin Play the sideline, waitin for the right time to take mine Street crime, nickel and dime rhyme Fuck a peace talk, let the gun spark, on the streets of New York I Shaolin Strut through the city asphault (FED UP!) Hold your head up, I'm circlin the block, keep your eyes up Wise up, before you get sized up (TIED UP!) Play no games, speakin on my name, you catch a clipful from close range, diggin in your pocket, take the loose change [Method Man] Punch the data in your mainframe, you want it all I want the same thang, strive to maintain, live out my name Hard to obtain, hard to explain, ain't nuttin changed Leave the same way I came, bringin motherfuckin pain [Streetlife] Killa Hill Projects, high-tech street intellect Let's connect, blow your headset, fuck a mic check [Method Man] Ring around the underground, pocket full of sound Ashes to ashes, y'all niggaz goin down Yo.. eat shit and die slow, battle ground no survival you goin down, y'all niggaz fuck around Shittin where you sleepin, so my rhyme proposal came indecent, beef from the butcher sink your teeth in [Streetlife] Fuck what you believe in, you real fake, fishin in the same lake Eatin off the same cake you blowface [Method Man] Who got that ready-cooked, synthetic look, actin crook Betty-shook worm, tryin to shake the hook, as the world turn Nigga burn, once again the supersperm Rub it in your skin, like it's Lubriderm, time took to write this The war will be fought by the righteous who stand criticized, by his un-A*Alike-ness Knowledge is the jewel, and it's priceless Real like them Rahway Lifers, nuttin but time on my hands Observe the black sands in the hourglass, fallin fast in this savage land, haulin ass, Days of Thunder It's road rad, your days are numbered What RZA put together let no man tear asunder (motherfucker) [Streetlife] This is P.L.O., Killa Hill flow, but you don't hear me though Live in stereo, pump it loud until your speaker blow Ghett-io slang pro, sling rap to cashflow Keep it live from the intro until the outro Killa Hill Projects, high-tech street intellect Let's connect, blow your headset, fuck a mic check [Method Man] Ring around the underground, pocket full of sound Ashes to ashes, y'all niggaz goin down [Streetlife] My dick! (My dick!) I'm on a suicide run, y'all niggaz know the outcome Razor sharp tongue leave scars in your eardrum Forty-five bar seminar ghetto rap star Slide like water rats through the Staten Resevoir Swingin swords cut your mic cords, snatch your rap awards Commercial cats, fuckin up the game, that's why I crash boards Drape floors while you Jordan, keep on tryin yours Hardcore, somethin that my street niggaz is dyin for [Method Man] Snap your neck and the dopefiend, Gobol 13 Professionals we know things, say no more Check my Dogs at the Resevoir, gourmet special of the day is nigga souflee, pusher gotta pay And the games people play, John Jay back around the way Fish filet, Mr. DJ, turn it up a notch Hit the replay, for dirt bomb niggaz in the PJ to cling-on, bring-on, the good times, to key-on Hook rhymes that's be-yond, your thinkin, for eons I been here, to shine on the black mind Tell you like the last time, year of the grimy nigga Ragtime, bad sign, flatline.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Step By Step Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] This goes out to all the big head niggaz And all them big head bitches You know my steez-o Yo, yo, yo, yo Deadly melodic, robotic steez-o blur your optic So you can't see the topic, condition combo Blaze bring the heat to your Mourning like Alonzo Head honcho like Eastwood, gun in my pancho Another bad desperado, trapped inbetween  the hills and the El Dorados, but you can't do that Welcome to the Wheel of Fortune where Pat don't Sajak Bring it to these cats often, the biggest payback is when I condemn men, to purgatory Stick a pen, do em in, eight million stories in the naked Mr. Method, Blade Runner Blood stain on my track record, top gunner Chorus: Method Man You know it's sick now, just a little bit, aw shit Can't quit now, hard as a brick, what's this Make em get down, head where I fit, more grip Hold this shit down, she don't know you better school her ("Step in the Arena" sample scratched) Step by Step, inch by inch, piece by piece, bit by bit Step by Step, inch by inch, piece by piece, bit by bit [Method Man] Check my Extinction Agenda, mind bender No retreat no surrender, head trauma Death before dishonor, sword and golden armor Undetected stealth bomber, blow the session With Immaculate Conception, hit yo' section with my Def Squad connection, the Green-Eyed Bandit E Double up dammit, Iron Lung  flow taste like a knuckle sandwich, now you know It's time that I take advantage, take command yo Cops caught me red-handed Blood On the Dance Floor or was it Michael Jackson Fuck it, time for some action Check my Re-Runs an see What's Happening Chorus 2X [Method Man] Before she get her back blown Jealous men don't understand and get clapped on, now I'm reloadin Automate and keep it goin, right and exact Runnin track like I'm Jesse Owens, catch em wit my rap slogan Jack Frost, leave em frozen Bust flows and never lay text/latex without my Trojan Hand writtin ass whippin, I keep spittin At any head-on collision, throw dart wit precision And split decision, tell your old folk  and your children what I'm dealin Good times, and hood rhymes from the villain Till I see you at the ooh-building motherfuckers Chorus This one, is dedicated to my big head niggaz And all them big head bitches All them big head bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Inspectah Deck, Street Life & Mobb Deep Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Play IV Keeps Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] Ha, yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah One time.. yo Never liked son from day one, bring you tool That nigga stick you and play dumb, hate a bitch-ass Who care where you came from, you ain't prepared for when the pain come, this nigga scared, shook to death from a cold stare, stuntin, knowin my brothers fiend to do you somethin over here, we head huntin in the function I smell fear, adrenaline start pumpin I Smash Pumpkins, Hard Rock be in the Cafe Tear the club up, and anyone that try to judge us The last days, makin sure I get the last say In the food chain, is you predator or prey? If you featherweight, lyrics blow your back crack your vertabrae, lookin for a better way to get my point across, thoughts accelerate at the same speed, of the muder rate Lord, never perpetrate a fraud, til my nigga Carlton Fisk see the boss, truly yours, Mr. Meth [Street Life] Life's a snippet, one way ticket Time tickin fast, blink you might miss it Semen on Street shit, you might catch fifty stitches Body bag sprayed up, buried in muddy ditches I play for keeps, bust heat you catch cold feet My rap sheet, speak for itself, concrete Evident, Killa Hill, resident, double dart agent Secret intelligent my rap style's flagrant Chorus One: all Feel the sting of a killa bee, Johnny Blaze Street Life, Deck and Mobb Deep, Play IV Keeps In the city that you never sleep, pay attention Ain't no shittin when you gotta eat, we hold it down [Inspectah Deck] I move like Mad Max 'cross the wasteland One hand holds the head of the last brave man Made man, Cuban Link chain of command Authorized fam', hot like Sahara sand My live team turn the club to a crime scene High beams flash, promoters die behind CREAM Get your face blown, might face the chrome We take this more serious than just a poem [Havoc] I think about a lot of shit, especially when I'm bent About the foul shit goin on in my life, current event It's evident I smoke ciggarette down to Brownsville Thinkin to myself -- how many lives must my pound kill? Hopefully none, ain't the one to give chase Hemmed by Jake, worryin who might turn state's So I chill, put my killa niggaz on the battlefield On the low plottin silent murderer, never doubt still never follow beef hey beef follow me Wanna settle in the court I say settle in the streets like our pops did it, you got gats get hot with it Now you dry snitchin, because you got knocked with it I just rock with it, go with the flow, think for a hot minute Stash my dough secure the funds of profit [Prodigy] Yo, extreme rhyme niggaz, you wastin your time Fuckin with my niggaz, extrordinary line swishin your mind out position, tryin to figure this shit Rewind it and listen quick, you might miss this Olympic, rap jave-lon, travel beyond, your weak song Doin this for too long, to not come strong You're only a pawn of Viet Dong Tryin to form against mines, you musta just been born Secluded on a distant farm This is the real world, where niggaz get shot and shanked Where there's tremendous pain, you get your frame inflamed Crushed to dust, by the next man's clutch It's Infamous you fucks, intense bad luck.. Chorus One Stand strong on our two feet, we all ready for a war here, fuck peace, what? Chorus One Stand strong on our two feet, we all ready for a war here, fuck peace, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Method Man f/) Streetlife Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Snuffed Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Word, yo, I loved you to death nigga Word.. it's like til death do us part Dedicated Peace nigga now we must part kid Yeah, fuck it, whateva We used to be tight, now it's shoot on sight Takin the ghetto right, slidin in your wife on a rainy night Low budget nigga wanna act like, yousa killa in the spotlight but never lived the life? Throw the grilla in your mouthpiece, rock you to sleep Fuckin wit Street, you better travel wit heat, speakin my piece You survived my attempt to homicide Tried to slide and lit five rounds but hit the building side This is how it's goin down, ain't no peace until you're gone Play around, with your life playa you won't live long Probably got a vest on, but your thoughts react like a young pawn That's when I swarm on your street dreams you mor-on Carry on, forty lead dons went through your Teflon I remained calm, even though you straight passed through my left arm I never fold I reload, keep my clip full mode Empty out six slick, to bloody up your wardrobe Plus that click you run with, I heard y'all niggaz rub dicks Greet niggaz with a french kiss, some real fag shit Seen the bitch in you, from the first day you came through Saw the size of my crew, and started actin brand new That bullshit you pulled, you gon' pay too You went bubblin blue, it's dead on the avenue I bailed you out, passed off a key to the stash house So you could lay low, from your P.O., before you mashed out Then you went the wrong route, that's why I threw my dick in your girl's mouth Get snuffed the fuck out, walk witcha guns out I'll see you nigga! Yeah, see you! See you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Star, Polite Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Elements Typed by: MDogg922@aol.com [Method Man] (There...there?) One more game Yo, uh huh uh huh Staar Surround sounder, blunt smokin, remy downer Hip-hop sizzar slingin my raw in your flounder You get skidawed, undertakin' undergrounders This lyricist, lounge with low, that be lounger Aliens is out of townish, fuck applause niggas clap now with forty pounders, and fourty-fours Is it all, fair in love with war Young 'uns with guns, acting like they taking yours, uh Live by the sword, they gonna die by the sword, uh My vocal cords break the laws that apply to nature Low and these niggas love to hate ya Request the henney straight no chaser Twin towerin' I skyscrape ya Now gimme yours [Star] Trifled disciple, arch rival reppin with weapons that homicidal  Star leaves you marked from the start like tribal scars (Allah punk) I'm hazardous as a bomb and arms spinnin' like Christ Recitin' psalms in the streets of Babylon (Verbs I gather well) ??? data shells My squad camoflauge your wealth Like the bible with parabels With the navigator, spittin razor sharp, breath laser data That'll tickle you now, but sway you later [Method Man] On this one call me Lee Major Million dollar man, bionic or proffesor chronic Still not a player, I just fuck alot the panty raider Get shortys mad, they curse you wild on your sky pager Stankin' ass [Polite] Yo Mr. Big Mouth, better duck down or bite the bullet You niggas got guns but you scared to death to pull it Bet if I pull my gun I'm gon' squeeze I'm startin at your head, son, and stoppin' at your knees I hate your screwmugs, rumble counterfeit thugs  Niggas want mine, bet they come and get it in blood Fat potential, gave birth to a corrupt mental Foul thoughts paralyzin temples, it's just that simple Chorus [All] You better come with your best gun Niggas be holdin', it's all war no fun Niggas be bowlin', you niggas under pressure now My squads down for whatever with whoever now Let's get it on Best to come with your best gun Niggas be rollin', it's all war no fun Niggas be holdin', you niggas under pressure now My squads down for whatever with whoever now Let's get it on [Star] Arm leg shots to hit the spot like a four fifth glock We got this hip-hop shilock and all you clique got Was lip lock, heavy heat, steady street sweepin your peeps Hawks, machete chops puttin' cease to your petty fleets This raw rebel got more metal than pop And rock groups, when my glock shoots the scores settled A ground attack, I'm bound to clap rounds of rap Clowns are found flat, face down around the map Simple minds, cripple smiles, my rhymes are four five The size oh two nines combine, can't even tickle mine [Method Man] I told you once, I told your ass a thousand times, chump Body in the trunk, stay in line punk,  (Fucking with your mind?) [Polite] Yo You be the actual, sixteen bars, comin' after you Never go against my team, they might embarrass you Slit-slang terrorist talk, fully armed Put your hands up, I'ma put a hole in your paws Ruin your side show, eyes low, brains fried from hydro Two choices, bass off or either die slow We all scholars when it's time to clean a dirty dollar Attack the boards, it's like a rotweiler [Method Man] Niggas comin out they shoes like they Usher These motherfuckers on the run, and they socks from The bounty hunter, Iron Lungster, rain and thunder Here come the lightning now I'm strikin' back at niggas bitin' Pushin' buttons just to step away from self-destruction Inch and a half away from touchin' somethin' Suckin' away from bustin' Yall brothers laugh now and cry later I rap from Alpha to Omega, sixty four to Sega Whoopin' that ass, walk you dogs through the lookin' glass Been burnin' MC's since cookin' class Makin' it hot like the summer in the crackspot With blacktops, my nickle slot, triple bar, hit the jackpot On each block, I'm the remedy, send them back to me After detock, shorty got knuckles in the Reebok Plus we got a problem with the Benz (What's the problem with the Benz) She want the six-hundred, but she aint got the ends Chorus [All] You better come with your best gun Niggas be holdin', it's all war no fun Niggas be bowlin', you niggas under pressure now My squads down for whatever with whoever now Let's get it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Killin' Fields Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {intro, some lady, whatEVA} {Method babbles for a bit about Wu affiliates} [Method Man] Shoes full of dirt, kickin sand on your works Somethin gotta hurt, catch a case off a verse Live in concert, kids comin out they shirts I'm hyped now, jumpin in the crowd, feet first Meant it when I said it, lungs bring the pain son without the anesthetic, make em look pathetic Needin help from paramedic, Hot with the Nickel Bust back take em witchu, survival of the fittest and the world out to get us, I feel it in my bones I can feel it in my testosterone when it's on Stat' bring it back, hard rap for your pussycat Cognac, off the meat rack, where the pussy at? Johnny, got these niggaz mad at they mommy Jumpin on my hard salami, say what you like In the heat of the night, I crash individuals Splash on the mic airtight with the lyrical Chorus: Nigga run with it, have fun with it Blow your gun with it, and be done with it Welcome to the killin field, where Johnny Dangerous Headbanger Boogie niggaz, goin through changes [Method Man] It all starts with the pad and pen, my special blend of herbs and spices on mic devices, murder men Make em mices I recommend, somethin that's priceless For you rap hooligans, claimin you nicest Call it what you like kid.. you can even call a psychic for all I care, still ain't got a prayer amonst the righteous, Blazini, cheat death like Houdini Word to Bad Bird that fucked nerds in bikinis Observer, lyrical flur's, you bein served from the gizzard, pluckin yo' nerves with nouns and verbs From the ghetto to the suburbs, I must be heard Niggaz get what niggaz deserve You can put that on my Clan logo, Wu-Tang group or solo Bloody up my next promo with the blood of the next bozo, clown-ass niggaz be loco Puffin on lye, cuckoo for cocoa Chorus [Method Man] Yo yo, shit be hot in the kettle pot Twisted metal bust shot til the beef settle, forget me not City nights get a nigga hype, scar of life Send em back now we Poltergeist, ghost, tell em who the number the one rap host? Huh? Verbal overdose leave em comatose, huh? The nigga with the golden throat is out to get you, Hot Nickel Bust back and take em witchu, eye for eye Never lie, crossin my heart, hopin you die Somebody pat the engineer down, I think he wired I'm off the meat rack, quick to react, my niggaz need that They need gats, cockin heat back, be out like Freejack The heat's on, you think one-eight, and Johnny's blamed Who that nigga burn biscuits, and spit flame Leave no witness, in the fast lane with shady bitches that only want me for my riches, I know your steez Terror Fabulous, caution, biohazardous degrees from this ravenous, MC's be yappin Meth be the co-captain, on Def Jam's that's close captioned for hearin impaired, to get a share, now what's happenin Money to share, that's why we here And y'all actin, like we can't eat, like y'all eat Now we scrappin, out in the street I know your crew's hardheaded motherfuckers and I'm just like you Chorus Welcome to the killin field, where Johnny Dangerous Headbanger Boogie niggaz, goin through changes I been in the ghetto all my life I swore to take that bitch for better or for worse, yaknowhatI'msayin? That's for life nigga y'know? Til death do us part.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Redman Album: Tical 2000: Judgment Day * Song: Big Dogs Typed by: mike@beaver.murtari.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * also appears on the Method Man and Redman album "Blackout!" 	Check it, check it out (8X in background) [E-Dub]	Uh-huh, yeah yeah.. ahh yeah word up [Meth]	Yo, yo-yo [E-Dub]	Uhh..  [Red]	Yo, yo, yo! [E-Dub]	Redman.. ahh yo, Iron Lung [Red]	Yo-yo-yo, yo.. 	Yo-yo, yo-yo [E-Dub]	Word, E-Dub uhh, word.. yo [Redman] Call us Guerillas of the Mist, raunchy vocalists (Your code name) Doc What's your name? (Hot Nix) (Who them slick kids puffin that shit holdin they dicks?) Yo them same two, drivin your whip, fuckin your bitch (Hold me down son!) Yo, I hold you down with the pound (You got a lot of BISCUITS?) Aiyyo but where they at now? [Method Man] Diggy down down we Resevoir Dogs, you puppy chow-chow Got my mittens on the kitten, lickin it now-now (Yo we bring the beef to you, infest it with the Mad Cow) Disease (we set to load) cocks and squeeze (Boo-yah!) We too hard to hold off (One arm slam ya like Nicoli Volkov) When I dip-dip-diva (diva) the anti-socializa (liza) Everything be ice cream, observe the frusen-gladje [Redman] We rock ya, knock ya fuckin whole team off the roster Starting lineup, Iron Lung (and Funk Doctor) 	"..funk with the Big Dogs" (4X) [Method Man] Johnny Blaze the Ghostrider (uhh) Ghost stories by the campfire (uhh) We night breed (VAM-PIRE!) Be duckin from the head rushin (uhh) Wu-Tang production (uhh) Percussions bringin repercussions (uhh) I hold my mike sideways BUSTIN Another one bites the dust and (uhh) cardiac arrest clutchin (uhh) your chest suckin (uhh) your last breath, M-R, period, Meth Niggaz, dyin from papercuts, BLEEDIN TO DEATH Down these mean streets Johnny Quest (uhh) From ASCAP to NASDAQ, get that money sack (uhh) These habitats ain't no place to raise a FAMILY AT These alley cats (ha) be at war with these dirty rats (uhh) So watch your back when you come to the slums There ain't nowhere to RUN from the Iron Lizard Lung (uhh) Phasers on stun - I be givin it to Son My plate spares no one, "Miuzi Weighs a Ton" [E-Dub]	Word up, Meth yo 	"..funk with the Big Dogs" (4X) [E-Dub]	Yeah, uh-huh, yeah 	Check it, check it out (2X) 	"..funk with the Big Dogs" [E-Dub]	Yeah Dynamic Duo, uhh [Redman] 'Pon cock, the Don Juan Doc Send crews back to the shoeshine box, connect the dots My description, black male, yellowed and mellow I make it hard for MC's to run neck and elbow with D-O, penal code, Deebo knows to duck when he hear the bike, wit the squeaky clutch Swallow this hard act to follow You could parachute off my slang and use my, rhymes to toggle I'm tense, so smooth I can't be fingerprinted I stomp harder in slow motion.. den, den-den-den Yo, fuck your applaud, bitches still rush me  like they rushed the store before Soul Train Awards Incorporate a law, whoever ain't raw get they hand chopped by Jamal with the Wu sword (whoooo-eeeee!) My crew specialize in, snakin your bitch Robbin you, while you on the floor, shakin and shit I'm doin me now do you (Yo, who you?) Doc I bomb shit til the Conflict's Crucial, I be the black "El Nino," I mean yo, I'm supreme like the team show witcha paid yo' cream fo' (To see us sit down?) Yo, nah we get the fuck up (And leave the one you wit) Then take her from Usher That's right, six-double-oh with chrome pipes U.S. Marshal's, out to pen us up like Snipes (Throw it in drive) Fuck takin me and Meth alive! (Aiyyo you lick that a-way) You lick out the other side! [E-Dub]	Ohh, yeah yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ D'Angelo Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Break Ups 2 Make Ups Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] You and I, 'til the day we die.. (day we die..) Yo, yo Ex-girlfriend, how you been? I see you still tryin to fuck with other women men, remember when I first met you in my cousin's house, a week later we was fuckin on your momma couch, now it's been said that big girls they don't cry, but they damn sure lie Look you in the eye, sayin you they only You and I, til the day we die, said you'd never leave me lonely, fly tenderoni but you phony Shoulda listened when my momma told me, soon as I turn my back you try to fuck my homies, that was then this is now I got a new friend, ever since I cut them loose ends you wanna bone me Add strife to my life, pussy that'll make me think twice about leavin the wife even, picture that You ain't want me when you had me, now you on your third baby daddy, and you hate to see a nigga happy So you tryin mad ways to trap me, lookin at my girl nasty Tryin to throw the pussy at me "Now look at this bitch over here tryin to act like me" 	"Uh-huh, fuck that bitch, she what wifey leftover" [D'Angelo] I'm still lovin you babe (8X) [Method Man] Yo yo It's always you and your crusty ass crew, be actin new Let me find out that you fuckin with Boo, and y'all gon' feel it Waitin for the day that you front, and catch a lump from my black butterfly, that don't pack a lullaby Sleep on her, she said you bitches tried to creep on her in the mall and didn't know she had the reach on her Pearl-handled twenty-two, my Boo She go ahead and walk her dogs, and represent Wu to the fullest, you and hon can shoot the fair one I'll bring the bullets, knowhatI'msayin? Stop playin You and them dyke lookin bitches Actin like y'all jumpin somethin, go 'head with that bullshit [D'Angelo] I'm still in love with babe (8X) [Method Man] Got tired of the games, the lies, the feeble alibis Now you fuckin with the next guy, a Thug Nigga Derelict be actin bugged nigga, show this nigga mad love but get no love nigga?? Stupid ass Plus I heard that he be beatin on you, I seen him at the club cheatin on you, witcha best friend, got you stressin And used up, pull your shoes up, all you need's affection but you're headed in the wrong direction Tryin to make this nigga jealous, with other fellas All up in my face actin overzealous Like you want somethin from Meth, I hope it ain't love girl Cause I ain't got none left for you, plus you miserable Misery Love Company, shit I'm livin comfortably, don't need no nigga huntin me down for fuckin round, with his kitty Talk to him, before my brother put a spark through him Won't be pretty, the situation got my whole attitude shitty And got you actin high saditty with your slut committee You know I know; so go find another sucker yo, I been there and been done that befo', and don't need it no mo' That's, my, word! So go to your own with that there, word up and tell that bighead nigga you run with that you was insane [D'Angelo] I'm still in love with babe (8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 2000: Judgement Day Song: Judgement Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash First.. there was the collapse of civilization Anarchy, genocide, starvation Then.. when it seemed like shit couldn't get any more fucked up We got The Plague The Living Death Closing his icy grip around the whole planet Then the rumors started The last hardcore MC's.. were working on a cure .. that would END the pestilence.. why? I like the death I *LIKE* the misery I LIKE THIS WORLD!!!!! Space, The Final Frontier These are the voy-voy-voyages of the Starship TICAL As I walk in the shadow of death Sixteen men on a dead man's chest Your host this evening for H-O-T N-I-X, you get splashed with the Tec Nobody go, til the God say so You got a second or mo', to run for the do' Before I blow back off the map, contact You didn't know Stat' could get down like that Who want them test rocket launcher, YES Mr. Meth, hold the fort, most def' Kids is dead wrong, song's too long Get swung on, can't we all get along? See my pinkie, see my thumb See that kid with the pump shot gun? Bust your gums, leave your whole shit numb Mmmm now what's this? Smell like fish Mr. Big Mouth, the gat be trout You need to douche out your style no doubt Johnny struck through the Shaolin slum PRUM PRUM PRUM on my Shaolin drum Niggaz don't dare, to step in the square Kids ain't playin over here, PLAYA Only one way, and that's my way Grim Reaper callin, Judgement Day (10) Ten let the countdown begin  (9) I was born in the mind (8) Take the head of a snake (7) Behold Armaggedeon (6) Ain't no love for the rich (5) Only strong will survive (4) Cause we live by the sword (3) Plus sixty degrees (2) For the black and the blue (1) For the sun.. step into millenium The name of this one is Judgement Day No more BS, can't come out and play Don't blame me, blame society Type of chemistry for a live MC Hands in the air like you just don't care You all get a share, there's a party over here Year two-thousand, keep bouncin T-Minus, thirty seconds and countin New York's finest, still wildin, Shaolin At the full moon howlin Get Til It's Gone, killa bee kills Only time will reveal like the words in the song Cause love's what I feel for my crew, bust steel Niggaz don't got to pay my bills P.L.O. pack the slingshot flow Plant the seed, let the garden grow And stick that rhyme where the sun don't shine Darts pierce your heart like a Valentine Tis my Tale From the Crypt that's sick Bloodbath, body baths and shit U-F-C fightin championships G.I. Joe's with the Kung-Fu Grip Now you don't dare, to step in the square Kids ain't playin over here, PLAYA Only one way, and that's my way Grim Reaper callin, Judgement Day C'mon.. I said c'mon.. (10) Ten let the countdown begin  (9) I was born in the mind (8) Take the head of a snake (7) Behold Armaggedeon (6) Ain't no love for the rich (5) Only strong will survive (4) Cause we live by the sword (3) Plus sixty degrees (2) For the black and the blue (1) For the sun.. step into millenium As I walk in the shadow of death Sixteen men on a dead man's chest Your host this evening, Mr. H-O-T N-I-X, you get splashed with the Tec Nobody go, til the God say so You got a second or mo', to run for the do' Before I blow back off the map, contact You didn't know Stat' could get down like that Who want them test rocket launcher, YES Mr. Meth, hold the fort, most def' Kids is dead wrong, song's too long Get swung on, can't we all get along? See my pinkie, see my thumb See that kid with the pump shot gun? Bust your gums, leave your whole shit numb Mmmm now what's this? Smell like fish Mr. Big Mouth, the gat be trout You need to douche out your style no doubt Johnny struck through the Shaolin slum PRUM PRUM PRUM on my Shaolin drum Niggaz don't dare, to step in the square Kids ain't playin over here, PLAYA Only one way, and that's my way Grim Reaper callin, Judgement Day (10) Ten let the countdown begin  (9) I was born in the mind (8) Take the head of a snake (7) Behold Armaggedeon (6) Ain't no love for the rich (5) Only strong will survive (4) Cause we live by the sword (3) Plus sixty degrees (2) For the black and the blue (1) For the sun.. step into millenium 10.. 9.. 8.. 7.. 6.. 5.. 4.. 3.. 2.. 1.. Step into millenium Ten let the countdown begin  I was born in the mind Take the head of a snake Behold Armaggedeon Ain't no love for the rich Only strong will survive Cause we live by the sword Plus sixty degrees For the black and the blue For the sun..  Grim Reaper callin, Judgement Day The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ RZA Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Intro Typed by: Cno Evil [RZA] Tical: The Prequel What up, yo, this is the RZA AKA Ruler Zig Zag Zig Allah I wanna welcome ya'll to the Tical: The Prequel Starring Wu-Tang Brother #1, the M-E-T-H-O-D Man AKA Johnny Blaze, AKA Hot Nix, the Iron Lung Big John Studd, Johnny Storm, check it out, yo My brother Meth bout to take ya'll on some new And unexplored chambers of the Wu-Tang universe So I want all my nizzes, and all my wizzes To get a big bag of rizzes and greeneries and blizzes And sit back and Johnny Blaze take you on a ride to the other side Peace to the Wu-Tang family, ten years strong Forty million albums sold, platinum and gold And the sage continues... Yo, pass that blunt homey, gonna fuck these niggas up real quick [Method Man] Aight... let's do it... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man / Streetlife Album:  Tical 0: The Prequel Song:   The Prequel Typed by: imerese420@netscape.net (Method Man) I'm out... Once again, it's the super, pied piper Light your lighters for the future And I ain't talking about Mekhi Phifer Roll it if you got it people At last the Prequel And the eye ball Floral is back You'll find no equals Bang it in your loudest system Now who gunna diss him Usually it be the brokest niggas But this gunna fix em Let me get my 2 guns For rappers that can use help Now that Meth is back, you can tell me how my shoes felt Just like Shaq in them size 22's Except my games not a game And I don't play by any rules man Its time to build without a hardhat and goggles Even with a map I'm still a hard head to follow I thought you knew we do this everyday ok And I think marijuana is just nature's way of saying hi Only hydro buds, I get it crunk It's alright if that bitch don't smoke then get her drunk Now I pop a lot of shit, cause I can back it up (what) I got that fire, bitch, its hard to pass it up (what) While you'll was partying I been in the lab You want that dope, give me an hour Plus a pen and a pad (Streetlife) Aiiyo Meth what they look like (look like) 3rd LP nigga better be tight (be tight) Don't forget where you come from, the hood life (hood life) Let them know from the door we ain't the shook type (shook type) (Method Man) I got that shit that keep your head bobbin Cause your neck know Meth yo, I'm trying to get that more dollars then crep flow for certain Before I put the paint, I put the work in And each person I catch slipping gunna need nursing Got these wanna-be gangstas, sleeping with they lights on Shook up by the python, everybody got they eyes on Not only is the streets watching, the streets is talking And word has it that these rappers don't come around at all Take it from the most stepped on, your wearing open toe sandals And I'm looking for some new toes to step on And one to build a rep on, you all got me fucked up My crew stick bitches like you, for acting stuck up Methods like that yall, when I return you know the good herb is back y'all Ladies desiring without further adieu let's keep it wu, and fuck keeping it real y'all Just keep it you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Say What Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Missy Elliott (Method Man)] Yeah! This-this-this-this This is an exclusive (let's go) Mr. Meth, you're so Def, you put them other M.C.'s out to rest (that's right) And they test (uh-huh), but they forget (yeah) how the M-E-F is so Def (let's go) [Method Man] Yo, uh, come on, come on, now Big Meth attack soon as the track come on now Zone out, with Sean Combs and bizzy-bone out (I see you in the club) And by one, I'm gettin' thrown out Mami, got her toes out, ain't one army can Blaze Johnny Like Gwen Stafani, you know there's No Doubt I'm trill, sick with it, it's like ill That's the only way to explain these mic skills On Homicide Hill, anybody asks is real The more steel, the more bodybags to fill Can I get, hit of that hydro, nigga I tried to quit puffin' before, but I'm no quitter If honey show me her buns, I'll show her my ones If the bed rockin', keep knockin' and I'mma cum Want some, take some, I get it crunk Speak junk, I'll slow up your road with speed bumps [Chorus: Missy Elliott w/ P. Diddy doing ad-libs] When they play this in the club (say what?) Go and tell that nigga, bump that (say what?) Throw your hands up, like nigga, what? (say what?) Ya'll don't really really want that (say what?) And for whatever muthafucka, don't like it (say what?) Tell that sucka he can get back (say what?) Misdemeanor and Meth in your area (say what?) Are ya'll ready? Come on, play it back (saw what?) [Method Man] You wanna front, what? Step up and get bucked And if your feelin' lucky, duck, then press ya'll luck Ya'll got me effed up, over tracks overreact Once I start, like a bullet, ain't no holdin' me back I'm all that and two mac's, ya'll fakin' jacks When I cock back like Busta Bust and make 'em clap Here I go again, who blow in like whirlwinds Who kiss girlfriends, that kiss they girlfriends Got to get it, and when I'm gone Ya'll bury me with chrome, and tell hell I'm comin' home I'm poison, see my skull and crossbones Got aim like them kids in Iraq who toss stones And I got drugs in my system, we thugs in the system That put slugs in victims, Mr. M-E to F, bomb threat As long as I ain't no game, there's no contest [Method Man] Ticallion is phatter than your fattest chrome chain I guess that should explain why I given the dope name Ain't nothin' free, everything got a fee How the fuck you got a car and ain't got a pot to pee? I'ma grown man, so I do grown man things Why take half, when I can have this whole damn thing? It's Meth, baby, drop top, navy Mercedes I'm number one like P.E. or Tracy McGrady It's all good, everything I spit, all hood And if ya'll gave me one wish, niggaz, I wish ya'll would Who John Blaze? Uh, when ya'll gon' learn huh When I burn son, stick a fork in him he's done And ladies love to play, like Ladies Love Cool J For the right CREAM, the'll do anything you say She Ice Cream, I'm caked up with icing Mr. Sandman, come on, bring her a pipe dream [Outro: P. Diddy] Let's work... come on Def Jam! Mr. Meth, Missy, Bad Boy Hitmen baby, let's work, come on Let's work, come on, yeah Uh, let's work... aiyo pass that nigga Joe Hooker, I see you, let's work, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: What's Happenin' Typed by: Cno Evil, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Busta Rhymes (Method Man)] Aiyo, Tical? (What up, fam?) You know Busta-Bust had to come see you, God, it's good to see you God (Good too see you too, God) Let's take the streets for a little ride (Okay, we ridin high) Yeah, you better light your L, smoke your L and just (kiss the sky) Huh! And if you ever disrespect the Bust or Meth (find them a die) Yeah, I-I-I think the streets been lookin' for this one for a long time (Yeah, aiyo) Come on! [Method Man] I came to bring the pain, more hard to the brain Tical... I'm bustin that ass again I burn like acid rain, that acid slang These niggaz tryin see how I come ash again Made it evident, I'm huntin, yes, Meth for president Be in hell with gasoline drawers just for the hell of it And I ain't yellow kid, flows hot as kettle get Now if you ain't fuckin with that, you must be celibate Spaz! Just a little, got a sack lookin fizzle Little hash in the middle, where it at? In the middle, yup Mommy if you got a fat ass, make it jiggle, yup Put it in my next video shot by Little X And M-E-F gon' work 'til their ain't any left I'm tryin to get what I'm worth and not a penny less Think fast (come on) bank cash (come on) Everybody do it wit'cha stank ass (just come on) [Chorus: Method Man] + (Busta Rhymes) Make you rob somebody (what?) grab somebody (what?) Stomp somebody (what?) slap somebody (what?) Make you wanna step to the bar and sip Bacardi (what?) Wild out, spaz in the club, we in the party (what?) Brooklyn (come on!) Shaolin (come on!) Queensbridge down to Long Island (come on!) Bronx, nigga (come on!) Manhattan (come on!) To each and every hood what's happenin? (come on!) [Interlude: Method Man] + (Busta Rhymes) Yeah... let 'em talk, nigga, come on Bust (Aiyo, Meth, let me get at these niggaz) Yeah! [Busta Rhymes] Now watch me back your shit up, I hope your people pull up and pick up and pack your shit up, homey it's time to move While I'm seein right through you let me relieve you all of your fantasies you screamin never believin you niggaz (c'mon!) Go head and babble you can watch me patiently waiting Aimin, attackin, instead I'mma let one of my bitches slap you I invite you and your niggaz to try and feel the wrath of the unruly unawakening of a sleeping giant (Very defiant) Once I give you the pressure And then I apply it and then your breathin is stopped and totally quiet (Shhh) Captain of this ship, so call me the pilot I leave you and your crew to collide with me then I STOMP ON A NIGGA, just like a herd of a thousand cattle that'll travel over your face and frazzle your shit Charlie Horse worse than a brick and then we torturin you And then get the reverend, and get to steppin, nigga! This shit'll make you [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] [Interlude: Method Man] + (Busta Rhymes) Haha, that's the truth... my nigga (Nigga, listen, listen, let me talk) Let me talk! (huh) [Busta Rhymes] (Method Man) {both} Can't you see what I got for you now? (Shake your big fat ass in front of me now) To all my high bidders (to all my live niggaz) {We here to blackout, follow the story now Just feel my heat, and you know I'm gonna Just keep the street, but nigga did you know when you 'bout to lose it, my nigga And you know we gon' get real stupid, my nigga} [Busta Rhymes] See the police coming (what?) Fireman coming (what?) Street niggaz ready to riot and start dumbin (what?) I love to see it whenever you and your man frontin' (what?) Me and Meth'll step to you QUICK! And smash somethin' (what?) [Method Man] Now who is he? Dope MC killin these cowards Wack niggaz get pimp slapped, give me some powder Click-clack, one in your back, now think about it Get back, runnin your yap, I can't allow it! [Busta Rhymes] Well yeah my nigga (set it off) you know we seein it through God The streets be needin niggaz like me and you God (AIYYO!) I think what I'm seein from here we got 'em whylin yo Logical, we should've did this shit a long time ago [Method Man] I got that shit that make rappers shit in they shoes Nasty MC, I spit flows and spit in they food Man don't tempt me, I'm nuttin like a curious child I'm simply a +Boy in the Hood+ with +Furious Styles+ (This shit'll make you) [Outro: Method Man] + (Busta Rhymes) Every day, every rotation, come with it! (Let me talk... come on, hah) (Aiyo God) Yeah, lord? (Flipmode/Wu-Tang, nigga, ain't that some shit?) That's some shit, actually truthfully, Busta Bust! (Meth Tical!) Yeah... (yeah, let me know when you wanna do that again, God) Shit we can do itt right now Shout out to New Jersey, hahaha, yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: The Motto Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Yo... aww shhhhhhiiiiiiit! [Hook: Method Man] My niggaz, how we do it? You know it like a poet, baby doll Break through it, you know it like a poet, baby doll I spit, chew it, you know it like a poet, baby doll Get in the music, you know it like a poet, baby doll [Method Man] If you don't know, you better, ask somebody who I be On land, air, or sea, I don't need No I.D Once again, let's get under their skins like I.V.'s Or Roman numerals fours (IV's) who we doin' the score I got a shoe in the door, nothin' new anymore Ya'll got love for me? I got love for you and yours Tical Part 0, my friend, rappers is fightin' Like Tyson, when nothin' else work I'll start bitin' My shit, and his shit, I'm hopin' it end I live my life like a lotto ticket, hopin' it win Purple haze got me chokin' again, open again I'm what's crackin', like your mamma smokin' again [Chorus: Method Man] If you see a model, then you might see me follow Rubbin' her thighs like Aladdin rub the Genie bottle Back for another swallow, Method, you know my motto: "Ya'll might just win today, but I'll be back tomorrow" [Method Man] Ya'll tryin' to get me started Who on the short yellow bus tryin' to get retarded? Kid don't be the artist, formerly known as artist Jump off a skyscraper, the roof who hit the hardest Where the bastards at and where they habitats? I send they asses back to foldin' sweaters at the Gap I like Nikes, food spicy, I'm a Pisces That's why women love me and any nigga that's like me Thoroughbread, I'm with gettin' this dough instead Need a ho, like I need another hole in the head Lord help me, I'm crackin' the safe, pocket like 'Face Mighty Healthy, you know I'm the shit, soon as you smelt me [Method Man] For what it's worth, the early bird sit at the table and eat first My niggaz need work, mami buggin', rippin' my t-shirt We can kick it until our feet hurt Mothers warn your daughters 'bout this tall drink of water Spoiler, waiter give her anything she order on the menu Method Man, live at your venue Smokin' it, jumpin' off the dick, like he mental Kid, I got a murder rap, and my head is simple Open up the pussy, put the lead in the pencils And people sayin' Wu gon' break up, ya'll We got y'all numbers, it's time ya'll got your wake up calls, and.. [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Kon Artis, Redman, Snoop Dogg Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: We Some Dogs  Typed by: imerese420@netscape.net [Chorus: Kon Artis - repeat 2X] If I'm a dog, then we some dogs We all gunna chase cats, tell them dog Girl don't waste that swallow it all  We just some dogs, we just some dogs [Method Man] By any means necessary, it's on Bitch, your fucking with a dog, all I wanna do is bury some bones Take a piss on a tree and I'm gone, girlfriend don't get it wrong I hate to be the one to shit on your lawn, but I ain't got my dog license I ain't nothing nice, and I ain't never met a piece of pussy I ain't liking Sugar and spicing, kicked up with ice and, you can do anything with these hoes Except housewife them, like snoop said "it ain't nothing but a G thing"  Got a bitch in my bed, in nothing but a g-string, so peep game Who the lucky female to taste these, snips and snails and puppy dog tails huh? You're messing with me, I'm messing with you, I'm a dog trick I chase cats like Peppy La Pu, dead on shit My life's like a Holiday Inn, if my girl act up I'm gunna fuck her friend, if I'm a what... [Redman] I'm a dog motherfucker, I walk on all fours Find where you live at, shit on your porch, Redman is hungry Don't leave the food out, I'm pumped like a Pamela Anderson boob job Straight up bulldog, mixed with a Shizhsu cause I bullshit, party a little bit Swim with the shark, you're bound to drown My weed is like green, and yours brown The doctor the dog, from Cali to Georgia When cats meow with noting on top they halter I don't have Yemen that laugh when I laugh We some dogs, we can kiss our own ass Like a golden retriever, retrieving the chronic The dose nose bitch, and no need to hide it - Redman a flirt Always get my nuts stuck to the porch, like the dog on Joe Dirt [Chorus][2x] [Snoop Dogg] Fish don't fry in the kitchen, bitch don't climb, keep bitching Beans don't burn on the grill, 3, 4, 5 with the pimping, hoes get your pimps permission Now pay attention, the big D-O double to the G-O to the liquor store to crack a hoe and get some VO (VO) And mix it with some pena colidino then slip it on the bitch then I dip with all her c-notes Scandalous, yep bitch cause we know every pretty hoe always down to pull a d-low On me? No, so there wont be no shaking me down, breaking me down, here we go You know I'm just oh so slick the way you chew that bubble gum, the way you sucking a dick And I can tell, that you a freak I wanna stick some dick up in you can I skeet, skeet Don't you know why? [Chorus] [Repeating till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Raekwon Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: The Turn Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com "Everywhere I turn, I see, your face..." [Intro: Raekwon] Yeah, ah, yeah, yo, yo, yeah Yeah, motivate, motivate, from the gate, ya'll Yeah, aiyo, aiyo, aiyo [Raekwon] And we the Gods, still tear the whole hood apart Darts that'll splatter through faces, taste niggaz hearts I'm intellectual, plus professional And Walbaums to vegetables Shit is right here, like buyin' fly gear Dare any white man or fan nigga, ran through niggaz Blew shotties in niggaz lobbies, the grand RZA We left, the radio broke, I yoke my vocals, hittin' green smoke Allah Math', show me when the needle broke Numb the whole crowd up, stupid ass Loud fouled up Never knew what they had, now they proud of us Picture my vision, precision, lines jumpin' out of commission Divine got me, nigga, the boss, he pop me Rae, we gotta generate, lord, I feel the Ditech, the mildew Buy jets and vehicles, steal a little Wrap up the whole rap government [Method Man] Go head, ya'll floss wit it Walk wit, I slap your boss wit it Navy blue, New York fitted, I'm cold frost bitted Two puffs and off wit it You smell the herb, 'fore I lit the spots its forfeit it Blocks is hot, feel the shot from fourth/fifth it With no regard for your boulevard, just the shit bag and bullet scar It's the Riddler, riddle me this, riddle me that Who the pretender? And who the door man that let them enter? The Wu-Tang, 36 Cham', what you smokin'? Got you in the game chokin', like Van Gundy coachin' Your street team, bunch of weaklings Don't ever let me catch your reachin' Respect when a grown man is speakin' Shh, keep on sleepin', and just like TLC, I keep on "creepin" The five percent of ya'll, keep on teachin' The heat seakin', missile official, that got issues Like Funk Doc got snot tissue, it's Hott Nikkels "Everywhere I turn, I see, your face, but you're never there" [Method Man] Shh... shit ain't over.. Okay, now, same shit, different day, grindin', gettin' paid Self at it, automatic, guns that spit and spray Gotta have it, ass grab it, time to slip and weight Godbody, House your Party, watch the Kid N Play Ya'll gon' make me go postal, up in this muthafucka house Full of bloodsuckers and hoes that love hustlers Roll that izza, pour me another kizza Bigga, to my nigga, so drunk they can't get up Shotguns through nose, hot ones through foes Let the herb spots run til the cops come, suppose I was just another stick in the mud, on a Saturday Thinkin', how I'mma get the fifth in the club See my crew thick, everyday I fights to prove it We comes undisputed, with batteries included Honey's "bee" like Meth, I be like what? They want some free cd's, I'm like "see these" nuts [Outro: Method Man] If ya'll muthafuckas gettin' high tonight, say all right, haha If ya'll muthafuckas gettin' drunk tonight, say all right, haha It be Tical, ok, haha, yeah, yeah, ok It be Tical, ok, haha, yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Chinky Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Tease Typed by: davey_78@ns.sympatico.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Method Man + Chinky] Uh huh...no ID It's another one right here... I love women Know why [why nigga?]... cause they love me back Come on, come on, come on, come on, [come on] yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Come on, come on, come on, come on, yeah, yeah, yo.. yo, yo [Verse 1 - Method Man] Now that I got you in the mood, it's way past time ya shook dude cause I'm the best thing since cooked food Holler at your frog, I'll be at the lily pad near the log and let me drop it off in them drawers Baby doll, hood ?bookers? with sugar walls that talk back to ya like, nigga you shoulda called Word, the kid got a thing for big curves might find him down on Sesame Street with big birds Big pimpin', all dames is all game so fine with her beautiful mind, she all brain A head docter, get it poppin' like Reddenbacher chicks call me gravel pit dick, the bed rocker Big John Studda, motherfuck who fuck mudda gots you covered like Magnum XL rubber Easy does ya, but we never love her ya down for the get down girls, go work at Dubya's.. ohhhh! [Hook - Chinky] Give me one reason to stop teasin', cause I know you got good sex for me, tell me what comes next for me Give me one reason to stop teasin', cause I know you got good sex for me, tell me what comes next for me [Verse 2 - Method Man] Hey ladies.. oh baby, ya all crazy and freaks for some grade A meat, it's all gravy From sun down to sun up, I stay on the bone like I'm creepin' on the come up, like [get it, got it, I'm gone] + Chinky Now I got hun, ridin' shotgun windows halfway down, cause she a hot one Love it when them chicks pop shit, and pop gum my team cuttin' but we ain't cuppin', finger fuckin' everything cluckin' Baby I'm frostbitten iceberg slim into black women when Three's Company ask pigeon who Jack trippin' Man listen, money slippin, it's honey dippin' and if she come up missin', don't worry she went pimpin' Ya gotta be, down with the cause before ya come down with the drawers, how many of y'all down with ménage Let's make this understood, if it's 3 am and all to the good it don't matter if she hood or she's hollywood... ohhhh! [Hook - Chinky] (repeat 2x) Give me one reason to stop teasin', cause I know you got good sex for me, tell me what comes next for me Give me one reason to stop teasin', cause I know you got good sex for me, tell me what comes next for me [Interlude - Chinky + Meth] What do you expect from me (uh huh, uh huh) I know of those promises, of love & affection (come on, steady good ma) There's something about you, that's got me going (uh huh, uh huh) But is it worth not knowing if you're gonna be around (now, now) [Verse 3 - Method Man] Who the fuck is your daddy, and who your king girl are you unhappily married, don't see no wind girl Soul sister, can't get ya ta hail witch-ya at the players ball, Cinderella lost her Chanel slipper Now that's flavor neighbor, shake what ya momma gave ya twist dick and move like Layla, call you mañana later I love the misbehavior, no minor, miss ya major no finer chick can ?flage-ya? God bless the bitch who made ya [Hook - Chinky] Give me one reason to stop teasin', cause I know you got good sex for me, tell me what comes next for me Give me one reason to stop teasin', cause I know you got good sex for me, tell me what comes next for me [Outro - Meth + Chinky] Haha, yeah, yeah, the ladies love Big Johnsta Yeah, get it right, don't get it fucked up Big dick daddy, ride the big sick Caddy All I need now is a chick with a big thick phattie Now go back to doing whatchu was doin, when you was doin' it - gone Gimme one reason, gimme one reason, gimme one reason Gimme one reason, gimme one reason, tell me what comes next for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ludacris Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Rodeo Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Yeah... yeah (come on ride in my rodeo, come on ride in my rodeo) This one of another one of them nasty M-E-F joints, come on, come on Come on (come on ride in my rodeo, come on ride in my rodeo) [Method Man] To all the chicks with they asses thick Out the whole click, she the baddest bitch Dose-doh, round your partner, switch Clan in Da Front, we be starting shit No don't trip, dog, spark 'em, quick Holla when a real nigga talkin', trick We got grip, but we ain't spendin' shit You and your friends, stop pretendin' trip [Ludacris] Let a nigga get nut pushed, better yet let a nigga get some head I work 'em, work 'em or feed 'em, burp 'em, then jerk 'em, instead I get my nuts pushed, on the bottom to the top of your gums I feel your slurpin', slurpin, I'm skeetin' and squirtin' your tongue And I got about 5 grand, but I won't be spendin' a dime See cuz overspendin's a crime and I can't be spendin' my time If you get your guts pushed, could be of cuz Luda and Meth Could be of cuz we do it best, could be of cuz we screw 'em to death [Chorus: Method Man (Ludacris)] Come up out of them dirty clothes (bend on over and touch them toes) Uh-oh, we-oh, we-oh! (Come on and ride this rodeo) (Meth & Luda we lock and load) Round your partner, now dose-doh Uh-oh, we-oh, we-oh! (Come on and ride this rodeo) [Ludacris] I wonder where about five bottles of gin, models that wanna swallow And wobble, gobble again, tell a couple of friends I slap that ass, bitch, take a look and see what you got in Cuz I've been schemin' and plottin', to have you breathin' and stoppin' [Method Man] What we talkin' bout? Pussy poppin', car hoppin' women See 'em watchin', clockin', pigeons Flockin' Luda they jockin', lightin' buddha, and boots is rockin' Nameless hoes, take 'em brainless with painted toes Famous, she code, twerkin' pussy, hurtin', workin' that pose [Ludacris] They wanna raise that pussy tab, price and position Enticin' these women, given the proper juice Life that they livin', hope that they double deuce Shifted ass cheeks, last week and Ludacris is backseat Afraid so, ask son, taste them [Method Man] Now watch me, dog 'em, freak 'em Out every weekend, she puttin' APB's on my dick I keep on bettin' and breathin', where's my pants, I'm leavin' I'm speakin' facts, mamies creepin' and they cheatin' They even sleepin' with mats, some be eatin' that cat I'm teasin', indecent expose, Method be tweakin' Keep pussies leakin' through pantyhoes, marijuana smell on my clothes This evening, these bunnies got me on swoll, I bust and reload Honey, break out the 'dro and give me some mo', on the rodeo [Chorus w/ Luda & Meth switching lines] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Kardinal Offishall Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Baby Come On Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Uh.. that's right, oh yeah Back with some nasty shit, right there Nasty, nasty, girl, nasty girl, baby come on Think you a nasty girl, yea [Method Man] Pretty young thing like to bone And she hate to spend her nights alone, baby doll you in the zone Why not call me on the phone, and invite me home Come on, now, baby, come on-on Know what I mean, take a real queen to fuck with me Trustin' me, and give it up for free Next time, feel free to hit me up, anything you wanna puff a tree Come on, now, baby, come on-on We'll shake me up, stop stallin', what you waitin' for? You know we both ain't got no place to go So roll it up, and lay low Everytime I say, yes, baby, you say no Come on, now, baby, come on-on Now-now, now-now-now, you don't have to stay It's ok, there's the dough, you can walk away, why make we wait Til tomorrow, when you can break me off today Come on, now, baby, come on-on [Chorus: Kardinal Offishall] Yeah! Gal dem we love, and gal we need She crush up me things and light me weed We see dem shotgun, and watch me speed Me need a pringy one or pon we need it Gal dem we *ugh*, and gal we screw When we need the girl, up one night po' half me crew And lick on my collection, and what to do Me need a nasty girl, it could be you, eh! [Method Man] I won't lie, I love P-U-S-S-Y, (why?) Cuz I never let it walk on by, or any slice of the american pie Come on, now, baby, come on-on Girlfriend, you know it's half past two A.M You got a friend, but you ain't really trynna fuck with him Aight, then, hit up Batty, I'll gladly come and tuck you in Come on, now, baby, come on-on Scream at your frog, all's fair, love & basketball She remind me of this chick that used to fuck with Dirty Bastard, ya'll Heard that she could suck a ball through a plastic straw Come on, now, baby, come on-on Know what I'm sayin', kid, she get it poppin' off and half the time A little, candlelight, a little glass of wine I'm thinkin', another drink and that ass is mine Come on, now, baby, come on-on [Method Man] If you girl come knockin' at my door, it's my duty To give her what she came here for I'm try'nna knock it down, but I ain't try'nna claim that dough Come on, now, baby, come on-on That's what's up, start the fire, Buddha, light things up The only nigga puttin' ends on some rims for his ice cream truck Pick a flavor, I'll come and scoop your whole team up Come on, now, baby, come on-on That's how it be, don't trip, but girl you put a hurtin' on me Oh shit, hope other chicks don't take it personally But ma, you killin' her, murder in the first degree Come on, now, baby, come on-on Okay, okay, can the ladies come out and play with Mr. Meth I ain't trynna take you out your way Why break me off tomorrow, when you can break me off today Come on, now... [Outro: Method Man] Me need a nasty girl, it could be you, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh Big up to, super producer, Fafu, one love to Kardinal Offishall And the whole T-Dot, oh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Shawnna, Streetlife Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Who Ya Rollin Wit Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Uh... what's really good? Yo, yo, yo.. [Method Man] It's the unstoppable, over come any obstacle Ya'll know my flavor, pack more punch than Tropical Any mission possible, do what I gots to do Labels gettin' butterfingers, and next they droppin' you You think you know, but you have no idea The Diary of a Meth Man, what's this I hear? Somebody told ya'll, steppin' in shit was good luck? I got the hood stuck, chh-chh, now give the goods up Ya'll done pushed up, past the point of no return It's Meth's turn, so roll that shit up and let's burn I heard Philly got the best 'scherm, out in Cali, they got the best perms Now that we know, when will the rest learn? Come on, each one, teach one, hear no evil, and I don't speak none Everything cool until that heat come Just call my name, and I'll be there Ya'll kids is slum, like the jewelry in Albi Square [Chorus: Streetlife (Shawnna)] We drinkin' Henny til we flip, poppin' bottles til we sick All ya'll haters eat a dick (yeah, uh) Let's throw a party in this bitch, all my niggaz and my chicks Tell me who ya'll rollin' with (yeah) [Hook 2X: Streetlife (Method Man)] Method spits fire (Fire!) The roof's on (Fire!) My crew's on (Fire!) [Streetlife] M-E-T, H-O-D.. [Method Man] Man, I'm in the house like foreclosures Talk sober, until some dog gets forced over New York soldiers, be at ease, fall back Never ever, I'm the New Era, like ball caps Kid, whenever, whoever, whatever, ya'll want it Ya'll can have it, the problem and answer, I'm all that While we at it, let's tighten up our grips around that cabbage Silly rabbit, how many kid's done tricked you on your carrots The product of a bad package, like Bishop Don Juan it's Magic How I break 'em like a bad habit, hit tracks like it's target practice Then let these darts take a stab at it Niggaz ain't got it, ain't never had it I jam like L.A. traffic, Jellyroll behind the wheel And the passenger seat behind the field It's your boy, physically fit, mentally sick Get dirty money, told you honey, I'm filthy rich [Hook 2X w/o "fire" the second time] [Interlude: Method Man] Yeah, ya'll niggaz don't know it's a game Until it starts again, let's do it, haha! [Method Man] Six minutes, Method Man, you're on If you thinkin' you gon' slip and be alright, you're wrong You can see me lightin' the bong, while writin' the songs That the crowd, is either singin' to or fightin' along, fightin' along I'm try'nna tell you drugs is not your friends And girlfriend, don't try and front like you got your friend I'm at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn And my chick's a man-eater, she be swallowin' men Aight, live from New York, it's Saturday night I got pipes that drain your confidence, and battery light Aight, mami tight, but she ain't really my type If ya'll don't see me treat her right, then she ain't really my wife When I was young, I was stayin' in school, obeyin' rules Play with my food, what makes you think I'm playin' with you? This is it, ya'll better come on in, the water's fine Jump on in, let's do it to 'em one more 'gain [Hook 2X] [Outro: Method Man] Yeah, Ladies Love Big John Studd No doubt, dick up in your mouth We do this shit everyday, I'm in the cut With my main shit stain, Ray-Ray Gutter Butt And we holdin' it down for the whole Staten Island, man Nothin' else but Staten Island, man Ya'll stand up, man, Stapleton, the Wild West, Park Hill Port Richmond, Now Born, Jungle Nilz, hah... Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ E3, Saukrates Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Never Hold Back Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man (Dooney Boy) {Pinky Phat Phat}] Cool, okay, I'mma let ya'll take it on your own right now Why don't you do me a favor (What?) {What?} Tell me a joke (why did the chicken cross the road?) {To get five dollars from her baby daddy!} Eheheheh (hahahahahah) you got that? {eheheh} We gon' roll with that right there, aight then -- beat drops -- Gilla House, muthafucka, Gilla House Gilla House, muthafucka, Gilla House! Yeah, another Def Jam, where we don't make stars We just sign 'em, uh-huh, that's what's up, Big Sox [Method Man] I'm on the grind... (can't wait to shine) Fuck that, I pull your blinds, catch you f'ing with mines, no go 'head I got no time (hate to be wastin' time), muthafucka know the name And know that I ain't feelin' ya'll lames, like novacaine Ain't no way you can (stop the train) or the conductor Of the track, muthafucka, that's E3, my love for the game (it's just not the same) Unless it's Gilla House, and Wu-Tang Clan, in the house, cop them thangs Live together and (pop the chain), know your lane Fuck cocaine, stick up, bout to blow your brains off the map The (Flame is back), it's the amazing J. Blazin' grapes of wrath turn to raisin What part of the (game is that), we not playin' Ya'll try'nna raise the price at the door, we not payin' So watcha (watcha want?) You kids are slum And son got knuckles in his Air Force One's, come on [Chorus: Saukrates (E3)] Niggaz never seen it this raw (but nothing's gonna hold me back) Keep the heat up by the big dog (but I don't wanna hold you back) Nigga gotta get this dough (I just wanna live my life) Nigga gotta get this dough (Live your life) [Method Man] Yo, yo, on the air (thought you dead?) But I returned To give you what you waited four years, now to burn Hold your head (and know your ledge) your life flash by Hey, kid, walk straight, master your high Method Man (Method Man, Man) Whoa, like Black Rob, go Catch me in the West Wing, I might "Rob Lowe" Yes, I can (yes, I can can) tap your jaw And tell whatever chick that I'm with, slap your broad This is it, (I'm stuck with ya'll) and ya'll stuck with me In the lap of luxury, where the hell's cut for free And the kid (can't fuck with ya'll) Til I got a tree On some new property, at my new pot to pee, have mercy (Mercy me) Things ain't what they used to Soon as you get your shot on the top, somebody shoot ya These rhymes (ain't nursery) Life's a bitch Then you go to court, and she take half your shit, come on! [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Method Man] My, life, your life, yeah, Mr. Meth, Big John Studd, yo Ya'll know how I do it, screw it, all day, everyday You know what I'm sayin'? Stinkin', drinkin' and fightin' crime Staten Island, stand up, we in the muthafuckin' house Come on! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: The Show Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: sample] "Wanna see the world, ain't scared to do it Even if, your shocked by it Me and you, lost when you do it By myself, better off bein' you" [Intro: Method Man] Smoke cess nigga, smokin' that A.K Norther lights, yeah.. stick 'em! Uh, ahhh, baby, you know it like a poet, baby doll Yeah, yeah, crooked letter in, uh uh, S.I., better known as the crooked letter I Come on! Self Service [Method Man] Y'all know me since '93, now let that weed burn Back in this bitch, class dismissed, it's the return Of the super sperm, game over, lose a turn Takes a germ to kill a germ, when will y'all killas learn Your only as good as your last hit Soon as you put them automatics on safety that's it I calm them bastards, I call them ratchets Till you blasted, till y'all come ashes to ashes We make classic, huh, bring you a rougher sound You either up or down, don't get that ass kicked Ya'll niggaz fuck around, y'all only tough around The crowds, scared to bust a round, don't get that ass kicked What part of the game is this? I came to break bread, evidently y'all killas came to bitch, nigga So, whose the whipped nigga, don't even trip, nigga Some say they pull trigga, I think they bullshitter I just begun to fight, if mommy like daddy talk Then daddy might get him some tonight Give me, my limelight, give me, my five mics Give me, some weed and a light to get my mind right Is he, the illest M.C., to ever play the tough city To find out it'll cost you bout a buck fifty Across your face swiftly, my after taste shitty Whose built by New Yitty, whose milked like two titties And I ain't even got to say my name I got this duck wit her legs up like, "say my name, trick" You think it's all a game, like pussy all the same I'm speakin' toilet slang, not seakin' hall of fame It's raw, sushi, stain in your drawers, dooky Quarter a Lucy, quarter more for a groupie That like to pop snoopy, think she gon' pop coochie Just cuz you got Gucci, don't mean you not hoochie Girl, I tell it like a T-I-N Ain't no other kids eatin' till I feed my kids Trick, oh, you ain't crushin', sister, I can't do nothin' wit you My money's celebate, honey, and we ain't fuckin' wit you I do it for the nookie, some say I'm too pushy Only thing better than pussy, that's some new pussy There that go, looky, it's gettin' ugly even With niggaz so broke, they couldn't spend a lovely even [Outro: Method Man] Yeah, that's it Yeah, Method Man has just left the muthafuckin' building The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Act Right Typed by: McCagg72@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist "Yeah, that's right everybody get some act right" Awww shit! Ya know the name Who flip flows like chessboards, there go the games I'm drugs to the brain Even on the 14th of February I ain't got no love for Elaine Back doin' my thang, right Livin' the fast life Bitch grab a seat at the bar, get you some act right If that don't do it then rock, lets bring it back like "Damn right everybody get some act right" Ever since I came up, rappers done changed up Put your walking shoes back on and step your game up I'm getting through off the books, rock we banked up Y'all don't think my shit off the hook, then yall can hang on I'm like a king that's so fresh so clean I leave niggaz like black coffee, no cream Come inside the party fuck up the whole scene "That's right everybody get some act right" [Hook] Get up get up, ya know what we came here for What up what up, get your asses out on the floor Come on come on, I've been away for far too long Guess who's back and far too strong for ya niggaz (now) We feelin' good tonight, we hittin' 'dro like We gettin money and gettin' honeys that flow like My mic, my clothes, my life, my dough "Thats right everybody get some act right" Ya damned if you do, ya damned if you don't Step inside my Range and get blammed if you won't My Clan in the joint, man we got it locked Like whatever niggaz got in the bank, I got it stopped Y'all already know of my strength already growin' And this game many may come but few are chosen I don't usually do this, but keep the party going like "Damn right everybody get some act right" I get tips from BIG and Pac when they blastin' the heat If you's a rapper, don't ever ride the passenger seat One to grow on When up shit's creek, you get your roll on Boy I never stop, I go on, so on and so on Rappers can't fuck with me My career's like somebody put glue in your chair and now your stuck with me I don't use pick up lines, I guess I'm just picky "That's right everybody get some act right" [Hook] Extra extra read all about it Who shits they grounded, flies all around it My trees don't doubt it, they green as a salad All American Express I never leave home without it I'll never go pop, Meth Man I'm bout it Whenever I rock, the jam's over crowded I'm never gonna stop, the fans won't allow it "Damn right everybody get some act right" Yo, get it you got it, if you got it then good "There's a lot of rappers rappin' but not a lot of 'em could" I'm that boy in the hood that told Red Riding Hood There ain't nothin but wars in my neck of the woods So! Who's ready for MC Whoa What's beef? Beef is what I got teeth for I eat up everything on my plate then eat yours like "That's right everybody get some act right" [Hook] "Stand up! Staten Island, Lond Island get some act right Every borough, New Jersey get some act right Each state, west coast, east coast, dirty south, midwest get some act right If it ain't well, it ain't right If it ain't Meth, it ain't tight So on that note like this, everybody get some act right" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ghostface Killah Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Afterparty Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Damn... yo, yo [Method Man] Woke up in the morning, like ten A.M Walked passed the Listerine, went straight for the gin Osama Bin Laden on my chinny chin chin [Ghostface Killah] Yo, Meth, the mailman! [Method Man] Yo, Ghost, let him in! [Ghostface Killah] Will you sign, Mr. Ghostface, package for a friend, here Right by the X, my bad, here's a pen [Method Man] Gucci flip flops, I box my way to the kitchen My keys is missin', my trees is missin' No more parties, cuz Doc need to listen [Ghostface Killah] Cuz something in my closet, go look (he's a pissin') I cursed this bitch out, we be laid back [Method Man] Half a box of cereal gone, my milk's warm Mad strong, this is John John, pro and con phenomenon Stretch with a morning yawn, party 'til the break of dawn Ladies throw your faces on, sing it when the break come on [Chorus: Method Man (Ghostface Killah)] Each (meet) son (see) Boats (suites) dough (beats) No cat give you these, rap flow triple g's Meth, Ghost, Killa Beez, you know we ride [Ghostface Killah] Wu-Tang, the best rap group of all time Rush little shotgun, rest around nine Refrigerator, fish and sweets with no swine Dirty and Meth guest room with four dimes And U-G. had a master headache Him and Genius flew back from, Uganda black, gettin' that cake Where Divine at? Wine at Tell a DJ to rewind that, Killa killed it wit a blind back Dime sack, you know we blew that wit the cognac Them bowling ball lead head niggaz, we call them pawn yacks [Method Man] I say my girl, like to party all the time, Ghost Spend up my ends, every week, she always crime broke Thank God it's friday, I just got paid Feelin' good like I just got laid The next drink's on me, instead of, oh God, you think O.G White girls they comin' out, like they Pink on E So you better get the party started, we get it crunk regardless We got the 'dro and hypnotic, them kids is puffin' garbage Is where it's crackin' at, Street is you passin' that? Mami's is grabbin' ass, Johnny, I'm grabbin' back You know my habitat, you know my peoples If you wit me, where you at There ain't nothin' compared to that, come on! [Chorus: Method Man (Ghostface Killah)] Each (meet) son (see) Boats (suites) dough (beats) No flows ill as these, him and Ghost, nigga please Meth, Ghost, Killa Beez, you know we ride [Hook 2X: Method Man (Ghostface Killah)] I got me some Seagram's gin Everybody got they cup, but they ain't shit there (These cheap muthafuckas be grown ass men Tight muthafuckas finish your shit then they bounce off with them) Come back again, drunk off your gin And when they try to get you for they ends, that's no friend That's no friend, eh, eh [Outro: Method Man] Yeah, greedy muthafuckas, always wanna get high But never wanna buy, first one to come to the party Last one to leave, man, fuck all that Aiyo, Mr. Streetlife, tell 'em where we come from man.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Kon Artis, Streetlife Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Crooked Letter I Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Streetlife (Method Man)] Ooooh! We have returned Yeah, show you how to flow again (show you how to flow again) It's the rap rule again (hehehehe) Yo, yo.. [Streetlife] (Method Man) Street, Meth, we ride like A.C. and O.J. (y'all niggaz crazy!) I runs up on you in broad days, I'm a Loose Link I carry's the Heaterz, always Small timers, get left for dead in the hallways It's that ill breed, move in warp speed, follow my lead (Me and my Co-D's, about to O.D.) let me procede I'm that O.G., you're not in my league (you know my steez) I put the smackdown, on you killer clown M.C.'s [Method Man] (Streetlife) I rock for all my niggaz (I rock for all my niggaz) That's why I hurt to be here, okay, let me see here Stat' Land, crooked letter is I, we back, man Harder than a dick on viagra gettin' a lap dance Hittin' like a back hand (I slap y'all kids) As if we in a game of spades, and y'all renig' John Blaze, not the clothing, cuz some of that is slum (Son, I'm already knowin') cut they jeans mad young [Chorus 2X: Kon Artis] In the Crooked Letter I, it's do or die Shit, every man fights to stay alive In the Crooked Letter I, you should not try Meth Tical, Streetlife, Killa Bee, why.. [Method Man] (Streetlife) Stingy with my dough, even stingier with dojia' (Told y'all) You'll never go broke, long as I yo'ya Maintain your composure, or party over For stank bitches, who get it, twisted like yoga Holla for a dollar, yea, and y'all ain't gotta go home (But y'all gotta get the fuck outta here) Who stay "Lo" like Jennifer, won't see me a lot But when you see Vivica, tell her she a "Fox" [Streetlife] (Method Man) We rollin', big truck, sittin' on chrome (twistin' a bone) Talkin' to a bird on the bat phone Zonin', out the area, roamin' The closest you could come to my style, maybe, is clonin' The omen (I'm warnin' you now!) Niggaz is holdin' Run up, watch me put one up in your colon Chizzle town, thugs in the club, like chicks posin' Lambchop niggaz is sheep in wolf clothing [Chorus 2X] [Streetlife] (Method Man) Beware, danger, shoot off your flares Warn all your dogs (tell 'em we here) The Stat' (we don't bust our guns in the air) Never that, y'all don't come out til the coast is clear (Who you suppose to fear) Street, I fears no one You all thumbs, I probably murder you with your gun When I start lettin' off (niggaz is jettin' off) You straight chicken broth, we holes in your terrycloth [Method Man] Double O, 3, long time no see Who mind parts seas, and cause blind to see Some think this industry is just all rhyme and G Then he make it to the door, and he can't find the key Don't know what it be, to make y'all follow my lead Or make this pretty thing on her knees swallow my seed If rap wasn't rap no more, what would it be I don't know, I'd be zonin' sometime, must be the weed... that's that shit [Chorus to fade] [Outro: Streetlife (Method Man)] Yeah, Homicide Housing, Loose Linx Carlton Fisk, D.C., rest in peace To the Million Dollar Kid, Y (S.I., N.Y., 10304) Sick eyes, Size 7 Big Nut, what up (Big up to Denaun, good lookin' on the track, nigga Matter fact, I'mma call Staten Island the tri-borough, now on Cuz we'll "tri" any fuckin' thing) Homicide Housing.. (Fuck y'all) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Method Man f/) Black Ice Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Ridin' for Outro Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Black Ice] Three young cats strapped with gats decided to ride out one night The in-flight drug used to induce the hindsight was dust The moonlight was robust but they couldn't see the beauty in it Their duty in it was to carry out another senseless killin Senses and feelings distorted they boarded their vessel Nessel Discreet in crotches and underneath seats they tuck heat to complete the mission they had no decision in No longer do they use our light and dark used to create the vision in our towns but now they red and blue override our brown skin We've been conditioned to let off them rounds when we see another color rag or, hear another brother brag about what set he claimin Poverty, drugs and poor education should be the target but we won't stay gamin that We'll kill and maim another cat like there's no shame in that like there's fame in that We hang out them car windows and bust them slugs in the name of genocide in disguise, so we don't take blame for that But if there's honor amongst you thieves in life then what the fuck you hidin for? Recognize your deed to trife and decide what the fuck you ridin for The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Intro Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: sample] Make marijuana legal, make marijuana legal Make marijuana legal, make marijuana legal (well speak your mind then) Ok, I will, no one has the right to tell me what I can do with my own body What I can eat, drink or smoke, this is a free country And no one can take away my constitutional rights Hey man, can you put me on and I can say anything I want Is that what I need to do? (Yea) Then why isin't alcohol made illegal? Why isin't that While you drinking it, it hang on and disposes your liver Besides that, it's a habitat for alcohol Besides that, cigarettes are much worse than pot No one ever got killed by pot (you tell 'em, you tell 'em) God damn it, man, everything, you can get us anything you want (Anything you want, marijuana legal Make marijuana legal, what's so bad anyway What's so bad about feeling good? There's nothing wrong with blowing crack, yea!) [Method Man] Yo, stop, look & listen, guess who coming up? And y'all was dumb enough to think that Method's number's up Pockets so fat, they need a tummy tuck, you hungry fucks Can sum it up, I give my money up, spit at a honey Then split a honey Dutch, roll it up, can't roll with us If you can't hold your liquor, throw it up, y'all know what up See we them niggaz, ain't no hoe in us, the flow is nuts I'm off the meter, momma wished that I was off the reefer But, for now, I got this game up in the cobra clutch Plus, the silverback gorilla swigger, shot of Tequila to the gut Nigga, trust, I got that Killa up What y'all ain't feelin' us? Ain't feelin' ya When half ya niggaz posing similar, yea Ladies and gents, I think this game need a enema, yea It's "common sense", I Used 2 Love H.E.R., now they pimpin' her, yeah But if you Enter the Wu-Tang, you tripping Like somebody tied together your shoestring, now listen I'm the, real deal, come on, come back to get ya like bad karma Y'all niggaz is throwing rocks with glass armor Fuck the court system, pleading the fifth And if Def Jam is deaf, start reading my lips I'm cocky, possibly I got my reasons and shit They ain't built a man that can stop me from feeding my kids [Chorus: Method Man] And if you don't know where I'm coming from, never know where I be in Most likely, where ya start at'll be the place where you eating And anybody hating on him, hating on them That's right, anybody hating on him, hating on them, motherfuckers [Outro: Method Man] How could you ever say that I'm washed up When I'm the dirtiest thing in sight 4:21... The Day After The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Is It Me Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Uh... yeah, y'all, guess whose back? Heh... cauli' flavored, momma crack Yeah... yeah... Scott Storch (Return of the great) Mr. M-E-F (aww shit) know what I said Black people don't use the T-H, yo (got it fucked up now) Yo, yo... [Method Man] Guess who back though, crack dough, yes, eyes is hat low Stash 'dro, pimp on the side, you know how that go Rap flow, major, taste the flavor, all natural high Y'all gotta love it when the track go (track go) Ask Def Jam what's hot, three letters, M-E-F Man Been stopped, that's off top, young, fresh to death And you're not, no matter what the job, I'm the best man Rap C.E.O. minus the yes-man (yes-man) I know that's right, so act right, Staten on the map Like fuck y'all, get stuck, y'all and have a bad night As I brush off my shoulder, that's right My nigga Scott Storch keep bringing it back like (back like) Oh boy, dig it, I talk about it and I live it Been there, did it, shitted and wiped my ass with it These critics saw the train for brains and must of missed it If they ain't got the shit, they'll never get it (never get it) [Chorus: Method Man] Is it me, or is it these, niggaz in it for cheese Is it me, all my enemies, hating on Killa Beez Is it me, or is it me, that ain't feeling M.C.'s With the top down, wheeling the v, feeling the breeze Is it me, or is it these, niggaz spitting the same Is it me, all my enemies, throwing shit in the game Is it me, or the industry that really got to change Once again, it's Wu-Tang, in case y'all forgot the name [Method Man] I spit germ, early bird gets worm, now Now that it's his turn, clowns don't get turns, now Fuck with a chick perm, when she get hot, you get burned You see I'm not kidding, knowing these kids learn (kids learn) And and I'm that dude, ahh-choo, and allerging to wake jewels Blast if I have to, and y'all don't give me no hassle Who rep Rotten Apple to death and get natural Make hard beats pound like the track do (track do) If you ask me, this raspy voice nigga is nasty Khaki's hanging off of his ass, eyes is glassy That's fucked, that's us, niggaz know where to catch me At 1-800 GET-AT-ME, (get at me) My, flow's, no holds barred, Holy Jahad It's the head nigga in charge, Meth, back on the job Like back in the days, back when, the game was hard And when they reminiscenced over Wu, my God [Method Man] Until these rap niggaz stepped up, checked up, man this game is messed up Next up, you know what it is, don't get it f'd up Meth, what? F.Y.I., you need a heads up And I don't mean to beat you in the head, but (head, but) When you spit that, forget that, I eat these niggaz food And the shit wrapped, where Cliff at? Tell 'em Mr. Meth got his shit back The gift back, sign, sealed, delivered and gift wrapped And when you hear that click-click (click-click) That's real talk, some niggaz will talk to the cops Get killed off, man how did you get caught with all the rocks And still walk, no matter what you mix with a pig You still pork, and money is still forced (still forced) Yeah, that was right on cue, new and improved All these dudes try'nna walk in my shoes, doing my moves But that's cool, cause I'ma make it do what it do With this W, like I can I get a "suu" motherfuckers? [Outro: Method Man W-T-R-B... Wu-Tang Radio, Bitch... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Problem Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] You don't want no problems, problems You don't want no problems, problems Yeah... real man... with ya stinkin' ass Come on... that's my nigga right there... let's do it Never count me out, nigga, just count me in... yeah... [Method Man] Look, I ain't came to bone these chicks Not this time, I got a bone to pick, I got a zone to pick Now, who that nigga in the zone and shit Back in the building like he own the bitch, nobody cold as this If I ain't got it, then it don't exist I spit that bird flu, my flows is sick, I'm still as ill as they come Protect Ya Neck, when you dealing with them Now Erick stick a fork in him, he done, hah It boggles the mind, like try'nna 'ketchup' to a bottle of Heinz It's like forensics try'nna follow the crime, they want time And sometime, a nigga had to swallow them dimes While 85 percent swallowing swine, see Wherever he roam, it's all gravy, man, whatever he hone Long as I got myself a Marilyn loan, phillies are better chrome If there's a problem, nigga, let it be known And while I sleep, my bitch be checkin' my phone, cause I'm a problem, nigga [Chorus: Method Man] Ease up, or put them g's up Scream at ya frog, nigga leap up (now who got a problem with that?) They need to beast up, nigga, speak up or Forever hold they peace up (if they got a problem with that) Hey you (don't want no problem nigga) Hey you (don't want no problem nigga) Hey you (don't want no problem nigga) Hey you (don't want no problem nigga) Hey you ("Believe, what I say, when I tell ya" - DMX sample) Yeah, you, nigga, you don't want no problem with that [Method Man] Look, my Clan all one in the same Until my name number one in the game, it's not a game, nigga Like Billy Danze, I be running with "Fame" Me and my lynch mob coming to hang, it's Wu-Tang for life Hard body, another day in the life Credit his momma now for raising him right, just want the people to know I'm bout to blow, like I'm shaking the dice Making me mad? Nah, y'all making me right, cause y'all was taking me light So let my pen talk and say what he like And have the court system say and indict, I'm O.J. on the mic Liquid plumber, I be laying the pipe And if it's tight, girl, I'm staying tonight Not only raising on the price, on M.C.'ing, but I'm raising the bar And if you scary, nigga, wait in the car Motherfuckers I'm hard, hard as cooked up in mayonaise jars Purple haze, Cuban layed cigars, I'm a problem, nigga [Method Man] E, you know I'm just like that Big baller nigga, just like Shaq, so come on, niggaz If they bust, I better bust right back Meth spit it from the gut, like *gunshot* man down I'm that dude, hands down, stare down I'm past due, for Cash Rule, y'all can't clown I'm bank now, your ass lose, nothing but rhyme New York Times, I'm bad news, and I'ma problem, nigga [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Somebody Done Fucked Up Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yeah... one-two, one-two, it's Big M-E-F The phenom from Vietnam, fresh out of rehab, yo On my way the weedspot, haha, what's good? Fuck that, what's hood? Staten Island Advance Big up to my man Magic down in MIA, what up cuzo? [Chorus: Method Man] Knock-knock, who is it, ah shitted Hot peas and butter, come and get it Somebody done fucked up, now Meth spit it, I comes with it Quick to tell these critics, eat a did-ick Somebody done fucked up, now Y'all done did it, done stepped in it Now run and tell them niggaz who the realest Somebody done fucked up, now Can you dig it, you'll never stop the kid up in the fitted Live with it, somebody done fucked up [Method Man] Look, I'm cutting corners on these clowns, marijuana and pounds Found with Staten Island niggaz that run up on you with rounds Take a drag, pass it around, guess who back in your town And the crowd vict', with Officer Brown patting him down Shit's thick, thick as harmony grits, cuz with some thugs Ain't no, harmony bitch, them niggaz probably snitch Y'all be the judge, look what happened to Cocheese What happens when your co-d's is talking to police, you dig? Half a cig, let me fuck with ya wig, although you loving the style They're ain't a pedophile could fuck with the kid Now that I'm back up on my, feet, take it back to the streets In the GM with your BM, in the passenger seat Riding hood, by my hood, ain't no hike in the wood Life is good, it's so good, live it twice if I could Man, it's me, once again it's that Wu-Tang Crushing the shit that you bring, you know how we do things [Method Man] Yo, pulling my shoes up, scuffing my Timbs, back to when? Puffing again, who stunting, cops fucking with them Feeling the blow, goosebumping the skin, and on the scale Of nothing to ten, a ten, man, it's nothing to him See you can tell by how I'm clutching my pen, like Mae Weather touching her chin She stunting, going up in her friend Tell the label give me something to spin, and every light got a price You want a slice, but we ain't cutting you in Man, these fiends know my past work, held a monkey until they back hurt Money talking, wonder what that's worth And MCF, mean Cash First shit, picture the kid On the beach in Hawaii, minus the grass skirt Blast first, ask questions last Black herse, nigga, stretch yo ass, y'all niggaz know what this is It's New Yitty, this ain't just a fad It's M-E-F, and I ain't Biggie, but I'm just as Bad, Boy [Outro: Method Man] Yeah, Big M-E-F, Staten Island Advance, motherfuckers Word up, don't ever count me out, just count me the fuck in I'll be back for more... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Kwamé Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Fall Out Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Kwamé] This - this is brought to you By the K-1, Emergency Broadcasting System In the - in the event of an actual emergency You will be told to... FALL OUT! FALL OUT! FALL OUT! FALL OUT! FALL OUT! [Method Man] S.I. (rockin' it) N.Y. (rockin' it) Shit we stay poppin' it, 4-5 rockin' it Game stay on top of it, lame, just the opposite It's no thang, when I "bring the pain" ain't no stopping it (hold on) Who the fuck is this? About to bring the ruckus This just ya boy, I'm some on other shit My nigga, take a puff of this Piff man, I'm loving this, is Staten Island up in this? Bitch, like we running it, and somebody wanna pub-a-lic (I'm coming) Turn it up a bit, so my thugs can thug a bit If I got my brother get, K, we got another hit Ladies please, where y'all puffin' them trees? I'm damaging M.C.'s, oxygen, you can't breathe, fall [Chorus 2X: Method Man (Kwamé)] Fall out, yeah, I'm going all out (hold on) Hold on, man, what's really going on (I'm coming) And when I'm coming, a hundred miles & running (keep back) Keep back, y'all ain't got it like that (fall out) [Method Man] Here we go again, herb-smoke, blowing in the wind Cops chasing, wanna throw him in the pen And the day he leave the game, yo, he going in the Benz On them 24's looking like he rolling on the rims All daying, knawimsayin', I'm staying up to par, parleyin' While y'all hating, I'm splitting this cigar Man, it's nathan, all y'all do is aim and start spraying Cuz tonight's the night, and me and my niggaz ain't playing (keep back) Y'all done did it now, another critic kicked Tical Alotta niggaz mad cuz I ain't fold like they figure, now Let me put my fitted down *hwak* spit around Listen when this hit the ground, y'all gon' hear the difference now Here I got that miracle, sickest individual Flow that's so original, see this is what they meant to do It's not an act, it's all actual fact The kid is back, making tracks, catch panic attacks, and fall [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] Aww shit, ain't this about a bitch I give a fuck about a bitch, I'm more about a grip And I'm all that a nigga got, the more he gotta get Feeling like a million dollars, buyin' million dollar shit (keep back) What y'all dealing with, one shot killing it Stop changing my style, when y'all stop stealing it Meth is chillin' like milk top killing If it ain't got no real in it, I'm probably not feeling it (keep back) I'm deadin' ya kids, and burn another blizz What it is, what it is, Wu-Tang is for the kids So niggaz please, why y'all puffin' them trees I'm damaging M.C.'s, oxygen, they can't breathe, fall [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Method Man] Rest in peace Ol' Dirty Bastard a/k/a Dirt McGirt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Dirty Mef Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Expect the unexpected, motherfucker, let's go, come on Yeah, M-E-F, hahahaha, special guest (Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck) Hahahaha.. yeah.. [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, you don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit One verse, and leave in a new Benz-er Take a trip down south and put some hoes to work, you hear me Dirt McGirt, you niggaz gon' respect it I'm drunk and crunk so don't come in my direction I'm ready to thump, and get the whole crew arrested Bail 'em out, and laugh about it in Texas, yo And get with Rome, down in Caki-Lac And hit the spot, in the hood where the happenings at Where the shootin' and the fightings and the stabbings at Where the Lincolns and the Chevys and the Cadi's at, shit Them down south niggaz been loved Dirt Take a shot to the head, if you been through the worse Show respect to your niggaz, who been doin' it first And be comin' with that shit, I'm just doin' the worse [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Method Man)] Yo, you don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit (Yo, you don't wanna ride with Meth, we still sniffing coke Even if you tried your best, yo, I can spit) [Method Man] Yeah, damn, I'm just like Dirt in the booth I'm the truth, I don't need to go to church in a suit Each verse is the proof, I drink a 100 Proof Cop searching the coup, I got some herb in my boot When Wu is coming through, the outcome: critical Fucking with this style, the outcome: get physical Meth get lyrical, and y'all can get my genitals Don't forget them aid essentials, vitamins & minerals Heh, ya'meen, I'm taking one for the team Like Martin Luther King, taking one for a dream I'm dope, to many fiends, live by many means If you don't stand for nothing, you'll fall for anything That's real shit, let's get this money real quick Dirt Dog, I'm feeling this, but I'd rather feel rich I mean filthy rich, I'm corporate now Big Meth, the label's Def, that's why I talk so loud, nigga [Chorus 2X] [Hook 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Carlton Fisk, RZA, Streetlife Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: 4:20 Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: RZA (Method Man)] Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it (roll it up niggaz) Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it (4:20, y'all, it's time, it's time) Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it (it's been a long time for this man Niggaz been sleeping on the kid, man, everybody got some sideway shit to say) Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it (Carlo! Know what I'm saying, man? Yeah) [Method Man] Fast or slow mo, oh no, Meth done made a killing Call the po-po, oh niggaz is squealing, oh, y'all ain't feeling Niggaz no more, the bigger they are, harder they go though Good pussy put a hump in my back like Quasimoto Hah, my sex ain't homo, season vet, hold the adobo Got rappers on that low carb diet, y'all can't get no dough I keep a low pro, file, excuse me as I get smoked out Put hands on these niggaz, then put the roach out Go head, I'm wishing you would, ask if it's good Man, this Tarzan shit in the woods, my shit is hood, bitch That means I'm hood rich, telling you lies Straight out the pull-pit, it's like Merrill Lynch I'm on that bullshit Real spit, money come first, and even worse You need all your toes & fingers to count up what I'm worth, trick So when I blow a smoke cloud in your face, just take a hint Dick, you crowding my space, it's Mr. Meth, pa [Chorus: Carlton Fisk] It's 4:20, roll up, nigga getting smo-ked out No seeds, California weed have you choked out No doubt, roll up, which rims spoked out 4:20 mean either you roll up or roll out [RZA] Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it [Method Man] So on and so on, I flow on Power to our people, get your smoke on And I'm so gone, off, that sour diesel Hard to hold on, but hold on, it's like I'm Pretty Toney With that robe on, got terrorist shook, because I'm so bomb The hood, put, me in position, I'm in the kitchen With that cook book, the service I'm giving, birds they vision Not a good look, told ya my nigga, Tical deliver Hook or crook, lots of asses to kick, wish I had a bigger foot Yeah, taking it there, hating who care Y'all stay out my mental, I got killas waiting in here To get you, as I sharpen my pencils, tear apart instrumentals Fuck it, y'all niggaz is pussy, so is the dick that sent you RZA, we done it again, Co-D occassion Here's to short skirts and Ol' Dirt McGirt, okay, then Let's get it popping, like it ain't nothing to get it popping The big and rotten's the city, too good to be forgotten [Chorus] - 2X [Streetlife] The rap game won't like me You can tell that a nigga is shiesty If I die, my second born'll be like me Slide dick to your wifey Never know your baby boy just might be Quick to rob a jack, he's so icey, stay dressed to kill From the Hill, never ran, never will Attitude, like, fuck you still, I see you missing the point This is not a rap song, you get clapped on Bullets break the bone, like the joint, call you out your name Disrespect ya moms, spit on your dame Go public, then, shit on your fame, you overlooking the fact Where you from, is where we at And y'all don't want no, parts, in that that Caught your verse for sale, but real niggaz don't shoot & tell We'd rather do the time and rot in the cell [Carlton Fisk] The inner outer state, bi-coastal smoker Inhale, Cali piff with a swift of glaucoma Black jeans, black Timbs, black Benz roaster Smoke rise, out the sun roof when I roll up Verrazano, with no relation to Gravano Carlo, shots are hollow, still cop a bottle And pour some out, moment of silence, then I swallow I'm still alive, and still the sun'll come out tomorrow Shine shine shine, and grind, cuz it's money on my mind And I'm moving like my life is on the line For the bullshit, I really got no time, a full clip Really gon' let ya niggaz know what's on my mind When ya getting out of line, have them choppers lit up You won't need a camera phone to get the picture Chalk down, tape around, body bag zipped up Carlo Verrazano, you can call me mister The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ginuwine Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Let's Ride Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ginuwine (Method Man)] Oohh, uh-oh, it's time, Meth Man, G-Wine, aiy-aiy-aiy-aiy Aiyo, Meth this shit sick boy, haha, (it's beautiful) yeah What's up (aww man, it's getting scary for y'all niggaz now) what's good [Method Man] There go the apple of my eye, my black butterfly Don't try to pass me by, like you do them other guys You do with brother's lies, about they baby mothers & they wives And how you need they ass to survive I ain't a bit suprised, and I ain't try'nna give you bad vibes You probably had a bumpy last ride witch ex Was he stalking, calling making threats where you rest Until you got that order of protect Girl, I'm far from a threat, boo, now hold for a sec. Relax with the Meth, take a load off your breast If you had a choice, baby, who would you choose Them dudes who look like they got sugar in they shoes Girl, that's how you lose Before you play the game, know the rules Cuz still ain't nothing changed but the jewels You still paying dues, when we should be laying on the cruise Some icecubes, playing with ya boobs, knawmean [Chorus: Ginuwine] Let's ride, we get it everyday, it's doesn't fail And I always wanna know how you feel Cuz you're everything, I'm always there for you Yes, I'll be there, so let's ride Let's ride, don't trip, got your back, I'm your man I keep it G, like they do it in the hood, and You give me everything, and always be right there And if you real, then let's ride [Method Man] Hey, pretty ma, you look sweat, I mean You the type of treat, I've been dying to eat I see them other dudes try'nna speak, flossin' them jeeps They wanna whistle & beep when you crossin' the street Have mercy, to these big hands and big feet Use me once and use me again like fish grease Body perfect, primadonna, oh my god, mommy, work it Make a nigga wanna get a job I love chicks to hate staring, hate man sharing Hate it when a bum bitch is wearing what she wearing Huge attitude like the size of her badunk Double XL, she the "Eye Candy of the Month" Johnny, but ladies call me Big John Studd Is it my big club or my big long hugs Go figure, if you got an itch, I'm ya nigga To scratch it, and bring the hook back while I'm at it, now pass it [Hook: Ginuwine] Let's ride, I start up on your right Peace and then we'll fight I'm starting to fall for love Yes, I will, yes, I will Let's ride, don't need to think twice I, want you at your time Let's ride, let's roll, all night, oh lord Full night, oooh tell me something [Outro: Method Man] Yeah, this is Ginuwine, uh Method Man, yeah, I like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ La the Darkman, Raekwon, U-God Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: The Glide Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Wu-Tang... yeah (what up son) you know It's back to that good ol' thing again, you know? (Pass that, pass that, man) Word up, we do this tremendously (It's on, Rae) word up from staircase to stage Yeah... (yo who that?) You know what it is (Oh shit... that's the Wu niggaz man) aiyo [Raekwon] From out the air space, I'm rockin' leather pants in the tenth grade My pen blaze, now we in the wind gate, killin' haze Put this shit back in order, do it like the crack days Stack up, you little niggaz back up, your raps suck I demolish a maggot, faggot lines, nigga, you'se a savage But don't never compare me to your wack times I'll smash your hood up, yeah, anybody you call I straight mash out, for cash nigga, put up The Embassy's calling, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Enemies is falling, y'all niggaz ain't good enough Now acknowledge the strength, we stand like buildings In the city, raise that rent up, y'all niggaz gonna give me, baby Yeah, what, fucker, we stomp niggaz out like XUV's Then fuck ya girl in the but-ut Nine rap playboys, see me in the Playboy Mansion With the playboys on, I play rid up [Chorus: La the Darkman] Nigga, we glide when we ride, don't choke when we smoke Disrespect fam, yo ass gon' get smoked We got real money, seven figure deal money I'm in the Samuel Jackson, Time to Kill money [U-God] Yeah, we got them anthems, we handsome and raw All day, cops harass, but we laugh at the law And a fiend got my stash, I blast through your door I caught her with the four, his dame was frozen She loves sniffing coke til her veins is bulging You punk motherfucker, your ribs is frail I've been eating calamari, getting big in jail [La the Darkman] Nigga, we glide when we ride, don't choke when we smoke [Method Man] I got that sidedish super today, eye candy With the sweetest love, one bite, your tooth'll decay I'm moving units like I'm moving the yae, and like they say In this business, you either in it, bitch, or you in the way Sky's the limit, I ain't come here to play, or come to shit where I lay Who in that six blunt, clipping his tray Sippin' some Ice Water, dipping with Rae Tipping these tricks, dripping for pay And knowing half them bitches is gay T.M.I. blowing tree in sky, we on the job So be abvised, that wack niggaz, needing apply S.I., represent til we die, this track is pitching to fry Enter the Dragon, I be spitting that fire Keep ya balls off, so calling you dogs off Cuz word to these jeans, hanging off of my ass, I never fall off The sensei, with this pen I slay Pick up a queen in Miami, then get M.I.A., John Blaze, bitch [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Got to Have it Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Sing it bitch... oh boy... Niggaz... ha-ha... ladies... yeah Oh boy, come on... yeah... This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") yeah [Method Man] I got to have that new shit, new whip, blue six, now who this? Windows half down, bumping Wu shit, the truth is This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yeah I got to have them big props, big rocks, listening to wrist watch Tick-tock, and make a pit stop, the copper's zip-locked This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yeah I got to have that seat next to Oprah, Bentley with the chaffeur Rum and cola spilling on a million dollar sofa This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yeah I got to have my next pair of fresh Air's, dress me in the best wears Meth, yeah, want respect, then he want his set cleared This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yeah [Chorus: Method Man] Now if it's something I, want, no need for me to front Why stunt? Better notify them niggaz from the dump Oh, yeah, I got to have it (have it) And, oh, yo, I got to have it (have it) If it's something I, need, don't have to beg or pleed My weed, got 'em high, just look at they eyes bleed Oh, yeah, I got to have it (have it) And, oh, yo, I got to have it (have it) [Method Man] Yeah, I got to have that mansion and the yacht The room to park the phantom on the yacht E, watch me leave them haters on the dock, yeah This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") damn right I got to have them pop bottles, shots hollow, plus the next top model Staring down they nostrils in them Ferragamo goggles This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuckin' a' I got to have a new spot to live, a few props to give One for each verse I did, with 2Pac and B.I.G., y'all This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") damn right I got have V.S. cuts, a jet plus, a marijuana dealer with the best stuff You know that Meth puff, y'all, and guess what? This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuckin' a [Method Man] I got to have the fast car, the crash bar, place to stash the heaters In the dash bar, and then I need no limits on that black car This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yea I got to have them verses and them hooks, plus a little paper off the books And a Playboy bunny that can cook, nigga This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yea I got to have the first glass in first class, button up Cabani On the shirt tag, and honey with that Louis on the purse bag This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") hell yea I got to have them hardcore beats, and Loose Linx that all play for keeps When we mobbing on these New York streets, nigga This is just a few of them things that I ("got to have") fuck yea [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Lauryn Hill Album: 4:21 The Day After Song: Say Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lauryn][Method Man] Yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah Yeah (Yeah) Yeah yeah (Yo) [Method Man] Damn, I hate it when it rain  Ever since I came in the game Some hated on the fame A lot of niggas done changed  And started actin' strange Even labels turning they backs  And started backing lames Radio is the same, whole lotta speculatin'  These mutherfuckas defacatin' on the name Wu-Tang, if this is where the hip-hop is Radio lyin' then, that ain't where hip-hop live It lives in the streets, we eat to live they livin' to eat I'm fed up, that nigga rides in 'em, givin 'em sleep R.I.P., make me the king of all I see And when death call I'm good I got call ID See it was planned in the front, now they just gon' front Like my joints is on proactive, and they just don't bump Then niggas gon' say I lost my skill when in fact they all been programmed And lost they feel, fo' real Chorus: [Lauryn](Method Man] They've got so much things to say right now They've got so much things to say They've got so much things to say right now (Yeah) They got so much things to say (Yo) [Method Man] Damn, another artist chokes again They ain't cut as close as him or even broke the skin See how niggas ain't yo friends, when there ain't no ends Don't care who the case offend, don't underrate my pen I got what it takes to win, while ya'll are thinking I'm trash Loving the taste of success and this drink in my glass Watch 'em cosign that whack shit, give it a pass till it's gone Quicker than Red, can't get rid of them clubs When they're wrong, call the cops, they credibility's shot It's time to learn, what hot really is and really is not Off brain niggas, Meth gonna let 'em know off top Don't get smacked on dvds, trying to show off blocks I can't stop cause my enemies plot, or cause the cops want me Shackled and locked inside the penalty box And while they waitin' for my shit to flop  They gettin' pimped like hoes Sellin' they ass just to get my spot, come on man Repeat Chorus [Method Man] Ask Miss Hill, half these critics ain't got half this skill Often so hungry that they have to steal If I didn't have my deal, and didn't have this mass appeal Then I'm back up in that trap, swingin' crack it's real And that ain't worth the time, so search and find a new nerve And here's three words: stop working mine It take a lot more to hurt my pride Jerk my vibe more than media lies, cry when dirt dog die nigga The last album wasn't feeling my style This time my foot up in they ass but they feelin' me now Cause Tical, he put his heart in every track he do But somehow yall find someway to give a whack review It ain't all good, they writin' that I'm Hollywood Tryin' to tell you my shit ain't ghetto and they hardly hood Come on man, until you dudes can write some rhymes  Keep that in mind when you find yourself reciting mines Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Fat Joe, Styles P. Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Ya'meen Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yo, I'm bout to hit you with this ya'meen On top of the ya'meen, with a lil' bit of ya'meen mixed in Ya'meen? Yeah... yeah... yo [Method Man] How should I get it started, fuck it, just get it started These trash talking artists is nothing, niggaz is garbage When Meth strike his target, leave it dearly departed His flow is clearly the hardest, y'all gon' feel me regardless Might break a promise, but never, breaking the code Some get popped and call for they mamma, when the drama unfolds My block, hot as a sauna, never wind up and joke Crack deals on every corner, fiends wanna foam you with soap And, if life's a bitch, then I bet she bitter and cold Everytime she thinking I fold, seven figures get sold Meth, all in your chest, or inhale it all in your nose Cops don't know about this Method, but smell it all in his clothes Yup, I'm still intact, how real is that, I'm back With enough, fits a million, to figure vanilla wraps up New York, New York, rock tube socks and Timberlands Cuz hip hop ain't feeling them flip-flops, they feminine [Chorus: Method Man] I'm the one shot dealing, one shot killing it (ya'meen) Yeah, it's the top billing, the block feeling like (ya'meen) Yeah, fuck with me (ya'meen), yeah, fuck with me (ya'meen) If you not for squealing, and for spilling the (ya'meen) The streets is watching the apple rotten like (ya'meen) Plus the B.B. hot and the towers dropping like (ya'meen) Yeah, fuck with this (ya'meen), yeah, fuck with this (ya'meen) If you get it popping, or get to popping 'em (ya'meen) [Fat Joe] You know the haters diss you, let's deal with bigger issues You know New York is dying after all the shit we been through And we done lost B.I.G., we done lost Pun Homey, you can't live, gotta go and get them guns You know the hammers'll lose your cabbage, them dudes do damage Send Zulu Nation through Reaganomics, we move them package We pushing rain pain, gotta go and get that money Y'all going "hey hey", but don't that pen look lovely You - must - not - know - who - y'all niggaz is fucking with I - can - take - life - nig... just for the fuck of it Crack's crazy, that nigga'll smack babies Clap ladies for yackin' you gon' catch shady Call it a mass shower, the way them hollow's drizzle Mr. Potato Head, you know them things can't miss you The Average Joe, with an average flow Me and Meth bringing back New York, nigga [Styles P.] You don't like me, you can get what's right above the testicles S.P., turn your top five into vegetables You don't believe me, get 'em all in a room And the next five, I plan to getting all of them soon Y'all can meet me at the table that's round, or get ya place in the ground That's what you get, when you facing me, clown Who got the crown, I'm piss on it now, while you wearing it Nobody nicer than Ghost, I ain't hearing it Been Nike Airing it, white tee out Stick-up kid season when the dice be out I'm a thug or star investing in living, niggaz sippin' soup Ghost rapper, knocking out your icey mouth Niggaz in the East wanna unite, not me If you ain't sayin' I'm the best, you ain't come to be right KnawImean? If you don't, then you not of being Your four-four, knock little pieces off of your spleen, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Konichiwa Bitches Typed by: Cno Evil [Hook 2X: GZA sample] "Konichiwa bitches" [Method Man] What up, what up, these niggaz suck They can't hold a fort, better hold that thought, B. If I can't get it off, see my attitude is MSG Fuck it, I'm salty, the game been loss me Pay ya dues, it cost me, who acting like I'm past my prime Hey Carlton Fisk, nigga, pass the nine, who wanna cross me, now? And put my body in the lost and found You with the business, then bust off a round It's like the passions of Christ, get crucified just for having that ice And the audacity for having that life, while niggaz starving & shit The main reason they be robbing and shit The same reason you've been targeted bitch (these niggaz must of forgot) The thin line between a hoe and a trick Give 'em the clip between the four and the fifth (yea, motherfucker I'm high) There I go again, blowing a spliff When I exhale, it's like I'm blowing a kiss (konichiwa bitches) [Chorus: Method Man] N.Y.C., is all I see O.D.B., nigga, R.I.P. (konichiwa bitches) This Killa Beez on ya M.I.C. You want it all, well then y'all like me (konichiwa bitches) Come on, come on, I think they playing my song I came to blow them out the frame, and I'm gone (konichiwa bitches) M-E-T, to the H-O-D Why motherfuckers wanna hate on me? (konichiwa bitches) [Method Man] For every rhyme, there's a hair on my chest Scared of the Man, you should be scared of the Meth Now every damn that I drop, is homicidal, that could dare to be done There's no survival, now who care to be next? (if you don't know me by now) Know where the borough is, doing it for The most thoroughest, you doing the most, pa The French call it "forpa" when fucking with son, the odds a hundred to none Too many flavors, y'all ain't fucking with one It's getting deep, see the plot thicker No place to be, if you bi-atch, nigga Outside the Clan, we always got RZA I put it down, like I don't give a One in the head, I bet he don't get up, we drinking malt liquor Out of your Benz, just to talk slicker Then paint a scene that you can all picture You going in? Well, let me walk with cha It's Method Man, but for short Mr., Mef (konichiwa bitches) [Hook 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Inspectah Deck, Streetlife Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Everything Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yeah... yeah... Allah Math... Yeah... yo... yo... [Method Man] Y'all ain't never stopping the kid, why y'all knocking the king? Would ya like a shot of liquor or like a shot to the rib? Plus you stay on top of they grills, stay on top of they biz Thinking niggaz plotting on hairs, think they not when they is This is Staten Island gully, you dig? It's getting ugly And I ain't found a court that can judge me, the block love me Like nines to the side of the skully, popping they top I'd rather pop bubbly, one for B.I.G. and one for Pac Nigga, trust me, I'm hot as they get, like Al Green Getting hit by a pot of them grits, yo, nahmeen? Y'all don't really want no parts of this, soon as a nigga Start shining, niggaz start some shit, my guard lit Like a boss, head nigga in charge, get in these drawers Fitted, nine inches bigger than yours This Meth dude got that food, and he serving it raw Told you before, I bring the pain, and now I'm hurting them, pa Hurting them, pa... [Chorus 2X: Streetlife] Up from the 36, back on that bullshit Okay, I'm reloaded, strapped with a full clip Staten Island's the borough, Park Hill, we still click Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, that's the Clan, we run shit [Inspectah Deck] Aiyo, you fucking with some capital G's, Allah Math Streetlife, Meth Man, plus the Masta and me Soldier I, make it happen, indeed, my sick gift Had the highest paid hoe, get it cracking for free Worldwide, still trapped in the P's, Pioneers Like the twenty inch woofers, that's in back of the V Leave ya brain, like you spazzing on E. It don't matter who you happen to be, nothing swagger like he Keep a dirty cop close, never talk with no feds Tear the roof off the mother, right along with ya head And I ain't talk unless she talking bout bread You would swear that I'm rocking New Balance, how I'm walking the ledge Son, I'm just a little off of the edge, as I stalk The mean streets, for paused types, callers are read Killa Hill where the warriors bred, I'm a Resident Patient, it's gonna take more than the meds [Chorus 2X] [Streetlife] Special invited guest, I came to put the rumors to rest Rip the rest of the slugs through your chest Put the chest to the back of your vest Trap your packet, take the money and jet Niggaz posted, but you posing no threat Punk, you pussy like the opposite sex Front, see how many shots you will get I'm not asking, I'm demanding respect I'm just a man to respect Watch your step, son, your funeral's next Streetlife is the man in the flesh, I got one hand on your neck The other hand is attached to the tech Your next move could mean life or death Make move, take baby steps Hold that thought, nigga, save your breath We hold courts, in the streets, we rep For Cash Rule, and we came to collect, cock sucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Redman Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Walk On Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: sample (Method Man)] "Walk on" (yeah, yeah, yeah) [Method Man] It's Meth, back on that old shit Pick my ho's with the same finger I pick my nose with These flows get, hotter than most chicks, get the picture I'm focused, got nothing but cock for cock-roaches, bitch, I'm gone before you noticed Ducking these coppers, try'nna make the coldest Spot you with the bricks and the baking sodas Me and my soldier, we taking over, taking payola From all these stations and record labels, they killing culture, tell 'em niggaz "Walk on" [Redman] Yo, I blow ya minds, like Kurt Cobain My block is hot like Lil' Wayne, I'll pop ya little chain I'm ready, hip hop is not gon' be the same Like the Roc and Dame, I'll dot the little change Nigga, I ain't scared, boy, yes sir If I wasn't a beast, you niggaz wouldn't whisper I'm like, y'all can fuck y'all self, I'm getting paid daily Plus keepin' it real, keep you broke, can't tell me, nigga "Walk on" [Method Man] Huh, now go say that I don't quiver, and any chick Caught with dirt under her nail's a gold digger Yeah, I tell the people, like I told RZA Man, I got Meth and on the day that I don't, I'll let you know, nigga Nah, no carbon copies, they ain't got me, but they can watch me Jewels jingling, middle finger at paparazzi Not too cocky, but still, ain't too many niggaz can top me So bounce you foes and pull ya shoes up, nigga "Walk on" [Redman] Don't even blink, think fast, make the right move Got a gun on ya, like Pinky had on Ice Cube I don't play, homey, I got my stripes, too I'mma sky high-a-trist, I smoke in a flight suit, nigga Recognize, like Sam Sneed'll "back down" You sick and tired of wack niggaz, then act now I show you how it's done, nigga, Gilla House Give you a whole clip, turn your ruby glitter out, nigga "Walk on" [Method Man] And beat ya feet up, I'm sick with these dice, so put ya g's up Then back a lighter tree, about to get the energy up I milk like double D cup, plus, I air it out just like a sneaker Will win, and then "key" your car like Alicia Yup, my Meth is off the meter, more Yankee caps than Derek Jeter Try'nna catch me a diva, then I'mma catch and meet ya Might spill a thong, but still a don, still got Love, for my baby moms, we just don't get along, hold the fuck on "Walk on" [Redman] Allow me to reintroduce -- nah, I don't need it If you ain't got it since '92, nigga, beat it Hop in the 4 of ya 7, black two-seater Pull out a hammer, big as a vacuum cleaner Nigga, I roll heavy, bitch, I roll steady Get that dough Reggie, me fall off, really? You better ask who the best rapper in ya hood And when you mimick me, muthafucka, do it good, nigga "Walk on" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Raekwon, RZA Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Presidential M.C. Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: (kung fu sample) Method Man] *kung fu fighting* Yeah, uh, heheheh (That's Shadowboxing!) Yo... [Method Man] It's that Blackout, spazzed out, G-String divas Leave you assed out, passed out, it's cold Pack your heat up, blow your back out You bad mouth, make 'em all believers Throwing rocks from a glass house, y'all ain't perfect either See that cheeba and that hash out (garbage day tomorrow) And I have yet to take that trash out, or emptied this cigar RZA, Rah, we amped, eh, Meth is on his job It ain't nothing, like the French say; "che sera sera" So let's move on, until the day we laying in the casket With them suits on, and I'm so cool that hell is only luke warm Been too strong, for too, long, I'll probably die With my boots on, and on my way to cash a coochie coupon You know I'm, proper, don't let them boys confuse you The fact is Meth, I'm harder than bottles made by Yoo-Hoo Wu-Tang, welcome to the House of Flying Daggers Where the truth aim, flying out the mouth of flying rappers There it is... [Chorus: Method Man] Now, ask yourself, is this for real, it can't be My, nigga, if it ain't for real, it ain't me I, elect myself as presidential M.C. I, elect myself as presidential M.C. Now, ask yourself, why is he so low key Why, is niggaz pimpin' when the game chose me I, elect myself as presidential M.C. I, elect myself as presidential M.C. [Raekwon] Yo, blew 'em and hit 'em, and he went into a spin cycle Outblew his liver, a river flooded, what's happening It's drugs we wanted, gloves buttered, thug coverage This is Fila, white sneaker, Louis Vitton luggage I came, representative huddle, they all love you That W, the legacy of little niggaz muggin' you The fuck, what's up with you, yo, you suck, nigga Benches used to pluck niggaz, we be on the roof, like "fuck you" Them red beams is coming, losers, got to walk the plank Users, with uzi's on 'em, you move, you getting spanked Shank broilers banked, alcoholics ranked ballers They should call us, I rock mad ice like a walrus The lamesters decided to lure us, we was up in Freedomtown Getting weeded, one Bentley tour bus, you might like the mack and explore dust You can't fuck with all of us, one of us dropped, there's twenty more of us [RZA] Peel caps like tangerines, you shook/shake like tamberines Then, jet from the set, in the all black Lamborghin' Nobody seen me, bitch in a tini red bikini Niggaz saw her, because they thought they saw a genie Heidi Klum, pussy juicy, fat as a plum Picture on the wall in jail, niggaz jerk til they come God gargantuan, large, colossus, bombardment of darts Make your squad, throw tantrums Practice karma sutra on broads, pop bra's Leave birds with permanent scars, and shit like birthmarks Digi bark back at dogs, snatch flies from frogs Blow California chronic to despise the smog This shit I been with biz in the clearing, pigs sharing Got fresh, Wu-Wearing, motherfuckers not caring Then move through your community, with diplomat immunity Move to rep a two or G., shine like fine jewelry [Outro: kung fu sample] The Shadow Sword... Shadow Sword... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Megan Rochell Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: 4 Ever Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Megan Rochell] We both know, that our love will grow And forever, will be you and me... [Method Man] Give me a woman that get down for me, my one and only That don't fuss or fuck around on me, or leave me lonely Not just a honey, but a homey, just wanna hold me Cuz she got alotta love for me, and put it on me If I need that, plus she understand me when I beat that It's sweet like candy, this time, I might just eat that You steal my heart, sweetheart, then you can keep that Let's bar hop and find us a spot where we can chief at Push the seats back, you got the kinda body niggaz beep at Try to speak at, but get no feedback Sophisticated, Miss Highly Edumicated Living well, lady that made it, type of woman you stay with [Method Man] Give me a queen that respects a "king", just like Coretta Get everything except the ring, for worse or better Even through the stormy weather, rain, sleet, snow Whatever, see if it go down, we go together Like Twix bars, ain't no problem that we can't fix, ma You ain't gotta sugar my tank, or key the kid car Cuz broken hearts leave big scars, when emotions get hit hard Niggaz get drunk and hit the strip bar But that ain't even ya man's style, even back as a manchild That's where I stood, and where I stand now I'm throwing rocks at your window pane Trying to bang, girl, like injure pain, you know the game [Megan Rochell] No matter what we go through (what we go through) I'll be there for you (there for you) I'll never let you down, I'll just hold you down, oh-oooh No matter where we be (where we be) I'll do it all again (all again) The ups and down, I'll hold you down, oh-oooh [Method Man] Give me a woman that get down for me, my one and only She don't fuss or fuck around on me, or leave me lonely Not just a honey, but a homey, just wanna hold me Cuz she got alotta love for me, and now I gotta Lotta love for her, might even take a slug for her And everywhere we go, pull out that red rug for her Yeah, them back rubs in the bathtub, got me cleaning my act up I'm ready to shack up, now that's love [Megan Rochell] Nobody can love you like me boy I'll promise to be your only girl Don't ever leave, just stay You will be down for me, anyway Ahhhhhhhhhh, you and me together, baby Artist: Method Man f/ Kwamé Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: O.D. * Typed by: Cno Evil * U.K. Bonus Track [Intro: Kwamé] May day, may day I need you to turn this thing up Turn, turn, turn this thing up And make noise, Mr. Meth, Kwamé Let's go, what we about to do right now is [Chorus: Kwamé (Method Man)] O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em (Time to lose it, ya'll and do it to the music, just) O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em (Ain't nothing to it, if you put your back on 'em and) O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em (I'll walk you through it, let you know just how to do it) O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em, O.D. on 'em (It's the M-E-T-H, yes I O.D. it, get you high If you light it, let me hear ya'll O.D.) [Method Man] Ok, let's get it on, who wanna get it on? Let it pop like perignon, who wanna get it on? Get right, don't get wrong, got it? Now get gone Any dog try'nna shit on my lawn, get shit upon Can you smell the herb smoke in my clothes, I'm a jerk and it shows Chicks be dancing like they working the pole Back to Meth Man, I'm hurting them though Fuck a knock, I burst in the though You want it? I'm the person to know Let muthafuckas take it personal Cuz half this industry suck dick, or hope to be the first to blow Man, I'm Witty Unpredictable, on any track I rule It don't be hard for me to act a fool, and just [Method Man] My nigga roll with it, flow with it, push the six-four wit it Low-low kit it, wood finish, hood menace, yo Blow with it, blow with it, see that dough, go get it What I do with the dough, ain't none of your business Yo, who spit when he talking in tongues, you'll be amazed how often it come That piff got me coughing up lungs I'm try'nna get bread, ya'll offering crumbs Like ya'll ain't try'nna see Meth licking his thumb, while he sorting his ones, trick Flow bout as hot as the sun get, my blunt lit And I don't hit the track, I run shit, I'm slum bitch Fuck ya'll, never did trust ya'll, back Ready to bust off, kicking that dust off, you know I just [Method Man] I'm an equal oppurtunity, ass kicker These ass licking, brown nosing rappers is ass kissers Who need that cash quicker than a slip in these glass slippers Then pass liquor til he pass out, I'm that nigga Mami got that hourglass figure, who back bigger than crack Mr. Meth, ain't know I did it like that, did ya? If the track is iller than the rap, realer, Meth in fact Still a Wu Killa Bee, slash killa Now that we're acquinted, I might just spit I'm nice and shit If that's a muthafucka, life's a bitch, ain't it? Young black and dangerous, my tongue double edged, I spit bangers That leave you on the edge of your seat like cliffhangers, and I The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth, Ghost & Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Criminology 2.5 Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: 'Scarface' sample (Raekwon) {Ghostface Killah}] What you think I'm a fucking worm like you? I told you, man, I told you, don't fuck with me I told you, no fucking kids, no, but you wouldn't listen Well, you stupid fuck, look at you now {Ya'll already know!} (For real, ya'll, back behind the wall again) {yeah, you know what it is} (You know what it do, '09 style this time) {It's time to go in now, ya'll} (For real, making CREAM again, nigga... BLAOW!) {you already know, it's crunch time} [Raekwon] First of all, black park it, guns, we spark it Hit you in the back of your dome, from far, kid Dice kickers, gun clickers, run up in the bank for ones, quick The drug dealer niggas, we flip 'em Polo rugbies, flags on my hats, you love these Knockout artists are one-piece Fly in a foreign, all my money ties is tied-up I'd rather sell coke, no bargain Tough like a Hummer, fly like a Maybach Spot runner, clap you in a gun shop, one up Fuck about police, we Park Hillians with gold geese And everyday's a Sunday Easter Cousins in Gaza, the new improved Shottas Stretched out, mink on the floor, you hassa We run through with turbans, diamonded up chain with boots on Mori umbrellas in Tucson Rhyming is a color, the lifestyle is live, my fly brothers Something go wrong, we slug something [Interlude: Raekwon (Ghostface Killah)] Chill my nigga, chill (I got this, I got this) Make sure you handle that beat, you know what time it is Body that beat, man, come on (Yeah) [Ghostface Killah] You can catch me anywhere, frost bitten chain Bad dame, a thousand grams in Delaware The smokeshop's is owls, laid back, hanging niggas to death Word, you can call us coat racks With 'giants' all around me like, Eli Manning The bitch is on the block like, he died scrambling Cuz L frames is crack, popped out, nina one of his eyes Can't come back home, they locked out All he did was re-up, hustle for kick money Kept Beez all around him, thinking he shit honey Bow, I'm into bobsleds, wasting large bread Gucci helmet is blue, trim in his dark red The rap TJ Swan, it's me Ason If he don't spin my shit, break the DJ arm And glide off like an escapade, renegade on ice Lemonade Clark, the haze is nice The Goldielocks, rocks sapphire, chain is right Bitch niggas, ya'll watch what ya'll say in ya mics, suckas [Interlude: Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, Rae, aiyo, Rae, check it out, yo Let me go in there one more time and air these niggas out For old times sake, you know how we do, my nig' Old times sake, just for me, man, one more time, I'm begging you Let me just go in, and just fly on these niggas heads, man It's what I'm talking about [Ghostface Killah] It's like a body in a project hallway, who did it? Who's the next nigga that sucked the snit-ich That's my word, it could never be me You see the deer head on the living room wall, like his neck fell off That can be all sculptured and glazed with gloss Call the shots that Bill Belichick would call Snake niggas slither all in the glass house, racial slurs When it's time to go to war, they cash out Throw 'em in the rear-naked choke, they tap out Niggas try to surround the kid, I backed out And threw two rocks at 'em, watching the ho drop I'm from a place where we locking the low glocks Yellowtape, the bodies, jiggy and road blocks Got the towels up in the air, it's so hot Talking bout Staten Island, profiling Switchblade city, the goons is wilding Escape from my slums, nigga, you got talent And we don't want the fifth of 'yac, we want the gallon ['Scarface' sample] What you think I'm a fucking worm like you? I told you, man --- [Method Man] Vacate black, bust gats, wherever we at You all that, hit 'em in the chest, we fall back I got mines, nigga, where yours at? We call that, raw rap, got fiends in front of my door mat That Witty Unpredictable fly shit, drive-by shit These the niggas I ride with And we gon' get cake, ya'll, as soon as this pie split Smacking up the dry snitch, nigga, you my bitch Somebody put Tical on, matter fact, put Tical on One suuu, Staten Isle on 'em I bank roll, I break codes, and I ain't trynna catch another case, case closed Give me my crown, cuz I deserve it, real dudes giving me pounds But not too close though, the semis'll round Bitches, running they mouth, goons, running your gate My team running the block, cops running my plates Well fuck that, Criminology rap Niggas hate, I hate back, floating in the flyest Maybach, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Mef vs. Chef 2 Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Yo, blow my nose for me, man Word up, man (fuck them) [Raekwon] Spit in your mouth, piss on your bitch We them wrist getters, everything real bout this, duke You fucking with them niggas that's splashed up, slave master's master Dumb move, blast your slut We want it all, living in Persia, burn something Snow White rose, bulldog ershkama Yo take that, drive that around the corner [Method Man] Yeah, shit on your crew, nigga, it's Wu Rap athletes, the trap sheet bigger than you If you ask me, the Cash Rule Nigga, eat that pussy, you cat food I sneeze on the track, get at you I'm sick in the head, I'm getting some head If she ain't bout getting some bread, don't get in this bed Real talk, mami, you gotta bounce [Raekwon] Wild like Indians, Al Capone-ians Not from Chicago, my gun named Margo It's only when we in beef, we humble in deep Might kill four-five niggas, die in my sleep I argue though, who the best, we hardly know I came through in the S, wash me, yo Yo, yo, do that for me, go around that car [Method Man] Niggas, digging they nose, and digging they ass When I got chips, can't none of ya'll dig in my bag I pop shit, my killas is black, I got chicks that got chicks My real world realer than rap I'm hot, bitch, material, Meth, beyond lyrical Wake up every morning eat that Captain Crunch cereal That's that shit right there [Raekwon] Dick game super, grupa fish, Cris' Krug' lottos I'mma bring it back, one wish Fresh to death, I'm always, always Rae in the hallways Yeah, always stay Ya'll rappers gon' feel my pain, but the other way around When it's going down, I'm gon' rain That's my chair, nigga, get the fuck out of it [Method Man] Yo, fuck you, pay me, if Dirt Dog could see me now He'd probably say "Fuck you, pay me" Blowing smoke clouds, shit's crazy Doorag your dome, get wavy, rap ain't done shit for me lately It's ass backwards, this game trynna play me I bet this never happens to Jay-Z Get money, fuck them haters, real talk [Raekwon] Pay me, play me, weigh he, just the right measurement This may happen in a day, G I'mma keep it real, for real G's, niggas is lame Industry pussies, we can't feel these Regardless that I'm paid in flossy, rich in the mind I do this for the nine niggas who forced me Ya'll niggas is playing me, man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae f/ Solomon Childs, Streetlife Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Smooth Sailing (Remix) Typed by: Cno Evil [Ghostface Killah] Yo, behind those mahogany walls Indoor pools with steel doors, flipping eggs over in my silk drawers While I"m charging my cell, sparking the L Baby mother reading my mail, just that they switched seats To another jail, and his banger is old fire He's locked up with them dudes from the fucking Wire That's when I passed her the bone, started to cough And flossed all through the house, robe on, ruger out Homebuyers see the sign, yeah ya'll, I'm moving out In front of the crib, niggas flipped, I had to shoot it out Thirty G, living room sets, porcelain plates With big giant wall units, even the front grass Saw your boy doing it, Tone Stark he'll never fall I even put work in, under the floor In the box with the ox, and my skeleton jaw Tell 'em soldiers I'm in the bush if the President call [Chorus: Solomon Childs] Get 'em, the'll be nothing but smooth sailing When the heat shot, now your crew's bailing I refuse to bow down, refuse to lay down Go five and turn, to let the biz, all I found [Method Man] Man I thought we told ya'll niggas before, Wu-Tang is for the children P.O.'s violate your dirty urine These dealers in the lobby of my building, ice grilling I don't catch cold to catch feelings I put in that work, then catch millions If that don't work, back to stealing Snatch me a purse, and stack real in Meth, I'm that dealing, millionaire, slash chameleon I mastered the juks, one of my niggas "Masta, killing" Spray shots, clap civilians at the dealing table Off of the love of crack dealing Once again the fatal, flying guillotine, the millions Paper rob me able, my woman is all pre-matul I got mouths to feed, nigga, and I'm the hand that rocks the cradle Just like Hova, but I ain't trying to 'roc' the label I'm a soldier, I stay on job, me, eye a coka Honey's wanna fuck and the industry fucks 'em over [Streetlife] I got my Ghostface on, cuz I'm a Killah I live the Streetlife, why, I'm that nigga Label me a beast, call me U-Godzilla When I rumble in the jungle, I go gorilla Step on the set, Inspectah Deck you Dead in your face, straight RZArect you You highly mistaken, I'm hotter than Satan Catch me in the kitchen with blood on Chef apron I'm known to, Cap a Don, big gun in my palm I'm like my arm is gone, plus I Masta the Kill Give you something, you can really feel Got many Methods to kill a Man, if it's real, you real The world's worse like Dirt McGirt Fuck a bitch raw dog, then dig in her purse Yeah that boy's a Genius, I stay fresh like I'm straight out the cleaners I walk hard like a criminal, holding my penis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth, Ghost & Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Our Dreams Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Michael Jackson "We're Almost There" sample] No matter how hard, the task may seem Don't give up our plans, don't give up our dreams No broken bridges, can turn us around Cause what we're searchin' for, will soon be found [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, listen here, shorty, Camay glow You know we both make angels when we lay in the snow Heat the house with the oven when the cheese got low Cuz Toney, can't be out there pushing that blow You made plans and dreams, not grands of schemes I wanna search for the meaning of love, see what it means Cuz we hustle so hard, cross so many bridges Made babies, took trips to the mall, for family pictures And our souls is magnetic, we the meaning of destiny Be that banker of trust that looks to invest in me Together, to get her, means for me to get you We back, reunite like the Wu See we soul mates, we melt like cookies and cream And I fiend for the days and the nights to sex my queen So no matter how hard it seems, dreams come true Keep Allah in our hearts, hugs and kisses, Toney Starks [Method Man] Uh, still applying the pain The purple frying my brain, this woman's crying again She, tired of fighting, my feelings likely the same That's what happens when you wife 'em and they try to tighten the chain See, she in the right, so I put her right in her lane I'm all night with the pipe, I can feel her biting my chain She, got her own, I ain't gotta buy her a thang I be burning up the sheets everytime I'm lighting the game We, go together like, Martin and Gina, but She get uptight when we fight like Ike and Tina, so Love her or leave her alone, like I ain't need her tho A minute later I'm back, like I ain't mean it, yo We break up, just to make up, she fly without the makeup Together we upgrade to A plus So all this bickering ain't us, we bigger than that You normally cool when I'm digging your back, now fall back, baby [Raekwon] Shorty with the flavor like Breyer's, real sweet with your thick legs Look like you drink eggs, you lying Now you met a teflon don, stay high, Levi's on Wire cell frames, no games I'm into cashing in, getting this paper, buying up acres Ride around, and yo, fuck with my neighbors Pocket full of hundreds and weed, light the Philly cigar up And go dolo, riding through SoHo You hear the little baby in the back? That's the sound of sweet life A sweet wiz'll make you a sweet night And chill with the pawns we on, cuz life is a chessboard You better have you sword and vest on Never hate your enemies, cuz it effects judgment They only hate it if they know you getting hella cheese That's what it is, what it do for you Don't let the truth bore you, word up, don't let the roof spoil The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae f/ Inspectah Deck, Sun God Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Gunshowers Typed by: Cno Evil [Method Man] Another day, another dollar I got mines, ain't got nothing to father Fuck a role model, never had one to follow Lot of cotton mouth rappers, I'm a hard one to swallow Here's another hard one to goggle, fuck your life, that's the motto I'm nice with mics, Cus D'Amato Drug related, blunt guts all up in your condo Hate a noisy woman, why you all up in my convo [Chorus: Method Man] Let me hold something, look at you killas, like you owe something Stole something, give me my paper, 'fore I blow something Right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow I want it right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow Shady niggas hiding the loot, you see my baby needs shoes And the record label trynna recoupe I want it right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow And I mean right now, give me my fucking shit, chicka-blaow [Ghostface Killah] Gun battles, so many chains on the neck Hands and feet, niggas say I'm Shaq Sky blue, terry cloth, low pullover Hit ten like a 2010 new Hova Movies on, never ran it, call me a don Been shitting everywhere, cuz niggas can't stand it Terminate faggots who violate us a square Goon therapy, S.I., we don't fight fair Beef? We can get it on, right here And that includes ya'll low niggas wearing tight gear [Sun God] Sun God, and that's your target, aim right there My money long and green like Buzz Lightyear I'm all right here, the way I move the blow Fuck a show, you would think it was an all white affair Been fuego, more fire here, then you seen me Getting money off the water like a pall bearer there No Newports, Marlboro's here, go smoke that The smoke in your face, bitch, I ain't never cared Get shot down when the Ghost smell fear, let me hold something Look in your face like you owe something [Inspectah Deck] I'm playing for the 'bucks' like Hakeem Warrick Nickel bag in the park, my team on it They want it like that and the street, is dry as a well Hell, that's why I sell crack on the beat I ain't trynna just happen to eat, I'mma make a nigga dance Even if I got to clap in the street This is something like lock up, murder behind bars A warrior, my story defined by my scars Seven thirty verbal, my word work circle You a jerk, fool, I burn you like your birdds do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Dangerous Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You know the deal, nigga Sha what's good nigga? Lex Diamond, your big brother here, you know Let's work this shit out, man Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyo, aiyo [Raekwon] Fresh out the jungle where the blue boys run We carry rugers, smoking toast on your throat like oolas Hitting reefer, playing my square, windbreaker jacket Holding my bear, rock and roll in my lear I have to eat, gun carefully, let the cocaine bling Strings is nothing, get your hoe clapped, king We hundred burners, onion turners, all this, came out the yard With twenty five to lifers, loving my squad You know the gun show off, whips is gleaming, clean as a fuck In dirty hallways, the ninas'll cluck This is crime station, my obligation is to look raw as ever Feed my little sons and patients Cuz they hungry, shining, bullet fly right through the lining Catch me on the plane, humble and wining Feeding me, fresh niggas, downtown, Brooklyn in them brook lands Is Timbed up, looking for them jookes, with my miss and [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] Yo, the streets is a part of me What you witnessing now is don archery Pack a lambskin hostler, one of these rocks'll soft you over You ain't nothing, you'se a bitch ass poser Fiends on your face, on the T-shirt, thinking that you envy the P Underneath'll be R.I.P. That's what you get, yo, for being so cocky Two guns, thumbs up, for me and my posse [Ghostface Killah] Yo, what's the science, little nigga? Yo, you beefing too hard I throw five in your Champ hood, and envy your squad You try to stick out your fucking hand, nah, I don't want no dap, nigga Fucking lucky you ain't get glammed Bitch ass nigga, you wrong, yo, you mingle with rats The other day you got caught with the gat, nigga How you home, nigga? Why you even up in my square? Like you get busy, got the block hot and stare Fresh coffins fast, they spitting, ya'll fake bitches Snitches get mad love, hundred and eight stitches My condolences, word life, if they can find you a real killa Someone close is singing like the Jonases Crime Stoppers, the tips keep pouring in For a G, you be suprised who's going in Block huggers, the ones who be holding they jock And suck my cock, the real cock lovers [Method Man] Ya'll can call me cook up or come back My flow hot, my hood hot, cuz of one rat My block on fire cuz of one match I spit with paper like thumbstacks, these cougars wanna play all these young cats With pussy, turning boys to men, so I resort to the pen But at the same time, I'm pointing the pen And now it's game time, nigga, you in? You better thicken your skin Move with your peoples through the thick and the thin I watch for po-po, they raiding the crib And I ain't trying to get jammed, and have the next man raising my kids God forbid, dudes be hating on his, because a nigga go hard And hit 'em harder then they saying they is But that's just New York, I carry the torch, just long enough To light a Newport and carry this thought Fuck what you thought, the bigger the boss, bigger the cost They don't know about the Tribe of Shabazz, niggas is lost The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Pimpin' Chipp Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, them niggas talking bout ya'll always want some lyrics, right? Real lyrics, well here we go, I'mma tell you a little story That's right, watch this shit, nigga, here we go, ya'll, your ass Yeah, we write for days, hot shit, uh-huh Dope, drugs, sex, murder, King James version [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, needle was left hanging, in the arm of a pimp He walk with a limp, had bitches on the payroll He gave the seeds candy and his family was poor Drove a '68 Caddy with the fur on the door The other macks ain't have jack on him, not even Goldie Slowly, he would rise, kept his runners with the police Jim Brown was his man, his brother was Muslim, they tried to convert him And turn righteous, but the streets got the good of him Big hats with gorgeous stones, honey designed the slacks With two attempts on his bottom bitch, her name was Precious Silky skin, priceless pussy, she took karate Her bubble ass got Pretty Chipp rich You can smell her perfume on every street corner A sexy muthafucka with the mean face on her Precious, sported bulletproof dresses, defending caring sex Thirteen smith, this boo that study her lessons She was the key to Pretty Chipp riches, bitches is fortune slang Control the south side, her name rings Lookout for the black cherry pussy extortion Any other hoes get pregnant, bet they get an abortion Back at the pub, at the Alice spot, bumping the sounds of Curtis Playing Live in the jukebox, this broad named Cookie In the purse, fifty thou' in cash Passed off to Chipp, told him count it fast, another 10 in my bloomers Fuck the rumors, it's lies, baby, you my daddy Bitches never saw me jumping out of Dirt Dog's cabby I'm a loyal bitch, and chicks can't stand me, pimps They know I'm ill, that's why they never put hands on me From Fillmore Slim to Goldie, Pretty Toney Frank War told me, C.C. get that money My potentials, credentials, my mouth stay hot Like Chinese mushrooms, wasabi with spicy lentils The other day I brought a little gat, where I keep near my lower back Cause these niggas don't know how to act At the Apollo, Ray Charles told me Bitch just get in the car, cuz I want you to swallow I jumped in, and his bodyguards follow He was quick, I spit the nut on his '74 wallos He wanted to invite me to Chicago, I said 'nah, daddy' He pushed me out and lit up a Marlboro (Nah, papi) Cuz I'm from New York He taught me the talks, he taught me the walk Cuz I'm Chipp's bitch, we dine and resort Only nigga ever taught me, don't put swine on my fork [Outro: "Cookie"] And that's the truth, rest in peace, papi This Cookie, I still got another tall Goose for you daddy I'mma stick in the grave for you, baby Fuck them other pimps, they ain't got shit on you, daddy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Miranda Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Miranda *speaking Spanish* Yo, man, just let her live, man, stop playing, man Oh, shit, B, where's Miranda? (She with Chef) [Raekwon] I dreamed it, Chef out in Cuba, a ruger Thirty thou' on him, out in Mr. Chow, blew a cloud on him Seen a Latin chick, laughing, clapping Like your style, homey, tell your proud, hit the Crystal Now we chatting, coebers and klickos, who do this a size six She split up, had a brick, I peeped those Her jeans was fitted, hair twisted, long as a fuck She looked Indian, titties was plump Had juicy lips, dimples, imprint on her pussy was mad thick She grabbed my dick, hopped in the window We in the Monte Carlo, bravo, uncle named Pablo Gun connect, and he had his poke in Los Cabos Good money, honey was strung, playing Luther in the background Spanish version, my bunny was horny as fuck Working the kid, we burst later, lay in the bed Duvet sheets, my face hit the spread Then time me, I'm not the kind of nigga, I was cool down at night Drop my gun, shorty, my nigga Body was sexy, "Lexy, come here, nigga, take off your drawers Let me suck your dick, nigga, it's yours Got real watery, Corey, damn you got good dick You forty" spit on it, position your jaw Call me 8-Ball, this pussy like China, climb the Great Wall Then she came like volcanos in the late fall [Ghostface Killah] Lady Miranda, she half black and white like a panda I met her at the BET Awards, in Atlanta Glamour girl, shopping in Bloomingdale's, skin pure Keep a fresh manicure, hands with the cutest nails Wall Street banker, hold accounts with Jewish now Big businessmen, who own stocks in computer sales Meanwhile, I'm checking her jeans out, imagining Her fat bubble, riding my dick, making her scream out She got a mean mouth, her lips is like soup coolers Hotter than niggas riding around with six rugers Miss Beaulah took a day off with a rich jeweler When she came back she had a suitcase full of Fig Newtons I met her at a villa in Vancouver, blowing her man's buddah Bumping Mary J. and that Grand Puba Check the 411, from a smooth operator Got some pictures of her naked, I'll send them to Un later [Method Man] Ay Dio mio, mamacita ass bonita Remind me of the nights of Del Rio I met at the Cotto fights, playing my seat though That night, the linen was white, me and my hijos Live from Puerto Rico, San Juan, where niggas sniff pedrico Look at your man wrong, finito Girl you know how we go, you getting my grown man on Fuck with you primo, maybe I'm hands on, I'll massage your ego And be the love of your life, you know your people, a thug and his wife Gave a look, she was touching my ice, so I looked at my dick Like don't worry, we fucking tonight She boricua, cinnamon skin, sign is Libra She like wife beaters and men that like to eat her Then I meet your feet up, meet me in room 112, light this reefer You act right, and after tonight, I might keep ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae f/ Bully, Sheek Louch, Trife Diesel Album: Wu-Massacre Song: Youngstown Heist Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] For the city, to get this money, Vegas, yo, yeah [Ghostface Killah] (Trife Diesel) Here's the rundown, Mustafa's getting money out in Youngstown Get some goons together, a driver and bring them guns down Heard he had his hands in some bricks, plus a few pounds Hang with some wild Haitians, settle shop in the dude lounge Niggas is migrating, he came from Cue Gardens With a live situation, got it in preparation When you get there, pick up the whip with the navigation And follow all the clowns til you get to your destination (We here Tone, got our masks on, we bout to run up in I know you ain't talking bout the house, with the broken henge 65 Alpine Drive, it's looking shady So I hopped out, pulled the glock out, plus the 3-18 Hit the living room, I've seen a ripped up sofa, a shattered coffee table Broken lamps, and a flipped up stroller The place was ransacked from front to back) Yo, Trife, what you talking, black? (Yo, Starks, cut the bullshit and tell me, where the office at) Take a left and head, down the hallway steps Pass the painting on the wall, the third door on the left The safe is on the wall above the fireplace near the decks Look inside the top drawer, and get the key out the chest [Interlude: Sheek Louch (Bully)] Damn son, aiyo what's taking this nigga Trife so long (I don't know) Oh shit, yo Bull, get down, get down, get down Look at Stark pulling up, son (aww man) I'mma try to kill this nigga [Sheek Louch] (Bully) Aiyo, hurry up I see a car pulling up, windows tinted Can't really tell who's in it, but, I know it's a rented Down south plates, Atlanta or, one of them states (yo the cameras on) Man, I wanna see what's up in those crates Should I pop off, take his top off, before he get to you Bully like (Yo, chill, chill, this is what we gon' do) aight (Go ask for directions, right, I'mma go around the back Wait for them to come inside, I'll hit these niggas with the mack) Ok, before it even get to that, let me see where Trife is at Hopefully he on his way, and no one gotta die today (bang bang) Two shots go off (Homey trapped inside, quick put the mask on, Sheek) Fuck it, Bully, let's ride Shooting out the sunroof, missing and shit I was too high, still think my Dutchie was lit Trife running out the building, busting, cussing Blood everywhere, you had to see this shit (disgusting) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meth Ghost Rae Album: Wu-Massacre Song: It's That Wu Shit Typed by: Cno Evil [Ghostface Killah] Yo, most of the time, yo, I'm flicked up Stepping out the crib like I'm sixed up, don't get it mixed up Even if I'm shaking your hand, I'm still gripped up With two spots left, yeah, we still bricked up Trees pine, gleem no seed, young boys feeling they self, they must be on E's Me? I stay outted out, boating on oceans He banging my old chick, and he mad open Think I smell the goons, they been business since the Tunnel days Shanks out, they ready to move Somebody yelled out 'ballin' In two seconds, lord, they was up on 'em That voice, should of slowed down, baby Now what we gon' tell his lady Jaw on the floor, looking all crazy Alot of vicks been going down in here, lately [Interlude: Ghostface Killah] In 2012, the DJ is still recognized as the crowd controller The record breaking, keep the bottles popping and all the ass shaking [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] It's that Wu shit, it's that movement It's the Wu shit, in the house [Ghostface Killah] Yo, should I talk about all the jewels I wore on my neck While you had to tuck your little shit in out of respect I'm a done, rebel out of Staten Island projects I dare ya'll to come in my projects Leave with no head, no neck You thought I was Flex, the way I bombed the set In the hallway, banger house, smelling like cake Tongueing bitches down, most of them got scraped Watch how I move the crowd, I'mma make 'em, make 'em clap to this No shit, no doubt Two shots of Hennessey, ladies want Goose Earlier them fronting niggas, now they want a truce Mami got a bubble in her Jimmy Choo shoe When I go and kick it, she's a goodie two-shoe? Yeah, right, daddy got bread Like J. Holiday, I wanna put you to bed Tell me your girlfriends, kicks, don't let it go to your head Walking around in your cheap ass threads Get away from me, stinky [Method Man] Yeah, yo, I spit lines from the rubble room Bottom line, I kick mines, like a mother's womb I'm, still in my prime, fuck them other dudes No biting's the rule, but we can eat each other's food Flash a camera at the all time great Single handing increase New York's crime rate That's why I love it in the Empire State The city where your fat ass can still find weight But ya'll ain't getting it, the game is different And in the recession, alot of veterans is quitting it Every day I'm living it, your boy got blunts Fighting after school, alot of ya'll got jumped Staten Island, bro, ratchet under my coat, potato salads so And we silencing that, just every day challenge us Check a nigga out of respect, I'm spectacular, this the Massacre The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Streetlife Album: Ain't a Damn Thing Changed (S) Song: Ain't a Damn Thing Changed Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Uh... what's really good? Yo, yo, yo... [Method Man] It's the unstoppable, over come any obstacle Ya'll know my flavor, pack more punch than Tropical Any mission possible, do what I gots to do Labels gettin' butterfingers, and next they droppin' you You think you know, but you have no idea The Diary of a Meth Man, what's this I hear? Somebody told ya'll, steppin' in shit was good luck? I got the hood stuck, chh-chh, now give the goods up Ya'll done pushed up, past the point of no return It's Meth's turn, so roll that shit up and let's burn I heard Philly got the best 'scherm, out in Cali, they got the best perms Now that we know, when will the rest learn? Come on, each one, teach one, hear no evil, and I don't speak none Everything cool until that heat come Just call my name, and I'll be there Ya'll kids is slum, like the jewelry in Albi Square [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Method Man)] Let me do my thang, thang, thang Guns soundin' shitty when they bang, bang, bang (lord) New York City in the game, game, game Recognize Johnny Blaze ain't a damn thing changed (haha) [Hook 2X: Streetlife (Method Man)] Method spits fire (Fire!) The roof's on (Fire!) My crew's on (Fire!) [Streetlife] M-E-T, H-O-D... [Method Man] Man, I'm in the house like foreclosures Talk sober, until some dog gets forced over New York soldiers, be at ease, fall back Never ever, I'm the New Era, like ball caps Kid, whenever, whoever, whatever, ya'll want it Ya'll can have it, the problem and answer, I'm all that While we at it, let's tighten up our grips around that cabbage Silly rabbit, how many kid's done tricked you on your carrots The product of a bad package, like Bishop Don Juan it's Magic How I break 'em like a bad habit, hit tracks like it's target practice Then let these darts take a stab at it Niggas ain't got it, ain't never had it I jam like L.A. traffic, Jellyroll behind the wheel And the passenger seat behind the field It's your boy, physically fit, mentally sick Get dirty money, told you honey, I'm filthy rich [Hook 2X w/o "fire" the second time] [Interlude: Method Man] Yeah, ya'll niggas don't know it's a game Until it starts again... haha! [Method Man] Six minutes, Method Man, you're on If you thinkin' you gon' slip and be alright, you're wrong You can see me lightin' the bong, while writin' the songs That the crowd, is either singin' to or fightin' along, fightin' along I'm try'nna tell you drugs is not your friends And girlfriend, don't try and front like you got your friend I'm at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn And my chick's a man-eater, she be swallowin' men Aight, live from New York, it's Saturday night I got pipes that drain your confidence, and battery light Aight, mami tight, but she ain't really my type If ya'll don't see me treat her right, then she ain't really my wife When I was young, I was stayin' in school, obeyin' rules Play with my food, what makes you think I'm playin' with you? This is it, ya'll better come on in, the water's fine Jump on in, let's do it to 'em one more 'gain [Hook 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: The Riddler 12"   (Music From and Inspired by the Motion Picture 'Batman Forever') Song: The Riddler Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Dead crosswords, puzzling your delf (Get yourrrrrrrr headpiece strapped on tight)  See, that's what I'm talkin bout When you take the Johnny Blaze (you're dealing with Johnny Blaze) (the Johnny Blaze) and you take that game and you plug that here into Bobby Steels  (ohh yeahhhhh) Nowwwww you are playing with power (yeahhhhh get that mouthpiece screwed on right dude) (You're dealing with the Bobby Steels) with power (the Bobby Steels) Now you are playing with power Verse One: I got your mind twisted Unrealistic wavelength draining on your brain-strip inflicted Crosswords puzzling your delf Questioning your own mental health (yeah) it's like a maze within itself (yeah) Check the grimey, slimey, slimey Crim-inim-inal indivi-dual I be Searching for the Dark Knight Lurking in the shadows of the city (the city) he roll with jiggy My crime committee, robbing every Gotham piggy bank blinnnnnnnd Take a journey through the mind of a Riddler Chorus: Tax free money not a problem (that's no problem) A price to get the ice not a problem (that's no problem) A body for a price not a problem (that's no problem) Hmm -- The Riddler Verse Two: Once again it's the mind bender, three-time felony offender Demented, brain cemented, mixed in the blender I lose ya, mass-confusion, question mark clues in What where why whose-in, quiz Time to ask yourself who it is Sheisty P.L.O. underhanded biz, invading brothers wigs (wigs) Can I live Corrupt and bringing all the misery and suffering Pain, you couldn't cure with a Bufferin Rotating, ridiculous, rapid-fire riddle Bat get trapped in the middle of The Riddler Chorus: Murder for the evil not a problem (not a problem) To the gen there ain't no sequel not a problem (it's not a problem) Big up to all my people not a problem (that's no problem) Hah-hah, The Riddler Verse Three: Observe if you will I'm in my hide-out in the back of the hill (yeah) I crack a wall then I caught about a mil  Co-defendant Johnny Blaze and Bobby Steels  We was blazing hardware (hardware) Turn the corner you can hear the wheels squeel *rehrrarrrr* On that ass fast was the Batmobile (Batmobile) I can tell by the demon on the grill, this was real Alley-cat screaming *ahhh*, I hit a trash can Garbage everywhere, money flying out the bags and trying to escape, code nine with the cape Or else he'd be headed upstate, it's The Riddler Chorus: Talkin suicide, not a problem (that's no problem) If you're speaking homicide not a problem (that's no problem) You want to talk genocide not a problem (that's no problem) It's The Riddler Outro: Word up, that's no problem Stim-ulim-uli, stim-ulim-uli Feel good don't it And you know it Got ta, hotter You're playing... with... power Artist: DMX, Method Man, Nas, Ja Rule Album: Belly soundtrack Song: Grand Finale Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX - dialogue] I ain't goin back to jail Next time, the County or the State see me it's gonna be in a bag UHH! This is it baby! End of the road, ha hah! When you a dawg, you a dawg for life! You don't hear me though, you don't hear me though You don't hear me though, c'mon, c'mon! [Method Man] Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from the Friday the 13th, ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin, snatch yo' ass out that S-Class for fakin, forty-fo' blast is a bloodbath, take your first step down a thug path Ain't no love here, just slugs here Kids know the half you get plugged here, that's just impossible for the weak to last now behold the unstoppable Third eye watchin you, watchin me Throwin rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea Young G we was born to die, don't cry for me Just keep the heat closely and ride for me Cause we family for better or worse, you and I from the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt to be here, and each year, I'm pourin out more beer for deceased peers, holdin fort Police line 'Do Not Cross', they found his corpse in the loft with the head cut off, and butt naked Homicide the crime Method, add another killer verse to the murder record, the Grand Finale [Lennox speaking - movie dialogue] Who wan' test me, c'mon! Me shot pussy-hole fi fun [Nas Escobar] Hot corners, cops with warrants, every block is boring Friday night, getting bent, lick a poem My dawg, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but, dawgs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge, and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh Chorus: Ja Rule (repeat 2X) When you a dawg you a dawg for life (ride or die) My dawgs feel pain from love (see eye to eye) Give us one shot at life (let us fly) Come on niggaz! (we dawgs for life) [DMX and Lakid {dialogue}] There's mad money out here dawg Mad money out here What you tryin to get it? (Word up) You gonna bust your gun to get it? (Tsh, whatever yo) I hear you I hear you [DMX] Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D The dawg come and getcha outside The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED? Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine, c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall Chorus Artist: Prodigy, KRS-One, Method Man, KAM (in order of appearance) Album: Bulworth soundtrack Song: Bulworth (They Talk About It While We Live It) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Prodigy] Aiyyo, wordup Dunn Man you know how I feel Gotta be more to it than this, word up *Doing an impression of Scarface* This what it's all about Dunn? Uh? Eating, drinking, fucking, sucking (Can't understand) Whattup, I don't know baby Nah man, it's not, it's not yo word up I'm tellin you right now I know this shit though, aiyyo Disagreeable, foul energy, tryin to absorb my energy, knowin it's the strength of me Take a few to give me a edge My green light shine bright, Kryptonite type Fully operational, my physical cream Put the bottles of smoke down, pick up a magazine Popped it inside the AR-15 Put it aside, round up the regime While you rely on religion, I hold a nine on the mission, to pull fire on your opposition Revelation was the vision of this Crack the heavens, it's time to bring the business, shit My story goes back to them lost Pyramids I'm seeing things that you won't believe exists He use a Lunar-tick, suspended in time Dunn The secondary light got your mind You rock the fatigues, to squab until ?popular? guns But are you really prepared, for the things to come? [KRS-One] Check it out True underground sound from the Boogie Down Uptown Downtown gather round for the showdown, in they faces Calling out these racists, at Rolling Stone Spin Details and other places, KRS is The Source Fuck these magazine leadin hip-hop off course You'll print about Black Mayors, Black Senators Why you ain't got no Black Editors? Everytime I do an interview in Rolling Stone They sendin me a writer that look like he's Home Alone Ignorant, to the culture and the microphone This has got to stop -- your whole spot is blown sky high, battle why try? My view is bird's eye, scopin with my third eye You don't understand, why you're publically banned until you recognize the writing skills of a black man Black Editor, all of us ain't thuggin Gossiping over who's homosexual Some of us are Black Intellectuals, up in Harlem World You can't get with me, so now in Midtown you wanna stop and talk to me? Bitch ass journalist, is this your fake hip-hop publication? Look I'm burnin this [Method Man] How many didn't want to see it happen Street moves, live from Staten, if life is a joke, nobody laughin Hate to see a brother do good through legal action So you sabotage and throw a Def in the Squad Fo'-fo's blastin, keep the po-po flashin these Dark Soul Assassins, Jake's hate the Gods with a passion So I keep it movin in an orderly, fashion Pedal to the floor -- peep the Jim Crow law, mind control theory Y'all niggaz don't hear me, Generation Next Droppin fast who's next, next to get wet by the reign of the tech-knowledgy, follow me Open up wide now, swallow me, every calorie is reality the truth, the whole truth and nothin but the truth, taste is the proof These niggaz want the Juice, and in the crossfire be the youth, who didn't learn to duck when they shoot [KAM] What kind of party is this, it's that political kind Where America's best, most hypocritical minds Try they hands at keepin y'all deaf dumb and blind And for the right dollar sign, do white collar crime behind suits, and clean shaves I confuse em and use em as tools and slaves Because my schools is graves and jobs is plantations -- I robs the damn nation so I can live in luxury, you fucks with me You marryin the dirt and I'ma throw in the tux for free I tell the people what they wanna hear I make em laugh and cheer, and then they re-elect me every year So when the coast is clear, I stop duckin and start back doin dope, cussin and fuckin I kiss the babies, shake hands, wave and smile for flicks That's my style, my pol-i-tricks Triple-Six convicts, lyin is automatic in the government, Republican or Democratic Fuck Freedom, Justice and Equality Nigga just accept my apology and suck this trick-knowledgy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man + Redman f/ Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley Album: Red Star Sounds Presents: Def Jamaica Song: Lyrical .44 Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Redman] Selecta come!!!!! [Marley] Play this song on your fuckin radio, play this song on your fuckin radio [Verse 1: Method Man] Oh no, another flow lyrica forty fo' If it gets deep, jump in feet first then hold yo' nose I'm a beast when you step on my toe you hear my whistle Checkin 'em hoe, you see my pistol lettin it go I couldn't wait to do a song right, hardly 'gon do ya wrong Time to party, Meth, Stephen Marley and Jr. Gong So selecta, come with it, awww shit it Now y'all done did it, supper ready y'all come get it Now who 'gon stop me block me pop lock me knock me Jamaica posse most high Haile Selassie Allah willin, another sound boy killin I'm hot bitch I don't catch cold or catch feelings The truth be the ghetto youth And Def Jam y'all know the Meth Man take care of his fam That's what y'all better do Examine our skin we plannin to win Worldwide tell the people we be jammin again [Verse 2: Redman] Make way for Reggie Hammond I, dig 'em out then tie 'em up for randsome I, shoot at your feet make you start dancin I'm pissin on your picnics where ya campin Doctor got the ziplock from Ziggy When the zig zag roll I'll rip your zip code Got bitches fucked up off the hypno I tip toe, then wait till they bend over (There I go) Aiyyo money I got a mo ped in Jamaica sittin on twenties (Blaow!) Look out, guns in the air (Blaow!) Selecta guns in the air No Belvedere it's Tiger Bone to get it crackin Aiyyo dread right or wrong I'm a sinner, winner of the underground swimmers Eat dinner, in front of Bob Marley pin up [Chorus: Redman] I don't care about your blinb bling bling Over here we let them things ring BLAOW!!! Give it to me BLAOW!!! give it to me BLAOW!!! Shoot it up BLAOW!!! give it up I don't care about your blinb bling bling Over here we let them things ring BLAOW!!! Give it to me BLAOW!!! One time BLAOW!!! give it to me BLAOW!!! give it up [Verse 3: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] I neva wonda why so much ganja reach ya And dem a wonda how so much conquer feature Blunt dem so big a must fi bun it Bob and Peter Teach it like a teacher preach it like a preacher Put you in a fever Pussy couldn't style mi up plus no under achieve Gimme di rizla gimme di cup and a couple senorita Jr. Gong di veteran a trouble when mi reach ya DJ fi fi fan dem inna Grandtsand and di bleacha Jumpin off on di truck, you best believe yah Babylon a smell skunk and couldn't get mi neitha Well ever since a likkle ghetto yute dem get mi crippled So mi know seh babylon dem a go get a weopen Everytime when we hear some politician trippin When a di big ting promote I'm right there wid di clip in So just smile now yuh flip yuh likkle flippin lippin Got a big forty five it's trigga finga lickin Then mi buck up yuh face so far yuh don't know what's happenin Dem wonderin how yuh get so slim it's like yuh fat and go gym Get mi girl inna mi cabin and mi cabin stabbin It is slappin jappin dappin it is non stoppin Hey! No pork caan cook inna mi kitchen If a gal try dat she's a dead pigeon Well woman a tear off mi pants stitchen Natty dreadlocks inna di benz and have recline switchin If a bwoy nuh like dat him may end up missin Rastafari dun tell yuh don't listen [Outro: Marley] Play this song on your fuckin radio, play this song on your fuckin radio The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: The Great White Hype soundtrack Song: Bring the Pain (alternative mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (he keeps talks to the class) Basically (fuck you) can't fuck with me Verse One: I came to bring the pain hardcore from the brain Let's go inside my astral plane Find out my mental's based on instrumental records hey, so I could write monumental Methods, I'm not the King But niggaz is decaf I stick em for the cream check it, just how deep can shit get Deep as the abyss and brothers is mad just accept it In your Cross Colour, clothes you've crossed over Then got totally crossed out like Kris Kross Who da boss? Niggaz get tossed to the side and I'm the dark side of the force Of course it's the Method, Man from the Wu-Tang Clan I be hectic, and coming for the head piece protect it Fuck it, two tears in a bucket, niggaz want the ruckus bustin at me punk now bust it Styles, I gets buckwild Method Man on some shit, pullin niggaz files I'm sick, insane crazy, Drivin Miss Daisy out her fuckin mind now I got mine I'm Swayze Chorus: Is it real son, is it really real son Let me know it's real son, if it's really real Something I could feel son, load it up and kill one Want it raw deal son, if it's really real Interlude: Booster (The Booster!) And when I was a lil stereo I listened to some champion I always wondered Will now I be the numba one? Now you listen to de gargon And de gargon summary And any man dat come test me Me gwanna lick out dem brains Verse Two: Brothers want to hang with the Meth bring the rope the only way you hang is by the neck nigga poke off the set comin to your projects Take it as a threat, better yet it's a promise Comin from a vet on some old Vietnam shit Nigga you can bet your bottom dollar hey I bomb shit And it's gonna get even worse word to God It's the Wu comin through vickin niggaz for they garments Movin on your left, southpaw em it's the Meth Came to represent and carve my name in your chest You can come test realize you're no contest Son I'm the gun that won that old Wild West Quick on the draw with my hands on the four nine three eleven with the rugged rhymes galore Check it cause I think not when it's hip-hop like proper Rhymes be the proof when i'm drinkin 90 proof Huh vodka, no OJ, no straw When you give it to me yeah, give it to me raw I've learned that when you drink Absolut straight it burns Enough to give my chest hairs a perm I don't need a chemical blow to pull a hoe All I need is Chemical Bank to pay the mo Outro: Basically you're left with Meth-Tical {Northern spicy brown mustard hoes} coming with Tical and when you see it happen, you stick em Puttin Def Jam's on my records, it's on I'll fuckin, slide you down a rusty razor-blade into a pool of alcohol (alright bring it back) I'll fuckin, I'll fuckin, cut your kneecaps off and make you kneel in some staircase piss I'll fuckin (that nigga got his but cut) cut your eyelids off (and served by the cube) and feed you nothing but sleeping pills (like a cool Cuban out this motherfucker... he got a half a joint, and one eyebrow) (Yeah and Rae got a shell-toe) You motherfucker (One shell-toe Adidas on his feet) (Sooooo????) So fuck the hoe Fuck the hoe Look at this nigga, this motherfuckin, shoe-lookin Baby spicy mustard, shoe-lookin! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man and Redman Album: How High Soundtrack Song: America's Most Typed by: Gforce5982@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo, welcome This is MC sharper image I'm standing here with my dog technology And we are here to uplift you mind and upgrade your systems so come on down everyone that wants to get some plug in and boot, and boot [Method Man] Yo, Yo, I couldn't give a rat's ass I've come to eat grub and slap ass And show my whole entire black ass Y'all know the saying he who laughs last laughs loudest Bang the loudest, can't a coward do a thing 'bout it What the bum-ba claat like "aye carumba" Here's my name and number, lets "La Rhumba" Doc, it makes me wonder; how many heads has Heather Hunter's How many different conclusions to come to And my sixteen bars meth, hittin' too hard With a total disregard for whole entourage Rap phenom, slap your ass, snap your thong to my theme song And hope you don't get clap upon Who that kid, as dirty as that Ol' Dirty Bastard Who that kid, who pack a tool belt and dirty belt and dirty ratchet Set your tape recorder, lock down your daughter Soon as a touch the rap game, out of order [Redman] Do I get brollic Gimme that car ill show you how to flip mileage Gimme that mic, ill short it with a quick wattage Skip college for the big wallet The ape with a fire escape from the weight of a hit product My draft is cold like miller beer When you hear it, you see more stars than tigger's cheer The red nigga here, and its out of control Something like when Ron Gold' went out with Nicole I'll bring it back to the streets where the crooks belong And if it ain't come back raw, you cooked it wrong Gangsta bomb, hold your nose At the show, ill be shittin' out my mouth like my colon closed Me and meth, 100 proof, in case y'all a biter And ovaries, feel these great ball of fire (Doc, where the lighter) I'm hemming them up Coffee grind them and put them in a vanilla dutch [Hook] (with America's' most after the end of each line) Believe that, the brothers in the house now be that Believe that, lets turn the mother out now, be that Beback , that what it all about now ,be that We not playin' (knowwhatinsayn' sonsayin) Believe that, the brothers in the house now be that Believe that, lets turn the mother out now, be that Beback , that what it all about now ,be that Fuck with the meth(knowwhatinsayn' sonsayin) [Method Man] I'm looking at you killers like you stole something, fuck ya life Trust my niggaz, sometimes for I trust my wife Fuck it, I'm nice, y'all don't be rushing the mic With your guns in your left hand Not bustin' it right Ain't no I in the team Ain't no eyen' my cream I'm a semi-auto, clean Rapid-fire machine Cocky, six foot three with knock knees Attract hoodrats for blocks cause I got cheese [Redman] yo, dude I carry cheese, but I don't flaunt it when the towel it thrown it, you know there's grown men that spoke on it We both want it, the Trackmasters Puncturing holes in the beat when a vocal tone poke on it Barbaric, my caddie truck beyond average with the same size wheels that on a horse carriage up in the air , spot my dudes Rollin' over shit like B. Rhymes on mountain dew [Hook] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill f/ Method Man, Redman Album: How High Soundtrack Song: Cisco Kid Typed by: Dwhite7252@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist We gonna get you high (*whispered in background 6 times*) Let's get high (*whispered in background 2 times*) (B-Real) I flow rhymes off just like weed in your chest Think you got endo, hold your breath Spittin on the track with Red and Meth Holdin up a fat, when you smoke a cassette Or CDs, we bees the ones with the Ouija's Spread it on the arm, come on believe me Look who it is, it's the funky feel Smokin assassin from Cypress Hill We think she's just resonated? Fillin my brain till it's saturated When you get the crushed weed and cultivate it Give it to the hoes who love to hate it Cause blunts get filled like Hershey Highways I don't give a fuck who sits where I blaze Chillin at the rainbow high and faded You saving that bump(??), then isolate it (Method Man) Is there a Doctor in the house? We like fuck that, nut sacks in your mouth Lemme show you what a thug about We can talk or we can slug it out Better yet, you can bark like a bitch when I thug it out There it is, a better a kid, ahead of his Time to settle this, like men I'm pipin hot, exciting Right in the gym or hype in them, alright then All day I drink and smoke Shell toe with ankles in ya both Cent, five cents, ten cents, dollar Rocwilder blend the track and getting hotter Ask your boy, now pass your boy something to smoke Cause you have had nothing to throat, swallow Bang the track, bring your bat Ain't too many that can hang with that So why bother (Chorus) Cisco Kid was a friend of mine Hell yea Cisco Kid was a friend of mine Hell yea He drank whiskey, Pancho drank the wine Hell yea He drank whiskey, Pancho drank the wine Hell yea (Cypress Hill) Yea, send all, and fall back And who wrote on this track I don't really give a fuck Put the pen down lets toss them up Soul assasins, Latin thugs Whole damn world know about us Rhymes we kick and weed we pour Get tus vatos all fucked up And sing along to my get high song Had you choking off of four foot bong Cypress Hill and weed, can't go wrong Keep you smoking like Cheech and Chong (Redman) Yo, call me that Doctor P-Funk or chronic blower Pussy smoker, strap toker, back broker Hash burns in your pull out sofa This is my brain on drugs Move out my way cuz, cause I might run you over Bitches bounce your titties I bounce with a pump shotgun Look out, the highest man in the world Walkin off with my hand on your girl Can't drink and can't stand in the world Niggas, two puffs and then pass me the L What you talking about I'm not high enough to start that party Triple beater enter the stage with a gauge Don't shoot nobody What you ain't high enough? Do I gotta jump out there and tie you up? Strap a bomb to your mouth Till you wired up Till the Park Ranger call the Firetruck And said “Hey motherfucker, what you be smoking on?” I said “Hey motherfucker, why do you want some?” Yo, yo, give me the gun, we don't need to fight Hold that blunt, I'll give you a light Don't no nigga want to die tonight With all this weed, get high tonight.. BITCH! Chorus 2 times The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man and Redman Album: How High Soundtrack Song: Let's Do It Typed by: Mcvirrie@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Redman] Grab a - hold to ya seats, my style bulldoze the streets I talk dirty, puncture holes in my teeth Cavity creep, I'm young hung over thirty You with it move with it, now shut up I'm cool with it Doc-tor, Jurassic IV rap-tor Wrap your head in a gorge in trenches where rats crawl It's mine (brrrr) that's yours, my gun is bisexual It's hittin male or female when I'm lettin go This is a code alert; my truck rim size da number on Jordan shirt, 23's got to work We stick to the streets my shell toe's Velcro  There I go - wearwolf standing with scarecrow s Y'all niggaz barely move me  'til you grow some balls like ms. Mann from Scary Movie You banned from being mooly I keep it black gutter, white gutter Chinese gutter by these brothers Here try these fuckers here [Chorus: Meth and Red] All my niggaz let's do it All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it My block let's do it [Method Man] I'm just too Kool and the Gang, it's a beautiful thang Street pharmaceutical slang scoop loose in the brain One mo' gen juice in my gin abusin yo chin Be losing your religion again when the venom kicks in Living with sin citizen X triple the threat  Mad dog wreck a animal house send in the vets There it goes picking my nose fixing my clothes At the same time keeping my flows different from yourz Low key with the gold teeth half a O-Z on my person Lookin at y'all niggaz like y'all owe me For certain I'm all that my fo'-mat wearin out ya do'-mat I'm hurtin commercialized acts It's a wrap pull the curtain, Long John be long gone I pop shit and pop more bottles then Sean Don I got chip I'm just too ghetto like Banton Mike V it's all in my jeans like Sean John [Chorus: Meth and Red] - repeat 2X All my niggas let's do it All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it My block let's do it [Redman] Oow put ya ear to the train track I'm still comin I +Stroke+ +Different+, after hours ya Phil Drummond Peel lemons and put 'em in bitches Coronas Hopin bitches will bone us, throw they lips on my shoulder Where all my dirty fingernail tell her right hell I'm a lay patient to play Jason and when you nightmare STOP pop cordureoys and we order toys Medulla oblongata mean on them +Waterboys+ Gorilla man do whatever I'm bound to make a fan do the same thing Stan did in a letter I bounce with a bitch with a ounce on a trip Take her girlfriend, nut in they mouth when they kiss  And I make em SCREAM - I go banana yo With animal anecdotes with Hannibal hammer loads You be ducking like the pope when he bow in You get that for touchin pit throats when they chowin  [Chorus: Meth and Red] - repeat 2X All my niggas let's do it All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it My block let's do it [Method Man] Now that's that shit - that makes me zone the fuck out in the club and get thrown the fuck out Now ain't that a bitch - if y'all ain't with us then forget us Miss Ebon ? hip hop guerillas Damn just do the damn thing, ruin the game For everybody bury the body, ruin my name Meth man left hand Game Boy Advanced Def Jam's employee of the month now let's dance [Chorus: Meth and Red] - repeat 2x All my niggas let's do it All my bitches floorin that ass let's do it Looks a crooked eye motherfucker let's do it Meth and Doc we got it locked let's do it My block let's do it [Method Man] Haha let's do it {5x} Meth and Doc All my peoples all my bitches Meth and Doc The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & Redman f/ Toni Braxton Album: How High soundtrack Song: Part II Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro: Toni Braxton (Redman/Method Man)] I, I get so high (Redman: Yo ladies and gentlemen.. we got Toni Braxton up in the house) (Method Man: So high that I can kiss the sky bitch) (Redman: We live up in here y'all, let's get high) (Method Man: Motherfucker get high) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) [Method Man] Tical shittin again -- spittin to win Loaded guns, clip in the end, none sicker than him Yes indeed, I'm ill as any STD's or sex disease These dirty rats want extra cheese On that piece of the pie, now ask me how high? Until ya reach for the sky blame the crooked letter I That's my home, 23's wrapped in chrome Not only snap on y'all niggaz but I'll snap dem bones Slap your dome, make you leave that crack alone You got the, key to the city but the latch is on I gots it locked, bringin the noise bringin the Funk Doctor Spock Bringin my boys bringin you lungs Pop the glock but only if you feel this shit Jack the Ripper, don't make me have to kill this bitch Back to get'cha put it in check that's the Mista Meth with his wood on your neck, shut your lips up [Chorus - Toni Braxton (Redman & Method Man)] I, I get so high (Smoke cheeba cheeba smoke cheeba cheeba) I, can touch the sky (You so high that I can kiss the sky sky) I, I get, so high (Brick City and The Crooked Letter I) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) [Redman] You can, call on the man when the party is borin I'll have these hoes strippin till it's part of the mornin I love a fat chick, with a body enormous It ain't about the weight yo it's how they performin My dash is 180, my weed half a pound When the smoke in the air my nose like basset hounds I don't stash the dro', nigga divide I'm that nigga that ride with trigga to give a supply High, is how I stay all the time (Method Man: Niggaz close your doors) Yo bitches shut all your blinds If I'm, hard to find take two puffs and pass I stay back but my Benz moved up a class It's Doc and Meth the format is real sickenin Contagious, we out for Mr. Biggs women You better shut your trap when my dogs around We pissin on fire hydrants, so walk around bitch! [Chorus: Toni Braxton (Redman & Method Man)] I, I get so high (Smoke cheeba cheeba smoke cheeba cheeba) I, can touch the sky (You so high that I can kiss the sky sky) I, I get, so high (Brick City and The Crooked Letter I) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) [Method Man] Mista Method Man, puttin in work, foot in the dirt Like it's all good, roll through yo' hood, pushin a hearse I wish y'all would, come aruond like Clint Eastwood As if your, reppin your hood in my neck of the woods Street gorillas in the PJ's, grimy bitch I wear the same shit for three days, find me lit Blunt sparks like Felipe - fuck the he say, the she say Adjust the microphone, plus the cliche [Redman] Yo, call me the Bob Backlund, I'll break backs on hoes that look like Toni Braxton, come run with these boney masked men I'm out the gutter, I'm to send your baby mother out for rubbers, we fuckin tonight Bitches wanna crowd around, how I'm cuffin the mic I'm a gorilla, leave a banana stuck in your pipe Cause I'm a real block winner, the Doc inna Bitch one of my balls bigger than the Epcot Center! [Chorus: Toni Braxton (Redman & Method Man)] I, I get so high (Smoke cheeba cheeba smoke cheeba cheeba) I, can touch the sky (You so high that I can kiss the sky sky) I, I get, so high (Brick City and The Crooked Letter I) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) I, I get so high (Smoke cheeba cheeba smoke cheeba cheeba) I, can touch the sky (You so high that I can kiss the sky sky) I, I get, so high (Brick City and The Crooked Letter I) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) High (Let's Get) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Cappadonna, Method Man Album: High School High soundtrack Song: Wu-Wear: The Garment Renaissance Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Method Man Ain't what you want baby It's what you need baby Ain't what you want baby It's what you neeeeeeeed Verse One: RZA Yo diamond crystal rings sharp like icicles nickel plated pistols, official Wu-Wear covers my physical Insulated thermal while others drain they co four butt solos Photographic photo type static great motivated soldier Or Wu say boulder head flower You can detect the true and living God from the scorer Keep your sword straight, maintain your weight But he ate too much monosodiumglutumate, and polysorbate And drug rate concentrate, with sodium benzoate By the chicken thighs and tryglycerides And this bitch advertised her breast size Eighty-five didn't realize, til the truth opened up his eyes Then he became highly civilized and spent time amongst the wise, went through a garment renaissance and stopped wearing Benetton Tommy Hill, Perry Ellis, Nautica, or Liz Claiborne Ocean Pacific, Fila, Bill Blass and leave fitted Quit the Armani sweaters with the Gucci wool knitted Now all he buys, Kani's, Cross Colours, Shabazz Brothers Mecca, Pelly Pell, 88, North Q, Bear and a few others For the new year, strictly Wu-Wear Chorus: Method Man Ain't what you want baby It's what you need baby Ain't what you waaaaaant Verse Two: Cappadonna Pele egg-head the top dresser One man catalog the London Fog casual hog Biere denim with the Cash Wu Nike and Kangol king Everyday, DLO jacket he gripped with the drawstring Fila supply big daddy started haveta brown skin derby master Tommy Hil Advil Double button Woolridge, red dickie turtleneck Mockneck, eighteen carat holdin my twenty-two shine In this like Macy's or Bloomingdale's The Century 21 son, the new portfolio dunn Now it's my time, Asian Wu-Wear, Cap and fleece wear One wear plaids the Don will hold the best for all wear plus blue wear, Wu-Wear, what's going on We're the best of this year, Wu-Wear and fleece wear Verse Three: Method Man Ain't what you want baby It's what you need baby Just come see me satisfaction guaranteed baby Just hold your own baby and just rock on baby I got this wine on my mind feelin fine darlin Now all you see baby ain't what you need baby I wanna know just how low it goes Official nasty asses, straight shots in dirty glasses Wu-Wear fleece for you and your stinkin piece Hard time and killer tactics Just hold your own baby Now just rock on baby I got this wine on my mind feelin fine darlin Now all you see baby Ain't what you need baby I wanna know just how low it go Just hold your own baby Now just rock on baby I got this wine on my mind feelin fine darlin Now all you see baby Ain't what you need baby I wanna know, how low, it go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah, Method Man, Prodical, RZA, ShaCronz, Suga Bang Bang Album: Wu-Tang Killa Beez: The Sting Song: K.B. Ridin' Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Intro: Ghostface Killah (RZA) {Method Man}] Word (These mothafuckin' niggaz, man) Yeah, I hear that, you got that shit, right? (Yeah, I got it) Lemme hear it (I'ma two-way Sunn back right now Next time she show up right on time for this shit) Word, no doubt (Better stop smokin' on that shit) Fuck that, hey, don't do it with him (Whatever) Yo yeah, lemme get that mothafucka's sayin' on this, nigga (Yeah, niggaz be buggin' in here Nigga don't speak no fuckin' English, word?) You get me everything? (I got you a cheese joint) {Diamond buscuits, mothafucka!} [Break: Method Man (RZA) {Prodical}] Now let's see, we don't get down like that See, he holds his own, haha, he holds his own Haha, he holds his own (Bank!) (John Blizzy) {Straight like that} He holdin' twenty on this (Ghost Deini) {Uh-huh! Yeah!} (ShaCronz) {The invincible, baby) Bad boys (Suga Bang) {It's like that!} (D-Digi!) [Method Man (Prodical)] Spontaneous combustion got niggaz lustin' Fuckin' with this head bustin' track spanker Decaffinator, crab sinker, twenty-five Tryin' to live to see my forty acher, before I die Immaculate conceptions like loaded weapons Shootin' up ya rap session in mere seconds (Bluh! Bluh!) Ya whole style is undressin' Try to hide yaself behind the R&B section And got spotted, fuckin' with them fake artists who make garbage Now ya like a human target with no direction And no protection, rap nigga assed out and no question Dead and buried, we holdin' like the military Fuck Dog Shit, hide-out beats and hot cherries On virgin mic's, style very cri-Tical By any means necessary, mad lyr-ical The Ghostrider, want vengeance on you style biters Ya whole sect got you gassed 'til I sparked the lighter And burnt that ass like Dhalsim in Street Fighter I play the shadows, scopin' out you lime lighters and Desperados [Chorus: Suga Bang Bang (RZA) {Prodical}] Killa Beez is ridin' East to West, baby See our twenties spinnin' on our trucks, baby Diamonds, Cubans hangin' from our neck, baby Come on, come on [Interlude: RZA {Prodical}] {Baby cuz It's Not a Game} You see them mothafuckin' twenty-inch chromes spinnin'? {Rocked out, baby, ice hangin'} [Ghostface Killah (RZA)] Bailed out from drugs, almost retired from bubblin' Hammers was the guns under the rug, lift off my publishin' Jet to Miami, I chuggle-lug the beat Fiends beepin' me, I erase and delete (Come on) Surrounded my palm trees and sound-proof condos Tryin' out Spanish foods, Roberto's bangin' bongos Do whatever, crackin' down weather, it means nice Walkin' down the strip, these fat niggaz broke the ice Drive it in a host, the trucks, the gate's wide open A square box fell out, I'm hopin' it be coke and I snatched it, dipped into a parkin' lot and wrapped it See diamonds, pearls, rubies, gems, covered with acid Heavens to mega-troid, infants'll know I'm paranoid What she goes through, I'm on a next flight to St. Croix Sneaker boy and Genius, I heard he struck oil Him and Masta Killa own Fox and mad loyal [Chorus - last two lines only] Diamonds, Cubans hangin' from our neck, baby Come on, come on [Interlude: RZA {Prodical}] {The finest, baby, the finest} (You see them Linx hangin'?) [ShaCronz] Yo, yo You know I rarely fight, I keep heat plus I'm very nice I run with two-eighties on me like Jerry Rice I fuck with many birds, not the canary type I've seen a lot of happy days and scary nights My click hotter than fish grease, kids be diss-free Most of these labels can't handle this heat I love new twat, scrap ho's on a few blocks When my hate grows I let the tools pop A lot of these rap niggaz be fast to plea Raw cook up, Got the Hook-Up like Master P F.G., we don't talk, nigga, fast to squeeze Walk up and let a hundred shots crash ya V The first to pull out, the first to body somethin' I got all the heat all the shorties in ya lobby pumpin' Them dudes you standin' with probably frontin' Killa Bee Gang got that shit that keep ya hottie jumpin' What? [Chorus 2X] [Interlude: RZA {Prodical}] {Straight like that, baby, it's nuttin' less, K.B., baby Don't forget it, C.C.F.} You see the shits spinnin'? Come on, nigga! {Clamp on, baby} Come on! Yo, yo, tell them niggaz, son What? What? You see the shits spinnin'? {Yeah} Shit hangin', son, they hangin' {Better catch it} Come on! Come on! [Outro: Prodical (RZA)] Straight gangsta (Yo, you've just been experiencin' Wu-Tang Killa Beez - The Sting) Explosive, baby, comin' at you (Y'all mothafuckas know.. The next chamber's the mothafuckin' weather) Look out for the Stingers, baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man, Freddie Gibbs, Streetlife Album: The Man with the Iron Fists O.S.T. Song: Built for This Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: RZA] When you forge a weapon, you need three things The right metal, temperature's over 1400 degrees And someone who wants to kill Here in Jungle Village, we got all three [Intro: Method Man] Yo, Street, check me out, nigga [Method Man] Sorta like Malcolm at the Audubon, they coming for me My time is money, no automa', see bar for bar I keep it pushing, no R&R, no foreign broads And no promotion for foreign car, the game is ours Let's keep it funky, who said he washed? Like Staten Island, Italians bleed spaghetti sauce If ya'll shaking with Stallion, then ya'll already lost Already crossed, then like Christ, I'm ready for 'em Plus anybody that say he know 'em, I'm taking numbers I'm taking names, I'll take ya chain, to take his hunger Pain, pain, pain, pain, pain, pain Can you feel the thunder and rain? I don't talk it like the rent, boy, I got it done in the game, ya'll Do me a favor, don't ever play with my ball Never been a playa hater, I just ain't playing with ya'll You watch your lane, but look I'm taking the charge Going hard'll get you two shots, now I'm facing the charge [Chorus 2X: Freddie Gibbs] Uh, five to life, let's go take a ride They might catch you by surprise, if you let 'em slide But if you built for the shit, then you might survive Guess I"ll see you, when you wake up on that other side [Freddie Gibbs] Uh, sorta like Mike at the United Center Madison Square, Boston Garden, I straight ignite on niggas Little nigga, your raps ain't on fire, that shit'll collapse so don't try I scribble and scratch down in my pad, and no lie That no fake, that uncut, that straight drop, what the fuck I'm pulled over by the jakes and 28 up in my nuts For I'm took away and cuz I'd rather lay up in the duct' Feel like fuck a friend, a hundred million haters ain't enough Twist it up, life is a blunt and the world is my ash tray I got them quarters and them hash, just meet me like half way I need a hundred percent of my profit, ain't fucking with half pay Ain't taking no shorts or losses, bitch, we ain't funding no tag day, for sure As I can recollect, praying to God, this dope'll stretch Turn mobster corners, work these corners like behind it, yes Chilling and waiting patient, retaliation just ain't find me yet I'm taking in to heaven, you couldn't buy me that, remind me that [Chorus 2X] [Streetlife] It's the world's worse, quick to snatch your man purse And leave your body head first in the stretch hearse Murder she wrote, I'm knock to spit a killer verse And leave a plate of blood spillin' on his dinner shirt You, can Google my name but you ain't gotta search I'm right here in the streets, I'm putting in work Go 'head, fuck around and get your feelings hurt Or, you can get carried out of your local church I'm from the old school, I do my own dirt Mama raised no fool, I did my home work Keep your wifey close, she's a little flirt I knew her since '03, I hit the pussy first I'm the reason why your baby mama water burst I been mobbing since birth, you can ask my Earth It's not a problem, to show you how the shotty work I put your body in the dirt, but what the dollars worth [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Freddie Gibbs] I'm built for it, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ricky Watters Album: NFL Jams Song: It's in the Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	You know I'm bout it bout it What? Huh? 	You know Huh? It's like, you don't limit yourself to one thing 	Your mama Got to broaden your horizons Broaden your joints Keep your eyes on the prize The struggle goes on Eryday (ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha) Eryday And I'ma live it through my music (ha ha, ha ha, ha ha, ha ha) You know how we do Choose or lose from it Verse One: Method Man Pull your shoes up, don't get stuck or get your frame struck, when my squad blitzin hittin like Mack trucks, head splittin paper written in windy cities like Chicago, no bullshhhh You see me spittin at the kitten with the lost mitten As we engage in cold war gettin frostbitten Once again up in these stank drawers baby listen One mind and for one cause, heavy hittin The penalty illegal ruffnecks, we bring ruckus in pursuit of gold lines, can a n---a touch it If I can't see ya can't truss it A shady character like Buzz Buzzard Lay him out like a plush rug-ged *mimicking Brand Nubian* Now you can love it, or leave it alone We drink death and puff bone Draggin your body out the end zone And any way the wind blow that's where you flow That's why you be the first one caught, last to know Body layin out on the flo', substitute Heavy players from the run and shoot, we open do' Third and long, quarterback pack the cannon on I go deep he drop bombs, *whistle* that's when I touch-down Six points, what now? Once again who comin through in the clutch now, perfect strangerous Ever since I came with this, and wrecked a body You convinced like Lombardi, that Johnny Dangerous Offensive shotgun Calm in the pocket I got one, in the milli gun Deep threats to chose from, that's how it goes son You win some you lose some, it's in the game You win some you lose some (uhh!) that's how it goes son (yeah) You win some you lose some (uhh!) it's in the game ... (yeah) You win some you lose some, that's how it goes son You win some you lose some, it's in the game Verse Two: Ricky Watters From the football field (It's in the game  You win some you lose some, it's in the game) To the mountain, yaknowhatI'msayin? (That's how it goes son, that's how it goes  You win some you lose some, it's in the game) Freestylin, profilin, won't catch me smilin Straight from Fema Island, buckwhylin, I'm stylin A funky type of style with the lyrical incision S--t locked down, like my n----z out in prison Good riddance, keep it hidden, up in my knapsack Sippin cognac, while I vibe off this funky track Yo bring it back, or make it hit harder Infiltrate your mind like Nino at the Carter, but smarter So drop harder, if you wanna conjugate Verbs and nouns, make it profound as I pound In your earpiece I'm the beast To say the least, we must increase, the peace But keep it real, so I can feel, the skills Funky fresh rhymes I will build so I kill and thrill, lyrics spittin, through my lips Doin backflips, it's another hit Come take a sip, of the running Watters Lyrically I slaughter, mentally I author the rhymes that you feel to the map Crushin double barrels, sing em out like carols Who it be? It be I, the n---a with the chinky eyes From NY, city we committee we gets busy With killa beez on the swarm Lyrically we storm, mentally a lord Verbally I bomb (boom!), guard your grill It's the man that chill, run for the hills from Grassvile Drillin rhymes straight on tracks and double cuff Another TV, and they loved it (You win some you lose some, that's how it go son  You win some you lose some, that's in the game  You win some you lose some, that's how it go son  You win some you lose some, that's in the game  It's in the game  You win some you lose some, it's in the game  It's in the game, it's in the game, it's in the game, it's in the game) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: The Nutty Professor II: The Klumps Soundtrack Song: Even If Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com, ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com Yo, c'mon! Even if I died a thousand deaths When I resurrect I'll still be Meth The jams will still be def I'm here, me and this mic-phone, we here And ain't tryin' to hear nothin' cuz we had it up to here (What?) Lyrics have no dress code (yeah) From KRS to Depeche Mode Hit them so cool you cats cold Had to jump off, it's about to jump off My niggaz speak with they hands or the gun talk Yo RZA, we got the Clan in the front and police at the door Every exit is laced with C-4 about to blow Life trial I'm passed out MC's is like bitches in thongs - they assed out But me, the M-E-T-H- the O-D Just too real, I can't be touched and can't feel The monotony in rap, take a picture of my nut sac Carbon copy that and send your crew a fax Motherfucker 1-  New and improved Wu-Tang style   Turn it up now, y'all done fucked up now   Spit flames (Five mics)   Peep game (On site)   Bring the pain (All night)   Off the chain (Damn right) 2-  [Scratching by RZA]   "It's the Method Man for short Mister Meth"   "Tical-lion"   "Hmmm" Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, c'mon! Even if I died a thousand deaths When I resurrect, through my first born, my name lives on My words is like a third degree to young emcees Buzzworthy on your MTV, the Killa Bees John Jacob, straight up, break up, schemes and plots Ace up my sleeve, bake up pies in pots So this is what it's come to (Huh?) Lickin' shots at them kids that used to punk you (Huh?) Repetitious rap shit, don't get no air play ya mouth whip And niggaz can't smoke wit' dry lips so chapped Bite my shit, I'm like Kojack to get my flow back In fo' flat, I track you down like a low jack Spy verse spy, eye for an eye can I penalize the uncivilized Make 'em civilized You know right from wrong, so know I'm the bomb Who don't beef for beats, see the tracks on my arm Motherfucker Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, c'mon! Repeat 2 Repeat 2 Repeat 2 Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, c'mon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Red Star Sounds Volume 2 B-Side Song: Good Times (Remix) Typed by: eloncto@frontiernet.net [Redman] Killa House Brick City Style P. When Funk Doc start takin' the drag It's like who in the hell let this ape in the lab breaking the glass bong I'm swinging harder than Cassius swung The only kid with a Velcro, fabric thump Neva! dropin' the blunt 2 for fire rollin' 89 in the bricks is 15 and growin' Gilla House fam, you know what it mean It mean your cipher ain't fuckin' with the lord of the ring Dig it! I pack your pipe with nothin' but bomb It roll on, like the Power Stripe under your arm Hold On, En Vogue Massive endo, I'm breakin' your dress code I ain't rockin' kinda-gos I just came to get high with Styles And lock my, block like D with wider vowels I'm talking about A, E, I, O, U My skills already have niggas pressed, fuck an interview [HOOK] "I get high - high - high - high" (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get HIGH on your memory, HIGH on your memory" (All the time) "HIGH on your memory..." (Every day) "I get high - high - high - high" (Every night) "I get high - high - high - high" (All the time) "I get high - high - high - high" (*laughing*) "High-ighhhhhhh..." [Styles] I'ma blow it if it's sticky kid (what up!) I smoke mayonnaise jars full of green like Biggie did My pens my cigar, my bars be serious You can't fuck wit me dawg, point blank period I get high and hallucinate A pound cost 6 in New York But its half in Miami, nigga move your weight My dimes be 1 point O's, 20's be 2 point 2's Bring a snack and some fruit punch too And you know I [*inhaling smoke*] the purple stuff I'm so high that I can piss on a cloud And make a bird look up Smokin' haze in the Hummer while the bird look up Gettin' high wit the hammer so the bird shook up I get high like Doc and Meth And "Let the Monkeys Out" So I can "Bring the Pain" while I pop ya chest It's D-Block when the bastards repin' (D-Block) All I need is a lighter and some haze with a master collection What [HOOK] [Method Man] Okay Who y'all know smoke more herb than Tical Hit up a weed spot then off to the D-Block to smoke it with Styles I fight my way up out the detox Who smoke a slip But he don't need block, just buds and cumulus clouds Pull up your Rebox This kid has gone Madd, Rapper like D-Dot I got trees, but I'm tryin' to smoke what little he got If not these niggas then who (Son tell me who) Burn a leaf and get it Hot in Herre, like Nelly do I get high, like Mary J. is all that I need to gets by Stay red eye, no need to get fly I get a rush (RUSH) when I'm rollin' 'em up The other day I saw signs in the theater Kids was throwin' 'em up I get high, high, high Every day I get high Yeah I get high, high, high And every night I get high Yeah I get high, high, high Mr. Meth I get high Yeah (Yeah) yeah I get high, high, high With Styles P. I get High-ighhhhhhh [HOOK] [Styles] I am the Ghost Flow with me (*laughs*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & The Prodigy Album: Resident Evil Soundtrack Song: Release Yo Delf (The Prodigy Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Method Man] Check it (Verse 1) Check it I'm the fuckin' man, who they mention Notice That other niggas' rap styles is bogus Doo-doo Prepare for this verse, Tical voodoo Blazin', the stuff that ignites stimulation Inside ya Cause I be that house over water Forgot in the realm that be deep as the Poseidon Adventure Niggas need to touch they freaking picture For the sickness, that be spreadin' with the quickness Remedies, cousin, I be doin' on my enemies Penalty Then I drink forties to they memories Emotion Rushin' through your down street vicinity Blunt smoke, in the air, reveals my identity Chorus: Method Man What's that rhythm, what's that sound Party people getting down When it hit the baddest man Just RELEASE YO DELF Break 1: Method Man Keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh Keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh And keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh And keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh And keep it movin', you know we keep it move RHARHHH (Verse 2) God Somebody said, "It's on," if it isn't, I'll be set To blow a nigga up With my five fingers of death I bring it to his whole damn fam Understand If he frontin' On any man down with the Clan I be coming For the headpiece, you can't cope For my brother I bring it to the Pope, word to mother Serial, killer Style From Big Isle So Stat My peoples, are you with me, where you at? Shit's gettin' deep in here I mean like thick Niggas looking all in my face, like they want dick It's about to hit the fan, hit the floor That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no more What is it? Niggas think they bigger Because they got they finger on the trigger of a bisquit They don't know I'm wicked When I start to kick it Heat they raw sound, wash it down with a Mystic Then I add a Snapple Nigga want the juice But he don't, want to hassle Though we try to overthrow the castle Better yet, the tent when I'm comin' to your town Black man The rental God The pistol YAH! If you don't want a burn from the glock Then beware {*gunshot*} I buck shots, we move up The buck stops Here No more dough will be made Unless it's being made by hoes Break 2: Method Man Keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh And keep it movin', you know we keep it movin', uh And keep it Movin', baby, we be movin', uh And keep it movin', you know we keep it move RHARHHH [The Prodigy] "And keep it" "And keep it" "And keep it" "And keep it movin', baby, we be movin', uh" "You know we keep it" "We keep it movin'" --> Method Man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: The Riddler 12"   (Music From and Inspired by the Motion Picture 'Batman Forever') Song: The Riddler (Hide-out Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Yo... Who's afraid, of the big, bad, BAT Who issss, the Batman kid? It's me *heh* (I ain't afraid of NUTTIN) Word up, let's do it (of NUTTIN) Verse One: I got your mind twisted (twisted) Unrealistic wavelength draining on your brain-strip inflicted Crossword puzzling your delf Questioning your own mental health (yeah) it's like a maze within itself (yeah) Check the grimey, slimey, crimey Crim-inim-inal indivi-dual I be Searching for the Dark Knight Lurking in the shadows of the city, he roll with jiggy My rhyme committee, robbing every Gotham piggy bank blinnnnnnnd Take a journey through the mind of a Riddler Chorus: Tax free money not a problem A heist to get the ice not a problem A body for a price not a problem Hmmmmmmm.... it's The Riddler Verse Two: Once again it's the mind bender, three-time felony offender Demented, brain cemented, mixed in the blender I lose ya, mass-confusion, question mark clues in What where why whose-it, QUIZZZ Time to ask yourself who it is Sheisty P.L.O. underhanded biz, invading brothers wigs Can I live Corrupt and bringing all the misery and suffering Pain, you couldn't cure with a Bufferin Rotating, ridiculous, rapid-fire riddles Bat get trapped in the middle of The Riddler Chorus: Murder for the evil not a problem To the gen there is no sequel not a problem (not a problem) Big up to all my people not a problem (not a problem) Hmmmmmmm... it's the Riddler Verse Three: Observe if you will I'm in my hide-out in the back of the hill (of the hill) I crack a wall then I caught about a mil (bout a millll) Co-defendant Johnny Blaze and Bobby Steels (Bobby Steels) We was blazing hardware (hardware) Turn the corner you can hear the wheels squeel *rehrrarrrr* On that ass fast was the Batmobile (Batmobile) I could tell by the demon on the grill, this was real Alley-cat screaming, I hit a trash can Garbage everywhere, money flying out the bags and trying to escape, jiggy with the cape Or else he'd be headed upstate, it's The Riddler Chorus: Talkin homicide, not a problem (that's no problem) You want to talk genocide not a problem (that's no problem) Now if you're speaking genocide not a problem (that's no problem) Hmmmmmmm.... for The Riddler Verse Four: Johnny Blaze, I invest in crime cuz it pays Mad scams, let me count the ways, a crime wave I make a killing, on the first one to point his finger at the villian Who be I, the priiimmmmmme Suspect, crim-inim-inal intellect Robbing banks HAH down to grand theft what we want is it all, every seal on every door, every wallllll Until the jig is called on The Riddler The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman, Method Man, and Sheek Album: Ruff Ryders * Ryde or Die Volume Two Song: 2 Tears in a Bucket Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com Uhh, hahah, Ruff Ryders niggaz (all my niggaz) (All aboard!) Blood in blood out Funk Doc, Sheek Luc', Meth-Tical (whattup niggaz?) Yo, yo, aiyyo yo [Sheek] Soon as I cop the nine, I pop the nine When I take it out the box, I represent LOX Now when I flow, you hit the rewind button So I charge out more, want it all at the door Fuck heat, Sheek walk around with an oven Who you gonna kill with that little Foreman grill? How its gon' look when I come through your block? Sheek, Funk Doc, Meth on top Porsche, 300 horse fly by Back open pumpin "How High?" (How High) Yeah, can y'all see that (See that)  Bitch you can call me what you want, 'cuz "I'll Be Dat" (Be dat) Get off my dick, I don't care about no jewels Long as the condo's paid and the truck I choose I'm tellin y'all niggas, if its not double R I'ma spell my name out on the side of your car Come and Ruff Ryde with us If you wanna get high with us If you wanna get down with us Come on nooooowwwww Come and Ruff Ryde with us If you wanna get high with us If you wanna get down with us Come on nooooowwwww [Redman] I got a twin cam exhaust connected to the jaw A five speed clutch on my paw when I write I glow like the pegs in Lite-Brite 3000 volts of lightning when you fly the right kite Me and Meth be Hennessy, two ice cubes We can draw (choose your weapons) or do I choose? When I choose the grip, one shot lose your hip I hope your shoes fit for this move and pick I avalanche your camp with, ten feet of snow I'm cold blooded, my fam half-eskimo My flows move like indo; turn ten nickels to ten loads, outta ten sto's Ride the crash course, do the math on it Swizz Beats you can ride Amtrak on it But I'm on it, grillin with George Foreman Ya peeps is at the Grammy Awards cornin The ice, the fat wallet son, I want it And the helicopter warmin before mornin Def Jam nigga, Redman nigga Got - "fuck ya momma" on my sweat band nigga You tough guys'll get smacked in the club COme with the gun I bought from Mack in the club Its P-P-P from Bricks to Brook-nam (C'mon) (C'mon) Bring me some more ass to whoop on [Method Man] Look what the cat dragged in Underground dweller from the cellar bring terror Scoop of high yellow Cinderella, Meth forever Never rush a rhyme, hook could never bust my nine But if I have to, I have to, it's all in the mind I stay ahead of time while y'all fallin behind Tryin to relight ya lime It's a crime when I drop bomb lines designed to tick, tick, BOOM blow your mind Yeah me, M-E-T, H, the O, the D Can't be done, like tryin to find a penny in the sea Nigga run, for cover son go and get them guns Y'all ain't from here, don't try to come around here gettin ones Swizz Beat the track in the head, but I instead pull my dart gun and bust sixteen until it's dead I'm the game, all of my dogs be off the chain Yellin Wu.. Tang, Wu.. Tang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & T.R. Album: Rush Hour 2 soundtrack Song: Party & Bullshit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Funky! Stand off..) [Method Man] Oh shit, 3-2-1, blown to bits Step inside the nightclub like I own the bitch Southpaw two left feet set to trip on that bullshit, back it up with extra clip Man listen, pissin in the same pot I'm pissin You're goin down, get in that plane crash position Turbulence ahead, boy you must be sick in the head Go get Excederin, or get intelligent Recognize a veteran, player stay wetter than the thug type, up mo' late nights than Letterman Ask Teddy, Wreckx-n-Effect I'm ready The same way I was in that bar scene in "Belly" (Say what?) I freak the flow that let you know I'm a flower Yo' ass is grass and I'm a lawn mower So uhh, go ahead pass the doja It's the return of Tical, party over [Chorus: Meth & T.R.] Y'all niggaz wanna get down? (fuck with me) Y'all still wanna be round? (fuck with me) Y'all really want the street now? (fuck with me) Y'all niggaz gon' see now (party and bullshit) Y'all niggaz wanna get down? (fuck with me) Y'all still wanna be round? (fuck with me) Y'all really want the streets now? (fuck with me) Y'all niggaz gon' see now (fuck with..) [T.R.] You chicks, bounce to the music Shake that ass like you bout to use it Wanna fuck with a baller? You choose Wanna fuck with a scrub? You lose Fuck that, let's keep it movin Talk about how this beat got you groovin Nod your head, make you shake your dreads Bass travel down the spine, get stuck in your legs Dance 'til you rip the soles off your Timbs Shit - knock the chrome straight off your rims Hit - after hit, well get who you wanna get Ain't nobody really fuckin with us Haters try to tell me I'ma suffer for this Hatin on me cause I mastered this You asked for this, come here and get a glass of this .. party and bullshit [Chorus: T.R.] Y'all niggaz wanna get down? (fuck with me) Y'all still wanna be round? (fuck with me) Y'all really want the street now? (fuck with me) Y'all niggaz gon' see now (party and bullshit) Y'all niggaz wanna get down? (fuck with me) Y'all still wanna be round? (fuck with me) You really want the street now? (fuck with me) Y'all niggaz gonna see now (party and bullshit) [Method Man] Yo, the whole base of this is party and bullshit Y'all lil' cats, we ain't on no cool shit Y'all lil' dogs better learn some new tricks And you video directors better find some new chicks Watch this, man I got this, Hot Nikks Mean gob spit when I talk wear galoshes Wu-Tang Clan in the house and ain't leavin How my Killer Bee clique feel this evening? Meth; guerilla serial killer for scrilla See the God run through your block like Godzilla Menage-a-tois for these french vanillas, I'm iller Hard as armadillo and coat made of chinchilla New stuff, bang this, bust this, bruise this And ballers ain't fuckin with Staten Isle, New York What? Still in the game, platinum plus Y'all might fuck with them, but y'all can't fuck with us [Chorus: Meth & T.R.] Y'all niggaz wanna get down? (fuck with me) Y'all still wanna be round? (fuck with me) Y'all really want the street now? (fuck with me) Y'all niggaz gon' see now (party and bullshit) Y'all niggaz wanna get down? (fuck with me) Y'all still wanna be round? (fuck with me) Y'all really want the streets now? (fuck with me) Y'all niggaz gon' see now.. [Meth] Yo T.R., what's that shit you on? (party and bullshit) [T.R.] I'm not even serious, I'm doin this for fun, cause I (party and bullshit) [Meth] Yo T.R., what's that shit you on? (party and bullshit) [T.R.] I'm not even serious, I'm doin this for fun, cause I (party and bullshit) [Meth] Yo T.R., what's that shit you on? (party and bullshit) [T.R.] I'm not even serious, I'm doin this for fun, cause I (party and bullshit) [Meth] Yo T.R., what's that shit you on? (party and bullshit) [T.R.] I'm not even serious, I'm doin this for fun, cause I (party and bullshit) - what? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man and Redman Album: Blackout * Song: How High Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally appeared on "The Show" soundtrack [Intro] Takin it from the top? Tippy? Tippy? Sing it daddy, sing it daddy Heeeyyy! Where you at? (High, high, How High?) Takin my mind where it's never gone before That's like a mushroom in cow shit And I'm takin it just to get the ultimate high The ultimate high... (whoahhhhhh) [Verse One: Method Man] Excuse me as I kiss the sky Sing a song of six pence, a pocket full of rye Who the fuck wanna die for they culture? Stalk the dead body like a vulture; Ticallion, HMMM Blacker than your blackest stallion, hit yo' housin projects I represent yo Shaolin my nigga Hell yes, +Apocalypse Now+, the gun pow It be goin down, diggy diggy down, diggy down down [Verse Two: Redman] While the planets and the stars and the moons collapse When I raise my trigger finger all y'all niggaz hit the decks! Cause ain't no need for that, hustlers and hardcore Raw to the floor, raw like +Reservoir Dogs+ The Green-Eyed Bandit can't stand it with more Fruitier Loops than that Toucan Sam bitch Plus, the bom-ba-zee got me wide (Fuckin with us) is a straight suicide [Verse Three: Method Man] Ten nine eight seven six five four Three two +murder one+ lyric at your door Tical, bring it to that ass raw Breakin all the rules like glass, jaws Nigga, you got to get mine to get, yours Fucker, we don't need no rap tour I'd rather kick the facts and catch you with the rap-ture More than you bargained for Tical - I stays open like an all night store For real, I keeps it ill like a piece of blue steel Pointed at your temple with the intent to kill And end your existence, M-E-T Ain't no use for resistance, H-O-D [Verse Four: Redman] I beez the ultimate rush to any nigga on dust The Egyptian Musk use to have me pull mad sluts I shift like a clutch with the Ruck Examine my nuts, I don't stop 'til I get enough Yo' shit broke down, light your flare Since the +Darkside+ tears you into +Hollywood Squares+ Six million ways to die, so I chose Made it six million and one wit'cha eyes closed The blindfold, cold, so you can feel the wrath And shatter the glass and second half on your monkey ass And yo my man (Tical) hit me now Bitches use to play me now they can't forget me now Forget me not, I rock the spot, check Glock Empty off a lickin off in hip-hop Fuck the +Billboard+ I'm a +Bullet+ on my block How you dope when you paid for yo' Billboard spot? Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane  It's the funk doctor spock smokin buddha on a train HOW HIGH? So high that I can kiss the sky HOW SICK? So sick that you can suck my dick Look up in the sky it's a bird it's a plane  Recognize, Johnny Blaze, ain't a damn thing changed HOW HIGH? So High that I can kiss the sky HOW SICK? So Sick that you can suck my dick [Verse Five: Method Man] 'Til my man Raider Ruckus come, home It ain't really on till the Ruckus get, home Puff a meth bone, now I'm off to the red zone We don't need yo' dirt weed we got our fuckin own Check it, I brings havoc with my hectic +Bring the Pain+ lyrics screamin for the antiseptic Movin on your left kid, and I'm meth-ted, out my fuckin dome piece Plus I got no love fo' the beast Hailin from the big East, coast Where niggaz pack, toast - home of the drug kingpin, and cutthroats (Hey boy, are the rude boy on the block?) (You tried to stop the bumrush, you will get popped) As I run a mile with a racist My style was born in the pissy staircases Dig it, eff a rap critic, he talk about it while I live it If Red got the blunt, I'm the second one to hit it [Verse Six: Redman] Look up in the, I got the verbs nouns and Glocks in ya Enter the center, lyrics bang like Rico-chet Rabbit I brings havoc with an AK 'matic Rollin blunts an all day habit I get it on like Smif-N-Wes', who clique's the best? Punks take a sip and test, who splits your vest? The funk phenomenon, I'm bombin you like Lebanon Blow canals of Panama just off stamina Styles not to be fucked with, or played with Fuck the pretty hoes, I love those Section 8 bit-ches Hittin switches, twistin wigs with fat radical mathematical type scriptures I dig up in your +Planets+ like +Diga+, BOO Scared you, blew you to smithe-reens Fuck the marines, I got machines that light the spliff, and read Mad magazines I fly more heads than Continental Wreck you five times like US Air off an instrumental Look I'm not a halfway crook with bad looks But I make murder your cae like your name was Cal Brooks I breaks 'em off proper, ask Biggie Smalls "Who Shot Ya?" Funk Doctor, with the twelve gauge Mossberg Look, I got the tools like Rickle To make your mind tickle, for the nine nickle! (Yo Red, yo Red!) Punk ass, pussy ass (You ain't got to say no more man, that's it) Word up Tical, we out (It's over) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jonell f/ Kool G. Rap, Method Man, Pharoahe Monch Album: Soundbombing III Song: Round & Round (Extended Remix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: some DJ (Jonell)] Sound... bombing... (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ah, uh) [Method Man] I was gutter when you met me, gutter when you left me Gutter when you came back, face it, nothin' can change that Not romance or marriage counselin', you dropped the ball, now I'm bouncin' Find me a room, burn up an ounce in Waitin' for my baby to call, forgive it all On some break up to make up shit, givin' me drawers I adore mi amore, but every time she choose to go to war I'm lookin' at the front door [Pharoahe Monch] You could keep the negative's mind, please, I get the picture The emotional sounds was different when I first split you Claim I brought pain to the thing like King Kong Like villains in the Western flicks, that I was well hung So put you up on Talib Kweli and the Village of Slum Read the book of psalms to get the miles, sing some (come on now) And you actin' like you don't know what I came here for It's wrong to put our spirits your drove at the front door Affectionate smiles, so you could front more I should call you somethin' that walks on all fours Cuz you got a fella heated for sure, love him or delete it, it's raw Feelin' cheated when I'm out on tour They catch a glimpse from beyond this globe, on the same note Cuz in terrential downpours, I keep a rain coat And a bottle of cham', bored, to let the brain flow Pray for sun after the rain and creep the rainbow [Jonell] Oh, I try and I try to stop the Forces that go round in my head and cloud Thought you were the one to understand me You turned my dark skies to light But once again you touched my hopes to him My soulful sing, my tears start glimmin' in the rain All and again, all and again [Chorus 2X: Jonell] I really don't know what you came here for, round and round we go Consider your bags outside the door, round and round we go [Jonell] If you don't understand where I'm from Then my heart is tellin' me you're not the one All the games you played and now realize You're not the one, for me to want some baby, bye-bye Pack your bags and get to steppin' You gotta let it go, you need to stop trippin' I hope you don't think I'm gon' let you back in Cuz you'se a fool [Chorus 2X] [Kool G. Rap] G. Rap Giacanna, I'm not the one who's born to be dissed So let me make this clear for you, just like stones on my wrist Just cuz the door closed, don't mean I'm on the phone wit a chick I'm just a cat about his B.I. and let's only get rich Straight up politickin', so where you lay your dome and be sick Stack cake, wit food on the plate and chrome on the six Then we can make a little fam, just us, alone in the sticks And I can get rid of these bricks, we gone from the strip, you know? [Hook: Jonell] Today, I made up my mind, to get away Everyday, I sit and pray, everyday, everyday [Chorus 2X] [Hook with the Chorus] [Outro: Jonell] Every day, every day (round and round we go) To get away, away, away (round and round...) Artist: B-Real, Coolio, Busta Rhymes, LL Cool J, Method Man Album: Space Jam Soundtrack Song: Hit 'em High (The Monstar's Anthem) (Intro) Greetings, earthlings We have now taken over your radioooo..... (B-Real) Goin' straight through the hole You ain't got no game I'm breakin' ya out the frame Coming through like a train Looking to take over the world is my goal With my unstoppable crew takin' all control You can't get none of this, we're runnin' this Well taker, earth shaker, 3 point gunnin' this Get out the lane, i'm comin' through And if you don't wanna move then i'm comin' right through you (Coolio) It's like inch by inch and step by step I'm closing in on your position and destruction is my mission Though eight is not enough, your whole squad better duck It's like switch when I bust Now you're whole crew is dust Comin' through my area, i'ma have to bury ya The real scream team on your scream scene It's like showdown on the range Go tell me who wanna tangle with the  ghetto witch-doctor neighborhood superhero? Chorus: (B-Real) We want it all (want it all!) Unstoppable, we run the floor (run the floor!) You can't take none of this hardcore (hardcore!) In the game we take you to war (war!) You ain't seen nothin' like this before (all) If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low If I hit 'em high, hit 'em high, hit 'em high And you hit 'em low, hit 'em low, hit 'em low (Method Man) Insane like a runaway train i'm in your lane Like it's only 3 seconds to score to win the game Came to bring the ultimate pain upon the brain Untamed, you won't like it when I change And you are type strange Make room, manaical monster in the game And I got my eye on you Deadshot aim, as free throws keep comin' down like rain You feelin' me, I'm feelin' you The Monstar again, i'm tellin' you Pass me the rock, now i'm headed to the basket Get up out my way is what you better do My tactics is unsportsmanlike conduct You better ask it Don't get no better than this, you catch my drift? You get stripped by ballhandlers ruled by Swackhammer Danger, you're dealin' with offical hoop-bangers With hang time like a coat hanger Jump, with thunderous 360-degree type dunks What up doc? The Monstar funk (LL Cool J) Lightning strikes and the court lights get dim Supreme competition is about to begin Above the rim, finessin' and moves is animated Once I get to ballin', I can't be deflated I'm rugged raw, my Monstars is gettin' money When clicks get to buggin', I'm snatchin' up their bunnies (Uhh!) Every step I take shakes the ground I'll make you break your ankles, son, shakes you down This is my planet, I'm bout business The best that ever done it, can I get a witness? (Uhhh!) Cumulus clouds bring darkness up above You in it for the money?  Or in it for the love, M.J.? 23 ways to make a pay Loungin' in the mothership back around my way (Uhh!) I'm 28 light years old If the refs get political, dribble like Bob Dole Am I gettin' lyrical?  Daddy, I think so Monstar droppin' flavor fluid so drink slow Chorus (Busta Rhymes) Yo, god bless!! Pick up your chest Here's an example of how I can stress your full court press With finesse, I bench-press your stress whenever you test We're speed ballin', on the fastbreak just like the pony express I'm gonna mingle in your face and take the lid off Just use your head and forfeit the game You and your team just need to back off!! Get off my block, gimmie the ball, I said it's my rock!!  I'm startin' a line-up by gettin' y'all to bring the livestock Throw all your money in the pot  And make sure you bet all your money on my bank shot When we come right through tell me what you really gonna do? We'll leave your team name in shame and take your talent from you While you abandon your ship, we take your championship With nothing left for you to see except the instant replay clip Money spending, goal tending, stay-bending teams like crash cars Who do they be? They be the Monstars!!!!!! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & Redman Album: St. Ides Commercial Song: Double Deuces Typed by: Cno Evil [Redman] Oh here they come with the ruckus of the drunk Funk doc (Meth-Tical) the veterans of medicine Natural fruit juices, that alcohol beverage [Method Man] Come to get it on with that crooked ass veteran Introduction you to this new special brew Natural fruit juicin, alcohol double duecin Take what the truth is, that rhyme through your toothless [Redman (Method Man)] Hey yo what are you a doofus? (Actin like you ruthless) Guzzle that St. Ides, Superman flies through the skies I'm crooked, leavin y'all chinky eyed In case you were lookin Ghetto natural now represent I flip the script if you ain't Hike up my guns and malt liquor Drink it down to the sticker If you can't finish it quicker [Method Man] Pineapple, coconut, lemon lime fashion Mixed fruit, put it on ice and it be smashin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man & Redman Album: Terminal 3 Presents The Academy Song: Welcome to the Academy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DJ cuts and scratches these samples] {*"M-E-T-H-O-D, Man"*} {*"Tical*} {*"Redman"*} {*"Funk Doc"*} [Method] The Academy part two {*"Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang"*} [Redman] Academy two! {*"Gilla House*"} {*"Redman and Method Man"*} [Method Man] Aiyyo this is Meth I hear you checkin out The Academy part two JP Beach, fuck the world, peace! [Redman] Yo this is Funk Doc in the building Gilla House in the building, Wu-Tang in the building [Method Man] Aiyyo this Meth you checkin out The Academy two Terminal 3 Production, fuck yeah, just like I fuckin said T3P motherfucker! [Redman] Yo this Redman I'm in the FUCKIN building mayne~! And when I ain't chillin out there in the East coast or Midwest with my nigga M-80, yessir! Academy two, Terminal, 3, motherfuckin beats yessir! And when you want it, you tuned in When you want to smoke, you tuned in Fuck wit'cha boy, Redman in the house, Method Man in the house Gilla House you already M-80 let's get it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang presents Bobby Digital, Killarmy, Method Man Album: Wu-Tang Killa Bees The Swarm Vol 1  Song: And Justice For All Typed by: big_toney@hotmail.com ***Chorus*** (x2) Fuck y'all analog niggas we be digital Wu-Tang, Killarmy we indespensible We never fall We stand tall like sky-scrapers and justice for all [Killa Sin] We move on MC's mechanically Strike nerves like Ghost's verse on 'Can It Be' hard to touch retarded fucks playing wit they fantasies respect this, specialist, black  testing this will get ya necklace jacked and named scratched up off my guestlist party freak You the type of nigga that'll hardly speak unless you spoken to You throw a cold screw, but sober up when I'm approaching you At the same time we posting two Niggas on that ass that's gonna do what they supposed to do The limelight, snatched away from you because it's my night Killarm blaze inside of the twilight, you better get ya lines right Half of these crabs cant even rhyme right with dust flows, robotic movement, and blurry eyesights What you want I already got and that's control, I keep my head high, hand pon cock and pockets swollen, you foldin, you faggot ass fuck [Dom Pachino] Yo farotion never fails shoot at darts sharper than a carpenters nail inhale life, exhale strive anxiety's trife blowin' smoke out my peace pipe Ducking the snipe shot off the top of the White House and cop 4'S war never does and many causes my offense is my defense extreme precautious moving cyphers high valocities making you nautious ya forcing it parishly extortionists aborting this space ship thats spacious face it  im on contain shit pioneer looking for honey and is it matrix the case is if not ya basic way to make shit embrace it knowing some day you'll have to face it ***Chorus***  Fuck y'all analog niggas we be digital Wu-Tang, Killarmy we indespensible We never fall We stand tall like sky-scrapers and justice for all (so fuck y'all, so fuck y'all niggas) [Bobby Digital] yo, yo hard to grapple I raise the sharp scaple technique slaps you invasion body snatch you money grip I smoke the honey dip blunts cherry bomb very calm First bursts like a shot from the Berry homes you'd be most wise to pay close attention to willy lynchin' its stupid to fuck wit' Bobby Steel's henchmen I step into presidential  credentials, evident my potential  be infinate, deluxe benetic sluts invinsible only ones can know me swore me before the Dolby Alexis Colby broads try to control me pussy whip me like Toby fuck the local I move global economical ship sea promise fool my info glow and the dark Wu-Tang logo sparks the attention, look listen observe killa bee swerv slam like Dr. Julias Erv still strike the vital nerve charter through the Magna Carta trapped like Otis and Carter wild like a Shaolin child from Mariners Harbor king devine forced to shine head burst open like a bottle of Pine use penmenship  when I write my script blunt spark em' and them mark em' homeless Killa Hill syndrome peace to Two Tone he must know me to understand me from what you do to realize Im you everything I do honey bee from the bee hive Ever-green squeeze dried leaf smoke Killa Priest from the tribe of Levi smoke out and not steal or blunt spill the indestructable Bobby Steel's is here [Method Man] Yo In The Heat of The Night my 4-7-7 mash on the mic Killarmy and Trappa John M.D. full metal jackets cuz' some gots to have it kill or be killed only time will reveal I think by myself and I drink by myself from 9-8 until let me know its real son if its really real understandable  self explainable caution John Blaze flamable when under pressure, interchangable and still coming down like precipitation as I reign undesputed how Johnny do it dangerously, whoppin cough (cough, cough) two and off stank pussy make my dick soft (huh) bottom line be this high, explosive not for the average Joseph come and get some hol' it, keep one up in the chamber blast wit' my middle finger now I toss men attack like the Four Horsemen see me dog walkin' strickly getty-o slang talkin' all up in thease guts, soften thease rap niggas, official we slap niggas wit' mak' charges dope shit regardless we usually take another niggas garments (what) [Killarmy] Straight up and down I got this rap shit locked in '98 niggas cant escape the laws that I enforce like top notch politicians who be pola-tickin' slam through expand total construction accross the planet and micro chip software placed in the rear of ya ear as I sit the next year all yall analong niggas fuck yall we be digital shit is critical like the hallways in my projects similar to the streets in Tibet fuck that I aint playin' wit' a full deck (son, son, son, son) Artist: Method Man Album: Wu Music Group presents Pollen: The Swarm, Pt. 3 Song: M.E.F. Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yeah, pull your shoes up Why don't ya'll niggas sit your ass down somewhere Meth, yeah, yeah *burp* I said it, Staten Island back up in this bitch in a major way Yeah [Chorus: Method Man] Who next on deck? Yo, mark, ready, set You get one guess, Meth, pass that dutchie pon de left Take a deep breath, Meth, take that genie to the chest It relieves stress, please believe it Who your M-E-F'ing Man, go 'head, ask your man And them broads with them big drawers, they know who I am Call me Meth, like my niggas in Park Hill Projects Just Meth, say it with the F, never disrespect [Method Man] Give me dap, or give me depth, Clan in effect While you shaking my right hand, I stab you with the left What the fuck ya'll expect, I'm beyond bomb threat Explode when I'm talking, I blow shit out proportion Who's next, now, to be made an example Timb boots stomping on them open toe sandals Every boots scuffed, another win for us Life's just fucked up, momma just didn't hug me enough Let's you and I discuss over this bag of dust My plans to make bags, up in God we trust ya'll I ain't gotta, lift a, finger to touch ya'll And I ain't got a middle finger you to fuck ya'll Shit, as far as I'm concerned, ya'll germs To the illest MC to ever get his turn Street, you know the Life, money feed only on these dice Don't wanna have to make my point twice [Method Man] Who cashing checks every first and fifteen? Who earnt they respect? Blunt brother from another mother Southpaw, might Golden Glove ya Now Enter the Wu-Tang Forever, The W Ya'll been eating off our plate for years And didn't know I spit in the pot I'm on the toilet with some new shit, fitting to drop, lend me your years For a minute, get in it, "see murder", there ain't "no limit" to the killing Emotional wreck, cuz I ain't feeling what ya'll feeling Ya'll rappers is sex with penicillen, who the villain? Burning MC's, sick as the V's when he illing A hundred degrees in dungarees, still chilling You know me by now, look out Tical In your barn, at your Phat Farm, milking your cow Street, you know the life, money feed only on these dice Don't wanna have to make my point twice The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: Uh Huh 12" Song: Uh Huh Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com "Bus driver -- this here gal refused to give me her seat!" [Intro: Method Man] Everybody... huh, yeah Yeah, uh, uh, uh, now, uh, yeah, yo [Method Man] What up my people equal?, this be Tical: The Prequel Shine up the desert eagle, light up that extra lethal I mean that "ooh wee", three years and two g's I'm back with new trees, I wrapped in loose leafs While ya'll was just rappin', who get the set crackin'? Just like a neck snappin', let's get this next platinum What's happ'n Def Jam? Remember Meth Man? I held your hand through them years when ya'll was stressed, fam That's why I still love you and Russell still hustle Let's get to pumpin' iron, and flex some real muscle Up in this bitch due, my click is Rick Rude And I ain't got the ivory, this ain't the flick, dude Somebody told me, ya'll can't hold me Naughty By Nature, do my dirt all by my lonely You need back off bitch, you don't know me Got to leave these hoes alone, they too nosey [Chorus: Method Man] Meth is killin', M.C. killin' What more can I say, stop grillin' That's what niggas get for actin' Hollywood And since ya'll understood... would you? Would you? Would you? Would you? Uh huh, that dollar day, that dollar dollar day, ey That dollar day, that dollar dollar day, ey [Method Man] Ok, the love issue, don't let that love get you My brothers love pistol, doin' they thug dizzle Bet ya'll ain't know, did you?, that I'm a pro, did you? Until the flow hit you, fuck it, I'm official Bone wit more gristle, thrown from chrome nickel Place that don't tickle, can't wait to zone wit you I'm hard as stone chisel, Meth got his own little Formula to go triple -- for shizzle Ya'll know my occupation, I'm puttin' in the work So any imitation, I'm puttin' in the dirt That shit is aggravatin', why ya'll procrastinatin' I got some massive waitin', and she probably masturbatin' Welcome to New Yitty, where half is two fifty If I got a problem, then that's one problem too many So don't tempt me, I'll bust until I'm empty Swiftly, that way, I get the chance to take you with me, muthafucka! [Method Man] Yo, I got style, H rap round, back up and back down Act up, we back clown, last up to bat now It's me Ticallion, swing like Barry Bonds Mommy got a ratty thong, happy cuz daddy gone Turn it up it a little bit, a notch, and it'll get Cook it once the griddle gets so hot, good lookin' kid Ok, now where was I? Prepared, was I Your man broke his jaw tryin' to say what I Say on this mic, not a day in your life, could ya Say I ain't nice, could ya? If I ain't nice, would ya? Get off my dick and tell your bitch to come her, she stuntin' Can hear me "cummin'" like my dick's in her ear or somethin' I put that on my momma, she put that on her kids He put that chrome on your dome and blowed ya fuckin' wig That's how it is, ask Bobby Dig' We back on your block, with 'nuff shots to give, muthafucka! [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Carlton Fisk, La Banga Album: Wu-Box: The Cream of the Clan Song: Pop Off Typed by: Davida.b. [Carlton Fisk] Carlo, sick wrists, shake whips, stickshift With the clutch, Superhead bitch riding shotgun Pops swallowed, know the stashbox Chrome mac with the hallows, minds swearing that I'll pop one Every man need the options A down bitch, not a problem, everywhere I'm seen I've got one My whole team gon' rep to death Can't be a mjor nigga when you taking minor steps This soldier gon ride till there's noone left Till I'm laying next to Why and ??? muthafuckas This is real hood connect, not a special effect House Gang, feel the reign pf the tec Nigga, remain and get wet Same shit, different day I expect The gun blaze, richo-richochets spray through your vest You should know I'm opposing a threat, House Gang Ya'll rat niggas should be coated, held in a dress man [Chorus: La Banga] Expect us to pop off, so we gotta pop off This product a knock off of H.G. Breaking free from the damn chain They wanting the damn thang There's money to go to claim for H.G. If ya'll support House Gang, than this is for ya'll mane Nigga blow off our own name for H.G. Ya'll wanted to hear more, so ya'll gone hear more We the niggas to fear for, H.G. [La Banga] Well ok, if my fam is ok with this, than so am I Equip the pad with the pen, it's time to ride or die Naw, it ain't got to be a physical death But then a slaying of the mental could take your last breathe I orchestrtae a 1-8-7 The body cannot function without the mind, so I'm seeing your fate No trace of destruction when I'm catching a case There's gonna be alot of harrasing with question asking But they will never learn of the cerebral assassin Death to your thoughts for thinking you could really leak a whole fort Though confidence is arrogence and ignorance is bliss The way you make it move, you gotta succumb to this I ain't got the type of feeling for this I got the type of feelings for plush life, what everybody want, get rich Yo there's a hustle, there's a robbery game, same difference All I'm saying is utilize one, let's see your game [Method Man] Just sitting here, biting my nails, pen in hand Fighting myself, these dime pieces lighting my L I ain't trying to fuck up my life or get life in the cell But right now it's hot in hell, and I ain't liking the smell Ain't it funny kid, when you get money Seem everybody wanna get chummy, till they find out they can't get shit from me And now I'm mackin like my shit don't stink Cuz at the club, I didn't get yo drink bitch You're fucking with a pro, who's attitude is 'don't give a' Watch the girls with the dirt in they nails ???, they gold diggas I'm telling ya'll like I told RZA Man I got Meth, and on the day that I don't I'll let you know nigga Until then, I will will Cop the S-Class with the weed stash built in Niggas know the half on me Marijuana, I got the halves homie And you know the policy, cash only ya dig The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: WWF Aggression (Promo) Song: Kane's Theme * Typed by: VwBiGDwV@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * This is an alternate take from the promo version of "WWF Aggression" [Method Man] Ah-ahhowwwwwwwwww! We are... here... to lay this boy... to rest... And so shall you...  be put, to death... [Method Man] Beware of the six-six-six So morbid and twisted I'm sick, sick, sick Mad and sadistic, dark like sun when it eclipses Grab your crucifixes and RUN...  from the hellfire fiend, The Big Red Machine Heads get chopped in the guillotine, burnt in kerosene Now you don't believe in the unseen By any means necessary back to the cemetary IT'S KANE! Chorus: Method Man Unstoppable, unconquerable - impossible, unstoppable Unstoppable, unconquerable - impossible, unstoppable (It's KANE!) Unstoppable, unconquerable - impossible, unstoppable Unstoppable, unconquerable - impossible, unstoppable [Method Man] I rise from the tomb A quarter pass midnight, full moon The theme music kicks in, you'rre doomed Soon comes the bell, it's me against you in a cage match cell You get a chokeslam from hell LOOK OUT! Great balls of fire, no doubt My flame can't be doused, this is what pain's about Lock all the doors and the windows in your house Night of the Grim Reaper, tales from the Crypt Keeper IT'S KANE! Chorus [Method Man] Feel the tombstone piledriver You hit the floor, thankin God you're alive-ah Hail Mary take no prisoners and no survivors Found scary like a convoy of drunk drivers, ahhhhhhhowww Tragic, that old black magic A-tisket-a-tasket, a coffin or a casket Grateful Dead, nightmares that make you wet the bed Visions of bloodshed dancing through your head IT'S KANE! Chorus 1/2 {*Method Man grunts and growls*} IT'S KANE! (2X) Unstoppable, unconquerable - impossible, unstoppable Unstoppable, unconquerable - impossible, unstoppable {*Meth babbles on until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man Album: WWF Aggression Song: The Rock's Theme - 'Know Your Role' Typed by: KingST3@yahoo.com [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] I smell it [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] I smell it Come on, come on [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] Yo, finally The Rock has come back Layin down the smack on your monkey crap candy coated ass Enter the squared circle with the Great One Most electrifying moves, don't change the station Children and their children, they all chant With the millions upon millions of Rock's fans Get ready for the square dance, here's your chance For a can of ass whooping, from the People's Champ If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] Jabroni, check yourself, you don't know me Jabroni, go back to the gym, you're too bony So you want a piece of The Rock? Make you crumble In these Wrestlemanias, kid, we Royal Rumble Telling us that Raw is War, what the hell you think we came for? Just to play with these whips and chainsaws? And sharp glass I'll shine them up real nice, turn them sideways,  and shove them up your candy ass If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] Yo, yo, this is it y'all, Summer Slam, Summer Sam'd out It's Thursday Night Smackdown, there's No Way Out Now you got a problem, with the Brahma Bull  Time to throw Rock Bottom Ain't no way to stop him See the People's Eyebrow, ignite the crowd into a feeding frenzy, they want blood now Chinlock and chair shots, suplexes, legdrops Finish with the People's Elbow and sign it Rock If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? [Method Man] If you smell what The Rock's cooking If you smell what The Rock's cooking [The Rock] Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Mary J. Blige Album: I'll Be There For You/You're All I Need 12" Song: You're All I Need (All That I Need remix) -- Puff Daddy Mix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Method Man Rugged style, it's enough to make a hardrock smile Ha ha ha, cheeba cheeba y'all Cheeba cheeba y'all, and you don't stop Yeah yeah, cootie in the chair Cheeba cheeba y'all, and you don't stop Yeah yeah, cootie in the -- check Tical Chorus: Mary J. Blige [sample: Notorious B.I.G.] You're all, I need [Lie together, cry together, I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together] to get by, ahhhhh You're all, I need [Lie together, cry together, I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together] to get by, ahhhhh Verse One: Shorty I'm there for you anytime you need me For real girl, it's me in your world, believe me Nuttin make a man feel better than a woman Queen with a crown that be down for whatever There are few things that's forever, my lady We can make war or make babies Back when I was nothin You made a brother feel like he was somethin That's why I'm with you to this day boo no frontin Even when the skies were gray You would rub me on my back and say "Baby it'll be okay" Now that's real to a brother like me baby Never ever give my cootie away and keep it tight aight And I'ma walk these dogs so we can live In a fat ass crib with thousands of kids Word life you don't need a ring to be my wife Just be there for me and I'ma make sure we Be livin in the effin lap of luxury I'm realizing that you didn't have to funk wit me But you did, now I'm going all out kid And I got mad love to give, you my nigga Chorus 2X Interlude: Mary J. Blige Like sweet morning dew I took one look at you And it was plain to see You were my destiny With you I'll spend my time I'll dedicate my life I'll sacrifice for you Dedicate my life for you Verse Two: I got a love jonz for your body and your skin tone Five minutes alone I'm already on the bone Plus I love the fact you got a mind of your own No need to shop around you got the good stuff at home Even if I'm locked up North you in the world Wrapped in three-fourths of cloth never showin your stuff off, boo It be true me for you that's how it is I be your Noah, you be my Wiz I'm your Mister, you my Mrs. with hugs and kisses Valentine cards and birthday wishes? Please Be on another level of planning, of understanding the bond between man and woman, and child The highest elevation, cuz we above All that romance crap, just show your love Chorus (starts during the end of verse two, repeats until end) Outro: Method Man I'm sick of police Ha ha ha, cheeba cheeba y'all And you don't stop Yeah yeah, cootie in the -- Tical! Cheeba cheeba y'all, and you don't stop Yeah yeah, cootie in the chair, Tical! Cheeba cheeba y'all, and you don't stop Yeah yeah, cootie in the chair, Tical Mary J. raw, and Meth-Tical {Like sweet morning dew} Yeah yeah {I took one look at you} cootie in the chair, Tical {And it was plain to see} Cheeba cheeba y'all {You were my destiny, baby} Cheeba cheeba y'all Cheeba cheeba y'all, bring it on, yeah What's that shit that they be smoking? No romance without finance for now Baby, please, ninety-five Ticallion Stallion, ha ha, ha ha Man woman and child, yeah {Anything you need, anything you need} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cappadonna f/ Method Man, Raekwon the Chef Album: The Pillage Song: Dart Throwing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon the Chef] Let's get it on Kokomo John John Blazeini, Donna J-Bird Yeah Another Persian legacy [Method] The Iron Lung [Raekwon the Chef] Yo yeah Yeah, yo, yo Dart throwing, yo aimin at your nostril, Aeropostle sword rockin halibut steak we choppin Mili-tia, eight to nine generals at one time Fine we blend wine, go beyond one line Spot the snakeskin, Dunn was scaley Chopped his head off fuhrilly, sit back, crack the Bailey's Wetter than white milk, grab the quilt - that's the heater My nigga drop losses, strike like Adidas Shit is deep, the Grant's still burnin The long time earnin, just got snatched by more Germans Europeans are seein me bleedin, jet off in the Lex skiin, goggles, Louis Rich Sweden [Method Man] I dig my life experiences, wrap it up in twelve inches, keepin my defenses Put it up in raw trenches, holdin court on the park benches In the ghetto servin life sentence Mass confusion in New York, on these city sidewalks Busy sidewalks, there's no snoozin Stop actin like it's me losin, peep my modern day Pompei on city streets, the Sun pack heat in Hell's Kitchen, time to get money finger itchin Once again plot thicken, and you succumb to the will of the slum bite your tongue Burn a bush with the Iron Lung, pay dirt to no one Guilty by association, stank bitch wanna give me some, nappy nasty -- I pass Let them players flash, and trick on they cash on your funky ass I only buy shit that last A lifetime I write rhyme, chippin through the pipeline then it's flight time, that's when I'm jetty in a fifty-seven Chevy, gassed on my own Getti Head heavy, with deadly medleys [Cappadonna] I opened up my rap bible, then the light came over the children, as it began to rain I started buildin, spoke many times before but didn't score, my reading was poor Injected with the Devil's english, I extinguish and approach all hominyms, shit in your brain Wipe my ass with the phenonmenyms, be holy or get shot down with the Moet-o, kid encyclopedia Left y'all petrol, my dancehall standoff rap like Peter Metro, echo echo, what? Beware my psycho, limw piece tec-o leggo Uniform flow, stay strong black my shit is real Peace out bro ... [Method Man] Tical Eyes as diamonds, time again Motherfuckers wanna battle with the bat or pen Give it to em raw, give it to em raw down to the fuckin floor, up to the roof with the proof Meth-Tical mad, god damn! Hahahaha, right Motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cappadonna f/ Method Man Album: The Pillage Song: Milk the Cow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Cappadonna] Let us milk this cow, the best way we know how Park Hill projects, chicka-POW One culture, return of the track slasher Double doser, Cappadonna broadcaster Strivin for perfection, the only way I got my life back was through investin, devotion Movin my soul toward the skit, vocabulary comin out my ass like shit, to feed my babies I gotta fight y'all MC's, this money be gettin me high just like cheese in these tracks I milk for all my childhood, make me feel good So I keep on writin meditatin in the ghetto Makin love waitin for lost minds to settle then I speak out, because we all need the guidance Deep down inside us where you could define science My mother told me, when I was so stressed out "All you gotta do is just put your best out" and I did it, milky Milk this cow (2X) Milk this cow, the best way we know how Park Hill projects, chicka-POW! Chorus: Method Man Hold your own nigga, Razor Sharp with the art Don't gettin blown nigga, throwin darts at the charts Danger Zone nigga, Cappadonna You know the stee' potnah, Wu-Tang death before dishonor - what? [Cappadonna] Yo, new Cappadonna is about to exhale kid Hold all the phone calls, stop all the mail Cappadonna raise hell, speak and I broke the shells Seen brothers that fell when I slipped I had my alibi tight that night, up in the Hill chillin y'all'll get shot, move away things are too hot Look at my spot now, friends are exiled from close distance I flow persistance, every time I step up, I rip reps up Ku Klux, my words swing around like numchucks This ain't for big bucks, never can quit this rap shit it feeds my seeds, I can barely breathe But y'all cats better believe keep off, the darts are soft while I throw these missiles, at your skin tissue You can't escape I absorb, gigantic crowds all aboard Watch out for shitty fraud, my darts slam like doors Makin it hard for you to get yours, selfish Milk this cow, the best way we know how Park Hill projects, chicka-POW! (repeat 2X) Chorus Milk this cow, the best way we know how Park Hill projects, chicka-POW! (repeat 2X) Chorus [Method Man] Bad birds that fuck nerds! *inhaling* Hah! *inhaling* Suck a dick up til ya hiccup motherfuckers! The swarm continues, Wu-Tang Killer Beez Cappadonna Cappucino, the Donna-mite Came to treat your earpiece right Y'all better recognize and realize Hot Nixon, playin my position, bitch! *gunfight* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cappadonna f/ Method Man, U-God Album: The Pillage Song: Supa Ninjaz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (repeating in background: "rock, the body body -- rock the body body" [U-God] Dino the dart specialist Knahmean? Golden Arms, yo Meth-Tical, John John do your thing thing What? Check it The all eye seein, heavenly divine The truth brings out, the temper in my spine A Hill sound again, feelin symptoms that bit me I feel for you victims, with everything up in me (uh-huh) A head ringa, stuffed in sidewalls of frenzy Back the fuck up, cause I'm stimmi off the Remi A semi bloodshot eye, donkey dick of nuts Every cut, I split and try and felt the guts (what?) Nigga what, earthquakin speech, woofer hissin The razor faced victims, WHEW, that's what kissed em Appropriate precaution, surroundin, certain it curtains I'm dumbfounded, I'm poundin, the pavement for mental enslavement, I'm cravin, a misbehavin savior America the grave for gun wavers (what?) The wave runners, what the blood seed again Make you wonder, about the thunder underneath the skin (hmm) The sapphire rhymes slap fire out your minds with right timin, bite with vampire rhymes [Method Man] Hmm, eye spy, with my crooked eye Full metal street soldiers, born to die Put em up yeah fuck yeah, when it's Hammertime niggaz can't be touched here, the true and livin Night vision unseen, like Jean when I hack men The Unforgiven, left in prison in the Wu-Tang dirty dungeon, now you succumbin to my twelve part dirty dozens, flabbergasted by tracks that be Tru Mastered, opposites attract beef plus they ass backwards, stick yourself til I'm felt, this ass whoopin, is bein dealt Like hot beans-and-butter nigga, I got the belt What the deal huh? Swing low, sweet chariot I walk the Underground Railroad, with Harriett Just a slave to the rhythm - victims I'm like alien About to put that shit up in em, I Can't Live Without My Radio, a 100 Miles and Runnin T2 Judgment comin, nobody's safe when I reminisce about Case, still hit the staircase when the coppers give chase, I give em finger The only hip-hop singer, to tell America to kiss his Killer Bee stinger, nothin can save ya from this major misbehavior, heavy hands layin corners in the elevator, guard your grill [Cappadonna] I speculate, get my darts straight, don't exaggerate Dictate, do it with the Papermate, set the plate set the bait, checkmate, fuckin with cha mental state Double take, meditate, earthquake, VGL contemplate Big boys integrate; catch you at the sess skate Army tank, high rank, got the bank Got the shank talk the talk walk the walk from New York to Up North to downstate to L.A., to all day To cliches to instant replays, to all the DJ's To BJ's in the PJ's, equality days With money like legs I plant eggs, Pele roundhead The dog bred, snakes runnin from red, catch dead Raekwon is on, take your uniform, we perform shit like gangs in Now Born, check for new Don Fuck a Yukon, you been warned, we the realest We never were conned, duffed out and knowledge born ("Rock, the body body - rock the body body") - repeat til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cilvaringz f/ Dorona Alberti *, Killah Priest, Masta Killa,  	Method Man, RZA, Salah Edin, Shabazz the Disciple Album: I Song: In the Name of Allah Typed by: Cno Evil * Provides back-up vocals [Intro: Method Man] Shout out to Morocco, what's going down? This your boy, Meth, Mr. that is Capital M, capital E, capital F I'm here to speak upon things, one of your hometown favorites My boy Cilvaringz, doing big things upon this We gon' make it pop like this Ya'll wanna see what time it izzy Man, this is in the name of Allah RZA, Shabazz the Disciple, Masta Killa Killah Priest, your boy John-John Blazini Let's do it [Masta Killa] Listen, the wise elder spoke, write as I quote Then open the seal, and reveal these things That will come to pass, if you can last through the storm Man will be tested in all forms Then flesh will be beaten until submission Forgiveness has been given to spare your life Still your eyes glaze when you greet my wife Sinful thinking, it's strong wine and drinking Lead to the destruction of such men as Samson The grace period given for those who will repent Those other than righteous, Masta Killa will send And time is at hand, as I walk the land From the U.K., back to the streets of B.K. Given sight beyond sight, to write the unseen No amount of treasure can measure the gift given To speak the unspoken, it's the chosen [Killah Priest] I need one cup of Dracula's blood, two virgins Dressed in all black, to start my sermon One heart of a merchant, one teeth of a priest The head of a monk, mixed in a bowl, with the 9/11 souls I see him in the sign as the reverend was told I read the scroll, but I'm still blindfold Wait, I need more ingredients, so I look for the seeds of disobedience Chop off the foot of Bush, throw him in the pot, let him cook To every word I jot in this book, I pray the FBI's overlook The recipe for America's destiny Tech will squeeze, after dragging, I stab him in the abdomen Free the Palestinians, free the Africans Free humanity from the insanity, our planet bleeds Mission cycles of symbols and idols Our skin put Bibles, Qu' Ran, been through temples to old mosque Stepping through the Garden of Eden where the revengeful angels throw rods Oh God, save us from the outrageous Pagans, I spray guns, til the barrel's empty I'm like Moses to Pharaoh's envy, turn of the century Burning in misery, think... [Chorus 2X: Shabazz the Disciple] In the, name of Allah, who we give thanks and praises They turn us from the wages, watch over your saviors He gave us life, made us upright and raised us He wrote the book, we live according to your pages [Killah Priest] When the holy father spit, you see the bottomless pit Demons rise out, Shabazz close the door, this God's house *Salah Edin praying* [RZA] Titanium fangs, skull nearly mammal At the holy city of Mecca, on the back of a talking camel Great fan of Colon, crazy ammo get blown Wherever I sit son, that is my throne I'm the reason why time started, I be the kind hearted Trying to bust me, you aiming at a blind target Designed with a sublime for the vintage I control the whole, don't deal with no percentage Even with a 3.5 mil deposit Your life is still illusive like a CGI composite Where your mind and your body discombobulate Need to regenerate, let your mental seed ovulate For nine months, in the womb of my wisdom You may find a program to descramble the system And cause a glitch, whether bright day or black pitch We strive to build homes, and stack chips From the ice of Alaska, to the heat of Calabasas We over through the master, he build our own castle Remove the impostor, take it up an octave As my vibe continues to energize your shocking Out of Allah mercy, I speak these verses To help bring the truth from beneath the surface To help get the proof, from beneath the churches Defeat shading, and complete the circle [Cilvaringz] I move with a strike of elegance Like Saladin on a horse, backed by seraphim Where flowers open and my past and unruled is downhill But see, I'm quick to the back The fate for the house of Mecca, the stone of Abraham My word alone will enslave a man Deeply to the sword of Islam, though he resides with his mom In the Pagan land, the shit's calm Praying to the cross of Christ, what is right But the Qu' Ran claims Christ never lost his life To the crucified punishment of Roman justice And that's why the Bible cannot be trusted [Chorus 2X] *Salah Edin praying* [Outro: Shabazz the Disciple (Masta Killa)] What up Prince Rakeem, Masta Killa, Cilvaringz John Blaze, S.T.D., in the name of Allah (Yo, yo, one-two, one-two, turn my mic up a little bit Turn the headphones up just a little bit Turn the frequency up a little, yo...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deadly Venoms f/ Wu-Tang Clan 	(Cappadonna, GZA, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Street Life) Album: The Antidote/Protect Ya Neck Collection, Vol. 1 Song: The Earthquake a/k/a One More to Go Typed by: Tha Masta 	"5...4...3...2...1...0"   *explosion* [Inspectah Deck] Yea, this is the poisonous, venomous Killa bee, queen bee connection Live and direct Shaolin, BK, QB, Boogie Down, wherever you found Yo, yo, Deadly Venom is how we end em Mast avenge em, no friend of him bend em in half for enterin My comrodery move like tight security Known to tear the club up plus the after party On the battle field catch a body With no fair warnin, my queen bee connect swarm on em Primate, hold your mic straight before you challenge me Your light weight and only force me to cause casualty Battery packs catch match mines with the solar powered they get over powered shower with rhymes just like white lines of powder Feel the realness from bein solo with this crowd here [Finesse of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, we takin no shorts for sure Comin through, smash you mother fuckers to floor Whoever wanted war, yo, bring it If you got the sword, I'ma swing it Slither back to the pit when my phone started ringin Yo, Come here, what's up, niggaz rock to get stuck Niggaz runnin through the chamber we aint givin a fuck Cuz I'm deadly, I'ma set the pace like a medly Relay, who could match the venom on the replay [J-Boo of Deadly Venoms] Aiyyo, the bitch nice and catch crack like dice Give em a double order of man slaughter on the tape recorder Fuck the law and order, tape muffled and distorted All you heard was murderous shots, the rest was pre-recorded The jury voted, I'm a free venom, hittin niggaz with the momentum Even villains wanna get up in em The feelin's devious from the breathious The way we leavin this is sure to make snakes hiss [Method Man] It be I, the most high, fly robin fly Keep a close eye on Johnny 5, I'll be comin live >From New York, it's saturday night So it's only right, I step to the phony types See em at the party actin hard, but the hardly a threat to the vet Once you start me, no stoppin, no pardon me No coppin a plea, I beat you in the head, third degree What's the science, the 411, can't do me none Still ghetto, I rhyme ghetto, my brother's ghetto Never say die and never settle For anythin less than what the devil posess I'm like MOP to the death Now who is Johnny Blaze, Mr. Meth Mother fuckers [Chorus: Finesse of Deadly Venoms, (Cappadonna)] Hittin fever, come with the raw Deadly Venom meet the Wu, no more to come, now what is left to do (Ghetto collaborations, such a deadly combination Face to face, Shakin your earth, rockin your nation) [Champ MC of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, Sons of fishes rollin with a devious Clan I got a master plan here to blast your man Gettin lyrical, fightin your feelin deep in your mental Like a pencil all in your brain, killin your spiritual The original, fishin yall, rollin with a bunch of criminals Street gunner, Venom strike like thunder This some shit that'll stop your hunger Ready for war, like me let you get a taste of the raw Comin through with the Clan so you won't get far Batters and scars, all respect due to the gods And my queen killa bees just collectin that cheese Overseas, gettin ready for the year 2G, DVs (Poison Clan rocks the world) [Cappadonna] (The Pillage!!) Yo, I'm a great comodity, for see me The great unchained magnetic Release mine, fuck yall, piece mine together To the third power, hit yall like may flowers Scandal, slash three felonies to be the one six vandal >From Park Hill, Shaolin put the work in Dusk do us dawn, Lebanon Don Don't sleep on the adversary Mental niggaz stalk yall out on the ferry You got trapped in between pillars And the venoms, cherry heads are minimum [N-Tyce of Deadly Venoms] Yo, yo, yo, projects of elimination We jack some like Rhythm Nations Got your hard speed like we drag racin We lab replacin, but tried to avoid a confrontation You kind of mixed up like Tiger Woods with that combination I ain't called no names, here's a hint Niggaz with no names, antique things, gold chains Do admire the visual, 'bout the coolest cat in Carolina Individual, everythin digital, like Bobby I'm lovin all them kung-fu flicks, poison em lively I'm quickly on the run through clicks, but fast in a hurry We I smash, leave your vision blurry Tryin to make the bill like Murray [J-Boo of Deadly Venoms] Yo, on the french kiss, sour than blood, hotter than piss You ventriliquist talkin out your ass like this Cuz I insist that you don't wanna show the tape of the hits I told yall, I crush yall on the tape like Quake You tweaky trick, wanna violate, great, Wu and Venom annihilate Don't hesitate to push the rhymes like weight You Shake, Jake thing [Street Life] Yo, PLO, when the guns blow, you'se a no show, homo Holdin like a scarecrow with no dough Street pro's move through the metro Rapidly my faculty quick to blow the boost out your battery My african queen bees is backin me, shuttin down your salary J-Boo twist another Daquiri, fifty steamboat float Flow on this scenario, hydro thoughts lick off like a callico [Finesse of Deadly Venoms] Let's get it on, mic's get blown when you step into my zone Heads get flown for tryin to clone I take that, lie you on your back like you wanna go on For one, there's no part, hold on, like float on I keep it tight, rip all sides to a square You ain't seen no thugs like these no where I swear, you wanna test me, who can it be Rollin with the Fam, Wu-Tang, DVs [GZA] Yo, I dead MC's with this poisonous venom Return and send em, wack niggaz is in em The secretly analyzed, this shit is live I see the allies tryin to stalk the bee hive Forgot the deadly stingin was major bell ringin Too strong for niggaz with eyes closed and slingin Make your point, spot your target and zoom in Before its too late, saw the snake through his hand shake Aimin your darts at a click you can't handle Attack with the paint stones and travel on camel A warm sigh as you cross the barrier But my storm side, will destroy ya area [Chorus x2] (Poison Clan rocks the world Poison Clan rocks the world) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Genius/GZA and Method Man Album: Liquid Swords Song: Gold Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Method Man Aiyyo Shorty, yo that's my word Oh, y'all smellin y'all piss now y'all think y'all gold Yo anybody get caught playin Over here, I'm returnin em that's my word that they be blasted Anything from two-twenty to one-forty, that's mine Y'all need to step the fuck off Y'all niggaz ain't crazy for real Chorus: Genius Yo, the fiends ain't comin fast enough There is no cut that's pure enough I can't fold, I need gold, I re-up and reload Product must be sold to YOU Verse One: Genius I'm deep down in the back streets - in the heart of Medina About to set off something more deep than a misdemeanor Under the subway, waiting for the train to make noise So I can blast a nigga and his boys - for what? He pushed up on the block and made the dope sales drop Like the crashin of Dow Jones stock I had to connect to cross seals, to catch more mil's Than ho-bitches got birth control pills I'm in the park, settin up a deal over blunt fire Bum niggaz sleepin on the bench, they had em wired Peeped my convo, the address of my condo And how I changed a nigga name to John Doe And while we set up camp, we got Vamp Put the stake through his heart, I ripped his fucking fangs apart Snake got smoked on the set like Brandon Lee Blown out the frame, like Pan Am flight 103 He got swung on, his lungs was torn, the kingpin just castled with his rook and lost a pawn A regular on the block, and played look-out For playing predator with a glock, he should have took out Chorus: No neighborhood is rough enough There is no clip that's full enough I can't fold, I need gold, I re-up and reload Product must be sold to YOU.. yo Fiends ain't comin fast enough There is no cut that's pure enough I can't fold, I need gold, I re-up and reload Product must be sold to YOU Verse Two: Genius It's mandatory that I supply all my troops with mega firearms Big apes, and spread em out like crops on a farm to get CREAM, sometimes they repaint the scene Like the last episode on gates and other niggaz plant bombs til the smoke from the blast becomes thick and flows through all they knew, he's gun sick His glock clicks, like high-heeled shoes on parquay floors Mad sick, stand on hills and invade wars Filthy foul, shoveling dirt, he's out to hurt For instance, chop off hands, attack worth His idols would lock down airports and extort some import, catchin ten percent of what the fiends snort Up in the ski resorts, up in hills They move keys and had skis making drops on snowmobiles The plan was to expand, catch seven figures, release triggers And live large and bigger than my nigga Who promised his moms a mansion with mad rooms She died, and he still put a hundred grand in her tomb Open wounds, he hid behind closed doors And still organized his crime and drug wars Chorus: Fiends ain't comin fast enough There is no cut that's full enough I can't fold, I need gold, I re-up and reload Product must be sold to YOU No neighborhood is rough enough There is no clips that's full enough I can't fold, I need gold, I re-up and reload Product must be sold to YOU The peers that come is tight enough There is no niggaz that's fuckin up I can't fold, I need gold, I re-up and reload Product must be sold, to YOU The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Genius/GZA (w/ Method Man, RZA) Album: Liquid Swords Song: Living in the World Today Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: RZA Yo [yeah] Check it out son, check it out son Yo, [Wu, can I get a soo] live in the place to be You got the capital G G to the A-M-C Givin a mad shout out to the Ranch Crew from the old school And we gonna take y'all back, knowhatI'msayin? Lyrical sorcerors right here, the fathers, the cream of the crop son [Yo check it] Chorus: The Genius Well if you livin in the world today You be hearin the slang that the Wu-Tang say Niggaz that front we don't handle em So we blast em, alright, well OK Well if you like the way it sound then clap man And if the women love it too well then raise your hands But only raise your hands if you're Sure [Meth] Punk niggaz shatter like a glass jaw, break it Verse One: The Genius My rhyme gross weight vehicle combination was too heavy for the Chevy's is chased out the station Double-edged was the guillotine that beheaded it  gassed up, fuckin with some regular unleaded shit Heads roll on hillsides behind ropes that bind-in, X marks the spot on the scope Heavily armed military is necessary, it's a gamble MC's bet they best at every Powerful parable ditties might harm if tampered with, set off and strike like pipe bombs Flashbacks to the Duel of the Iron Mic Look out for these fatal flying spikes, of massive sleep-holds, put strangle on commercial angle Microphone cords tangled from being Star Spangled Now who could ever say they heard of this? My motherfuckin style is mad murderous Chorus: (in reverse verse) Interlude: Method Man, Genius Well what you know about MCin?  Yo, I know a lot Well can you demonstrate somethin nigga?  Huh, I'd rather not I'm talkin bout stacks cousin  Nigga that's what I got Cash Rules the world  Well Cash Rules the spot Verse Two: The Genius My preliminary attack keep cemetaries packed of niggaz who think it ain't like that MC's are gunned down like being run down with mad trucks Them God struck, religious niggaz call it bad luck Rap celeb, you got caught up in the web now bees are stingin, yo that niggaz em-singin I'm just swingin swords strictly based on keyboards Unbalanced like elephants and ants on see-saws I throw raps that attack like the Japs on Pearl Harbor MC's be out like bank robbers Fleeing the scene, to be a sole survivor DJ the getaway driver Tried to dip but he dive I socialize on vocal vibes On tracks stabbed up with razor sharp knives Criminal subliminal minded rappers find it Hard to define it, when narrow is the gate for fat tapes and then played out and out of date Then I construct my thoughts on site to renovate And from that point, the God made a statement Draftin tracements, replacements in basements materials in sheet-rock, to sound proof the beat box and microscopic optics received through the boxes obnoxious topic, major labels, flavor tropical Punchlines, that's unstoppable Ring like shots from glocks that attract cops around the clubs and try to shut down the hip-hop But we only increase if everything is peace Father U C King the police Chorus Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Genius (Maximillion) w/ Method Man (Johnny Blaze) Album: Liquid Swords Song: Shadowboxin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Method Man/Johnny Blaze [special technique] Fuck that [special technique of shadowboxing] God damn (The GZA, god damn!) (The GZA, god damn!) Pledge allegiance to the hip-hop! (Method, god damn!) I pledge allegiance to the hip-hop (Maximilli-on, Maximilli-on) (Uh, yeah, ahh, uh) Johnny Blaze I pledge allegiance to the hip-hop (Johnny Blaze) Maximilli-on Maximilli-on Verse One: Method Man/Johnny Blaze I breaks it down to the bone gristle Ill speaking Scud missle heat seeking Johnny Blazing, nightmares like Wes Craven Niggaz gunnin, my third eye seen it coming Before it happen You know about them fucking Staten Kids they smashin Everything huh, in any shape form or fashion Now everybody talking bout they blastin, hmmm Is you bustin steel or is you flashin? Hmmm Talkin out your assHOLE You shoulda learnt about the flow and peasy afro Ticallion stallion, chinky eye and snot nosed From my naps to the bunion on my big toe I keeps it movin, know just what the fuck I'm doin Rap insomniac, fiend to catch a nigga snoozing Slip the cardiac arrest me, excorcist hip-hop posess me Crunch a nigga like a Nestle, you know my STEEZ burning to the third degree, sneaky ass alley cat top pedigree The head toucher, industry party bum rusher You don't like it dick up in ya fuck ya (allow me to demonstrate) That's right, you corny-ass (the skill of Shaolin) rap motherfuckers (The special technique) Better go back and check (of shadowboxing)   your fuckin stacks (Shadowboxing)   Cause your naps ain't nappy enough        And your reefs ain't rugged enough        Bitch Verse Two: The Genius/Maximillion I slayed MC's back in the rec room era My style broke motherfuckin backs like Ken Patera Most rap niggaz came loud but unheard Once I pulled ut, round em off to the nearest third Check these non visual niggaz, with tapes and a portrait Flood the seminar, tryin to orbit this corporate indsutry, but what them niggaz can't see must break through like the Wu, unexpectedly Protect Ya Neck, my sword still remain imperial Before I blast the mic, RZA scratch off the serial We reign all year round from June to June While niggaz bite immediately if not soon Set the lynchin, and form the execution date As this two thousand beyond slang suffocate Amplify sample through vacumn tubes compressions cause RZA, to charge niggaz twenty G's a session Verse Three: Method Man/Johnny Blaze When my mind start to clickin, and the strategy is mastered the plot thickens, this be that Wu shit I don't give a cotten-pickin FUCK about a brother tryin to size a nigga up, I hold my own Hard-hat protect your dome Look at mama baby boy actin like he grown No time for sleep, I gets deep as a baritone Killa bee, that be holdin down his honeycomb, loungin son Wu brother number one, protect your neck Flying guillotines here they come, bloody bastards Hard times and killer tactics, spittin words plus semi-automatic slurs, peep the graphic novel from the genie bottle, hit the clutch shift the gear now, full throttle, time to bungee To the next episode, I keeps it grungy Hand on my nutsac, and spittin lung-ghies At a wack nigga dat, don't understand the fact When it come to RZA tra-cks I don't know how to act Real rap from the Stat, killa hill projects How to be exact, break it down All and together now Things are getting good looking better now (Allow me to demonstrate the skill of Shaolin) (Sha-shadowboxing, the special technique of shadowboxing) (Shadowboxing) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: GZA f/ Method Man Album: Beneath the Surface Song: String Play (Like This, Like That) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Method Man] Uh, and it goes like this Uh uh uh uh, it goes like that Now let me tell you who I am Up early in the morning, dressed in black Who dat? *echoes* [Genius/GZA] Yo yo Marvel this theatrical, drama on stage Broadway classical, led men to rage Like currents, the beat change and now a flow is strange You in the arctic wit wolves that viciously main Thugs that roam clubs, in the dark wit fireworks that spark Saltwater vibrations comin from sharks Blood-thirsty kids bite just as well as I write You're like secretaries who can't type, you're no use Broke down vessels who want a boost, there's no jokes Quick fast you, get stumped cuz you played, your organ pump Kool-Aid, from Indiana wit the Jones of a Lost Crusade Hip-hop done hit the church, choir girls rockin mini skirts The b-side kept plenty hurt Push like the shovels in snow storms And stack piles of foul, the shit you must GROW ON! *echoes* Chorus [Method Man] 4x Uh and it goes like this Uh uh uh uh, it goes like that [Method Man] Pay no attention to the evil they speak You caught the beef wit the equal eye, poisonous beats from underneath Crack the concrete wit two left feet Head on my meat Ain't no games here we playin for keeps (WE PLAY FOR KEEPS!) Introducing, the crowd seducing man on the street Penitentiaries is either half-dead or too sweet Back to basic, condition-al god, plus I can take it Wagin war within the matrix, it's hard to see Touch, hear, smell or even taste it, take your places We runnin in these human races, bucking naked Back-slappin kid yappin, actin villian catchin feelin like we cap peelin As if we killin every brick in every project building From Cabrini Green to Tildens, sincerely yours Mista Meth and Maximilion (da millions, da millions) (Ka ka ka ka ka ka ka KAAA!) (da millions ha!) Chorus 5x [Method Man] Uh uh uh uh Uh uh uh uh Wu-Tang Killa Bees on the swarm (WE PLAY FOR KEEPS!) (WE PLAY FOR KEEPS!) Wu-Tang Killa Bees on the swarm And it goes like this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Fishscale Song: 9 Milli Bros. Typed by: ethorburn@gmail.com Intro: (RZA) Bob Digi, U G.O.D, Raekwon the Chef, the Inspektah Deck M.E.T.H.O.D. (Man), the B.O.B.B., straight up, Masta Killa, the Gza, the Genius.. It's the Ol' D-d-dza-za-za Diiiirty Bastard! (music starts) [ODB] 1, 2, 1, 2, (Killa Beez) turn it up   the headphones, turn it up.. yo you hear me? [Cappa] Whuttup Toney? [Ghost] Wassup don' don'.. [ODB] All the way up.. [Ghost] You know how we do.. [Cappa] Let's get this paper together.. [Ghost] You motherfuckin' right Pa, uh huh [Cappa] What's up, y'all [Ghost] We wanna do it nigga [ODB] You know how I do [Ghost] Sound about to goin' on some real Wu-shit, uh huh [Cappa] W-T-C  [Ghost] That's right [Ghost] Ya know what I mean? [RZA] Ghost-FACE KILLA! [Ghost] Lemme give y'all the bullshit hook for y'all niggas   check it out... [Hook: Ghostface Killah] The burners in the stash, we about the cash We got females that got it like that The golden childs that bone the crowd See niggas in the place that bit my style Well I'm a singer, dancer, we bulletproof brothers Wu-Tang got the answerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr..... Cuz if I had a chance, to do it again I will still keep the heat in my pants, uh [Ghostface Killah] Y'all be nice to the crackheads, everybody listen up I shot one of my bitches, the hoe ain't trick enough Word life to big screen Don, tapping dustbones out With starwriters like I fucked Celine Dion Stuck everything that's the god's honest beyond We airin' niggas out that's the type shit that we on Official Wu-Tang headbanger Flood your space with big waves like you didn't set an anchor [Raekwon the Chef] Yo, I drink heavy gallons of Crew, play the big part niggas got squid on the grill, selling kids Clarks Finesse notes, yo, the Guess on with the vest pose Yellow swede one matching hat with the grey gun Niggas be rhymin' for nothing, then my team pull up We all throw down y'all broke niggas stay frontin' Lines come digital stupid, plus ain't got no jewelry on, bet I'm still live and I'm coopin' Two of my silverbacks run through a pack of your wolves Front on react and sippin' Cog-i-nac so relax dude Know I'm with these cracks dude [ODB] Yo, 1, 2...Dirt McGirt! Solid tone smith with 6th shots, lick shots Leave your head like a Shaolin monk with 6 dots Brooklyn, Zoo, Zoo (Yo) Brooooklynnnnnnn....ZOO! (Yo!) [Cappadonna] It's the return of Bin Laden, grab your armor Smash pretty boy niggas, crush they karma Eat bones with alligators, roll deep, with my entourage My whole crew's fresh out the bars Diggler, AKA the Cab Driver Drop him off in the middle of fire Dirty Island, drag bodies to the murderland Knock niggas out hurtin' my hand [Method Man] I remember in the elevators when we was playin' corners Now we play the corners and the cops is stayin' on us, (uh) Staten's where the war is where the court system's running out of warrants Where TNT be jumping out the Taurus For real I can't call it you see I love Lucy cuz she Lawless Exactly like that 1-0-3-0-4 is Snitch niggas swallow your tongue Already know the island I'm from And y'all don't want no problems with them [Genius/GZA] We got a history, full of lightning victories Conceptual breakthrough it ain't no mystery Long vision, from giants in every way Rap czars, magnificent flows for every day From the East to the ville, from the West to the hills Incredible rhymes, encouraging skill From rat packs, the smallest crews were enormous We hit 'em fast, with an effortless performance MCs start fleeing in flocks Especially those that's more sensitive to heat and shock [Inspektah Deck] We grindin', down to the bone My name grounded in stone I'm Mr. Violence we loungin' with Chrome Mr. Violence we lounge in his home, hit the housing on Rome Shining like a hundred thousand in stones Move mountains with poems, got a jones for dinero 1-6-zero my songs we throwin' elbows The hoes cling, sho thing, we know kings Only dime dikes, with minds right, we choose Queens [Masta Killa] Yeah we wild like rockstars who smash guitars Yo son split his face with the toast, he ain't Ghost It's no joke iron coat rifle with the stroke One toke brains float, shot to the throat Before the smoke hit, witness the killing On the crime scene Body on the block Eyes open from the shock Of being popped in the neck Yet he still had a lit cigarette between his fingers Danger when you step into the chamber with the master Disaster, gotta blast ya, cuz I hafta [U-God] The rat pack is back from the island of Stat' Leave you cursed off, cuz you worship the gat The first one to snap drunk off the Smirnoff Blow the bouncer's head off, let him floss he the boss Handcuffed, to the turntables like, Wizard Theodore See it's pure, let it rain curly ounces Bang him with the thing that hang from the trousers You don't want no drama, I'm flaming fast That nigga jumped up and did the Damon Dash (Dash..) {*gunshot*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Method Man, Raekwon the Chef Album: Ironman Song: Box in Hand Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: *sung*] Wu Tang will survive, no no no-no no no Wu Tang will survive Cause every time they flip a party  You know the party screams and shouts Cause you... DAMN! Aw, TC that was the bomb... [Ghostface] Get all my peoples, get all my peoples headphones All of em Lay em a death warrant Aaaah, yo, show it off, kid, show em, what, what Let em have it, bust it, hey yo, hey yo [Verse One: Raekwon] Blend wine, who want to win mine Shorty get a ten-round for floatin With the richest, huh Flexed out, Flinstone style Your crimi-nal pen pal kidnapped Loud, jetted the Mosyin, posin for them niggaz up in Poland Rollin wax style museum, G 'em  Them richest niggaz bless this Like Russian cut VVS's Slide the hatchback, black were finessing this Them niggaz over there know, Gazelle goggles And them Lottos, 88 style, throwin' bottles (bottles) Scenario rap, rap imperial, material (uh, yo yo, yo, yo) Murderin' cats is like that real [Verse Two: Ghostface] Yo come do me somethin word to Michelob peep the Land Rov' Sleeper hold club faggots lay your dome on a stove It's like space kid, the whole world is pitch black, granola rap Dough got smaller famous team, walked up in Photomat Black down, numerous rounds, boots is brown Getaway driver, this white bitch from out of town We love horse races shakin Jakes and high-speed chases Porno stations, drinkin violations, God relations 90 minute Maxell tapes, instrumental breaks Bangin earaches, lay my verse down in two takes The speaker pops, the Winchester rifle's in the kitchen Murder the DJ's eyes twitchin, woofer hissin [Interlude: Raekwon] Yo, he's strong armin, manipulatin niggaz, scrapin niggaz Takin play from niggaz, hate fakin niggaz, yo you hear me? The whole shit's like wrestling  What you dare me? Back the fuck up kid, we flexin [Verse Three: Method Man] This rap shit bust yo' gums, and leave you stunned Pull your plug, now you can't function There's no to-tal or sum to this equa-tion, you fro-zen Many may come but few are cho-sen Pretty niggaz want to play the war po-sin When the ruckus come, they be the first to get their shine stolen Do or die, it be I, Meta-physical Man Holding court from my Wu, indivisible clan I see your thoughts and your hand reachin It's getting deep in this mud Cats heat seekin, for one blood Nameless thugs with aimless slugs, shootin at these stank bitches Less he gon' bring this above, I make switches From the lamp I grant three wishes Johnny be parlayin, I Blaze britches, then I roll One hundred percent mind, one hundred percent body One hundred percent soul, individual Assholes tend to run From this PLO extortion to the one The next chamber, you fuckin with the star spangler To the dawn's early light with this head-banger Boogie, represent this shit fully Like I'm constantly at war with the town bully Who want that pressure, about to get smacked silly Like a fat bitch in Spandex, free Willy! We on some milli, check the joint, engine number nine Niggaz wastin time worryin about me and mine Get your own shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Cappadonna, Method Man, Redman Album: Supreme Clientele Song: Buck 50 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method] Who I'm is? The phenom, them niggaz can't live Who I'm is? We ain't got shit, somethin got to give Y'all done flipped y'all wig, blacked out the crib Die and live for my nigs and my bad-ass kids, freeze *sniff* Lookin at your ice like GEEZ! I'm plottin on the mousetrap, about to snatch the cheese I heard y'all kids is bout that, psychotherapy You buggin where the couch at? Wu, til they bury me Never tell a lie, like George with the cherry tree Now it's cherry pie - if it's not broke, let it be Ain't nuttin nice in - New York Stick you for your cake and your icing That tough talk? Don't mean nuttin when you're up North So keep them hands where I can see em like you want freedom You know that saying - if you can't join 'em, beat 'em and push your way in We ain't acrobats but we flip on occasion Pick the pace up, pants saggin pull your waist up Niggaz rentin slum jewels from Jacob, FOOL! You're like, "Dude! I don't like your fuckin attitude Frontin on my Clan from the Stat' when we ain't mad at you" [Ghostface] Yo, yo Starks with the parcheesi face, measly paced ofays Ghostface, jump out the window for a little taste The joopy look, my main bitches call me lazy Educated birds say, "Ghost you so crazy!" 	.. "There's no love to be found" [Cappadonna] Cappa' slide through with the Ghost Post up like paint on walls Drip jewels, big heat ruffle inside the bubblegoose It's the Odd Couple Hollow points follow you home, Staten Island playin with the big toys that make noise Echo in the hall, a scared voice Niggaz start to act choice, but Duncan Hines didn't know Betty Crocker had them two nines Made the club moist, shattered the windows Dustheads runnin (yo) The rap kingpin bust the Black Jesus is comin [Redman] Yo The words you talk, that'll be the words you walk Body you in the bed where the nurses are Put your vein out, watch me insert the dart til it plagues from Bricks to the Persian Gulf Light circuits off, thirty-third of my brain is off That explains why my language off My gun aim and cough, y'all ain't trained to brawl Y'all more like in trainin bras Wet behind the ear, you're not prepared for the project flow, with extra stairs I pass out a vest to wear (bullets, FLYIN) Yo, the hard wire, startin barn fires Pullin mad, so you know it's me and your weed got more seeds than ODB Can't smoke witcha, watch Ghost tie rope to ya Def and Wu will open ya [Method] .. eat a dick like (HUH) Baby shake your shit, girl you're thick like (HUH) Gettin rich like .. 	.. "There's no love to be found" [Ghostface] Word.. it's me y'all.. We in two-six's flirtin with bitches Dime plus takin pictures, how you doin baby? My name Ghost Don't get caught up in my chains, or the way that I speak Seek intelligence, slickest nigga goin since "Grease" Check out the grays on the side of my waves I grew those on Riker's Island Stretched out, balled up in the caves Pull a boot out on Jimmy Jam, text takes jam Silky texture, Jordan jumped up like Clyde Drexler All up in the parrot, nose numb, real as they come Biggie's Versace's, snow white rabbit Hands is like photographic magic, funeral love Movin when we hug, don't make it a habit Hit the gym for two weeks, come back all chiseled Elbows unique now, meet the new me Ghettofabulous, Ton' Atlas Zulu Nation in the 80's in front of Macy's I start my own chapters Tyco nightglow velvet pose, special effects High-tech armors merc you at the shows Supercalifragalisticexpialidocious Dociousaliexpifragalisticcalisuper Cancun, catch me in the room, eatin grouper.. [Method] Shoe fly shoo, Wally Don Clark crew Fuck y'all wanna do? Crack a brew, smoke an L or two And flip like (HUH) Killin for the whole click is sick like (HUH) You and your stank bitch eat a dick like (HUH) Baby shake your shit, girl you're thick like (HUH) Gettin rich like (HUH) Yeah.. 	.. "There's no love to be found" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, Superb Album: Bulletproof Wallets Song: Flowers Typed by: bambam2219@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro: (?) [Raekwon] "Huh huh huh huh huh hah hah hah hah hah hah" [Yeah, yeah, y'know Tranquilise, tranqulise] Yeah, yeah Yo Ghostface! {*echoes*} [c'mon] Raekwon! {*echoes*} Meth! {*echoes*} [Raekwon] See me in the club, got a gun on my Lex/legs Select paper and invade all the illest niggas Tally up pen, yo, Live Crew meetin' Layin' in the lab with rolls o' fly Mo-et ho All niggas eatin' (WOAH! *echoes*) Wreckin' Ball Gangsters, unleash the law Straight up, colourful drawers, bad whores On the weekend eat a raw style like Flounder Fuckin' wit' mine or how we design My niggas might find ya Layin' in the Tropics, big dick shit on park They way his Khak's look, niggas on ?chocolates? Movin' out, coloured Durangos switch to me, bro That's how I picture rich niggas with the same coats All rich niggas with the same coat. [Method Man] You can catch this crew, and fall in a ship Fully equipped, on a star tack, callin' a bitch How much you get, when that Absolute and Hennesey mix (Ultimate, ultimate) Wu shit, my whole click (Ultimate, ultimate) Rubba-dub, ass in the club, showin' me love Sayin' "Peace" to the nigga that thug, I got the drugs And the .38, snub-nose, strikin' a pose Baby girl, throw the drink on my clothes, then meet ya ?bos? Lewis Fritz, Hot Nikks, nigga what's happenin'? Any shit, holdin' my dick, smokin' a clip, thanks for askin' Mashin', the latest fashion, Dance floor packed with whites, blacks and latins All N Together, together for worship better Now I put it down whether its Methy, Method, or Meth-Tical Prop, skate, roll, bounce I'm bound to wreck ya body as they turn the party out. [Raekwon] Oh magazine's slipped, kinda like we lit Deliver was a lit, ya niggas know High niggas rent , I'm set like nuh Purple and the new Lex Trifle and work, let's murder eveything that Wu wanted sent [?] I'd better pay Big Momma for usin' his lyrics Pay Big Momma for usin' his lyrics (You betta) Pay Big Momma for usin' his lyrics Pay Big Momma for usin' his lyrics (come on, come on) [Superb] And my mouth stay dry 'cos I swallow the struggle I might connect you to a VCR, add delay, bug you I'm not a gangsta, I hate thugs too I'm just a nigga that painted a picture without a paintbrush too Without a paintbrush too [Ghostface Killah] Bulletproof Wallets, 20 t'ya kids that says made outta Korea Top Sear, pass the beer, last to see a raj (?) be beamed up behind the stove askin' how Maria pop Leer Cursed style near, burst out a purse with the gods you jeer From Star's Pizzeria, police hate the veer Especially when the shots ring off in slow motion when yo' head hit the meter You lost two leaders, at the same case speeder Peter Slim Duch shook 'em down for his reefer James chased the recent with a hatchet on Easter Two murders in the 'hood, we call 'em double features Watch how I eat this, freak the best teacher At the prayer with the preacher, I get (?) in the bleachers And your girl, I might eat her I'm a lover, not a biter (well, yeah) I still catch her for a piece [Superb] *singing* He's as good as the rest of 'em And as bad as the worst So don't hate me You'd better move over, yeeeeeaaaah- (yeah, yeah) - eeaaaaaah! *beat stops* [Ghost] Fuckin' idiots! *beat starts again* Outro - Ghostface Killah [?] Yo, uhuh, Wallets motherfuckers That's right, all my shit is Bulletproof Stoop for the Bulletproof (yeah) Yeah, Projects (yeah) Bulletproof Wallets [DJ! DJ! *echoes*] On yo' ass nigga, you heard? Dirt-ass niggas, ya niggas ain't got a chance *echoes* [Stadio *echoes*] [One-three *echoes*] [Word up! *echoes*] [Ya now dead *echoes*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Masta Killa, Method Man Album: The Big Doe Rehab Song: Killa Lipstick Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, yeah... we gon' high to this (The world's crazy, son yeah.. you know) We gon' high to this (just something about her) My girl's a killa, my girl's a killa (You know, her bag was always heavy, everytime I been around it) We gon' high to this (and diners, and restaurants, I don't know) Yeah... yo... [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, I couldn't get enough from the way she smell Was it Baby Phat, J.Lo, or straight Chanel Her face belongs in a Luther video, Never Too Much The way she smile, her face look pretty, though Hands is soft, feet, no calysses Her father owned six pallets in palaces Laying out in New York, crush villas in Vegas Greatest designer wear, son, she sport the latest So I, pause the smooth talk, made her a drink Blew her a kiss, as I sat down, she smiled and winked Stood up, grabbed my hand, what up, slid ya boy to the bedroom Popped the suitcase, I'm in the lead room This check was loaded, equipped, with fifths Porcelain handles with horse back kicks, whispered "You know what, Ghost, I do hits" But niggas get fooled By the sexyness, I'm a real gritty bitch [Chorus: Method Man] Killa Lipstick, my femme fatale, with the biscuits A hit chick, now I'm number one on her hitlist She killing the game, cuz she the business Type of chick that love you to death, then leave no witness Killa, I call you Killa cuz you slay me Killa, you murda, mami? Ooh, you such a fucking lady Killa, drive me half crazy, let's go half on this baby Killa Lipstick, k-k-killa [Ghostface Killah] Yeah, this white chick Everlay, she smell Downy Had her best friend named Jade, from Rockland County Double cokeheads who love cartoons, type chicks who eat pussy Listen to Prince and play with they wombs Flight attendant out of Delta Airline, get money girls Travelled the world, only one did jail time Jade, her father's a judge, same nigga in the O.J. case When he tried on the glove, but uh, in this scenario, four A.M. The bars closed, now we at it again Drunk nigga, come out I'm popping mad shit, he's past it Nancy Drew, drew out her purse, the blue steel ratchet Didn't even say shit, she blasted, barrel smoking Shot the Henny out his hand for laughing These are my bitches, Nancy and Jade Natural born killas be letting they guns blaze... god damn! [Masta Killa] Look she tired of the same old basic, let's face it This is how she wants to be laced, I'm raping it Anywhere, I'm taking it, she loving how the gangsta flex This is thug sex, Iking it, nasty talk As she liking it, spanking it, she biting the sheets She's a freak, my view from the embassy suites Is off the beach shore, Dirty would've love you, mami 'You like it raw?' A tear drop, fucking you slow I see your knees knock, your love is so sweet If I switch beats, and hit you with angles, you might breathe You know the Godbody make healthy wise seeds You, plus a glass of weed, is all he need You could travel so far, look, maybe book a flight to Mars To escaping at, one forty two? They take Jet Blue for two, into Long Beach Rain lifted whipping the port, from when I touch Look something nice up in the stash, hit a Dutch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Cappadonna, Method Man, Raekwon, Sun God, Trife Da God Album: The Big Doe Rehab Song: Paisley Darts Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah, yo, yeah, yo [Ghostface Killah] Catch me on yo' brochure with beachballs, at least three whores Head wop Queens know how to work they jaws They skintone is coffee and milk, mixed up Ass as big as my boss' wife, stomach ripped up Spitting liquor in they mouth, cold Moet Captain Morgan, taking flicks, posing, holding my tech With cowboy hats and coach bags, they party like rockstars Bo Gary watches, just chill, they down in the shark bars And me, gunslinger, clips, cock D My fashion on, I'm rocking 'em new Rasheeds I'ma finish ya, go in brother like Mr. Cee You could find me fucked up like the mice in cheese Life's a B, Bentley and big bills Bottles, biscuits, bitches, blunts, bad boys bodying pit bulls Karate, black belt and I bring booze To big bar brawls, ball games blasting, fuck 'til my balls blue [Raekwon] We like the black Yankees, old vets who sit in the rest Thankful, counting up currency and move when it rain, pour From every bitch that we bless, we hit up, automatic love The Cuban Link niggaz is the realest My wallet walk, speak to niggaz, cops, judges We put it down, Columbian style, with three killas Based on money, dummies'll die It ain't funny, trying to front on mine, we get in ya mommy Keep cool, nigga, read him the rules, before he bleeding in pools And fuck my shit up, and I'ma just lose Paid a lot of paper to live here American Gangster status, Big Brother, lemme get in ya ear You know what time it is, crime it is No matter what rhyme it is We gon' stay fly, hit lye, rock diamond shits (no question) Based on a general's fist of fury Neck, arm, money, all of that's crispy jewelry [Sun God] Let me show you how I g ride, nina on both sides Nobody riding shotgun but the four-five Nigga, if you won't try, I'll give ya something to regret Throw that mothafucking semi to ya neck Throw the other black Jimmy to ya chest If you budge, you get stretched, nothing more, nothing less Pay respect, I'm a element of Homicide Housing In other words, bitch, I'm the resident from Homicide Housing Known for drug dealing, stack thousands Four hundred grand in the couches, two hundred grand on the houses At any time I could move up out this And go and cop some shit up in the moutains [Trife Da God] Aiyo, aiyo, you know ya boy stay fresher than produce Timberland snow boots, collecting more CREAM than a toll booth I grind daily, Patriotic like Tom Brady I'm the bomb baby, cuz what I write is beyond crazy I'm the Don with the teflon armor, good karma, mac palmer Call me Arab Diesel cuz I'm a track bomber Roger that, my niggaz ain't got it cracked All we do is dollar stack, get twisted like bottlecaps While you on the block getting indicted We island hopping, globe trotting through the friendly skies flying United There's a party over here and everybody's invited The headliners is Theodore and everybody's excited [Method Man] Fuck that, 'bout time we took it back to the block The task force coming, I got crack in my sock White Rock on the dinner plate, get cash, shit is hot Smash whips on the Interstate, we dash on the cops It's them dudes, drug slingers, 1-6-Ooh Crime figure, rhyme spitter, his gun spit too Call 'em Sex Pistols, ravishing, nigga, I'm Rick Rude And ain't many mothafuckas could fit up in Rick's shoes Man, listen, ice glisten, they love the life we living That's a given, like football players love white women White linen, a tight denim, that ass look right in 'em Shit, I'm riding 'em, cool as Kahlua's with ice in 'em, shit... [Hook: Ghostface Killah] + (Cappadonna) Aiyo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo I pass the mic to Cap (Nah, I pass it back) Never, son, hold that, you the master of the rap attack So knick knack patty wack (This is how we do it black) (Slap you with the almanac) Where actual facts is sold as facts [Cappadonna] We on our grown man shit like Quincy Jones Travelling across the world while we smoking the bone We grinding, y'all niggaz know what we do We get it in with the Murderland, Chi-town too Hit you up, something nice 'til the death of Yakub Swagger stuck on ya face like a New Jack tool Right back at you, yeah me and my dude Toney We don't fuck with fake contracts and niggaz that's phony Trying to get this money, right homey And lay back in the Riverside, just chill, relax the domepiece Link up with a fly dime, brick and a chrome piece Coming for that gwop, yeah nigga, you got beef {*skit of Ghostface and co. speaking during concert follows*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Method Man, Raekwon, Redman Album: Apollo Kids Song: Troublemakers Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Forreal? Can I get a juice, lord? Yeah, yeah... yeah, squad niggas boy, forreal Uh-huh, forreal, man, word, open the door, man Hustle flow shit, yeah, aiyo, pass the cigar, lord Come on, man, stop playing, man [Raekwon] We in the cabin playing backgammon, gorilla monster slammers Brothers higher us, try us you gon' die, son Green medicine, blow veterans Run in Adidas store, six more valors, drawers feather skin Haircutted up, hollering, seven through three sixes No, we ain't the devil, where ya llama, dick? Can't stand the other side, niggas know we rich, we color guys Loose up your mother, true lullabies Gangsta ever readies, take off my shirt, no batteries, nigga Just one mean magnum killer Snowmobiles jetting out the Timber, feel Chef altitude Yo, I can't breathe, check the splendor Brazilian honey dip, I'm on my rifle day, nigga Times is roughing, Timberland cuffing One knee up, G up all the re-up Hope we can pull it back, my throat my only weapon, blow the beat up [Ghostface Killah] Stuff pillow pads in the rat holes, reduce that faggot ass nigga Who wanna jump like a frog to a tadpole Gag it up, sliding through the ER, batted up A tube in your dick, you can't piss when standing up Hands is shaking, doctors is taken to operating "Nah, he might not live!" So they start debating You in bad shape, in the neck of New York Your slithering ways, lay with you a bad snake Smash bake, eight stab holes in your shoulder blades You wilding on the stretcher and shit, bitch trynna hold your legs Nah don't hold his legs, tell that bitch ass nigga to chill Put something in his meat like boiling eggs Got gophers that sleep in the woods, car hard down Padlock your bow-legged spot, where your rocks now? You ain't moving no crack, you'se a moving ass rat After you lay up in that morgue, I'mma fuck your back Yeah, nigga, die slow with your smirk on Night-night lights, dim it down, get your mirk on Later I see you in hell, get your bird on Filled with embalming fluid, get your serve on [Redman] My sherm on in the hood when I ride by My eyes looking like I learned how to skydive The world is yours, there's rules you abide by Ride with the fly guy on I-95 They said a nigga return, but I never left I told Big L through me, he could resurrect I'm that nigga like Puff in L-O-X I took one L and life is still Double X Brick City where I bleed on the streets at The E's in M&M's, I need a +Relapse+ And bitches, grab my mic, give me feedback Reggie you an asshole, baby I be that Yeah, I get cocky when the beat pumping You know you doing it when your tire lip running I keep a freak and I call chicken McNugget Cuz this +Superbad+ nigga, she McLovin' [Method Man] Fiends get killed in my hallways, we parle My feet been killing me all day Your boy down for lot, like them killas in raw way It's all work and no play, cuz this block ain't nothing like Broadway Revenge is sweeter then sorbet, you all become believers Once this heaters in your face, just a part of my funk swear Ya'll don't want no part of the gun spray I would hate to pull it in one stray That's where the innocents by stand, we trapped inside these tenements like damn Why mama trynna feed us this spiced ham Connects trynna cheat us with light grams Co-defendants try to lighten they sentence, snitching to white man Turned state evidence, fam, we ain't jellin' Felons ain't felons no more, they straight tellin' Ain't nothing worse than a rat, you can't smellin' And ain't nothing worse than a track, you can't sellin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Method Man, Street Album: Hidden Darts * Song: When You Walk Typed by: lunitoke@sbcglobal.net * originally the "Box in Hand (Remix)" from the Box in Hand 12" [Verse One: Ghostface Killah] Yeah, assorted flavor Clarks No doubt The beer champ Yeah, curly head kid Yo, yo, yo From Gators to blazers, low fades and razors Big dick saloon, I contact the womb; the black asian Which location keeps circulating My wonder twin power activate - shit on this nation Allah seen represent the gummy with the green who walk mean stand up on your block and burn a bean Sir Ballentine, lookin at that bitch wide behind The thing that's fucked up appeal us that's wine They turn around take my last pull off the L these niggas on the block keep looking at me well But they want the jewel it ain't hard to tell I'm recognize his face, he actin like Denzel But fuck him, I went to check low for chop on a ball gone the size like faith up top Now it's a whole new ball game, strategic mind frame My dialogue's rebellious raid and razor fame Glass out a red light, see Killah get on a ninja bike Show my love to the God he peeled out and made a right {*Sound of speeding motorcycle*} When you walking down the street with your - Box in your hand and you bringing the music of the - Wu-Tang Clan And you hear Ironman on your - radio rapping Your feet start the dancing and your - hands start the clapping [Verse Two: Street] Street's running through your dancehall gunning like Lee Harvey Oswald stunning slapping MC's with summons for pumping - that watered down substance Beef there's slugs finger creeping making moves like Crying Freeman Prince of thieves, earth's third seed Heavyweight like golden fleeces homicides stroll the street In Blue Caprices, look at the thugs holding heat In the city beef got me plotting trilogy To the smoke enemies sneak attacks I'm beyond and above that Seen that done that, respect black I catch a slug to your hardhat lounging in the everglades, surfing the airwave Catch a buck fifty where the razorblades swiftly Shaolin cats be shiesty, strictly drunk off the Irish whiskey [Verse Three: Method Man] Rest your headpiece on this one son cough up a lung Sleeping on my murderous type ones I get you done I'm looking at these cuthroat kids and how they live It's like we was partners in spades and you renege Can't fuck with no nigga like that he get me jack Or sent back, meaning whole life fade to black I'm looking in the half of right and roll tight fool me once but can't fool me twice, I'm 25 To life on this mic device I'm nothing nice a mixture of long wild rice and no spice Inflicted, rap addicted, track I stick it, flip it daddy long dick-ed, slide A little bit beyond twisted, mind in stitches You thought weak but meant wicked Niggas choke off my second hand smoke lifted everyday is like my birthday I'm mad gifted, dead calm Hit me with the eighteen bronze, buddah palm About to blow like Napalm, before your arm Prepare for the warfare, or buy a share Oh what the fuck we dealing with, yeah Johnny about to go there need another year Bust a shot for my sons that didn't make it here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Method Man, Raekwon Album: The Big Doe Rehab Song: Yolanda's House Typed by: a2z4lyfe@aol.com   [Ghostface Killah] Ay yo I'm skinned up, Nike's is scuffed Still buggin' earlier around four how I escaped the bust The way I fell cracked the face of my watch My mans chantin' me on like "Run son! Don't go up in the spot" Jettin' through bushes and backyards, neighbors is rattin' me out Dogs is barkin' all you hear is the car's sirens I'm tryin' to think and toss the iron Bomb in my sweats got me runnin' funny, you think I'm lyin' May God strike me if he don't like me, I'm tired and I'm out of breath The weed got me paranoid, my heart's poundin' through my chest Tryin' to focus up and make progress That's what I get for slingin' in them projects Next thing you know I'm in this bitch's crib chillin' Told her my story and like this I had her legs in the ceiling Cookin' me fried fish sticks, hot side of them biscuits While she doin' this, the bitch still slidin' on lipstick Now I got the fat stomach on, she crackin' a dutch I'm playin' with her pussy on the couch, I'm ready to fuck Like come here miss lady wop, where you put the condom box? She finished off the last one, oh shit I hear the cops Handcuffs and talkies, I mashed her white Yorkie Jettin' up the stairs, them pigs want revenge like Porky's So I slid, hid behind the wall, opened the door Like ooo I seen my man Meth goin' in raw So he jumped up balls out, I hid in the closet I'm dyin' laughin', he said "Yo Starks be quiet!"   [Method Man] Now let me put my drawers on, nigga what kinda dope you on? Should've knocked before you came in the spot, Ghost you wrong Bustin' in here on the government shit Got this chick screamin' grabbin the sheets tryin' to cover her tits She's asthmatic and you laughin' son I bump my toe on the nightstand just runnin' tryin' to grab the gun Shit's real man, you spazzin' dun There comes a time in a man's life, he gotta toss his pack and run You know we family like Crack and Pun But Mr. GFK, state your business after that be one Now can it be that you hot lord? You did some shit on the block that the cops tryin to lock you for? Can't believe you blowin' the spot lord My chick is buggin', she trippin' My dick keep slippin' out my boxer drawers Now I'm caught up in the drug sting Niggas is callin' my horn, police is hittin' every corner we on Can't understand it, it's a thug thing And in the moment of thought, I'm interrupted by Shallah Raekwon   [Raekwon] I need my money Meth, gonna by them hundred birds Tell Tone get at me, all them little clients want work He know we fresh out, tell the kid meet me, matter of fact beep me Word to mother lord, son he got me hurt You still fuckin' shorty? I knew it The big mouth broad that be yolkin' my balls out Her little brother wanted two bricks You know the nigga licks, a Maybach on twenty-six All he do is get money, hustle, he's a dick He told me foul shit, wild shit That nigga wear a lot of loud shit, no that Steve Rifkind style shit Hit me with some other talk, him in New York They robbed the Venezuelan niggas, stabbed his son with a fork That was Jesus' rooster's little niece, little nooses Father's homeboy, that's the kid who gave us a boost He gave them things on the arm, said for us to be calm And if some beef pop off, go ahead and ring the alarm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Icewater f/ Method Man Album: Polluted Water Song: Love Don't Cost (A Thing) Typed by: Cno Evil [Stumik] Mami in a damn Range, do your damn thing And don't be mad at me, because your man's lame My boys call me Stumik, cuz it's my damn name Now let's get it poppin', just like champagne And it's a damn shame, cuz you deserve better I'm a baller, I can show you how to burn cheddar Or we can walk, hand to hand, with shoulders Cuz my flow'll get you open like a can of soda If we was snakes, I'm the man with the cobra So why don't you get rid of that lizard, and come lamp with a soldier Cuz I'm your first pick, and your dude is worthless And if you don't understand, then boo, it's like this, listen [Chorus: P.C.] If love don't cost a thing, why is she chasing my paper, chasing my paper I got a feeling in my heart that tells me something ain't right, something ain't right Baby you could do what you do, you ain't got to do me no favors, do me no favors I could of been the one that made that change in your life, change in your life [P.C.] It seem like yo, everytime I turn around, you got your hand out The only word I hear is 'money' out your damn mouth It's all love, then why it seem like When you see money, I got this green light But when the bread's gone, Paulie's in a red zone Got to get my badge patched up and go the hell home You need a manicure, you need a pedicure You need to chop and cop something out of every store And when you out of cash, you want to spend mine But I ain't strippin', bitch, I'm dippin' on you this time I'm a breeze, don't holla, chill Because I'll rather be single like a dollar bill [Method Man] Look, I'm razor sharp, ain't no cut in my throat If you smell me, you see I'm dope, ain't no cuttin' my coke I'm still, rough with the quotes, still, puffin' my smoke While these critics still on they knees and still suckin' off GOAT's My shit's grimey, not accustomed to soap, might even seel a customer soul Or throw these shells thump in his coat Spend my budget up, like 'fuck it, I'm broke' You like them dudes on VH1, you lose trying fuck with New York Look, this what the game bout, I'm from where niggas Don't come around with the chains, I hangs out With them ghetto women that bang out, do hair sell Dope and babysit out the same house, you caved out I do my thang, it's Wu-Tang, still in the game My niggas still in the bathroom, stealing your chains Look, it's M-E-F and Ice H20 Combination to the safe, it ain't safe no more, bitch [D.C.] Yo, they say 'love don't cost a thing' like J. Lo But that change when they asking for things and I say no I make dough, so you know I play with my bread I trick chicks to lick dick, for trying to braid my head I ain't rich but I'm making my spreads, so bitch dig this Consider it a privalege to lay in my bed I'm a don, I don't pay 'em for head I don't even pay attention they mention I can pay for the rent All they get is violated instead, I be making them beg Get on your knees, say please, before I say to this dead I'm a G, I see cake on the reg And they don't ever a see a slice, just a pipe that I'm laying instead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: La the Darkman f/ Carlton Fisk, June Luva, Method Man, Streetlife Album: Return of the Darkman Song: Safe Box Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Yeah... (oh my god-god *repeated throughout*) Staten Island niggas, forgotten borough, the most thorough Oh shit, haha, the tri-boro, hahahaha Fuckas... yeah... come again, what? It's M-E-F, bitches, say it with the Meth, niggas [Method Man] When I'm on the come up, ain't no telling who gon' get done up On the highway to heaven, with they thumb up I'm far from a dumb fuck, I'm a mack Just like them dumptrunks, I hold alotta weight on my back See I'm, already pumped up, I'm ready to shine It's Mr., cover of Blender, who ready to grind? And I still got it, I repeat, I still got it And any artist that trash talk, is still garbage How critics gon' think I lost my skill When in fact, ya'll all been programmed and lost your feel Please believe, I'm still grimey, try me And I remind ya'll muthafuckas why Def Jam signed me M-E to the Tizzy, H-O to the Dizzy To see me, it's something like pimpin', it ain't easy It's something like pimpin', it ain't easy To see me, it's something like pimpin', it ain't easy [La the Darkman] Yo, I stash money like a crooked banker, casablanca Ninety-six, crack cranker, back shot, ass spanker Get head, then I thank her, for blessin' the God Pull a blunt hard, for my jail niggas on the yard Think like Master Farrad, die hard, La's God I need currency, cash, eagles in the credit card Co-starred in cocaine, like, couldn't get my brain right Robbin' niggas smokin' and fuckin', in the same night Jumpin' on the train, like, talkin' how we did it, kid And my niggas caught a body, then me and my niggas slid Blue coats came, we hid, inside a pyramid Unseen, as a real Egyptian king Asiatic, doing mathematics, guns is my bad habit Try'nna civilize a savage, rest on, every sabit LaSon, like my coke white as a unicorn Word is bond, everyday got a new uniform I want it all, never fall, fuck that, forever war I need a mansion and my closet gotta look like a mall It's Darkman [Chorus 2X: Method Man (Streetlife)] It's a new day, new way, new rules, new school New pay, new cake, new crew, new fools Fuckin' with my safe box (all you niggas get shot) Fuckin' with my safe box (all you niggas get shot) [Streetlife] I got the drop on you, don't flinch Pop niggas like John Lynch, leave niggas in they own stench I'm a light drinker, heavy smoker Known for duckin' show promoters Pass the money, over, my whole crew is ex-cons Be alarmed, when you hear the *err-urrrrr* It's on, Silverback niggas under the stairs When we link up, we travel in pairs Ya'll niggas best to beware, of the most thoroughest Cover all aspects, four corners, you can't creep up on us I'm takin' one for the team, deal me in And when the smoke clear, do it again This ain't a side show, you could die slow There's no I in team, we all ride... yo! The master of the ceremony, this is my testament Homicide Housing, that's what I represent [Carlton Fisk] Don't get it fucked up, drapped, that'll extra grind When I pop up with silencers, you next in line Swift with a nine, in conflict, prefer four-five And we Loose Linx, can't control these Animalz of mine, now Staten Island's back on the map, while the P.L.O. fugitive's back Using the fact, drama in these streets you gon' see it and get used to the clap Blockbuster movie picture, doggy, preview that Carlton Fisk flow in a Lex, gorilla Homicide Housing Came to collect, know the sounds, just a pain in the neck [June Luva] Listen young'n, I'm an O.G., see I done mastered the flow With creeping up slow, so chill 'fore I blow three At your windshield, come on, dog, you know me I raised you from a young pup, I taught you how to show teeth And growl on a nigga, style on a nigga One minute you so cool, then foul to a nigga Ya'll suckas is pre-schoolers, a child to a nigga I'm the resurrection of rap, now bow to a nigga A little old me from Staten Island's gonna get cha And I pack a big gun, and it weighs a grip of ton So front like you the M.C., ain't no defeating me I set up shop on your block and plots off strategically Maybe it's the weed in me, nah a bottle of Henny Quick to run up on your ass and follow with semi', muthafucka [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: La the Darkman f/ House Gang, June Luva, Method Man Album: Return of the Darkman Song: Tell Lies Vision Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: D.C.] Homicide Housing... the Animalz here [D.C.] Yo, I'm staying seldom when I sleep, I don't believe in dreams I'm dead off in New York, so I believe in beams And since the self reservation first, I'mma be blazing first If not, what the fuck I'm suppose to leave my seed Heavy coke across the ferry boat, to feed my fiends Steady to off and quote a note, so I could lead my team Park militant, deputy colonel, Park killing it Civilians be stuck on my Island, we call 'em Gilligan To got, pop Don for sure, Sean John valor Regular-regular, glock palm armed for war Slama drama, keep the llama in the line of my croth The bottom line is that I'm a problem of course It's all problems, I'mma probably cost The way my gun, battle your fort, standing ovations Plus I clap at your mans in rotation, demanding donations Then go to hand-to-hand on occassion I ain't going, nowhere, it's like I'm stamped to the pavement For my House Gang grant a vacation [Carlton Fisk] My Loose Linx is off the chain, all my dogs bite Rabies rip off they fangs, that's what New York like Riders exposure, we live composers It's Loose Linx, Staten Island, livest soldiers Niggas in here, high and sober, looking at me wilding Pushing through the crowds, you know I'm out to get over It's a Loose Linx invasion, your man Carlton Fisk paper chasing Reeping for gangsters in Green Haven Who seen paper, networked for something major Fuck behind the wall, being used for slave labor It's Homicide Housing, I'm your next door neighbor Now feel me and my prisoner's song, a deadly melody [La the Darkman] Yo, my style's vulgar, push the new steel blue rover Sting like king cobra, slap box your Hova Timbo's I drag 'em, dime birds I bag 'em Allen Key face on an automatic magnum For real thugs, keep a gun, mask and glove It's the Darkman, I come to make you taste your blood Take a breather, unlace my Jordans, fuck a diva Inhale like a Sing-Sing prisoner, puffin' cheeba My team catch bricks, like passes to wide receivers I used to have a name plate belt, with a Caesar Now I got a mack, with braids, and a Visa Writing rhymes, drinkin' Valentine, on my leisure Your wifey, I please her, adultery style Fuck her raw, while smoke come from poultry pounds, it's Darkman [Chorus: Carlton Fisk (Method Man)] Parental, discreation, advised (vised) We interrupt your regular scheduled program for something live (live) (Ya'll better realize, ya'll better realize Television telling lies to your vision, yo) [Method Man] Yo, ask BET how I'm living, I'm penny pinching Fuck focus, I'm perfect twenty-twenty vision From the first to the ninth inning, you gotta love the way I'm winning Like NBA players love white women Face facts, in rap, ain't nobody iller, face facts Yup, your boy's back and I want my Killa tape back You can trust it, one fact, gorilla made raps Nothing to fuck it, with or without a RZA made track I bring the ruckus, to those, snitchers die slow Bitches, suck dick for dough, killas get low Dealers cut bricks of blow, Method kicks flows Picks my hoes, with the same hand that picks my nose Tell me, who that nigga in the airport, son? With a half of O.Z. inside his Air Force Ones, smell me What's that shit you smoking, Tical [June Luva] Yo, yo, I'm the dope man, come through ya block Swinging coke money, keep a Desert tucked in my coat, man For stick-up niggas, who be thinking I'm a joke, man Come test ya boy and get that ass smoked, man It's not a game when I told ya I cop like sixteens And I'm constantly on the run, ducking from d's Running behind, bushes and trees, I can't even sneeze And they force me to semi up the rebel with ease I found myself on my knees, praising for Allah's forgiveness Cuz deep down I know I'm on that man shit-list I move when the wind shift, catch me on your eastern perimeter Politic deals with the Senator Nine shot's enter ya, that'll be the end for ya Close ranger, I don't need no muthafuckin' infere' I'm Staten Island's emperor, I'm bout to add degrees to the temperature And if you get shot, then it was meant for ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: La the Darkman f/ Method Man, RZA Album: Return of the Darkman Song: This Thing Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Do you see these bags under my fuckin' eyes!? Geez! That's all I ever wanted was, uh huh, uh huh, yeah yeah, thing thing That's all I ever really wanted was, thing thing [Method Man] There I go, rushin' the dough, puffin' the 'dro I get low, with nothin' to show, like cuttin' the blow Y'all niggas know, the Clan in effect, the man on your left Is M-E-F, I'm cashin' a check to snappin' a neck My M.O., is stabbin' the third, Staten, you heard! With P.O., pluckin' your nerves, who fuckin' you bird? When you ain't, stickin' the stink, I'm thinkin' I'll thank my critics Booger they drinks and sugar they tanks, who is it? Back in this bent, with rappin' and shit, it's Bobby Attached to his hip, like ratchet to clip, it's Johnny From tappin' my herb, to tappin' your chin, for dough Don't shorten my word, or shorten them ends, for sure (yo, yo) [RZA] I blitz the mic once I hear hype, the left tackler Tackle a track like a hundred Lewis linebackers Ninja rapper, lyric Eagle Claw Grappler Blow the fuse off a thousand watt black after Amplifier, cramp the liar, stamp the champ Revamp the camp, blow your lamp fire Fifty shots in the sky, for the Dig-I T-A-L, you swine inside the pigsty Spend the will of Dhama, face your Karma In pursuit like the F1 bomber, huntin' down Osama From my hood I know A Few Good Men of Honor Hearts cold, stack gold like Old Man Palmer Port land, I Trailblaze to Portland Oregon, to watch Rasheed Wallace score again To get cocky off a glass of hassake And rice and seaweed, bein' soaked in wasabi Nostril flared up, eyes tearin', and I'm nearin' The point of no return, bitch, I'll have your blood smearin' [La the Darkman] Yo, jumpin' out the Benz wagon, red Polo sweat saggin' White tee, bandana, tan suade, Timbs draggin' Fingers numb, from the thousand grams I finished baggin' Coke on my hands, still smokin' dutches like a dragon It's a M-E-T, H-O-D and, the L-A D-A-R-K Man I'm the Duke, please bless me like Mike Krzyzewski Two weak ass rappers beefin', don't impress me My style's poise, W.E.B. Dubois Spit stellar minature, that the world enjoys To my Clan, I'm commited, Red Sea, ok, kid it When I lead this toilet of a Earth, know I shitted The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Masta Killa f/ Method Man, RZA, U-God Album: Made in Brooklyn Song: Iron God Chamber Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: U-God] Yo... yo... yo... yo, yo [U-God] Time to knock 'em out, cut 'em with the glass hand Time to shut 'em down, I'm coming out the badland Oscar the Grouch, kid, jumping out the trashcan The last man that violated, got chopped with the sword Send him a one way express ticket to see the Lord You think we falling off, the beef's internal All that bullshit we going through, it don't concern you I'll thermonuclear burn you, you'se a human sacrifice Cuz I be smashing mics with the Passion of Christ Stay fully loaded, equipped with action devices Kid, stashing these stripes, join the force Honey, take ya flick, lift and point to the boss, soon As you blink, your coins is tossed It only takes four bars to get my point accross And I'm coldest with the frost, on top of the mountain Elijah, was the prophet, along came Malcolm And I'm scalping niggaz, taking devil's heads Money generated niggaz, taking heavy bread [RZA] I was born in a barrel of razor blades Right next door to haze, I used to be afraid Of the devil, as a boy, but now as a grown man I have realized, he is just a toy A graphic image, I'm that magnificent splendid Dominant, prominate, Islamic I was here before the dinosaurs, shine & defining law Measure every inch of the Earth, combining more Elements and chemicals, find space in minerals Trap devils on the run, like Monk-Monk the General Appear in a gang attire, slept in a ring of fire I, got a bigger beat than Billy Squire Dirty Dick Dastard' dart, straight out the dungeon Transform on niggaz like the rail whip from London Paul Bunyan ax tracks, get peeled, caps back Hard to get out, nigga, head like naps Parental advisory, no M.C. is wisin' me Me and the mic, like, ebony and ivory We go together, like, cheese and cheddar, like Jeans and sweater, like, Mo' and better, like Who could take a sun ray, twist it to a rainbow Darts sit upon your head like the Kangol V is for Victory, I mastered your trickery Try'nna clock like dickory, get smoked like hickory So please stop the bickery, you can't get rid of me Wu Killa Bee, from now to infinity [Method Man] Look at this bitch ass, snitch ass, about to get a kicked ass Get mad, get smashed, and get another zip bag of 'dro For these hoe niggaz, slow niggaz, told niggaz Fucking with the cold miner's daughter, she a gold digger Killa, I'm back iller, been realer, chinchilla Coat, ex-crack dealer, cap peeler, dope Uncut coke, cut throat, niggaz had enough dough What up, though? My nigga, I don't trust no bitches That's real shit, feel this, vanilla Dutch, and steel lick Forensics is still try'nna figure how I killed it Wu-Tang, my crew bang, let our nuts hang Like that piece on a new chain, mami, pop the poontang Your party, find me where the stars be, or probably Walk into the corner store on Targhee Smokin' Bob Marley's, I'm hardly, a nigga to be fucked with And you try'nna 'ketchup', but you barely cut the mustard, aight then [Masta Killa] Just another spine chiller, U-G, RZA M-A-S-T, A-K-Illa, M-E-T-H, O-D gorilla, straight from the Killa Brownsvillah, do or die Bedstuy Murderer, East terrorist, we clap gun thunderist Land of the Iron Gods, swords can't live Medina stay warrior, how can I escape the block From being boxed off, lost in the shuffle of life Living right cost, legendary crime boss Fresh kicks drip in the street, beautiful unique Freestyle, be so wild, fresh out the Penal Track it on the Pro Tools, foul, smooth as blue nile Wave spin, water blend, dart flow, sun glow Kool Moe Dee roll, gang up on a power show Snoop never love a hoe, bang it on in your vehicle slow You don't know how the God be flipping the style And keep it so, Witty Unpredictable Truth or Natural, the Gods is actual It's a fact, I was destined, to grab the mic and bless them The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Masta Killa f/ Killah Priest, Method Man Album: No Said Date Song: Secret Rivals Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Killah Priest (Method Man)] Uh... musical clever You know what time it is (Ooh-ahh, Meth Tical) Yeah... what... (Hey, did you turn my mic down Oh.. my headphone fell off.. damn..) [Killah Priest] Death come to those who oppose Knockin' at the door, holding a rose In plain clothes, when the face ice cold Lock your windows, still I come in when the wind blows Come in slow, suddenly your eyes close Then your body set through your soul, it rose Turn into a black crow and fly into the internal night That's when I also take flight I turn into a great falcon With mighty wings, when they flap, they move mountains I leap on your back, like a wild fucking monkey Eyes are blood shot read, with a growling tummy Beat your fucking back out, like a gorilla When I was tore, I figure my, out the house of mirrors I show up to a recording session, with no facial expression I'm just there like I crept in Escape through the east gate, return through the west ends When the son said, I'm like the westerns beneath the moon light And the crescent, Priest, I have a stance, that's strong When I perform, I transform, into a sandstorm Leaving one third of the land torn I'm like mice, I react strange 'm like a terratrane, I react crazy when the weather change Then the father of a hurricane, handcuff pain I whip tornados with iron chains I make volcanos scream out my name Niggaz kill me, try'nna escape my wrath Through death, don't you know, I'm crazy muthafucka, I hold my breath.. [Interlude: Method Man] Flicks... sluggy... one time For your muthafuckin' mind Wu-Tang Forever, this is just the next chamber, baby (Fish filet, fish filet) Ah, ah-ah-ah [Method Man] We walking dogs, foot soldiers, fuck you all Guns and roses, play the wall The final curtain calls every day, all day We hurtin' ya'll, project hallways is triflin' Public Enemy, number one, still fightin' The power, like Tyson When nothing else work, start biting Swallow up that weak shit, they writing Spit it out, frustrated with the line Hard for me to get it out Intellectual, architect, bomb threat to a vegetable Mr. Meth, you can get the left and right testicle Step to the rear, Wu-Tang on arrival Raised in the ghetto, singin' songs for survival Nothing else matter, suspect chin niggaz shatter Clap a mad rapper, red dot beemin' on the blood, splatter University, anniversary of terror It's now, or it's never Ain't no in betweens in the cold war Can't hold it down, got a thousand that can hold yours Starvin', pardon me, God, I get a charge Like a human lighting rod, strike back with no regard For the innocent, harder than the bricks in my tenements Wu-Tang, forever and a day, webe killin' it [Masta Killa] So patient, they sat there in the aisles and waited For the testimony, hungry, for a statement from the one and only Thristy for the ceremony at and, true Wu die hard fans Now look how we rock, make a freestyle drop, old school like the wop My grandaddy used to do this dance called the slop I keep it hip hop for ya'll, we don't stop Got ladies by the flock, no safety on the glock Stop, look and listen when the semi auto's pop, your neck Mock with the rope, who can match palm I'm strong as a nuclear bomb, dangerous armed Have you not prepared yourself, you've been warned Gun shot to the informer, Killa Bee Swarm Caught 'em on the corner of Lavonia Reported missing, found him in the fetal position Shot twice, armed with the rocket Blind for the target, dipped on arrival Suspenseful, kill or be killed, pass the rifle The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Ghostface Killah, Method Man, Raekwon, U-God Album: Return of the Wu & Friends Song: Clap 2010 Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] We gon', we gon', we gon', we gon' We gon' what? Collect collect, nigga, and network That's the part of the game, that's the part of the game, that niggas never understood About what the fuck we stand for, you know what I mean? I got your babies, nigga, I got I got I got everything, nigga You know what time it is, nigga, teach the deadly darts, you hear me, you hear me? [Raekwon] Aiyo, call it the Hollow Bone syndrome line Select sweet nine, face this, watch his whole face lift Bracelets, murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was drapped Caked out, half a million dollars in coats Flows is genetic, the Corleone connection in all Selection, stock brokers with coats on Make coke suggestion, all twin glizzies Fireman, gucci boots on, sideways action, murder niggas fear me yo Cash that he did Clinton, rentin his mother crib out We send organize the Bill of Rights get lid Drugs that Hendrix was on, convesatin like the Dutch Richie Conaway, Goodfellas who honor Rae Flows that blow thru your roll and Holand Everybody now, trip up niggas, in clicks we posin rhyme black Half the year, half my niggas sittin upstairs Takin pictures of ya niggas wack gear Nikes that leap up in trees, big guns and big V's In front of your mother building, all knees, yo Spread mercy on 'em, get to moving like, big Percy on 'em Coming (thunder, get around that) [Ghostface Killah] Porcealin floors with a dog named Ginger Bottle cap niggas that rhyme, we the winners Then slide thru your hood in hoods Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods Holdin up gorilla, two niggas got a hold that shit One shot and ya mans on it The little kids watch from down the block Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it Fuck bitches raw, why? cuz I'm a pro at it Big birds danglin, cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and 2000 Mark Damian [Method Man] I drink till I'm drunk, smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers Pissin down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls It be us, fuck ya law, niggas my cause is "because" No yin to my yang, it's a black thing Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest? Ya down with the syndrome: retarted I think it was them swordsmen, place them chess pieces on the boards and Take it to square, this ain't no Yacub affair Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner daughter That y'all, but not us [Chorus: Ghostface Killah (U-God)] (Big shit, thunder) Get around that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Method Man, Panama P.I. Album: The Problem Song: John 3:16 Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Boy, you ain't shit Muthafuckin' right, this my intro, my nigga Allah Math, that was a good one One love to the God Inf In my heart baby, one, one Stapleton, the Wild West, Park Hill (we gon' freak this shit like this) Port Richmond, Now Born, Jungle Nilz [Chorus: Method Man] I'm screamin' long live The W I see you fools through the same as my brothers do Now can somebody tell me who let them dogs out And watch these villains tear the roof off they dog house [Method Man] Who got that champagne, got that remy, got it good and plenty Who only got a few friends, and they not friendly And to scrubs, I might just blackout and blow your lightbulb We turn night clubs to Fight Club, that's what happens when you invite thugs The bouge function with haters and busters And big head Hollywood hoes, let's get the fuckers Guess who, you like Meth who, now let me show you what the tech do Spit when he talk, and word wet you It's the return of the su-super sperm Mackin', lovin' my perm, have ya, fling out that burn, bitch If you don't know me, then you better know my flow Meth Jigga what, Jigga who, jiggalo [Hook: Method Man] I don't usually do this, but keep the party going (uh-huh) I don't usually do this, but keep the party going (nigga) I don't usually do this, but keep the party going Yo yo'ing, yo, yo, yo, yo'ing [Method Man] As if the fortune or fame, that make y'all change Got Milton Bradley hatin' the game, playas hatin' the same Y'all know his name, no need to mention or to explain What I've been through, how I get down, or why I came Let's talk about this flame in my mouth, I can't contain Some weed pocket change and some brain I can't complain Now, I heard y'all ladies got them thang thangs, do you really Park Hillbillies, come from down south, slap ya silly So what the dealy, with them Dutch Masters, really yo Backwoods, and niggaz that make herb with illio I swear these niggaz don't know they ass from they elbow Don't know that I'mma strike, short of a shelltoe Niggaz around here, stick ya like velcro Case closed, baby it ain't safe no more Come on [Hook] [Interlude: Panama P.I.] If you can drink or smoke it Whatever gets you by, everybody in here, high You can drink it or smoke it Whatever gets you by, everybody in here, high We gon' keep the party going, Mathematics, Method Man Panama P.I., yea, John 3:16 [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ GZA, Method Man Album: The Problem Song: Rush Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Method Man] Oh, oh, oh, come on, come on, come on Mutha what? Muthafucka That's right, all day, all night Come on, get down, yes y'all and To the right beat and you can even dance Or, just have a seating, seating Yo, yo, yo [Method Man] What it was, what it is, it's like I got a pistol To my head, can I live? You never should of left Tical for dead Never that, be careful what you wish for Today's your day to get yours Blowin' up the spot from the sixth floor, bent off Come and get your on smoke on, fish funk to choke on Go 'head, blaze a pound of that bullshit we both on Take it the 'source', 'hip hop quotable', of course I'm pullin' out my 'roots', to breathe in my 'black thought' Let's be honest, I break a spirit, if she break a promise They act just like they momma's, now what that got to do With the price of rice in China Or why these gold miners raise the price on they vagina Now frankly, I'm official, New York Yankee You can blame the radio stations that's trynna yank me And jerk the Jabber Jaw shark bitten flow Go 'head, test the water, my friend, stick in your toe [Chorus: Method Man] Rush, the colisseum, rush, the dance floor Rush, the limosine, rush, don't let go And jerk the Jabber Jaw shark bitten flow Go 'head, test the water, my friend, stick in your toe Whoa-ho-ho, let me like, solo with the flow Whoa-ho-ho, promoter better pay me at the door Whoa-ho-ho, what the fuck y'all think I'm flowin' for If I move to quick, oh, you just don't know [GZA] The sound echoed through the neighborhood and vibrate Circulate eruptions throughout the tri-state The wise they attract to it, cuz it's magnetic Those slow kids, stuck on the block, they don't get it But, they don't wanna set it, track on immedietly Quick fast, clock tick to the blast machine The bugged out, they scatter when the lights on We raid those local spots, til we turn the mics on Rollin' with the talent, the beats, and rap verse The crowd get excited, with the heat and clap first Must of had a hot hand to go in his waist band Set he had to lick a shot for a top notch Clan Multiple swordsmen, blade sharp Rip through your heart, M.C.'s, want no part For any type of conflict, or nonsense, then we respond quick It get thick, The Problem, goes beyond sick [Method Man] Let the record show, never test my flow Never tested positive for blow Got my whole life ahead of me, no time to be sniffin' Soon as muthafuckas get dough, they act different But not Nixon, let the pot call the kettle black, but not in my kitchen And y'all fixin', to be on milk cartoons missing In the Double XL, Supreme Clientele Since then I have no birthday, my sign's not for sale If I had a dollar, for every time M.C.'s tried to holla Brag about dough, and pop they collar I'd probably be a zillionaire, like, 'fuck rapping and rappers' Cut the drama, we don't like the way y'all actin' Eat, drink and smoke Mary, Mr. Meth's rated X By any means necessary (come on) It ain't easy being greasy, in the main event now Catch me on your Pay-Per-View TV The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Cappadonna, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, U-God Album: The Problem Song: The Spotlight Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Come on! Yeah... yeah.. Yo, yo. [Chorus 2X: Cappadonna] Wu-Tang, we always in the Spot Lite Get paper, every night is hot night We stay tight, we just livin' our life We just livin' our life [Method Man] I drink till I'm drunk, smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers Pissin' down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls It be us, fuck ya law, nigga, my cause is "because" No yin to my yang, it's a black thing Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest? Get down with the syndrome: retarded I think it was them swordsmen, place ya chess pieces on the boards and Take it to square, this ain't no Yacub affair Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner's daughter That y'all, but not us Fly back, flag a cab and say "check ya" Next time you see me, say peace and I'll respect ya, Tical [Chorus 2X] [U-God] Yo, lights, cameras, don't forget the action The needle skip, but the turntable scratchin' Chain blow, bangles, heavy on the cashin' Same old, Range rove', rainbow Manhattan Craftmen, captive, still I'm avalanchin' Holy war, handsome, break 'em off harassin' Latest fashion, passion, bullets reign gashin' Flippin' through frenzy, the same Wu-Tang The Hollywood frame, purple haze stain Rules of dame, fools, choose to bang Nigga, you lose, Wu, bruise the game A few men came, that really held weight Drop, Chinese bars, stars in fifty-two states Like, bats out of hell, we crash the gates Without a base, left the gun powder case Ladies chase, the hip-hop Babyface [Chorus 2X] [Interlude: Inspectah Deck] Word up, throw your hands in the air, like you just don't care Wu-Tang in your atmosphere, everybody say "Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah" [Inspectah Deck] Mic Capone, it's best to avoid my strike zone I zone and swing a sword that'll slice stone Nice clone, but you could never match the born master Who tore back half the world, and still saught after by Dick ridin' niggaz, and chicks who do ditto Singin' like the Four Tops, providin' info See me low, through the Jeep window, the chrome spins slow Gene-ral on the J.O., survival M.O For now get wild, similar to Ol' Dirty A third time felon just hit with over thirty Note worthy style, have them so thirsty First degree heat, you quittin' on me Cold turkey, no mercy [Chorus 2X] [Cappadonna] Wu-Tang, put you in the Cobra Clutch, til you give up Ya'll can live up to, Witty Unpredictable Street mentality, return of the cavalry 36 Chambers, we off key block Black on the block, tell ya D.J.'s to quit M.C.'s, to stop that bullshit Me, Ghost and Rae, we known to pull shit Step with the brick, on some Ice Water shit Wallo's in all colors (now) let's get chips, like Robbin' the bank, pull up with the new whips Don't get mad, respect rank No matter how you gettin' dough, give thanks Everybody hold up your shanks [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Cappadonna, Method Man, Raekwon Album: Love, Hell or Right (Da Come Up) Song: Respect Mine Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Raekwon] Fuck ya'll niggaz is talkin' bout? (clack clack-cla-clack clack) Crunchy chump motherfuckas, ya'll niggaz is all pussy That's my word, ya'll know how the realest niggaz is Don't let me tell ya'll again, bitch, straight up I put all this right there, on niggaz in H.T.M.'s son Aiyo, aiyo, aiyo [Chorus: Raekwon] All magazines lit, fly life we live The lingo is to let, ya'll niggaz know, how niggaz rep I'm set, lightin' the purple in a new jet Triflin' work, let's murder everything that move on the set [Method Man] Goin' back to basics, shit you catch case with Style laced with, arsonic, before you taste it Rap matrix, gemini's is two faced it, I heard Rob Based it "Bad boys" retire out the game just like Mase did Dish it out and take it To where I'm bout to go and everybody ain't gon' make it [Raekwon] Blow shipments out the rap shit, clap shit Most of us attack shit, mean Benz, ballin' wit the bad chick Take over, quick fast, violate, slap shit And every borough, state, town, prison, map shit Makeover hoes that blow, they attract dick Shine on my jims, glow, on the low, slap dick To every mean queen clean, keep it black chick My motto, CREAM, green bottle of the phat shit [Chorus 2X] [Interlude: Allah Mathematics scratched samples up (Cappadonna)] "Brothers respect mine!" - Raekwon (Uh, uh, what, for real nigga, step the fuck off?) [Cappadonna] Aiyo, Ice Cream, real niggaz in whips Fur coats, Gucci boots and shit, fly honey dip Streets and clips is what we live for, rub on the floor Ox in the jaw, rockin' the four, rugged and raw Righteous and more, we the gliders, the outsiders Killa Bee hivers, the big boy drivers The conivers, the four fivers, survivors We the livest and carry the heaters, coke is in the meters Six to eight seaters, circle the mind readers Pumas, Nikes, and Adidas, hip hop achievers Love hood rats and love divas, love money, love sex Love vets, love weed and love wrecks [Method Man] All in together now, follow me the Method Raw individual, the enemy you slept with No love here, no tender, love and care But M.C.'s, I'm starvin', niggaz best before For consumption, for wack assumption You can catch a bad one or somethin' From shotgun, you know I'm pza-pza-pumpin' Jumpin', thumpin', get crunk and Drunk inside the function +Uncontrolled+ with the +Substance+ +Beneath the Surface+ there's +Redemption+ For Bobby Digital +Supreme Clientele+ convention, +Nigga Please+ +Immobilarity+ they can't breath til they +Blackout!+ I used to write and smoke L's in the crackhouse Pull your wig like a potato then I mash out Check your ego at the door Better wipe your feet before you step me, or it's yourz! [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Angela Neal, Wu-Tang Clan Album: Love, Hell or Right (Da Come Up) Song: Thank U (Da DJ's Version) * Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com * this is actually a remix of "HandClap" which is a bonus track on "The W" [Intro: Raekwon (Angela Neal)] We gon' what? *beat kicks in* Cl-ap, cl-ap nigga And snap uh, that's a part of the game That's the part of the game nigga that you never understood And a problem to fuckin' stand you You know who's around this nigga Best to respect, I see who you are [Hook: Angela Neal] I wanna thank, I wanna thank you Mr. DJ, Mr. DJ Raekwon and Ghostface, U-God and Method Man On a Mathematics beat, Mathematics drop the beat [Ghostface Killah w/ Angela Neal ad-libs] Porceline floors with a dog named Ginger Bottle cap niggaz that rhyme, we the winners Then slide thru your hood in hoods Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods Holdin up gorilla, two niggaz got a hold that shit One shot and ya mans on it The little kids watch 'em down the block Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it Fuck bitches raw, why? cuz I'm a pro at it Big birds danglin, cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and 2000 Mark Damian [Chorus: Ghostface Killah (U-God) w/ Angela Neal ad-libs] Listen to the (clap) Real niggaz (clap) Rich niggaz (clap) My bitches (clap) If you love pussy then y'all niggaz (clap) If you love to get ate, then y'all ladies (clap) If you real fucked up, then ya'll niggaz (clap) If you bare witness to Allah y'all (clap) Aiyo you see me on the big screen y'all niggaz clap (Jeans with a gangster lean, y'all clap) Brim hats, sloppy automatics that clap (Big shit, thunder) Get around that [Hook: Angela Neal] I wanna thank, I wanna Thank U, Mr. DJ, Mr. DJ Wu-Tang and Ghostface, Wu-Tang and Method Man On a Mathematics beat My hands are clappin my body's movin My body's movin from side to side The beat is so funky, funky Wu-Tang and Tony Starks, Johnny Blaze Mathematics on it, so rock it all night long [Method Man w/ Angela Neal ad-libs] Clap ya hands now, people clap ya hands I drink till I'm drunk, smoke skunk with my stinkin ass, smell the funk Eekin out the pours, cum stain, shitty drawers Pissin down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin graf' on ya walls It be us, fuck ya law, niggaz my cause is "because" No yin to my yang, it's a black thing Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest? Ya down with the syndrome: retarted I think it was them swordsmen, place them chess pieces on the boards and Take it to square, this ain't no Yacub affair Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin the coal miner daughter That y'all, but not us [Hook: Angela Neal] I wanna thank, I wanna Thank U, Mr. DJ, Mr. DJ Wu-Tang and Ghostface, Wu-Tang and Method Man On a Mathematics beat My hands are clappin my body's movin My body's movin from side to side The beat is so funky, funky Wu-Tang and Tony Starks, Johnny Blaze Mathematics on it, so rock it all night long [Angela Neal (Method Man)] Rock it all night long Check out Ghostface, check out Method Man Mathematics beat, Mathematics beat Check out Angie, that's me, on the vocals All night, all night long HandClap (clap ya hands now) come on come on HandClap (clap ya hands now) come on come on (Clap, clap, clap ya hands now) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N-Tyce f/ Method Man Album: Hush Hush Tip 12" Song: Hush Hush Tip Typed by: Johnnygreeneyes3@aol.com [N-Tyce] When it comes to a secret, maybe, if you down I got a man, yet I'm known to sneak around Huh, I just can't help but mingle If a cutie steps up, a think the fuck and say I'm single I'm down wit runnin' games, I know it's a shame But when I kiss, I never give 'em my real name I'm not a hooker, but I'm the good looker Known to flirt, lookin' good in a tight skirt Now I'm back to my man, and help these begin And know how I'm sorta messin' wit his best friend We were first introduced at a party Okay, I admit that I was naughty lookin' at his body Prime example of a typical chipmunk My booties kinda thick so you know I'm pullin' niggas quick Look but don't touch, no need to rush We can get together if you kept it on the hush hush [Chorus: N-Tyce (Method Man)] I won't tell if you won't tell Nowadays you gotta keep it on the hush hush tip (I won't tell if you won't tell Nowadays you gotta keep it on the hush hush) [N-Tyce] If he doesn't know, how can it hurt? My mans should of known from the jump, that I'm a chick, no nut work Why do you think I got the name N-Tyce? Why do you think all the fellas be lookin' twice? I am what I am and that's a fly chick People compare me to Rick because I'm so "slick" Now check it out, I was coolin' wit my girlfriends Walkin' by mad guys, gettin' more whistles than a whirlwind Yeah, that's what we was hearin' Walk a little closer, baby, as we were starin' At this one and that one, I spotted this fly kid It was my mans best friend starin' weak in his eye lid Yo, I must admit that I was shocked I mean, my man's best friend sneakin' up on my jock? Could I get caught? I think my chances were slim I mean, yo, what's my man got to do with him? Heh [instrumental break] [N-Tyce] No rings on my finger, so I'm cheatin' Coolin' wit my man's best friend, now, trick A freak can do wit a thought, that ya best friend would sneak Behind ya back, every week wit ya girl in his sack I'm not dumb, I knew that was the plan of my man To test me, to see if I would kick it wit his friend But, um, I'm a tough act to follow When it comes to runnin' games, call me Chicago Matter fact, there ain't a brother that can hang Didn't, now ya know, that N-Tyce is my name You try to play me like a Genesis Now it's time for me to step off, I gotta put an end to this I can have my cake and eat it too But, you both get the boot, huh, lookin' for someone new You got played, now you want me to keep it on the hush hush? Another bites the dust [Outro: Method Man (N-Tyce)] Shh, Method dog, we out, Tical (Sneakin' behind his back, sneakin' behind his back, uh Sneakin' behind his back, sneakin' behind his back) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Method Man Album: Dirty & Stinkin' (Remix) 12" Song: Dirty & Stinkin' (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com, CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [scratched up samples] "I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The rap assasinator" - Raekwon 	"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man [Ol' Dirty Bastard] This recordin is dirty and it's stinkin Funkier than Peppi Le Pew so I was thinkin, about Droppin this single on the charts, lettin ya know Hey, the kid has heart, I never deny myself as being Dope, but in my last jam, niggaz slept on my notes You thought that I was weak? Huh? Let me speak My rhymes come funkier than ya grandfathers feet So listen mister, don't you ever forget The rhyme is dirty, you couldn't even clean it With Comet, for even Wolrex, some tried Ajax Only mix with the best, forty-eight tracks Yo, I get down with the Ason sounds Lyrics that be flowin from miles around So let the music shut ya ass up, then feel the uppercut Now I make ya fall to ya butt [Chorus: samples scratched] "Watch out for..." - Prodigy 	"The Ol' Dirty Bastard" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The O.D.B.!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "Watch out for..." - Prodigy 	"The rap assassinator" - Raekwon "Dirty Bastard" - Method Man 	"I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "Go back" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"The O.D.B." - Ol' Dirty Bastard "First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"Watch out for..." - Prodigy "The rap assassinator" - Raekwon 	"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, let me continue, verse number two Style is wild, dirty and stinkin like doo-doo If ya hangin around, ya changed ya mind It is a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme I sit down and I say to myself, "Self Yo, are you rated top the shelf?" I drop the single for you to get a dose of As I lay back like a pillow on a sofa Gettin paid? Yeah right, Willy Why askin me, G? What? What? What? What? You know me My mouth is sugar, sweet as a honey bee Taste like a forty, stinkin like Old-E But I drink Ol' English so I speak Ol' English You gotta be dirty and stinkish And if it's not, well I guess I'm not The A-S-O-N my friends, it's dirty and it's stinkin' [Method Man] I'm not a Spanish talkin' raper I'm _naughty_, but girl that ain't my _nature_ Johnny Cash all about this paper You playin' wit the big boys now, we rated r This no place for a child, 17, not allowed Without a parent and it's apparent that you belong Wit a full grown man wit a mind just as strong Huh, so here's ya chance to advance Get in ya stance and we gon' set up it off like true romance And that's my word [Chorus #2: scratched samples] "I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"Go back" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The O.D.B." - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The rap assassinator" - Raekwon 	"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man [Chorus #2 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard w/ Method Man Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - the Dirty Version Song: Dirty Dancin * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * - originally appeared on the Jerky Boys soundtrack, bonus cut on CD * - was originally listed as a Wu-Tang Clan song (Ol Dirty Bastard is doing a Martin Lawrence comedy skit from Raw) (this is going on in the background during the Intro and part  of the first verse) You know God damn well I don't smoke this shit Meth *coughing* Know damn well I don't smoke this sheyit Know damn well! I remember when we used to go down to the creek Member when we used to go down to the creek? And used to dip your head in the water? Everybody thought you had it in you, you know You used to jump out the water the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy What? I said the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard Clean out my vocals Yeah, I said YEAH I said zuckazuhzuhzuh, zuckazuhzuh *more nonsense noises* chkccha ckchcka Brooklyn, zucka Zoo C'mon baby baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, c'mon! Verse One: Superlogical this, superlogical that I detect a nigga dialect by the way he rap I elect myself President MC My career so intelligent, unique physique Then with mathematics, not democratic static, topic, Asiatic Zssshuh, them unique, never leak, brlaharl... Bring it on back Superlogical this, superlogical that I detect your dialect by the way you rappp! I elect myself President MC My career so intelligent, unique physique Doin mathematics and I'm not democratci No static, topic, I'm Asiatic See, I'm Unique, never... blarhalal... Verse Two: Method Man, Ol Dirty Bastard Crazy, lurkin in the shadows, I'm shady, sheisty Get your weight up, don't take me lightly Blasted, dirty to the grain I be stained with the madness It's the Meth-Tical with the Bastard MZA MZA my name is the Ol Dirty Bas My gammmmme, to kick your ass Dnnah duh dnnh dnnh duh duh! Dnnah dnh duh duh duh dahhhhhh! Flip and relax, take an Ex-Lax, I'm shittin on the industry that was frontin now they missin What everybody else is gettin Cuz they wasn't representin the real... ...appeal, like me and, old time When it comes to the microphone who killed the swine? Be the original G Do the rhymin on time and in the place to be Interlude: Old Dirty Bastard, Method Man You are now in my trance  You are getting sleeeeeepyyyyyy You are now getting sleeeepyyyyy  and sleeeeppieeerrrrr And sleepy, and sleepy Verse Three: Method Man This one here's for my people, my people Enter the 36 chambers, the sequel Part two, for me and the cipher troop With the Teflon lyrics that you can't get through With the twenty-two automatic rap you pack, what? You ain't hittin with that wack shit you kickin Straight from the beginning, of the game All the way to the ninth inning, I bring the pain Dark like the midnight train on the track by the RZA Diesel like Arnold Schwarzanegger Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard The hardware, choose the hardware Ask you a question, test the Ason Extra extra, read the drama and thennn another one which you intrigue, do your rap fatigue in the... ohhhh.... Here I go, aauhhh Yeahhh...  (shit that makes me high) *2 *2 - leads into Harlem World on the album version The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Macy Gray, Method Man, Raekwon Album: A Son Unique Song: Intoxicated Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Macy Gray] Intoxicated and I'm faded, by your honey Why, we finally made it, got to lovin' Money, seeds and shine They wanna hate it, try to break it But it's yours and mine Nothing can change it, finally made it, so divine [Raekwon] Yo, I sat around the illest villains Campaignin' while we all G off Automatic mayors, now we ain't playin' Wolves start scheemin', violate me in the rain Get more respect, rob Marvin Gaye on 'em Gold, black, beige on 'em, heavy gauge Gettin' blazed, all that money, but he ain't even shaved This a new flavor, bigger vets, bigger begets Bigger papes, god damn it, nigga got saved Three or more, two thousand four Blazers Lookin' good, it's all hood, just analyze amazed Peace, let's mozy and swaze', y'all Then count real bank and thank 'em, hit me on the page, what [Method Man] Yo, I was born on the same day as Dr. Seuss Plenty of friends, henny and gin, who got the juice? Let's get drunk, in this motherfucker, let's get pumped I need that funk, like I ain't took a bath in a month You can find me where the thugs be at, club be at A fact, I love women, cuz they love me back The name's Johnny, they used to call me sucker for love But now I'm grimey, cops searchin' motherfuckers for drugs Give me that buzz, that calm a nigga, dimes and doves At four twenty, when niggaz knew what time it was A shot of Remy, in my system, I'm buzzed Then baby, I ain't just a little war from unplugged Haha, you know I, crack myself up, sometimes with no excuses Like every nigga that done time, I didn't do it Meth the Magnificent, not Jeff I see the game done gone imputent, soft and suspect [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, silence on Smith with six shots, lick shots Leave ya head like a Shaolin monk with six dots Hit a gush, twistin' a sweet switcher In search for Bobby the Digital, bitch, not Bobby Fisher Head full, with a Grey Goose and Redbull I came for, a beer, weed, plus a bed full Of dimepiece, model type bitches, who mind they business Blow my dick, like birthday cake wishes My warrior's scornful, hard to respond to Dirt McGirt, be sailin' boat and in Honolulu Brooklyn Zu, wild like Chaka Zulu Brooklyn Zu, shots will go right through you Touch me in Cali, or the streets of Mauwi In the two thousand six pitch black Audi Drivin' by bitches, I'm like howdy Doody, to you some beauty bitches crowd me [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Method Man, Raekwon Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Raw Hide Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard + (some Jamaican woman) Yeah! I wanna let allllll y'all niggaz know in here tonight that this is that Wu-Tang shit This that shit that's gonna get you high... {*echoes*} See when you stimulate your own mind, for one common cause You see, who's the real motherfuckers See what you see, is you what you see (Can I say it? Wu-Tang a-run tings!) Be the original G Rhymin on timin and in the place to be  (Run blood claat tings!) they love see meeeeeeee! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You're a crossbreed, I'm a knowledge seed I want ACTION, that's what I need I never put doubt in my mind  cause I know when I touch the mic there's the rhyme see murder which is caused  when you fuck with the negative and positive charge Then they came up, out my garage  with the hit that's gonna be LARGE Tired of sittin on my fuckin ass Niggaz I know, be runnin around with mad fuckin cash Who the FUCK wanna be an emcee if you can't get paid, to be a fuckin emcee? I came out my momma pussy -- I'm on welfare Twenty-six years old -- still on welfare! so I gotta get paid fully Whether it's truthfully or untruthfully With my Boston bloodthirsty process P-E-A-C-E Chorus: Method Man Move em in move em in  Move em out move em out Stick it up {*whip sound*} raw hide! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yea, gotta come back to attack  Killin niggaz who said they got stacks, cause I don't give a fuck {*inhales*} I wanna see blood, whether it's period blood or bustin your fuckin face, some blood!! I'm goin out my FUCKIN mind!! Everytime I get around devils {*breathing hard*} Let me calm down, you niggaz better start runnin Cause I'm comin, I'm dope like fuckin heroin Wu-Tang Bloodkin, a goblin, who come tough like lambskin Imagine, gettin shot up with Ol Dirty insulin {*sucks air*} You bound to catch AIDS or somethin Not sayin I got it, but nigga if I got it you got it!! WHAT?!? {*echoes*} [Raekwon the Chef] Yo, check the bulletproof fly shit, strong like thai stick  then I'll remain to tear your frame, while I freaks it like some fly new sneaks and shit Now EAT my shit, bitch tried to creep and got hit Now regulate, and I'll be out to set up a date Wu-Tang, is bangin like a Ron G tape RZA pump the shit just like a shotty Watch me run it John Gotti Collidin on the track, like gin and watty Check the calender, I warn any challenger to step up {*whoosh*} feel the blast from the silencer Chorus [Method Man] Comin soon to a theatre near you it be the Wu Yeah find yourself in the square and see it's true Actual facts to snack on and chew My positive energy sounds peace to you A wise man killed one horse and made glue Wicked women puttin period blood in stew Don't that make the stew witches brew? I fear for the eighty-five that don't got a clue How could he know what the fuck he never knew? God-Cypher-Divine come to show and come to prove A mystery god that's the work of Yacub The Holy Ghost got you scared to death kid boo!! Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard Yeah, we always gotta keep it fly Fly for you to feel, what you wants to feel See Wu-Tang like to thank, all the people across the country All the people in America, all the people outside of America for listenin to our music We gotta keep it fly for ya See this ain't somethin new  that's just gonna come out of nowhere, no!!! This is somethin OLD, and DIRTY!! and DIRTY!! Yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Popa Wu f/ King Just, Method Man, Sic Album: Visions of the Tenth Chamber Song: Three Amigos (If It's On) Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Intro: Method Man] Say what? Ain't no pushin Say what? None of that shit goin on Yo [Method Man] Made from the best shit on Earth I bring it to ya first, sick verse from the thurst In the darkness we lurk, load a cartridge and burst On the scene, like a new team Let 'em on our witness, the Method how I do things Perfected, my routine's are hectic and knockin General Electric, I'm shockin (bzzz) Now who top ten, to rot and land once forgotten Niggas poppin Crys' now, they stock market droppin They poison, I'm the antitoxin, that keep the party rockin And got me for us all, Johnny Cochran Get me off, grant them the ball, if I walk Put that order in the court, yeah Give me crack on and who the fuck really care, yeah World best prepare for Tical, to beware Or be gone outta here, you be warned Fuck all, get off that bullshit And kick the fuckin tux off, now it's on [Chorus: all] If it's on, then it's on We can get it on, gat for gat Track for track, song for song If it's on, then it's on We can get it on So what ya want nigga, ya want nigga? huh? [King Just] You got the beat from another planet Think I don't rock like granite Lyrical giantical, submerge the Titanic Panic with the frantic, antic watch them vanish In the zone, by my own, maricon, if you Spanish The outlandish, even though they can't stand us You better off gettin pick a size, tryin to ban us Either way you put it off, I'mma be heard That's my word, Stone Cold, Goldberg Like a nerve, don't fuck what ya heard That nigga just started hangin out on the curb What's the verdict, soundin like me, you can't word it I put it in overdrive, while you short circuit Worship the ground that I walk on I brought on, all the real niggas that you talked on Blahzay Blah, so on, it's a done deal, don't even go on Soundin nauseous, to choke on strong, to get my smoke on [Sic] Talkin 'bout gats, ain't no bustin clacks, and ain't hustlin Too many cats that wanna rap, and ain't sayin nuthin Foolin ya self, how let ya ass do it to ya self When it comes to cash, we the ones doin it, who else? Walkin our dogs, ya cats better beat yours Hot heat reach y'all, before you even get a chance to recharge You weak paw, me and my street niggas a' eat y'all We all, guess they ain't no question that we sure B-song, soon as you throw the fuckin beat on Dick riders ride, followers follow our lead on (you a fly guy) I'ma have to air ya guys out My shit is plat' before it even exit my mouth S.I.N.Y. nigga, who wan' try? Treatin a batty boy head, boom bye bye I.Q. sky high, I flaunt y'all to hardcore Conquer, why you frontin dunn? You don't want war [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Method Man] Three Amigos (we can get it on) *Method Man talkin Spanish* Punk! yeah yeah yeah yeah King Just Sic Mr. Meth We gon polly to the death, yo S.I.N.Y., 10304 *echo* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Method Man Album: Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang Song: Every Soldier in the Hood Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Yo, yo, yo, yo Not moving, soon Don't stand over there Shaolin over here, chill, chill, chill, police, man [Chorus 2X: Raekwon] To every soldier in the hood, go in To every real nigga holding, keep your ones on, folding Take it from a ninja in scribes, stay alive Keep rolling, and keep your guns on swollen [Raekwon] Aiyo, joint loaded, Lotus, big chain cobras Cloth the certain way, notice My style's new now, with generals Luau, drugs, guns Chilling on the cool out, don't make me pop you, this is not cool Guaranteed to give you something that works, your dump in the dirt Shitting up blood, fingers is burnt Many cycles when you fight in my walls, it's like Michael and the Bulls See a flying piece of iron, no lying No fib and no bullshitting, the shines is forbidden We like Crouching Tiger, you just a fucking kitten Bout to get that wig re-open and then smoked in Bitches is watching, snatch you in the open, yo Twenty-four, seven, we legends, the myth, the riff, the gift Shaolin bounded with more wiff Clap 'em with them get down boys, we call them, them niggas Who want it with us, we the belt holders in the business [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] Yo, ay, the streets be calling and shit A lot of veterans be calling it quits They be calling my flow ill, but still I'm never calling in sick This is Meth Man, New York niggas calling me piff Fuck the cops that be calling me Cliff, flag me down on the Concord Police dogs all up in my whip I get cake, women all in mix, they wanna jump in the six And groupie niggas wanna jump in your flicks We live the life, Scarfaces and guns, I used to fight for crumbs Throw an ace, kick the dice and run Plead your case, you ain't nice as son, I got the drive to win So where you niggas get your license from? Bite an ear, Mike Tyson, uh, that means dough and my nose itch And coke fiends is blowing they noses My team got C.R.E.A.M. and you know this So nigga get yours, before the door to opportunity closes [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Raekwon] Ahh, man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Method Man, Raheem DeVaughn Album: Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang Song: From the Hills Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] Yeah, come on, man, awwww shit It's that fly diabolical, come on Let's go Rah, come on I got to tell 'em, man, I got to tell 'em Based on a true story, ya'll Yeah... prophets, nigga, prophet [Chorus: Raheem DeVaughn] From the Hill to the Shaolin All the rules that came, from foreign part From the Hills, of the Shaolin With an iron fist of fury and the mighty sword To fulfill the prophecy of the Wu-Tang, of the Wu-Tang [Raekwon] In the Polo store, fronting in war clothes, it been like this From right in time when I was nine years old I was a hot mess, smoking cheeba, running with stolen speakers Dropped beepers, even wore a victory vest I run with niggas, digging knots from niggas, running out the school Stunting, back of the bus, flashing the ox Rock the V-Gooses, everything we wore was name brand Sold three lucy's, just to get on call plan R.E.C. Poss' Rockers, the Blip Brothers Even the Spin Doctors, sat and smoke blunts, I been bopping All my kins blew up, we grew up with We used to do what? Running through the sewers and then shopping Pick pocket, deuce baby, take it in truce, baby You know how we do, come run in my boots, baby The niggas came through, touch the God, here Shallah Ever since went from ninjas to gem stars, sing Rah [Method Man] Reunited, another LP, we're all excited That wreckless eyeballing'll get your girl indicted My touch like Midas, I cramp your style, arthritis These niggas is food, I eat they food, nigga-ritis Your man don't snooze, insomniac This The W, the Clan don't lose, you putting hands on who? Hands down, I can handle you, you half man, half animals If you are what you eat, and eat pussy, you'se a cannibal And stopping me, is what you can not do Either get in the game, get out the way, or get ran right through I ain't different Method Man like you But you ain't like us, we play rough, my community tough And little kids in my community cuss Ya'll be showing your guns, but the ones in my community bust And when they do, you get a jewel re-up [Outro: Raekwon] All the niggas came through Yeah, from the Hills, Park Hill, Shaolin Stapleton, New Brighton, nigga West Brighton, the Port, nigga Wu-Tang, South Beach, nigga Yeah, muthafucka, yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon the Chef f/ Method Man Album: Immobilarity Song: Fuck Them  Typed by: Dragon_55@hotmail.com Method Man: Yo, yo, yo, yo Fuck you Chorus: 2x What you wanna be when you grow up You wanna be thugs You wanna be pranksters You wanna sell drugs You wanna be gangsters Thats what silly boys are made of Raekwon: Aiyyo, aiyyo Cool G's and forty seven flavors Display swade gators We comin through To blaze neighbors Meet mark and pardon me to heat mark A dutch spark it Lex Leonardo arts profit Apple cranberry mixed with crystal Fan worry Desert mountain crib in the ground We arsonists One point five a liter Take a taste Splash your heater Smack your face twice Clap your sneakers Shit is like a mission to Mars Fishin' for bars Takin' whats ours Knowledge the car Pa Dont be stupid Get a little cash Better swoop it Throw it in the ground and recoup it Next check was best Your family pack your shit Get vexed Leave a nigga standing in a bag of leaves Some niggas catch on later Try to put them on they haters I met eighty of them niggas yo Waitin' on the sidelines droolin' Some need schoolin' Let me teach yo And roll a student what Rule one Yo respect if you lose son Dont be big back about to learn to move dunn All hell to niggas in jails With sharks in they fishtanks Now he come home he a whale Wolves in the projo's, projo's yo We realer up in my shows yo Middle finger five O's Take time to climb vines yo Lay on the lines Like Laury only lovin' Rae kind Sun splash cash layin like three bags of hash Fully wrapped in a indian man's stash Method Man: Aiyyo Chorus: 2x Raekwon: Aiyyo, get up Lex should be braggin' Get it up Fuck shorty got cream in a mean truck Prop-ness she hollar like the Loch Ness He large rock this Fresh Ferrari in a drop six Fro's Yo talkin about the dough on his clothes Glaze is crushed up pokin on rolls yo Oh yeah and maybe gettin' cream See what I mean black queen Stop actin' like crack fiends an' Brawl we wanna thank all of y'all Play the wall hype Checkin how this lady walks stay hawkin' Grab the remain, divorce (Uh) Shame came to yours We like green Rock the same gameplan, ours (Yo, Yo) Method Man; Ladies and gentlemen Your about to see A pastime hobby about to be Takin' to the next degree By M-E-TH and the bloody Chef Boyardee Watch out bitches is too nosey Backhand slappin' the phoney Got to walk it off can't mosey Who got you open up Crack pipe still smokin' Face frozen Coke straw stickin' out your nose and D Proposin' that you bleed on the Chef apron My thing hold down the play-pen And say the nursery rhymes they makin Come on now Shits too real Fuck you and now your man feel Time don't stand still for y'all bitches Wanna Big Ball I got two for you to juggle in your jizzals Im losin' it now Throw in the pieces like a jig-saw Aiyyo She multi-colored like a rainbow Mr. Meth and the Cuban Link kiddo On tracks we connect, politic ditto Take that to that Chorus: 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Ghostface Killah, GZA, Inspectah Deck, Method Man Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II Song: House of Flying Daggers Typed by: Cno Evil [kung fu sample] Hehehehe, nobody is going to save you now [Chorus: GZA] Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump Troops on the left, fight to the death Fam on the right, infrared lights Wolves in the back, ready to attack, for what Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump [Inspectah Deck] I pop off like a mobster boss Angel hair with the lobster sauce, summertime can't top the scorch Check my hot broad, I dropped the Porsche FBI wanna watch the force, trying to lock my source Where I'm from, hear the macs, techs, glocks and fours Hide the safe, nigga, lock the doors No respect for the cops and laws In the land where your own blood brother still plot for yours Seen things that'll drop your jaw My soldiers got dropped in war, see the mural on the project wall? Won't stop til I copped them all Wanna block me? You gots to brawl, trade shots and all Cuz I ain't on the clock for talk The Spot Rusher, blow down the spot for sure Still break off the block with raw, my stock is more The General, watch your board [Raekwon] Deep pockets with the eight on me, sleep with the safe in the wall The cameras on with the make-up and all Swap six 45's, twist reefer in the flicks, papi whoadie ride Bolt his gun off, from know your horse, she lied Fly criteria, bury me in Africa With whips and spears, and rough diamonds out of Syria A true don, only I could do wrong Rock fitted hats, get crack money and drive a sick blue joint Retard-less, I'mma blow regardless Resume is straight up live, I shank niggas up for larger E's And speak with the youth in the spot, eat the fresh fruit in the crop All these hip hoppers eat cock You could see me in the street or the yacht I'd rather be promoting your block or buying fresh sneakers with gwops Yo, I'm an ill dude, always been a real dude Don't fuck around, I will spill on you and kill you in the field, boo [Chorus 2X: GZA] Soldiers in the front, let the heat pump Troops on the left, fight to the death Fam on the right, infrared lights Wolves in the back, ready to attack, for what [Ghostface Killah] Leather jackets on, rocked up rock stars Treacherous bank robbers, the plan go dub, we pop guards The team gotta eat, seeds is hungry, that's why we ain't scared To dump on niggas, our guns is chunky Usually we bust niggas down with bats, swell up they joints Elbow, wrists, they shins get cracked We still humiliate, brutalize, Ruger pop, pulverize Still got gear in the closet, that's stupid live From Benetton rugby skullies, Oshkosh conductor jumpers The train hats fit me lovely Rae job is to make sure the coke is fluffy While I politic his birthday bash with Puffy Bagged Nia soon as I linked up, the kid ain't inked up I'm an old mummy, my gold weigh as much as King Tut (yeah, yeah) Slippers, robes is minked up, under the doorag, bro (uh, yo, yo) My three dimensional fade is clean cut [Method Man] Man, ya'll niggas ain't shit to us, still a pistol bust Split your melon like I split the Dutch Got a lot of piff to puff, and I ain't come for fisticuffs Or for the cop that wanna clip the cuffs Man, is Staten in this bitch or what? Don't get it twisted, we, twist it up and even mixed with dust See these fans can't resist the rush, they Wu-Tang for life Scarred for life, they can't forget the cuts Got a whole line of classic joints, and while you at it Pass the joint, let's push this music past the point Of no return, til it crash and burn, down the ashes Then placed inside Ol' Dirty Bastard's urn When it's my time to go, for sure, ya nigga goes to war What you think I brought these soldiers for? To send shot, like forget me not, at any nigga Respect, bitch, that figure they gon' get me got [kung fu sample] Hehe, your basic kung fu is no good You can't move fast enough And you don't have enough strength And your body movements are like a street climber It's too easy for me to trip you up 	*fighting* Hehehe, how's it feel, huh? 	It's no good, I'm afraid my back is broken Hahaha, you've still got a lot to learn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon the Chef w/ Ghostface Killer, Cappachino, Method Man Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Song: Ice Cream Intro: Method Man (Johnny Blaze) Hey mom, can I have some money? The ice cream man is coming! Chorus: Watch these rap niggaz get all up in your guts French-vanilla, butter-pecan, chocolate-deluxe Even caramel sundaes is gettin touched And scooped in my ice cream truck, Wu tears it up (The ice cream man is coming!) Verse One: Ghostface Killer (Tony Starks) Yo honey-dips, summertime, fine Jheri drippin See you on Pickens with a bunch of chickens how you're clickin I catch shootin strong notes as we got close She rocked rope, honey throat smellin like Impulse Your whole shell baby's wicked like Nimrod Caught me like a fresh-water scrod, or may I not be God Attitude is very rude Boo, crabby like seafood It turns me on like Vassey and Lahrule They call me Starky Love-hun, check the strategy By any means, Shirley Temple cross was done by Billie Jean's Black Misses America, your name is Erica, right true Lazy eyeball, small piece, six shoe Caramel complexion, breath smellin like cinnamon Excuse me hon, the Don mean no harm, turn around again God damn, backyard's bangin like a Benz-y If I was jiggy, you'd be spotted like Spudz McKenzie I'm high powered put Adina Howard to sleep Yo pardon, that bitch been on my mind all week, but uhh Back to you Maybelline Queen let's make a team You can have anything in this world except CREAM So whatchu wanna do? Whatchu wanna do? Let's go ahead and walk these dogs and represent Wu Chorus Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef (Lou Diamonds) Shaolin's finest, whattup Boo, peace your highness Yo I'm loungin, big dick style, y'all niggaz is the flyest Moves you're making too fly jewels are shaking not a rape patient, you're looking good fly colored Asian Ghettoes, them is your hometown, we can go the whole round After that, I'm shootin downtown I'm rockin hats and you wig is all intact Who's that queen bee chick, eyes curly black Freaks be movin in fly sneaks Two finger rings and gold teeth, and ain't afraid to hold heat So when I step in the square dear You better have CREAM to share, Ricans, ven aqui yeah Chorus Verse Three: Cappachino Black chocolate girl wonder, shade brown like Thunder Politic til your deficit step, gimme your number Your sexy persuasive ta-ta's and thighs Catch my eyes like highs I want your bodily surprise Double dime some time, Ice Cream you got me fallin out like a cripple, I love you like I love my dick size ooh baby I miss you, your sweet tender touches take pulls off the dutches, orgasm in my mindstate masterbate in your clutches, I want you for self like wealth, so play me closely Bitches paranoia for the sting, who want the most of me Only a hard dozen want to be callin me cousin Thirsty for my catalog, baby shoppin spree you're lovin Call me if you want to get dug like the pockets I jizm like a giant break brooms out of their sockets Outro: Method Man Wu-Tang in the cut, for real niggaz what? It's the after party and bitches want to fuck Chorus: Ice cold bitches melt down when my clutch and what they titties sucked, ice cream Yeah, your guts Chorus: 3/4ths Ice cold bitches melt down when in the clutch They want they titties sucked, ice cream One love to my chocolate deluxes, keep your nails done and your wigs tight, word up One love to my butter-pecan Ricans for calling me papi That's for real One love to caramel sundaes, with the cherries on top Yeah And big up to my french vanillas Parlez vous, francais, mi amor, merci, oui oui, bon bons and all that good stuff That good stuff The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Cappadonna, Method Man Album: The Lex Diamond Story Song: Ice Cream Pt. II Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Raekwon] This is little Kane though His little sobrero (The Ice Water joint is back mothafucker!) (Check out this shit) Yeah uh-huh (What?) Eh yo.. eh yo eh yo [Chorus: Raekwon] Aiyo, butter pecan Ricans, love a little candy girl Caramel cover girl, love the way your body twirl French vanilla cream, body work is mean Chocolate fudge make a nigga wanna fall in love [Raekwon] Got them fat legs, killin' them Gucci's Heels on, with the fat coochie The way it's feelin' you seducin' me Take time, create, yeah my legend is straight now Ya inner vibe's the side of the juicy Cheeba queen, treats on, jeans, state to state And she got the nerve to fuck me all mean While I rock all green, by all means We in the mall fiendin', one more hump then I'ma scream Boo throw me more of you, I'll take all four of you We could flip it on the floor while I'm pourin' on you Make me kiss it in the store on you Cop the new drawers, the dick is all yours it's a mornin' blue Straight mines, thats a warnin' duke Watch me climb, that pussy looks shaped and designed Yeah, line for line, rhyme for rhyme That coochie is mine, I might just need it this time [Method Man] Shut the fuck up and get in the car Girl, your high beams is on, I wonder how they fit in that bra We in the front seat, splittin' cigars I'm on my job so you handcuffin' ho ass niggaz, be on your guard Especially on ladies night, I like it when they take a swallow Straight out the bottle, but that ain't lady-like I call 'em lil' pet names like Ma and Boo-Boo So everytime I see your girlfriend, never confuse you With the next down-ass chick, that play a part That's cool enough to pardon my French menage a trois Meth Man, real talk, don't mean to put you on the spot But I know a spot to kick your heels off I'm not as Dirty as that Bastard, be But still a villain, I serve 'em Dick Dastardly Here's a little taste of Ice Cream II (Ice Cream II) So put some Vicky Secret on, trick, I might swing through [Cappadonna] Yo, I love my dick-size, like I love women and shit My head grew over these years, now I got a nice dick Beauty mark right on my balls, girl, have a nice lick Cute in the face, hair-do, you got some nice lips Pussy monkeys holdin' my cock, just like it's vice grips Part down the crack of your ass, your frame is priceless Butter-butter caramel swirl, chocolate chip French vanilla sundae girls, banana split Cum drip down in your chin, right on your soft tits Put your hand gently in mine, give me a soft kiss What's really good? Girl, slip me your number You blowin' up, and your lookin' Ice Cream this summer Better than Beyonce, Halle Berry and them Honey, you lookin' scrumptous, I ain't worried 'bout them You my straight hood chick, girl, you more than a gym You got that fat tight pussy like Notorious KIM Butter-butter caramel swirl, chocolate chip French vanilla sundae girls, banana split, uh.. [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Ghostface Killah, Method Man Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II Song: New Wu Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Raekwon] What up son?, maintaining, maintaining, you know? You good, right? Everything proper, still, right? Come on, man, what's the matter wit you, man? Ain't nothing, I just want us to be on [Chorus: Method Man] Tell a friend, it's that symbol again, that W Coming through, bust a shot on your block, give me a suu (suuuuuuu!) Get it right, all my chicks hold ya tits, let's get it in All my niggas take a toke off this weed, let it begin (Here we go), yo, ya'll already know what it do Brand new, nigga, back from the slums, it be the Wu (Now throw ya W's up), back from the slums, it be the Wu [Raekwon] Love to dress a lab, get rocked, hundred bags, black doorags Ski masks is on, g wags Don't try to take pictures, 'lax, still in the grass You'll learn respect, *gunshot* wanna ask Rhyme master busy, wizzy on the subject, love Deck Thug battle drug vets, snub sets, iller than most Night time tokes, gorillas in boats, three boats Villains is killa, gangstas flip notes Hibernation yo, switch up, liver nation, fly information Vivid vacation, deliberation moments Move like 91 Romans, cloning everything Gents only, the rent's on the stove, I'm in Rome Maxed out, Annex style, my team brand bandits Make a move and get blown off the planet, baby Hold that cannon, just understand we got the whole shit Padlocked down, my niggas won't have it [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, jumping out of Benz wagons, my family live in the Hill They call us Bin Ladens, laughing, turbaned up Faggot niggas get murdered up, these streets is like radio beef So watch how the kid turn it up Bulletproof tuxes, knuckle games is clobbering busters Eighteen niggas is bringing the ruckus Flame throwers on our backs and shoulders, the rusty joints still work The trey eight'll blow one of your doujas When it's mad, he the mad calm, walk around Gold collect, 36, so before G bomb My inner strength flowing, I mastered chi kung Ya'll Planet of the Apes, standing next to King Kong Forensic file, ultraviolet hype, sky blue Bales Laying niggas like ceramic tile I'm like Urlacher, beasting at the top of the pile Kneeing niggas in the nuts, nigga, damn I'm foul [Method Man] We blow money, got game, hungry, we pop things Look for me, crams in my pocket, Chef cook for me Blue Magic bundles, I'm dope, but on the humble I'm a good dude, don't short change me, see that's our hood through Beer drinkin', Cuban Linking, new way of thinking Got me thinking, Meth, break the handcuffs, run out the precinct This is hard body, hard knocks, if you pushing that hard rock Then let these niggas go off top We rock fitted, drop kitted, I live it and not quit it I pitch it, my pops sniffed it, mean business, I'm not finished I'm *sniff* too hot wit it, you bitching, the plot thicken I'm shitting, the glock spitting, if nigga don't stop snitching Just what the block missing, the two-seater wit the top missing And two divas wit the tops missing Now that's living to me, I'm what these kids is killing to be But I don't want my children to be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon the Chef Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Song: Wu-Gambinos Intro: And in our line of work, we need all the help we can get Tony Wind is the name, he works for a drug ring in Central America   Who wants to kill him? No information, say yes or no   One point five million Alright, you get what you want -- money's no object They're all clean, no serial numbers, untraceable And there are explosive head bullets, in the clip [Raekwon, Ghostface, (Method)] Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo-yo, here come the cop man Yo Starks come here, come here Sun Come here for a minute!   Aiyyo aiyyo hold up hold up   Shit we gotta go to the store for more baking soda   Yo yo yo get your fuckin, yo this made of glass nig!   Get your big Adidas off my moms table man!   Get the fuck off it man. Yo just chill man, pass the Cristal man. Niggaz is greedy man, damn.   Big ass shits. Yo man you ain't smoking none of that weed in here man. Chill man. Bobby Steels    Somebody go to the store man Sup kid?   Get that baking soda. (Yo!) Let's cut the pie five ways (Noodles) We came off with two mil kid Fast (Rollie Fingers, no doubt coming through) La cosa nostra   (Johnny Blaze!)   (Lou Diamonds!) Represent kid.   (Tony Starks) Universal frontier   (Original blood claat bad bwoys) Chorus: Method Man Who come to get you? None. They want guns! I be the first to set off shit, last to run Wu roll together as one I call my brother Sun cuz he shine like one Verse One: Method Man, a.k.a. Johnny Blaze Check it Scriptures hit the body like sawed off shotties Like my hair notty and my nosepiece snotty Fuck a nigga hottie, that whole pussy probably Burn like the deserts of Mogabi, for real Ain't nuttin fraudulent here, we pioneer Commandeer a new frontier, this be the Wu yeah Thirty-six chambers of fear, huh, you lost it Information leakin out your faucets, hmmmmm Time to forfeit your crown and leave the ground There's a new sheriff in town holdin it down It's the two holster, shit shot smoker Wanted dead or alive, bounty on the poster Wild in the West, a student of my culture And life is the test, hold up Let a nigga catch his breath, we still payin dues And the last one is death, back to the essence With that shit you stressin, this rap profession Now peep Tical, the son of the Shaolin Isle plus my style, Criminology pays The last times and days, Johnny fuckin Blaze Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef, a.k.a. Lou Diamonds This goes for niggaz who know Wu will grow like llello, ley no Plus coolin in Barbados Ricaans be givin me much shit, the dutch shit Stay cool papi, seize it with enough shit Back at the lab a, crack's bagged up Yo niggaz act up, what blow up the workers if they hafta Senoritas, fuckin up a storm buyin guards margaritas Suckin his dick, up in the whip long Designed for rhyme prime nigga jail time jiggas Them niggaz up in Height figures bitin niggaz Silks Wally-Wear finger rolled chain yeah Jakes beware black rap millionaires Rock hairs leather goose bears blowin this year One eight hundred gambino niggaz yeah [Meth] Wu roll together as one I call my brother Sun cuz he shine like one Verse Three: RZA, a.k.a. Bobby Steels Solid gold crown is shinin Solid gold, check it Sun yo Solid gold crown be shinin and blindin like some diamonds I be pioneerin the style in the cloud with silver linings Double breasted, bullet proof vested, well protected The heart the rib cage the chest and solar plexus Castin stones, crackin two-hundred and six bones And watch yo' ass get blown to a sea of fire and brimstone How dare you approach it with dim pones The overfiend like noah bean green souls with a soldier mean The grand exquisite imperial wizard oh is it The Ryzarector come to pay your ass a visit Local bio-chemical, universal giant, the black general Lickin shots to Davy Crockett on the bicentennial Happen millenium two thousand microchips two shots of penicillin goes up your adrenalin son it's time for boutin It's a mileage resemblin niggaz who like followin Trapped inside your projects like a genie inside the bottle Verse Four: Master Killer God steppin forth upon holy down of the track It's the sound that surrounds and hurts me like I'm under attack So I decided to bite down on the mic So the pain of the track won't deny the fact That I'm the Master, for what lurks, is an expert  That hurts the individual who tries to visual-ize under Cuz I strike, like thunder Niggaz couldn't stand my heat, it's unbearable My wisdom fucks up your respiratorial Systems are fractured by the killa tactics Style is ragged and thoughts are mad jagged Enter the entity, my vicinity Is three hundred and sixty degrees of humidity Represent the school of hard knocks and glocks my Clan is hoss and got mad moss for blocks so Feel the force of impact from the iron side of The gat as I attack the track From the blind side of the pack, Starks pass the chrome Watch a nigga get blown out his muthafuckin dome piece, deceased, laid to rest Chorus Verse Five: Ghostface Killer, a.k.a. Tony Starks Yo, aiyyo I got to serve them my way, move give me room Holdin up your saloon, clean sweep, like a broom Full moons make me howl like a wolf outta breath Sold only new vocal cords I heard Genius on Gef So step back, to the lab at, high velocity My teammate, enhance cells well like a pharmacy Fuck horado pablos plan growas bravo Goodfellas we know, best sellas become novels The man rockin head bands, silk scarves and jams Early 80's british rock, playboys, mocks, and shams The laser beam vocalist does well at symphonies Bad days, watch me snatch ice right outta Tiffany's Remember them kids that came off with 8 million Robbed the Brinks and I labelled in royal pavillions Them flower heads must have been stupid Tell me how the fuck black niggaz get caught wit all that loot kid That's jet money, undaground money Submarines and rings too bad you fucked up dummies Cosa cosa, come on... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ GZA, Method Man, Prodigal Album: Bobby Digital in Digital Bullet Song: Do U Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com {*sampled singer singing "Do, Do U" repeats all throughout the song*} [Intro: RZA (Method Man)] Come on my niggas, yo.. Put your guns in your right hand and hold it down towards the floor Point all your guns down towards the floor for a minute Yeah, you could hold 'em, just point 'em down towards the floor For a sec, aight? (Yo y'all ain't fuckin' wit the Wu) We gon' splash like this, all my wild Digi heads (Y'all niggas is crook) Y'all niggas move a little up to the front Y'all niggas know what I'm talkin' about Word up, my weedheads, y'all play the right for a second Nahmean? Check it out All y'all niggas on X, y'all keep y'all asses in the back Aight? Straight up, in fact, matter of fact We gon' mingle this shit like mothafuckin' peas in the mothafuckin' pot Straight up Digi Digi style, word up, as we splash you right (Yeah, yeah, my niggas is crew, now y'all ain't fuckin' wit the Wu  Oh now y'all.. come on!) [RZA] Walk wit a didi bop ock, you silly pop, Jiffy Pop Fuck around, son, I'll blow ya face up with fifty shots Sharp darts, and it pop pop like tarts Extreme speed like Anakin inside the Pod Headed for the finish line, BOODOO, watch Bobby cross it Hoes with the diamonds on your toes, come on and floss it I be one of those tall skinny cats with the four-nine Three-eleven that rips through Power-U's and breaks spines I culture power-tuggin' boys who be drunk, buggin' Lovin' loud noise from toys, club thuggin' Sweet chocolate deluxe, rugged, sexy buttercup That don't give a fuck about the cop in the club Or the bouncer with the flashlight, one walked passed, right? Some pulled the razor and chopped his ear like he was Mad Mike I played the cipher in the corner, teachin' math One for one thoughts, a hundred brothers won't last Because you can't do me.. (x3) 	"Do U feel?" Come on! [Prodigal] Yo, son, +Wake Up+! {*coughs*} Yo, I gotta do this, man I gotta get this money, son Features in the crowd, appearance like, "Black I'm proud" In the background, no sounds, four pound, we hold ground! Brooklyn bound, seven initials up in the crown One man's ramblin', officials they shot him down Supreme, extreme, lean, killin' machines All I wanna do is feed my seed, plus my team Keep it logical, no games, straight up about Prodigal Diabolic drums and I run from none Testimony one, give my life before my only son Thelonious crumbs, why they wanna press me for guns? Now I'm in the face of the judge, court case thug From a race, laced, based on drugs, some made slugs As +It Was Written+, stroll through any block forbidden Glock hidden, why they wanna stop precision? Eighty-five percent of my brothers locked in prison And we just keep dyin' for the love of good livin' But Do U! Do U! Do U! 	"Do U feel?" (x2) [GZA] You know those jams in the park, produced the spark Made me feel words how I read books in the dark I always took it to heart, loved the art A lifetime of darts, ripped crews apart Made their stay real short, I stamped the passport Couldn't bring through no wack shit of no sort I walked the borough challengin' the best that stood Torch metal mics, they conduct better than wood Once I electrify and only expect to die Rounded Bed-Stuy, ZZZZ, nigga fry My opponent block, the beat comin' from his box Investment ranker who's a joke in the stocks Keep a rhythmic pace, maintainin' great balance Movin' in steps of unheard of silence Normally progressioners, they're slow steepin' Niggas wanna light up when there's gas leakin' 	"Do U feel?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Jammie Sommers, Masta Killa, Method Man, Streetlife Album: Bobby Digital in Digital Bullet Song: Glocko Pop Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Woman over vocoder] Digital Electronics! [Intro - RZA (Jammie Sommers)] So we gon' check the 25th caller Caller? (Hello?) Caller, you're on the air (Yeah, hello?) You're on the air, sweetheart (Hello, yeah, I'd like to make a request  Yeah, I wanna hear somethin Digital) Oh yeah? (That means somethin that's gonna keep me up and turn me on) Well, I got this new joint, the Glocko Pop (Glocko Pop?) Yeah, Glocko Pop (Oh, I love that song!  Oh my God!) Here it is, just for you, sugar [RZA] Bobby Digital back on the set Watch girl's pussies get wet wet wet wet wet Drip drip drip drip, drop drop drop drop Hip-hop you just can't stop stop stop stop Watch my glock glock glock glock glock It goes pop pop pop pop pop My Glocko pop pop pop My Glockoes pop pop pop His rugged go pop pop pop pop You stomp the fuck off yo' block My Glockoes pop pop pop My Glocko pop pop pop (x4) You stomp the fuck off yo' block My Glocko pop pop pop Bob Digi-tech live in effect, you just didn't expect one man to come along and bring a new song and break your barrier down, you can't carry the sound Buckwild juvenile from Shaolin Island, what? What? Who wants to get violent? Remain silent My Glocko pop pop pop My Glocko pop pop pop His Glocko pop pop pop His Glocko pop pop pop My son go pop pop pop My gun go pop pop pop His Glocko pop pop pop One love, go pop pop pop His love go pop pop pop [Method Man (Masta Killa)] Yo.. who wanna play the hero? Your chances are slim Less than zero, Shaolin laboratory friend That's the shit though, came to satisfy but can't get no Sound pasified from the get-go, Cuban neckties for you Kiko Only carry mines for protection, the hoods like the Wild West I reckon Hold up a second, lost my breathe and take it from the top bitch or do somethin Mr. Method runnin in your session with nothin but my words as my weapon and twenty-eight years of aggression Do it for my people when I take it back like I'm repo-man, agent double-oh negro Know who I am? No, I don't give a damn Evil, flash ya Crooked I like I'm eagle Gets down and dirty like your moms pots and pans From a smoked pipe, drink it down like Sedan This is how ya Enter the Wu-Tang Clan (Yeah) 36 Chambers, you're pu-tang man (Word) Brothers with a mic make a true slang thin (Yeah) Brother with a gun make the loot change hands (Word) That's how it is, you could ask RZ-A The rain, hail or snow I deliver [Interlude - Jammie Sommers] DJ, that music just turns me on [Masta Killa] The marvelous bone crushin assassin appears to be blind in glasses Daredevil bang head with shovel Iron skin, Tony Starks, liquid metal The rebel in the evenin, shadows sweapens, vanishin the book of instruction, fuckin with the Wu-Tang Production is lord to all who come and see, my art too deadly to teach Read my death touch, ascended grief between each point Slendid, hand Swingin Sword recommended Slice through the bone intended Try to sketch the classes, reflection of perfection Mic-phone swing like numb stick to scar Mohammed Ali, mic MC, Shakwan walk the dead sea Dead sea, Digi.. [Streetlife] Yo, yo.. yo.. My mind keeps playin tricks, I'm caught up in The Matrix Digital mould, your flows is all wasted You smoke weed with seeds, I crush mines and lace it Two tokes a pass, kid it's all basic I know you lust, so relax and be patient As soon as I spark the stem, ya all taste it Number one on the charts, it's time to erase it Replace it, you was wack from the start, face it [Interlude - Jammie Sommers] DJ, that music just turns me on [RZA] My Glocko pop pop pop His love go pop pop pop My Glocko pop pop pop (x5) You stomp the fuck off yo' block My Glocko pop pop pop His Glocko pop pop.. [Outro - Jammie Sommers] DJ, that music just turns me on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Beretta 9, Killa Sin, Method Man, Ndira Album: Digital Bullet Song: La Rhumba Typed by: 320042425817-0001@t-online.de, ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Intro: Ndira] Here we are.. Bobby, I was just wondering, you know About me and you, tonight If we could go to a little Rhumba Dance, you just think about it and let me know [Chorus: Ndira] Esta bueno, por que esta es La Rhumba Ven baila conmigo en esta Rhumba Esta bueno, por que esta es La Rhumba Ven baila conmigo esta Rhumba [RZA] Rhumba? What's Rhumba? I'm sayin' though, what? I'm sayin'.. Yo, what up Butter Pec'? Girl, you got me shy to speak You the same dime piece that I saw last week On the dancefloor, yo, the way you bligh Make a club of thugs do the Electric Slide Pretty in pink, come here, let me buy you a drink Armaretta sour orders put us both in sync' My name is Bobby and I don't usually dance that much I play the wall, but girl, you got that magic touch That lured me in like a fly into the spider's web Not these everyday hoes sweatin' ghetto celebs Powerule, I heard you got the good Power-U Let's slip to my crib for an hour or two [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] Hey, hey, hey.. Uh, uh, uh, uh.. Eh eh eh eh eh.. Hey Butter Pecan what's that lingo you speakin'? It sound like, let's me and you slide for the weekend (True) I got drinks and tasty treats to sink your teeth in Your popi two-way beefin', let him know that you cheatin' Runnin' 'round indecent exposed without no clothes There it go (*plug*), Moby Dick and there she blows You got me covered, girl, and it shows and I suppose We can play doctor soon as I drop out ya bows [Killa Sin] I don't wanna dance baby girl, it's like my legs is on strike Boogie that ass to the bar, snatch a Remi, no ice I'm in the corner, we can vibe all night Polite, I need a bag of that grass To blast me out of sight like a satellite Bigga what up? Yo, long time, good to see you Look at shorty ass shakin' like the system in my vehicle Clubbin', twenty deep, buggin', all types of funny freaks Mouthes wide shut, we let our love for the money speak [Beretta 9] Yo  Open season, open fire, Beretta barbed wire First platoon strike soon, scud-missile on the whistle Up in the club with the pistol This chick bumped into me like, "You Dig', you ain't official" Indeed, so? Blow out your back, yo She was like, "Yo, nigro, nigro" Puffin' all that trash, you best to see so (so so) So I introduced her nightcap, she was like, "I like that" Later on tonight, you know, I gotta spit that Flow and a half, blow at her back I like it rough, and I hope she's rough back She was like say her name I was like, "Say mine back" She was like, "Yo, daddy, daddy, daddy" I love it like that, Beretta stay givin' it Power-U so good, I just might have to jizz in it [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA (Bobby Digital) f/ Fat Joe, Method Man, Ndira Album: The Sting: Bobby Digital Bonus Disc Song: La Rhumba (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [RZA] I pulled off with Juanita in a two-seater Just left the lover, shorty loved it, shit was off the meter High speed down the block, she had the hammer by Peter Flipped her tongue inside my ear, I was like shit, mama mia! Bong, I threw on a smooth slow song As I stuck my two fingers in between her thong She was like, "Bobby, Bobby, Bobby" "Two headache, ah popa chulo, de hablo Bobby" [Chorus 2X: Ndira] Esta bueno, por que esta es La Rhumba (Daddy, Daddy, Daddy) Ven baila conmigo en esta Rhumba (Daddy, Daddy, Daddy) Esta bueno, por que esta es La Rhumba (Daddy, Daddy, Daddy) Ven baila conmigo esta Rhumba (Daddy, Daddy, Daddy) [Fat Joe] Yeah Yo it's the God Joey Crack and Bobby Digi It looks like these Wu-Tang niggaz beat me to the trizi They got mami's all over the place Makin' out with each other and givin' niggaz face I'm so excited I'm invited to your party And I'm on the ferry right now with some blunts and Bacardi Headin' to the Island, not P.R. but Shaolin Where every nigga got a Wu-Tang medallion I'm in Stapleton, it's Off the Wall We puffin' L's in the staircase, the fourth floor Shorties givin' me brains, she thought she had me 'Til I flipped her over and mad her scream, "Daddy!" [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] Hey, hey, hey.. Uh, uh, uh, uh.. Eh eh eh eh eh.. Hey Butter Pecan what's that lingo you speakin'? It sound like, let's me and you slide for the weekend (True) I got drinks and tasty treats to sink your teeth in Your popi two-way beefin', let him know that you cheatin' Runnin' 'round indecent exposed without no clothes There it go (*plug*), Moby Dick and there she blows You got me covered, girl, and it shows and I suppose We can play doctor soon as I drop my jabows [Chorus 2X] Artist: RZA/Bobby Digital f/ Method Man Album: RZA as Bobby Digital in Stereo Song: N.Y.C. Everything Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [RZA/Bobby Digital] Yo, yo, yo From the heart of Medina to the head of Fort Greene Now-Y-C/Now I see Everything Niggas who sling, Shaolin cats thrown inside the bing Bobby Digital got the golden silk sting Rhyme star, I write a hundred thousand dollar bar My pen strike calm'll delete your power bar Dr. Octopus tentacles, sing a simple song Bob Digital instrumental, nothing's identical You biter, non-writer, Mr. Potato Head, Ore-Ida Deep-fried crinkle cut, one single cut, fucks your whole LP up You must be stupid you liar I'm the purifier, live wire, hip-hop reviver A suicide mission you're committin, go against the Wu-Tang henchmen Perfect precision marksman, spit darts an, flip charts 'an Archery, shots aimed at your heart then Daffy Duck us, we still +Bring+ the motherfuckin +Ruckus+ Project Killa Hill be the buggest Smoke blunts, drink Bud Light beer, with Buzz Lightyear Went from here to infinity, for them right here Bobby Digital, overthrow your whole citadel Mr. Pitiful, your whole shrap style is despicable Undernourished, your shit cannot flourish Cherish every moment of this love before you perish Bitch, +k-chicka-chik+, watch me switch Lookin for a bird, I can hitch into your atmosphere, dig your pussy out like a pap smear Make you smile, at the same time, crack a tear Smack your rear, vagina saliva, Trojan wear Rough Rider up inside ya, thick applehead opens up your clit wider Taste the apple cider You become strong, then become a biter (Bobby Bobby Bobby, Digi Digi Digi) Stuck to your ass like a Victoria's Secret wedgie Heart of Medina to the head of Fort Greene Now-Y-C/Now I see Everything Niggas who sling, Shaolin cats thrown inside the bing Bobby Digital got the killa bee sting From the heart of Medina to the head of Fort Greene Now-Y-C Everything, niggas who sling Shaolin cats're thrown inside the bing Bobby Digital got the killa bee sting [Method Man] Drink a Heineken, as we go inside the mind again Neverminded men, drop a gem, can he shine again? Most definite, let this be my Last Will and Testament For the pessimist, exercise for The Exorcist Johnny Treacherous, like Three, I'm supposed to be perpetuous Decimate the poetry, and everything that's close to me The lecherous, Jon-athon King of the Seven Seas, battle with Leviathan, The Methodist Poly to your deficit, hit it up If I can't live it up somebody gotta give it up John Jay, blow 'em out the water, drop the Bombay Your bitch look like Strangé, rubbin me that wrong way Burn one then sautee, bringin you different ways of sword play They bustin Bullets Over Broadway, Deep Cover I'm like Larry, when the Fish-burne, I burn rubber cause I'm not an easy lover Ten the midnight, butt naked with a knife Ask my a-alikes, I've been crazy all my life Hard time homicide, time fly, do or die Crooked ass and Crooked I, scripture from the dark side Johnny 5, I reside, in the killa bee hive only the strong gon' survive From the depths of the Killa to the top of Now Born Whylin on Staten Island be the poet John John Can't forget Bobby, if I did I'd feel gypped Like my sandwich ain't a sandwich without Miracle Whip From the depths of the Killa to the top of Now Born Whylin on Staten Island be the poet John John Can't forget Digi, if I did I'd feel gypped Like my sandwich ain't a sandwich without Miracle Whip The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Ghostface Killah, Method Man, Saian Supa Crew Album: Saian 12" Song: Saian (Remix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, brazkokobraz@hotmail.com,  shogunsdecapitator@hotmail.com, KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Method Man] Yo, merci beaucoup, microphone check, one, two Can I get a hundred sack, want do Lets smoke and you ain't gotta choke that note just tote When you need a hand just holla at your pro Mr. Meth Man who rep the Wu-Tang Clan Blunts, beer cans and poom tang man Lets go, let me *ahah* clear my throat Pull the plug out the river, save ya boat Oh no, I'm too hardcore now make sure when you jump in my whip don't slam the car door My niggaz, as long as the tracks by RZA Like UBS, hear me yeah, I deliver [Sly the Mic Buddah] Aww, hey, c'est le Saian, Saian, Supa Saian, Supa Saian Got my homie DJ Love, Saian, got my homie, represents, Saian Sly the Mic Buddah, Saian, ya'll did did that [Ghostface Killah] This is Ghostface Bakery, ya'll ain't cake to me Pushin' cocaine, Whitehorse in the city Over Pun and Pac, I cried over Biggie Spazzed out, grab a white bitch by her titties Rock wallabies, this is Clarkology You know copy Starky belong wit the triple technology Quick wit the pistol, leave you cripple if you lyin', B. Tickle the butter soft nipples on the side of me So muthafucka, let me slow that flow down And bang an ol' mighty hammer like Joe Brown Dust off rounds, surround sound, trey pound Put a phat leather head to bed like night gowns If ya'll wit me then build, shorty, brothers is real We true dons, makin' glass on the cash is on Get my head right and smash yours moms, kid She chose me, the bitch greased my palms [Feniksi] I'm comin' from Paris city I'm on the residence, so don't shit on me Like Kool G. Rap I got the Ill Street Blues You loose, you can rich them out of my shoes Baby, me and my Crew, we comin' your way Saian Supa do it everyday, all day (everyday, all day) Don't fight (don't fight), just see the light (see the light!) Wit the sound, RZA, will make it all right [RZA] BOODOODOODOODOO Grey Goose wit cranberry The raspberry bikini on honey wit the black berry Had my eyes bulgin', plus my pants bulgin' Ready for indulgence, long stroke compulsions I'm lookin' for devotion, slow motion Tropical potions, Sun and body lotions Sex on the ocean, nine inch explosions Had me frozen like the icicle Big legs like she ride bicycle Shorty beefcake known to make my knees shake Sweepstakes, first day at the cheesecake Factory, Tony Starks in back of me Sippin' on pina coladas, twistin' Daquiris The gold lion is known to hold iron Rings stuffed with diamonds, Bobby and Supa Saian [Sly the Mic Buddah] Saian, move it on your left Saian, bring da muthafuckin' ruckus C'est l'Saian, Saian, Saian, Supa [Vicelow] Ya fight le son est fat, à qui la faute? SAIAN Vu les statistiques de gars qui veulent test' Et qu'ont du mal à tater l'esthétique Je me dois de les rendre statiques S-s c'est qui coq? Quiconque qui veut jouer le coq Je vaut mille Rocky au mic jusqu'à Milwaukee J'lache du lest donc j'attends qu'on me lache de l'estime Voici l'homme de l'est avec sa dream team Tisse sa toile comme Lady Laystee autour des wistitis [Sir Samuel] Pas de mc de bas niveau, v'là du nouveau Fout tout le reste dans le caniveau Bousille pas ton cerveau car les ondes sont gravés Et tu décale ta sono, abattez mes rivaux Et t'as peur de rencontrer le reste du commando Ensemble ou en solo KLR nous unis, veille sur nous depuis là haut [Leeroy Kesiah] J'débarque sur le projet, j'te baise ou j'grave Écartes ton gros der, tes grosses fesses Ramènes tes grosses lèvres, j'te le donne en conseil Pas des grosses mères, des grosses maîtres À l'aise poses ta grosse tête Pas de proverbe mais ne cause pas trop prenne de gros projets Pas la prochaine Projètes de gros pièges dans les gros sièges Protèges ton fausse air, sans faucettes j'te possède J'te fais une grossesse, pas de problème J'te laisse en chaussettes, j'te crochètes J'ten parle en prochaine en prochaine lettre Je matte les prophètes [Sly the Mic Buddah] Saian, à dieu mon gros Saian, c'est ca C'est l'Saian, vas-y mon nig Saian, c'est l'Saian Saian, c'est l'Saian Saian, c'est Supa C'est l'Saian, New York City Saian, 36 Records The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Crooked I, E-40, Jayo Felony, King Tech, Lady Platinum, Method Man, Ol' Dirty Bastard, W.C Album: We Pop (Remix) 12" Song: We Pop (Remix) Typed by: davidab@cox.net [Intro: RZA (King Tech)] Yo, yo, P. Diddy might run this city But I walk down the block, flash my -- (Yo RZA, hold up, hold up) Yo what's up son? (Yo, we gotta remix this joint) Yo, come on then (Yo, 40, it's on you) [E-40] I gotta tell you, we ain't next to nice, made you nice Don't get your head cracked, don't get your tomato diced I'm the coldest M.C. in the game And I shouldn't have to say it, you squares know my name Pimped with all the slang in the game, that they recite Every time I open mouth, these suckas bite I bust like a Dutch Master, blast you if a have to Somebody call the pastor [Crooked I] We got realest long beats Flows stop, make the beat go --- I'm in the Coup with the seats low Even on the East Coast, I gotta keep my heat close We leaving holes in your cheap clothes My only job is to stop imposters, watch the mobster Cop the Boxster, drop the top and squat Switchin' through lanes, this is the group thing Cause this is Wu-Tang and Horseshoe Gang, what up? [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Lady Platinum) {E-40}] We pop, we brawl, get money till the day we fall {please believe it} (We pop, we brawl, gettin' money til the day we fall) {please believe it} [Method Man] Yo, I Bonecrush' ya, like I ain't 'never scared' brother That baby mother's like baby powder and there another M.C. does this cutter, when I cut, I split jugglers When my teeth get yellow, I spit butter By now you know my name, man, who hold the belt, now Plus who hold his self down, all with the same hand Now what's the game plan, let money change hand I'm still champ, and white boys still can't hang [RZA] Yo, P. Diddy, might run this city But I walk down the block, flash my glock on the jiggies An ounce of chronic, crushed up in the ziplock Outside the club, is packed up to the gridlock Dime piece wizes, high heels and the flip flops Real players pop with those cringy wrist watch Big bouncers the size of Sasquath Tuck riff with the rim that'll make your eyes pop [Chorus 2X] [Jayo Felony] Do I have to assassinate them? Man, I leave 'em with no altimatum I ain't hate 'em, I ain't make 'em make mistakes But I'mma break 'em, the cops, could I shake 'em Or will they catch me and charge me On the streets I put something in ya, that'll send you to God Meet my man, we don't have to roll, candy when we ride She love it, when I give her, pull her panties to the side Bullet loco, you might catch me breaking and entering Mama, I had to jump bail right before the sentencing [W.C.] Get it up in 'em, cool, that strip and claimin' the set And quick to Sway the Tech, ya'll straight bang and connect It's the dog, ya'll get it off, on your backpack and blue marker Chronic smoke cougher, I don't shoot walker Dub Sizzle on the remix, the last to speak Now it's all coming together like sweaty gas leaks Fo' sure, a nigga will say, 'yo, it's Dub C' 40, Crooked I, RZA, Method Man and Jayo [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shyheim f/ Infamous Bluesteele, Method Man Album: Manchild Song: Am I My Brother's Keeper? Typed by: dirty_bza@hotmail.com, ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Method Man] Eh yo, eh yo, eh yo Yo, yo, yo My son want his back, fuck that (my shine is beautiful) It's time right now, you know? It's like we ain't fuckin with no lame ass niggas no more Bein bullshit by bullshit niggas (for real) [Method Man] Am I my brother's keeper? Theres no need to ask, I'm the creeper Million dollar man, Johnny Cash Puff the reefer, sometimes mix it with the hash Hard to keep up, 100 yards dash, beat your feet up Jumpin Jack Flash on a muthafuckas ass Caught 'em in the weed stash tryin to tap the bag Now he suspect, read him his rights, it's only right I never, never, never in my long-legged life Ever bite like shark niggas, got an appetite for destruction, lusting for dough, it's disgusting Disgraceful, end of disscusion, this tasteful Like cyanide erase you, pull up, let me take two Come all you faithful, Meth and Shyheim Tommy Hilfiger, that I'm a Johnny 'field nigga Till I die, S.I.N.Y. testify Girlfriend sweating my game, killing my high [Shyheim] I'm a 100 proof, like Smirnoff blue label I'm so wild, got housearrest bracelets on each ankle I break you, something fatal and make New Jersey trade you You don't got game, so niggas don't playa-hate you Come back to Brooklyn, the ya G's gone Chase you up, batted in dun, dun Nike won't endorse you so you rock an And-1 I pull out the M-1 and hit you handsome cuz you forcin it, you can hang it up like an ornament End your actin career, put you back in street tournaments Run for your life, like you doing suicides When even use your scrub ass, Live '9-9 [Chorus 2X: Shyheim] Am I my brother's keeper? There's no need to ask I ride for my brothers, give me the gun and the mask We be in the bushes like The Down Low stash Pop up like a warrant, let off on that ass [Infamous Bluesteele] Yo.. Y'all could catch the player Inf' way beyond calm Sharp and on bomb chron, rockin my Sean John Copin the bomb chron from Sharon on the quan Got me chinky-eyed like a Hong Kong don Fire arm palm, cock back caution Alarm for the chumps, boy what you think you gon' palm with my charms Better pay attention to the harm in my palm and it's fully-loaded If I said it, could he hold it? but once he seen the gun I said, "son, look he bolted" Son, look he noted, the Berrettas'll shever, but he was clever He stopped screwing and he blew in his vendettas His crew was in to leathers, Avirex and guns Some of them was smart but I could say the rest was dumb So I played the vest for dumb and saved the checks for dumb cuz they hard-head niggas who graze and steadily come to be leakin something, you could care for speakin frontin bout shit they stick, instead of zip they lip They was young niggas, you know the young dumb niggas Who don't care how they get it as it come, nigga *fades* [sample] *old school party music playing and fades* Hey, hey... Are you that little guy makin all that big noise? *sounds of mad ass dog and man screaming* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Solomon Childs f/ Method Man, Q, Son Don Moet Album: The Wake Song: Millennium Line Up Typed by: Cno Evil, Tha Masta [Intro: Method Man (Solomon Childs)] Say what? (Niggas gon' think I got beef) Say what? (Come on, come on) Say what? [Chorus: Solomon Childs] Hit you with the new Millenium Line-Up Niggas is hons but yo we all fired up Leavin industry heads and CEO's tied up Talk is talk, you get ya jaw wired up [Method Man] Made from the best shit on Earth I bring it to ya first, sick verse from the dirts In the darkness we lurk, load a cartridge and burst On the scene, like a news team Let 'em all Eye Witness, the Method how I do things Perfected, my routine's are hectic and knockin General Electric, I'm shockin (bzzz) Now who top ten? The rotten, Clan once forgotten Niggas poppin Crys' now, they stock market droppin They poison, I'm the antitoxin, that keep the party rockin And got me for assault, Johnny Cochran Get me off, grant in the vault, if I walk Put that order in the court, yeah Jimmy Crack callin, who the fuck really care? (Yeah) World best prepare for Tical 2, beware Or be gone outta here, you be warned Fuck off, get off that bullshit And take the fuckin tux off, now it's on [Solomon Childs] Thug style, far from a pretty boy My hardcore murder got DJ's screamin, "I told ya" Hardcore composer, creapin even closer Solomon scriptures written upon my shoulders Militant rap vultures How dare you and your crew pull out to battle! Annihilation, throw in ya towels Peep my West Brighton wolves start to howl See, '74, March 9 style, it's on So be prepared to fight Lyrics hotter than a B-Town night Rap formats for combat Solomon'll throw elbows, so stop frontin Mama said, "God forbid my baby take the time to write somethin" MC's levitated, live in concert hotter than Earth, Wind & Fire The worlds collide and divide, see my style of haywire [Q] What? Uh! Fuck the mic, spark the hydro, natural like the rhino Knock you out like shadows on stage, ya hottest rival Might get stiffle, and watch the crowd bounce ya life out Raise the lifeforce, my only aim is like the rifle Street is cycle, here in this game here we disciples We only get triffle, open ya eyes you see a bible Stainless scapel, BS will touchin collateral Fuck the manuals, the automatic'll leave you casual Drop you lateral, then charge you like a bitch's vaginal Bring ya can-a-dles, let you know that's only flammable Leave ya several, ya nice whore screamin for medical My verse is federal, gettin money from this chemical The only mineral, is Money Makin niggas physical So use ya visual, search the streets for ya crystal ('99) The mic is on, you only evacuate like pistol [Son Don Moet] Ah shit, it's '98 again Yo, eh-yo, my man Big John keep my high to death I'll empty this Tec to ya mouth 'til there's nothin left Yo the feds wanna trap me but I got quick, first step And I brawled out, so tell me what's next (Yeah) I used to let off, bust a Tec off Pop the cork off, Moet off Like Janet, it's time to +Set it Off+ Let's history, I'm makin all y'all niggas feel my misery Pissy off the Crys', but Crystal mixed with Hennessy Remember me? First with the GS3 +It's All About the Benji's+ like my man PD No question 'bout my flow cuz I got it, got it Think I'm Master P cuz I be +'Bout It, 'Bout It+ I stay laced, all custom-made suits, Italiano Beachhouse Carribiano, with Cap and Swiss models (Yo) Yea, I know, you like my style cuz I be rippin this shit (Yeah) Iced to the cross, y'all niggas is sick with it What? [Outro: Son Don Moet] Yea, yea, '99 Mr. Meth, Solomon Childs My nigga Q, what? What? And me, Son Don, uh Yea, we out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Streetlife f/ Method Man Album: Street Education Song: All My Niggaz Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Streetlife (Method Man)] Yeah.... the coming is everything (Just when you thought it was safe I got to slap taste out ya muthafuckin' mouth!, bitch) Yo! Yo! [Streetlife] It's the M.C. stresser, Street the aggressor I apply pressure, until your lungs explode Over choke flows, rap, over load I live by the code style that's mad P.L.O. Shaolin pro, equipped with rhymes to go Scully low, rock a teflon coat like it's ten below Controller of my destiny, live for longevity When my life in jeopardy, bust shots consecutively Black teflon rap, I lay this on you heavily Deadly Melodies, I rock the Iron Mic steadily M.C.'s keep tryin' to step in my zone Get ya head flown, crush your nose bone with the microphone New York's bravest, longly awaited (come on) Highly anticipated, street niggaz favorite I never ride dicks, that's why y'all niggaz hate it I'm Street Educated, plus thug related Wu affiliated, still underrated That's to be the greatest, world's most famous Crowd entertainer, top debut gainer Hip hop hall of famer, rap terminator [Chorus 2X: Method Man (Streetlife)] Who the slang pro nigga role, banned from your radio Flow straight ghettio (aiyo) but y'all don't hear me though (I rock for all my niggaz) I rock for all my niggaz (I rock for all my niggaz) I rock for all my niggaz [Streetlife] This is Street radio, live in stereo flow No video, still ghettio slang pro Hoes by the boat load, lust for my logo But they don't get shit from Street, but hard dick and coco' I'm known to hold a grudge, bust slug and drug Flood the court with thug, scream, 'fuck the judge' Bad firm, I never learned, crack the bird, burn a dutch Never had much, never gave a fuck, give it up You ain't larger than life, to lose ya life In the heat of the night, talk like you walk, you might get sniped Just because you got a record deal, don't make you real Just because you sold a mil, don't make you hard to kill If you feel like I feel, we both know you bluffin' I'm about to snuff you the fuck out for nothing, aiyo I'm in full Street mode, ghetto episodes Never sold my soul, or fall for fool's gold Just control the globe with wise words told It's been in my blood, since I was God's years old [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Method Man] Hey, aiyo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Streetlife f/ Carlton Fisk, La Banga, Method Man Album: Not Jus Hip-Hop (S) Song: Not Jus Hip-Hop Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Ah, haha, back again Fuck that, I got an ounce of weed and problems, nigga Get this shit off my chest one time, come on I spit a special like a .38 special, nigga Word up, man, I don't need to perpetrate to ya lame Fuck that, I'mma let the name speak for itself, yo Let's do it [Method Man] Yo, boss talk, I stay on my grizz, stating my biz I ain't, playing with this, they better stay in they cribs When this grown man is speaking on his, ya'll live to eat I'm eating to live, ain't none of my mines is eating the pig Ya'll see it is, just what it is, how soon some people quick to forget Who was the first man to spit it with B.I.G. See me leaning with this brick in my hand But if you see them Loose Linx, some lucky fan gon' lose they link in this jam Got this half of bag of stink in my pants, and first brother that front Is gon' get checked, like the first of the month I don't speak Dutch, but I'm certainly blunt I'm not the type of person to punk, so bump what you personally thump I let you know just how it is from the jump, music be getting me pumped Without the gimmicks or publicity stunts, uh-huh I live this life not, giving a fuck You either getting it or giving it up, nigga [Streetlife] I got blood vessels in my eyes, feel my temperature rise I might die tonight, it's not surprise I got a million ways to get rich, and I'm broke as shit That's why I keeps a full clip on the hip Non descript niggas get got, fuck hip-hop Had niggas running, hopping out they flip flips When opportunity presents itself I represent myself, do my dirt for delf No need for assistance, my basic instints React on impulse, keep your distance Confront all end jokes, don't direspect me Keep my name out your mouth, speak indirectly If you owe dough, come correctly, no shorts, no excuses Don't make my net's exclusive I do this for the love of the music, please don't confuse it Like I won't black out and lose it, stupid [Chorus: La Banga] We do this for cities, with every major hood block These niggas on this, ain't all about just hip hop Keep running your mouth like you wont get your shit rocked If you see that thing cock, you might see the thing pop [Carlton Fisk] The rumor was Carlton Fisk was out to lunch I'm in the booth, one to two takes, without the punch You can find me where the Predators hunt, I put the peddle to the metal And the metal to a head of a chump You can try me, see how swift it'll come, keep a out of town, hood rich Something nice, getting the ones Got her own whip, woodgrip, interior plush Did a bid, the first day home, remembered the rush Now I'm thinking life's a bitch, but I'm living with her Enough is enough, seek a beat, call it a touch It's a big world, in one way, it's small as a fuck If you snitch, for you a thousand deaths is never enough And I call it how I see it, it's well, but I'd rather see These shells hit your body up and see you in hell Was my main nigga til you lied to save yourself Watch them other homies gon' have to die in jail [La Banga] Yo, who suppose to stop La Banga from catching his wreck Especially if he's the recipient seeing the check Yo, I be open as a nigga in danger, leaving his neck Unprotected, keep it protected, Im fiending for wreck My ambition got me more than just prep, I feel it more and no less I'm head strong, big ego, hate stress, but love it Because it pushes the best, fuck defeat Why accept what happens in rap, if I won in the streets We love it, we hug it, sometimes, it don't hug us back We absorb all the bullshit, but dish it all back Like a pimp, in minister slacks, the flow is like a pace of crack When I'm stamping the track, putting in work Some are gangs, some will remain, and some gon' be hurt I'm trying to flow, constant as water, while splashing a verse The impact is like a slug, when it pass through your shirt That's what it is, it's only balance and preservation is first The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Streetlife f/ Method Man Album: Street Education Song: Shoot on Sight (S.O.S.) Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Streetlife] What, yeah, I ain't playin' around No more, man, used to have for you and shit What, wanna stab me in my back, and all that Yeah, word, you ain't got to say nothin' to me When you see me in the world, nigga What, yeah, yo, yea, yo [Streetlife] I knew it come down to this, you let this rap shit Come between us, now you smellin' your piss Showed you love on the strength of click, little bitch Wanna switch, ride on the next nigga's dick? Time to show you how real it can get, real quick We can battle for your bitch or that ice on your wrist We can do this for any price, your life's at risk If you shit five mil, still wouldn't cop that shit I respect no M.C. who claim they sick With your gangsta anticts, what part of the game is this? Ignorant simplest, life after death is a myth Never shit where you sleep, never walk where you piss Don't forget I was Street, before this rap game shit Nowadays, rap niggaz, be dying in they whips Fuck a rhyme, take this back to sellin' dimes on the strip Never in your lifetime, would you rock like this [Chorus: Streetlife (Method Man)] I knew it come down to this We used to be all right, now it's shoot on sight (Shoot on sight, nigga) I knew it come down to this You fucked up homey, you switched up on me (Switched up, homey) I knew it come down to this You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone (You better have that chrome) I knew it come down to this Down to this, down to this (come on Streetlife) [Streetlife] I knew it come down to this, I figure I'll Warn you first, before I let you swallow my fist I got gorillas in the myst, with banana clips Ready to peel when I feel you slip I don't care how much shotties you shot, how many bodies you got You rub me wrong, then your body will drop I'm from Homicide Housing, where we murder the cops Just for browsing, walk in the beat on my block You got some nerves, changing my words But I'm on to you fake ass nigga, you heard? This is grown man business, stay in your place I got big big guns, that will erase your face I see you eyein' me, eyein' you, bite your tongue Cuz if you speak them fight words, muthafucka, you done I live the life, and everything come with a price I'm only tellin' you once, I ain't sayin' *two gun shots* [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Streetlife f/ Method Man Album: Street Education Song: Street Education Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Method Man] Yoooooooooo, sick ass niggaz Sick ass bitches, all the welcome Come on, come on, come on, come on Yeah, come on, come on, come on We don't need nooooooo, no cop patrol [Streetlife] I wish a nigga would, come through the hood, like Street won't Jump out the woods, and snatch your goods If you don't know by now, you should Still actin' like you can't die tonight, you could Still doubtin' the kid, like Street won't push back ya wig Just for thinkin', it's not what it is Shit, Shaolin, we back again, rap for yen Streetlife, that nigga that'll tap your chin Come get some, step to it, let's see Where ya heart's at, let's do it I hear you talkin', but take caution, before crossin' The Street, before you end up layin' in a coffin Don't sleep, you rap cats is physically weak I don't care how much spins your records get in a week Big Street, still beat you down with the heat So umm, watch the words you speak, I roll deep [Chorus: Streetlife (Method Man)] This is Street Education, tune in (Rule one, watch them niggaz close to you) This is Street Education, tune in (Rule two, make sure you do what you suppose to do) This is Street Education, tune in (Rule three, fuck the world, spit that shit) This is Street Education, tune in Adjust your radio station, let's begin [Streetlife] Who's playin' king of New York, y'all gangstas? Hold that thought I'mma show you how we hold down the fort, I'm from a Shaolin resort We don't ball, we catch bodies for sport Put our high light on the news report Muthafucka ya name, run up on you, and blast your frame For that little piece of ice on your chain Don't look at me strange -- like you don't know what this is I know you feel the gun touchin' your rib, it's those Shaolin Kids [Method Man] And we ain't scared to death, or scared to live Put twenty two shots in your crib [Streetlife] The Stat, we at it again, put another ten shot through ya Benz Leave you rollin' through the block, on your rims We ain't gots to pretend, me and you, we ain't gots to be friends So when you 'em [Method Man] Be on needles and pins [Streetlife] This where the drama begins I'm tellin' you pa, I'm out for revenge Like a nigga tried to murder my kin, I won't bend [Outro: Method Man] Adjust your radio station Let's begin.... Adjust your radio station The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sunz of Man f/ Method Man Album: Sunz of Man (The Last Shall Be First) Song: Collaboration '98 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Johnny Blaze] So what we smoke cancer sticks and weed and all that good shit Fuck the world, word up Sunz of Man, Method Man, True Mast', collabora-tion Chorus: Can't you see my love even though we be with thugs Brothers want grub gotta take it in blood Because is you down or are you down just because Can't you see my love even though we be with thugs Verse One: True Master Yo, when you least expect is when we attack, in fact your format, is not yet suitable for combat Still dissident factions within the Kingdom Campaign desperate attempts to take your freedoms Emphatically, wack strategy, don't impress me Impulsiveness'll only bring you tragedy, test me Descent to the essence quickly, niggaz strictly flip Fuckin with this royal assembly, the Sunz of Man summon me, Chief Administrator of the Law True Master in this hardcore Art of War I explore the depths on conflict and with no pretense found the best strategy the most impressive defense So when you rush to attack, it be I to crush your force and exhaust your whole supply Don't send for reinforcements, give orders for men to maintain they respective borders, or it's a God damn slaughter Verse Two: Method Man Shots in the park, it be on after dark Hungry like the Wolf when the beef starts to cook When push come to shove, we push through the club Pocket full of bud, baby armed with the snub nosed I suppose, you get body-snatched when you doze Recognize your friends from your foes or here lie, another one victimized Left for The Fly, now what size is this? Nigga your size, and I would be much obliged to get a fatter piece of that pie Still got my Eyes on the Prize, and like Gloria I will survive, at war with the warrior Hot with the rhyme.. pennies Turn the heat up, and bend me Prepare for the next milleni' I can't sleep, I'm in the shit knee deep In a race against time, beat your motherfuckin beat Hold your satellite Son, I'm from where you from Same shit different slum, where we about to go ain't no need for the gun, I treat you to a slice when we done, and all minds are one, yo Chorus Verse Three: Hell Razah I be the Rabbi watched by snake eyes as the playa hate rise New York state side to the West side Fuck the best rhyme, best respect mine, from here to Palestine watch Sunz of Man climb I could tell a fake from a handshake for man's sake, the hidden truth I translate til the land quake I plan my escape on the good fan base Strictly satisfaction like the Sunz of Man tape No copy or biting off of what your man make It's 1998, get your own mindstate In 1999 write your own platinum rhymes Can you see my love even though we be with thugs? Yo, words and keyboards we please the Lord Lyrics feed the poor, while the rich receive the sword Couldn't stay in one spot too long, split in fours Told the truth before tours, four artists four doors I rock the concert til my arm hurt, doin God's work while you Star Search, I take your mind to Mars' dirt Uhh, what I said, can you see my love even though we be with thugs? Verse Four: Prodigal Sunn This mathematical rhythmatical mechanism enhances my wisdom Prodigal ? the love Islam keeps me calm from doing you harm, when I attack, it's Vietnam Through CD-ROM, the mega bomb severs the ice in your charm Too late for Salaam, slugs rip through your arm Double lead arm supreme head some fled from the bloodshed Painting many in red, leavin Iranians dead ? , hangin fast on they deathbed Out the window, lyrics flow like hot chemicals Burning competitors, from they ears to they asshole You wanna battle, I seperate your Adam's Apple Crack your skully with a Snapple bottle, on the Apollo Can you read black, ease back, we bleed tracks Breeze through facts, contacts smack your wolfpack Chorus [Johnny Blaze] Hold your satellite Son, I'm from where you from Same shit different slum, where we about to go ain't no need for the gun, I treat you to a slice when we done, and all minds are one, men from the Sun The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sunz of Man f/ Method Man Album: The Last Shall Be First Song: Next Up Typed by: jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us  [ 60 Second Assassin ] I traveled so far Im chewin niggas lyrics for a Mars bar New era, bust em like reign terror So highly Mecca Nas a nigga died and measured The inevitable, beyond the ever so, this deadly technical Scribes get revised in the time before celestial No being or lyric ever hit precise, double sight Take light, through the crypts at night Spark pathetic brains and meteorite Seven heaven verses the seven wonder, lyrics of thunder As lightning strikes snakes out from under Cloudy men drips, sinks Niles of fine mist Worries startin to give, land for the tales out the crypt Of the dark, dead senses, gods of heavenly business Count Dracula told me how to find the eclipse I leave your lip stitched Cause you couldnt mind your business But when it came to this rap, You shouldve vacated the premises Make way for a chilla, guerilla, down low killa Get loopbtin civil, next up  [ Prodigal Sunn ] Yo I believe thats me  [ Trebag ] Aiyyo P get on the mic for the NYC  [ Prodigal Sunn ]  P attack you from the metronome Catch you in your groove home alone Blowin wit the chrome, nigga Im blowin to the bone My title be known, cannibal, dynamical maestro  Sparked and fully hydroed my team of psychos Sell it higher than the Eifel Towers Seconds minutes led the hour, wein the power Spittin bibles, the sunshower, the wise out on the scene They think we forget the dream My aura sheens like morphine in your veins Pastors saying can you and your crew, oooh stand the rain Many men possess the gin in the jungle of sin Deeper than, Sunn chosen others frozen From the explosion, my opposition Protect my team of demolitions, full competition Keep em drinkin Benjin Like some chicken heads on the ground Bite the trey pound for foes that wanna get down Me and my clique sharpen the sound Infiltrate the town town town  [ Trebag ] Next up  [ Hell Razah ] Yo I believe thats me  [ Trebag ] Aiyyo Razah get on the mic for the NYC  [ Hell Razah ] If I could chew glass to this, true master shit check it Hell Razah raise from the dead black Lazaris Hittin ass to this on King Sols mattresses Bust your gat to this, make sure you hold it accurate John the Baptist this dip you wit the fish Aladdin out the genie lamp grant you on your wish Trapped in the studio booth and told the truth You better try a video shoot or get the boot From BK to Beirut we shuttin down groups Gatherin the loot while you mackin in a chicken coop Duck duck goose tie him in a noose Whats the use of havin your troops if you dont put them to use? Yall rappers couldnt blow if a windy storm produce And sung a kiddie song and wore a Power Ranger suit  Salute the first fruit, King David birth root Play the earths flute just before I execute Next up  [ Method Man ] Yo I believe thats me  [ Hell Razah ] Aiyyo Meth lock it down like LAPD  [ Method Man ] While you proceed to cut the mustard, I cut the cheese Mr. Freeze givin cold shoulders to mcs The sickest of disease Johnny Blaze at three hundred and sixty degrees My PLO stees is from here to overseas Guerillas in the mist swingin from the highest trees Bombin enemies See me in the global war being all that I can be Camoflauge fatigue, hard headed major league Got em under seige your battleship in sinkin 20,000 leagues beneath sea level Adjust the trebel on that thang thang got your shovel Can you dig it? Keep talkin bout it while we live it All day, every days a Billie Holiday Lady sings the blues get the street news by the way Have you heard crime pay? Hit your block like that lava that burnt Pompei, mega hot In the melting pot, felt the shot around the world We unstoppable like Juggernaut baby girl Armed and dangerous treat militia, Ill make you famous Camoradiated verbal going through changes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Theodore Unit f/ Method Man, Streetlife Album: 718 Song: The Drummer Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: sample (Ghostface Killah)] I don't want the horns, blowing.. I don't want the streets to play a melody... (yeah, it's hip hop, it's hip hop The mic needs to be a little bit more crystal) I don't want to hear the good time is coming.. Don't want to hear the voices in back of me... (youknowhatI'msaying? Cuz I'm bout to go in) I'm not gonna hear it! I don't want the drummer.. [Ghostface Killah] Awwwww, Meth Tical, yo, you stepped on my corns and shit Got the charm lit, bomb wrist, what type of arm is this? I seen you at the Grammy's with a triple Bar Mitz' Can I kick it? (Hell No!) That's why she got hair in her elbows and she real slow And a, every two weeks she gotta see her P.O She's a disgrace to signs, she fuck it up for Leos Method Man (Toney Starks) the most important M.C. in the whole wide world Is you and you hardly even know it, know it, know it.. [Streetlife] Watch me shock the world, move the masses like a landslide It's a literal stickup, everybody's (hands high) See the bigger, picture, I'm out for the grand prize I'm not a role player, senor, I'm the franchise [Trife Da God] Aiyo, with Trife sweatin', every bullet is life threatenin' And you could get a chest full of slugs in a slight second Yo, my nine milli' pistol's really official So you can Analyze That like DeNiro and Billy Crystal [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, it's Ghost with the sky blue kufi, smashin' groupies Leavin' them fiend out, like New Jack's Pookie Every line is like ninety nine dimes Shrine auditorium rap, aquarium's in my wall in the back [Method Man] Now that you know my name, niggaz know my game If you feel me, then you know my pain I seen you rap dudes done stole my slang, try'nna hold my fame Ain't even strong enough to hold my thang Wanna flow, fuck with me though, baby, I'mma try'nna see dough My squad got them caught in the yard screamin' for C.O Every time we blow, it raise the prize on the padrico Ya'll niggaz shoot your guns like Shaq shootin' a free throw [Trife Da God] Spark the fluid, hop out and park the Buick I got fiends blowin' CREAM like Martha Stewart We on that up north jail shit, harder than steel chips Ya'll niggaz better bail quick, before you inhale clips [Streetlife] Ya'll better get low, before I let the Tec blow Streetlife, I'mma try'nna get more dollars than Kreftlo The whole hood echoes, every time my nine let go Get out of line or steal your life like a klepto [Ghostface Killah] When Biggie died, they came out with Biggie fries Big biscuits got me over, in the streets wide Prada gloves, layin' for thugs, prayin' Drop a bronco buster, G-37 on the rap patient [Method Man] I'mma leave the shit this summer in that H2 Hummer now Mami gotta call your bean ass ay caramba, now Eh boy el loco, oh no, I ain't Yoko My hoes, I keep 'em lookin' good, right, but no dough [Outro: sample] I don't want no horns blowing.. I don't want the -- I don't want the drummer.. I don't want the -- I don't want the drummer.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U-God f/ Method Man, Scotty Wotty Album: The Keynote Speaker Song: Fire Typed by: Cno Evil [Scotty Wotty] George Peppard... I whip cuz I sprung shit, bang, here's a bung hit Cats split your tongue, shit, bitch got cum sick She can keep the knee pads, sign for the helmet Man vibrations, coming off the pelvis Thugs and prescription drugs, yo, where's Elvis? Pull off the panties, she was smelling like a shellfish Gung when we rung shit, that run, here we come, spit Eyes on the gunship, heh, here's your Blistex Here's a spliff twist, hanging out the window like a rhyme smith Now you taking flicks of my footprint Sunshine and dough ride just like a biscuit Live wire, no installation is required, one match, I set the world on fire Live wires, no installation is required, one match, I set the world is fire [Chorus 2X: Scotty Wotty] The God said to put the fire on it The God said to put the fire on it One match, we set the world on fire One match, we set the world on fire [U-God] It's the art of war combat, every move is high tech Human Terminator nigga, plug me into SkyNet Red bone, hot head, burnt down my projects I turn sound into killing flying objects Blood off contracts, kill 'em on contact Yeah, I got bread, dead? Nope, not yet Damn, you ain't pop yet, haters wanna block that Snatch mics, hunchback, talk smack, I punch back Flew off the launchpad, right through your insides Great minds combine, try to study my enzymes Skating on the thin line, fighting for the airtime Push back your hairline, with shots of tequila lime Stay on my global grind, talk with a sober mind Putting in more overtime, til I reach a billion In the condominium, skinny tall Brazilian With so many tats, she looking reptilian [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] My hand hot, killa, curry in the pot, killa Look how these killas thinking they are and they not, killas I get the drop, killa, all the killings, stop, killa My heavy hitters flex on everyone you got witcha This track's not filler, talk with my hands, I'm trynna feel ya It might be the fact that we not familiar Or, not La Familia, a monkey with bars You not gorilla, Zilla, calling you Don, my pen has gotten iller Yeah, you know who we are, you know the slums Where the women keep the wook in they bra, that's where I'm from Cops catch you with the rook in the car, this where you run You can die here, son, and the ambulance never come, ugh Ain't no limit til I spit it, my Yankee fitted Shout out to critics that know I'm wicked for killing minute Shout out to rappers that ain't committed, but think they get it Hold up, now wait a minute, let me put some hating in it [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: U-God f/ Inspectah Deck, Letha Face, Method Man Album: Golden Arms Redemption Song: Rumble Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [U-God] Countdown... Are you ready? Are you mad inside? Got you strapped down to your seats Outta the doorway, bullets ripped, full clip God speed, approach follow my lead Firewinds gust, empire crush Full thrust, fall in the hole, roll wit the rush Untouchable chunk of earwax and soul Soundwaves slay out the back, ?cave? smoke My belly-full prance dance, avalanche quote Down slope, elegant as Fantasia Killer whale tale inhale, black male from Asia All out the wood works, hood shirts and wizards No match, unhatch, the rap is rigid In the shaft, shotty cop, hip hop to the limit Nightwatch, pad mark  Sparks spin a quake nuclear blast, heavy on the cash Gimmie what it takes NOW!! Chorus [U-God] 2x RAGE ROCK ROLL FIGHT BRAWL FALL RUMBLLLLLLEEE!!! [Letha Face] The diabolic witty, dialect's darker than Gotham City Wit the possibilty to stop your walkin ability God forgive me, spark enemies wit pistol grips The missle tip's impact hit you so hard, you shit through your dick Official scripts strikes when physical hits You physical bitch, watch for the imperial blitz, serious shit Submit, subject to the wreck wartone, and thought poems Liver than WWF Warzone Walk upon them Gotti tracks, bodies collapse Rap for lottery stacks, shatter like when pottery cracks Logical facts from the terror dome Spill from the guts, trail to you ?puss? from where you bust In God you now entrust Dog you like hound and mutts, Pound Pups get sound struck Clown what? You'll get drowned in the cut While crowd round up Chorus 2x [Inspectah Deck] Aiyyo yo I spit bars Travellin tremendous speed measurin far Been bustin satellites circlin Mars Verbal onslaught, bring forth physical force Of a hundred wild niggas piled in a Trojan Horse Thought method, set it on generic mic ethic Professional neck shit, left foes beheaded This music, is mind control like computer chips Been doin this for numerous years, refuse to lose it Wit turbo tactics, manuever like a trained soldier Hall of Fame flame thrower, take game, it's game over Ayatollah, high roller nine totter Mind controller, 2009 time folder My coalition, bring the demolition Wu-blade decision, slate the competition, wit no intermission Spittin hazardous darts, up front like Rosa Parks Makin million men march Chorus 2x [Method Man] Yo, who got next? Meth got next I chin check, all these MC's line em up god, I go ? hard Declare holy war, it be hard to dip and dodge Police squads tryin to bogard, we rip and rob The boulevard ain't safe for your kids, that's how it is In the ghetto, we ain't scared to death, but scared to live So Goldy, mosey to the spot, get that moldy Rusty-ass .38 Special, niggas owe me Slowly I turn, face the one and only Naughty By Nature, I Do My Dirt All By My Lonely Ask Pretty Tony, when I got a bitch I keeps a bitch 36 Chambers, Enter at your own risk Take that watch off and tuck your necklace City never sleeps, streets is restless Rap style'll slave you, when you least expect it Pull the plug on your respirator, leave you breathless Wu-Tang forever and a day, better warn your boys I deploy battleship rap, seek and destroy Chorus 2x Artist: U-God f/ Method Man Album: Dopium Song: Wu-Tang Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: U-God] You ain't heard us in a minute, you heard us in a minute, man (Wu-Tang!) I keep banging on you niggas, finger on my trigger, man (Wu-Tang!) [U-God] I love bankrolls, stank hoes, camera shots, Kangols, bangles Pink records, check it, yeah, I make those More paper than Kinko's, check my lingo, bingo On my face, honey, not a wrinkle, trinkle My twinkle twinkle, make your toenails crinkle Twist up a dinkle, and honey, let's mingle, jingle When the nightfall, I'm tight with my white walls The greedy pain, draining on my life force Behold the pale white horse, the hype loss with tight jaws Fight law off, cuz I don't like ya'll Huh, I'm from the tar pits, the hard target to squash the market You're brain washed, watch the starships I make cars flip, Deck bomb atomic, Islamic arms Kiss the comet, this time, he's gone I grip the don, rip arms out the socket, cock it Fly logic, now watch me sky rocket, watch it Hot as the tropic get, bulletproof asaphogus Steel cage confidence, burn it on a floppy disc Swerve the metropolis, my whole team in back of me You just a half of ki, I'm a coke factory [Chorus 2X] [Method Man] Yo, thank god it's Friday, like it's just me and my chick Cruising the highway, she twisting my piff You see I'm living proof that crime pay, the type that go at a bitch The type to shoot the gift, and blow every clip I know this money like the back of my hand, you get the back of my hand Just like a fiend who took a package and ran Po-po be hopping out of passenger vans, harrassing niggas in Park Hill For marked bills, ratchets and grams So I move like I'm ducking a charge, I'm trying to set up shop Get this gwop, get the fuck out of dodge Most my niggas like to puff in the car, most these hoes emotionally scared And keep the works stuffed in they bras This is ghetto rap, where the pot be calling the kettle black My bullets trynna see where they head is at, I'm heading back To the slums, back to the block, I got the Clan on my back And you know we heading back to the top, nigga [Chorus 2X] Artist: Wu-Block f/ Method Man Album: Wu-Block Song: Pull Tha Cars Out Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Sheek Louch (Ghostface Killah)] Wu-Block, yeah, Donnie Yeah, aiyo Ghostface, what up son? (Ain't nothing kid) Yeah (Gorilla hood, nigga) Wu-Block, let's go [Sheek Louch] We make the club jump, every time we walk in this bitch Jewelry shining, you can tell my niggas is rich Rosay and Patron at my throne, women at my feet Staring like they want me to beat This New York rap, I'm on the other side of the map Nine nickel plate strapped with a bitch on my lap Back to back on the FDR, big cigar You can tell there's a star in one of these cars Sheek and Ghostface, yeah, bird on the wrist Mask on face, yeah, gorillas in mist Everybody try but they can't do it like this This Don-Don and Starks, I'm bent and wrote this [Chorus 2X: Sheek Louch] Aiyo, pull the cars out, we getting money over here The bottles on the table, the weed in the air The women staring at us, them haters ice grilling Wu-Block, you know we in the building [Ghostface Killah] Every hood spot, they know me Loyal females who can't just give me the twat, they show me Like I'm a big stockbroker on Wall Street, I said nah I'm that big drug dealer from 4E Alot of guacamole, know alot of parolees Swung in front of lotta these delis eating cannolis I stay on the front line, like private events in airports And live by the code, I'mma bust mine Word, Tone Stark, shorty wop got her tongue in my ear Don't get a stain on my ball sharp Light skin, said she a Virgo Said she love my robe game and my bird, yo A baby Ghost appear from the blunt smoke And linger through her hair and set into her clothes Her bag fell and saw a .38 snub nose I stole that and still fucked her when the club closed [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] [Chorus: Sheek Louch] [Method Man] Buck fifty on your face, hundred stacks on the car I spend a rack today, get that rack back tomorrow I'm a Cash Ruler, Ruler Zig Zag Allah Get my money off the hook, like I'm Abdul-Jabbar Get my money off the book, like Steve Harv' and frauds Act hard but they isin't, they think like a man But they back like they women, I never trust a broad With that In God We Trust, only trust in God Look at me, I'm what these little haters wanna be I'm your man, fifty grand, that keep it a hundred G I'm that block on fire, it's like a hundred and three Rappers come a dime and dozen, but they don't come into please You finally meet a few rats, when you come in with cheese And the people you come up with, they become enemies We got the city under siege Where the tightest ladies wear the tightest dungarees [Chorus: Ghostface Killah] [Chorus: Sheek Louch] Artist: Wu-Block f/ Method Man Album: Wu-Block Song: Stella Typed by: Cno Evil [Ghostface Killah] Stay dip, cute bitch out in Delaware, moving our bricks So hard, stupid big stones from Miss Stella ear She just turn 35, we in the spot on Martin Luther King Drive Whole team getting high, on phones We learned different codes of pig Latin So the jakes don't follow our trail with sick patterns And the crib is jig, Jennifer convertible love seat That's worth forty G's from Madrid In Spain, sipping cherry Cosmo's and things Stella, finish the glass, showing niggas her rings I said bitch, I ain't impressed with that Why the fuck is every briefcase short by at least ten stacks We had a mil' in each bag, there's eighty grand missing You pop up with a new Jag', with a bad system I done sent your ass to Hawaii and Waikiki When your man needed bail, you'll come see me Rob me? That's how we do? You pretty slick muthafucka You must think I'm a sucker Matter fact, you gon' suck this dick, how bout that for a change Let me see what's really on your brain She said 'Starkey, you violating me, stop it' I saved up for this shit, you playing me like a hostage Out of all people, I wheeled you around, when you got shot Be the closest one too you, and may I rot In hell, yo Starks, chill, I don't think she that stupid Since '90, '95, she came through, kid Two million in six weeks, cover six space Just to think of those towns alone, we brought a big steak [Sheek Louch] But it still don't change the job Aiyo, Tone, who this silly bitch trynna rob Niggas been getting money, since pushing a Saeb In the spot writing rhymes, never heard of a blog Is it that coincidental? That the same rental Be out in Virginia and DC, before she come see me I'm ready, put this hammer in her face in 3D I know that's your home girl, but fuck it, on GP And I don't like her brother, either, he probably put her up to it Give me the word and I go empty his fluid Shady? I been bagging up since 1980 Me and Ghost been tight, since Fred met Grady, lady So what you telling me? My account is off? Oh you must really muthafucking think we that damn soft [Method Man] Hold on, yo, Sheek, what you gon' do? Cut her whole hand off? Put a pillow over her face, and let the four bang off? Or we can get the gat taping so the hoe can't talk Before we get the whole story cut this whole thing short I don't think that's wise at all, whatever honey do with her money, dog That's not my problem, why is it yours? Wu-Block, you riding for mine, I'm riding for yours That's the motto if you talking bout homicide, my lord It's survival, homey, you ain't never lied, my lord But the Pretty Toney baby ain't never lied before That's a hundred lucci, word to Bully, I smoke too many loosies I know her history, if something fishy, must be the coochie It ain't no mystery, your finger itchy, if she a groupie Once you go up, once you go down, let's keep it Gucci You take her head, I take all the jewelry from all these moolies Get all your goonies, and we can meet up for Call of Duty Ain't nothing funny like Paul Mooney, this fatal beauty Got some explaining to do, hold up, I thought you knew me Better than that, we know the cheddar was tapped You getting bread in the trap, why get in bed with them rats My son is missing some racks, and Louch is fitting to snap She need to come up with answers, instead of fixing her mack Makeup, just give the facts, straight up, and just the facts If you did it, we gon' bury you with it, and that's that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ Method Man Album: Na Na Na Na 12" Song: Na Na Na Na (Remix) Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, Cno Evil [Hook: 112] I wanna see you Rock that ass, rock that ass Rock that ass, rock that ass Work your body (Body) Work your body (Body) Work your body (Body) Work your body (Body) Change positions (Yeah), change positions (Yeah) New position (I want a ) new position (girl) Twerk it for me (Yeah), twerk it for me (Come on) Twerk it for me shorty, twerk it for me [112] Come a little closer baby Girl I wanna feel you body Please ya right next to me We can be the life of the party I just wanna let you know I love the way you're movin' Never wanna let you go Never wanna stop the music [Chorus: 112] Girl, na na na Little girl what you're doin' to me Girl, you're lookin' so sexy When you're doin' that dance for me Hey, we goin' na na na You don't know what you're doin' to me Girl, you're lookin' so sexy When you're doin' that dance for me [112] Ooh, now that I've got you baby You know we gotta keep it sexy Touchin' all over me Baby, it's ecstasy Lady, won't you take my hand Let's go to V.I.P. I don't think you understand What you are doin' to me [Hook] [Method Man] Yo, I got my mind made up, come on, you can get it Five five kitted and a set of keys with it I talk like I live it, til you walk like I hit it Even handcuff your wizes for a conjugle visit No, better yet, say I make you queen for a day Yes, first draft pick on my team, wanna play? Because I play to win, but when the games begin Some women pretend, even say they on they friend Uh-uh, no she didn't (God, yes, she did!) Can you learn how I live, and don't address me kid Your numbers on my hit list, mother, I'm the shit Ma, scream if you with this, I cut you like a fish The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Daz, Kurupt, Method Man, Redman Album: All Eyez On Me Song: Got My Mind Made Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Daz You find an MC like me who's strong Leavin motherfucker's aborted, with no verbal support And when I command the microphone I gets deadly as Kahn though With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those  Who can withstand, the mo' power I gain and make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck ya brain Imagine and keep on wishin upon a star Finally realizing who the fuck we are When I penetrate, it's been withstandin, faded would it be the greatest MC of all time When I created rhyme for the simple fact When I attack I crush your pride My intention to ride, every time all night I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar for me to put down my guard, I'm faced with it, I'm a ride breakin in gas with the six-eight all day In and out with my pay I'm soon to count the bodies... Verse Two: Tupac So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation So you can be more familiar with tha nigga you facin We must be based on nothin better than communication Known to damage and highly flamable like gas stations Sorry I left that ass waitin No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that asss shakin I'm bustin and makin motherfuckers panic Don't take ya life for granted put that ass in the dirt You swear the bitch was planted My lyrics motivate the planet It's similar to Rhythm Nation but thugged out, forgive me Janet Who's in control I'm acvtivatin yo souls You know, the way the games get controlled Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind Bear witness to the dopest fuckin rhyme I wrote Takin off my coat, clearing my throat Chorus: Method Man I got my mind made up, come on... [come on] get in get in too [get on it] let it ride [get wit it] tonight's tha night I got my mind made up, come on... get in get in too let it ride... tonight's tha night Verse Three: Kurupt Well I comes through with two packs of the bomb prophalaks for protection So my fuckin sac won't collapse Cause nowaday's, shit's evading the x-rays Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's shows my heart's as cold as the tundra Electryfing like thunder, I'm just too much Rough and raw with that motherfuckin poisonous touch I'm an MC with lyrics that's tha fuckin bom-bay Ya got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay My rhymes, I leave a mark on ya mind As the deadly vibes spread through ya head like sand pine There's no escape, nah I ain't blastin I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin Opposed to laughin, raw maniacal villian Laughter enhances the chances of tha killin Why is that? Cuz smilin faces decieve You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease My thoughts rip ya throat and make it hard to breathe Ya whole camp's under seige, and I'm Jason Vorhees In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes My verbal snipe, your vocab on site I'm out tha cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all So all my rhymes hit and split tha bricks on the wall Ya already have an idea about tha superior sphere The greater rhyme creator on both sides of tha equator I rock from here to there, to Philly and back To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat Verse Four: Method Man Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers like Hitler, stickin up [jews] wit german [lugers] The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle Will be back after this mess-age don't touch tha dial Rarely do you see an MC out for justice Got my gun powder and my musket -- blaooow!! Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen Half of my Clan's three deep felons Niggaz best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel Man I stay on point like icicles Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical All up in your motherfuckin mouth Head banger boogie Catch me on tour with Al Doogie Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me Better take one and pass or that's that ass Your vital statistics are low and fallin fast Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast Verse Five: Redman Aiyyo, lyrical gas spittin tha criminal tactics Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards Let's face it, there's no replacement Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with Avalanche on ya whole camp when I'm splifted Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted I got connects like Federal Express to get the fresh package of bless, tha dogs can't fetch Got the clear spot from tha rear block to bust til every nigga here drop, men I fear not Hold ya nose and blow out til ya ears pop Since ya crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot With, this underground cannabis I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst Then proceeds like keys My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's Lick off a shot and hit ya fam by mistake So I erase the whole front row at the wake I planned my escape in case jake or a snake bust it I'm the one pushin the hearse in the first place Confidence for you shaky ass folks Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked choke, off this anecdote got you ope Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Coly  And I'm out for nine nickel [INS tha rebels] [West, list this, this, this...] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Tha Dogg Pound, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Redman Album: Got My Mind Made Up 12" Song: Got My Mind Made Up (Original Version) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Cno Evil * Inspectah Deck's verse was cut from the retail version of "All Eyez On Me" [Daz Dillinger] You find an MC like me who's strong Leavin motherfucker's aborted, with no verbal support And when I command the microphone I gets deadly as Kahn though With a bear and a snake and a panda, I'm on those Who can withstand, the mo' power I gain and make it possible for me to drop a few to wreck ya brain Imagine and keep on wishin upon a star Finally realizing who the fuck we are When I penetrate, it's been withstandin, faded would it be the greatest MC of all time When I created rhyme for the simple fact When I attack I crush your pride My intention to ride, every time all night I'm faced with the scars beyond this one bar for me to put down my guard, I'm faced with it, I'm a ride breakin in gas with the six-eight all day In and out with my pay I'm soon to count the bodies... [2Pac] So mandatory my elevation my lyrics like orientation So you can be more familiar with tha nigga you facin We must be based on nothin better than communication Known to damage and highly flamable like gas stations Sorry I left that ass waitin No more procrastination give up to fate, and get that ass shakin I'm bustin and makin motherfuckers panic Don't take ya life for granted put that ass in the dirt You swear the bitch was planted My lyrics motivate the planet It's similar to Rhythm Nation but thugged out, forgive me Janet Who's in control I'm acvtivatin yo souls You know, the way the games get controlled Yo, two years ago, a friend of mine Told me Alize and Cristal blows your mind Bear witness to the dopest fuckin rhyme I wrote Takin off my coat, clearing my throat [Chorus: Method Man] I got my mind made up, come on... (come on) get in get in too (get on it) let it ride (get wit it) tonight's tha night I got my mind made up, come on... get in get in too let it ride... tonight's tha night [Kurupt] Well I comes through with two packs of the bomb prophalaks for protection So my fuckin sac won't collapse Cause nowaday's, shit's evading the x-rays Sending young motherfuckers to an early grave I wonder, if my terrifying tactics of torturing MC's shows my heart's as cold as the tundra Electryfing like thunder, I'm just too much Rough and raw with that motherfuckin poisonous touch I'm an MC with lyrics that's tha fuckin bom-bay Ya got dissed, that's before it's ingest like balmay My rhymes, I leave a mark on ya mind As the deadly vibes spread through ya head like sand pine There's no escape, nah I ain't blastin I use my mental to assassinate assassin's for those askin Opposed to laughin, raw maniacal villian Laughter enhances the chances of tha killin Why is that? Cuz smilin faces decieve You best believe, to MC's I'm the deadliest disease My thoughts rip ya throat and make it hard to breathe Ya whole camp's under seige, and I'm Jason Vorhees In the heat of the night is when I defeat and ignite mikes My verbal snipe, your vocab on site I'm out tha cut, uncut and raw with no clause for all So all my rhymes hit and split tha bricks on the wall Ya already have an idea about tha superior sphere The greater rhyme creator on both sides of tha equator I rock from here to there, to Philly and back To LA on the spot where I rock and bust like straps As your views get overshadowed when you come in contact Beware, set and prepare to enter verbal combat [Method Man] Fuck you losers, while you fake jacks I makes maneuvers like Hitler, stickin up *Jews* wit German *lugers* The Mr. Meth-Tical from Staten Isle Will be back after this mess-age don't touch tha dial Rarely do you see an MC out for justice Got my gun powder and my musket -- blaooow!! Melons get swellings, I paint mental pictures like Magellen Half of my Clan's three deep felons Niggaz best protect they joints for Nine-Nickel Man I stay on point like icicles Now who wanna test Tical then touch Tical All up in your motherfuckin mouth Head banger boogie Catch me on tour with Al Doogie Method Man roll too tight, you can pull me Better take one and pass or that's that ass Your vital statistics are low and fallin fast Johnny Blaze out to get loot like Johnny Cash Play a game of Russian Roulette and have a blast [Redman] Aiyyo, lyrical gas spittin tha criminal tactics Non-believers get my dick and genitals backwards Let's face it, there's no replacement Taste this, mad underground basement, shit I'm laced with Avalanche on ya whole camp when I'm splifted Funk Doctor who? Spock bitch don't get it twisted I got connects like Federal Express to get the fresh package of bless, tha dogs can't fetch Got the clear spot from tha rear block to bust til every nigga here drop, men I fear not Hold ya nose and blow out til ya ears pop Since ya crew suit you to shift now you claim that you get's lot With, this underground cannabis I'm dangerous like John the bomb analyst Then proceeds like keys My degrees freeze consecutively like EPMD LP's Lick off a shot and hit ya fam by mistake So I erase the whole front row at the wake I planned my escape in case jake or a snake bust it I'm the one pushin the hearse in the first place Confidence for you shaky ass folks Pump for Rockafella for the day he got smoked choke, off this anecdote got you ope Get roast, by my lyrics Billy Dee .45 Colt And I'm out for nine nickel [Inspectah Deck] I set the mic in flames, my name's INS the Rebel Murder one style, smash piles straight to pebbles Mental terrorist, specialist at this Menacing lyricst, leave crews defenseless Can't design landmines, lick off like nines To paralyze everything, ears ring like doorknobs Heads start to turn like police who pass Hear the blast, my crew bust through like tear gas Fuck a mask, we laced in place like the marshall Sparkle, like live but harder than tarvue Wreck this rhyme, start relentless, roughest And fuck up the party for you paying muthafuckas Once I commence for you ladies and gents I kick rhymes, sharper than barbwire fence The live and direct, from Killah Hill Project Staten Island, New York, you can't help but to hawk Lay it on your dental, that's if you want it hostile Sounds so underground I write my rhymes on fossil Dudes like this, force me to get you open Lyrically wet you open, until you soaking The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ashanti f/ Method Man, Paul Wall Album: Collectables Song: Still on It Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Paul Wall] There can be only one Swisha house Ashanti Pall Wall what it do Murder Inc. It's the Houston hard hitter out the seven one three It's the people's champ, Paul Wall yea that's me Come take a ride with the player out the Lone Star State I'm just a hustler on the grind no forgettin that cake I came up from the bottom now I reside form the top I used to run away from the cops so now its Benzes I cop I used to pump stuff on the block like Yao Ming on that paint But now I pimp the parking lot drivin slow and sippin drink Wit Ashanti on my side as I glyde like Clyde Ain't nothin less than wit twenty-fo's on my side It's just somethin 'bout the way I tip fo's and grip grain And got the boppers on the sideline goin insane I got 'em on it, my mackin game is out of control But I don't know if it's my looks or my big bank roll I'm tweny-fo' years old wit a mouth all gold My game's cold and the story's been told, it's Paul Wall baby [Ashanti] See I dunno why (why) I'm feelin just the way I do (do) It's been a long time (time), I thought that I was over you But now you coming around again, I be remembering what you said I just can't take it, and I don't wanna go back (oh no) [Chorus - Ashanti] What is a girl to do if she still on it? (Yes) And she done been there before with you, and now she don't want it (Yes) It's been time and time again, I just wish this thing would end, tell me What is a girl to do if she still on it? [Ashanti] Whenever we talked (talked), it feels like we had something strong (strong) And knowin it's wrong (wrong), we tried to do this thing before But when you coming real close to me, bringing back all the memories I just can't fake it (fake it), but I don't wanna go back (Oh no) [Method Man] Ah, yea Auntie Ashanti is a problem, the track is a problem The best thing rockin since that Cotton came to Harlem Meth darling, I'm like that Hershey with the almond And I don't beg for nothin but your pardon They start and I finshed, my animals is starvin for dentist Straight up menace, y'all don't get involved in my business Look eyewitness, spotted like a blemish all gimmick I'm fifty-nine, fiffty authentic Tilted wit that NY on it, this money till be made and I want it See my palm been itchin for the longest But scratch that paper like NASDAQ we laugh at like Roll the dice, get the cash back, I'm nice Plus I got the juice so I go well wit ice Been drug tested three times failed it twice Ashanti you doin it big, don't hurt 'em auntie Matter fact you killin 'em girl, you murder mami Yea, yea Hahahaha Yea This little somethin for your eardrums Paul Wall, Swisha House Method Man, Wu-Tang Ashanti, the one and only princess Hahahahaha yea We get back at you in two-thousand six It's Murder Fo' life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Beatnuts f/ Method Man Album: Se Acabo 12"/Tash's "Rap Life" bonus disc Song: Se Acabo (Remix) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Method Man] Beatnuts, Mista Mef, you know how we do "Se Acabo" [Ju Ju] Free drinks on the house, word Everybody drinkin tonight (WHAT DA DEALLY?) Por ahi viene el perro, por ahi viene Cae la gorda por... Yo check it out Swing a bat on you like the devil himself Put it on us, sickness or health Makin you could only breathe wit help I ain't playin, you don't wanna hear what you sayin yourself Hit the street wit incredible beats We reknowned for tearin it down Never have you heard a similar sound Like a drop off when shit pop off, feel a hot one Side scorching from a hot gun Niggas get lost in the buildings wit money and the children Not the type to talk too much and catch feelin Dominican flag over the bed on the ceiling Protect everything I rep, that's the first thing Many things follow, bullet stay hollow You actin like we don't chew, you can't swallow Niggas try to change my plans, I'ma beat you till I break my hands Ju the German every place I stand ("Se Acabo") [Method Man] All day everyday ("Se Acabo") mothafuckers! Step up front! What's goin on? [Psycho Les] Aiyyo it's Big Psych, baby you don't want no problems Suckers want war, then yo bomb em Bring the heat, squeeze the flame torch Then peel out in a convertible gray Porsche I'm three miles ahead of you, I took the plates off Just in case your snitch wanna get paid off Pull out the chainsaw, it's A Musical Massacre Cut the head off the driver and the passenger Sic my dogs after ya, have you climbin a tree Just another crime in the street Ain't nuttin better than findin a beat So if you find that and try to blow my spot up  ("You!") Get shot up "Se Acabo" Means "It's Over" bro, Method Man on the remix, it's over yo "Se Acabo" Beatnuts flip the beat, it's over yo "It's a Beatnuts thing, yo you know how that go" [O.C.] [Method Man] What kind of Beatnut am I? Spanish Fly, P-O-P-P-I (Who got the live special guest for the night?) Excuse me as I kiss the sky Yo one on one through the nasal To put food on the table, I Rush Associated Labels Huh, ready, willing and able to rock cradle And rock steady, when I get the drop I drop heavy Twist the metal, mask the machette The god don't want beef, he want veggie Plus signs over Deadly Medley Who got em gassed on his own Getty Battery back, he Eveready Now what's fuckin wit that ha? Not you, you chocha I fuck wit Beatnuts, Livin La Vida Loca! Callate la boca, see the Spanish Fly on the sofa One word, he slap you wit the toaster Keep it in the holster on safety Put yourself in timeout, playin wit this dough, let me find out You ain't hard to find though, barrel on your tonsils Sigan hablando y siga mamando "Se Acabo" "Se Acabo" All day everyday "Se Acabo" No doubt What the fuck's goin on? Worldwide! (Beatnuts)Write your own rhymes "Se Acabo" Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah "Se Acabo" All you punk niggas walk it off, "Se Acabo" wordup We ain't playin over here yamean "Se Acabo" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Method Man Album: The Tunnel Song: True Typed by: BombLBstreetS@aol.com  [Meth] Jeeeez! Now right You know you dead wrong Yo know... Turn me up, turn me up Jab me with a fuckin' spoon You know you dead wrong For this one right here baby, for real Yo, yo, yo Another day, another dollar Sharks wanna bite don't bother 'Cause this rhymes the truth, and The truths hard to swallow Don Dada, hard act to follow See Rockwilder with the iced out dog collar My crew want it all This bout is scheduled for one fall We can build or we can brawl Yes y'all, last call for alchahol, damn! Monkey wrench fuckin' up the whole program Chorus:   [Meth] Ooh Them don't no have to respect me Ooh Them don't no have to come correctly Ooh Can't hear nothin' but the music I'm slippin' Big head nigga's don't listen Hot N-I-X, my complex got a complex Livin' in apartment complex I'm cashin' chin checks every first and fifteenth Failed my urinalasist, they threw me in the clink 5-0's can't stop the pot roll, Jonny Still Blaze, send young mc's to the potty Its side ways nine fifteen Be aware of the fatal flyin' guilintines Are you prepared? Chorus: Ooh Them don't no have to respect me Ooh Them don't no have to come correctly Ooh Time flow constantly the way time flow I live by the code, style is mad P.L.O. My crew swarm in, tell a bitch please Didn't mama tell you about the birds and the bees? Especially them killa's Girls night out with gorrillas (Meth acting like monkey) Too slow ya' blow catterpilla Son got game And he pack a Rosco, ?fleat coal? train Player we ain't playin' Crush assossiated labels, don't let me in, I push my way in... (Meth interupts with coughing) As I was sayin', I push my way in, fuck it How many suffered  For this Hip-Hop, if I can't see it, can't trust it Tic-toc when will that fake shit stop? Flip flop battery go dead in the clock Chorus: Ooh Them don't no have to respect me Ooh Them don't no have to come correctly Ooh Can't hear nothin' but the music I'm slippin' Big head nigga's don't listen Stapleton, the wild west Park Hill Port Richmond, Now Born jungle nill We dumbin', stunnin', bartender keep em comin Nigga's with alchahol problems, a hundred miles and runnin', yeah Meth, I came here for crooks but I'm still here Called me every name in the book but I'm still here What up doc? This Looney Toon got 'em shell shocked Anvils droppin' out the sky once my hand cock Back, I check you in to the smack down hotel, while everythings black I'm like the cast in Belly I don't know how to act on wax Rockwilder bring it on back Chorus: Ooh Them don't no have to respect me Ooh  Them don't no have to come correctly Ooh Time flow constantly the way time flow I live by the code, style is mad P.L.O. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black-Ty (Tyrese) f/ Method Man Album: Alter Ego Song: Get it In Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Method Man] Scott Storch! {*echoes*} Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you! The alter ego himself, Black-Ty Girl, gon' get it in [Chorus 2X: Black-Ty + Method Man] Girl get that ass on the flo', gon' get it in Drink some'n, smoke some'n, gon' get it in Lean to the left and the right, gon' get it in Do whatever you like, just gon' get it in [Black-Ty] Walk up in the club and I got two dimes on my arms Haters are grillin but they ain't gon' do no harm So, let me do what I came to do I got, to but I'm lookin fo' a whole new crew who used to, doin it the way I do And if you're ugly I ain't fuckin wit'chu Pimpin ain't easy but if it's wrong I don't wanna be right I'm leavin here with plenty of 'em tonight It's Black-Ty with the M-E-T-H-O-D, Man Storch on the beat, of course we gon' win Understand I'm a grown ass man in the buildin Hoes catch feelings cause they love how I get it in [Method Man] Yo, listen I'm like Gil Scott shootin at shit Last poet with that +Heron+ but this time, I'm shootin that get Check my paperwork, I'm movin legit I got this chick boostin my fits, amazin what she do to a dick Oh yeah it's Wu bitch, pass me a spliff Staten Island back in the mix, big boss nigga crackin the whip Ain't no problem, I'm a master at this These silly rappers is really actors who swag jackers yappin they lips (John John!) Next MC, I believe that's me Top model in the bottle of VSOP It's guaranteed I'm a problem to a S.O.B. And you can put half of that on yo' momma and the rest on me Gon' get it in [Interlude: Method Man] Damn, I thought I told you You can lead a horse through water But you can't make 'em drink trick Black-TY! WHAT! Gon' get it in [Black-Ty] Where all my smokers at? {*inhales*} Gon' get it in It's poppin up in V.I.P. so go and tell a friend Platinum status, official hoe mag-a-net Fake thugs with Don Juan jux, I'm not havin it You find me up in V.I.P. Chillin in the back with a sexy-ass Puerto Rican mami Watch me get busy up on these hoes And my niggaz got ten apiece, we ready to goooo [Method Man] Yeah, yeah, Method Man and Black-Ty "Is niggaz that fly?" Man do peas got black eyes? Bitch recognize, grab your purse and let's ride Look at Mr. Meth with your ex in the Rex-5 Man I can't lie, be advised big pimpin about to start If this chick wanna back-talk, ERRRT, get out and walk Don't slick talk, with women I like 'em feminine Skin color cinnamon, mami now gon' get it in (get it in) [Outro: Method Man] Yeah, Method Man, Black-Ty Scott Storch on the beat Aiyyo Ty, my brother Scream at your frog my dude, anytime Aight +Baby Boy+? Ah-ha ha ha ha ha You ain't know I was gon' sneak that in there on you Did you Jodi? Hahahaha, yeah y'all Ha-ha, gon' get it in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Method Man Album: Love & Life * Song: Love at First Sight Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com * first single [Mary J. Blige] Lookin' at you from a distance Gettin' all of my attention Could this be love at first sight, baby You walked away and I missed you Visions of wanting to kiss you How could this be if I don't really know you? Ohh baby, baby [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] Could it be love at first sight? And I never knew that I, could fall in love on the very first night Could this be love? [Mary J. Blige] You had on the latest fashion It was a bigger distraction It drew me closer and closer to you, yeah, baby I never saw anything like this But you I just could not resist I swallowed my pride and stepped through your side Or could it be - be [Hook: Mary J. Blige] I wanna know if you could call me up (could you call me up sometime? please) And maybe somebody we just might hook up, could this love at first sight? [Method Man] Once again, it's that other M&M now How many women feelin' him? Somebody call the coroner, quick, Mary is killin 'em Tell 'em what's the 411 and who came runnin' When Clef dialed 911 from shots comin' This somethin' for the radio, guest starring M.C. Johnny Blazin' the hip hop and R&B What, ya'll thought ya wasn't gon' see me You can't spell Mary J. Blige without a J.B. Well back to the matter, and it's sex on the platter She only wanna be happy and I ain't mad at her You go momma, nowadays, I'm more calmer And if you take a look at my life, no more drama Now you know, you searchin' for a Wu-Tang pro You find me, just bout everywhere the poontang go Now you know, feel me like your favorite love song Cuz my computer love is the thetruth.com [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Boyz II Men f/ Treach, Craig Mack, Busta Rhymes, Method Man Album: Vibin 12" Song: Vibin (The New Flava) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Treach Hey boo! Yeah did you remember the tip of tender fender bender from last September you let me enter the center so we went through the Winter? Then we had a little prob, now we let it solve Now you think that you get robbed, if you're givin bod Well I'm stickin to the kitten cause it's hittin the only way I be splittin if you pick it for money and trick it You wanna dip, this is the brick you pick So you ain't dismissed until both sets of lips kiss It's the mother number one the phunky Phillified The chilly side, Boyz II Men and women with the illy vibe So until it's 9090 Just vibe with me and smile like your, wife behind me Too high to get over (yeah yeah) Too low to get under (yeah yeah) Too high to get over (yeah yeah) Too low to get under... ...army with harmony Chorus: Boyz II Men We're just, vibin Groovin, vibin We're just, vibin Groovin, vibin Verse Two: Craig Mack (Puff Daddy in the background) [That's right] Just move it on down And you came to feel the flav [Bad Boy, Bad Boy] Haa! We just vibe to the beat [That's right] The Mackalicious funk flav [Gotta get the cash] Ah one two y'all! [Gotta get, gotta get the dough] Craig Mack's got a lot in store for MC's so please listen Fake rappers stop booin and hissin My shit's the bomb, like nitroglycerin Electrifying, if I said I wasn't I'd be lying On the fader, from here to Grenada Dope demonstrater creator of the force like hey Darth Vader You imitator, I'm greater than your data MC's run up so then they pack this doggie bag for later I'm the, wisdom-mystical Hyper-scientifical Do your typical write rhymes get loaded take a miracle to lyrical whip, the word dick on the side tip Rhymes to flip, Hercules ain't got a tighter grip Whoever said that you couldn't be beat? Well have a seat Grab a spoon, taste some defeat I shake MC's down directly to the ground Boyz II Men make the world go round Chorus 2X Verse Three: Busta Rhymes How ya feel? Party people, how ya feel? Let me know if everything remains real! Word up! Tell me how ya feel! I feel good tonight, talk to me tell me how do ya feel so that everything's alright Word is bond! Busta Rhymes keep it comin one time for your mind Flip Mode y'all, yo WHOOOO! That music feel my cool breeze Make you bang your head from hear to overseas, now! You feel the charge that we be generatin, conversatin Always get taken by vibes that be penetratin I make you feel the sensation like we come into the last days of Revelation, sometimes that's how we be vibin Yes I'm gonna keep you smilin Hit you then I take you on a ride just like Coney Island One two three it's simply you and me While you listen I MC Blow your mind and make you really want to par-ty Ohh ohh! Take those bars and keep em swingin Ohh! Sometimes it makes me want to start singin But I keep on bringing ... ... and swinging you better believe I keep your bells ringing Feel the motion and the magic potion while we in the dancehall With Boyz II Men we bring the universal vibe y'all! Chorus 2X Bring the universal vibe y'all One time, Flip Mode is forever Y'all get down and feel my thing Guaranteed to make your fat butt swing One time while I get on Verse Four: Method Man Here come that real rap shit Criminology, yeah I mentally stab your brain with the pain While other brothers spit mad game I spit flames You know my fuckin name, write joints with Mary J. Johnny Blaze get methed right because it pays Life insurance indeed as we proceed To give the track menstraul cramps until it bleeds Who the bad guy? It's I, the chinky eye Knotty-head, rugged MC, from N.Y. City, my whole rap committee get busy My roots date back to Kizzy, now ask who is he? Lady sings the blues then, I take it as a gem That's able to raise Boyz II Men A thousand, young black kids from out the housing projects, ready to catch wreck, Ticallion The center of attraction, guaranteed satisfaction Stop the yappin make it happen baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capleton f/ Method Man Album: Wings of the Morning 12" Song: Wings of the Morning (Dynamik Duo Mix) * * any corrections should be sent to wevarner@access.digex.net Intro: Capleton And so great is a man goin to be praised Selassie I liveth everytime I say Jah shall execute judgment and justice and none shall escape or get mercy, what me say Selassie I liveth everytime, what me say Chorus: Boy you coulda put on the wings of de morning and fly There is no escape from King Selassie I Dwellin in de uttermost depths of the sea There is no escape from his Majesty Verse One: A long time he a tell you bout the dirty slavery A long time he a tell you bout the brutality A long time he a tell you bout the H.I.M. prophecied Me warn you, bout recent monarchy Me warn you, all bout the black liberty Me warn you, all bout we equality Me warn you, all bout Marcus Garvey Me beg you, have fi love his Majesty Selassie I, soul that kept me Selassie I, power a di trinity And X amount of nation bow down 'pon them knee No stop from beg, and dem no stop from pleas and nowhere to run and there is no-where Chorus Verse Two: Method Man Here come that rudebwoy shit, criminology legit Legalize dope to get me mega-rich Selassie I We can all get by if we unify Gettin chinky eye off the stimuli, blazin the cut And all that good stuff, six-three walk with a strut On these New York streets like baby what Anything can happen, it usually does I'm from Staten, the Island, peep me on G-Street, Ticallion Everything is real ain't nuttin fronted Counterfeit rapper haffa bungee He's in it for the munties, M-O-N-E-Y But you can't take it witcha when you die, Selassie high Verse Three: Capleton If ya open up de wings an tell dem fi exit Cause no anti-Christ an naw gon worship Ay Selai for the righteous but di wicked affi perish With dem religion and dem whole poli-tricks Half the people dem a turn and half the people dem a twist Now shoot dem, another ear-trick done perish Get M some 16 and some rusty-matic After the whole of them from gone then push up them fists Leave the ship them a strip, you must get punish Cyann escape your judgment, stand up oh boy Chorus So ahh, and one of these day When you hear a voice say come Where you gonna run too, ohhhh woyyyy I said they gonna run to the rock and mountain but there will be no rock, no rock They're gonna run to the rocks and mountain but there will be no rock, so what we say Verse Four: Method Man Wu-Tang Clan's in the area, Capleton's in the area We got Shaolin in the area Big up yourself black man, my brothers Hell is the plan for the other, discover, discover, discover, c'mon, c'mon New lands for you man and your family Reminisce on back in the days, can it be it was all so simple then, we all kin And black-skinned, original Don set the trend Let's be men, if not for us, then for the babies The little ones the revolution has now begun [Put on put on the wings of the morning and fly   There is no escape from King Selassie I!!] Outro: Method Man Now, owwww, everybody Get in where you fit in For nine-five, the nine-nickel Cold as an icicle, Method Man Capleton, representing Dynamic Duo on the track The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Channel Live f/ Method Man Album: Armaghetto Song: Ghetto B.I. Typed by: smoke_dawg112@hotmail.com * * send corrections directly to the typist [Method Man] Yeah ha.. we vibin' Channel livin' all day ha c'mon Yo its me the m-e-t-h uh o-d ???? Sniff a whole key My coke deep Be my consciouss tellin me it dont make sense Then guard his nonsense A niggas best defense is his offense So yo I watch po po And duck a dodo Birdies in them gogo's Trying to steal my mojo Oh no your'e fuckin with a pro Who go for dolo For sure though A season veteran holy a (dobo???) Come on now judge judy Youre televised through our vision While I black you get imprisoned When my eyes see through your eyes Your hypnotized Subconsciously you change the station to channel live That underground hard-core sound who said it'd die Cause if it is me and my nine's The first to ride For my niggas Live by the fire die by the flame Happy im gone knowin my son's gonna be the same As his dough-diggy dog that Who put his feelings on a pamphlet A pen unleash the dragon again uh Im on ya like hot grease on a skillet Gorillas on real tv because they feel us [Verse 2] I'm livin like a hundred in a jeep stolen Wools in sheeps clothng All beef frozen Bust like cheap trojans Nautrally rollin blunts and weed smokin We keep chokin Bitches on they knees open I spit like a automatic semi barking part And if you hear me starin blame the remmy martin So liquor shots ghetto people Dutches and c-lo's duckin the repo For fuckin them lady c-o's Rhymes blind devine (evol??) Smoked out in the cadillac regal With a mommy on my beecho Theres eight million stories Only six million ways to die Theres two million niggas getting away with crime Theres two million more whack niggas tryin to rhyme Now theres four million niggas tryin to eat at one time It keeps the thugs gunnin in the blood runnin And the judge frontin Enough to make nigga touch something Niggas fuckin with that strick-nine The models get mine So we gonna be big time Its ghetto buisness Niggas jack cars and rap stars Rockin the cash bars Bitches dancin naked on their lap Its ghetto buisness Niggas hold guns Hot ones steakin' the biscut Ghetto nigga soft cores is ghetto business Yo, drinks and weed son Never seeds son I got what you need son Its all ghetto business [Verse 3] Yo this is for the senile Walking on the green mile My lyrics be like the spirit of a teen gone wild Shit is after ten bitch wheres your child With a nine in his pocket lockin it down like penile I did the knowledge to born Your style straight corn I woke up in the morning Heard your shit and just yawned You fuckin up my high No lie You can die ?????????????? Before i break you up like god Yo its the herb slinger New style bringer Rap is for my war plan Fat like Corporal Clinger We still bring the hardcore with r&b singers While the beast ask you out like hoes on Jerry Springer [Verse 4] Yo rally hot boys feel so sick And I won't stop 'til I'm so so rich While Y'all niggas spit I (WHOOO) blow hits Don't waste time And I don't waste rhymes Few minutes, shit Track done like swiss If you ain't hot come like this Real niggas hold a gun like this Pop something, one in your leg Make your ass run like this Now picture that Defeat rhymes never that Son son you brave You ain't a man cause you got a little something to shade I've been a thug since the sixth grade Rockin a fade Young Boomy Look what the ghetto done to me Made you bolder now Heart colder now Brick soldier now Gun holder now Nigga snath my chain, catch him hold him down Hit him with the hot slugs like over now I know you wanna test rock, what you waitin for I live one-thirty-eight basement door City up north you can't escape the raw Find me where channel live be at (What is this) Ghetto Business ----Beat Fades Out---- [Rowdy Rahz Freestyle] You aint fin to blow up shit Youre merely a bomb threat How the fuck you gonna move a crowd You aint moved out from your moms yet I'm a vet, better yet a vet-er-an The words smith and wessun Like megatron Understand I'm past hip-hop I should be put into tiny ziplocks Distributed by those who flip rocks Leak use after word Smith b So dope you better sniff me And learn to keep me out ya mouth Get me I'm goin to Armaghetto swiftly My whole click be sickly So we don't sleep we spit in bed Those thats trying to get hit in the head Fuck around and get hit in the head Everything I write is either a death sentence or a blood line For those who love nines We don't stand in club lines We V.I.P Thugs love to hear me spit that If you ain't down with ghetto business THERE'S THE EXIT PUNK, HIT THAT ! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cypress Hill Album: Stoned Raiders Song: Red, Meth & B Typed by: jamiewebster85@hotmail.com Y'all ready for this? Ha! I don't think so! Yeah! Oh, listen to this! We gonna come at ya! [Redman] Cypress Hill! Yo yo yo - all my niggas say jump up, doc broke out the kennel A dog on four paws spittin' out the window Jump up! It aint no need to fight We may squeeze the pipe, you gonna bleed tonight I eat beans and rice, shit up a storm I walk the streets with shark fin off my arms Doctor Dolittle, lit off the bone My bracelet like I raised it off the farm Home-grown, thick, dirty  My family feud dudes who pack 2's on survey Jersey and house  Gun like an elephants snout Pull ya ambulance out Ya whole team'll get bombarded Ya on target, and bombed by some unsigned artists We leave ya hair cut like a blind barber Cut it, and gave you a line with fine markers I won't leave till the job is done Till the last prick nigga take ya wallet, RUN Doc with the shotty and we both catch a body with Cypress Hill Yeah! (Chorus: B-Real) We don't give a fuck, we live it up till the day we die You try to deal with us, but you got no blunts to get high You won't be real with us, but ya reelin' us and you want to ride You try to deal with us, but you got no blunts to get high [Method Man] Yo, yo Blunt smokin', half a bottle of remi open You either holdin' or half-assed like semi-colon I leave ya chokin' on them lollipop rhymes ya callin' So hard, hell I crack the shell on ya candy coatin' If the shoes fit like Alan I be too thick Ever since you hit, yo my new chicks a new bitch Ya know if I can't eat, ya can't sleep Plus I'm in denial, I just can't admit defeat My mind is my glock, keep my third eye cocked Bust mines off tops, leave a rapper's nerves shocked Now who's hot and who's not I want them rocks and that money in ya two socks  Meth the mister, if crime is an art, then let me paint a picture I'm gone, Kodak can't even frame the riddler Gold realin', Meth, doc, Cypress Hiller Whoever think they fuckin' with that, lets be realer (Chorus) [B-Real] Take the back seat and smash beats  Smoke blunts through ya lungs and flips ya brain cells like athletes Run a track meet, the rhymes on ya rap sheet With the foot long crush bong, look your collapsing, sicko They go on the break-off, mental breakdown and shit you wouldn't think of I spread it to Reggie, chances are better but deadly You wanna be friendly on the get high Bentley You twisted up, burnt out within seconds Cos you couldn't hang with the John Blaze methods Bong hittin', doc spittin', shark bitten  Star stricken, glock clickin', stop shittin' Inhale the smoke from the master's lungs You wanna roll up, yo I'm the fastest one (ha!) You wanna test with the sess, well first off That shit is funny like Kid Rock with his shirt off (Chorus) X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: D'Angelo f/ Method Man and Redman Album: Voodoo Song: Left and Right Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Redman] Yo, yo Yeah, come on [D'Angelo] I see you dancing right now I don't need to tell you that you know how Baby you do, oh I say you belong And if you dream, you'd be free I can take you there Just follow me Baby I won't, I won't steer you wrong And it seems like to me You want someone to treat you like their queen Babe I do So what'cha want? Smack your ass, pull your hair And I even kiss you way down there You know I will Think I won't? [D'Angelo] That's the way we do it Left and right Keep it moving Up and down How we do it babe Left and right Uh keep it moving Up and down Uh so what'cha doing? Left and right I love it went you do it Up and down Love it went you do it Left and right Keep doing it babe, yeah 1 – [D'Angelo]  Left and right  And up and down Repeat 1 w/Redman and Method ad-libs (4x) [Method Man] Yo D how we do it [Redman] Hey yo D how we do it [Method Man] Hey yo how we do it All day how we do it [D'Angelo] Yeah I hear you calling my world Make you feel like a pearl I'll rub your back and fulfill your needs, yeah So I would suggest you get undressed Fingertips touching and you'll come back As I want Why don't you give it to me? I will have you believe There's no reason for you to leave Stay right here (stay right here) In my arms (in my arms) Bring you fears stay secure Here with me you can be sure There's no faking you turn me on [D'Angelo] That's the way we do it Left and right Oh Up and down You keep it moving Left and right Yeah she's moving Up and down Oh yeah Left and right Love it when you do it Up and down Don't stop Left and right Just keep doing it baby, oh Repeat 1 w/Redman and Method ad-libs (4x) [Redman] He yo D how we do it [Method Man] Yo D how we do it Funk Doc how we do it [Redman] Yo Stallion [Method Man] This is how we do it [D'Angelo] Why don't you know? The sexy little things you do (The sexy little things you do) Oh, oh why don't you know? The sexy little things you do, ooh [Redman] Yo, yo My flows remarkable Doc walk like Kane from Kung Fu round the globe Throw obstacles I'll hurdle them Herb and whack MC's, drum racks To the rims to the caps Yo Meth, Tical, and D I'm ASAP, I'm crack a don chicken hunting at KFC In '83 I was that scrub TLC talking ‘bout Now I rock the house Chalk ‘em out [Method Man] Yeah no doubt who gots the biggest ass in the house Young miss fillet-a-fish Salt water trout, pretty young thing Got a tongue ring and dirty mouth And she whispering them sweet nothings I hear it out Baby you got me like Joni had Cha Chi Until she got high and went and fucked Potsi Lady Godiva >From day one a dick rider Liar, liar set your pussy on fire [Redman](Method Man) Yo Doc be off the wall We keep a Marly cheap Pulling a Harley deep with a jar of grease Come 1-5-1, straight endo, the spot I fuck brown sugar behind the fiber glass window Its Doc not guns don't sling weight The only thing I sling is condoms for spring break (Fuck ‘em) How we do it? (Leave ‘em) How we do it? (Get the money) The pussy (The weed) Now do it [Method Man](Redman) Now take your coat off and stay a while Now honey child if you're gon' be acting funny style Then I don't need ya It's Saturday, this night fever Shit is popping, Acheeva my mouth cotton Tis the season for draws dropping And heavy breathing You ain't skeezin' you dick teasin' I'm leavin' Acting rotten, I got no time for games I'm no joke Drop that ass when I'm finished And watch it smoke (Yeah, yeah, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Eminem, Method Man, Royce the 5-9 Album: The Professional 2 Song: What the Beat Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [DJ Clue] Ha haaaaa... *echoes* [Method Man] Now...now...now...unnhhh.. Professional 2 shit...WHAT! Staten Island up in this muthafucka... Mr. Meth rep rep rep rep rep rep... For the cause Wu-Tang Killa Beez forever my niggaz Yeah...we put our draws in it...CLUE! *echoes* [DJ Clue] *talking over above Method Man verse* New Method Man! Eminem... Royce... CLUE! *echoes* [Method Man] Niggaz is like "Oh my God not you!" Yes I'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest No contest, M.E.-Eth Man's obsessed With sex, drugs and rock & roll New tecs and calicos! Word has it we move mathematic on rappers Who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up 8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man Method Straight guerilla iller nigga kill a murder record My verbal shooter does it to ya The 16-bar Ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers But I'm not ya Super Lover Cee, I'm the Super Sperm Splash it on your skin rub it in like it's Lubriderm 10 out of 10 I'll be the... Men of all men I mean the... Creme de la creme a schemer... Sippin' on 'Gnac and Zima... True professional 2... (DJ CLUE!) Now that Bush is president nigga we all through [DJ Clue] Wooooooooooord! [Eminem] It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder Why I keep on duckin' under the bed when I hear thunder Cuz I ain't crazy, I say shit that's crazy to crazy people To make 'em believe I'm crazy so they can relate to me And maybe believe in Shady so they can be evil baby I like that! I'm only as crazy as people made me Believe me, there'll be just as many muthafuckin' murderers And heroin users without Marlilyn's music But I figure I make my music I don't care if you use it To murder somebody, I just wanna be there when you do it! Now the parents are suein' cuz little Darren is screwin' Karen and Susan cause I told him to do it on Clue's new shit Now it's all ruined, the whole world is fucked up Cuz of me? Two 12-year old girls is knocked up My attitude's 'fuck it' like Pac's was at one point Wanna come join? Pick up a glock and just point Now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody And I'm just laughin' like it's funny Cause I don't really give a shit about no-muthafuckin'-body I'm so muthafuckin' nutty I don't give a fuck about nuttin'! [Royce] My wrist is...water and freeze And mix this is...audio Jesus the repent shit gets big Keep it sharp like knife in a pop device So "Duro you gotta let it bump!", I came from a hard knock life They say this kid be rude like this can't be true  I suck my own dick like if I had a rib removed Vampire, sun go down I'm still wylin' Bullets travel through the air in the night like Phil Collins Rock City baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke Rise from the underground like sewer smoke It's all shifty, I got all-a my dogs wit' me And they all rich, and still all-a they palms itchy We'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge Walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words Clue *inhale*...Duro *inhale*...Slim *inhale*...Meth *inhale*... Five *inhale*...Nine *inhale*...Hold up *inhale*...breath [Method Man] It's just...Mr. Meth and DJ Clue I ain't crazy, I just do what the beats say do [Eminem] It's just...Slim Shady and DJ Clue I ain't evil, I just do what the beats say do [Royce] Unnh..Royce 5-9 and DJ Clue I ain't bad, I just do what the beats say do..unnh... *kiss noise* [DJ Clue] DJ Clue! Desert Storm! Come oooooooon maaaaaaaan! *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Jazzy Jeff f/ Method Man Album: The Return of the Magnificent Song: Hold it Down Typed by: pneumatic [Intro: Method Man] Aight, Staten Island what up Yeah, Long Island what up, Come on Jazzy Jeff yall, Phillie what's good Haha, New Jersey Yo I just had a Phillie cheese steak, That shit was good as a muthafucka [Method Man] Yo, Yo, Who do it till the death Let the magnificent Jeff go do it to the rest You see the difference, Assumin we a threat Yall just impotent, Aint no use of screwin with the best naw I wrote a 16 a throw it in a tech Shootin game at these fools now for foolin with a vet yeah It's Mr. Mef really, Who did you expect Another shit talkin MC, With booty on the breath naw Let's smoke somthin, Let your dude hold somthin And this dudes coke runnin till the blue coats commin yes Cruise still stuntin, Radio still frontin And the stuff they still bumpin got me numb, I feel nothin Jeff So I'ma get it like I spit it Get my glass you can fill it to the rim with the realest and I'm talkin back when Biggie Smalls was the illest And the boys from Cypress Hill said how I could just kill a man [Chorus 2X: Method Man] Already knowin how we go, Let's get at your people I'm flowin these streets know, I hold it down And for the channel, The G code Jeff Just let the peeps know I'm reppin the east coast, So hold it now [Method Man] Until my niggas get room enough to breath I'ma break down the leaf, My brotha crush the weed Not Puff Daddy, No boy I puff the trees In a room full of crackers I might cut the cheese They called me Mr., I got what you need And a bag of sour dezz, You aint gotta pluck the seeds naw So hit the peddle, I'll bring you up to speed Nearly smashed up to beamer, No more cognac for me See I'm in my backyard still cleanin All the fiends still fiendin, Better deal with the demons and I'm just bein rash, I'm like what's the meanin Cause as far as MCin I aint likin what I'm seein man Nah, So M-E-F's on some other shit Feel it like that first piece of pussy, Fell in love with it Yall know what up with it, If I'm with my brother get Money, Clothes, Hoes, 24s on the mother ship The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Ja Rule, Method Man, Nas, Vita Album: Grand Finale (Remix) 12" Song: Grand Finale (Murda Mix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Vita] If ain't rough, it ain't me Tales of the darkside, grand finale [Ja Rule] Ready to die, cuz only I know where it's in And if lie to dough, then it's kill in my soul For my love and dough, don't make it no better Mami, don't flirt wit the iron and hit 'em whoever A nigga that flips the weather, any Rule, J-A Fuck wit me, it's Murda, I-N-C Feel her, nigga, feel a hole to meet (if it ain't rough, it ain't me) Holla at me, my real niggas, get down, ready to kill niggas We don't touch no more, we kill niggas Give me what it takes to throw my guns together Fast up, hit 'em up, towards the hot beretta You should know better, when obviously they don't So the shit, sure to get you one in your throat By the time, you realize that shot's the truth It's too late, they reminiscin' over you, my Lord [Method Man] Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from The Friday, the 13th, ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin', snatch your ass out that S-Class for fakin' Forty four blast, it's a bloobath, take your first step down a thug path Ain't no love here, just slugs here, kids know the half, you get plugged here That's just impossile, for the weak to last, now behold the unstoppable Third eye watchin' you, watchin' me Throwin' rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea Young g, we was born to die, don't cry for me Just keep the heat closely, and ride for me Cuz we family, for better or worse, you and I From the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt To be here, and each year, I'm pourin' out some beer For deceased peers, holdin' fort Police line, do not cross, they found his corpse In the loft, wit the head cut off, and butt naked Homicide, the crime method, add another Killer verse to the murder record, the grand finale [Nas] Hot corners, cops wit warrants, every block is boring Friday night, gettin' bent, lick a poem My dog, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but, dogs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge, and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh [Chorus: Vita] If it ain't rough, it aint' me Down for dice, is what you told me If it ain't rough, it ain't me See, chick from the other side, grand finale [Vita] My dogs for life, call for life, now who be the job like fuck Totti Slim weight, petite, body, down for my niggas, quick to pull a shotty Sprayin' everybody, lacin' the whole party Holdin' wall when my niggas hung, wit I rush Like boys that I do know, it's me I trust Now watch how I tie bust, guarantee I be sittin' down Waitin' to hear up, wit the blast Got you niggas snitchin' weed in my stash, high flow Over the bitch who knows to stash weed Cold for you bitches who try to oppose me Hot Totti, same chick in Belly Ooh, if it ain't it ain't me [DMX] Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D The dog come and getcha outside The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED? Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine, c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dru Hill f/ Method Man Album: Enter the Dru Song: This is What We Do Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, john.mangal@consunet.nl Yeah, baby, hey yeah, yeah And you know, said you know Said you know, said you know babe, yeah So you say your ish is it And you say your ish is hot You want me to touch your spot Cuz that's how we do it Now I watch your earrings jingle And I watch you work your middle Cuz your handle bars ain't little Makes me wanna (Y'all ain't ready) 1 - 	If you wanna dance 	If you wanna move 	If you wanna dance 	Yeah show me what to do 	I keep it movin', givin' it to you 	Cuz this is what we do 	This is what we do, yeah Repeat 1 Said East Side, where you at, yo what the deally And to my ladies over West can you feel me  Tell me what the deal with the South And tell me Master P got it all figured out But if you say you with me, show you with me You're so pretty, you stay shitty, Ain't no shorty over 40 chillin' in the VIP with me Damn right, game tight, cuz that's how we do it tonight Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Method Man] Yo, yo Who got the best body on the planet I take advantage, then skate like the kissin' bandit Leave of hearts Got these shorties out after dark We're lady killers Then blow back apart, raw dealers Tical! Dru Hiller, strange love, seven thirty I'm like Herbie with a Love Bug Then skip town like a Casanova Brown Mrs. You look delicious like a two piece with a biscuit What's goin' down? In my mind I'm rippin' your clothes Playing with your feet girl suckin your toes Go round with the Ghetto Sarano', mello,  Romeo, who like his women on the same level Pay my bills that were due, all accounts settled Now I'm relaxing like Pa now with Ma Kettle Baby laughing, earrings in both nipples Like Janet Jackson, busting out her latest fashion Or the smashin' Honey come on over here, I **** feet cold Throw them panties over there, you won't need those You talk like sex You walk like sex Ya smell like sex Ya yell like sex And all ya want is Mr. Meth, hell of a man That can sell an Eskimo a fan I come equipped for any spot that you want hit Or want licked, when my dick get the fuck outta here, ahh, shit I start to think back on how I go hump  In seven minutes to heaven at the age of eleven Couldn't tell me nuthin' then, can't tell me nuthin' now Honey child, milkin' the cow, lovin' my style This is what we do kid, me and them Dru kids Take 'em blind, crimpin' them crazy, even toothless Lastly, if you know me don't ask me Call me Method, Mr. Meth if ya nasty Repeat 1 Repeat 1 If I move it on the left, will it be hot to death If I move it on the right, will you make it last all night (Woody) If I move it up and down, will you make a freaky sound, come on If I move it in and out, will it make you scream and shout Come on Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drunken Master f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Drunkenstyle Song: Redman Freestyle Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com [Method Man on a phone] "Ayyo, this is Meth, a-k-a Johnny Blaze Word up and this is second out the Drunken Master Yeah, I'm fucked up right now- What?!" [Drunken Master (Redman)] "Ayyo, we gon' swing it to the Jersey side, you-know-what-I-mean? Drunkenstyle '99, Drunken Master up in here ridin' for you and your's, you-know-what-I'm-sayin'? I got my man Redman up in here and he about to do his thing on the freestyle shit, word up" ("Ohhhhh, I'm in this thing like this") "So Reggie Noble, get in and do your thing, get in where you fit in Set it off like thiiiiiis" ("Ohhhhh.") [Redman] I'ma start it like this: niggas ride dick Come to the D-Town, shit sick Slap a bitch across her face Who 'dat comin' through? Erase the taste out 'cha mouth then I hide out down South Tell my Grandma I need a glock out She be like, 'Son, what you on the run for?' It's the Funk Doc comin' through wit' Resevoir Dogs type of material- Veinarial Disease, squeeze on these weak-ass M.C.'s Why ya bitch sweatin' me, Rock The Bells, I battle yo' ass 'til her feet is out like Chanels And we could go on for days Whose 'dat nigga runnin' like roaches, spray the Raid Wit' my niggas in the D, rollin' up the Gands Anybody wanna test Doc, put up ya hands Pull out a nine, bust ya mind When I click, my toungue click like synchronized nines And I rob ya town and I get down Pull out the four-pound, br-br-br-br-br-brown Yes, y'all- Grab my balls Y'all mothafuckas vacade your college dorm halls and I stand still, kill at will Whose that nigga peelin' back bananna peels, cocked back. The dirty rat on the street All you weak M.C.'s don't wanna test me, want beef?! Yes, y'all- And I bring it on back like O.D.B., Bring It On Back! [Drunken Master] Uh. Yo, yo. Up in the sky, playa, who could it be? Drunken Master, creepin' through the 3-1-3 My nigga Reggie Noble, yo, he got my back We layin' niggas flat and blazin' up back-to-back sacks and when I come through mashin' and dumpin', niggas be like 'That's Dre The Drunken... ("Drunken Master") ...Master' 'Bout to blast you wit' the four-pound Lay you down and escape through the Underground Blurry like the fog, ridin' wit' my dog Drunken Mast choke you out like L-A smog Comin' though with that '99 freestyle Me and Funk Doc mashin' down 7 Mile Drunkenstyle '99, nigga- Hell yeah Wha-wha-what?! [Redman (Drunken Master)] Drunkenstyle '99, Drunken Master Illin' comin' down and I fuck a bitch faster Word is bond, no jokin' Everything I be tokin' and smokin' is out of this world and I take your girl, rob her for her Shirling coat and dope Never sniff coke but I'm broke Got a little change in my pocket wit' a rope ("Where's it at?") around my neck wit' a medallion hangin' I'm on the bitch' big ass, twelve bangin' like... I flip my styles like dyke and rob a white boy for Bajha Bike I'm trife and your wife like it If you throw the football, I'ma spike it down in your mouth and I pull the glock out like... and that's hype That type... 'll slap ya ass Who 'dat, pull out the gun and clap ya ass?! Just because I rap, I'm not a sucka Grab the mic like Hulk Hogan, 'Well, ya know Brother?!' What's this? Comin' down, Funk Doc rob the ice off your wrist and tell you, smell you While I locked down, I'm crazy. Locked down in Bellview That's in New York, M.C.'s feel me Jersey representin', come hittin' like you saw Tupac wit' two glocks Pull out two guns and I bust it on two cops and I ask who da best If you don't like me, I put thirty-eight more slugs in your chest Wit' my man Drunken Masta Take over this town, run it out of sound Give a fuck ("Shut it down") And I start spittin' darts out the tongue, niggas duck! Peace to my man Jigga-J, my man DMX. What 'cha say? My man Meth-Tical, Def jam style If you don't like Doc... [End is carried into "My City"] ...you can kiss my ass! You can kiss my ass! Yo, you can kiss my ass! Yo, yo, yo- it don't stop Yo, it don't quit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Method Man Album: We Mean Business Song: Never Defeat 'Em Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Erick Sermon] Yes! Yes Aiyyo.. how do you play it, James Brown'll say it P and I'll relay it, DJ'sll DJ it I must go hard, then take charge Illmatic MC Dub I'm like Nas Own a couple of cars parked in my garage A crew less than chicks, I call them DeBarge I can't be defeated, nope, the judge is in now Y'all can be seated, all lames can beat it I know there's a few who thought we might lose Resurrect, like Pete Rock, to C.L. Smooth News - there's no gettin around this homey P and I's a brand name we in your house like Sony Long Island's best, yes we got a few of them Rakim, P.E., ain't no doin them Rocked Apollo, and there's no booin them Money up front ain't nobody screwin them What you say, what you say now So what you say, what you say now What you say, what you say now So what you say, what you say now Yup - what you say, what you say now Yeah.. with the heat Method Man [Method Man] Yo, nuttin to lose cause I got nuttin to prove, I'm rugged Who be like fuck it if I fart in my shoes, you love it I'm cold (brrr) trust it ain't really no room to discuss it Leave niggaz disgusted I shit on they life and flush it Not only make that green but puff it, easy come easy does it You bring the dutches, I'll "Bring Da Ruckus" (wrong one to fuck wit) I ain't no puppet, ain't no pullin my strings to public It's he the rugged, y'all ain't bustin them things, so bust it I'm at my rawest when you give me a stage and a cordless I can't call it, eat my shit leave stains in the toilet The Staten Island nigga chewin ya ears Cause y'all don't do it like we doin it here, and that's clear This Cash Money, dates back to crack money And crash dummy corny-ass raps don't get no dap from me My dudes is hungry like they animal son And eat MC's like a cannibal, ONE [E-Dub] + (Meth) Yup PMD (This is dedicated to e'rybody ain't think I had it in me) (Knahmsayin?) Word (Talkin 'bout they ain't feelin me) (Fuck you I ain't feelin you!) [Parrish Smith] The bad guy always win cause he prey on the weak In the band, church, schoolyard and street That's why the P stay A-L-E-R-T With the A-R-1-0 sittin right next to me One of the tag team champs, share the belt with E Mess with us get disposed of properly Ain't no one stoppin me, P's prophecy was to recollide with the Bandit, EPMD Cause we got a passion for the mic like +A Passion For Christ+ We got a passion for life, trunk jewels, chrome and dice But no snake eyes, or we break guys and then break fly Leave the Lakeside on a time-out like take five Expect the blessin or yo you'll be gone quick You wanna talk crazy wreckless, you wanna talk slick? You can't control your anger homey so you lost it Now the Squadron comin through - so what'chu want kid~? [E-Dub] Nuttin but heat huh, yup It's all over See-ya! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: EPMD f/ Lady Luck, Method Man, Redman Album: Out of Business Song: Symphony 2000 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [PMD]	Yeh.. Erick Sermon.. EPMD.. check it [E-Dub]	Redman.. Method Man.. Lady Luck.. Def Jam [PMD]	Erick and Parrish Millenium Ducats 	Hold me down, hold me down (*echoes*).. Uhh.. yo! I grab the mic and grip it hard like it's my last time to shine I want the chrome and the cream so I put it down for mine Ill cat, slick talk, slang New York To break it down to straight English, what the fuck you want? Remember me? You punk faggot crab emcee Get your shit broke in half for fuckin around with P Aiyyo strike two, my style Brooklyn like the Zoo Hey you, look nigga, one more strike you through Word is bi-dond, rock Esco, FUBU, and Phat Fi-darm Every time I get my spit on, no doubt, I spark the gridiron I step up and bless the track and spit a jewel We keeps cool, no need for static, I strap tools Next up! [E-Dub]	Yo I believe that's me [PMD] 	Yo, get on the mic and rock the Symphony [Erick Sermon] Yo P! Time to rock, the sound I got, it reigns hot Makin necks snap back, like a slingshot E hustle, and muscle my way in then tussle for days in, on my own with guns blazin Not for the fun of it, just for those who want me to run it Then leave them like -- who done it? Sucka duck, I do what I feel right now When I spit the illest shit, cats be like, "Wow!" YO! I get looks when I'm in the place That's that nigga, makin you +Smile+ with Scarface Uhh, +It Ain't My Fault+, that my style Silkk enough to Shock ya Hit you with the fifth, block-a block-a If I get caught you can bet I'll blow trial Be +Downtown Swingin+, M.O.P. style Next up! [Red]	Yo yo it's Funk D.O.C. [E-Dub]	Yo, you're on the mic to rock the Symphony [Redman] HeHAHHH! Yo yo Did you ever think you would catch a cap? Yo did you ever think you would get a slap? Yo did you ever think you would get robbed at gunpoint, stripped and thrown out the car? It's Funk Doc, you know my name HOE My style dirty underground, or Ukraine po' When it hits you, pain pumps Kool-Aid, through the vein and shit Snatch the trap then I Dash like Damon did Doc, walk _Thin Red Lines_ to shell shock Hairlock with fuckin broads in nail shops Hydro? Got more bags than bellhops Two thousand Benz on my eight by ten PICTURE Papichu', slayin crews in ICU Battlin, usin hockey rules For Keith Murray, Doc gon' cock these tools Rollin down like dice in Yahtzee fool! I "Just Do It" like Nike, outta 'Bama with ten kids with hammers, hooked to a camper! Yo next up [Meth]	It's the G-O-D [Red]	Yo yo, get on the mic for the Symphony [Method] Youth on the move, payin them dues, nuttin to lose Huh, street kids, broken and bruised, eyein yo' jewels Huh, bad news, barin they souls through rhymin blues _Hardcore_! To make them brothers act fool Hands on the steel, flip you heads over heel *sniff* Smell the daffodils from the lyric overkill *sniff* Feelin like the mack inside a Cadillac Seville *screech* Too ill, on cuts, the Barber of Seville - fi-ga-ro! The sky is fallin - GERONIMO! I feel my high comin down.. LOOKOUT BELOW! AIYYO! Dead that roach clip and spark another Chickenhawks, playin theyselves like Parker Brothers I rock for the low-class, from Locash The broke-assed, even rock for trailer park trash Yeah yeah, the God on your block like Godzilla Yeah yeah -- she gave away my pussy I'ma kill her John John phenom-enon, in Japan they call me Ichiban Wu-Tang Clan, numba won! In the whole nine, I hold mine Keep playin with it kid, you might go blind - jerkoff! Fuck them a.k.a., for now it's just Meth That's it, that's all, solo, single no more no less [all]	NEXT UP! [Lady]	I believe that's me [all]	BASTARD! [PMD]	Get on the mic and rock the Symphony [Lady Luck] Mrs. Stop Drop and Roll, rocks top the told Hot, even though dames is froze Pop close range at foes, and blaze them hoes Leave em with they brains exposed, and stains on clothes Y'all better change your flows, hear how Luck spittin? Stay drunk-pissed in the S-Type, stay whippin *screech* When the guns spittin, duck or get hittin It's written, we in the game but ball different Point game like Jordan, y'all play the role of Pippen Style switchin, like tight ass after stickin MAN LISTEN, stop your cryin and your bitchin Like E and P's last CD, you're out of business The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ Method Man Album: Ill Na Na Song: Ill Na Na Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Method Man One time... Huhh, all up in ya like a bone when I...  Johnny Blaze, the Iron Lung Foxy Brown, the Ill Na Na (yeah, c'mon, yeah, c'mon) Destination... (c'mon, c'mon) plat' Verse One: Foxy Brown Yo Na Na so Ill, first week out Shipped a half a mil, niggaz freaked out She's all about sex, pard-on, check your facts and the track record, I'm all about plaques Shakin my ass half naked, lovin this life Waitin for Kim album to drop, knowin it's tight Standin center stage, closin the show holdin a gat Since you opened up, I know you're hopin it's wack Niggaz, screamin my name on record straight whylin Maybe I'll answer back when you reach a hundred thousand This is ladies night, and the Mercedes's tight When I'm coming home? Maybe tonight Leave my food by the microwave, kiss the baby goodnight It's my time to shine it's playtime tonight I'ma try to stand my ground, know when I fall I left your ass Home Alone, hopin I call Chorus: Method Man Who's got the illest pussy on the planet? Sugar walls comin down niggaz can't stand it, the Ill Na Na True Absolut Vodka, straight shots for the has-beens and have-nots, dolla dolla Real and it don't stop, we movin up First the mansion then the yacht, sound proper Straight cash get got, bloodhounds tryin to hunt down the Brown Fox, the Ill Na Na Verse Two: Foxy Brown No more sexin me all night, thinkin it's alright While I'm lookin over your shoulder, watchin the hall light You hate when it's a ball right? Ladies this ain't handball Nigga hit these walls right before I call Mike In the morning when it's all bright, eggs over easy  Hope you have my shit tight when I open my eyes  While I'm eatin gettin dressed up, this ain't yo' pad I left some money on the dresser, find you a cab No more, sharin I pain, sharin I made It's time to outslick niggaz, ladies sharin our game Put it in high gear, flip the eye wear Nas Ruled the World but now it's my year And from, here on I solemnly swear To hold my own like Pee Wee in a movie theater (uh-huh) Yeah I don't need a man's wealth (yeah) But I can do bad (bad) by my damn self (self) And uhh... Chorus [Method] Uhh... vodka... Not... not... Dolla dolla... stop stop... C'mon c'mon... yah, it's the Ill Na Na Verse Three: Foxy Brown No more Waitin To Exhale, we takin deep breaths Ladies take this over, I be Fox so peep this Love thyself with no one above thee Cause ain't nobody gon' love me like me If he, don't Do The Right Thing like Spike Lee Bye bye wifey make him lose his Nike's (uh uh, yeah)  Hit the road Mami told me in order to, find a Prince you gotta kiss some toads Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Full Force f/ Allure, Bambue, Funkmaster Flex, Method Man, Silkk the Shocker Album: Still Standing Song: Float On With Us (Classic Extended Version) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Funkmaster Flex] Yaknawimean? It's gettin' ready to happen We bout to black out, Funkmaster Flex Full Force, what you know about it, baby? Bout to give you what you need, what you want, understand it Strictly blast off material is what we dealin' wit here, you heard? Let's go... [Bambue] Put your hands in the air, cuz I'm about to blast Bambue bout to set if off on your ass Bring it on, what, the way I do this Ain't nothin' to this, raps run through this Steppin' up the game now, run wit Full Force Don't have to rock no jewels, and I still floss Coachin' French style, I spit, blaze it out Tricks skip it out, what you talk, we live it out Love up in the club and I post the French toast Shades of French braids, back is exposed The don diva got you twistin' they clothes Fuck wit Cola bottle type body like 'whoa' We let ballers get me cock-eyed, cuz I print out when we lock eye Not shy, the skirt cut high, the style fly C-notes in the brassiere, by the tata's, you broke Float nigga, bye-bye [Chorus: Full Force (Funkmaster Flex) {Allure}] It's gettin' kinda hot in the club tonight Dance, drink all night, mess around, spend about a dub tonight Cuz I like, the girls that live in the club (It's on fire tonight) Dance, gettin' tight, mess around take some home tonight Cuz I like, the girls that live in the club, they just {Float on, float on, float on, float on} (keep it bouncin', get it movin) {Float on, float on, baby, float on} [Full Force] Yeah, I like the chick to be, lick it up It's easy up for me, pick 'em up Take 'em floor, sweat 'em up And welcome to the bar, wet 'em up Let's get set, yo, grab the honeys and let's go, do a 59 in the 'Esco Cuz on cell phones, two-ways, ballers are down, yo It's just a sign of the times, yo [Silkk the Shocker] N-O-L-I-M-I-T, try to step in this mutha, like, yea, that's me You know, all up in the club on dubs, wit the tank on Party club, half on love, get your drink on See somethin' you like, g, get up outta here It's bout to get hot, so look, sit up by the fan When I come through, make her forget about a plan She got a dude? Make her forget about her man Look, you want it, but you ain't really gotta front Besides run the streets, and then you tried me once And ma, you ain't know got a triple x about cash I'm P little brother, you look smart, so do the math Full Force in here, gotta holla at Flex Some say I'm spring bout it, cuz I'm private deck But they don't stop up in here, you ain't bout it, you got up in here It's bout to get hot, yo, you got up in here? [Full Force] All the mami's in the spot, pick 'em up Make the booty hot, sweat 'em up Funk passion on the rocks, lick it up Dancin' til I drop, wet 'em up Don't wanna dance, then I'mma have to ask one of your friends, so Then I take 'em home in my Benz-o Free screens, DVD's, twenty inch Lorenzo's It don't make no sense, yo [Method Man] Yo, every hour on the hour, "chill" like Rob G. Then he snap wit the power, the hungry M.C. I be by this couch, niggas ain't blowers you flower Eat bullets and shit gun powder Found you, reachin' for that chrome in your trousers Supply the, get up on that left, turn an hour Hurt me, firstly I put you on the ducks where the dirt be Personally I just don't give a what Have mercy, RZA beat's bump like herpies And Meth run this track like Jackie Joyner-Kersee Club hoppin', in the apple, where it's rotten I'm bird watchin', trynna get in mami's stockings Funkmaster Flex, it's about to get ugly, and God don't like ugly Honeys permed out, lookin' young, dark and lovely, pass me the bubbly I come wit Full Force, you can find us where the club be [Hook 4X: Full Force] If you don't give a, like we don't give a Throw your hands up, if you live in the club [Method Man] Is it real, son? Is it really real, son? Let me know it's real, son, if it's really real Somethin' I can feel, son, loaded up and killed one Wanted raw deal, son, if it's really real Aiyo, we come in Full Force Got my girl Bambue, and Funkmaster Flex One love to Lou Star, he's a live muthafucka [Outro: Funkmaster Flex] Aight, and that's the way it goes down Funkmaster Flex and Full Force This is it, let it happen, one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Wu-Tang Clan Album: Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Put Your Hammer Down Typed by: Osirus260@aol.com, jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us Lay ya hammer (lay ya hammer) Lay ya hammer kid (lay ya hammer kid) They want the drama bring it to ‘em Fuck ‘em Ghostface: All rise meet the preacher this pro dueler been diagnosed  Diabetic keptic I’m your host Lock the vanilla suede British Staten Island mall menace Otherwise posin’ as a dentist in my lenses Pinball machine gun rap spoke to Arafat Laundry maid honey can’t blow in this hat  What Method Man: Is it raw now Change it around It’s war now The final countdown commences The battleground is twelve inches of wax paper Breakin’ down your defenseless senseless nature Pain stings with ‘Ma Baker Twin towerin’ I skyscrape ya Freedom come meet your maker Inspektah Deck: Yo  Another sound boy’s dyin’ Crowd noise multiplyin’ Don’t let the fuzz slide in bust out the sirens Sure win lure ‘em in like exotic women  I smile with the sinister grin and finish him You’re fuckin’ with hoods, get ya goods pushed back Ya fraud, pull the wool off your hollywood hat U-God: Yo Yo Yo The track melts in half liquors have this brave meaning Supreme being being all that I can being Picture wavy beavers meat cleaving your receiver Fly sunny cheeba leather buckets dirty reefer Fast floatin’ grill residential honey hill Stainless steel rashes sheisty catch a money bill Raekwon: It’s all gravy  We floatin’ through like the British navy  Fresh design lady love the fade keep it wavy The mix drink - throw the dick in the drink Play it baby girl caught ya Exotic album Cuban Link Custom AV’s beige panties who could front on these please Ya’ll niggas broke so much your uncle sells trees Gza: Yo  High ranked officials and armed tanks and missles Blood drizzle simple fact you slept on the issue That before he started jerkin’ off joysticks and Sega I made tapes a hundred watt amps insuring Vegas Rza fine tune it shippin’ meal units MC’s ask, who be those rhyme killers in masks? No doubt difficult task to last in the square Beware infinte amount of darts is in the air I’m victorious no opponents and blast through components And microphones watch the whole world live the moment Anything anti that came approachin’ this Incapable lust speech remains motionless Lay ya hammer (Lay ya hammer) Lay ya hammer kid (Lay ya hammer kid) Lay ya hammer (Lay ya hammer) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Method Man, Redman Album: The Mix Tape Volume 1: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Redman & Method Man - Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Redman) Microphone coming down when I have to tweak ya (Break ya) ass, blow your ass one time, peace ta Dj Twiz, I will leave your ass blind Cause the ruckus for all you muthafukas Don't you know me and Method Man jam like smuckers All you fools out there wanna test these theives You better come down wit the buddah bless then freeze And gimme all your loot and your weed muthafuka You just a cheesy ass sleeve of the grass, blow your ass Fill the blast from the past when I smoke the hash It's that Funk Doctor Spock, got it lock Methtical, get on the mic right now (Method Man) My rap guns be blazing, trails, I'm hard as nails Society's the cage, got me locked down in hell My mental the track from the shadows of rap Casualties cuz my reality is strapped Criminology pays, the sun got the rays Wit the heat seeking missiles, AKA Johnny Blaze, Ow Hurt so good, Ow, take it to the Ow, Methtical Bring it to your headpiece, no Ow What you wanna do, shit, niggaz be like That's the shit, that make you wanna get high Now open that high shit, I be choking What's that shit that they be smoking, Tical (Both) Yea, word up, 1996 in your ass, in your ass, Funkmaster Flex Funkmaster Flex, complilation freestyle album, freestyle in your ass In your ass, in your ass, nigga, anybody out there wanna bring it Bring it, bring it on, bring it on (Redman) We got lyrics for years for all you fuking peers Now you think muthafukas grate to you ears That's the freestyle, proclaim your name Who's that nigga smoking Buddah on the A train (Method Man) It's the Funk Doctor Spock, rock the spot, word up Coming through, got the glock to your headpiece, what Release, what, tension, when I mention Niggaz gave no competition to this shit we got here The real shit, terror to your ear, feel the fear Coming down, now up the atmosphere, what we doing Up your spine, move the back, recline Say some shit that make you wanna get high (Both) Word up, how high muthafuka, 1996, peace Def Squad and Wu-Tang up in this bitch, yea, 1996 shootout The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Wu-Tang Clan, Harlem Hoodz Album: The Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Wu-Tang Cream Team Line Up (a.k.a. 'American Cream Team') Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon]	Aiyyo, American Cream Team productions, bustin [Chip Banks]	Harlem World, Shaolin [Raekwon]	We back.. and we ain't goin nowhere 		Get that? They gonna respect me 		(Just just slay on em when you come back) [Baby Thad] Yo, the effervesence of my team be cool, calm Persuasive, deadly, posessive, manic depressive In the golden art, [niggaz] get torn apart in the dark, sharks swim deeper than Noah's Ark Harlem Hood, Wu breddern, stay rebellin Better be, careful of the beef that you meddle in Devilish advocates, death peddlin Turn another kettle in, we be veterans [Chip Banks] Say no more, Banky gonna lay down the law Got Hoodz that's quick on the draw to sick em on y'all Them broads that you sweatin, I don't stick em no more We import dimes from Singapore, bang em on tour Run down to Sean John, we gon order some more You got, ones in your crib, then I'm outside your door [Raekwon the Chef] Twist a black Dutch up, whattup, crane style, chain style Magnolium Rock, twenty-eight thou', plus gorgeous, Star Trek cordless Finish the [bitch] we in it, need more fish in the fortress Flashback freeze, shatter in the sweater three keys Myer Lans' stance, Don Steez Chorus: Raekwon Yo, take time out, hold your nine out Polly with the all time lineup, send mine to shine, what? Cream Team lifestyle, aight now.. Fuck around get wiped out, mic fightin on the kite now Despite thou, go against us, win it right now Shed light, bring it to light, and move right [Inspectah Deck] Another sound boy dyin, crowd noise multiplyin Don't let the fuzz slide in, bust out the sirens Sure win, lure em in like exotic women I smile with the sinister grin to finish him You [fuckin] with Hoodz, get your goods pushed back you fraud, pull the wool off your Hollywood act Throw your body on the tracks, pull the back out your raps Burn like, the human torch, lookin for collapse It's the intricate, syndicate, thoughts travel infinite Thunderous, movin hundreds, we on the run [shit] [Chip Banks] Who bring that Harlem World Willie [shit] the best, we know New Jack City 2, Banky B. Nino 600 Benz-ino, midnight blue Put a dime in the front, I'm off to slide pipe through [Method Man] Yo, it's us, the Cold Crush, ice [niggaz] plush Baby what, peep the black dust, diamond in the rough Give a [fuck], I'm like iodine, see me in the cut? Playin shadows, ridin on the track side-saddle Long John Silver, the God on your block like God-zilla *RRAWWARRR* She gave away my [pussy] I'ma kill her Chorus: Raekwon Aiyyo, spit for me, hear me, Cream Team Wake these [niggaz] up they ain't hear me, promotin on Leary Yo come back, switch slang theory American Cream with no I in the team, laser beam [Killa Sin] Aiyyo I keep my [shit's] raggety, pants saggy, millionaire faculty backin me up, knee deep for casualties, speak brief Thoughts like a street sweep, sporadically reach peaks and spaz out, bitch smack your majesty Iron palm drillin through your cavity, you want it Dunn how badly Got eighty cats, creepin in your alley, where your dogz at? Chorus: Raekwon Yo, take time out, hold your nine out Polly with the all time lineup, send mine to shine, what? Cream Team lifestyle, aight now.. Fuck around get wiped out, mic fightin on the kite now Despite thou, go against us, win it right now Shed light, bring it to light, and move right "America's Cream Team.." "Ah-ah-America's Cream Team.." [Funk Flex] Uh-huh, what what? One time baby, big shout to the RZA Big shout to my man Power Big shout to Raekwon the Chef, Inspektah Deck My man Method Man, big shout to my man Mel Big shout to the Harlem Hoodz Big up my man Killa Sin Aight, you know how we do, sixty minutes of funk Volume Three, Funkmaster Flex aight the final chapter baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ginuwine f/ Method Man Album: The Senior Song: Big Plans Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ginuwine] Yeah, *humming*, listen baby [Chorus 2X: Ginuwine] Uh huh, baby I got big plans The big ring, the small hand A big cake, a bridesmaid, a best man One day, we gon' have all that [Ginuwine] Girl I know we just met tonight And this may seem like a lie But, I'm not the player type Guess what? Normally you wouldn't find me Under the crowd of lights, in search of a love in life But you shakin' that stuff right I think I should make you my wife [Chorus 2X] [Ginuwine] You probably think I'm tryin' crush tonight Cuz I got a look of lust, like crust in my eye No matter what I say, keep it tight Keep it away from me like Superman and kryptonite You see I'm not thinkin' short term, I've learned Givin' everybody turns, can I like a back burn Oh, you got this lover wanna beg to earn, oh baby [Chorus 2X] [Ginuwine] I know it sounds boo, I ain't even known you two Days and I'm open to, the point that I propose to you Must think I'm some kind of fool, don't you You can call it what you're thinkin' But I'm thinkin' we gon' jump that broom [Method Man] Back-seat of my jeep, let's swing an episode Her neck and wrist all froze, I'm trynna catch a cold Clippin' the trey, we sippin' away On that 'Ze, innovations, slowin' slippin' away Ain't life funny, don't nothin' move but that money Oh boy, honeys, lookin' like Playboy bunnies They whole swagger, that be the type that I go after That get more attention cuz they ass is more fatter And every day gotta have a, but I ain't trynna make her unconfy Or cramp her style like a monthly How many women want a man, with big plans Big feet and big hands, ya'll understand Why big daddy wear the big pants, I'm big boned And if this symbolizes my life, I live long My funny valentine, won't you be mine Fifty grand on the wedding band, let it G-Wine [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heltah Skeltah f/ Method Man Album: Magnum Force Song: Gunz 'N Onez (Iz U Wit Me) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Haayyoahhh! Ahhh.. Intro/Chorus: Rock Iz u wit me.. yo throw your hands in the air! All my thugs and soldiers, fuck it even players Whether you hate us or you show us love No matter what you do money, stack your gunz 'n onez Iz u wit me.. yo throw your hands in the air! All my thugs and soldiers, fuck it even players Crooks, willies, pimps, all my sons No matter what you do baby, stack your gunz 'n onez Verse One: Method Yo, light another, and elevate on this one my brother Respect mine like my baby mother I shine when it rain, the sky's cryin for all the black youth that's dyin, I heard he went out clutchin his iron And in the mist the slugs flyin, one burst he kissed the dirt, not knowin he was touched at first or badly hurt, it's all science, another nigga merked Kid snatched his purse and his work, left nuttin but the shells on the turf, the situation's worse A lot of bitch ass niggaz is comin out they skirts cause it's real, not everyone can rhyme and get a deal Not everyone can shine and make a meal So Johnny carry nine in the steel, one in the head for all them fuckheads, leave that ass for dead nuff said Don't be mistaken, or mislead, it's all peace But when my baby's gotta get fed, I'm all teeth Bitin DOWN on the bullet now, bloodshed I cop my herb from a knotty dread, and live this life on the edge nigga.. one time for your fuckin-ass mind      cuz-o, can you deal? Chorus: Rock Wu-Tang are u wit me, well throw your hands in the air! All my soldiers, thugs, fuck it even players Heads on lockdown and those on the run No matter what you do money, stack your gunz 'n onez Verse Two: Ruck Aiyyo peep the stamina, of the main brain splattera In a matter of seconds I'm disrespectin your character What's the matter ya niggaz ain't ready for the massacre I'll be slappin y'all niggaz in the face with the calibre You like the voice baby? Ruck is the choice lately Slap a hoe in the grapple hold just like Royce Gracie My boys pay me no mind, for the shit I say lately Then deep down in they heart, they think that nigga Ruck is crazy Maybe, y'all niggaz should just chill before I fuck you up I can snuff a duck nigga in the face with the uppercut What the fuck? Y'all niggaz do it the mic ruin your life by screwin, your wife now cruisin Affect with the motherfuckin grimy style Meth-Tical, Heltah Skeltah for the Ninety-Now Remind me how, the way it used to be, yo you used to be better than you is on the mic, but now you losing me Chorus: Rock So iz u wit me? Well throw your hands in the air! All my soldiers, thugs, fuck it even players Whether you rap for a living or sell drugs for funds No matter what you do, stack your gunz 'n onez Verse Three: Rock Son I used to be a good boy, fat cheeks, little cute kid Potentially rebellious yet a straight A student I listened to my elders til I found out they was stupid What they told me had me broke and bummy, time for some new shit Now, I hold mo' concealed Heat than Acapulco Ricans in Bushwick call me Rocko, el mano loco Got a fo'-fo' to make thugs sing like K-Ci and JoJo Packin ever since Mamma Rock said gunz was a no-no We don't need those doe, street cats don't need gats Six-five, from the NBA, many niggaz be that So try me, like Mutumbo you can't get shit by me Send you to E.R. son with broke ankles like Allen Ivey.. hehe hold that thought for a minute And watch your shorty before I run up in it I admit it I'm like Sprite, image got you shaken, thinkin I'm Jamaican But it's thirst that'll get your jewelry and dough taken FUCK Batman and Robin, I'm robbin with a bat man Chase niggaz like Chevy for makin wack jams Hit hard as a dick after a lapdance, ask any Sean Price in Alcatraz fan, they'll tell you watch the jabbin Chorus: Rock So iz u wit me? Well throw your hands in the air! All my soldiers, thugs, fuck it even players Gods, Earths, and cons, Crips and Bloods No matter what you do money, stack your gunz 'n onez Iz u wit me? Well throw your hands in the air! All my soldiers, thugs, fuck it even players M.F.C., Killa Beez and my Outlaw thugs Armaggedeon soon come, stack your gunz 'n onez stack your gunz 'n onez, stack your gunz 'n onez 	Heltah Skeltah come soon, be prepared motherfucker stack your gunz 'n onez, stack your gunz 'n onez 	Cause ain't nobody safe motherfucker stack your gunz 'n onez, stack your gunz 'n onez 	Marvelous, armaggedeon, Heltah Skeltah stack your gunz 'n onez, stack your gunz 'n onez 	Same shit Artist: Hit-Boy f/ Audio Push, B Mac the Queen, Casey Veggies, Kent M$NEY,   Method Man, Raekwon, Redman, Rick Ross, ScHoolboy Q, Xzibit Album: All I've Dreamed Of Song: Cypher Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Hit-Boy] And I say one for the money, three for the show (roll up) Because we know that all the bad bitches smoke (VIBE WIT ME) You competition is past fictional Gettin stopped like a bad pick and roll, magnifico These niggaz is gettin old, my team too strong Kevin knows, take you out your zone, I'm the new don And the only +Polo+ I know is Ralph Lauren Put me on the court with the opposition - I'll outscore 'em  (Easy) [Kent M$ney] Try not to use cash so my checks serve a purpose Every time I sign for a blessing I use my cursive Got scruffs on my Timbs for a dollar so it was worth it Cocaine white suits, see an angel before we murk him {*gunshot*} Hard for the work, niggaz eyes love to lurk I got a bitch named Cash, she 'bout forty and love to twerk Nothing changed, range aiming at your frame, nigga Aim a clause and get arraigned at you lame niggaz [Pricetag] Price is to', don't break the +Code+ like +Da Vinci+, no nigga tempt me Generational curse of chuggin whiskey 'til it was empty Drive-bys out that four-door Honda, dreams of a Bentley Pockets fulla dead white men, I pray the massa don't lynch me Step ya game up; you wifed her, she been a rat I text her at the crack of dawn, tap-tap it and send her back My granny, momma, sister, cousin bedroom was up in that trap "Is them drugs up on my counter?" No momma, that's Similac! [B Mac the Queen] Yo, I just spent like 30k today, I ain't gon' front See I came up from the bottom, I'ma get everything I want See the homies, I'ma holla, nothing changed I rolled a blunt Told 'em now it's time to eat cause we've been starving days and months And it's a must that we can trust nobody but us, we ready to bust  if enemies come, but I can fight so this ain't what you want See I do this shit for fun, screaming HS87 'til I'm done (VIBE WIT ME) Ha, now I'm done [Oktane] Stop the beat, here comes the starter, grab your popcorn, grab your water Grab your daughter, cause she watchin cause I start like Mr. Carter Say I'm ballin like a man, finger on the trigger Got money all in my pocket, I'm a I-E nigga name Oktane, That Nigga Oktane to be exact You hope to hear from a real nigga one day, well this is that I got that crack and I got that X, R-E, AK And I got my back, Tony Montana give em that BR-R-R-RAT~! HS87 nigga that's that, I'm done (VIBE WIT ME) [ScHoolboy Q] No need for me to gettin involved You'll get hit with a bat and wrapped in a cloth Uh, razor blades, shanks and fades Everybody on the floor or they K'd (yah! YAH!) Uh, my young gliggity Glock  Got on my crotch stay ready and cocked Can't wrap me in a bag, I'm goin pop Uh, new Rollie, so heavy metal Wanna rock? Gotta hustle, nonstop [Casey Veggies] Look, wash yo' hands before you shake mine You was talkin shit I heard it through the grapevine Yeah, it's a lot of boppers on the sideline So the young baller had to go baseline I'm a black nigga with money like Akon You mad the squad winnin, that's a hate crime Peas and carrots, live and grow, that's my day job Young Veggie attract hoes like a Drake song [Xzibit] West, California, Christopher Dorner manifesto Hit-Boy, hip-hop I started on the metro But now I'm in that retro, Ferrari two-seater With the pedal to the floor, got it singin like Aretha If you scared, get a dog or a preacher Hit the hot spot with a bitch resemblin Mona Lisa Priceless, I'm righteous, I walk the talk I am cooked cocaine, you are softer than chalk (West) Cause your bite ain't as bad as your bark After dark, you inside like an embryo, I swim with the sharks Cause now I smell blood in the water I'm takin over like the New World Order, witness the gangland slaughter The WEST~!! ...Bitch! [Rick Ross] {M-M-M-Maybach Music} Still sippin Rosé back seat of the Rolls Kilos on the Cuban link, they thought it was Hov's Fascinated with gold, sneakers and talented hoes Before you get to cruise, you paddle the boat Elevated to elevators, had to walk flights Young niggaz lick shots for them Air Nikes [Method Man] Yo, ride with me, although the driver's tipsy Avoid them officers {*WHOOP*} callin fifties to get me They call me talk of the city, never talkin the jiggy  Man, I'd rather talk to Whitney, condolences to Bobbi Krissy Ballin I'm forreal, I got NBA skill Make me feel a +Lil Scrappy+ with the Stevie J grill And y'all ain't gotta ask me if it's Homicide Hill, nah Don't even ask me - this is homicide HERE [Redman] Yo, I'm from the era of Biggie Smalls TLC's "Waterfalls", buyin dimebags by the mini-mall I gotcha whole city logged online Disrespect mine, I be throwin ones like a titty bar (let's go!) You fuckin with a grown man, boy I +Plug Two+ like Trugoy, send that memo on your Android For 10 G, you can talk to the boss My experience, I'm like Jordan on the court, nigga! [Raekwon] Pyrex pots and Guess shorts Yo, weed flow is the best sport, now I'm underwater flippin quarters The coldie gold, tackle the globe, Black Mac in the robe Metal mag, core straps, shit is gold Partyville and Hennessy fiend,I'm blessed, it was a dream He had his team movin tight like skinny jeans You know by any means, we will bring the magazines out And clap everything down like little geeses All ride with ninas, coolin in cuisines Yo the whores is givin top in the back, I ordered wings Spray shit up to smithereens, steppin off in suede shit Shake your hand, blow you head up in killa Queens Yo the dons know what it do, I'm just that fly  in the interview, wintertime grindin it seems Remember the pledge of allegiance, to the team  with more reasons: More firepower and more squeezes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: IAM f/ Redman & Method Man Album: Noble Art 12" Song: Noble Art Typed by: number_seven1@caramail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro] w/ (French *Ad-libs*) [Method] Yeah, now that I got the blood, let me speak on this aight [Redman] Yeah, I hear a lot of kick in this bitch [Redman] Turn the music up in this motherfucker [Method] Other side of the track niggaz [Method] Method Man, Redman, IAM [Redman] Let's get it dirty [Redman] Yeah, we back live again [Redman] It's the world wide niggaz (*echo*) [Verse 1 - Redman] + (Method Man) Ladies and germs, it's pandemonium, brick Napolean Doc and Meth, all in ya girl falopian Fuck you up, like a double-stacked Pokemon Peek-at-you/Pikachu, your a puss (?Dat lowly man?) I'm from the brick, where there's real car thieves Rock this funky joint, like P.R.P.'s Tricks up my sleeve, just give me an hour I bang two women, on the Eifel Tower [Freeman] Mes dits saignent, y'a tempête, voici un son d'compet' Pour l'occas', Rhô, on ramène sur la poudrière l'allumette Celle qui régénère, la base, et les crimes qu'on n'a pu commettre Sur disque pour la peine v'là 5 comètes [Shurik'N] D'entrée le team occupe le ring comme Ali Déjà ça pâlit sentant le péril proche le cur Kaki la plume façon coup de pioche phalange active Place la droite en sortie de rotative, ressent la force vive L'énergie de ce son où on sévit à vie C'est le chant que nos tripes entonnent comme un choc électrique Chaque phrase touche égotrip ou métaphorique Blast les blasés sur actif puissant submersible Vise l'esprit fier irascible, IAM irréductible [*Cut and stratch* "Rock the beat"] [S] Dès le départ, faut que tu comprennes [R] Understand that Redman got a gun  And when I cock it back, FIRE, I am, somebody [M] Roll up, or we throw up drinks, until we throw up [R] Aiyyo, right off the back, I want y'all to know [A] Que c't‘équipe secoue le têtes, y'a le fire dans le show [R] I am, somebody [F] Sens l'atmosphère, la haute sphère, la sale rime Rhô [Verse 2 - Method Man] Yo, the bigger they are, the harder they fall I got some con's, that love songs, harder than y'all I don't fear nothin' at all, frontin' at all I even got female cops, bustin' my balls Don't mess with my mess, my disc in effect Like the clip in the Tech, ya riskin' ya neck If ya fixin' to flex, come wit ya best Or don't come, name a track I don't run [Akhenaton] + (Redman) J'débarque sec à la Starsky C'est la guerre (Massive!) T'sais que c'est parti, esprit de panthère Siège dans mes dits d'artiste, sans comédie ni médire J'connais c'biz estampillé, mec averti qui médite [Shurik'N] Tu reconnais le son, tu veux ta part ? N'essaie même pas On sort cru jusqu'au sang surpuissant Faut que tu sentes l'aisance rimes et assonance Fait l'effort, capte le sens des textes à l'essence Le crew frappe grave dès sa naissance [Freeman] Eh! Mets tes mitaines, tes mythes aiment, quand t'imites pas, limite pas man Chacun son combat ici l'beat mène Donc v'là, on s'amène Et les cous' crient "Amen" Allez sonner l'gong, qu'on sert les gamelles V'là du noble art, nos bars, nos pars, briseur d'bobards Sur sol fixe et loin du gotha Sur son élevé aux pères Labat, créé pour abattre Chaque mesure qui s'présente, même si on doit m'abattre [*Cut and stratch* "Rock the beat"] [Verse 3 - Redman] I'm a animal, a real wise guy I don't talk, I let me boom bye, bye I shut down the clubs, and I hit the Ave DOC-TOR, fix a hole, like fix a flag SHEAH!, they yellin' out "He ain't shit!" Believe that, when I act like my weed ain't hit Def Jam, Vandetta, Jam Jay, forever Rock an umbrella, when I spit, nigga [Akhenaton] Plutôt warrior comme Holy Field, ma poésie prolifique Base mes origines au rap qui horrifie La masse qui crache des orifices La haine de l'habit comme on hait l'uniforme Pas l'homme et la forme de nos rimes horripilent Le poids des maux tue les clavicules Et les choix que l'Etat véhicule En laisse au régime, c'est la rage et l'écume Les traces du vécu sont les traces qu'on inflige au Ridim Terrorise comme les PSY 4 à coup d'crime auditif [Method Man] I'm rocking the fame, I'm hard-headed, my nuts the same I'm bringing dope back in the game, tap ya fame And get a fix, y'all ain't really seen bomb shit Even if you got Inspectah Deck, or Huns Blix Meth Man, Funk Doc, and IAM Got these half naked, Hollywood hoes, on spy cams Y'all know the program, get wit the program I ain't no singing nigga, this ain't no slow jam [Chorus x2] [*Cut and stratch* until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Icarus f/ Method Man, Stack-A-Dollar Album: The City Iz Mine Song: How Do U Want It Typed by: Davida.b. [Stack-A-Dollar] Ayo it's too bad, I just crashed a new Jag Too bad, get your new shoes and boots tagged You mad, ?wire your brains and dudes mass? Stack produce cash, my whole crew blast Niggas think they rich when they boost their stash Stack on Trick, now I just slap em with dick And I'm known for getting head in the back of the whip I'm either with Meth or Doc, Black or Ic Back to the script, my niggas flash massive chips While you was home watching the Facts of Life I was on your block cocking a mac and knife Trying to stack it right, gold displayed out Now its platinum or ice, you get your bragging rights When your cash is right, and if you niggas hold guns, better blast em right And if you flash your ice, better ante up nigga, or that's your life Yo, Stack, Ic & Meth flow sick to death Give it a rest, us three spit it the best Ice from the charm, fresh trees right from the farm Every night I got somebodies wife tight on my arm [Chorus: Icarus (Method Man)] Yo we can take it to the guns nigga (How do you want it?) Or we can take it to the knife nigga (Yeah, how do you want it?) Or we can take it to the hands nigga (Yeah, how do you want it?) (Not sayin that your woman don't own it like a hornet) X2 (Any way ya'll niggas want it, your paper good perfromance) (Got cornered, who want it?) [Method Man] You can catch Meth mashin, pass the cops, harrassin No classin, spazzin, shot on cash and Not a penny, I choose a heart away, if any It's something in me that make me want Moore than Deemi My man Icarus, S.I., can't get enough We stickin niggas up for that 'In God We Trust' Ya'll might fuck with htem, but you can't fuck with us Don't miss Tical's chamber, I'm too dangerous And it's been so long, uh huh, been so long Since I stuck my middle finger past your thong Bitch must I show & prove, I can't lose And you don't gotta look at my shoes to see I rule I do it for my niggas on run from law I do it for my bitches who boost clothes from stores Six in the morning, police at my door Got me locked up, not knowing what I'm locked up for [Icarus] Yo what the fuck have I done? Do you see what kind of trouble I've brung? This what happens when an M outta the W come Gangsta menage nigga, make you love the two guns Bust and you run, trust me, I handle them well I look at whoever called me, cameras held My right hand hit hard like a hammer to nail Damn I prevail, from when I used to plan in a cell Landed in jail, Ic back, nigga, get back Yo my name ring more than grandfather clocks While ya'll talk to much like barbershops Yo can ctach Ic in back of a Widebody 6 Watchin karate flicks and playin with mommy's tits I admit none of that, I'm the son of the east I got a gun under my fleece, balde under my teeth So when a nigga talk shit, I make him run to police Then I jump in the jeep, put the pump on my seat What I spend at the bar cost more than your mink Bartender mad, niggas at me ordering drinks I'm more than you think, the Benz got a toilet & sink My bullets will blow at your leg the moment you blink Tical & Ic, this is the wildest shit We gon make mothafuckers on the Island flip Not to mention Stack, his crime fowl is sick Three real niggas that don't smile for shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jayo Felony f/ DMX, Method Man Album: Whatcha Gonna Do LP/HavPlenty Soundtrack Song: Whatcha Gonna Do Typed by: badboyee77@juno.com *Chorus* I say I can give it to you but whatcha gon do wit it, I can give it to you but whatcha gon doo (2x) wha-wha wha-wha whaaat [Jayo Felony] I can give it to ya but whatcha gonna do wit it When I'm in Texas I'm bumpin' screw music With Big Mike and Scarface with Luke Luke Me and lil' Crook like Bo and Luke duke When I'm in Miami I go to scoop Luke to see the peep show and hit some duke shoot Went to Branson, back to back, Lex Coupe Up in "Harlem World" in my Timb boots Two suckers had beef so I watched them shoot Called up Benny Rat, copped a bullet proof Seen T-Funk he took us to the fruit Then he went to the Tunnell and brought down the roof Mink coats and moet, bitches drippin sweat Slang a cassette to Funkmaster Flex And now Im bumpin' on East Coast tapedecks Went from Swatch to platinum Rolex S.D., Jersey we getting more sex, flow next, go next *Chorus* *Hook* Im too sexy for my motherfuckin hood, hood Im too sexy for my motherfuckin low ridahh (2x) [Method Man] If my niggas cant eat then y'all niggaz can't sleep I just begun to creep, Nightmares on Elm Street Release from Jones Beach to South Beach, capeesh? Kickin dust as I bust, fuck peace And all them crooked cops on the beat My niggas bring the funk like your Grandpa feet Til death do us part, save my bullets for the charts With darts, like HBO watching after dark No love for a mark, even less for a trick That wanna be like Mike, Mike who my dick Real shit Hot Nicks Run wit my niggas that aint got shit Pop shit, and peddle poetry for profit One time, out for mine, but cant stop it Trying to keep they hands in my pocket So I bring obnoxious, infected lah that be toxic Leave the crime scene spotless Mix the green with the chocolate, here's the topic Niggas, synchronize your watches We goin in, wit nothin but a Clan logo Mr. meth, (DMX!) I'm running loco motherfucker *Chorus* *Hook* [DMX] I got a wicked flow and I'm gonna kick it yo, feel the pressure Snatching niggas up just like change off the dresser Niggas hit me with the best shit then what I shake that bullshit off *arf arf arf* then go nutz Ive been down too long, cant a motherfucker show me nothing Y'all bitch niggas is duckin me like you owe me something I got more homies than an esse, but lets say I couldnt talk you wouldnt walk my way on your best day The best way you can hope to get close to me Is right here under my wing like you're supposed to be The first time you start acting fuckin strange  Best to be ducking range Talkin shit wearing a fuckin' chain I break niggaz like promises Split em' open like Thomas' And sell more drugs than a pharmacist Strapped wit nothing but a rhyme a long history of violent crime Attitude that doesnt mind doing time *Chorus* *Hook* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: JoJo Pellegrino f/ Method Man Album: Forget About It Song: Up & At 'Em Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: JoJo Pellegrino (Method Man)] Pellegrino flow (Yeah, Mr. Meth, JoJo Pellegrino and my man Colegero, styled out, S.I.'s finest) [JoJo Pellegrino] I drink O.E.'s and blow trees that cripple the brain Told 'em South short suckas smoke the similar slang Witness the grain, I'm hip to this thing, simple and plain Who's voice is I-talians, my familia bang Click, bah, bah, be out to broke the fuck up in the game Besides the hairline, nothin' change, tuckin' your chain On some "How you doin'" shit, you luck which just change You step on my toes, I'm written you a stuck in your game Hold up, I personally feel this industry ain't nothin' but gas See what happens when I touch it with flames Pellegrino gone up in smoke like Cheech and Chong What the blood see, pissy on these streets with cons Beef with me, you in the reach of harm I lay you face down, ass up, like bitches on the beach with thongs Send Meth in your house, twice a month, reach the palms On some Staten Island shit, jerk-off, my team's strong [Chorus: Method Man (JoJo Pellegrino)] We roast them like, marshmallows over camp fire (Put the heat to his noggins and blow like hairdryers) Gutter like dollar bill drivers (Rap cyphers, who mugshots be on your most wanted fliers) Up and at 'em (up and at 'em) up and at' em, up and at 'em (up and at 'em) Up and at 'em, up and at 'em (up and at 'em), up and at 'em, up and at 'em (up and at 'em) [Method Man] This is JoJo's dance, Staten Island advance In the crime round up, you see that Method to the Man Goin' back to basics, shit you can't taste with Style laced with, arsenic before you taste it Rap matrix, Gemini so you can face it I heard Rob Base'd it, bad boys retire out the game Just like Ma$e, dish it out and take it To where I'm bout to go, and everybody ain't gon' make it All In Together Now, follow me, the Method More individual, the enemy you slept with No love here, no tender, love and care For M.C.'s I'm starvin', niggas best prepare for consumption For wack assumptions, bitch you catch a bad one or somethin' A sicker shot, gun, you don't know where put the put, the pump gun Jumpin', jumpin', get crunk in and drunk inside the function [JoJo Pellegrino] Meth, I keep 'em on they toes like some hooker's sportin' 2-inch heels My life's a rap song, applyin' it to 2-inch reels Sore play in broad day, stupid, I got the dumb raps Take heads to school like yellow buses, give 'em dunce caps Put the word out, Pellegrino put the worms out Plot to turn out, remain cool and watch 'em burn out Cock suckas wanna dirt now, I got them under pressure Like it's bottom of the 9th, 2 strikes, second out I'm South short up, everythin' is gangsta Murderous, various tools like Pergament's Turn your back, tournaments the turbulence Flow so terrible, JoJo Pelle-who? Block your services, and so what I chill in the gutter Burn trees in pool halls, and fuck with women in color Guess what?, thought of dumb-dumbs, I'm down for the cause Put an album in stores, and pimp these hooks like a house full of whores Puttin' food up in the mouths of my dogs To fuck, you clappin', we fire, raps for applause The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jonell f/ Method Man Album: How High Soundtrack/Round & Round CD-5 Song: Round & Round (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jonell] All the game that you were spittin, I know that you was trippin Never thought to see me dippin but I had to get missin I'm tired of you stressin me, why don't you let it be Comin around cussin me, fuckin wit me mentally Goodbye, don't wanna see your face no more So long, pack your bags wan't you out the door Cause, every time that I play this ruggy Time and time again it's gonna rain It's gonna rain it's gonna rain it's gonna rain [Method Man] There you go again flippin on me One minute we the shit next minute you shittin on me So what's the problem huh? No wait, let me guess, gimme some space And some place to get a load of your chest No better yet you don't get enough attention at home And when I'm gone I don't even think to pickup the phone I'm dead wrong, now your fed up, packin my stuff, fuckin my head up And I see it in your face right now you wish I shut up [Chorus: Jonell] I really don't know what you came here for Round and around we go! Consider your bags outside the door Round and around we go! I really don't know what you came here for Round and around we go! Consider your bags outside the door Round and around we go! [Jonell] If you don't understand where I'm comin from then my heart is tellin me you're not the one All the games you played and now you lied You're not the one, for me no more so baby bye bye Pack yo' bags and get to steppin You got to let it go you need to stop trippin I hope you don't think I'll let you back in cause youse, a, fool [Chorus: Jonell] I really don't know what you came here for Round and around we go! Consider your bags outside the door Round and around we go! I really don't know what you came here for Round and around we go! Consider your bags outside the door Round and around we go! [Jonell] Don't waste, your time Ya blew me once but not a second time Now it's time for you, to go away I packed your things nothing else for us to say......but...bye!!! [Method Man] I was gutter when ya met me, gutter when ya left me Gutter when ya came back face it nothin can change that Not romance nor romance counselin You drop the ball now i'm bouncin Find me a room burn up an ounce and Waitin for my baby to call foregive it all On some break up to makeup shit givin me draws I dore mi amor, but everytime she choose to go to war I'm lookin at the front door [Jonell] To-day I made up my mind - to get away Every-day, I sit and pray, everyday, every-day To-day I made up my mind - to get away Every-day, I sit and pray, everyday, every-day [Chorus: Jonell] I really don't know what you came here for Round and around we go! Consider your bags outside the door Round and around we go! I really don't know what you came here for Round and around we go! Consider your bags outside the door Round and around we go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Wells f/ J-Ro, KB I Mean, Method Man Album: The Digital Master Song: It Don't Stop Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Dubbed voice] Digital master [Method Man] Uh Oh like Lumidee, if Meth ain't that shit by now, I'm soon to be When I choke hold mics, I don't give em room to breathe I'm just doin me, but bitch if you fine, I'll do you free By now if you don't know who it be, don't make me tell Just know I Killa Mike like that kid from ATL If you fail to plan, baby plan to fail Man my game ugly as that nigga Sam ??? I'm so funky, I can't even stand the smell Come on, life's a drag, roll it up and inhale Don't get comfy, I cramo your style like a monkey Even +Deemi+ needs +Moore+ than Ashton Kutcher to punk me My four five barks Just one shot is enough to clear the block like it's time for 106 & Park Staten Island dropping your ass, we mean business With guns that put a shot in your ass like free clinics [Chorus 2X: Method Man & J. Wells] Everytime we drop the top it don't stop Everytime we pop the glock it don't stop Everytime we rock the block it don't stop As long as the product good, they gon cop [J-Ro] It's the bar barbarian, big butt carrying Hittin urban areas from ??? to Maryland My Lincolm Navigate, my name on the plate My name is J-Ro, biatch, get that shit straight No time for those who hate, I'm too busy putting dinner on the plate And rocking old Chevys with the candy paint and gold flake Hail to the land of earthquakes and real niggas and fakes The 'Ro rocking with the Method, you might as well accept it My flow is so killer it'll probably get arrested I'm bumpin Bob Marley, sippin hobbs and barley I'm old and dangerous like poisen calamari Don't fuck with Likwit, but you didn't believe Now your ass in hot water just like a teaf leaf Everytime we drop the top, here comes the cops Everytime we rock your pop, the bottles pop [Chorus 2X f/ KB I Mean ad-libs] [KB I Mean] I run through tracks like Maurice Green KB I Mean, more to life than the air you breathe Cheese, get a piece, I been part of the streets Sweet liquid, my niggas will chip part of your teeth Big beats like bloa, wow They call your boy the golden child, I flow for miles Classic, better check my foul I'm not the one, been on the run, blow my lungs animal style I'm a wild son of a gun, sign of the times I'm the king, so the prince my son That's one, get punched like clocks and chumps Pop the trunk, watch me stunt, you flinch, get jumped I'm sick everyday of the month No cure for sure, I'm the nigga they want Spit raw, so everytime you bite my style Just remember that it was J-Ro, KB & Meth Tical, nigga [Chorus 2X] [Outro: J. Wells] Shouts out to EP, Big Bonzi J. Wells, Liquid Entertainment, for all you haters Please turn your radios up as loud as they go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kaos Brought f/ Method Man Album: Tag Toe Edition Song: Bust Shots (Remix) Typed by: pneumatic [Intro: Kaos Brought] Uhh huh, The remix Uhh, Yall know what it is Koas Brought Method Man, (2 Times) Sack of funk, (Uhh) Company Records, (What's up B-Way) [Chorus 2X: Kaos Brought] Bust shots, Holdin down the rock for the west-a Suckas want static, I upload the teck-a Hustle from the block, Shot, Been livin Viesta Busta who I be, The k to the aos-a [Method Man] Church, Now, Uhh Ohh, Like ??? Man if Mef aint that shit by now, I'm soon to be When I choke hold mics, I don't give em room to breathe I'm just doin me, But bitch if your fine, I'll do ya free By now if yall don't know who it be, Don't make me tell Just know that a killa mic, Like that kid from ATL If you fail a plan, Baby plan to fail Man my game ugly, As that nigga Sam Cassell I'm so funky, I can't even stand to smell, (Come on) Life’s a drag, Roll it up, Hand in hand Don't get comfy, I'll clip your style like a monkey Even then you'll need more than Aston Kutcher to punk me My 4-5 bars, Just one shot will clear the block like it's time for 106 & Park Staten Island droppin your ass, We mean business We quick to put a shot in your ass, Like free clinics [Kaos Brought] See death around the corner, Now I'm all up on ya Silencer on my 4-5, Yeah I'm bout to dome ya You tell by the weed, That it's California I-A ready for gun play I'm masked like OJ from the 5-0 on the freeway for the game Niggas is wack and lame I'll knock out your jaw frame and make you mumble my name I'm thirsty, Niggas can't work me The Uda, Pussy recruiter, Sharp Shooter, The hood remover Bullets is all net, That mean I shoot right through ya Kaos Brought don't give a fuck, What hit ya You can tell I be startin, Why you hoes up in my Chucks nigga So get out my path, I feel a wrath I feel a blast like you opened up the door on back draft The new Ice Cube, Takin pictures with toe tags Fuck all that blunt shit, I'm back to Zig Zags Still feel the calico type of flow, To let a peasant know That this W coast will do it the most Fuck all that Docey doe, And Hokey poke I've been bustin heat with barrels long as telescopes My Ingle Watts bangas in the cut, Ready to roll Hennessy drinkin, Wag wavers, And endo smoke I guess it's bout time I let you punk niggas know Don't ask me where I'm from, I bang the whole west coast [Kaos Brought] You can tell I'm from the west coast, Home of the best smoke Home of the hood rat, Home of the finest hoes Home of the octagon, City of the champions Fuck what your going through, Pass me the marijuan Niggas get blitzed and be talkin that gangsta shit Then just hit em with somethin that'll have em fakin they last shit I go Black Panther style, Against the law If my right hand jam I start bustin the south paw Break out the tissue, Hand em out, They gonna miss you I'ma have your whole family standin in line waitin to kiss you America's most wanted part dues is in progress So when you land in LAX you better watch every step It's filled with land mines, And bomb threats one time Then suckas with bad ??? is the niggas who meet they maker Balls so hard, Just call be Mr. Laker Flashin my card, I'ma world famous player The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelly Price f/ Method Man Album: Mirror, Mirror Song: Like You Do Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Method Man] Hey love, hey love Hey love, whoo, hmm-hmm-hmm Yo hey love you're the girl that I adore Every time I go on tour I want you more and more Ma I am yours, mi amor My ghetto Zsa Zsa Gabor Don't be snitching to the law Or ever give up my draws You're Fly Robin Fly That apple of my eye Crooked eye this is what it sounds like when thugs cry Baby you're like the silent kind That can tell a good joke, my funny valentine Roll an L and still smoke it at the same time Blow your spine I ain't got to ask whose - is this You know it's mine FOREVER Stop the regrets and baby let's get it together Taking these vows for worst or better And if so I got you Holding you down like your pops do You were the pants I'll were the crown Ain't nobody gon' love you this way And ain't nobody gon' f- like Jolly J [Kelly] I had enough of love Was tired of the lying and the game I told myself that men were all the same Then suddenly my world began to change Cause that's when I found you 1 - Ain't nobody  Loving me like you do baby  Can't nobody  Make me feel the way I'm feeling  Ain't nobody  Loving me like you do baby  No one for me like you baby Now I can smile again baby Cause lonely days are gone since you are here Erase the pain and changed the way I feel Now I believe that love can be for real I pray that you never leave Repeat 1 Don't mean to brag But it's the things you do Don't mean to talk But it's the way you love me Feels like its heaven when I'm here with you The way you love me makes me happy [Method Man] Yo now ain't no woman like the one I got She floss hot to trot keep my manhood rock Real deal when she give me something I can feel And still jumpin' out the bed to cook a meal For her boo, we share like Sonny and Cher I got you babe and I'll be there You ain't got to have a care in the world The scenario when boy meets girl I'll give you dough to fix your curl The birds and the bees, the flowers and the trees Me and you bucking naked all out the sheets All I wanna do is make ya happy Just ask me I'll give you the world if I can fit it through the door I'm like the love boat ALL ABOARD Docking in your seashore I give it to you raw like Voule'vo, cuse, aver ma Excusame, que't que't menage'tois Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Limp Bizkit f/ Method Man * Album: Significant Other Song: N 2 Gether Now Typed by: Bjammin20@aol.com * ONLY Limp Bizkit lyrics featuring RAP artists will be accepted Dj....Premier... (Fred Durst) Uh uh uh Who could be the boss? Look up to the cross Stranded in the land of the lost Standin up I'm sideways I'm blazin up the path  Runnin' on the highways of rap Choked up by the smoke and the charcoal Lava stamps then brands me like a bar code I'm bashin all the media strikes To keep the media dykes  As reinforcements for the fight And that alone'll keep John Gotti on the phone I'm tangled in the zone  I got the bees on the track Where the fuck you at? (Tical!) Let me hear you pigeons run ya mouth now (Meth: Shut the fuck up!) I'm pluggin in them social skills  That keep my total bills Over a million The last time I checked it Thank God I'm blessed with a mind that'll wreck it Wait until the second round and knock em out (Method Man) They call me Big John Stud My middle name Mud Dirty water flow  Too much for you thug And can't stand the flood  What up Doc? Hold big gun like Elmer Fudd The sureshot Mr. Meth I'm unplugged (learn) Temperatures too hot for sunblock (burn) Playin wit minds That get you state time Locked behind 12 bars from a great mine Killa bees in the club Wit his ladybug Brought a sword to the dance floor Then cut her up Love is love all day Till they throw slugs And take another life in cold blood Can't feel me til its your blood Murder rates tremendous Crime is endless Same shit different day Father forgive us They know not what they do All praise is due I'm big like Easy And Big Bamboo Chorus(Meth) 2x Whats that, I didn't hear you (Shut the fuck up) Come on, a little louder (Shut the fuck up) Everybody in together now (Shut the fuck up) What huh (Just shut the fuck up shut the fuck up) (Meth) Headstrong, dead calm (Method and Fred: GET RIGHT ON!) Dead weight to dead wrong, let's get it on Twelve rounds I throw down, who hold crown Protect land wit 4 pound, Limp Bizkit Get around like merry-go, bust a scenario Comin through your stereo, why risk it? Lifestyles of the prolific and gifted 8 essential vitamins and minerals delicious Word on the street is, they bit my thesis Knocked out they front teefers, tryin to taste mine Actin like they heard it through the grapevine Dope fiendin for the bassline 2 for 5 rhyme Pharmaceuticals - hard as nails to the cuticles Where you find that monster she beautiful Wu Tang and Limp Bizkit roll on the set Kick a hole in the speaker pull the plug and inject (Fred Durst) Mic check So whats it all about? (bout) And where we gonna run? (run) Maybe we can meet up on the sun Discretion is advised For the blood of virgin eyes We limpin on the track with the Method So get the sunblock (sunblock) You gettin one shot (haa) Until you dissolve I revolve Around everything you got From outta nowhere Prepare You be blinded by the glare I told you not to stare Now you're turned into stone Without a microphone But don't you forget you're in a zone (So shut the fuck up) And take that shit back Cuz all your shits wack (Doo doo is doo doo) When its weighed out like that Burnin up your brain like a piston So all those that didn't listen Now they even knew what they were missin And never even knew that the sky was fallin' down Wu Tang Clan for the crown Chorus 2x (Meth) It was over your head All day and every day S I N Y 10304 Wu Tang Killa Bees And the Limp B-I-Z-K-I-T Y'all know the time Y'all know the rhyme It ain't easy bein greazy in a world full of cleanliness And, you know, all that other madness We gone Peace Limp Bizkit Method Man Rock the house y'all Bring it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Limp Bizkit f/ Method Man, Pharrell Williams (N.E.R.D.) Album: New Old Songs Song: N 2 Gether Now - All in Together Now (The Neptunes Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, Bjammin20@aol.com [Lady talking] Ladies and gentlemen, here comes the stone rockers I mean some real playas But tonight, they gon' do it all in together [Fred Durst talking] Uh, check on, uh Limp Bizkit [Fred Durst (Method Man)] Uh Who could be the boss Look up to the cross Stranded in the land of the lost Standin up I'm sideways I'm blazin' up the path Runnin' on the highways of rap Choked up by the smoke and the charcoal Lava stamps then brands me like a bar code I'm bashin' all the media strikes To keep the media dykes As reinforcements for the fight And that alone'll keep John Gotti on the phone I'm tangled in the zone I got the bees on the track Where the fuck you at (Tical!) Let me hear you pigeons run ya mouth now (Shut the fuck up) I'm pluggin' in them social skills That keep my total bills over a million The last time I checked it Thank God I'm blessed with a mind that'll wreck it Wait until the second round and knock em' out [Method Man] They call me Big John Stud My middle name Mud Dirty water flow Too much for you thug And can't stand the flood What up Doc, hold big gun like Elmer Fudd the sureshot Mr. Meth I'm unplugged (Unplugged) Temperatures too hot for sunblock (Burn) Playin' with minds That get you state time Locked behind 12 bars from a great mine Killa bees in the club with his ladybug Brought a sword to the dance floor to cut a rug Love is love all day Till they throw slugs And take another life in cold blood Can't feel me till its your blood Murder rates tremendous Crime is endless Same shit different day Father forgive us They know not what they do All praise is due I'm big like Easy And Big Bamboo [Hook: Pharrell William (Method Man & Fred Durst) x2] Whats that, I didn't hear you (Shut the fuck up) Come on, a little louder (Shut the fuck up) Everybody in together now (Shut the fuck up) What huh (Shut the fuck up) Oh (Shut the fuck up) [Method Man] Headstrong, dead calm, get it right on Dead weight to dead wrong, let's get it on Twelve rounds I throw down, who hold crown Protect land with 4 pound, Limp Bizkit Get around like merry-go, bust a scenario Comin' through your stereo, why risk it Lifestyles of the prolific and gifted 8 essential vitamins and minerals delicious Word on the street is, they bit my thesis Knocked out they front teefers, tryin to taste mine Actin like they heard it through the grapevine Dope fiendin for the bassline 2 for 5 rhyme Pharmaceuticals, hard as nails to the cuticles Where you find that monster she beautiful Wu-Tang and Limp Bizkit roll on the set Kick a hole in the speaker pull the plug and inject [Fred Durst] Mic check So what's it all about (Bout) And where we gonna run (Run) Maybe we can meet up on the sun Discretion is advised For the blood of virgin eyes We limpin' on the track with the Method So get the sunblock (Sunblock) You gettin' one shot (Ha) Until you dissolve I revolve Around everything you got From outta nowhere Prepare You be blinded by the glare I told you not to stare Now you're turned into stone Without a microphone But don't you forget you're in a zone (So shut the fuck up) And take that shit back Cause all your shits wack (Doo doo is doo doo) When its weighed out like that Burnin' up your brain like a piston So all those that didn't listen Now they even knew what they were missin' And never even knew that the sky was fallin' down Wu-Tang Clan for the crown [Hook x4] [Method Man to fade] It was over your head All day and every day S.I., N.Y. 10304 Wu-Tang Killa Bees And the Limp B-I-Z-K-I-T Y'all know the time Y'all know the rhyme It ain't easy bein' greasy in a world full of cleanliness And, you know, all that other madness We gone, peace Limp Bizkit Method Man Rock the house y'all Bring it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Limp Bizkit f/ DMX, Method Man, Redman, Swizz Beatz Album: Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water * Song: Rollin' (Urban Assault Vehicle) Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com * also appears on "The Fast and the Furious" soundtrack [Fred Durst] Play the fuckin track! Play that fuckin track!! Oh there it is Limp Bizkit! DMX (what?) Redman (that's right y'all) Method Man We just keep on rollin baby Are you ready... Are you ready... Are you ready!!! [HOOK: Fred Durst] Move in now move out! Hands up, now hands down! Back up! Back up! Tell me what you gonna do now! Breathe in, now breathe out! Hands up, now hands down! Back up! Back up! Tell me what you gonna do now! [C'mon!] You keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Uh!] Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [What!] Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Uh!] Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin [Fred Durst] Now I know y'all be lovin this shit right here L-I-M-P, Bizkit is right here People in the house put them hands in the air Cause if you don't care, than we don't care See I, ain't givin a fuck, quit pressin your luck Untouchable, branded unfuckable So keep me in this cage, until you run that mouth Then I'ma have the plague, and break the fuck out And then we'll see who's left, after one round wit X And what am I bringin next? Just know it's Red and Meth So where the fuck you at punk? Shut the fuck up! And back the fuck up, while we fuck this track up! Are you ready... Are you ready... Are you ready!!! [HOOK] [Method Man] Oh what, y'all thought y'all wasn't gon' see me? Check my, dangerous slang atrocious When I let these nuts hang, focus, it's Wu Tang What the fuck's a Hootie and the Blowfish I wave my Black Flag at the roaches who approaches, these twin, supersoakers Who have poisonous darts for culprits Too late to get your blow gun un-holstered You're left buttered up and lightly toasted So what, I drink and smoke too much So what I cuss too much, shut the fuck up! [Redman] Yo, yo Now when we roll, you motherfuckers tuck in your gold Cause for the platinum, I'm jackin niggaz up in limos It ain't nothin, for bullets to unbutton your clothes Description, yellow male, tissue up in his nose You bitches, swing the vine on the babboon nuts I'm hairy as hell, outta hell and tattoed up I'm a dog only fuck in the bathroom, what? In high school, I dealt only with the classroom sluts [Method Man] My name is, Johnny, Donnie, Brasco Tuck the gat low, cut your cash flow Yell if you want money, funny A hungry dummy snatch crumbs from me Doc and Hot Niks, bodies in the mosh pit [Redman] Yo, and I'm the D.O., you lookin at the raw invented on Friday, I spit 35 to 40 minutes Smell up the bathroom like Craig paw was in it Endin up, on your back, Wu swords up in it Anyone can match me I crack 'em all to Guinness Fuck how many thugs players and ballers in it Brick City, Shaolin, better call us sinners Boys that'll run up in your wife, maul and spill it PPPPPPP P- P- POW! [AAAAAAAAAHH!] Yo he said c'mon!! [HOOK] [DMX] It just don't get no darker than that kid with the Parker Baldhead with the boots who shoots to make it spark Now I'm a fair nigga, but ain't nann nigga quicker than the hair-trigga, so if you dare nigga It'll be like your man tryin to hold yo' brain to yo' head But you'll be shittin on yourslef cause you, already dead And at the funeral you won't need a casket Leavin just enough of him to stuff in a basket A tisket a tasket, I really need my ass kicked My moms never let me forget, that I'm a bastard I ain't never been shit, and ain't gon' be shit That's why I take shit, whenever I see shit It's just that D shit, D's short for do what I wanna do And that's what I'm gonna do, right here in front of you And I'll be runnin you and your man straight up out While y'all niggaz ain't runnin a FUCKIN thing but yo' mouth [DMX bark] AAAAAAAAHHH!!! [HOOK] [Durst] You, wanna mess with Limp Bizkit [yeah] You can't mess with Limp Bizkit [why?] Because we get it on, [when?] every day and every night [oh] See this platinum thing right here? [uh huh] Well we doin it all the time [what?] So you better get some better beats And uh, get some better rhymes [oooh!] You really, really, really wanna get shit started Well people everywhere just get retarded Get retarded, get retarded, people everywhere just get retarded! [HOOK] That's right baby! Watch out punk! Limp Bizkit! DMX! Method Man! Redman! And Swizz Beatz! Where the fuck you at?! [DMX bark] Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Bump that shit! Ruff Ryders! Punk! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Canibus, DMX, Method Man, Redman Album: Phenomenon Song: 4, 3, 2, 1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Redman] Hahh [Method] hah [Method] Yeah [Redman] yeahhh [LL Cool J]	Make it butter [Redman]	I'm gonna Bankhead bounce! [LL Cool J]	No doubt [Redman]	Aiyyo watch yo mouth! [Redman]	Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven 		Blaze the hot [LL Cool J]	trizack that sound like heaven 		Seven six five four three two one 		My mon Meth-Tical come and get some [Method Man] Playin my position, hot Nixon This one, for all the sick ones, confliction Posionous darts sickening, best believe finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sunnin you Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who? Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu [Redman] Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga Turnin Christian to a certified sinner The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes) While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe Shit I kept low, petro' your metro Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see When I approach rappers be takin notes I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat Absolut, I love to burn to the roots I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots Vigilante hardcore to the penis Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic [Canibus] I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?" I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on anybody who ain't close enough to shit on Zero to sixty? I'm already doin a hundred when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it [DMX] Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions? Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give than receive, believe what I say when I tell you Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you And when the lights is out, they don't come back on This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet? Want heat? One deep, leave him behind, front seat [Redman]	Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four 		[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven 		Blaze the hot trizack [Method]	Shine like heaven 		Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four 		[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one [Redman]	Come on Mr. Smith, come get some! [LL Cool J] When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up) The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur How dare you step up in my dimension Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard") Every little boy wanna pick up the mic and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight Snappin, you ameteur MC's Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh) In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up) Now let's get back to this mic on my arm If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize And I'm daring every MC in the game to play yourself out position, and mention my name I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Canibus, DMX, Master P, Method Man, Redman Album: Father 12" Song: 4, 3, 2, 1 (E-Dub Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash HUHHHHHH! [Erick Sermon] Def Jam, No Limits [Master P] No Limit [Erick Sermon] Def Squad [Redman] Wu-Tang, and beyond [Redman]	Aiyyo, one two three four five six seven 		Blaze the hot [LL Cool J]	trizack that sound like heaven 		Seven six five four three two one 		My mon Meth-Tical come and get some [Method Man] Playin my position, hot Nixon This one, for all the sick ones, confliction Posionous darts sickening, best believe finger itchin with two broke legs, now I'm trippin on MC's cliche, shot that ricochets start trouble bust bubbles, hip to wicked ways Gotta love me, G-O-D no one above me Look good but fuck ugly, tap your jaw from my Punch Buggy sunnin you Got you shittin in your last Huggie, runnin who? Fuckin punk, get a speed bump comin through A single shot make your knees knock, respect Wu [Redman] Aiyyo I put it on a nigga, shit it on a nigga Turnin Christian to a certified sinner The bomb I release, time pent up (explodes) While you got set up I was hittin your ex hoe Shit I kept low, petro' your metro Politic, keep the chickenheads gobblin Shit I'm drivin in, come with funk halogen Terrorize your city, from the spliff committee Kick ass till both Timberlands turn shitty Gritty, smack the driver's head in the chin see When I approach rappers be takin notes I drop like I shoulda invented the raincoat Absolut, I love to burn to the roots I keep comin til your pour sperm from your boots Vigilante hardcore to the penis Tell you fuck you my attitude is anemic [Canibus] I'm the illest nigga alive, watch me prove it I snatch your crown witcha head still attatched to it Canibus is the type who'll fight for mics Beatin niggaz to death and beatin dead niggaz to life When you look at me long enough, I start to read your thoughts if the signal was strong enough, and then I'll call your bluff like, "Yo, how many rhymes you got?" I think I'll go on for more Milleniums than Mazda's got on the car lot And there's nowhere to run ta, when I confront ya Nigga, I call your bluff like you had a phone number Who wanna see Canibus get wild, who wanna act fly and get shot down with a surface-to-air missile I take em on in all shapes sizes and forms and spit on anybody who ain't close enough to shit on Zero to sixty? I'm already doin a hundred when I'm blunted and I give it to any nigga that want it [DMX] Stay out the dark, cause if I catch you when the sun is down Run it clown, come up off that, or I'm gon' gun it down When in doubt, however skull goes, it's gon' be that See that, that shit'll finish you dawg, believe that Where we at, do your value your life, as much as your possesions? Don't be a stupid nigga, learn a lesson I'm gon' get you either way, and it's better to live Let me get what's between your sock, cause it's, better to give than receive, believe what I say when I tell you Don't make me put your somewhere where nobody'll smell you And when the lights is out, they don't come back on This ain't a flick you ain't gon' come back on, you ain't that strong You knew it was wrong, but you asked for it baby You'se a pink nigga, ski mask for it baby so I can hit you up on front teeth, you think I'm sweet? Want heat? One deep, leave him behind, front seat [Master P] Got my mic on, it's time to get rowdy Got homies from the N-O to the N-Y, Bout It Bout It I break bread with the ballers Professional killers, and shot callers I got game from the South to the West to the East to the middle now remember me A young nigga with the gold teeth bumpin Keep the crowd jumpin, gotta say something UNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGHHH, now have a Coke and a smile The party don't stop but it get buckwild Pass the Hennessey and weed, just blaze one See a shorty, let's play one for the cookies you can't be a rookie I'm a No Limit Soldier, that's why they book me Master P rock bells, hell But I gotta give it up to my homey LL [Redman]	Aiyyo, one [Meth] two [Red] three [Meth] four 		[Red] five [Meth] six [Red] seven 		Blaze the hot trizack [Method]	Shine like heaven 		Seven [Red] six [Meth] five [Red] four 		[Meth] three [Red] two [Meth] one [Redman]	Come on Mr. Smith, come get some! [LL Cool J] When young sons fantasize of borrowing flows tell little shorty with the big mouth the bank is closed (yeah, word up) The symbol on my arm is off limits to challengers You hold the rusty swords I swing the Excalibur How dare you step up in my dimension Your little ass should be somewher cryin on detention Watch your mouth better yet hold your tongue I'ma do this shit for free this time this one's for fun Blow you to pieces, leave you covered in feces with one thesis ("LL Cool J is hard") Every little boy wanna pick up the mic and try to run with the big boys and live up to the real hype But that's like pickin up a ball, playin with Mike Swingin at Ken Griffey or challengin Roy to a fight Snappin, you ameteur MC's Don't you know I'm like the Dream Team tourin overseas For rappers in my circle I'm a deadly disease Ringmaster, bringin a tiger cub to his knees (uhh) In the history of rap they've never seen such prominence Your naive confidence gets crushed by my dominance (word up) Now let's get back to this mic on my arm If it ever left my side it'd transform into a time bomb You don't wanna borrow that, you wanna idolize And you don't wanna make me mad nigga you wanna socalize And I'm daring every MC in the game to play yourself out position, and mention my name I make a rhyme for every syllable in your name Go platinum for every time your grimy ass was on the train Watch your mouth don't ever step out of line LL Cool J nigga, greatest of all time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ DMX, Method Man, Redman Album: G.O.A.T. Song: Fuhgidabowdit Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [LL Cool J] Get the fuck out of here, I'm LL Cool Soakin wet with bad bitches in the indoor pool [Redman] Yo what am I, an animal? [LL] Cuz I bagged your's too One bad mooley, nigga you can't school me I'm the G.O.A.T., what I wrote cause fire and smoke Think I started on the choir singin solo for the pope Tell your mama please, get up off her knees You can't wear yellow spandex wit a ass like cottage cheese Open toed shoes, feet smell like collard greens Toes *Kriss Krossed* like she on J. Dupri's team Bunyon you're sittin up like beach balls in the sand plus A mouth full of rotten teeth with a dildo in her hand Who the fuck let you in, all my assistants are fired Now I'm lookin for some washed up rapper that I can hire You know some old school nigga wit a bit of attitude Pay him $1500 to fuck a girl in an interlude You say I'm souped up, well, soup is good food So what I scratch my nuts, how the fuck is that rude For so glowin, afro pickin S-curl hatin, Jamaican rum sippin [Method Man] Kid I'll burp on your girl buttcheeks [LL] Cuz honey had my nuts like two red beets I'm bananas, out of my fuckin mind they won't let me back in Cuz I was down before the hype like Dusty Rhodes and Bob Backlund Bruno Samartino, Stan Staziak Now The Rock and Stone Cold are my favorite maniacs The top rooster pluckin, chickens when I'm cluckin WWF stands for When and Where we Fuckin Fuhgidabowdit Yo kid Fuhgidabowdit Fuhgidabowdit Yo, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, ey, Fuhgidabowdit Ey, ey, Fuhgidabowdit Eh, Fuhgidabowdit [Redman] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo I'm like Menace II Society I roll through the drive thru like Kane Jack you for the cheeseburgers and chicken wings, and Daytons too See my boys down the ride crack patience too Bricks, walk around, snorkel down Maccaroni and cheese Timbs broke out the orphan house Transportin out, the poison in 'em Box 'em up in the aisle with the frozen dinners [Method Man] And them niggas that ran... [Redman] My goal's to get 'em With the heat seekin flow wit, fo' antennas Doc's Da Name, that's why y'all fuck wit me I'm pocket change, the bums don't fuck with D Objective in 'em, Carlo inspection sticka Check the pen, I write like a X was in 'em Teeth grittin, I brawl wit a major league mitten [Meth] Where the stash at, punk [Red] Yo, yo, and he takin me wit him Fuhgidabowdit Yo, Fuhgidabowdit Ayo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, yo, yo, Fuhgidabowdit Yo dog, Fuhgidabowdit Yo you heard, Fuhgidabowdit Ayo you hear me, Fuhgidabowdit Yo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit [Method Man] Yo, this be a Cool J function, music get my blood pumpin Down for whatever, which usually means I'm up to somethin Who owe me somethin, them niggas in the back frontin They rockin cuffs and, put the eight up, rappercussion You know my name, so there's no need for introduction I'm Mr. Done it all, so none of y'all can do me nothing Bitch I'm grown, puffin on that one and bone Bet me and Queen Bee be swingin til the honey come Backs get blown, trash get thrown In headlocks, from this view, I'm fuckin Star Jones I'm red hot just like candy, in '95 won the Grammy [Redman] Yo, he use it as an ashtray now [Method] Niggas can't stand or understand me, yeah Either or, funky headhunter wild comanchees wit shitty draws What's that shit, what shit, that shit on your lip I can't smoke wit ya kid, but I'll save ya the clip... Fuhgidabowdit Ayo nigga, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, what the fuck, Fuhgidabowdit Yo, Fuhgidabowdit Uh, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX growl] Ayo dog, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX growl] Bitches can't stand me, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX growl] Still pullin down her panties, Fuhgidabowdit [DMX] The shit I see every day brings tears to my eyes How I holla at my niggas brings ears to my cries Stick niggas for not knowin, then teach 'em somethin Bitch niggas talkin bout you from the streets you frontin I never liked you, and you, I don't know So what the fuck you think is 'sposed to happen, we gon go Mono on mono, whatever nigga, I'm gon dust you If you can't take that ass whoopin, I'm gon' bust you Talkin to you like a lil nigga cuz you is But don't forget that daddy's gonna always love his kids Faggot niggas got the nerve to wan' know why I rob You guys are livin phat while everybody else'll starve! That pretty shit is lame, fuck what your name hold Break a nigga off somethin, watch a nigga gain fo' Now you layin somewhere cold, stiff as shit And all that riffin shit, mens will get you hit, bitch Fuhgidabowdit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Have Mercy f/ Method Man Album: Runaway Slave Song: These Men Don't Cry Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Lord Have Mercy] Yeah, uh, check it out, yea [Lord Have Mercy] We shall remain winners, for the haters, the pain lingers Don't play with us, we head huntin', your game switches The sour, the sweet, devour your fleet, we sinners By all means, victorious, the world witness I'm more vicious, for ya'll seven course delicious Silver spoons, we pillage crews, cause convictors The most wanted, my soul haunted, roads to riches Leave you broke on it, we spoke on it, cold as winters So hibernatin', sweet dreams, we violent apes With higher stakes, nightmare niggas that rhyme on tapes Inject the drugs, we messengers, from violent days Soon to come, just move from us, find your way In a world of hurt, backstabbers and murderers Niggas roll the bud, and burn a Dutch, I turn it up Just another notch, we smother spots across the globes On Fordham Roads in Metropolis, Boston foes [Chorus: Method Man (Lord Have Mercy)] These men don't cry (why) we just get even (even) Stop them from eatin', kill 'em all softly Of course we be (creepin') of course we be (reachin') Feel the force when we (reachin') [Chorus: Lord Have Mercy (Method Man)] [Method Man] Who, me? M-E-T, H, the O, the D, can't be done Like try'nna find a penny in the sea Nigga run, for cover son, go and get them guns Ya'll ain't from here, don't try to come around here gettin' one You get done here, just for askin' Stick the key in the lock to Pandora's Box Lungs collapsin', gaspin' for breaths Lord Have Mercy, it hurts me, to know Thirst is everything and I'm still thirsty Ask myself, who the boss label try'nna work me Next time, don't forget my dick when you jerk me Try'nna stop my conquest, I'm like a one legged man In an ass kicking contest, hah Walk a mile in my shoe, whoop an ass or two Cop a nasty attitude, still I ain't mad at you Hurry up and take your time, buck-ed naked nine Take your shores high, and make it mines, word Until we even, or one of us is barely breathin' Shaolin, we in the house, and we ain't leavin' The Loooooooooooooord Have Mercy, muthafucka [Chorus: Lord Have Mercy (Method Man)] [Chorus 2X: Method Man (Lord Have Mercy)] [Chorus: Lord Have Mercy (Method Man)] [Outro: Lord Have Mercy (Method Man)] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (hah) Johnny Blaze (hah!) Al Simmons (hah!) Wu-Tang (hah!) *Flipmode* (what?) Word is bond, Shaolin, Brooklyn What it look like, what it be like What it sound like, what it feel like, muthafucka (you know?) All day, Brooklyn to Staten Island, connected Put it all together, it's basic) Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Dog in Heat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Gimme that funk, mmm.. Funk, mmm.. yo gimme that Funk.. sho' nuff that Funk.. [Redman] Yo, yo Beware of the dogs, off the chain Fuck your whips at the club we piss in the parkin lanes Blow it up ten frames so you see it wide If your broad ain't fuckin she don't need to ride (beat it) She can crawl in the trunk with her knees inside by the spare, she hungry I'll feed her fries Cause I'ma, dog nigga, shot-call nigga My shotgun talk with a lecture hall scripture Applaud {*ahh*} bitch, shake that ass I getcha, drunk and high and duct tape that ass fast Then leave you on your daddy front lawn (ding dong) with your hair all fucked up, with one pump on Get stomped on, I take the money and run I'm a dog, shit I fuck right in front of your son If you ain't got Missy and Meth want me to spit the hot shit for you? Nigga, write your check [Missy] When you come home from work, I'm gon' make you do more work Pour some wine in the cup, sip sippin on sizz-urp Ohhh.. ohhh.. now we gon' make love to and in ya SLIDE, wanna take a ride When you with me oh so right, tell them boys not tonight Say you chillin witcho bitch and this is one y'don't wanna miss Uhh uhh.. cause this love right here is on fire (fire) SLIDE, wanna take a ride [Chorus: repeat 2X] I love it boy when you play this song Dead wrong, you know this record be turnin me on You keep me growlin like a dog in heat Hey wodie put it down make me sleep for weeks [Missy] You on the block layin low, from the cops layin low When you done let me know cause my love make you be like WHOA Ohhh.. ohhh.. cause I got yo' mind in the trenches SLIDE, let's take a ride Baby come give me some HEY WODIE ain't no other one can shine on my life and make me wanna stay the night Mmmm mmmm.. cause you put butterflies on my stomach SLIDE, baby won't you slide [Method Man] Yo yo I wanna gangsta BOOGIE with my GANGSTA BITCH Love it when the pussy talk back thanks to dick All my dogs (woof) playin the wall, get at these broads You ain't got no-ass-at'all, we ain't fuckin wit y'all I'm not your smooth lovin, see me at Casbah thuggin Hands where your Stove Top be stuffin Never catch Tical hand-cuffin, I'm in your party puffin Smellin like that Wu-Tang production Cousin tried to tell me pussy come a dime a dozen And when it come around I'll beat it down like percussion Missy come and get me, I'm bout to call Doc We can all meet up at Peanut's, I heard it was the spot Somebody roll the weed up, push the car lighter, kick your feet up Saturday Night, who got the Fever? Brought the flavor, of indonesia Puff puff give type procedures and this joint bumpin out your speakers [Missy] I'm gonna take you high to the top and let your body not reject me babe I'm gonna make you really love me I'm gonna make you scream don't stop But you must first respect his lady You must respect this lady The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Method Man Album: Under Construction Song: Bring the Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "One two three four five six seven eight nine!" - Chuck D 	"Are we on the air?" {*beat from Method Man's original "Bring the Pain" starts playing*} [Missy Elliott] Uhh, uhh .. {HA?} Uhh {HA?} uhh {HA?} Uhh, this is - uhh, a Missy Elliott - uhh, exclusive Uh-huh.. woo!! [Missy] And I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain Ooh baby, what's your name? {HA?} I love the way you're spittin the game You made me change from thinkin all guys the same You the type of guy I wanna marry in months Got exactly what I want {HA?} And ain't no fakin the funk Your attitude is funk and you're makin me crunk (c'mon) [Chorus: Missy - singing] Yes it's real baby Got me so crazy Light my fire dirty Like the way you serve me Stimulate my body Crunk just like a party Ohh, you won't be sorry My papi, I'm yo' mami [Missy] I'm in your life to come and let you explore {HA?} And take you on a tour The kind of guys that be talkin that noise Is the reason I ignore {UH-HA!} And you the one I wanna take to MEET MOMS "He's a rap superstar" {UH-HA!} I wanna be the one, you like I'm sure to do you right [Method Man] + (Missy) Is it real hon, if it's really real (let's chill) Maybe pop an X pill (how does sex feel?) Come and get your next thrill (you the raw deal) Yo I'm sayin if your man won't (Mr. Meth will) That's amore', all day, mind over matter And my forte' is foreplay, sex on a platter Have it your way, then who, serve you everything on the menu And all that freak shit that you into Sweet lady, you drive me half crazy Maybe, we can go half on a baby (on a baby?) Poppa got a brand new bag Hidden in the stash of his brand new Jag Lovely, kick your shoes off and get comfy We can bump uglies if you ain't got your monthly Yes I, like "American Pie" Tell 'em M-I-crooked letter-crooked letter-Y [Missy] M-E-T-H-O-D, Man M-I-S-S-Y, I am I came came to bang bang the boogie I see you lookin to bang out my nookie You want my cookies I baked for you rookies Work hard they want me to bang bang and stick me If you want my nookie you got to come quickly M-E-T-H-O-D is ya wit me? (Mr. Meth) is ya wit me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Method Man Album: Hell on Earth Song: Extortion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Yeah... Time to let these niggaz know Son Niggaz don't even wanna motherfuckin understand KnowhatI'msayin? Time to hit em with the third degree Yeah you know the QBC, here to drop a G Yo... Verse One: Havoc, Prodigy Look into the eyes, True Lies, your whole click despise Especially me, H-A-V-O-C Don't want your chick, cuz she's burning third degree Plus you snitchin, you ain't got no ties on me I keep it strong, while you scream word is bond Lying through your teeth swearing on your first born Your word is weak, go hold a wake in this Hit you up quick strictly shit that I'm livin in You walk a line that's thin, you religious well you sin Fuckin with the Mobb, Infamous to the end I hold a nine Ruger, with an infa-spot disc Red dot right at your face, so set sail or rock it And kept drivin, pull off like the Indy 5 G In a four time Ford truck with Speed like the motion picture, this nigga Gone With the Wind My crime work, ninja style shit was did And got away with, escaped it, the Jakes from tracing Anything that lead to the source, you know the boss of the Mobb killing, is like an Unsolved Mystery Puzzling, nobody knows, it's all history Madness amongst me, I frequently have to get lovely Never fails it's always something No rest, daily gotta rock my vest I shoot at your best man yeah your MVP He played the front line got struck down immediately I wave a Mobb Deep flag, you hear the sound as it slaps when heavy load my military hold ammunition Far from animation, it's real live, you think not My crew, changing New York, who taking your spot I put the green light on, your whole click, Island shit Running through the hoe-house wilding, extorting (Extortion, hit that up, extortion, hit that up) Verse Two: Havoc, Method Extortion is the key I got the key for extortion Spend your fortune, dead your shorty like abortion Take precaution, Infamous laws enforced in You married to the Mobb, kid take it then divorce it Cause I ain't got no time for them domestic disputes If you scared get a dog don't got a click then recruit You're weak troop, lost the tan in the mist On your name my shit, take it like a man you little bitch I blaze yo britches, P.L.O. extortion, you forcin The hand that rocks the cradle, caution before you enter This Shaolin representer, carry thirty-six deadly shits  You fuckin with, top contenders Official to the bone gristle It don't matter if you bust rhymes or bust pistols Remember me, burn a nigga to a third degree Don't act familiar motherfuckers you ain't heard of me Just peep the stee and the rap how it's supposed to be Tap the pockets bag the goods like a grocery, we food-shoppin On top of that we hip-hoppin, and don't stoppin Out-of-state drawers-droppin, the panty-raiders Slide on ya like gators, umped that stank bitch back out  and then played her, but that ain't nothin Crossin this dog walkin, native New York and Shaolin slang talkin, rap nigga Mr. Freeze crowd shiver What? Young, black, and don't give a fuck If the next crew get the scissor... (Extortion, extortion, give that up kid, extortion) Bottom line, what the fuck you wanna do You eyin me, at the same time I'm eyin you, punk Wanna pop the most junk Be the same motherfucker with the most lumps Chew on that shit Punk faggot (word up) Burn his ass like a book of matches [Yeah, that's just about it] Under pressure like fat bitches... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keith Murray f/ 50 Grand, Method Man Album: Rap-Murr-Phobia Song: What it Is Typed by: yaboybubba24@yahoo.com *scratching* Wu-Wu-Tang the-the-the Legion of Doom [Method Man] talking Yo! L.O.D. Killa Beez Wu-Tang Baby Yeah! 50 Grand Method Man [50 Grand] They say L.O.D. this and L.O.D. that Its L.O.D. when I walk L.O.D. leaves tracks You better love L.O.D. L.O.D. won't fail L.O.D. gang related half a mill for bail Feds like the soundscan wanna see what I sale L.O.D. know how to do it big without no mail And they all wanna see how L.O.D. be wilin' Wit the Ticallion Stallion from Shaolin Island Meth: And it was what it is when it was when it wasn't   And if it ain't that Grand what could it be? Grand: And if it ain't that Meth what could it be? Meth: And if it ain't the Wu? Grand: Yo Its the L.O.D! [Method Man] They sayin Wu-Tang this and Wu-Tang that But they dont fuck wit Wu-Tang cuz Wu-Tang got straps Like hos in hair salons boy Wu-Tang got wraps I'm dope syringe in your arm the boy got tracks (Ya Heard!) I'm noddin' on beat, I'm mobbin' on streets, the method Be starvin' to eat, cigar in my cheek, forget it The L.O.Ds in here, the Killa Beez in here If you ain't drinkin' and smokin' you shouldn't be in here Meth: And it was what it is when it was when it wasn't   And if it ain't that? Grand: Meth what could it be? Meth: And if it ain't that Keith what could it be? Grand: And if it ain't the Wu? Keith: Its Keith Murray! [Keith Murray] They sayin Keith done this and Keith done that But they don't fuck wit Keith cuz Murray'll snap Its the mack maniac rap insaniac L.O.D skull and cross bone on my back Its no hassle, you could killed for 500 dollas like Alfalfa From the Little Rascals I'm like the drug that was your worse enemy Came back to be your best friend And fried you in the end Meth: And it was what it is when it was when it wasn't   And if it ain't that Grand what could it be? Grand: And if it ain't that? Meth: Keith what could it be? Keith: And if it ain't the Wu? Grand: Yo its the L.O.D! [50 Grand] I crush everything and everyone within my clutch My speech break bricks in half I'm still out to lunch L.O.D wit the Method we fuckin' wit ninjas Bit wit the rap bug caught the influenza Lyrically I'll air you out, Meth clear you out You like a mistake when I'm writin' gotta smear you out I go ballistic on second thought I give you a break Cut you into little pieces and mail you to every state [Method Man] We off the meter off the block or straight off the street We in your party like when pit bulls of the leash Yes, when Meths wit the Legion of Doom Pack your shit up your life will be leavin' you soon Picture big dick daddy in a big sick caddy My hoe even sicker wit a big thick fatty Lord! Somebody pinch me this can't be real I'm ill like action flick stars that can't be killed [Keith Murray] And I ain't never met a sucker and we got a long I ain't never smoked no blunt that wasn't too strong We been D4L before D4L Rock wit the Funk Doc shut down the whole jail When Plus got killed L.O. rushed the courthouse I'll smack that talk back in your mouth The L.O.D's in here, the Killa Beez in here If you ain't gettin' rowdy you shouldn't be in here Meth: And it was what it is when it was when it wasn't   And if it ain't that Grand what could it be? Grand: And if it ain't that? Meth: Keith what could it be? Keith: And if it ain't the Wu? Grand: Yo Its the L.O.D? *scratching* Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang the-the-the Legion of Doom Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang the-the-the Legion of Doom Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang L-L-L-L-L.O.D! Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang L-L-L-L-L.O.D! Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang the-the-the Legion of Doom Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang the-the-the Legion of Doom Wu-Wu-Wu-Wu-Tang L-L-L-L-L.O.D! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Tarantula Song: I Get it Started Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist Redman: Yo, I need to wait Mystikal: Tarantula, tarantula, boof!, handle yo' bidness then nigga Redman: Mystikal waddup nigga! Mystikal: Whaa', wassup dog! Method Man: Funk Doctor in this mother-fucker Redman: Right he-eere Method Man: And I'm shitty ass Meth, and we gone do what the fuck we gotta do  [Chorus: Mystikal] I get it started for you, I get it started for you Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me I get it started for you, I get it started for you Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me [Method Man] Yo, yo, yo.. If school was pussy, I wouldn't miss a day Big John Jay slay around the way, fish fillet Taste the truth, ay' no more lies like Ms. Chilet Keep my kids frost like they was born in east L.A. Told yo' buy yo' weed by the ounce, twins lets bi-dounce That shit they talkin' don't add up, I say what get down Can't stop drop, can't flock, most of all I can't stop Wreck my hand-cuffs and fightin' bullies in the sandbox Method-cal, Mystikal, Oh yeah that's my man Doc' Whoopin' she shoulders, WHA!, hit you with the lamb chop Throw 'em up, slow 'em up, like the wic blow 'em up Chick showin' butt, half of y'all ain't even know nuts Cause I'm, I'm comin' dirty like duzum Come on, like Buzz Lightyear lets get our buzz on The ladies in the club, like "where the dollars at?" They babies be at home like "where my momma at?" [Redman] When the twins track on, you can't talk you bark on it Doc's yo' walf on it, sometimes get lost on it  America's Most No Time a Car woman Timberland's and Nike Air's in the fog runnin' We job huntin', with no I.D.'s Plus my coke carry all the minerals I need I'ma flow top speed, my crew fight it out like in-door hot beat, it's war when I bleed Sugar come here, throw that ass in the air I leave blood guts and, broken glass everywhere I write with "bear" hands, but I'm a gorrilla Broke out the zoo, with Mystikal and my nigga Fuck y'all for wrong me, I'm inside of a Ridder With fat chicks arguing, Who's body is bigger? I'ma get my smoke on, I'ma get my freak on Rims get they poke on, here's some more dope to choke on [Mystikal] I get it started for you, Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me, I know that you was waitin' for me So when you come you better, have your fuckin' back cause  You know it could get ugly for me, you know it could get ugly for me I tried to tell you but your ass didn't want to listen so bitch Now I got to show you somethin', now I got to show you somethin' It's capital M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L you mother-fucker, L you mother-fuckcer No pussy my temple band, no weed or my nerves shot, no money no concert concert You don't get no deposit back, man these niggas can handle that who in the fuck is you playin' wit', playin' wit' I'm sorry it can't change, you probably can't hang the sounds I like James, HEY! I rap fast and kick ass, and kiss my ass Mystikal, Redman, Method Man, nigga Yeaaaaaah! [Chorus 2x] [Mystikal] Whoo! Freestyle session nigga I'm jumpin' the mother-fuckin' south if you ain't hype, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Naughty by Nature f/ Method Man, Redman Album: IIcons Song: Rock & Roll Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com |Intro: Treach (Method Man)| And y'all thought it was over (Nah nah it ain't over 'til the fat bitch sings my nigga) We ready to Rock & Roll God damn it? (Fuck Yeah) Dirty Jers'/New Jerusaluem (Shaolin) Naughty by Nature motherfuckers (Wu-Tang my niggaz) Grab your hat bitch (C'mon!) |Hook: Method Man| Dum-dum-dum there they go (x4) |Treach| Gettin the realism, statin' the great prism Journalism, the Moses writin', graffitti on the state prison Hard to steal, last year, slash a pop hit Hate related, he's the closest that I lost since Pac (Tupac) Got the glock blown, ready to Rock & Roll Give me a shot that go up the most Cop the blow, nock us no Finger fuck the fair place, that's in the stairway Gut a motherfucker, gotta die to get airplay If I can't spray the airwaves, like a great AK You stay where you lay babe, "fuck you" is what I dare say Hatin' niggaz cuz it ain't passion for rappin' or axin' So sell extortion and jackin', what's happenin'? What's that? The clappin', they'rekidnappin' Sergeants and Captains I'll be mackin' and actin' like a nigga scratchin' for super passion (Blap! Blap! Blap! Blap! Blap! C'mon!) |Chorus: Treach (Method Man)| Rotten and dazed cuz I may not be here tomorrow (eye-ee-eye, eye-ee-eye) World feel the sorrow, click clack, blah blah blah bloaw yo Bullets in, barrels off, urban apparel Like I told you before, click clack, blah blah blah bloaw yo Ready to Rock & Roll (bum bum bum bum bum) {Ready to Rock & Roll} Ready to Rock & Roll (bum bum bum bum bum) {Ready to Rock & Roll} Ready to Rock & Roll (bum bum bum bum bum) {Ready to Rock & Roll} |Method Man| M.C.'s have the right to remain silent Everything you say can and will be held against y'all punk muh'fuckers And Mef can only trust ya as far as I can see ya Me need ya? That'll be the.. day, ya bustas Son suffer, the consequences, for askin' Competition get an ass kickin' so tremendous I throw my draws in it Who representin' for The Projects tennants since Day One? Shit is gettin' deep out here, run your garments son Like niggaz when the police department come Yes y'all, Mef y'all, stank ass an' all I'm too off the hook it don't make no sense to call 1-900-Eat-shit, I get get my cobra cock Might death blow, close your eye Chorus |Redman| Ready to Rock & Roll, I lock your load I blow the block some mo' Undercover like sellin' cops some blow Bring a pain killer, my name ring a bell Orangutang, I throw it up like gang members Crunk as fuck, walkin' in with the pump tucked Punks get it nigga, we even jump sluts How 'bout a dump truck sellin' 2 for 5 I ride with tools I made out of school supplies I show you it's not serious for y'all Trouble, I got a phone on my wrist to call (bubble) You niggaz know when you pissed 'em off I turn gorilla with football equipment on Cla-cloaw-cla-cloaw, I'm 'bout to tap ya foul Danger, when the last Rotten Rascal out Hang up, phone calls ain't gon' happen now An' I'm straight facin', you niggaz can't ask around Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Born Again Song: Rap Phenomenon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Well it's the Funk Docta Spock.." 	"Meth-Tical.." "Biggie.. Biggie.." (mmmhmmmmmm) [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. (yo c'mon Big) uhh.. Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches the prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it So I grab it, never run, the outcome is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be or where you're from, West or East coast, squeeze toast Leave most in the blood they layin in, what, what? The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented but they wasn't, so run it, cousin I could chill, the heat doesn't Ran up in your shell about a dozen You never see bank like Frank White Your hand clutchin, your chest-plate contemplate You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high [Redman] Yo.. yo yo I don't brownnose out of town hoes I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect You ass like prime roastin, Calvin Klein clothes Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here Your time is near, so get your body dropped off I stopped trustin niggaz since Gotti got caught It's Bricks keep your wrist covered, or piss colored By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue The Doc was born with a grenade palm I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom Yo Biggie (what? what?) She havin my bay-bayy If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high 	"This rule is so underrated.." -> B.I.G. 	"Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin" -> Meth 	"Ain't no other kings in this rap thing.." -> B.I.G. 	"Biggie, a motherfuckin rap phenomenon" -> B.I.G. 	(repeat all 2X) [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhh I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cee's advance Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants from Branson, now we lampin, twelve room mansion Bitches get naked off "Get Money", "Player's Anthem" Don't forget, "One More Chance" and, my other hits, other shit niggaz spit be counterfeit, robbery come actually in and out like fuckin rapidly, pass the gat to me Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin blasphemy Blastin me, your family, rest in coffins often Frank Wizzard, fuck you soft or fragilla Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer slash Gorilla, slash illest turned killer [Method Man] Now now Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket I take these adolescents back to Spofford Mentally my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side that's infinity -- too many sick niggaz, nickel nines; bring the remedy -- when you play the field, what's the penalty Unnecessary roughness, career endin injuries for suckers Stuck on stupid, shoot em with a dart like Cupid until they got love for my music Star Wars I'm Han Solo, with three egoes and three charges, I got to "See-three-P.O.'s" This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel Eyeball blower with no equal, niggaz swingin swords in the WAR that's my people, sho' nuff, befo' I roll up This is a hold up, hands high, reach for the sky I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye New York Shitty, put they weight on it And who better for the job than Biggie? The Notorious Jeee-zus, "Unbelievable" rhyme that reaches and touch individual, small frame buck and change MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin Hot -- forcin my way up in the door to kill the bullshit like a matador Keep your hands high (what?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Method Man Album: Ready to Die Song: The What Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Notorious, Meth I used to get feels on a bitch Now I throw shields on the dick To stop me from that HIV shit And niggaz know they soft like a Twinkie filling Playin the villian Prepare for this rap killin Biggie Smalls is the illest Your style is played out, like Arnold wondered "What you talkin bout Willis?" The thrill is gone, the black Frank White is here to excite and throw dick to dykes Bitches I like em brainless Guns I like em stainless steel I want the fuckin Fortune like the Wheel I squeeze gats till my clips is empty Don't tempt me [T-H-O-D Man] You don't want to fuck with Biggie Here I am, I'll be damned if this ain't some shit Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet black ninja Comin where you rest at, surrender Step inside the ring, youse the number one contender Lookin cold booty like your pussy in December Nigga stop bitchin, button up ya lip and From Method all you gettin is a can of ass-whippin Hey, I'll be kickin, you son, you doin all the yappin Actin as if it can't happen You front and got me mad enough to touch somethin Yo I'm from Shaolin, Island, and ain't afraid to bust somethin So what cha want nigga, ya punk nigga I got a six-shooter and a horse named Trigger It's real, ninety-four, rugged raw Kickin down your god damn door [and it goes a lil somethin like this] Chorus: Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit And everything you get ya gotta work hard fot it Honies shake your hips, ya don't stop And niggaz pack the clips, keep on Verse Two: Meth, Notorious Verse two, comin with that Olde E brew Meth-tical, puttin niggaz back in I.C.U. I'm lifted troop, you can bring yours wack ass crew I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue, huh No question, I be comin down and shit Yo I gets rugged as a motherfuckin carpet get And niggaz love it, not in the physical form but in the mental I spark and they cells get warm I'm not a gentle, man, I'm a Method, Man! Baby accept it, utmost respect it [Assume the position] Stop look and listen I spit on your grave then I grab my Charles Dickens Welcome to my center Honies feel it deep in they placenta Cold as the pole in the winter Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed And when my Mac unloads I'm guaranteed another video Ready to die, why I act that way? Pop Duke left Mom Duke The faggot took the back way So instead of makin hoes suck my dick up I used to do stick-up Cause hoes is irritatin like the hic-CUPS Excuse me, flows just grow through me Like trees to branches Cliffs to avalanches It's the praying mantis Deep like the mind of Farrakhan A motherfuckin rap phenomenon, plus [I got more glocks and techs than you] I make it hot [Nigga won't even stand next to you] Nigga touch me you better bust me tree times in the head Or motherfucker's dead, ya thought so Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shaquille O'Neal w/ RZA, Method Man Album: Shaq-Fu - Da Return Song: No Hooks RZA: Spectacular cardiovascular attacker! Shaq's on the track with the blackular, Puzzler! Rugged slugger, 40 oz guzzler, Gold nugget fangs punch holes inside your jugular Veins... do it quick, before your brain get drained... With the horror you now have become stained... Ice cold, like the winter, Eskimo! Enter, The skill like a splinter! A decimal, Let's have a festival, Wu-Tang Killer Bees, we... (Suuuuuuu!) Ah, intellectual, Styles break your mind! Shine, nigga, shine! All: We don't need no hooks! Shaq: The Shaq Attaq has risen, Au concrete PM this is twizm, Always & forever, forever always attack, I bring flava to ya ear like Craig Mack! Life's a B and then ya D, refer to Nasty Nas Illmatic, CD, #3 Static! You don't want none, ya best to keep lookin', AEIOU's a ass-whoopin'! You're tooken Into Clear & Present Danger, I'm a perfect stranger, Quick to rearrange a... outlook, so look out, So here me comes! Quick to beat you down, Like the RZA on the drums! Change my name like Prince, punks be tremblin'. My name ain't Shaq no more, call me Superman Emblem! Marks, get set, go left, The Shaq, the RZA, get ready for the Meth! All: We don't need no hooks! Method Man: Dangersome, comin' mad phat, Terrordome, Like whadva ak, we can get it on. Break 'em down. I'm a set it, yeah, ooh dat dirty rat, bring 'em here To the mindbender, the deathsender to your ear: Method. Whatup, hookers? Hoodrats are no goodaz, It be Tical breakin' rims with the Seven footer: Shaq. Bring it to the front, now bring it back To the head, black, 'cuz when my Soul Train hit the track, Target: the Billboard Charts, don't make me start it, The whole industry is gassed up and now they farted. My object is destruction, for percussion, rhymes are bustin', Got your wholes block duckin' Down! The end is here, apocalypse now! Gettin' shot, peace'll work it out. (more We don't need no hooks stuff) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Onyx f/ Method Man Album: Evil Streets 12" Song: Evil Streets (remix) Typed by: doan@netcom.ca Intro: Method Man Spark that shit up and lets fly Oh my people Heyyy Ohhhh Ahhhh Hooooo Eiiii Heyyy Verse One: Sticky Fingaz I'm a hoodlum A dick in the dirt is what i'm holding Sporting mad Polo but only if its stolen I got no morals my mind is in the gutter KId I'll open up your face with my orange box cutter Soak you when you least expect it Before I met Russel I only had a jail record Plus nothing ever hurt me when I was at home These Evil Streets got a mind of their own My Pops left me for dead with just the clothes on my back I grew up selling crack And learning to drive a car jack I got street smarts and I use intuition I can spot an undercover with my x-ray vision And if anybody test me out there They gonna make me kill them and throw away my carear I'm my Mothers first born, Her last bad seed Verse Two: Fredro Star a.k.a. Never Its all about the next caper The cocaine, props and acres For the sake ah Snatchin the green paper Me and my crew roll in the zone of the twilight The news highlight When the next shit don't go right Its so tight its blazing A nigga squeezed hayz in got 'em geezing for a runner Then the plot thickens On point like Rod Strickland Clocks ticking Makes the hardest niggas clicks stop ticking Hitting they stash And murdering like and expert Cover ya tracks And conceal that dirty shit Chorus: Method Man This is for the gun slingers noise bringers this is for the crack slingers bell ringers this is for the bootleggers and everyday beggers And all my hood hustlers who know where we headin' repeat 2X Verse Three: Sonsee Its all about the $50,000 cars Dice games and ice chains We out of the average niggas price range Rings and Remy mixed with Henny Chicks with Fendi sucking disk in the Infinity This nigga had mad deco Fucking petro the nickel metro Blow All you heard was the gun echo On a dead nbight I get my head right Running red lights no headlights Pumping Buddah in a black Benz Pulling out Mac 10's Its just the smell of fucking cigarettes Broke niggas with assed out Took 2 puffs and passed out Woke him up with 21 shots of penicillin amped him up I guess thought it was hempacillin Yo chill kid lamp kid, chill kid you livin' Aye yo JB hit me one time Verse Four: Method Man Its the Blaze that be Johnny Not many shots can do that ass raunchy Lyric to the muzak we rolling Watch out for the niggas that be holding Raunchy fucking up your colon Of course its Tical Verbal assault We can walk these dogs through all 5 boroughs of New York Some talk While other individuals walk In my square tryin' to hide thoughts Spreading lies in my ears Got me questioning my peers That be show and prove they don't belong here I be the Chef in Hells Kitchen Pop in the clip and hit the DJ if the records skipping My competition gotta keep me at arms distance I know myself onion head niggas don't listen I shoot the what Got no time for that wiz bitchin' I'm about to blow in 5 seconds The clocks ticking consider this another mission impossible as he gets hostile Uncut blowing up your nostril We There Come on take another if you dare The reason why its so raw cause its real I swear by the hairs on my Chin Chiggy Chin To the day I die I represent the Grimy niggas The ones who can't afford Tommy Hillfigger The down and dirty Johnny fill Niggas Yeah Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Onyx f/ Killa Sin, Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, X-1 Album: Shut 'Em Down/Ride soundtrack Song: The Worst Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Xdestroya@aol.com Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang - ONYX!! Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang - ONYX!! [Raekwon] Aiyyo, staircase to stage now, major waves Tanktop Nautica, flippin your daughter thirty ways Yeah who want mine? Bent outta shape, one time Play the mall, starin at your beautiful, sunshine Watch my shit shift, niggaz in the back, wigs lift You know the stats God, don't even ask pah, back slit Raw drug raps, thug hats and mob hats, spit on that cat This yellow love nigga fuckin with a rich cat My shit now, 5 feet 6, with a crisp hat plush Throwin down on thirty bricks, niggaz is with that Though, federados locked my man yo, hit lotto Three-hundred thousand dollars in the bottle, bitch math is how my technique, rover in the robe, gold link You know the code read, suitcase money, stow heat Rock Navi's though, hundred dollar bags valet That nigga crabbed me, gamin himself, like Milton Bradley [Fredro Starr] Yo the semi-automatic glock this, unlock this The weed spots get knocked, it's so hot chicks is topless Whips are spotless, chrome rims spin obnoxious You can't knock this, bust a shot you better not miss [X-1] X-1 wild out, and make you watch this 'til your eyes turn red with blotches, eatin scraps out the garbage Unload a cartridge, and bust a cap X could never trust a cat, Onyx is as hot as it gets Bitches fuckin for free, is outta the quest' Blow blood outta your flesh, your body outta your vest [Fredro Starr] I draws the heat from across the street Fly you up off your feet, you die livin short but sweet Street crime, time is money, nigga don't waste mine Dispose my 9, throwin your shine, your froze in time Lookin at death, holdin your breath, laid out On the dance floor, blood and Moet, I'm blowin your set Trick twenty G's, no sweat, your goin in debt I'm goin for broke, I'm blowin out smoke, you catch a stroke [X-1] Wu-Tang and Baldhedz, Swiss foreheads, leave you all red X-Milli-on, fully armed, illest beyond your realest form Bringin the storm, forseein you warned Nuttin keepin me calm but heat in my palm Sleep and you gone, you see what I'm on? Creepin outta the dark Scatter your parts from here to Battery Park [Chorus: ODB samples from "Protect Ya Neck (Radio Edit)"] First things first man, you're {fuckin} with the worst First things first man, you're {fuckin} with the worst First things first man, you're {fuckin} with the worst You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him man! [Suave] Steal master grab half the cash fast and bash and splash yo' class, mash your staff, WHAT?! Nigga get smacked, you ain't worth a punch, hurt your bunch Get merked in front, in the wrong circle punk! Mack clever niggaz dat regga' Catch you on the d-lo in Mecca and Etch-a-Sketch ya Shake and erase, vacatin your space, breakin your face Straighten your waist, twist you, and won't miss you Official Nast and Killa Bee, full blast, get off smash Pull fast for your stash Long as the war last, foot up in your ass Tryin to count more math, bring in the hardcore rap [Killa Sin] Yo; we be the mainstream supreme rhyme top of the line cuisine fiends Number one love for thugs queens schemin on cream My whole team love, the E-cup bras and mobb cars Killa Sin known for makin niggaz reach for the stars This terrorist, lyricist in the midst of the abyss We cannabis evangelists, iron palms with metal fists Wu build, like construction and bang, like percussion All the Planet Battery packs combust and malfunction, what kid? [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Sticky] Holy shit!! Who the fuck is dat? [Method] It's John John [Sticky] Sticky Fingaz kid, you got my back? [Method] I got your back cousin [Sticky] I got the mack-dozen [Method] And when them niggaz start jumpin, bust back cousin [Sticky] Cause it's a new year, time for some new shit [Sticky] Nowadays rappers dyin over music [Method] Dead on arrival [Method] We raised in the ghetto singin songs called survival [Method] Duckin homicidal, you rivals [Sticky] Yeah yeah, Onyx/Wu-Tang, on tracks we gangbang [Sticky] Chitty-bang-bang [Method] Chitty-chitty-bang-bang [Method] Hot Nix' spit flame, lava pump through my veins [Method] Caught in the zone, home on the range [Sticky] Aiyyo you rang for ferocious, atrocious [Sticky] We got that supercalifragalisticexpiala- [Method] - dope shit! [Sticky] Eight ball in the corner pocket [Method] We snatch wallets off the white collared [Method] The Big Apple forever rotted [Method] Narcotics hunt the hard target, Hot Nix' [Sticky] SO WHAT THE BUMBA CLAAT?! [Method Man] Pop shit, we do the knowledge To shark niggaz, once bitten Major swingers heavy hittin Poly your kitten, throw up your mittens Stop bitchin, no slippin, no pot to piss in The meltin pot's boilin hot now in Hell's Kitchen [Sticky Fingaz] Yo, yo, Sticky Fingaz, one of the illest motherfuckers BELIEVE DAT!! My moms don't raise no suckers I slap rappers, turn 'em into singers Touch somethin of mine and you'll have NINE fingaz! [Method] Enough said, let's paint this whole fuckin town red [Sticky] And RIP .. they whole crew to a shred! [Sticky] I got cold blood [Method] I pull yo' plug [Sticky] I hold, bust [Method] Show no love [Sticky] I'm so bugged [Method] Shoot yo' home up [Sticky] And shoot up the whole club [Method] We throw slugs [Sticky Fingaz] You ain't no thug! I earned every God damn penny that I got Son I'm rollin shotgun in the convertible I wish a nigga WOULD WHAT? Try to fuckin jack me, I'll MURDER YOU!!! Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang - ONYX!! Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang - ONYX!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Outsidaz f/ Method Man, Redman Album: The Bricks Song: Who You Be Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com [Method Man] Gonna throw a lil' somethin like this Pacewon Mista Meth Young Zee Funk Doctah Come on [Pacewon] Yo, yo, yo I like to smoke I like to gamble Slap that face I'm like Anthony Saprano Lets here it for the mob boss Bird catch it highed up til his eyes crossed Fat belly, tall boy loungin with his socks off No tan, toe jam like Roseanne Got guns so big I bust with both hands Pull 9 M-M's and tecs that don't jam Mad family and friends in the drug program [Method Man] I go *raaaaarr raaaaarr* like I had cereberal palsy We ain't got no time to be playin with y'all see Shoalin, Dirty Jers' what y'all aint heard? Fuckin ya birds, pluckin ya nerves, puffin ya herb Slap ya C.E.O. off his podeum Hand in my coat like Napoleon Wrapped around a hot nickelodeon Oh seven one three oh four thats the code we in School of hard knocks here we go again [Young Zee] Yeah, yeah, yeah Aiyyo Hot Nicks you got me noddin of the doses While the Outs burn bush like God talkin to Moses They mad I push the F1 with three front seats Rock fatter chains than slave workers had on they feet Smoke blunts til my breath smell, hop on my Nextel Chick from West L bang her head against the bed rail Ya'll betta leave 'fore Zee get evil I'll tell you a secret, I see dead people [Redman] Aiyyo, aiyyo Pace The Doc sports timbs with no lace I come in her mouth and it look like colgate I'm a gorilla, chewin on bananas Psycho Im the one that blew my head in ?scanners? BRICKS, lyrics and guns gotta stay smokin Even Live to L.A. don't leave the gate open I carry two shotties and I'ma squeeze both'um And when I'm done me and ya bitch elopin Hook: [Young Zee] Y'all know, this how its suppose to be     And Y'all know [Method Man] Think of me 'fore you smoke them trees [Young Zee] And Y'all know [Pacewon]  Wack raps make me choke emcees [Young Zee] Aiyyo people, yo who the fuck we be? [Method Man] Who you be? [Young Zee] Young Zee from the M-P-C [Method Man] Who you be? [Redman]  Funk Doc from the P-P-P [Method Man] Who you be? [Pacewon]  Pacewon from the O-U-T [Method Man] Who you be?     Mista Meth, Wu-Tang Killer Bee [Redman] Aiyyo presto outta box Tap you white folks outta locks Take the shotguns out the grandfather clocks Planets that I rock you can't astronaut My house was on Afrika Bambattas block Aiyyo my candy is prepared for manhandlin The click from jammin avalanched the grand canyon Thats how big it is, how large it is Pitbull bite ??? through it ??? [Young Zee] Yeah Tryin to scare Zee and Funk Doc y'all playin If this Scary Movie, you the fag like Shawn Wayans I pop a lot, I pop shit I pop guns I pop cherries nigga my pops on the run You pop shit ya crew betta run I pop all these shells out and shot pellet guns Yeah rock box I loot Elle and run Rock the Bells mix it with Duke Ellington [Method Man] Yo They call me Mista Tecal ya stallion Hard headed dick gotta pussy fetish Get'cha cosmetic, Meth at it call a medic And while we said it  These niggas wanna catch amnesia and like forget it The Outsidaz and y'all can call me Bony Boy Or Rockwilder when we Face Off like Castor Troy Creep with me as I roll through the stack Maniac, lunatic and my whole click packed [Pacewon] Aiyyo Doc I be spaced like Star Wars Hardcore nigga don't lock my car doors I rock shells toes backspin on cardboard Gazelle type frames, wave caps, and four-fours Graffiti to place leave my tag Pace Blunta The barrel of my glock stay hot like late summer You freckle motherfuckas need shade to lay under JAKE HUNTER, look but don't bite I take cover Hook x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Method Man Album: Soul Survivor Song: Half Man Half Amazin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] To all my Bronx niggaz (Yeah!) "And I say right about now get ready to get down  to the funky sound of the man they call" 	"Pete Rock" 	"and Method Man" [Method Man] Dumbheads, what? Cherryheads.. what? Appleheads, what what what? (Meth-Tical, you know how we do Dunn, yeah  Hit it off you know what I mean, like this y'all) P.R., take them to the bridge, uhh! Chorus: Pete Rock Float on this magnificient track wise intelligent All-star Jamerican yes the rap vet Reinforce your threat, who got the money to bet against the number one, holdin down the position Crush the competition with the limited edition Heavy caliber rhyme, shootin down ya peace sign The war's on for real, run grab ya shield Yo Meth, take the steel and let these cats know the deal [Method Man] Style blazin, Iron Lung on this collaboration Money for the takin I ain't sweatin confrontation With P.R.ah, we beez the mens of tomorrow Master, license to kill, bringin the horror to ya house like Amityville, keepin it more than real Niggas ain't supposed to feel, Hot Nicks ya know the deal If you read the resume, gives a fuck what niggaz say Timb boots to pave the way, here I come to save the day Yes stoppin the fuckin press, transform to Mister Mef See that logo on my chest, save a damsel in distress Hot shit, in the song, got to Get Until It's Gone Kids wanna get it on get smacked up and shit upon Right til ya prove me wrong, think you can do me hunh? Can't we all just get along, in this modern Babylon? Dueling with my nemesis, layin down laws Don't start if you can't finish it, I'm telling you Pah! Got the power of a meteor shower, comin down on all ya cowards, trickin ya funds and sniffin powders Here we come, straight from the slums, Dynamic Duo son Ghost Rider Jonathan and Soul Brother Number One Chorus: repeat 2X (sampled and scratched by Rock) "Sendin this one out.. to my man" -> Prodigy "Meth-Tical" -> Meth		"Pete Rock" "Half man, half amazin" -> Nas "Make it hot nigga!" -> Big Pun "For you!"	"KnowhatI'msayin?" -> Prodigy [Method Man] Leapin tall buildings in a single bound, faster than a round Blastin out a forty pound, y'all niggaz fuck around Take that and handle it, Method Man I get  strong with Titantic shit, that means abandon ship Get a life and get a grip, there ain't a problem that I can't fix Transmittin live from Apocalypse And the Cho-co-late, Boy Wonder, my sidekick Cowabunga, these evil doers days are numbered We flexin like the X-Men on rap veteran That be's no question, boy ya need protection son I'm burnin up check the temperature Ya fuckin wit The Last Emperor, Iron Lung dangerous son For all who enter the, 36, Deadliest chambers For all the prejudiced, entertainers there ain't a damn thing you can tell us, bite ya tongue I be the troublesome, don't sleep niggaz is holdin son [Pete Rock] Pick em off form long range break em down to small change A New York Giant stand in front of ya ... squad, what up God, a million to one one odds that you can't stop this bullet I'm like Refrigerator Perry rush right through it and just do it So act like ya knew it, the Mount Vernon/Shaolin fluid The rap committee coming live through ya city, swing hard like Ken Griffey Gain stats, now who's next up to bat? Knock em out the box, Method Man and Pete Rock Celebrating victory, rap world remedy Take a double dose deadly Deadly kid.. yo! "C'mon!"	"One two!" "The numba one set and sound" -> BDP "Meth-Tical" -> Method "Pete Rock, this one's for the crew" -> CL Smooth "Half man, half amazin" -> Nas "One two!"	"The numba one set and sound" -> BDP "Meth-Tical" -> Method		"on arrival" "Pete Rock, this one's for the crew" -> CL Smooth "Half man, half amazin" -> Nas (continues to echo to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharoahe Monch f/ Busta Rhymes, Lady Luck 	Method Man, Redman, Shabaam Sahdeeq Album: Internal Affairs Song: Simon Says Remix Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Pharoahe Monch] GET THE FUCK UP! Simon says "GET THE FUCK UP!" Throw ya hands in the sky (buck buck buck buck buck!) Queens is in the back sippin 'Gnac, y'all wassup? Girls, rub on your titties (yeah) Yeah fuck it I said it rub on ya titties New York City gritty committee, pity the fool that act shitty In the midst of the calm, the witty [Lady Luck] Yo SHUT THE FUCK UP! Luck said "SHUT THE FUCK UP!" Bitches in the back, like crack get it cut up I speak on behalf of them broads you call stuck up Act like a man and get cocked, smacked or fucked up Pull the truck up, Luck you know the name Assed out in the bleachers stay shittin on the game I suppose what you're spittin is flames, cowards Know your crew was vaginal, I could smell the dooch powder Summer's Eve, I drop degrees chill Come four by four, lose one like Dru Hill Stay fly till you air sick, now that's ill Two choices, either squeeze or peel, now that's real [Pharoahe Monch] WHAT THE FUCK'S goin on here, just a minute now, hold up Sinister wit hit the time I diminish him finish him, roll up  When I'm, ? cinematography state of mind  My rap trip, rip, clip, say the rhyme Shit, I spectacular run hit spit bitches venacular Miraculous rhyme flow, back track to the Immaculate Binaca blast nigga that's fast, son I'll box ya Ladies rub the ta-ta's, bras, titties and knockers on the floor OWWW! Fellas pull ya cock out  On the verge to splurge verbs for third round knock out  Uh I bust a rhyme that dust frustrated rappers  Dust crush competition, lights out like the Clapper The mic ripper, whip a nigga like a slave Separate him from him from his fam, he don't know how to behave Now, drag his ass, bag dun for his loot Figure me to give a nigger-y twenty-one gun salute That's seven shots for Tupac Seven for Biggie Smalls Seven for Freaky Tah up in your neighborhood malls How's that, fat action packed rap remain tame Pharoahe fuckin Monch, ain't a damn thing changed [Redman] Yo yo get the fuck up Funk Doctor Spot said "Get the fuck up" I got a bitch named Nina and I tuck her I leave a nigga hangin like ya mom's muffler Snuff her, then my boys follow up Respect like the Fonze, you see the collar up I spit out a bullet, load the barrel up I kamikaze ya town off a Arab bus Karat cut, yeah mami pull over I bend ya pussy like for years I knew yoga I'm too smoked up, I can't remember me Off Hennesy, that's why I carry Mini-Me I need fifty feet when my performance starts I push a armored car wit ?Lauren Harts? Nineteen inches, I'm not on the charts Doc turnin dark off a warning shot  Drive off and pop, six in ya hood [Monch] Fuck the limelight, we rhyme tight, plus snatch the goods Yea-yeah my nigga, one rhyme you fold over I'm hot-headed cuz I walk wit cold shoulders Yeah GET THE FUCK UP! [Pharoahe Monch] Simon Says "GET THE FUCK UP!" Throw ya hands in the sky (buck buck buck buck buck!) [Redman] Jersey in the back jackin cars now wassup! Girls, rub on ya titties (Yeah) That's right I said it, rub on ya titties Brick City gritty committee Pity the fool that act shitty, in the midst of the calm, the witty [Method Man] Yo yo get the fuck up Yo yeah I said it, get the fuck up Walk through Shaolin after dark, you get stuck up Seek and destroy, baddest boy when I'm puffed up Ya know my name, and Pharoahe Moch, why we came what? We off the chain, plus we plottin on the chain, what? Know ya role, by the way tuck ya gold And you and your mic can ease on down the road Assholes are like opinions, everybody got to have one Shootin in the sky tryin to blast sun Zero to sixty in a second, pull a fast one Fifty cent flashin they hate us wit a passion Mashin, still fresh in three-day old fashion Your plaid, I'm stripes, together we be flashin Here's a Tunnel banger Wu-Tang death penalty, the gas chamber This gon' hurt me more than it hurts you Slap ya like the doctor the day your momma birthed you Just so you can feel me The same way I'ma feel this world when it kill me Even if time stands still, I'ma still be Underground and filthy, gotta have our Way like the Milky Innocent until I'm proven guilty Never got caught in the game of tag Momma never kept a boyfriend wit kids this bad No justice, RAIDER RUCKUS! Underground till we under ground But y'all first MOTHAFUCKERS! [Shabaam Sahdeeq] My thugs, throw up ya set And shorties rub on ya breasts GET THE FUCK UP, outta that dress, I palm tits You herbs get flipped like jeeps on mountain cliffs I'll rip through your chest, hollow-point talent tips Double-S, double the threat, double your bet Double up on that cash if you decide to invest You sound like Big, you sound like Jay, you sound like D And I bet, when I go plat, you'll sound like me Shabaam Sahdeeq, injure your fleet into delete Y'all crabs are weak, frail like a fiend's physique I stay on the street, stay on the beat, stay wit the heat Stay stickin fools like you for the rocks that gleam So toss that link, dummy, shoulda insured that link Straight to Canal I'll praise that link, then pawn that link You froze up, Sahdeeq says "Shut the fuck up!" Punk niggas get gun-butt up and tied up [Busta Rhymes] Busta Rhymes is like Hacksaw Jim Duggan, been thuggin Lovin the way we flood jewels for nothin Lay it over, another ambush we take over Yo we don't only get money, we cut the coke and cook the shake over You better guard your head right, especially if it's late at night Or find your picture of your autoposy up on the web site  Yo if you ever violate my space Fuck a fat lip, I'll leave you wit a fuckin fat face Nigga, Busta Rhymes the handsome, I'll hold you for ransom ansom Like the ghost in a haunted house, I'll forever live in a mansion Bitches, snitches comin out and you know who's showin it Like when British civil servants pass secrets to the Soviets Y'all niggas is seemless blends of seemless friends Live on about ? ? on a bunch of seamless ends Collosal, me and my nigga Pharoahe Moncho The head honcho, gettin this money like Leonardo (do do do) Enough substance in the roughness Now watch it come around in an amazing large abundance Now let me clear the smoke screen you blow fiend Live nigga shit that'll rebuild your whole self-esteem Pledge allegiance to the flag of united live niggas of America Let us control and own the fuckin area Wildin in your whip until your crash the whole truck up And if you know what's good for you nigga you better GET THE FUCK UP!!! Hehehe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Proof f/ B-Real, Method Man Album: Searching for Jerry Garcia Song: High Rollers Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [B-Real] Loaded, dazed, confused.. I'm in the Esco' rollin the crisp weed You know that I'm never ever blazin the Bush weed You know you're on cloud nine fuckin with me duke Be sure that I'm the crisp man waitin to see Proof Some say I'm high on life and I don't need your herbs I'm gettin high every time that you speak your words Well I'm glad that means more for me son I hit the bong so hard they call me green lungs They say that I'm the buddah master, "Rock Superstar" You know the homie with the weed laced candy bar Now I'm blazin it non-stop, you feelin me fam? You see, everywhere I go it's like Amsterdam We blow the smoke in the air now you smellin my strain It's the O.G. bush just clouded your brain See I'm ready for fo'-twenty mo' honeys get dough for me All of them Mary, it's scary, they get you most stony [Chorus: B-Real, Method Man, Proof] [BR] Hittin the blunts and bongs [MM] Puffin those trees and leaves [Pr] Comin with E and Vic's [BR] You know it's on tonight, roll it and pass the light [BR] Sittin up top of the world [MM] Gettin on top of your girl [BR] Crack on those poles and pipes [Pr] You know it's on tonight [BR] Roll it and pass the light [Proof] You know your man's royal can be Ishmael{?} Wasn't even finished my drink and thinkin 'bout refills They got the dro, I'm fin' to roll off these E pills And I'm the +Proof+, got on my +Method+ so +Be-Real+ A retired weed head that need bread for trickin Off on a mission to find bitches for sausage lickin Engulfed in liquids, Xena's and perkasets I jam like I don't know how to work the tec Nine times outta ten I'm high off the Henn' Never lie for a trend tryna die on a binge Biscuits is poppin, ain't no stoppin like Hendrix and Joplin 'til I find out where Biggie and 'Pac went Profit of coppin, most often is gobbled Stackin my chips high 'til they auction a Pablo Pills to swallow, momma don't cry I send you drugs Tryna get my mind stuck "In the Middle" like Monie Love - whaaaat? [Method Man] I semi-automatically spit flows at trash Anatomically equipped to rip shows in half If I speak a little fast you get whiplash Promoters better get the kid cash or get whipped ass Got some zig-zags and a dutch, let's get smashed My little zip bags got more riders than Six Flags And while y'all get gassed, I'm proceedin to get high Got weed like Mary J. is +All I'm Needin+ to get by Tical motherfucker, run for cover when shit fly One hand is on the lye, the other hand on yo' bitch thigh How many wanna try, Mr. Meth and his clique? Yes That's kinda farfetched like me passin a piss test Okay, let's +Be-Real+, here's the +Proof+, we need cash flow Might catch me in the movies lightin up in the back row For sho', Killa Bee back, black we don't need that It's fo'-twenty ho, now where the fuck is yo' weed at? In fact.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Method Man, Ready Roc Album: Red Gone Wild Song: Blow Treez Typed by: italchula@yahoo.com "This should be played at high volume Preferably in a residential area" Gilla House niggas! (Reggea adlib) [Hook] "Want you to know, ya" 'Round here we blow treez 'Round here we blow treez 'Round here we blow treez "Can you understand?" 'Round here we blow treez 'Round here we blow treez 'Round here we blow treez [Redman] Hey yo move out, roll in Haters out, hoes in Walk in the club, low brim Hanging out like clothes pins I hustle flow/ do my show/ attract women Keep that heat and the John Lennon Boy you won't catch me arguin' Brick City, that's right! Hood down, hands up! Red "Lord of the Ring" (clean?), lookin' for that Precious I'm talking weed and women, when the trouble come I'm 'bout it Shit I'd rather get caught with my gun then get caught without it It's Gilla House nigga, you know we here to smoke DJ keep it Kool, Reggie let me UH-HAH clear my throat When I'm in yo' town man', you better act a fool Turn your college dorm to Rodney Dangerfield- Back to School! [Hook] [Ready Roc] 'Round here we blow treez (blow treez) 'Til our nose bleed Started with a quarter then slowly smoked up a O-Z Ready keep it raw like a nigga ordered a whole ki' "Nigga let me hit ya blunt" Nah, you don't know me Gilla! Gilla House and Gotti click Bang like karate flicks Duck when the shotty spit Or land in a pile of shit Known to make you cowards bleed Smokin' on that Sour Dies' That cali weed's So funky we call it cottage cheese I'm in the powered V-12 Look at all these females Jockin' me cuz of all the records that we sell Got them pounds for retail Hit me on my email And drop bombs dot com, yo who need L's? [Hook] Yo, yo my bud'll do ya Method Man constant drug abuser Occasional boozer And I'm slick as Rick the Ruler I piss in the sewer Underground man, I spits manure Plus make maneuvers With Doc/ That sixteen shot/ Ruger Is back on your block/ blastin' a shot/ like screw ya Fuck everybody that knew ya My dogs are Oogka-Dupa They Bark and they bite I Darken your life Muthafuckas slippin' like wearing Gators Walking on ice This is New Edition, I'm Hot Tonite I spit it right/ ya Gots to like Tell Sean Paul I Gots a light One in the head, Stop ya life Huh, my niggas stay on the block/ Slingin' them rocks/ until the Cops (indict?) Ya heard [Hook] (Reggae adlib) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Method Man Album: Muddy Waters Song: Do What Ya Feel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Redman] Hahahahahaaa follow... just do what ya feel and I'ma follow I'ma follow...  Just do what ya feel and we gon' follow Just do what ya feel and I'ma follow Just do what ya feel and I'ma follow Haha, Meth-Tical [Method Man] Who wanna flip with the acrobatic From ground zero all the way to attic, what we be smokin, Tical The resevoir is now open I swim the English Channel backstrokin, you don't know me or my style We hold court and blow trial You catch 'cal when you browse through my X-Files, who be next now Man's down, hands down Hold ground by yo' side when it go down, I dedicate this next dart to my fucking heart Little Meth he the best part, now walk with that one, word Time Time 4 Sum Aksion Dreamin bout Toni Braxton, blowin her back out like Bob Backlund I'm throwin wrestlin holds Tag team with Funk Doc, we in funk mode, take yo' best shot If it don't hip it don't hop If it don't quit it don't stop, that's the life [Redman] I be the super-lyrical individual I be splittin through that Teflon material to knock Big Ben off of schedule Better move with a set of tools I be doin it to mics when I'm a, heterosexual I load the mic then cock, drop it like three-quarters when I slaughter don't get, caught in the water Cause the Brick's got it's own World Order Leave your bitch in shock like the third rail caught her Styles stay deeper than orca, I float the seven seas with ease Did more drugs than pharmacies So call me that lyrical Genovese, you can't compare Get you steppin like stairs, frats, sororities Don't make me bring it on back I fuck up the majority of niggaz lookin hard at me, I Port 'em like Authority And when my nigga Meth shine out the inner How High mobile rollin three dimes at a time (Redman and Method Man still... "hiiiigh hiiiiiiiiigh") It's that Jersey representer Get hit from the bottom to your head when you enter [Method] Word... [Redman] Just do what ya feel and I'ma follow (repeat 3X) Funk Doc break it down [Redman] Hah.. yo, suck my dick out of animosity The velocity will fly that head and freeze yo' camps like pottery To give lobotomies to all you rap colonies And shunt your million dollar investment, to economy Impossibly might be the one in black leather Name tag sayin "Caution when wet by the track wetter" The hash spreader, I love the grimy shit Even my girl did grimy shit to me and I went back with her Three years for carrying a loaded handgun But it's forever when a nigga [chik-chik BLAAAOW] and he lands one to your cranium That red dot on your forehead it's not cause you Arabian (Yo watch you say to him!) You caught up in a tight situation I should start erasin your whole organization for makin wack tunes while my whole platoon rock the basement You couldn't come close if I gave you my bookin agent or producer, royalty points twelve shot loaded Luger Even a crowd to get you souped up - you're still wack I peel caps, on the regular Destroy MC's et cetera, creep like The Predator Fuck you, your label moms and yo' editor Give you two to the jugular, blood be spreadin all on my shirt, the king of the flirt shittin Bitches hit me off more than New Edition (Tweet-tweet-tweet-tweet, tweet-tweet-tweet-tweet) I make them pigs heart skip a beat from the steel physique So Iron Lung (one me gun done) Get on the mic and break em off with sumthin sumthin [Method Man] We moonshine and grow crops Purchasin the handhelds with the sho' shots, it got me spittin these slugs at my competition, in rap sessions U-A-P ain't got no weapon, you lip professin Next in, line, parental discretion advised these explicit, street linguistics Better than yo' momma biscuits, we bomb shellin I might know but ain't tellin, too bad you missed it Johnny, Dangerously Blaze another enemy made another due paid Color-safe bleach so I don't fade Scar your mental with my double edged blade, razor sharp get yo' bandaids hold that Like E said, Get the Bozack Show them wack niggaz where the do's at On the case like I'm Kojak Kissin the grits on that Flo bitch Flip scripts take LOOONG shits - Raider Ruckus One, I come with premeditated redrum Gingivitis to your filthy ass gums Bottom line either get down or get done Motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Adam F, Method Man, Saukrates, Streetlife Album: Malpractice Song: Enjoy Da Ride Typed by: DaHotb0y16@aol.com [Adam F] Welcome back ladies and gentlemen, to the Roller Coaster Malpractice Please stay seated, yeh, and hold on even FUCKIN tighter now Cause this next section's, as big as the FUCKIN BLEEDIN Ti-FUCKIN-tanic!! And it's called the Heart Attack Mountain; which we feel is self-explanatory ("Stop stop stop stop!!") [Streetlife] Yo, I know the streets is watchin' Dirty date niggas cock-blockin' and plottin' Waitin' for my downfall, Street got options Fuck y'all, y'all can ball, I'ma stay rockin All emcee's paused when they heard the album's droppin Nuttin but the hottest hip-hop rap concoction Rap's in a state of emergency, it's shockin' I produce, joints that loosen up the socket Crowd surf through the mosh pit on some rock shit Bang your head to this, pump your fist if you feelin' it Wild the fuck out, bust a clip for the fuck of it This is as good as it get, who you rollin' with? (You) Who the ultimate? (Wu) Stay committed, sold my soul to this rap shit (nigga) Slow your roll, strike a bowl, you get clapped quick I roll with, ghetto bastard with biscuits And grab my dick and flick it, get the picture [interlude] Hold on.. {DT}: This is Dr. Trevis, comin to y'all motherfunkers live Hold on, hold on.. {Adam F}: The Roller Coaster Malpractice! ("Stop stop stop stop!!") [Redman] Yo, yo, yo I cop a new Benz, crash the front So hard the airbags use nasal pumps Jump out, cock the shottie (raise 'em up!) I stomp holes like the ground ain't paved enough Inform the former the first step was a warm-up The next step'll bomb on where your car alarm was Chikens that'll run in, burn the barn up Shots'll tear ya Sean John and Phat Farm up (nev-ah!) I never got a Soul Train award (nev-ah!) Never lost to emcee's as lame as y'all (nev-ah!) Trick a bitch car payment off I'm a orangutang when the chain is off nigga I set-trip, and I slowly blas with a axe, and a pump, and a goalie mask Leavin, stains of blood on your Roley glass When I'm, in your hood nigga throw me bags [interlude] Hold on.. {DT}: You've just been hit, with the ultimate hardcore shit Hold on, hold on.. {motherfucker} {Adam F}: The Roller Coaster Malpractice! ("Stop stop stop stop!!") [Method Man] Let's trip the night fantastic I'm flexible, they used to call me plastic These big butt bitches get they ass kicked It is what it is, shittin' on y'all kids Couldn't live where we live I can't be defeated like "Nobody Beats the Wiz" Like, when daddy's home can't nobody beat the kids Right? You know the Clan and you know the fuckin man Meth rock a mic without a kickstand Two blunts, and razors in his wristband Slap you and your bitch man Lookin in your lobby, call me stick-man When it's goin down, call me quicksand Zero to sixty in a second, pack a Smith & Weston And if the price is right, you can be the next contestant For this aggression, no question, M-E to the F and be flexin as hard as my erection Kid learn your lesson cuz what if I decide to start testin your joint - end the motherfuckin session [interlude] Hold on.. {DT}: This is the final moment, where you motherfuckers bout to die Hold on, hold on.. {yo} {Adam F}: The Roller Coaster Malpractice! ("Stop stop stop stop!!") [Saukrates] Yo, yo - let a nigga get into it Lubricate y'all veins with this "Do-It" fluid I Einstein the rymes, spit them thangs to prove it Cross with the Mack, in fact, my game's the truest Now I'm on the highway, doin it my way With Street, Illegal, Meth, Roc, and Doc Friday Performin like the weather was warm And drop heat on the streets through zero degree storms And keep the ghetto, pop your metal Smoke it like a cigarette till ya optic yellow The addiction, ain't no friction I got them rap heads fillin out a prescription, with diciton Gettin thick when I put fire to the steaks And burn the odds, like a iron to your face These long hard years spent Oxy-Cleanin Make it clear - look out, Big 'Sauks is here, nigga what? [outro] Hold on.. {DT}: This is Dr. Trevis, warnin y'all motherfuckers Hold on, hold on.. {Adam F}: The Roller Coaster Malpractice! ("Stop stop stop stop!!") Hold on, hold on.. {DT}: PPP Def Squad, we lock shit down Hold on, hold on.. {Adam F}: The Roller Coaster Malpractice! ("Stop stop stop stop!!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Bun B, Method Man Album: Redman Presents... Reggie Song: Lite 1 Witcha Boi Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Red] Aowww! [Bun] What the fuck is THAT?! [Red] I'm 'bout to light my medication! [Man] Hey yo Doc [Red] Whattup? [Man] Let's do this shit [Red] Okay then - light one up for ya boy out there [Man] Yo, let's go [Method Man] I like to fly the friendly skies until the sky fall I got them frequent flier miles, I hit the Sky Mall I'm on that red eye flight, you see the redness in my eyeballs Homey ain't no question that I balls I'm fresh as Pine-Sol, what you smellin is trees Me and my bredderns inhalin watermelon and cheese I clear my head like Magellan while he's sailin the seven, seas 'til armageddeon just waitin 'til I'm a legend Please! I am legend, a veteran in my profession No guessin it's Meth in this session, you smell this herbal essence Ain't nothin like a first impression Sky's the limit, and sometimes I'm so fly, I need a flight extension [Chorus 2X: Redman] Yo I know I smell good, when I walk by I catch sky miles, cause I look high And plus I look fly baby take a Polaroid And when you done with that light one wit'cha boy [Redman] Yessir, aiyyo I've been in every hood around the world it never fail Soon as they smell that aroma they say light the L Yeah, they see me flow, +Half Baked+ like Chappelle I guess I swim AND smoke like Michael Phelps Yeah, type the e-mail, tell 'em I got the bud Females, I got 'em locked, like Casanova Rud Lookin at my Roley I got time like the Culture Club And since we off the hook, MMM, I'ma roll it up~! Girl you know whassup, Friday we gon' get it in I'm gonna tell you shut up, you'll say "Say it again!" Now light one wit'cha boy to let you know I play to win And tell them other emcees they life paper thin [Bun B] Pass me a cigar I'll bust it open then I'll dump it out Dig into my bag of tricks and pull a lil' somethin out (hold up) That medical marijuana that's pharmaceutical When I break it down that shit be stickin to my cuticles The banana kush that's perfect for a gorilla I twist that motherfucker up and fire up the killer I put a lighter to the ass end and start smokin then pass it over to Reggie Noble and now he tokin And puff puff pass nigga, don't be like the last nigga (naw) Gave him a blunt and all he gave me back was ash nigga (naw) Just tryin to smoke somethin (somethin) then hit the crunk spot (spot) And shut that motherfucker down with the Funk Doc! [Chorus] - 2X [Bun B] God damn Red~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Method Man Album: Doc's Da Name 2000 Song: Well All Rite Cha Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Method Man] Hydro... indo... (buddha!) Hah... cocoa... yo, ya-ya-yo! I need some brown weed (lady) all day I need some brown weed (jenny) I need some cut (lady, lady) Now these doors don't open, til after dark And it ain't til 12 til the party really starts (Yo, me and my crew had to be in by ten  Right before the fun was about to begin) Yo yo, one bitten, jabberjaws, tryin to taste the paper written, kids be bullshittin, I see they flaws Too many rebels, not enough cause for me to pause Them broads love my shitty drawers, the finest criminal minded put my life behind it, you niggaz find it hard to swallow poison in the bottle, she too sexy So I gotta watch you fast bitches, too many tricks that can give a dick a bad sickness *coughing* [Redman] Yo, yo! Yo son excuse me?  (Yo) I'm tryin to earn a million buck or two The ill MC step in -- (and who the fuck are you?) Doc start walkin bumpin M.O.P. To catch a nigga gettin gassed, puttin ten on three (Da Ruckus!) With the mic I blast men on sight So off the hook Atlantic Bell had to go on strike Doc did it, metaphors come AMG kitted 20/20 vision, comes tinted! From being so high.. (So high..) so high.. so high.. [Method Man] Air it out Iron Lung I be the street soldier, ante up Pull them panties up, party's over, in the cut slappin grudges offa niggaz shoulder, bringin ruck like them Wild-cats at Villanova, hot as fuck! Duke or sober, suave bowler, soul controller of the universe, stole-a, colder than cola Caps grab your hoodie hat, Island of Stat' keep them cats runnin for they gat, in stormy weather [Redman] Gats, right hook, uppercut swollen how I left your eye Stage dived, made a mistake, kicked F.O.I. Aiyyo hoe! Doc be keepin a dope show like Marilyn Manson the handgun be stashed in the panelling Jersey drop son, watch me whip it like midget Diggin in that whole plate and, piss on your picnic (Don't nobody move) Don't nobody start flinchin Limo driver, roll up the fuckin partition! [M] Who them niggaz that be rollin them thai, high as a kite?  Gettin pussy all nite (well all rite cha) yeah yeah [R] Well who them cats you can call on, when you wanna brawl?  (Get drunk as hell) and so on (well all rite cha) yo yo [R] Is Funk Doc up in the house? (well all rite cha) yo yo [M] Hot Nix up in the house? (well all rite cha) [R] Bricks to Stat' hold it down (well all rite cha) yo yo [M] Mad dick up in your mouth (hah, all nite cha) [Redman] Yo Tical's and Doc, did it before, I'll do it again Snatch spark to the ignition, I'm screwin it in (Aiyyo we out!) Six drop in ten seconds, what? I'll be the first one on the floor at your, wedding reception B-Boys gather around and act p-noid Bring the Trouble T-Roy, to earlobes, keyloid (Terminator 2) Doc after Sarah Conn' for the barrel bonds (Am I on?) Tical, you're on Uhh-uhh-on, uhh-uhh-on Uh uh-uh uh-uh, uh-uh-on [Method Man] Got these slim pickins on my Charles Dickens, I pack a mac to make your back stiffen, flip the script I act different The eyeball, keep your distance, warning y'all you don't listen Bitchin over shit you ain't gettin So finally, puttin in work, the big hurt MC, with a social disease, and get it first Enemies, feel my energies, four centuries of anger Remember me? (The field nigga!) Too Ghetto Fabulous, RZA.. Sharp, and hazardous Figure, with bad habit, can't hold his liquor Speed like a millipede (Hot Nix-on) Contemplate the non-fiction on loose leaves Paragraphs, hundred degrees, my pen bleed (ha!) Showin you the pain I feel from holdin these black thoughts, deep rooted, nowadays they come with batteries included, in wicked ways [M] Who them niggaz that be rollin them thai, high as a kite?  Gettin pussy all nite (well all rite cha) yeah yeah [R] Well who them cats you can call on, when you wanna brawl?  (Get drunk as hell) and so on (well all rite cha) yo yo [R] Is Funk Diggy in the house? (well all rite cha) yo yo [M] Meth Diggy no doubt! (well all rite cha) [R] Bricks to Stat' hold it down (well all rite cha) yo yo [M] Mad dick up in your mouth (all nite cha) cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha, cha... * fades in and out before end * Artist: Roni Size f/ Method Man Album: In the Mode Song: Ghetto Celebrity Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Intro: Method Man] Uhm hum, y'all thought it was a game We ain't playin' wit' y'all motherfuckers, uh uh East Side/West Side Connection for real Uhm, this is how its goin' down huh Come down to you and me huh Mr. Size It's real [Method Man] M-E-F, ain't you heard yet kid I'm cobra step Vocal threat, mark for death, y'all ain't seen nothin' yet Movin' on your fuckin' left, over time, sudden death Competition, hold your breath, when you see me hold the tec Party people lie, they shout with evil eye Tical and Roni Size, bring your beef with ecoli Poison and kill the noise an', your fam' and all your boys in Seek and destroy young brothers Tougher than they baby mothers Your class show no cash, runnin' low on gas Empty don't even tempt me, to pull his nine and glass The sky is fallin' fast, the world is panickin', panickin' People hawlin' ass, now who the man again Yeah I got luck this year, go bring that pussy here Where? I don't even care, bounce, I mean intensive care Throw your hands into the air (c'mon), we 'bout to take it there Full cycle, no fair, now who the man again Now who the man again Now who the man again Now who the man again *repeat verse* [Method Man] Red life, green light, one two three Ain't no hope in stoppin' me, we ain't got no pot to pea Mr. Mef, Roni Size, shady eye with lazy eye Crazy hive, maybe I crash and burn like Lady Di Blackin' out, passin' out This is what I they askin' 'bout Ghetto life, tuck your whites, fuck your wife, bust a pipe We gonna fuck it up tonight, girl make sure you suck it right Hold that mic like Dolomite, get them blunts and roll them tight What are you men or mice? Kid I just begin to bite Back like Kevin Bokavitch, you know that means apocalypse Oh shit, follow this, why don't you just follow this? Any race, colour or creed, just like the apollo wid a Phen-army-non, from Bristol to P. Long Be on the law, huntin' rappers out of season Throw 'em in the air, we 'bout to take it there Full cycle, no fair, now who the man again (make a threat, pay your dept, Meth-Tical) Now who the man again (throw it back, you knowin' that, goin' back) Now who the man again (so you say, all day, you know I'm down) Now who the man again (aiyo yo, represent, represent, represent..) Now who the man again (represent, represent, represent, represent..) [Break: Method Man] Everyone please attend they It's time you line up in one line An' eveybody gon' get they ass in Just take your time, not now An' I don't give a fuck who your dog Your ass not gettin' in without a guest pass Aight, you first, here's your bunny Show, hehehehe... One two, one two We transmittin' love The new south This is Bressville to shaolin And be on This is a full cycle affair Ayo Roni Size, you's a dope motherfucker That's my word, your everythin' I love fool *repeat verse two* [Break: Method Man] Roni Size and Mr. Mef Cat is staggerin', oh shit [Outro: Method Man] Celebrity status is in the I the beholder As one who is capable of Turning nothing into something One who's aaaaaaaaaaaall ambition is so intense that he can settle for nothin' less than the best Here lies the +Ghetto Celebrity+ Oh shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Run-D.M.C. f/ Method Man and  	Dig Dast, Gold D, Jamel Simmons, Kenny Cash, Mike Ransom Album: Crown Royal Song: Simmons Incorporated Typed by: goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Intro: Dig Dast (Jamel Simmons) {Gold D}] Yo my nigga Jamel Simmons what the deal nigga? (Gold D, Dig Dast what's goin down, what's goin down) {Aight, what's goin on, what's goin on What's the deal pa, where you headed son?} (Yo I'm bout to go to the studio and lay smash hit Wit my Uncle Run, boy) {Word?} Ain't he a Reverend now, collectin plates At churches and shit? (He's spittin flames right now baby He at the top of his game, right now I'm tellin, I'm show you, watch Youknowhatimean? He's a born again, hooligan) Uh-huh [Jamel Simmons] I'm red rum, Reverend Run, brother son, earthquakin Industry shakin, you kiddin me? We money makin Your money fake son, I'll call you clay cuz you get's Play-Doh Jamel and Joey Simmons holdin millions on the lay low Platinum hailos, hero heads high from hydro Hit the dime on the combo, she try to diss my rhyme flow She ain't know we only glamorous like Phat Farm fashion Simmons name sinamous wit this cash It's our passion... what!? [Run] Yo basically I'm here to rename rap, it ain't rap no more Call it Simmons Incorporated, since '74 Lotta money in this fam, think about it Me wit Run-D.M.C., and him over at Def Jam Well damn, how the hell you think we livin? How you think it feel to be a Simmons Imagine Christmas and Thanksgiving People wanna know why I ain't on my brother's label If I did this whole rap game be unstable Went over to Arista wit Mr. Davis, for the change of neighbors It's only fair that we share those naked papers You can tell a cat serious about rap and it ain't luck If 20 years after his first single, his name's stuck From '74 to '99, did novice to king, wit a million MC's waitin in line Keep a barrel on this album if my man's and them rise [Method Man] Now speed it up, uh [Chorus 2X: Run] Run really make ya wanna drop, drop Now wanna make ya go live, live Now wanna make ya go live, live Now hold up [Method Man] Now I walked on ice and never fell I spent my time in a plush hotel John-John Phenomenon, deadly but calm Word to my born, dead by dawn Got the right to bear arm, ring the alarm! Another sound boy dyin, hot irons Slugs flyin out the hardware appliance Baby mamma cryin, sobbin and grievin You was at aws wit them kids till they made it even Let down ya guard, yes you did, now you barely breathin To unaware, open season on a duck, we don't give a what Yo best best to give it up Sho indeed, let's Run D's MC's, they phony Some hump free, they mad bogey Saddle up ya horse, if the sunset mosey Jam Master Jay deserve a trophy for this track, right? Futuristic G past type, if that's yo girlfriend She wasn't last night punk, little boy Stylin mad chump, ain't no wins here This sport's extreme, know what I mean? Gettin royalty, +Down With the King+!!! [D.M.C.] Crack, crack, cracks in the cradle Cracks, in the cradle Cracks in the cradle, cokes in the spoon Little Boy Blue higher than the moon Will he, will he want a weapons, will he wanted the wound I come to school and lay down the rules Two, two, two channel empty guzzle, brake gallons of drop Shorty wit the forty, once sport in the dark Co-co-corner, black as a goner Didn't really wanna call my momma in Savannah [Mike Ransom] I spit dynamite ignite turn off lights Recite, spit poetry type, get my squad physically hype Get a hundred blast from Funkmaster, crush ya life +Blast+ Time to go now, show these fake rappers the way to go down Down With The Kings, like Smokey down wit Motown Who wanna come and see, come and test me Take about a million MC's to wet me For Run-D.M.C. I let shells fly, freein the five Wit the red eye, niggas talkin to much Tape 'em up, leave 'em hog tied [Kenny Cash] You thinkin about it way to hard, how to get down wit the Gods Kenny Cash, the Bronx cat, but it'll ride wit gats Peep chicks huggin the sacks, yours scratchin the back I'mma shark in a shack, y'all cats is feedin the fish Now hate and feed wit clips, nigga that leave you ripped And I'm leavin 'em dry, shit's crushed wit bleadin lips Bet I, leave these chips, and a C.L.K. After I hang plaques in the spot wit Run, D and Jay [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Erick Sermon f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Breath of Fresh Air Song: Look Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Erick Sermon] (Redman) Yeah! Erick Sermon! Uh! Method Man Uh! Uh! Redman! Def Wu Uh! (Yeah! Yessir!) Huh! [Verse One: Redman] Aiyyo! Aiyyo I am Hip Hop look through the lens (Lens) My fitted cap got the gold sticker on the brim (Brim) I look like a eight (Eight!) But I flow like a ten (Ten!) The New Jack that got G-Money on a stem I started in 9-2, back in the 2G Funk Doc to Jamal How High the movie Got new money (YEAH!) Got new clothes (Yeah!) I look super bad I'm a get that fo' sho' Fo' sho' I'm a get that fo' sho' I got it I crank up the bass in the car's power outage Mastered my paper I've been 'Bout It 'Bout It Graduated the streets and dropped out of college Bitch gimme knowledge, fuck study hall You can say, I got my Phd in the car A hood nigga, drink out peanut butter jars Red and Meth, rockin the bells like Todd  [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! You can hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! [Method Man] (Erick Sermon & Redman) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) (LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!) [Verse Two: Method Man] Yo! I'm like Selleck with the magnum, without the P.I. This grown folk B.I. llama tucked in my Levi's This Killa Bee, keep a honey bee in the bee hive The type that beat the seeds and bring you weed on B.I. I'm on that Grand Hustle my dude shoutout to T.I. The dope I'm tryna hustle is compliments of the green eye E, let me bark on these youngins get in they heads I was gettin pissy drunk when they still was pissin the bed I can see why, they envy the swag 'cause Staten Island we Empty the mag you wave an enemy flag around here I got somethin to say, gimme the floor Matter fact, Doc let's cut to the chase, give me the swords Time to Leatherface the game got niggas sayin my name 'Til it taste like, shit in your mouth son, my goons snatch chains Slap the shit out your dame clap them thangs  Blow these niggas out they frame and we out, ONE!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! You can hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! [Method Man] (Erick Sermon & Redman) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) (LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!) [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Uh! Mike was the king of pop, I'm dangerous I shoot the glock but I prefer the stainless I ain't even deep, that's Red and Meth I came with (Uh!) Red nor blue just them two I bang with I keep pursuin this so don't get angry I'm unpredictable sometimes they call me Jamie (Baby!) So when you see me comin be on your best behavior 'Cause it's too early for you to be meetin the savior Just 'cause for that, here's a favor (Uh!) Fuck around with them young boys will Just Blaze ya, hater You ain't hardcore fuck it you a liar! (Word!) That gangsta pass you had expired  Homes you a riot you crack me up I know a cat with no response that will back me up  (SAY WHAT!!!!) I speak the truth like the bible You never gonna make it like American Idol [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! You can hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! [Method Man] (Erick Sermon & Redman) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) This shit bump like a body in the trunk (LOOK!!!) (LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Show & A.G. f/ Method Man, D. Flow, Wali World & Party Arty Album: Goodfellas Song: Got the Flava Typed by: wubrothernumber1@hotmail.com Chorus: Show & A.G. got the flavas (the flavas) Rollin with the dwellas and the neighbors (the neighbors) Show & A.G. got the flavas (the flavas) Rollin with the dwellas and the neighbors (the neighbors) [D. Flow] Hey yo no question I'm the best in this rap business No doubt I'm strapped, get back or get clapped rediculous son I'm flippin this one (don't be dumb) You better run or end up like my last victim Shit that's real I already been through Scared from the threats I sent you (it's all in the mental) Jackin niggas like I'm in the Central Cuttin through that ass like a Ginsu as I commense to Get big with my nigs, A.G. & Showbiz Now your idol was doin vital damage to your ribs Word straight up and down, crab MCs get crushed I'll leave your style cramped, my crew can't be touched So when you hear the bomb you know it's D. Flow son No one can fuck around, yeah that's right (no one) [Wali World] Hey yo the honies on the dilz cause I play ball good (it's all good) I'm still representin the hood Big shouts to Uncle Pete, you're my number one neighbor No doubt I'm puffin later with my nigga Gary Aida Peace to Roc Raider and all the goodfellas People gettin jealous, well it's the brothers (the brothers) On some other shit can't forget Shabazz Representin not to mention that I'm gettin cash Get with that or get with this because I'm kickin this With the styles I'm runnin through niggas like Emmit Smith [Party Arty] Touchdown, I buck down MCs that step up 10 G's if you wanna MC wrecked up The ghetto dwella's in your hood, hoodie down Stomps from the Bronx, the boogie man from the Boogie Down Momma never told me there would be days like this That I'd be rippin tracks, gettin paid with my nigs On tour, roar with that hardcore stuff Niggas call bluffs (I give em no chance) I make it more rough (And even slow dance) on niggas faces, rugged, fuck it Them niggas got to love it cause we made this I'm gettin papers with my peeps As Party Arty keeps Bacardi so MCs meet the shotty [A.G.] Check the method but don't sweat the technique Even made the baddest dime bitches get weak when the vets speak (Hopin) That your head meets my bed sheets (Now you're open) Like the Red Sea cause I'm potent Don't fit? Don't force it, Flow got that 4-fifth Who do with that voodoo, my doll it's that cordless All this and that and then some Get paid to put raps on tracks, I guess that's my income The beat chills so they be comin back for refills (My man shows his street skills) From here to the Peekskills Kill the rumors, givin MCs brain tumors Time to step off the set, gotta jet like Puma Chorus (2x) [Method Man] What the blood clot, son lick a shot, show your love in the area Forget me not, mass hysteria My style revolves around blunts, the Methical The one and only piece original, never phony One love to my muthafucker A.G. A true giant in the industry, hold your shoes up (Word to God, youknowI'msayin) Yeah, that's how it's goin down, you know who got the flava We got the flava, the flava So bring it on, so bring it on, all you muthafuckin corns, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Speedy f/ Method Man, Prodigy, Roscoe Album: Flight Risk Song: Gangsta Rapperz Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Prodigy & Method Man talking] [Chorus: Prodigy (Method Man)] Yo they get smoked up fuckin with these gangsta rappers (These niggas ain't rappers P, they fuckin actors) Might get locked up fuckin with you crazy bastards (What's hood nigga, get fucked up and then blasted) Mess around, might catch these slugs, don't put me in them caskets (Down south you call them choppers, up here we call the rachets) If you don't do it, nigga then you know what's happenin (Funny style niggas is clowns, but we ain't laughin) [Method Man] Who tryin to question my ghetto? Ya'll need to stop that I'm tryin to see how the kettle call it hot black I call my flow next level cus this is not rap Ya'll pop shit I pop back C'mon if you need a hot sixteen who do you call? Meth, lord of the underground, trick I do it all I'm angry at the baller, the game angry at ya'll I'm angry that I'm six feet tall and can't ball M-E-Th lights some bomb ass weed, I have to be So next time you hit the herb spot up, ask for me Let them know how I'm living this life fast and free I can't slow down, I'm somethin like Puff, pass the trees Let it go round, and I ain't feelin you clowns Like fake friends who look away when they be givin you pounds Some ho trying to act like she ain't feelin my style Till her legs are in the air, I bet she feelin me now [Speedy] I'm a gold nigga, paroled and hit the streets And ain't none of you rap niggas fuckin with me And stop fuckin for free, you ain't fuckin so your homies can see That bitch made nigga can't stand with me You get hit for just playin with me Cus I'm an east side nigga, a west side nigga Give a fuck side nigga, ride or die nigga, I'm still hot nigga Yeah crack your face, he had a gun on his waist Boy just erase, dubs and wide turns, weed we burn Big V12 nigga, four-five shells nigga We got the heat on us And you bitch made niggas gon squeeze on us You better ask somebody, I'm Gotti Gotti Get my grind on baby, get my shine on baby Feel me, just white tees and khaki shoes and got loose Still g'd in my suit, stil sing to my lou With the suade on my roof, 21's on the roof See the electric roof, with the gun so small, I'll hold down Snoop With a gun so small, I'll hold down you, now tell me what the fuck I'm supposed to do Because your lil homie lift his shirt He got hit then your lil homie hit the dirt Yeah P, yeah Meth, tell them how that work [Roscoe] Sick in the head, derranged my brain iller The black Max Payne, these ain't no pain killers Game's realer, so proclaim Illadelph No shame in my game, I came from caine dealers I hang from the ceiling and drink liquor Slizzer, slur on the mic and speak easy My enemies just die when they see me And wifey wanna rock the mic, she freaky It's the admirable, admiral Roscoe the black Bobby ?Boshey?, so watch what you say Me and my boy ?? make a rush for the border Lean out my Tahoe and yell "Yo Quiero Taco Bell?" My glock throw shells that'll rock your bells, phony nigga like taco shells Get hectic, dodged and got it You top notch? Got it, drop top and got it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Spice 1 f/ Method Man Album: AmeriKKKa's Nightmare Song: Hard to Kill Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.com [Method Man] Yeah, play times over motherfuckers Spice 1's defiantly in motherfuckin' effect You know what I'm saying? bringing it to all you bitch ass niggaz So raise up and recognize, and understand that this brother is hard to kill {Spice 1} I'm running this niggaz off their block Taking their shit kicking it to the bitches People cant lift off your spot I'm leaving your shit all up in stitches Nigga Bullets go through the door I'll shoot you and that ho Got a cap for each nigga fucking with my cash flow Pid cap, be love cap pid Because in the neighborhood cause still kill at will. Gotta keep on my pistol on tight Slanging sugar delite That china white got these niggaz killing each other tonight Sometimes a turf is like a war zone Or even Vietnam, not at the movies but you still see the died come And a nigga catch a slug, caps' be pulled for fun foo You got to watch your shit before we pull a ak on your own blood Se niggaz will stick you for your cash That's when they enter the t-shirt contest to super soak their ass So Method Man show these niggaz the deal Let these motherfuckers know that your hard to kill [Method Man] Who dat nigga? You on with me with the super fly Methtical nigga Who want to die? For year nigga Wow, even try to test sides Challenger your the bird with my 45 cabolar Can it be that this is the S.P.I.C.E. 1 and the method motherfucka With the guns blazing? You trail, my god, its amazing Where your punk at? Nightmares like Wes Craven The bigger the critter, the harder to pull the trigga I'll send your ass back to the dark side nigga Your a snake, I've seen you sliver, so I deliver with death We'll throw your punk ass in the river On the battle ship I'm the captain Beat that ass bloody as I send it to the camp. Tical! Chorus S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah. S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah. S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah. [Spice 1] Blah! These motherfuckers nutz if you want to murder me Harder to kill than your average motherfuckin' G Rollz with the uzi with that shit that will make your body drop Cause if your shot, tic toc and you don't stop Nigga, down for my strap niggaz on their back No rat-tat-tat so its on the map Died come again, coming straight out of my jaws Got these niggaz screaming out paws Pistol grip and breaking out their jaw Yeah, so you don't want to fuck with me Many niggaz out there to go nuts with me And even on your block smoke them like a fucked up bell Cant be caught by no Po-Po's cant be put in no slammer I don't be fucking with no snitches Aint no body going to tell, leave your dick in the dirt And yo momma as well New York to Cali niggaz are hard to kill Shit is too real, your a ignorant mutha fucka If your not riding with your steal Chorus S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah. S.P.I.C.E. come to be hard to killah, hard to killah, hard to killah. S.P.I.C.E. coming from the bay area, bay area, puffing carea. S.P.I.C.E. coming from the bay area, bay area, puffing carea. 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 1-8-7 Outro: Spice 1 Capping your ass for the 94, what you know? Grab your glock Blah! Me burst out first 'Mon We Audi 7000 G The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sticky Fingaz f/ Method Man, Redman, Xzibit Album: Get it Up 12" Song: Get it Up (Remix) Typed by: Dark@cloudx.fsnet.co.uk * * send corrections to the typist Is y'all ready to go up in here? Aiight, pull the black mask down We bout to rush the door (Ah shit, hide your jewelry) I told y'all we was coming Yo everybody watch out Word up Get it up, huh The ice on ya wrist player pick it up, huh My killers in the cut go stick em up, huh Ladies grab your shirts and lift em up, huh Lemme see your ass baby back it up, huh My soldiers on the front line actin up, huh Lemme see your guns, what throw em up, huh Lemme see your guns, what throw em up, huh Lemme see your guns, what throw em up, huh Yo Sticky Fingaz, word up I told y'all niggaz (black trash) Yo come on Verse 1: Sticky Fingaz Who made black folks slam and throw they guns? Who made da world bacdafucup in '91? Who made niggaz go out and shave they head bald? Who beat Dr Dre for a soul train award? Who da first rap star u seen dive into da crowd? Who originated that screamin grimey sound? Who had da last verse u were always waitin for? Well he's solo now u aint gotta wait no more? STICKY FINGAZ! my life is like an action flick My solo album coming out february da 6th I got a question whats it all about in here? I got a question who got da hottest album this year? I brought everybodys album who came out this year And I want my money back I got the hottest album this year Do u know how much universal paid russel simmons to buy me Even interscope was havin biddin wars tryin to sign me Do u think its all about da monney nah, nah, its more than that Its real shit when thug niggaz want ya autograph There's only 3 hot rappers thats out no lie Lets see theres me, myself & I I might flip out & bug once da la gets in me And go stab a nigga like Ja Rule did fifty When I rhyme, I put rappers on da spot Recording in da same studio, 2Pac got shot Bringing to da game new ideas I cop more respect than u, I aint dropped an album in 2 years Black Trash  Yo kick that old real shit That green shit Verse 2: Xzibit Came to change, smoke, provoke da whole shit to bouncin Announcing ya name to loud might get u shut down I vitallity cut down after da club close Wettin up ya sunday clothes, with a snub nose That's how it goes, Xzibit give a fuck what u thinkin Everyday for me is a week in a blast of da mohcians You bastards is tweekin, I came to get some pussy & skate I never debate, fake featherweights catch a nikel plate Me & my niggaz seen da moves u feelin mate And all da bitches seen da dick that they should've ate We multilate then vacate in da golden state Home of da place where niggaz usually make there last mistake So pop ya collars & enjoy ya drinks Cos u aint tryin to see death & I aint tryin to see da clink With the flick of a wrist, send you deep into the abyss I don't pop Cryst', but will pop a nigga with this Word Up! Yeah we takin all ya money takin all ya bitches Verse 3: Method Man & Redman Yo Yo Im so hot to def I'll probably get shot to death Y'all niggaz wanna rock wit Meth? Not on ya best day Stoppin ya breath da M.E.F Way Lets say we get this off our chest  Let da tec spray S.I. back up in da joint I must confese I Burnt down da muthafuckin house before I left I These ladies on da dance floor showin butt My niggaz in da bathroom throwin up Carrying a black shottie walkin up da club Pick out ya dirtiest crew I can stomp in da mud (Who Want It?) Cos when I scream when im pumpin a slug Start airin out da room like im vaccuming up Doc u know da rukcus gonna get brung tonight Killa Bees says somebody gonna get stung tonight Hit me, hit em up, stick me, stick em up If we cant live it up, somebody gotta give it up Black Trash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Strike f/ Animal Chief, Method Man Album: The Free World LP Song: Hold Up Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Method Man] Yea, whattup yo, that's right, yeah yeah yeah I need to be sure, Ayo this your boy Mr. Meth right here man 718 to the 313, let's do it, yeah, my nigga Strike whattup [Chorus: Animal Chief] (Hold up) Before you get your jaw swole up Take another step, the Mac might bust, see the cops get touched Squad cars get blown up when you see us coming up, screaming 'what nigga' (Hold up) Throw your guns up before you get touched Or you get crushed by D.O.T.'s bust, niggas don't give a fuck We move like the feds on us, so beware when you see us coming up, screaming [Animal Chief] Yo I don't need a bottle of Hypnotiq to get bout it Wild fiends known for carrying guns and narcotics I'm a hustla, I fell of my feet and bounced back I'm not guarenteed if I don't make it in rap See I don't shoot craps, I shoot cats with M40 Gats I never been shot, but I been pistol whipped by the strap Stabbed in the back, best friends turned into rats I used to smoke weed, pop e and guzzle the yak But now I stack cheese by all means, gun in my jeans I move out with a small team, misses and me AKs with the guns and beans, Uzis and M16 We carry more ammo than US Marines So if you wonder why people call me the Chief Some people call me Savager Beast I corrupted the schools and the streets When in the other hood, we don't lay heat Ran up in stores, seizing the cheese The Mountain Climbaz do as we please [Method Man] Ain't nothin sweet right here, I got a fetish for this mic phone, forget t I'm heading for the top, but not without my eagle desert A little rough around the edges, trick, but give me credit I'm something like Jerome Beddings, you know the bust I spit dust, bu there ain't a thing about that's prosthetic I'm blacking out, call a medic, fuck that anesthetic Bring on the pain from these cosmetics MCs that make up none, that's right, I said it If you let Tical spread it, we can split this head of lettuce, but you can't split my Method I'm copesthetic, now pop another e for evan I'm well rested for any enemy that you slept with Tical check it, we serve another copy of the next Meth murder record All major credit cards accepted I don't gotta be arrested, or talk about how I'm well connected To be respected, you know my steeeez [Strike] You gon need more killas for guns, more cats on your team More M16s for redbeans, to try to fuck with this latest regime I put four in your chest, three in your leg and two in your spleen See I don't gotta come sell you a dream Nicknamed Detroit's Spike Lee, I stay on the screen I got soldiers that live in the mud Once a nigga break loose, the whole industry is catching a flood You better back, the general is in this bitch, back up Before I lift my mac up and make your bones crack up Don't worry bout trying to act up Cuz these MCs from the streets will have you begging us to put the strap up See any spot is out cold, I come with enough ammo to swallow up your area code And I smash niggas outdoors, when it's all said and done, I earned my spot and ya'll paid for yours The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Super Cat f/ Method Man Album: The Good, The Better, The Best of Super Cat Song: Scalp Dem (Wu-Tang Mix) Typed by: Cno Evil *Super Cat intro* [Super Cat] Well I guess, soon as this apartment gon' flow The killa boy boy, gonna flame gonna ride in west And I gotta run up the mountain, and big up and test But the pound that come with the stress About to make me tell bout all of this Gonna make sure got down the bulletproof vest That me pop off and I splurge, anything me gon' test Me say, me down down then done nigga rest [Chorus: Super Cat] Make me tell you bout scalp dem, scalp dem, and into their eye Scalp dem, scalp dem, and into their eye Scalp dem, scalp dem, and into their eye Me gon' scalp dem, and into their eye [Super Cat] Indian, from our direction Surrounded will eliminate to Grand Canyon That's her, Cherokee and Chayan Got to all lord radar, and Bounty Killer, yeah And woman, not fitted quite Indian Me take the money and the gold, and burn the young one Rush a sand which, and he gwon leave one And girl by me frame, we rush one by one And they rest of them, me have me love attention Tell them that Apache from the Western land [Method Man] Yo, the kettle red hot, rude boy licking shots In your area, mad man terror on your block Ruckus, for the trouble, making gat busting, head touchers Crooked train robbing gold rushers, nigga It be the villain from the Ooh Building That be, ready and willing for a want die killing Murda, there ain't nothing in the world that I ain't heard of Or did, just peep the hunger, pain from coming back, kid Super Cat's sick, everything be cool irie Pass the peace pipe like Chief Cocheese, yeah [Super Cat] Oh boy a sound bwoy, a pretty boy get outside But me shoot up by the sea, by the pressure we apply My say shot up bald eagle, from out of the sky Toss him, and then give up eye Bring fire dance, and known the boy die The woman, send on out and go cry I witness star crushing years pon on the fly We kill to outlaw and we still in July We love the Eli, cuz Eli no he die We let the Josie day long, the word don't work We sign a treaty, a pity war signed to die But if a boy sent to kill, answer fly [Super Cat] Well I guess, soon as this apartment gon' flow The killa boy boy, gonna flame gonna ride in west And I gotta run up the mountain, and big up and test But the pound that come with the stress About to make me tell bout all of this Gonna make sure got down the bulletproof vest That me pop off and I splurge, anything me gon' test Me say, me down down then done nigga rest [Super Cat] Well I guess, soon as this apartment gon' flow The killa boy boy, gonna flame gonna ride in west And I gotta run up the mountain, and big up and test But the pound that come with the stress About to make me tell bout all of this Gonna make sure got down the bulletproof vest That me pop off and I splurge, anything me gon' test Me say, me down down then done nigga rest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Method Man, Redman, Erick Sermon Album: The Piece Makers 3: Return of the 50 MC's Song: Let's Go Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Redman] (Erick Sermon) Yeah! (Redman!) Yessir! Tony Toca! [Verse One: Redman] Aiyyo! Aiyyo I am Hip Hop look through the lens (Lens) My fitted cap got the gold sticker on the brim (Brim) I look like a eight (Eight!) But I flow like a ten (Ten!) The New Jack that got G-Money on a stem I started in 9-2, back in the 2G Funk Doc to Jamal How High the movie Got new money (YEAH!) Got new clothes (Yeah!) I look super bad I'm a get that fo' sho' Fo' sho' I'm a get that fo' sho' I got it I crank up the bass in the car's power outage Mastered my paper I've been 'Bout It 'Bout It Graduated the streets and dropped out of college Bitch gimme knowledge, fuck study hall You can say, I got my Phd in the car A hood nigga, drink out peanut butter jars Red and Meth, rockin the bells like Todd  [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] (Tony Touch Scratchin) LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Did you hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") [Verse Two: Method Man] Yo! I'm like Selleck with the magnum, without the P.I. This grown folk B.I. llama tucked in my Levi's This Killa Bee, keep a honey bee in the bee hive The type that beat the seeds and bring you weed on B.I. I'm on that Grand Hustle my dude shoutout to T.I. The dope I'm tryna hustle is compliments of the green eye E, let me bark on these youngins get in they heads I was gettin pissy drunk when they still was pissin the bed I can see why, they envy the swag 'cause Staten Island we Empty the mag you wave an enemy flag around here I got somethin to say, gimme the floor Matter fact, Doc let's cut to the chase, give me the swords Time to Leatherface the game got niggas sayin my name 'Til it taste like, shit in your mouth son, my goons snatch chains Slap the shit out your dame clap them thangs  Blow these niggas out they frame and we out, ONE!!! [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] (Tony Touch Scratchin) LET'S GO! LET'S GO LET'S GO LET'S GO!!! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! Did you hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") [Verse Three: Erick Sermon] Uh! Mike was the king of pop, I'm dangerous I shoot the glock but I prefer the stainless I ain't even deep, that's Red and Meth I came with (Uh!) Red nor blue just them two I bang with I keep pursuin this so don't get angry I'm unpredictable sometimes they call me Jamie (Baby!) So when you see me comin be on your best behavior 'Cause it's too early for you to be meetin the savior Just 'cause for that, here's a favor (Uh!) Fuck around with them young boys will Just Blaze ya, hater You ain't hardcore fuck it you a liar! (Word!) That gangsta pass you had expired  Homes you a riot you crack me up I know a cat with no response that will back me up  (SAY WHAT!!!!) I speak the truth like the bible You never gonna make it like American Idol LET'S GO! [Chorus: Erick Sermon & Redman] (Tony Touch Scratchin) (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Did you hear what he's sayin homey he said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") Ok we ain't playin man I said LET'S GO! (I-I-I-I-It's like this y'all, and you don't stop-"LL Cool J") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trendsz of Culture f/ Method Man, Treach Album: Trends... Song: Who Got My Back? Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Bad Mentalz] You look my all, but you jaw folks be forward We from the same zone, but you wanna cause war Then Bad Mentalz mold to make match things upon this mission So I drink the booze, so I block out all restriction Now I am prepared for these hazardous conditions So brothers will be scared, but in my past, there's no pissin' Genoese, I'm feelin' this, I'm illin' this, forever Forever, just out as long as these niggas ain't never pull my lever Figurin', rush triggerin' this nigga and, conditionin' of the mental slang You become legendary for the men you bury So I work with this, I just be merciless just like a mercy man Just comin' with a spark, perpetrated heart, damn if he do (Trends though he the rule) But let's begin to ruffle, Trends setter huddle No way that my neck'll buckle in the scuffle, yo let's shuffle Let's hook to the dome of a cut, yo, what's up Swagger as you stagger, I bust you like a neck flexed out And watch the wreck come trickle in Adrenaline, come any men, cause it's my temple that you ticklin' Mad rows, bad blows surfin' through the shadows That can't go, the test stress of your chest, your back blows This cover, this mother, this and another, because your back wasn't covered [Method Man] Me, nothin' I hate more than a fake and phony ass nigga In my square, prepare for the nation, if I slam, like my culture Old jet style and get bit by the vulture Scavenger, take anyone on the calendar In the back, you can be the champ, I'll be challenger From the underground, understand, I'm the underdog That one and all, some hungrier than ya'll Water down bastard, style's not long from the casket 36 Chambers of death, kid, to let it Now they goin', oh hey, except it Come here with the childish shit, you get molested I got the anger of a slave man Usin' my change to bring pain, to the cave man Dig it, it's the, I ain't got no love for the nigga on the trigga With my name on a slug, now ask yourself [Chorus: Trends of Culture (Treach)] Who got my back, who got my back? (Naught got your back) Who got my back, who got my back? (Ill Town got your back) Who got my back, who got my back? (North Carolina got your back) Who got my back, who got my back? (Virginia got your back) [Treach] Blaow, cli-clao, cli-clao, how you like me now Blaow, cli-clao, cli-clao, guard your lips, funk that Who see my back, who be my back, who rockin' that? Who got my back, like that, a gat Looks like a pump, feels like a sneaker Even deeper a reaper ain't scared of a weaker creeper either It ain't no mystery, you played your history like a hoochie Now we see where Miss Goldberg is a Whoopie White face, black paint, didn't get me dancin' White men can't jump, and I bet you ten can't dance, son Fuck what you heard, just act like you listen Any mission caught dissin', listen, I'm pissin' on your system Then I'm playin' Mr. Split You, with your sister Fuck stick and move, bitch I'm slick, I stick and blister Then I sliver through your liver, quiver, shake an earthquake The style shaker, that make you wet the faker To tell 'em I'm yellin', cause I'm strapped, I'm mad at the world Drinkin' earl, heard shots, who got my back [Nastee] A mastermind takes dimes to create And if you're not experienced, you best contend with your own weak class Word to my granny's ass, my range is strange Enter, box ripper, to the center Here I am, so what, this nigga's style is what I throw a brick from the lip, when I'm in the cut Always representin', cause the men, done white Hittin' the uptown slick nigga, shit through the night Cause I hate when other niggas list it, check this, kissed it Never had to diss it, call me swinger man I maintain my rap, get my dap and I step through the rubble Lookin' for trouble, muthafuckas here it is, grown in your biz I put your all in here, I'm sayin' flows for days where the big boys be playin' Mad styles from mad files, see, Trend-men wreck shit from miles and mile and miles I dedicate my skill to the sewers I dedicate my skill to those who walk through the manure Forgot a, whose in the butter, here we are Call us Trend-men, we come and make muthafuckin' masada Who got my back in the mist of the mayhem When I attack 'em, Brother Nast' out to slay 'em [Outro: Treach (Method Man) {Nastee}] Yeah, word up, peace out the gutter Who dat? D-Ski, Lord Champ, Trends State, Riker's Island All will, North County (Wow, Meth Tical, power cypher got my back The whole Shaolin Island got my back Yeah, even Long Island got my back, and I'm out) {Word up, word up, Brother Nast', Uptown Represent niggas, in Brooklyn, in Bronx, all ya'll niggas Get live with us, Trends of Culture, who got my back?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Blu Cantrell, Method Man Album: U Remind Me (Remix) 12" Song: U Remind Me (Trackmasters Remix) Typed by: ruffendz21@hotmail.com [Intro] Right, oh y'all know what I'm sayin' Trackmasters, what up? [Method Man] Yo, you remind me of this chick I knew, used to pursue She wouldn't let the Meth' Man screw, but let the crew So I did what any man in that situation would do Go find him something new that's gon' keep it gangsta, too Don't take it personal, I just call it the way I see And what I see is not a potential wife to be So basically, there it is and there it go I'll pass this time, but next lifetime who knows? Anything I suppose [Usher] See, the thing about you, that caught my eye Is the same thing that makes me change my mind Kinda hard to explain, but girl I'm-a try You need to sit down, this may take a while.... See, this girl she sorta looks like you She even smiles just the way you do So innocent she seemed, but I was fooled I'm reminded when I look at you [Chorus 1 - Usher] (Blu Cantrell) You remind me of a girl that I once knew (Once upon a time) See here face whenever I, I look at you Wouldn't believe all of the things she put me through (You remind me, yeah) This is why I just can't get with you [Blu Cantrell] I can recall a certain magic in your eyes Although we are just meeting, I feel as though I already know you It's such a shame that you remind me of a past love, my worst love So sorry, but I can't get with you 'cause remind me, yeah [Chorus 2 - Blu Cantrell] You remind me of a guy that I once knew (you remind me, yeah) See his face whenever I, I look at you Wouldn't believe all of things she put me through (yeah) This is why I just can't get with you [Bridge - Usher] {Method Man} I know it's so unfair to you (ha) It's so unfair That I relay her ignorance to you (whoa, I) Wish I knew, wish I knew how to separate the two You remind me.... (you remind....) {Yes, yes y'all, don't stop y'all,  to the beat y'all, Trackmasters and ya don't stop} [Method Man] It's just somethin' about ya That got me not knowin' if I wanna kiss ya or slap the shit out ya My bad, I'm losin' myself, don't get me wrong It's just that oil and water don't get along Take it from somebody that know, been there befo' I used to where my heart on my sleeve, not anymo' Ask Usher and Blu, nothin' hurt me more than your love do I put that on my life and The 'W' You remind me [Chorus 1 - Usher] {Blu Cantrell} {I can't get with you} You remind me of a girl that I once knew {Once upon a time} See her face whenever I, I look at you (Said I...) Wouldn't believe all of the things she put me through {Sweet thing this is why} This is why I just can't get with you [Chorus 2 - Blu Cantrell] {Usher} {Gotta let you go} You remind of a guy that I once knew See his face whenever I, I look at you (You remind me, yeah) Wouldn't believe all of the things he put me through (Everything that you do, yeah) {This is why I just can't get with you} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Xzibit f/ Method Man & Jayo Felony	 Album: 40 Dayz and 40 Nightz Song: Pussy Pop Typed by: IcedDown1@aol.com	 [Method Man] It's the Meth in the house! Ha, yeah, break it down. [Xzibit] When it's all said in done, we gon' be on top Cause we don't stop, now, lock it down, hit the spot and clown; Niggas relyin on special effects While the khakis and chronic, got the bitches still breakin they neck Move the crowd without breakin a sweat Trend setter, with a Beretta, so keep it on deck Cause you never know when Xzibit gonna move through the set Don't be scared, just be prepared and quiet as kept At a night club, talkin bout you don't go out And you tryin to got to school and make a certain amount But the last part, I just couldn't figure it out I guess its real hard to talk with a dick in your mouth Lightweight, like confetti, steadily tested by motherfuckers who ain't ready To deal with the legendary Soopafly, emcee, and bullett logo Shot callers, clear the whole block like we po-po Chorus: Method Man Round and round we go, it don't stop Till we all get dough, c'mon, make it hot Baby girl to the pussy pop, pussy pop Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop, pop! Lookin good with your stink-ass Type of ass make a nigga pull it over fast Make it hot, baby girl to pussy pop, pussy pop Lick shots for the pussy pop, pop pop! [Jayo Felony] Well, you gotta pop the pussy, get rid of the next with a name on your gums It's the ?Bidulo Gang? bitch, we both want some You got titties and ass But I got a dick and some cash You ain't talkin bout shit Then I'ma smash, bitch On three, on me, bitch, you my property Daddy Jayo Felony, ain't nobody stoppin me And I said daddy, bitch thats what you gon' call me I ain't no simp or a wimp I'ma motherfuckin pimp Tear spots in my hoes, make they high-heels fall off You got me ? the fuck-up, if you think I'm goin soft on ya; I'm hard on my hoes that's how it goes Bitch, get up off your toes, and get my six-four ? My name, you bounced, so you might as well break bread And only Dulo niggas know, whats the head My name is Billy Loco and this is my opinion I'm coming from SD, and Dulo is my religion Be-b-b-b- atch! Chorus [Xzibit] I don't save or pray, or ? clothes All I really wanna do is win the game, fuck hoes! In Jamaica, at the Half Moon Villa, with a killa And a cocain dealer, layin low from the law See it all comes down to who's quick to draw first Pay attention, prevention, ridin off in a hearse Mister X to the you know me Thousand-dollar bitches wanna pop the pussy for free The disfunctional member of the Alkoholik family tree Frequently bang bitches, Wu-Tang, Killer Bee Hennessey on the rocks, with Pina Coloda At the Ramada, make you work hard like Donna For the cheese, got you down on your hands and knees After that we kick back and burn up some trees Mad shout, cause Xzibit's not the type to be treatin I'm an Alkoholic and I'm late for my meeting (Come on, Like that!) Chorus 