The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Mr. Hood at Piocalles Jewelry/Crackpot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mr. Hood] Let's enter this jewerly shop. [Zev Love] Ahc'mon Mr. Piocalles man hook it up    14K, def bracelet, you can't beat it kid! [Piocalles] No I cannot do that.    This is not a pawn shop, this is Piocalles Jewelry!    Ahh, Mr. Hood, my favorite customer!    What can I do for you today? [Mr. Hood] I would like to see some gold rings. [Piocalles] Ahh yes we have these stupid phat gold rings,    perfect for your masculine hands. [Mr. Hood] Some earrings for my wife. [Piocalles] How about these elephant studded diamond earrings,    perfect for the woman of your dreams. [Mr. Hood] And a watch, for my cousin. [Piocalles] Ahh yes we have a Rolex for just under three-thousand    seven-hundred and ninety-two. [Mr. Hood] That is a beautiful watch. [Zev Love] No actually it's two-thousand, three-hundred    and thirty-six green. [Mr. Hood] Many thanks for your help. [Zev Love] Yeah he's always trying to jerk people! [Mr. Hood] My name is Mr. Hood. What is your name? [Zev Love] Hmm... yeah I'm Zev Love X from K.M.D. [Mr. Hood] I am pleased to meet you. [Zev Love] Oh yeah likewise uhh, how ya doin anyway? [Mr. Hood] Perfectly well, thank you. And you? [Zev Love] Ohh... I'm just chillin, ya see uhh    but I got one problem. I come in here to pawn this    bracelet, see cause this rhymin for nickels business    ain't makin it. What I need is a job uhh...    where you work at? They hiring? [Mr. Hood] Follow this avenue (yeah) turn right at the corner (uh-huh)    go to the left when you reach the square. (yeah)    It is the house next to the theater. [Zev Love] Ohh. Huh. Yeah I know the line of work you're in, yeah. [Mr. Hood] Would you care for a spoon? They are not too expensive. [Zev Love] No go, I don't deal with that stuff.    As a matter of fact... This reminds me of the days of dwelling with those who killed off the weak for fancy clothes and hoes too Not opposed to the picket fence dream Where both lines are same side of the gate It seems that it's all coming back to me now Yeah ummmmm ahhhhhh I figured it was about two summers ago No joking, no I lie to win Cause it was a crackpot, yeah Crackpot Jenkins I first met Crackpot in like Head Starts And then I knew he wasn't too head smart cuz I scribbled in art He insisted on standing in the sandbox to collect unknown amounts of pebbles and stones to throw rocks Dissin the wrist he flicked was suddenly an early physics lesson Two atoms can't occupy the same space at the same time, acknowledged by the playground's boot to wesson Who felt pops rock then cracked pops face Considering his aim, I warned he could hurt others with his game Ms. Kristmahn warned the same Although, he didn't care the heat cuz in a decade and one year He continued to throw rocks for a career Pain and more pain as he pelt rocks felt by Every brother and brown will soon be dealt One more rock thrown, ahh shoot Under the van was a boy in a blue suit Still a lot of rock throwin goin on up the block But a pocket full of pebbles what locked up Crackpot Should've used his wrists for the cut like Subroc Maybe then he'd have avoided the cacophony jackpot Yeah, the phony jackpot [Zev Love] Yo man, we got much better things to do with your time [Mr. Hood] Show me something better [Zev Love] What, something better? We built this place man.    We're the Gods of the Universe, Kings and Queens    of the planet. (If you or I could see this individual, we might call him an  impractical dreamer, or a crackpot.) [Zev Love] No, I'm not crackpot. (Would you have seen the scientific, intellectual, creative  genius, in a small ragged negro boy?) [Zev Love] Uh-oh, uh-oh, ohh no. You're gonna set it off! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KMD Album: Mr. Hood Song: Who Me? (With an Answer from Dr. Bert) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch. "Once upon a time there was a little boy  who lived in the deep, dark jungles of Africa His name was Little Sambo" [ Zev Love X ] ( *mumbling* ) [ Subroc ] Uh-oh, ZL's X-ercising his right to be hostile... [ Zev Love X ] They always - they always try to say that coon is me for some reason [ Subroc ] I don't understand, man [ Zev Love X ] You don't understand?! [ Subroc ] No, I don't know [ Zev Love X ] My temper tempers up to like tenward Switched up with thoughts that I recommend My nest is flood but thicker is blood Plus still some stay stud like sticks in the mud Ibuprofen from ( ? ) keep me from flippin' daily Yet I constantly slip into thinkin' kinda loony In my logo you see us? Whoever said that coon was me? OH NO! [ Chorus 4X ] Who me? Oh... OH NO! [ Zev Love X ] Holy smokes! I see it's a joke To make a mockery of the original folks Okay, joke's over, but still it cloaks over us  With no luck from no clover This, irritates X, so goes into my text Tolerates one N-word complex Subroc, etched the fuzz of what once was In eighty-deca the joke's on Cuz Those on top of my head stand seven thick Hairs that even if I wanted to I couldn't pick Pigment, is this a defect in birth? Or more an example of the richness on Earth? Lips and eyes dominant traits of our race Does not take up 95 percent of one's face But still I see In the back two or three Ignorant punks pointing at me OH NO! [ Chorus 4X ] Who me? Oh... OH NO! [ Onyx ] Who me?  Yo, I begs your pardon But have you ever seen this brother walkin' around here anywhere? That must be missing person Have you ever saw his face on a milk carton? [ Zev Love X ] Tricky tricky, must be part of the "Gas Face" series The same one who started black cat bad luck theories Yeah, he done it, this place, he runs it And I'm guilty, Alcatraz till four hundred Judge ye not the unjudged is where he slipped The real guilty is filthy, he chipped Egypt Blew the nose right of the Sphynx, now when he inks Ugly as when our hair kinks, we thinks Then zap goes the nap, now I gots good hair If that's good hair then bad's a hood's hair Comb-twisted dome, braided or faded The first man played it and now we hate it? Robbed of our culture, true indeed I bear witness And recommend this mental fitness So get this loaded toolie and point it at a ghoul, G Then ask him: "Who you callin' moolie?" OH NO! Who me? Oh... OH NO! Who me? Oh... OH NO! Who me? Oh... OH NO! Who... [ Zev Love X ] Ah man, damn, man.  Yo, they wanna call me a monkey, a coon, a jiggaboo a boogieman... Yo Bert Yo...  Bert [ Bert ] Um, what is it? [ Zev Love X ] Yo G, they wanna call me all these names [ Bert ] Aha I know what we can do [ Zev Love X ] What can we do? [ Bert ] We'll ask someone out there to find... (Little Sambo) [ Zev Love X ] What you be meanin', G? [ Bert ] Okay, pick up a crayon... (Who me?) No, them [ Zev Love X ] Us? [ Bert ] Yes Kids pick up a crayon, look for... (Little Sambo) When you find him, draw a circle around him [ Zev Love X ] Yo Bert, you gets props, G [ Bert ] ( *laughs* ) [ Zev Love X ] Yo, have dap, man [ KMD ] Peace [ Zev Love X ] Yo, you got to rock that Hum shit for me later, too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Boogie Man! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Onyx] Wham, BAM, bound to slam Comes the birthstone kid with his own jam So what'cha tellin me, you thought I couldn't rip it solo? But yo, for your info, if every wind blow, I rip a show The crowd says ho, gotta go gotta go The birthstone kid {?} get biz {?} flow bro So check the style, God don't even front on me I gots the skills, your boy he gots none on me I gets my props so yo Hops I don't share it And if a beeper doesn't work indeed then why wear it? Not about frontin, I never have, I never will be If you swing, swing hard, God you better kill me I'm blowin up like a SCUD missile hittin land So take a stand, and wave your hand, cause I'm your Boogie Man! [Onyx] You ain't tryin to hear the what maaan, I beg your pardon This ain't the place to bass you'll find your face up on a milk carton Check it the message while I rip it somethin love love to shreds, I turn jheri curls to knotty dreads Here's the style that I say I sorta brought along Straight from the Island called Long, but we call it Strong God Body, by God {?} George I think I've got it Funky as the Doo Doo Man, outside MC's were nodding Don't even bite my style, relax, be different Pick up your pen but forget bombing, that option's senseless I'm despicable but not lickable YOU CAN'T LICK THIS Try it Hops, you'll catch mops with the quickness I got a sickness, called one-two-and-mic-check and rippin wreck and gettin notice and all that My style is that fat, I want you to know it and stay tuned you coon as I wreck it for the Boogie Man [Onyx] Now check it, don't miss this, lick them while I diss this sarcastic bastard, of which I've been mastered You know the man, mankind let me say Kind of like man the woman can't tolerate, he's low rate Anyway, he called you and I the Boogie Man (what?) Webster's Dictionary, black man, look it up But that's an emphatical (Now Cipher) Okay now that's that (yo Onyx why don't you get hyper?) Hyper shall I get just to make your wish granted see I rocks my tippity tippity {?} upon the planet G I'm is a God-, -zilla, because I fill a sucker with fear, who gets a kick off drinkin Miller Beer I keep struttin, cause scrubs are sayin nuttin The record Sub is cuttin, the Boogie Man is movin his butt and so it stay grit, no need to be offended You can have your soul back because the Boogie Man is ended Yeah, there it is, khamsayin? Devon he was tryin to call me the Boogie Man Cause I can move like this, and like that (And you can bop like this, and check it like that) But yo God, I'll be the Boogie Man Long as it's Boogie referrin to gettin down, knahmsayin? (Word, got the soul) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (that's right, that's right) Yeah, yeah, yeah The Boogie the Boogie the Boogie Boogie Man (Yeah, that's right) The Boogie Boogie Man Yeah, yeah (do that stuff) yeah, yeah (do this God) Yeah, yeah (do this God) yeah, yeah (bop like this, bop like that) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah And you don't stop (and you don't stop) And you don't stop now (and you don't quit now) Yeah, yeah, yeah (yo check it out yo) Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh (check it out yo) Uhh, uhh, uhh (that's how we do it, yeah) [more ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Subroc's Mission Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Subroc-Talking] Man, (I need a shave and a haircut) Not now Come back like in a hour and a half or something, know what I'm saying? .. (I hope to see you sooner than you think) [Subroc] Well I guess I'm up and at 'em and I'm ask a say I'm goin and strollin this typical day So I can go Mother may I? No I may stay Okay, straight to the back and I'm out Anyway they step to war bounds More than can each and all my posse makes crazy pounds Live from Diego to Shabone and that new kid Dave He had a willy doe, my afro he did save This kid waited crazy long for a cut and shouted "I do crave" (A haircut and a shave) Yeah mischief ran through my head, guess what? My clipper's are broke, I guess I treat 'em like a nut He choose to do a capoof my through the scald Oops! My bad chief ya half bald In a mirror he looked, side to side his head shiftin Stop wishin, til he knew...(it's the mission) Now this mistake I bettered from, yeah trust me now Come come and take a pick... from the barber Mr Roc It was the least and last strength, mmmmm Then again sneaky might I get Only thin patience in your heart is set If patient, then me a cut patient G And I'll seek to get it done in a jiffy You know it's Serch ass cut the 3-R-D-B I set sounds quick then you draw til I can sees it Draw X, Sub, the barber is you My sight's sketch when I off hand, you can do By this compliment I became conceded I said I cannot be topped, another cut completed I said with no heso and stopped Just to be blocked by the words he did amount to say.. This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day [Subroc] Again and again I go to guess where or when Is this mad mission's gonna end? And so a new trend will begin and bent ya soul to the bone KMD rocks styles of they own I beg ya pardon? me and five friend and we race Culture person, people think I may be place went out to here but he Sub's in town Come in my face we go rounds I study I Self And Master (Yo God you left out Law) help me out I'm hazy Oh ZLX gimme a pause (Zev Love X: What are you doin on the mixin board, are you crazy!?!?) Crazy and tamper with the universe, yeah that's me I give little Mike the chance to stay on beat.. (I like to dance and tap my feet but they won't keep in rhythm) What is it? This is the mission of the day...in fact, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission [Subroc] (..Yeah)Take your choice but the voice you choose You be more than fat, cuz the noise is thick And that gets picked quick in twos Goin for self ya best to sip booze Who will lose to fall when they know what stood? How now they all seperate ill from good He said it loud and that they should cup The whole crowd was proud and then learned to book up Cook up, better look it up, take a peek where ya stand With a Nubians hand, ya strange in this land Oh yeah but fight I'll judge the fruit I don't care of it, not a bit, don't hand me that shoe I'll help to shape and mold my boys before dips is turned to stone And then I can escape to a world of my own This is the mission of today, in fact! (It's the mission) [Subroc-Talking] Who that? Come in (I will like to introduce my friend, Mr. Smith) Yo, what's up, man? (Well, look I want a haircut) Come on now, I told you I ain't ? (Listen, short I'd tell you what I'll do If you give me a haircut I will promise you not to pay you) Not to pay me? (Listen, shorty this is silly! Shorty you ain't no helping me at all, you know that?) I ain't trying to be no help (No, no, none of that stuff is helping me out,so. Gimme a haircut as long as I ?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Humrush Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [dialogue excerpts from Bert and Ernie of "Sesame Street"] [E]	Bert, is that you? [B]	Ahh, an empty place -- oh I love it! 	A perfect place to practice the exciting art 	of - humming! [E]	Bert? [B]	Heheheheh Chorus: * humming in background * [Zev]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Onyx]	Hum along, if you can't sing along you hum along [Roc]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Zev]	Yeah, hum along with Zev Love X [Zev Love X] * humming in background * Hmm, hmm! Very interesting this thing Coming and drumming there's hummingbirds with wings and feathers of the same, so we flock much plus rock, so on and so such, I clutch this mic, to touch like an entire stadium With my boys to aid me so we'll play, if you pay me some Beats sound fickle rented Jeep sounds sickenin to those with no soul, as I roll with my ? ( * humming ends * ) Bugle boy, bugle boy, toot your own horn Frugal won't endure, as the talents was born Minus, the Jim-jinkle-jankle-Hammerschitt His name, ain't my name, cause X ain't permittin shit I's no hypocrite, so yo, zip your lip Z.L. be rippin, out we'll rip No no no, shake your hip, or your rump Forget about what I'm sayin, pump your fist to the drum and ( * Bert laughs * ) Chorus: * humming in background * [Onyx]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Roc]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Zev]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Onyx]	Hum with the Birthstone Kid [Onyx] * humming in background * You could have sworn I was a WHAT? A Penn Station pennybegger I gots more songs than your neighborhood bootlegger Swingin hard like a forty-deuce on a hooker Cuter than Booker, a real good looker ( * Bert laughs * ) Yeah, a brown man is gettin down and to this funky sound and you'll check it out, so plops the sound man I'm just the R&B's beats kickers kickin lingo til comes, my payday, if rap was soccer I'd be Pele ( * humming ends * ) Scorin hard I eat no porkchops or lard So trust in me becaue you, trust in God The Lord, bet I proves, just began for this man Cause the bills stay paid from this mic within my hand I'm not your average everyday cotton-pickin or bailin hay hoe trickin brother who likes to eat chicken Anyway, just hum along, as the drummer drums along This I bring along, not to sing along, but just to ( * Bert laughs * ) Chorus: * humming in background * [Roc]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Zev]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Onyx]	Ya hum along, if you can't sing along ya hum along [Roc]	Hum with the one Subroc [Subroc] * humming in background * Hurry hurry hurry step right up and I'll sing it So bring it back and forth, just to swing it Hmm, a voom to a hum can get smooth So I choose to rock slow to amuse ( * Bert laughs * ) to the apex, I strides from L.I. Strong to the car new age, to rip raw Need no rehease, I bust fat styles galore Self Universal Born Ruler Cypher Cee no more, hear no more ( * humming ends * ) Can no more, huh, I fear less or I guess I toss or throw it up and when it drop I'm forced to blow it up Give a little, take a little, grunt, or fake a little pause you wanna counterfeit the Kause ain't havin it ( * Bert laughs * ) ( * humming again * ) All your hopes cease, so listen closely HUSH I wrote boastin note, you can't stop the humrush 	Bow, blowin up! One nine eight, X plus 	And this is how we kicks it, for eighty decker 	This is for the Gods, the Gods, you don't stop, heh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Figure Of Speech Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Zev Love X-Talking] Yeah, yeah, yeah, Imma set it off, Imma set it off soft And smooth, and smooth, yo, yo, listen to this groove. ? and it's about to move me, yeah, yo ? [Zev Love X] I start it off with an answer, love smokes no cancer stick But on a dancers dick, there's a romancer of a rhyme text Time check timex, timeout, I'm X, for silence it's signex ? one what one did lesser one hundred Since duckets is under it, the cause stays funded Time says disperse the necessary to trigger release More verses and speeches from X this figure of speech (You are nuthin but a) figure of speech [Zev Love X] Yeah.. Verse two is picked up freeze stay frozen Reaches a stick up, while exhale blows in Peoples get sick up said as vapor goes in Suggested is hiccough, while I hold a rows in my fronts Once in go, see Sub for info Fee is the lingo, sixteen gets in though Dance til toenails ingrown Skeezin props, I send note for jimbo is bricko Every wind blown Sounds are boomin, emcees shouts doom is In the house after one, two'in ZL needs a nuprin Driftin like driftwood I ask if could Stay away from stiff hood So does R.I.F. Productions write up songs quite clever But light up a torch pipe R.I.F. will never I'm no snuff head I prefer headsets Decided nuff said for head sweats X, this figure of speech (You are nuthin but a) figure of speech (You are) figure of speech (You are X) (You are nuthin) [Zev Love X] Remain in a frenzy Stay craze as I pause in ya Benzy Then reach in haste to taste A sip of this throttle in a bottle Then shake ya hip but don't slip into follow The motto goes: sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll I prefer: love, hugs and hip hop soul And that's final, down to the sto' Cause is on vinyl So be sure to dub these sounds of a b-boy But X ain't no also ain't no decoy For KMD paints no Pigeoned as I talk drink free from a ? Image of a walking stick from a Mack Dad Wouldn't you rather dwell among those liable To rock well with tongues and stay tribal? Well in 80 dekka I'm extra hard to reach But I'll be expectin ya, says X, this figure of speech (You are nuthin but a) figure of speech [Zev Love X] Have a crooked letter humpback each Let the panter peach style screech Then skid through the sounds of earth tones We've grown (The Barber Subroc and The Birthstone Kid Onyx) Place of rest is Dooms (re-womb) we loopty toon And add a sonic kick Boom A dash of this then up next, last but not least Is Zev Love X, this figure of speech..haha [Zev Love X] (..You are) figure of speech (You are nuthin but a) figure of speech. (You are X..) (You are nuthin but a X...) (...You are X) (..You are nuthin but a X) (...You are X) (..You are nuthin but a X) (..You are nuthin) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Bananapeel Blues Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Zev Love X speaking, with others responding] Mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm Yeah this here's blues joint A lot of brothers don't like this joint Cause it might not be funk or funky (teach anyway, teach) It's more tribal And speaking to my only two real tribes out there now With the help of the Kause, yo Kause y'all with me? (yeah yeah) Hmm? Aight, so we feel to build open, the bananapeel blues Check it The original man is the black man true? (true true true) Presented to the youth, is more than nuff proof But when one mixes truth with a goof Caused this contradiction and confusion so I raise the roof (raise it) Tongue to truth, it may sound like a good hand to feed from But follow this lead, we need to find what's true indeed Some get caught up in the thought of intellect And say he helped us, when it's his lumpless but that got us in this mess What a monkey (teach, gwan teach) I said a lot of brothers might not get this cause it ain't funky Sure enough we ain't gonna be played by no monkey See because the monkey fits the shoes In these bananapeel blues (ain't that somethin, ain't that somethin) Y'all with me? (yeah yeah) Twas once said to remember that the soul is see-through How true we'll soon see as I check to what's written (check the script and read) Let's see uhh Genesis chapter two verse seven "Man became a living soul" so where's my man getting this actual force, probably that same old can or barrel of monkeys who call me and you a soul man And call my food a soul food Yeah I'm sposed to have soul, yet I'm uncivil and cruel And I come from apes, yet this monkey rapes And I'm a babboon, then soon to be coon And when I know this, I'm labelled a lunatic Racist rebel crazy Muslim Now face this monkey Truth is truth is what pays me And can a Muslim be fooled (not nowadays bro!) And can a quote unquote monkey be reformed (now cipher!) Yeah, and while me and you is warmed by the sun Most of all life or in existence, uhh I take this instance to ask If the monkey man was so pure why can't he endure (uh-huh) The sun which is the natural source for all living (uh-huh) Without giving up his life to cancer And three-fifths or less is the dancer Wrong answer Yeah wrong answer says the Kause And while his still skin rumples and wrinkles Zee L exposes a monkey's uncle (what's up with a monkey's uncle) (speak the truth) (it's smooth, it's smooth, I like this beat) (To the Gods out there, peace to the Gods) "(but tell me) how much more evidence do the citizens need?" -- 16X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Brand Nubian Album: Mr. Hood Song: Nitty Gritty Typed by: dyslexis@aol.com Ay-yo, peace god, Shaquan Allah! Yo peace, this J-Quest the Boogie Man Yo, peace, god, D-Black Peace to the gods! Tony D. from the Now Rule mob Ay-yo, ain't them the gods K.M.D. in matter of fact? Yeah, K.M.D. - yo, ain't them the brothers Brand Nubians? Yo, I heard they go by the name of the God Squad, what's up with that? The Five Percent and the Ansaar together? That is something totally new indeed, god, true indeed god [Zev Love X] Check it out! Born again, my soul then, blends K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends X tends to grip palm in cousin calm In this knowledge of self, so commence to bombin' As alarmin' as a beep from your beeper What you needed was a wake-up call to the Sun, you sleeper You don't wanna get wolfed by the wolf, does ya? [Naaah] Good guessin' - switch the pitch up Another session from the infamous God Squad See, we's all peas in the same pod, god On and upright, getting downright knit With rod held up tight, 'cause I'm sick wit' Nitwit Witnesses knockin' at my door Preaching the Lord to change your life around I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, relax The nit-wits guzzle 85 proof that's Max! [Grand Puba Maxwell] God Cipher Divine, as I build on an incline Quick to help another, 'cause I know I'ma get mine Build-Powers think they hard, but they killin' they own kind Emphatically no, divine evil got him in his mind Now you caught a case you're in the mountains, you're a lifer With no skins from your girl, that's a He-Cipher-Monkey-Cipher Or you can use the next plan Vaseline, a magazine or your lovin' hand I know you know who got you livin' like this, Black man So honey, honey, honey, with the real big titties... "Let's get right down to the real nitty gritty now!" Put some clothes on that behind And maybe brothers wouldn't think skins all the time You wanna look lustful, but don't want them to lust Which is crazier than a bag of dust So weavy weavy weavy is quick to deceive me So I had to tell Weavy weavy, leave me [Onyx the Birthstone Kid] Yeah, I hear you Haji, but yo, I got something for those that are frontin' out there, god Now ain't that the pits - another brother's blown to bits But when the news hits, everybody catch fits He gets mad, but still at home we sits Piggin' out on the big pig, spoon to the grits Talkin' 85 jive, brothers they wanna get live But some funk while I strive See I strive, I gotta keep gods steppin' in harmony The devils try bombin' me, the devils try Tommin' me up But Now Cipher Way, I gots knowledge of self I been had it, but it's a bad habit to health See I build with the Nubians I chill with I fill with - my Zig-Zag-Zig I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat The devil man in this land, he won't allow that So brother man, I don't wanna bust you But if you don't know the devil, then how can I trust you? Know'm sayin'? [Lord Jamar] Ay-yo, true indeed Onyx, they don't know the time on the dial It's like this... Life's hardships Stones are placed and one must face trips Falls and spills and kills and cause mishaps These are some of his traps But I got a jewel which needs no gift wrap So just receive, believe when shown the light The devil gets left, the Gods gotta get right To the source of our loss, stop wearing the cross Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss!" and When you do, from the other you won't beg Can't you see my brother, yo, the Arma-Legga-Leg Arm supreme Head And instead Of relyin', why don't you start tryin'? You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt 'Cause when you stop tryin' that Makes victory exempt from your cipher The life you lead is not hype The Black man was not born to be a gutter snipe Or an alley cat - you should be steppin' to the rally fat Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know So, get up and go Get yourself a book of life instead of living life like a hooker! Know'm sayin, that's the knowledge of self And do for self! Black man gotta move on... [Subroc] I see some so dense Man, from head to toe they're full of lead I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead So I talked, chilled, before I flipped! 'Cause in actuality my man's mentality was stripped Back to the roots I am, that I am a king Cream in the coffee? No thanks, plaything You simple teenage, you thought you got the knack to be Black State of mind ain't like mine I got soul that you lack Each one teach in every town, we like that The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that Coon, jigaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix Get a clue, or get the Book of Psalms, 82 and 6 "All gods, and children of the Most High" Cave-guys still fry in the Sun, and don't deny I got a third eyesight vibe that don't lie I AM that I AM good night, divine evil's the bullseye Bam! Right between the eyes! So y'all know who's the target right? [Sadat X] Yeah, I hear ya Subroc, and I see it like this: It's a modern type of style, look at what I did A devil still can't build a pyramid I dug a - tunnel to Asia Wrote a speech with a laser Rush your brain with a [???] strain A god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn Smacked a man 'cause he tried to serve a plate of ham Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's knotty dread [? He got a dude that's Fred, used to be a foot Fed The city {???] suspension?], and I forgot to mention That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough Zig-zag-zig, watch the Black man get big and burst The Black man is first I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels Bust it! [everyone] Yeah! You know what I'm sayin'?  It's time to build, it's time to build... We gotta raise up the dead... Word is bond, we gotta reach them - let 'em see the light You know what I'm saying? True indeed... 'Cause each one must teach one, that's how we reach one God Squad - getting down to the Nitty Gritty... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Trial 'N Error Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Now just listen to what I say" "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.."  "Awww, I made a mistake" "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "You shouldn't be upset!"*} [Zev Love X] Well Love tries, to come across swift, not stuck up Rise, to minimize the fuck-up, smooth Rollin in a jazzy light groove, gots nothin to prove though Just to show how I flow Like water through yo' kitchen faucet Notice the fine line - try crossin it! Don't even pause it, I roar like a lion You duck, you quackin - so who you tryin? The main, communicator, Z.L.X-act Subroc's kickback will crack who can't hack Range is point blank but my page ain't You see I speak bold print like black spraypaint Into the, extra strength new print cause I'm stressed Zev Love test, God damn, God bless So let it go, cause it'll just be another Love TKO So don't try me [Chorus] - second 1/2 [Zev Love X] Yeah I'mmm - servin this one no preservatives Into sections described from a plank, I'm a splinter Chip off the new block, Zev Love X-Pel it And how I tell it will remain a relic True, black and hard, but I'm no Blackstone There's no presto in my manifesto So, take the L, cause you can't take the Z.L. Neither the X, so I don't suggest trial While, comin off is like a habit, so pardon I'm too quick to smoke dancer sticks by the carton I ain't startin a habit if Subroc is not venomous He's more antidote, cheerin when you're hearin him So listen up, LISTEN CLOSELY, who's supposed to be comin off if we're not? What I mostly see is scrubs boastin free But the low key X marks the spot So don't try me [Chorus - Alternate] "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." To the bridge, to the bridge, to the bridge, to the bridge (Okay!) {*musical breakdown followed by scratch: "Go right ahead!"*} [Zev Love X] One for the disarranged, two for the duration of time Ticks and ticks on as I speak +Three+ for +the Hard Way+, for real earns pay No need for a 9 to 5, week by week Zev Love is for the birds, I save the ducks But birds if you will stay perched on my jock Through rough productions we make bucks And still kill two birds with one Subroc You wish to go rounds on this dancer stick mister? This we can do Mr. Magoo, list your bets Here's eight cards and your odds A stitch in time, will save nine yards But if one is ripped, how can one expect to sew shit up in 80-decca? I think you need a new sewin needle my friend So try, try again, but don't try me [Chorus] - second 1/2 [Zev Love X] Before I kicks it, would anyone care for a cigarette? ... Speechless, I figured it I understand, followin the leader is a cinch And suckers out, cause every inch I move and flinch Nerve pinch strain on my brain from migraine pain Damn it's my turn to explain The rules of the game, why me? Well if at once you don't succeed, don't try me!  "I wanna try" "Good for you!" "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"I made a mistake"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"Everyone makes mistakes!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"I'm gonna try it"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"I'm gonna try.."*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {repeat 4X} I'm out.. we're like AUDI The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KMD Album: Mr. Hood Song: Hard Wit No Hoe Typed by: minty@cowcud.demon.co.uk Intro ----- [I wish I could go along with you, but I do have a problem. I've got my (Soul!), but I can't find my (Damn Hoe!)] Verse 1 ------- Poor X, not only do I headsweat from headsets Full-time Era come at X from knockin' Z's correct Next step's to count sheep But too many sheep ain't jumpin' hurdles, they sleep Yeah, they sleep, I think I'll check a shorter story Title: Bo's Hoe, sound's boring, perfect for these sleepless nights, though I feel quite over-aged Yeah, I know...turn the page Verse 2 ------- [Ha-ha huh...let's begin!] Book-marks the first page And reads once upon an age in a far far land lived three farmers, Tom, Sam and Bo of course From behind Tom's black fence Tom peeps across just to witness Sam's crop business boomin' like the big guy's, but get this Sam sold to uncles and cousins, poor Tom crams He sold his to get a fence like Sam (yeah) Page 2: Sam view's the sight - What goes at Bo's over his picket white Slowly he peeks only to see Bo plantin' sweet potatoes with his brand new hoe Bo sees Sam but's not frettin', more sweatin' Thinkin' about steppin' to the crib, forgettin' 'bout his brand new hoe, Old Mickey D would say Sam's tricky The plot thickens, onto page 3... Verse 3 ------- Top of the mornin', sun's up, skies are blue Once nothin...then cock-a-doodle-doo All three knew this tool more than well Sure beats alarm bells, they induce head swells Well, clock says Sam's off to tend to his crop Time says Farmer Tom's off to mop Bo's up and at 'em, then twitches one eye for something here is not quite cipher "E-I-E-I-O!" screamed Bo "Left on my lawn, now it's gone, where's my hoe? O woe is me, how will I ever plant seeds Lay the fertilizer, dig up the weeds? Plus make true my foremost desire To get a picket fence and trash the chicken wire?" By, uh, 100% life gets hard When one hoe goes from one's garden Verse 4 ------- Page 4: Little Bo weeped Cleared tears from eyes then Little Bo peeped through a hole in Sam's six foot fence where Sam was seen plantin' tall and short pea plants Hence the moral of the fable: Always keep a boring book on your night table A Tom is not able But when you grow up to be a farmer keep an eye on your yard Cuz with no hoe it's hard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: 808 Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*beatboxing in the background*} Boring... same ol' Sunday type shit Man, kinda boring Hey you, kid! (Who me?) Yeah you Ahh what are you listenin to in that there Walkman huh? (The new "Gas Face" rewrote'd by K.M.D.  It's kind of funky with a lot of bass) Yeah but I bet you wonder where they got the bass from huh? (I don't really care) Don't care? Well let me you this story Go on now, let him tell you this story [Zev Love X] Friday, I believe it was a payday Onyx, Subroc and myself goes out of subway To catch the X train, the drums roll Brooklyn Plan was a night of intense hookin We enter the club, where we hooked 'til we drop When stopped, to exit, I spoke of this prop Talked about her bouncing guns The word buns was on the tip of my fun swing {"All at once!"} Approached this big fat seven foot.. {"I'll teach you to talk to my girl!"} Said the hood Sub and I geesed, Onyx sped up the block And it was fast, I looked back and Fats was headlockin him I was clockin, about two blocks per minute And then I thought, that voice there's somethin definitely familiar in it Not long did I cram From the lows, I knows it was the 808 Man "Thump... thump... THUMP!  They heard the.." {Eight-oh-eight} {MAN!} [Zev Love X] Clockin crazy mileage like a 60-deck of math Ducked into an alley like on Kickdrum Ave. Stopped and told Sub, but Sub was stumped I said do you recall the bass that thumped in the Jeeps of the streets, as the pedestrian bops? Heard with vocals where any hip-hop beat drops Y'know the bass fool! {"And everything happened as it did before"} But Sub wasn't passin it To escape harassment, I booked like a crook Out of sight, all my mics was took Conscience eatin me, my boy's hooked in Hook off the 808 Man, so I peeps to look No immediate danger did I see myself in Watchin 'round the block thinkin "Ehh, who's missin him?" Onyx was headlocked and Subroc was half nelson'd Think I was wrappin up? Man, listen (Man you guys must have been really scared!) Was I? You think I wasn't?! Man I was petri-scared stiff! (What were you thinkin about?) [Zev Love X] I was thinkin about my cousin Enus, if he asked me once He asked me a dozen times to go bowlin with him But still I wasn't runnin from the Bass, Man as he walked up Then from the back of my thoughts I forked up The teachings of Mr. Hood And I began to recall when suddenly it dawned on me Lesson one - if a sucker tries to come, let him come By then the hood was up on me Lesson two was to recite the words you can't do me none Even though you might be bluffin, it's nothin Follow procedure and sure 'nough, no doubt Left that seven foot fat hood whupped out Lesson three said a keeper of a hood is his brotherhood As we helped him up he said "Damn! You sure pack a punch, I had a hunch you was a hood Well if you ever need bass, hook up with the 808 Man" Say word Man tried to get me to throw hands, I had to go HU HUH! Yeah check it out yo, yo that's a tight headlock true indeed Yeah, the half nelson got me in a neck brace Yeah, but kid you know where they got the bass from now? (Yeah yeah, sure do!) Yeah yeah word But I'll tell you what I'll give you this exclusive K.M.D. album tape, unreleased! (Sweet, thanks!) (I'll let my boy Lil' Rock hear it, I'll let Bill hear it) (And my mom and dad will hear it) Yo yo, don't let nobody dub it, don't let nobody dub it Don't let somebody dub it, you'll get funked Now scram, or 808 Man'll do ya Now get up out of here, you thumpty-hump dump head (What?) Yeah yeah, just scram, scram Get out of here (808) {Man} ... (808) {Man} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Boy Who Cried Wolf Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Zev Love X] (...Yeah) I started off with a question Can you perceive Right before yours ears move trickin My voice box make the choice to believe Yeah I see youre rootin For the words that I'm tootin Im just a pusher of this thing called money But whatcha smokin whats that ya gettin in Stop to buildin and growin To jump the hurdle that the wolf said suck Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep [Zev Love X] I greet you peace but why call me money guy Do I resemble he who never told a white one Or him who freed us so where stands I Raise another question which ones the right one Some wish to live the single sing'em They know the half I know them from sixty If we all live the single how can we all sing Im creative but you cant remix me Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep [Singing] They are nasty they will bite And if cornered they will fight Never ever go near..a wolf? [Zev Love X] Concerning the N-word why's when I say it it gets no play Officially it means stupiD or ignorance Stay stupid or ignorant in place anyway Any how whats reinfored I cant out figure it I figure blue and donna grasp a stick shot is simple Now heres the plan strictly between you and me Through communication comes the unination And no wolf can down a brick house unity So feel free to dance but this is not all I heel the think Beware sheep of wolf in sheeps sun burn We bit his brand and we wear his clothing Then he mocks us in return Wolfman, whats up with this vibe you sendin me? What are you anywayway my friend or my foe? The way this is going you might just be the end of me And I still dwell here even though (He's a wolf!) And you a sheep Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep [Zev Love X] K-n-o-w War would trouble ya to Hell However take you express no shovel This is the land of the frightened The place of the slave and occassional unheard muffle Its up to you to decide by the fruit that his tree provides If not I'll embark by myself on the archany Marches the boy who cried (He's a wolf!) And you a sheep Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep [Singing] Now listen past your ear Just remember this my dear Never ever go near.. a wolf? Hes a wolf! And you a sheep Hes a wolf! And you a sheep Hes a wolf! And you a sheep Hes a wolf! And you a sheep And you a sheep And you a sheep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Peachfuzz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * girls giggling * [Onyx] Oh Pete Nice? I'm smoother than him, man I mean he wears suits and all, you know no disrespect.. *incomprehensible* [Girls] Yeah right, just a thought (* giggling *) [Zev Love X] Heavy D yo, the girls they love me (* girls crack up *) They love me, I just know it! [Onyx] Yea Positive K? He's dip dip divin ?? [Girls] Yeah right [Zev Love X] Yeah LL, yo he might keep the girls +Jinglin+  but yo.. I'm the man (* girls crack up *) I'm the man, as a matter of fact Yo, see they laughin at me man [Girls] I'm the man! [Zev Love X] Yo, that ain't right Yo, well anyway By the hairs of my chinny chin chin, gots many plus plenty String by string, I think I counts like twenty If you loan me a ear, I'll return it with interest If not, I'll simply twist the wrist So listen up closely, with thoughts to recoup me Cause I hope to gross like ten cent per groupie Now only if I had two G's per strand Ask my anchor banker, he understands I used to wrap my hand around a cold gold can Someone once said health is wealth, so check self I gots a perfect check-up, 'cept for a hiccup, roll with no stick-up How can I keep the goya nectars on my shelf? Oh boya how I searched for an employer But before Zeale Huckleberry film was in Tom Sawyer Now use your imagination, just a smidgen If I was a bird I'd be a pigeon Succumb one to crumbs and pizza crust, when every fella can eat fresh fish and live fat like pelican Then again, that's only if your capable for freckles or blue eyes -- I settle for Heckle'n'Jeckle while I chuckle at my man with the cellular phone The only phone I own's a funky xylophone's tone Ain't no joint in, annoyin high-pitched ringin We do the tap twist and twitch bringin through soul and this cordless thingamajig Sure as Onyx's clippers etch a clue to your wig We'll do the gig so make your mind ?? The pipe, the bowl or us fiddlers, don't riddle us I'll even ride a bus to the coast if clear For okay pay, I'll say ?? Now all this runnin round's kickin me right in the rear And still I'm judged by the hairs on my chinny chin chin And I'm able to hit a skin (* girls giggling *) just like my man Puba Maxwell, so I'm smooth [Onyx] Yeah, candy get the job done but yo, I take care of business [Zev Love X] {Peachfuzz} Now what's up with this peachfuzz nonsense? {Peachfuzz} What are y'all talkin about this peachfuzz? {Peachfuzz} Nah, I just got one thing to say {Peachfuzz} Ahh man.. [Onyx] By the hairs of my chinny chin chin, six black hairs String by string, I think I counts five pairs That's a little, but still, can I get a thumbs up? At least for the peachfuzz that sums up a tidbit, yeah that's it, but who gives a sugar honey iced tea besides me For if, I ever riff, yet and still, ? windmills So I take time just to kill I say cute is for a bear, teddy bear like Teddy Ruxpin Would I be handsome if I pimped in a tux then smoked a cigar with some black chinese shoes then picked up some friends in my Benz and start cruisin Huh, that's a dream that I ain't even livin If that makes a man, surely I'll recommend I'll stay a toy boy eatin Butterfingers With Knowledge of Self, and colorin books on my shelf I wanna grow up, cause maybe if I did then I wouldn't be treated like a Toys'R'Us kid when they counts ten upon my chin By the hairs of my peachfuzz, let's say each was an inch, psych because I can't pull or pinch It's a wrench, and I thought life would be a cinch But anyway, anyhow, let's talk about someway somehow that I can make my peachfuzz grow out Really, do I need beard that grows with no pores just to be respected and resemble Santa Claus? Hear this clear, I'm a MAN I tell ya No dreams or drugs like the slugs will I ever sell ya A man I am, in the body of a youth So don't play me like I'm Born Universe Truth Truth So when I knock at your hearts, let me in And judge me not by the hairs of my chinny chin chin [Onyx] Yeah, that's what we call, pimpin presence yo Call me tonight, knowhatI'msayin?  [Girls] (* girls laughing *) You got it [Zev Love X] Yeah, you know I eat no pork So why can't I be as smooth as my man Dr. York? (* girls crack up *) I see none! [Onyx] Yo.. I'm smoother than the bottom of Hammer's shoes after three hundred spins [Zev Love X] No love here No hair on my chest, but my boy Ak West, I'm just smoother I'm just smoother [Girls] Yeah right [Onyx] I'm definitely smoother than y'all just saw [Girls] It's about time! [Zev Love X] I'm sayin, yo but, I don't want to hear {Peachfuzz} none of this peachfuzz nonsense {Peachfuzz} (Can't understand) Peachfuzz {Peachfuzz} You know {Peachfuzz} * girls giggling * [Girls] {Peachfuzz} He's a little boy {Peachfuzz} * giggling * {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} * laughing * {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} .. * fades * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Preacher Porkchop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	I want you to understand 	a few words of Knowledge, Wisdom, and Understanding 	from a soul, rappin man 	Has more weight in this life 	than, one-thousand men 	of science and technology, ever can! [Zev Love X as Preacher Porkchop] Whoo! Yo, thank YAH, Deacon DJ Du Dot Naww, I'd like to introduce, MAHself as, the Preacha Po'kchop (Amen! Amen!) And I'm gon' go on, because y'all know I got it GOIN ON! (Amen! Amen!) Yea, now today I'm gonna talk about MAH life (Talk about it! Talk about it!) MAH days, of growing up in the church of GAWD and Christ They tried, to put ree-strictions on MAH LIFE! (Talk about it!) They said that, a preacher could, ROCK THE MIC! (No no no!) WHAT?! Huh, but I said wrong (It was wrong, it was wrong) They also said THAHT, a Preacha could not PIMP STRUT! (No no no!) I can not PIMP STRUT! But I said WRONG! (Talk about it!) No one tells Preacha Po'kchop, what to do with his LAYFE! And no one, can tell the church, what to do with THEIR LAYFE! The church, controls the church (Yeah, yeah!) So if you want to switch up, say switch up! (SWITCH UP!) * beat changes * Yeahhh, now that's what I'm talkin! (Mr. Hood: Yes) Mellowness, yes! Anything is possible in MAH church! That's right it's MAH church! Yeah! Do you understand? (Mr. Hood: Yes, yes I understand) Somebody in the church UNDERSTANDS what I'm talkin about today! (Mr. Hood: Yes) Hah, well now I'm droppin science! Hah, I'm droppin, BAWMBS! Hah! Up in mah church todayahhh, hah! Somebody say yeasss, yesss lawwwd! Glory to Gawd, glory to Gawd! Preachas, you betta WATCH yo' church because Po'kchop, is on his way Yes, bringin the truth beyond doubt that I've been covered by Moses Yeah preachas, you know you're to the curb! Stealin money, from out the church pan to put gas, in yo' Cadillac But Po'kchop, I pimp struts! I pimp strut! Now, you know I know what's goin on My vision is NOT blaurrhy That's why, mah church does not have to worry Because I preach, to teach, and reach one each! Ha hah! (Amen!) Now, on that token, Deacon Du Dot, do dat! 	Sermon said, you'd lose 	Spiritual awakening, in the sins of mankind 	for the deaf, the dumb, and the blind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Soulflexin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Onyx] Now just to blow this up, like I intended Straight from the Kausin' Much Damage will I send it I recommend hittin just fittin just fine then throw it up Vocals for locals the whole nine I'm blowin up The birthstone kid, I got it goin on Every time I throw it on, allied strength is what I'm growin on I kick styles like maybe this one or that one Whichever which I bust, it's got to be a fat one Like Walter Hudson, my rhymes is thick son So when you pick one, man I'm gonna lick one God style, hard with no smile Cause I profile, for the ignorant child And when I bust off, homeboy {?} I just bust at Point blank range, y'all think I ain't livin strange? I got this soul thang caught up in a head swang I'm on the mic with the Gods, and I'm, soulflexin' [Subroc] Straight from the flock with skills Pizazz your whole cipher Subroc builds, as is As I jazz it up I grease your okey dokey then Yup, I do the hokey pokey let my soul bend up Grown to be sixty-five inch Short to swing, this hood sport is a cinch Indeed I rap, ghetto vocal snatch your soul in tact Now slap your head up, bob and catch stiff neck MC selector The addict to this funk thing And it sticks to you dramatic like static cling, for granted Laps for years, I avoid troubled traps Help me out the hole, to the brother I'll give double daps Cuttin that old haps, to the straightening comb Maybe, twine the knots, I'll have the nappy dome Sent to the home, crankin with electric bass drag Kick 'em big, but won't brag, I was hittin into a rag I don't slag, so won't you let it off (let it off) Can the MC selector set it off? (Set it off!) Suffer the {?} my style is some big licks Rockin it twenty-four/seven clock is broken tickless Broke up yup I'm on, the uppity uppity note I came my style to move, a party a part of your {?} With clout no doubt I gots to boom the boom From Onyx my man to Zev X my physical Yes I'm braggin like a wagon wheel I roll I have my cake and eat it too, and lick the bowl I'm soulflexin' [Zev Love X] Yo yo, can I get up on this? Get up on this? Yo I'ma get on this, confusion, pure I collect dust and rust colored coins Trust rock a mic and must grip the loins From a ton gun a big slug, as quickly as I'm sickly, if sucks some of pig Plug my mic in, discuss this tons of dust that's been busted for a rust-like tint, {?} Despicable, duck, more Scrooge than Rickle No wins sucks, no ice cream, pickle sickle Now check check check it out, I's no goody good I wreck you're never luckin out so get the Woody Woodpecker Check when plaid slacks was a trademark, I made marks Now back taxes always stay at max of stacks so I'm a bad guy and I'll snuff with a noogie (boo!) Some do slump punks but up jumps the Boogie Man I got a natural coppertone, tan and plus eight hundred coats of gold in my glands And one can on the wall, one can If that can would, happen to fall lend out a hand, to snag it Ill ain't nothin spilled and be drippin or leakin See on, the lip I'm speakin and be steady seekin, some soulflexin' The God Zev X is soulflexin' Yeah the MC selector was soulflexin' And the birthstone kid is soulflexin' And the Boogie Woogie men are soulflexin' And the S.O.S. are soulflexin' Yeah the God Desaad is soulflexin' My man {?} is soulflexin' Haji, and Sadat X be flexin' Alamo and Jamar be soulflexin' My man Diego D be soulflexin' The Gods from Long Beach be flexin' Yeah the Gods from Now Rule be flexin' Phife and Jarobi be flexin' Q-Tip and Ali be flexin' Posdonus and Dove be cold flexin' Maceo, Maceo be flexin' Superman Clark Kent be flexin' Richie Rich and 3rd Bass soulflexin' The cracker cracker Crackerjacks be flexin' And the L.O.N.S. be soulflexin' And the H2O be soulflexin' And {?} be soulflexin' Stanley Winslow be soulflexin' And the {?} be soulflexin' And my man Ghi Bee be soulflexin' And the engineer Ganz be soulflexin' And Dante is like the worst person Yoooooooo, OUT The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Gasface Refill (Bonus Track) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Subroc] Peace! This is the one Subroc Chillin here, with my partners And they're about to do, the Gas Face, rebuttal Yeah, quite subtle His name is Zev Love X He's gonna kick it next [Zev Love X] And I'ma kick it like this (uh-huh) A Gas Face, can either be a smile or a smirk When appears, a monkey wrench to quirk one's clockwork A jerk threw a wrench, I thought it missed Made me so pissed I felt a ball in my fist to drive to place a blister on that certain mister That's one more on my list of scrubs lined up to kiss the very X on my Swatch watch ticker Every second on the second, I kick a rhyme to wreck it every minute, catchin the bag, I'm fin' to skin it One of the more than one ways it pays to stay in it to win it Mike is riffin, think I'm gonna pay my bill still? On your grill you gets a Gasface Refill Ill, I hit and bend, what's up to style The owner of the hand, I never ran a mile in your shoes, sang blues with the so-called jewels you claim no lose if you choose to snooze You're just another Gasface Victim [Subroc] Yeah, who's next? My man Yo he's gonna kick it His name is Onyx [Onyx] And I'ma bust it like this Well if the face fits take it, eventually you have to make it If someone states that word is bond and then break it See my word is bond that I shall never dye my hair blonde Cause of my culture am I fond It's not the goal to give the Gas Face The goal is to uplift the whole soul race But if you step to this brother, thinkin punk is to peace it's a sad one (UH-UHHH, YOU CATCH A BAD ONE!) Check yourself, keep a gas mask handy Then shall you dig, you'll find it dandy to never leave home without it cause there's not a doubt about it that you'll end up short in this sport, so resort to a wise way of thinkin, never sleep, not even blinkin Never start sinkin in the old man's quicksand And if you fight, for others in the cause Then the gas face is truly yours [Interlude] Yeah, signed and sealed Onyx, the birthstone kid Yeah I like that, one more time I'll tell you what - one more time, like this [Zev Love X] Set up correct with the effect The second of two episode I recollect 'Twas not to dismiss a myth, with the stamp of approval And the super common blue eyes respect what the heck In the steps of the King Solomon who used a jin to clear his whole temple from within Does make my head spin, when one dares to question How one learns a lesson, you guess it turns [Onyx] A smile to a frown, from a smirk to a chuckle Knowledge of self, a gas mask with a buckle Here rides the clan, this land with gas chamber Here to threat and bring sweat to the stranger That old serpent had the gall Saying that he knew how I felt, yet and still, he's living tall Yeah that's a laugh but surely we'll trick him Flip the coin, make him a Gas Face victim! [Outro] Yeah, once again That's how we kicks it, for 80-deca Yeah, guess the B-Side wins it, y'knahmsayin? Yeah but who gets the Gas Face this time? No Gas Face for SD-50 No Gas Face for Plugs One, Two and Three No Gas Face for Michael and Peter No Gas Face for the Brand Nubains Preacher Porkchop {*"Another Gas Face victim"*} For all the Uncle Toms {*"Another Gas Face victim"*} What about the New York cabbies {*"Another Gas Face victim"*} Yo what about {?} the weird boy {*"Another Gas Face victim"*} No Gas Face for the Ansaars on the Ave No Gas Face for Frukwan the God Yeahhh no Gas Face to {?} the S.O.I. No Gas Face for my man D-Black No Gas Face for the engineer Ganz No Gas Face for the Nubian Nation Yeah, but uhh, what about that dude {?} The {?} {*"Another Gas Face victim"*} {*babbling*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday! Song: Doomsday Typed by: Dyslexis@aol.com Mic check... Come through, dig the sound! Crowd around! I used to cop a lot But never copped no drop Hold mics like pony tails, tight, in [????] Stop and stick around Come through and dig the sound Of the fly brown six-o sicko psycho who throws his dick around Bound to go three-plat Came to destroy rap It's a intricate plot of a b-boy strap [? Vemstack?] cats get kidnapped Then release a statement to the press - let the rest know who did that Metal Face terrorists claim responsibility Broken household name usually said in hostility Um... what... MF, you silly I'd like to take "Mens to the End" for two milli' "Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo!" That's a audio daily double Rappers need to fall off just to save me the trouble, yo Watch your own back Came in and go out alone, black Stay in the zone - turn H2O to Cognac On Doomsday! Ever since the womb til I'm back where my brother went That's what my tomb will say Right above my government, Doom will lay Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say? I wrote this one in B.C. D.C. O-section If you don't believe me, go get bagged and check then Cell number 17, up under the top bunk I say this not to be mean, wish bad luck or pop junk Pop the trunk on See-Cipher-Punk, leave him left scraped God forbid, if there ain't no escape, blame MF tape Definition "super-villain": a killer who love children One who is well-skilled in destruction, as well as building While Sidney Sheldon teaches the trife to be trifer I'm trading science fiction with my man the live lifer A pied piper holler a rhyme, a dollar and a dime Do his thing, ring around the white collar crime Get out my face, askin' bout my case, need toothpaste Fresher mint, monkey-style nigga get [?dentadent?] And dope fiends still in they teens, shook niggas turn witness Real mens mind their own business That's the difference between sissy-pissy rappers that's double-dutch How come I hold the microphone double-clutch C.O.'s make rounds, never have ox found On shakedown, lock-down, wet dreams of Fox' Brown On Doomsday! Ever since the womb til I'm back where my brother went That's what my tomb will say Right above my government, Doom will lay Either unmarked or engraved, hey, who's to say? Doomsday Every since the womb til I'm back to the essence Read it off the tomb Either engraved or unmarked grave, who's to say? Pass the mic like "Pass the peas like they used to say" Some M-er F-ers don't like how Sally walk I'll tell y'all fools it's hella cool how ladies from Cali talk Never let her interfere with the Yeti ghetto slang Nicknames [? off nipple and tip of nipples?].metal fang Known amongst hoes for the bang-bang Known amongst foes for flow with no talking orangutangs Only gin and Tang Guzzled out a rusty tin can Me and this mic is like yin and yang Clang! Crime don't pay, listen, youth It's like me holding up the line at the kissing booth I took her back to the truck, she was uncouth Spittin' all out the sunroof, through her missing tooth But then she has a sexy voice, sound like Jazzy Joyce So I turned it up faster than a speeding knife Strong enough to please a wife Able to drop today's math in the 48 keys of life Cut the crap far as rap Touch the mic, get the same thing a Arab will do to you for stealing What the devil? He's on another level It's a word! No, a name! MF - the super-villain! Doomsday! Dig the sound Crowd around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ Cucumber Slice Album: Operation Doomsday! Song: Rhymes Like Dimes Typed by: dyslexis@aol.com Yo, yo, yo, y'all can't stand right here In his right hand was your man's worst nightmare Loud enough to burst his right eardrum close-range The game is not only dangerous, but it's most strange I sell rhymes like dimes The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times Joker rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick Classical slap-stick rappers need Chapstick A lot of 'em sound like they in a talent show So I give 'em something to remember, like the Alamo Tally-ho! A high Joker like Spades game Came back from five year layin' and stayed the same Sayin' - electromagnetic feeling blocks all logic, Spock And G- shocks her biological clock When I hit it, slit her to the shitter, thought I killed her goose Her Power-Use was pure Brita water, filtered juice Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe wit' 'im Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write wit' 'im Never seen the shit again, but he's still my dunny Only thing that come between us is krill and money I sell rhymes like dimes The one who mostly keep cash but brag about the broker times Better rhymes make for better songs, and that is not If you got a lot of what it takes just to get along Surrender now or suffer serious setbacks Got get-back, connects wet-back, get stacks Even if you gots to get jet-black, head to toe To get the dough, battle for bottles of Mo' or 'dro This rhyme flow take practice like Tae Bo With Billy Blanks "Oh, you're too kind!" "Really? Thanks." To the gone and lost forever like "O My Darling Clementine" He hold his heart when he tellin' rhymes When it's his time, I hope his soul go to Heaven He's nasty like the old time Old Number Seven You still taste it when you chase it with the Coca-Cola Make you wish they coulda erased out the Motorola I told her - no credit for it back If you want what they got, then go get it, it's all gak Only in America could you find a way to make a healthy buck And still keep your attitude on self-destruct I sell rhymes like dimes The one who mostly keep cash, but tell about the broke times Joker rhymes, like the "Is you just happy to see me?" trick Classical slap-stick rappers need Chapstick A lot of them sound like they in a talent show So I give 'em something to remember like the Alamo Tally-ho! High Joker like Spades game Came back from five years layin' - stayed the same Sayin' - electromagnetic field will block all logic, Spock And G-shock her biological clock When I hit her, slit her to the shitter, thought I killed her goose Her Power-Use was pure Brita water, filtered juice Keep a pen like a fiend keep a pipe wit' 'im Gentleman who lent a pen to a friend who write wit' 'im Never seen the shit again, but he still my dunny Only thing that come between us, is krill and money We sell rhymes like dimes The one who mostly keep cash but tell about the broke times [Bobbito a/k/a Cucumber Slice] Check it out, ch'all! Ya don't stop! Keep on, to the sure shot! Huh-ha! Uh, uh, uh, uh, oh! Yeah, you're listening to the buttery slickness The Land-O-Lakes from my man MF Doom! Ha ha ha ha! Yeah! Rock-shockin' the house, with another nugget Uh-uh-ah, eh, oh, ah, hoo-wee! Yeah! Regulation status, right here, Fondle 'Em Recordings 1999 Yeah! Now what are you 'posed to say on the end of records? I don't know! Yeah! Whoo! Yeah! Mashed potatoes Applesauce Buttery... biscuits And I get lost A yes, yes, yes y'all You don't stop Keep on... a' to the breakadawn Say what? Uh! Yeah! You thought it all was over! You thought the song was over! Ah! We tricked you, we tricked you Ha ha ha ha... Whoo! You're listening to www.hairline.com MF Doom, Cool Bob Love... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday Song: The Finest Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com [MF Doom] As the life cycle goes on ... goes on And you learn to hold on (hold on) To things like the mic ... the mic And you learn to appreciate who is the nicest on said device But who is [the finest]? [Tommy Gunn] Time at shashuma, too much drama, blind behind the rumor Time and time and time, my mind, I'm trying to find a tumor Time at shashuma, no time for humor As soon as one of ya' men's dead in Hempstead, you trying to find Pumas Sooner the better, even knitted a sweater already Keep your leather, we coming through the brutal weather We ready to do whatever, yo' Doom you with it? (You know it like a poet, my brother) (Hey, Gunn you wit it?) Whatever... [the finest!] [MF Doom] I know about going paid to broke, to next day well-off To bust a shell off, to "Dick-riders! Get the hell off!" Made a call to a client, he must've had his cell off A show-off, he has the same bite but fell off I tell off the bat, from science to pure facts Which niggaz is wack 'til they last two tracks Matter fact, y'all could wait for the rep to tell The tall-tale, how he escape from out the depths of hell [Tommy Gunn] When die, he gon' die like a soldier die: Holding a swollen eye, drinking Olde Gold Smoking a stog, watching po-po patrol the beach Blowing my high, rolling by, when Gunn die He gon' try to preach the streets then go to the sky [MF Doom] Yup! That hold water, like drizzle in a paper cup This one etched in stone, the chisel with the paper up I need a cut: a taper-up, edge-up Niggaz can't measure up, I'm here to get the treasure up [Megalon] Stands up and hold 'em high, do or die He got heat, no surprise, stop the beat, close your eyes Got the weed, rolling lah Not sweet, so no demise, all the guys drops seeds so multiply Within the prophecies hold the lie [MF Doom] He bled my mother and my father, but can't bleed me OD, ghetto misery, he bled my brother, my sister, but can't bleed me A OG, ghetto misery, bled my mother, my father, but can't bleed ... Me ... sci-fly, whole style stuck up Used to talk to myself, I told him, "Shut the fuck up!" Buckle up, 'cause it's about to be rough He said, "Keep talking that shit, you 'bout to be snuffed" Then we squashed it, I let em know: "Watch it -- We only met a time to join these rhymers in the mosh pit" Gosh, it feels great just to increase the chance For a pussy nigga face to hit the dance floor [Megalon] I pull ya' top up, got clout, crack rock, what? Now it's all good business, and so this bitch is locked up On the dance floor: you got knocked out, your bitch got knocked up Baby-face, and hey can you brand you, brand new machete Damn, I just shook your hand and can't stand you already Can't stand you, understand you deadly But my hammer's like a band, my man, it's Brand New and Heavy Yo' Doom, you ready? (Yeah! Yo' Gunn, you with it?) Whatever.. [MF Doom] Come on stay, I wrote this rhyme on my born-day Remind me of the same style I flipped on "Hey!" Yikes! Who can fuck with the likes Of one such who scores touchdown and spikes mic's Metal grill, with many styles, better still Feel like number 26 on a roulette wheel And deal, and run rings around rhymers And run rings like number runners whose old-timers [Megalon] Shorty in the all black, she think she all that I called her, she said, "Don't call back!" She called me, now what you call that? Let's go back, I sold crack Hold gats, smoke that, drink that, tote that Fuck! Where that hoe at? Where that dough at? [MF Doom] Suffering succotash! This hooker broke into his last buck of cash He love her, motherfuck her ass Metal feet dented your car fender My agenda up in the basement party tipping the bartender Is unbeknownst to you -- who could get body blown? MF like Mike Fran Corleone And got it sown, maricon, like to know what you staring at? An invisible cat, who pull off a disappearing act Raised by a pack a wild wolves, it's like Sweetback Front? I'ma be back! (Like brothers in the street act) (Surrounded by a bunch a bad bitches like Sweetback) (Fuck with me I'll be back) Like niggaz in the streets act (streets act!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Aritst: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday! Song: Go With the Flow Typed by: jmpiork@comcast.net * * send corrections to the typist "Yeah, here we go...just go with the flow" (repeats 4 times) Yo, I'd like to check this microphone before I start right quick Microphone check 2,2,1,2,1,2 [Verse 1] Big up all the Monsta Island massive And beware before I triple dare you like the last kid Who ask me what we don't got that you got son For one, flow that's elementary my dear Wat-son Secondly, ever since I was little Not so much to riddle, least rhyme to the syllable Keep tracks that make a Arab thief clap With no hands, I chop these drums off Truly yours, G Rap Actual fact, relax In this land of lyrical loss, black I'm not the cool sleet stack The one who might stop and talk to you Poison to few, niggas who be bitin styles I'm like pork to Oooh...what you got to lose? Let mud fly When I got blues I chew whole crews that's bud dry So I ask why the style's from the cess Shit be fuckin with my eye as I pull it to the chest The super muthafuckin' villain grip the mic wit an iron hand Throwin emcees to the fire from out da fryin' pan It ain't no use in tryin, man Son, stop cryin Frontin' like you death-defyin' You need to stop lyin' Speak your piece only once you're spoken to first Now lemme hear your verse while I'm chokin' you With bubbly fine rhymes like a editor Throw them to my collection of skulls and spines like Predator Fuck around, the only niggas who could hear the same sound (who?) Was Jet Jaguar and James Brown (Yeah, yeah only them two niggas?) And I'm glad I took the time to write their names down to big 'em up (True, true) [Verse 2] I'd like to say hi It's {?} fly the odd Merlin That's quick to whip up a script like Rod Sterling {?} bad bitch who used to whip the Sterling Who see God ?, never see God earlin' My man Grimm had his little monkey like Space Ghost Me myself I got flavors that out-taste most With numb gums, some rhymers is lake toast Back to you MF Doom, you late show host S to the U to the P E R-uh Who chronicle these times in a 3-D horror {?} co-star or in a realer drama Who break bread with stingy kin-men, indian borrower Lone gunmen who candidly flip fly floes Single-handedly with one eye closed In a fly pose, no shirt {?} May see me stack the quarter-mill cash pay That's in a smash way how he did it Muthafucka probably couldn't peep it past a minute The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ MF Grimm Album: Operation: Doomsday! Song: Tick, Tick... Typed By: BTJ718@AOL.COM (Verse One) Walk the path of Jesus, witness if Hell frizzes The mind teases reality, crack the pieces Nothin' eases, bein' chastise with blood baptize Guys revise, acknowledge past lives Statements will be made, acknowledge me (knowledge me) My mind is Heaven's gate so enter me (enter me) My mind is the gate ta Hell so try ta flee (try ta flee) Both gates look da same, which will it be? (which will it be?) Demons screams from thought process Enter seamen, Child born stress Body want ta sleep but da mind can't rest Measure, pleasure through fanatical progress When it come ta currency, love is nonexistent Foes magnified, Friends become so distance Some hope ya die, back-stabbed in an instant Foes I despise, discase as Allies ta sabotage camouflage Loyalty is lies Ta see God, look inta my eyes Ta see the Devil inya, look inta my eyes as I rise from Hell's equator (Hook) 'Cause I'mma slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up Mettle Finger's feed beats Grimm Reaper eat 'em up Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow 'em up Brainsick, Tick, Tick, Tick, MF blow it up Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up Mettle Finger's feed beats Grimm Reaper eat it up Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow 'em up Brainsick, Tick, Tick, Tick, MF blow it up (Verse Two) Take air, compress it, bless it Mix loops like Ku Klux MF don't give two fucks Nigga, quarterback blitz, poped, quickly fumble Leave game with concussion, seein' stars and mumbles This happens, ta any Emcee that want's ta rumble Dynasty's destroyed like Carrington's and Colby's Noise, reduced, MF thinks in Dolby Chop that ass in half like Obi Wan Kenobi Greatest of all time, God straight up told me Greatest of all time, the Devil even told me Icicles on surfaces of sun/Son, we livin' coldly Prophets be phony And we attact, we switch like the Wu-Tang symbol Still kill Jack even though Quick and Nimble plain and simple Pick Niggaz off while they ballin' and die old like stallin', yes Death I hear ya callin', I accept collect Human sacrifice, must pay respect We catch reck Nigga, we catch reck And... we gonna... gonna... (Hook) Slow it up, speed it up, slow it up, speed it up Mettle Finger's feed beats Grimm Reaper eat it up Speed 'em up, slow 'em up, speed 'em up, slow 'em up Brainsick, Tick, Tick, Tick, MF blow it up BOOM! MF Grimm, MF Doom! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday Song: Red & Gold Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com I remember when, last past November when Clown kid got pounded in with the Timberland They left him trembling, he was not remembering: Never tuck your denim in just to floss an emblem Some would debate, "Wait, the fella ate gelatin Or even listening in to what his weathermens was telling him" When I could feel it in my melanin, it's compelling Us to break them off, no reassembling No science-fiction to no theater near you, coming soon to Fuck with you frequently like how phases of the moon would do You could gather 'round like it was an eclipse Just don't look directly to the bitch, you may be blinded by the crips Pass the L, the last to tussle in them shirttails All hail, King Geedorah, the third rail 700 volts holds rap to a standstill Fool ignore the rule, fuck up and get his man killed Two bottles of Dom got his hands filled And so goes the days of our lives as the hourglass sand spill And built with Passion and a glass of the 'Ze [And the lights went down and hey!] And I knew it was the last day ... Wig-Twisting Season When some could get their wigs twisted back within reason Mostly with these crimes of treason And you'll be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening From how he's feeling, thrilling choice of flow is sick He's the villain with the million dollar voice-throat trick He's like a ventriloquist, with his fist in the speaker's back Couldn't think of no uniquer track, nope, sneak attack It don't really matter how big them is, so much as a nipple 'Cause you could have a chick with D-Triple 'Cept the nipple little, just hot off the griddle Like how he do monkey rhymers, like Monkey-in-the-Middle by his damn self Ain't no average MC ahead of me Getting cheddar instead of the probably better pedigree With nicknames, sick games as Rick James Messy games, sci-fi such as Jesse James Blast, I figure, ass-hawking ass titty licker Last one to walk up in, fast-talking city slicker Got bagged 'cause of the dirty chick with make-up Bail out quick for the 7:30 wake-up My only backup was an A-cup, as far as May To when the leaves turn red and gold to Nimrod's earthday All else? Worthless to say [And the lights went down and hey!] That's when I knew it was the first day ... Wig-Twisting Season When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning Mostly with these crimes of treason men And y'all be lucky if there's no squeezing even this evening .. It's like a mosquit-ah, the much sweeter resent the act I been bent back since my Physical went back Since, Cultured more of my kin And for them I keep an L rolled in this hellhole Hold your head, use your head and hold, or be dead and cold In the worsest way, soon as the leaves show red and gold To 'round Nimrod's release day And all else? Needless to say Wait a motherfucking minute, true facts presented The names was probably changed just to protect who ain't in it The XP was three-quarters tinted, 4/5ths was converted The way his shit was twisted? Ask him if it hurted ... ... Wig-Twisting Season When some could get their wigs twisted back within reasoning Mostly with these crimes of lying, and fronting, and cheating All types of different styles of treason The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ King Caesar, Rodan, Megalon, Kamackeris, Kong Album: Operation Doomsday Song: Who You Think I Am Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Megalon] Who you think I am, but who you want me to be? [King Ceasar] ...When I rock, jock niggaz in shellshock Don't watch the birdie watch the clock go tick tock I rip shop, I make ya girls bottom lip drop Yo word to the truckers at the pit stop I'm hip hop I hold heat, never forget what niggaz told me they showed me Other emcees trying to fold me they owe me Yo plus them niggaz mad slow gee I got my "Get U Now" so I'm comin with my homie Here's the plan: stick 'em up, I enter, through the window Stoop down so we can't see our crescendo Pass the indo, yo we used to be our friend though Yeah but thats the reason I dont really like to lend dough [Rodan] From the corners cylindrical triangle hats As dutch lyrics precise life wring dem from science Leave you entangled for months Tryin to figure who done it, you fronted Got cha shit stunted, didn't have to be that way Some saw the light comin in, they shunned it For the wickedness to those whose despise life and worship death The established matched at eye for eye, tooth for tooth, breath to breath These are the last days of the countdown, shit is just that drastic Write journals, like they use the prophets, study math like a Aztec [Megalon] Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be A true thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached I wanna give you my slugs and don't wanna take em Box sprays, but with my box cutter in my boxes Shots sprayed, who on cops high says we rastas Rock away boulevard, got love and ?knoxus? Bout five cops today, my rock away Niggaz and rock rage, got paid A rock, you know why I rock, meet me at the ?lobses? I suggest I should dress proper Copped a buzz, I copped a dutch I got a lotta love, with no strings attached [Kamackeris] Rhymes, rhymes, rhymes, we got plenty Times, times, times, too many Sparked up and chat, you keep countin I do my thing, jealous niggaz keep doubtin Rock 'n' roll, lock 'n' load Emcees out for pots of gold, we stop 'em cold In they tracks an take all they ?jipsuses? All they dats, all they bullshit mixeses Give 'em a credit, not debt it We just flipped the calistetic Toss the andy pettitte, you said it We grandslam in the never boss stand Any pussy emcee's we abandon [MF Doom] Flew in from Monster Island just to rag shit wit jet lag With brothers specializin ways how us not to get bagged Egads! I bring confusion like roll call To emcees so-called, hoes be like "yup I told y'all" So socialize my bio so I dip dip dive Memorize like I-omega zip drive Go to the bar to drink to get soberer King Ghidra eat the head of a king cobra like king koba [Kong] Kong get a cut like Kobe, now hold heat So sweet, roll deep but no beef Those that doze deep, close sheets Po chose to speak with, reach over to reload the piece Slip from freak to deak, keep concrete Parallel to body til the next male Shotties and hotty, still waitin to exhale Smell the blood bath a slugs caught Slugs passed and bloodsport Bugged laugh, a bugged thought Caught some eyes make the case last stack a locker Bocker, drink a vodka, hit note, like Sinatra at a opera Drop a flocker, Orville Redenbocher Get you, got you, shot the two L's without the proper For the ?abus? knocker Hit the liquor, quicker than a quicker picker upper Girl and stick er, I leave more nuts than a snicker Kick er to the curb, punk a bitch, stomp a chick For now call me Kong, Monster Isle, Monster Click (Bow!) [Megalon] Loved not for who you think I am, but who you want me to be True thuggin emcee, true thugs, with no strings attached I wanna give you my slugs, and don't wanna take 'em back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday Song: Hey! Typed by: elixir713@hotmail.com I only play the games that I win at And stay the same with more rhymes than there's ways to skin cats As a matter of fact, let me rephrase With more rhymes and more ways to fillet felines these days Watch the path of the black one Supervillian he wrecks clubs for dell In a drunken stupor chillin Ready and willin to inadvertantly foil that plan of any rhymer, whiner or  spoiled brat Who got more snottier flows than snotty nose? And holds mics like he knows karate body blows Nobody knows the trouble I see from the MPB fly dirty tailin the eye bubble eye thirty For the record this is some shit I just thought of y'all Science fiction that's not admissable in no court of law I live to rock mics 3-D The only reason I seek to stop to snuff the TV I heard beats, they sound like karaoke With monkey rhymers on a leash like don't have this fairy choke me Hit 'em with a penny so we can get these peanuts And I thought we was nuts, I used to get free cuts They locks Lex Luthor up in green haven Since when a nigga never really been to clean shaven Misbehavin rap stars need mistament Call me Mista Bent I'm at where your sister went Intelligent, used to write and be well spoke Now all a nigga wanna do is fight and sell, tell a joke This could lead to catastrophe Bout to stop the violence right after these last three shots from the black  bat got me at headlock Holdin on to sanity while stranded at dreadlock She told me get off I said Bitch, let me set this shit off so I could get rich right quick Then it hit me like the point of intoxication Nigga come out and rock this nation like oxifacen A lot of niggas out is rusty like oxidation In the world's most strangest most dangerous occupation But you could do it, you the Super like in your building Villian like trife kingdom wear and all my children Plottin and it sure to pay ends With some more mature womens and more of they friends And when bad men roll tight, it's actual true Like a pack of big bamboo with natural glue Who grip necks of becks next to triple X He just came before D followed the ripple effects And it'll lead you right to him Oh snap, it seems you walked into a trap do wrap Zoinks, this place is filled with pretender willies One false move and get broke off like end of phillies True believers ain't nothin new to a Crook with special powers like how to tell the future uh uh Rhyme of the month two page long Bustin off two gages with my cake gone wrong Son it's on remind me of a Raekwon tape song With a fleet of super bad status Rae Dawn Chong Let me know if y'alls with me y'all Nasty yo and geographic down to the titty bar Rap monster outer city y'all To all my brothers who is doin' unsettling bids You could have got away with it if it was not for them meddling kids The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday! Song: Greenbacks Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com [MF Doom] A fly tramp, that's what she called me 'Cause I don't wear no Stetson hats like Paul C As y'all see, who give a fuck? Who know what is it? These styles will be flipped to the absolute exquisite It's like a blizzard, soon as I got home from ATL Looked into my baby's face, my boo was like ... "Well! I know your types of clientele! Thoughts, needs" As I held her firmly, yet gentle as the soft sea She said, "The one with the horse weave?" The pretty one?" All crazy, had to touch the tattoo through the short sleeve Which one you want? I'm like, "If there was comp? Fuck around, a nigga like me probably run up in all three!" King Geedorah what they call me, either caesar or baldy Probably half-boozed since last y'all saw me On the D-low, I slaughter solo emcees, they paper-thin In they Polo, Nautica, or DK men Amen! It's funny how significance make a difference Notice parables of three in every other inference For instance: "Who wanna battle? On the real? Choose your weapon: microphone, beats, or the wheels-of-steel" I own a crown in all three for getting down without a doubt I'd like to give a extra special out To Jet Jaguar, the sun, moon and star The Monster Island Czars  y'all know who you are Get that! [Tommy Gunn] Coming straight from the black lungs I rip tracks for all players that pack guns Stack ones in packs, done and doing back-to-back runs To my peeps that close, so's ya' knows what's up Y'all know the dough's quick, hoes that mess with 5-O shrimp like, "What?" Like they wanna shmoosh us, just to packing the pushers I'm packing gat then bust a cap at po-po If they catch us and try to push us Since when a MINY nigga don't be taking no shit? I be that drug dealing nigga that be fucking ya' bitch! [MF Doom] What a fella! Like Salt, Pepa, Spinderella I came to spark the deaf, dumb and blind like Helen Keller If I'm not with George of the Jungle, if he not with Stella Or either Priscilla, I'm doing dips on Godzilla Though y'all know he don't play, right? TNT throws a nigga out a moving van in broad daylight And he was shackled by hands and feet Then they say he tried to escape, once his face scraped the concrete Near the curb on Monster Island, 103 Street Where brothers run the risk of getting swallowed once the Beast eat I'd rather lay in the cut, collect cash pay Only TNT I see is Gilligan's castaway With Mary Jane and Ginger Oh, from which you spent the night by accident, I creep like a ninja When the mack is bent, who can give one fuck? Get bucked, get broke up like three-piece nun-chucks Y'all sun struck, sick to they head-piece Three-headed beast brings the drama to a dead cease (Get that money, god) Sick to they head-piece (Get that money, god) (Get that money, god) (Get that money, god) Greenbacks ... the meanest green stacks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ Pebbles Album: Operation Doomsday Song: The Mic Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Pebbles-Singing] Feeel the magnetism between uuuus (The mic) Growin in stronger and stronger (The mic) Whyy dont we do it (The mic) [MF Doom] I was in a case out of state She was thirteen and good we had a hotter date It was just a number she never told she was knocked up By the end of the summer chick almost had me locked up My aunt came and got and steadied the block We bounce to the yeti and I'm ready to rock With no attachments feelin a little loose Blowin up in every spot we had a little juice Probably the dime on the Afghani ? We played the stage standin by the speaker and suddenly Who tapped me I'm bout to get real ill Already ripped the whole club with metal face's steel wheel (The mic) What a sweet surprise her with the fly eyes And fine she pulled me to the sidelines The mystery shot up with strong words She was an intelligent wisdom and a song bird I met her last week at the same place She stepped to me the same way at a no shame pace I'm off guard her game had me choked up Checkin me play testin me (The mic) till I spoked up Seven whole days and nights and not a word from you (Not a word) I was worried I thought I woulda heard from Stranger you know I never get enough of you How you be comin through (The mic) Myself and two a alikes had ran through this crew of three In my earlier days they showed me things new to me So we knew mad brothers who they had hit off They even used to watch each other just to rock they shit off When slovenly two smile and I'm scopin her Switchin off three times a night made them more opener So you could love Allah or leave him the hell alone Message from my god father aside a gold telephone Many of my men went up in smoke While trickin with these chickens I ended up broke You find out who's ya mans when you broke Like a bad joke it's funny when you on you got mad folk I played the middle man in every little scam Some as complex as a hip hop album riddle jam I find it's quite intriguing as I think about rappers Walk upon me speaking with stinkin mouth (About what?) About this and that from sneakers to hats to gats Freak chicks with the cooty cat raps And it's that ? I'm at a black tie affair with a diva with the fatty fat I play the back steady on the humble But be right up front when we get ready to rumble I gave her breath control ask her who she learned off Coulda took her back to the crib somehow was turned off Me and you was overdue From gettin together baby I always knew our love was meant to beee (The Mic) [Pebbles-Singing] Feel the magnetism (The Mic) between uuus (The Mic) Growing stronger and stronger (The Mic) Whyyy dont we do it (The mic) (...The mic) (The-the) (The mic) (The mic) (The mic) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation: Doomsday! Song: Dead Bent Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com Ooh, you're like the sun Chasing all of the pain away When you come around, you bring brighter days She told me, you're the perfect one Me and you forever will be He told her, I will rock this microphone ... always! I hold the mic, like niggaz hold their girls tight But I ain't after her, probably your Acura pearl white The hooker? Nah, as many times as I done hit it? To be specific more times than dimes in a briz-nick When you broke North, I crashed the barbecue like Riddick At the Garden, true, that's the god in me, pardon you Jeepers! I was torn back, the hoe gained access to my beeper Call back my secretary gatekeeper Like I ain't peep her, I said, "Darling you was stupid though You know the Super Villain ... hoe!" I had this style ever since I was a child I got this other style I ain't flip in a while, it goes: Pure scientific intelligence, with one point of relevance MC's whose styles need Vellamints And once the smoke clears, tell 'em it's The Super motherfucking Villain, nigga came through raw like the elements On 99 plus one of them And with a flow to pull a fraud nigga file from out in front of him When we with y'all, we had tons of fun Me and my duns and them Actual true and living sons of them Dead planets and God-U's Throwing divine rules to come through, we will over charge you's Fool, and won't feel remorse for shit Except for one time, once I had took my fronts out and lost them shits Scientific gone bezerk like Red Alert I really wanted to pick up was [?] for cheddar dirt The funniest experiments is where I went Obviously dead bent, and spent every red cent To rule you, and still drop more jewels than schools do Or even TV news that's designed to fool you (who?) Yeah you, who hear the most grimy suggestions From brothers with fly names and I.D. questions That's a Secret like Victoria teddy sets that's edible Them's not ready yet for the incredible Team of MC's who broke off fakes Who thought they were slaughta proof Stomping through like North Face waterproof Tat-tat, at the end of that After hit the bar where baby girl bartender at I told her more wine, mingling with no single mentions of Stay tuned for more spine tingling adventures of ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Operation Doomsday Song: Gas Drawls Typed by: Zeepo168@aol.com ...metalface doom... ...operation doomsday... By the way, I read up on bad dreams bag up screams in fiftys be up on mad schemes that heat shop like jiffy-pop(pop) in a instant get smoked like winston ciggarettes ho's get ripped off like nicorette (patch) in real life the real trife scene might snatch ya life like a-ssault machine rifle dead up setup like bull-fight be blunted how we like couldnt white or in full flight the unemotional call me anti-social on the run off the gun death tally commercial death valley? is like rehearsal to the streets to my peeps G.M. MF on the beat rhymes is chosen like the weapons of war so keep from steppin on my floor or delivery front door I bring it to ya'll motherfuckers master yours my disaster cause- hell- and gas drawls the super villain- cooler than a million i be chillin still quick to slice squares like sicilian dont make me have to hurt them feelins ill ruin you in the dirt that i be doin in my dealins sendin spirits through the ceilin'- chrome peelin'- dome blown within the comforts of your own home grown big wheelin' and high rollin' I hold the lye- it keeps the sty on my eye swollen'... holdin, and ?????????, known as massive-versatile, Id like to big-em-up monster-isle... uummm,  yeah... I saw you in hell wit dem gas drawls... To my brother Subroc- and black ju I crack brew for- two more, three men, two up, I hit the brew up like- nobody knoowwss... how X the unseen feels when givin crews a brush with death like between meals two times a day wit brothers thats tight like a noose wit more rhymes in use than doctor seuss or motherfuckin' mother goose X is da suspicious flirter who every hooker hearda' next to malicious murda' a track type vicious fulfillin the pipe wishes ?????? may be legal minus the baby eagle any given summers eve- dont breathe sixteen shots i do believe- and one up the sleeve... master of the O who predict ya last pause- i told ya'll hell and gas drawls- breakin- glass and plastic jaw- like federal drastic law fed up from fightin' secret war wit' them fantastic four- (invisible bitch) versus Doom wit' the metal face before I go to state the ho better settle case the flow is at pedal pace steady like tricycles beware all suckas is froze like icicles... (bag 'em up) and baggin' bitches like nickels cause I licked 'em where they tickle before I hit the clit though imma spit till I pronounce more hits than a ounce no doubt about ta bounce, X the unannounced- im out... and i like to give a shoutout, to the brother jet-jaguar... Megalon... and King Ghidra... I call this joint right here... Gas Drawls... In hell wit yours... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.F. Doom f/ Kurious Album: Operation: Doomsday... Song: ? Typed by: kschan@erols.com Intro: Dr. Doom My servants began to forge what was to become the most dreaded costume on the face of the earth. *sound of metal being forged* The last thing to fit was the mask, when it conformed to my twisted features in comfort. Verse One: MF Doom He cleans his metal mask with gasoline Then after I'm last seen Pullin' a chick like a fiend Pull a fast one Can't put shit past him Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man Stand close to his main man like a chain gang Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew That's no mystery that Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew Sorta with her drawers down quarter The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta" I suggest you hand over the formula dulia? A villain in your land, in his land a ruler Hard hitting like puffin a woola with Lieutenant Uhura Everyday feel like its an off day with Ferris Bueller Brother pull heat to prove they're not sweet No matter how you spell it, we still got beats Verse Two: Kurious We question how we live Question, what we give Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me Still they judge but they be butt ass Switch that wig like a muppet Keep it simple, can't truss it Light's the fuel Mic is the tool Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel Finish what I start Mastered the art Livin' hell can't explain the inhale confuse it more Cop the .44 Contemplate meditate Dictate I direct my direct fate Coming of late Kurious Can I say shit Do it for CottleRock, do it for K.Nit K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C Only we save we Verse Three: MF Doom By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about Topics and views, generally concerned about With different ways to coincide earned clout I take a look at my life I taste the trails From Tablik and savage females With fake nails to face scales You out your frame for still baggin' 'em too You know I know These hos be asking me if I'm you Like my twin brother we did everything together From under ? to coppin butter leathers Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys I had all the different color Cazale Cazales But SubRoc, you shoulda went with the Ruby and the old Ock Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand Everything is going according to plan man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (MF Doom f/) E. Mason Album: Operation: Doomsday Song: Hero V.S. Villain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "And that ended Doom's plans for world destruction!"  "And how did you manage to stop him?" "Simple, I [..] rearranged the circuits" "Once he threw the switch" {*bang*} "My ability to attack is faster than the cobra..." {*dialogue fades*}  "Very helpful."  "And I will be careful, not to make the same mistakes as Doom!" [E. Mason] What's the hero, who's the villain? Dead or livin, killed or killin, who the fuck should remain chillin? (Doom) Webster says, wicked and evil, but yo who's Webster? Nihilation and outcast, equals freedom that's so fast Culture in chains, that be the rolls villain plays All these are just metaphors, they describe symbols in folklore But who knows why it's like this? Hero? Hit or old miss? Maybe it's all good Really of God, but who should, determine the real Evil, what's the deal Fools rush in, they don't know the yin, from the yang And are ashamed to deviate, or act sane From the norm, they are slaves, forced to conform To really find your essence, take this as a lesson Break away from the rest of them Get from the form ending, like the villain in the song Find truth, who determines wrong from right, without a fistfight Different from day than from night {Operation... Doomsday} It's just a simple play on words Delete all these punks ass herbs Who's the hero, what's the villain? The question still remains chillin Listen to the music, try very hard to use it Open up and research, and that's the end of this verse But y'all niggaz keep y'all minds open out there "So like fuck you, fuck the newspaper, fuck all that shit man!" "I'm leavin" {"Good evening"}  "Yo why you want to be leaving man?" "Man don't worry about that sucker, yo man listen"  "Yo I'm not gonna finish my piece man, not with this lady around man" "Yo what the fuck is this shit man?" "I don't like that shit man, I don't want no fuckin pictures taken of my shit man"  "Yo relax!" "Nah man, that shit is fucked up man, that shit can get us busted over here man!"  "Relax man it's for the paper" "NAH NAH I'm not gonna relax, I'm gettin the fuck out of here"  "Look, we got a car! She's got a car parked right over there man!" "Let's get the fuck out of here!"  "Well come on let's go then!" "Doom, .. to conceal his own mangled form, right?" "Yeah" "So like fuck you" "Do yourself a favor.. do yourself.. trust me" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (King Geedorah) featuring Jet Jaguar and Rodan Album: Take Me To Your Leader Song: No Snakes Alive Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "Ha ha ha ha ha ha!" [King Ghidra/King Geedorah] ..Ghidra has arrived You guys could take five By the time it's over... No snakes alive! Take the dive, I'm tellin you, you better off Then up against a flow to make her, take her sweater off From the set off when it came to scripts he could hardly brag It's the result of concentration, and lolly-gag I said "Yeah right" he pulled the mic out a snotty rag Sealed up air-tight, and wrapped up in a body bag Get a advance and catch chance writer's block After spendin the first and last penny My own worst enemy Tell me if I'm OD and usual flow And made deals with these cats who keep sending dough, so The Three Headed said it, never get busted He's a man of his word who's not to be trusted Beats encrypted, multi-faceted encrusted Shorty pawn, keep mic rusted (*The beat and rapping get's faster*)Sort of mellow type of fellow Who sometimes spaz on wife like Othello Hell no he won't use words like illuminati Or Gotti all shotty might use karate Azar the Gaza cut I'll ask why a mask With the gall style caps say nice fly (*Flow goes back to original*)Exact dough til it stack high, white ho, black guy The rap game, black eye [Jet Jaguar] Exhiliration, Jet Jag's accelerations Touch speeds minds can't concieve Achieve altered, attitudes and angles, angels answer Aura, illumilation, awesome interperation Awkward alarm, ankle house arrest and who's best? Monster Island Czars Crush pawn dreams to be king A frank reality Calculation could never be Quest destined, distant competition dusted Disgusted raise for second, crowded clouded confusion, conclusion: simple, plain Self education, self made millionaires Serpents slitherin, sidewind searchin Stalkin, heat sensin (*Beat goes faster*)Can't have me Jet Jag's riki tiki tavi Superhero hit zero to sixty Hot pursuit, pedal to the floor Handlin lyrics, traction swervin Left right makin head fix, layin high stakes Levitates, quick hit breaks They fly past hit war parts fly loose, kill a mongoose [Rodan] Fake niggaz contiue to practice the art of intimidation Sterile minds concieve and threw up all artificial insemination Syntax a sequential rage unless it's all deliberate Angle wide words clear, but population stay illiterate Consider it God's a fine power, fools get rid of it Men build dreams on promises but lacken the will to deliver it You, I disolve connivers like saliva on tic tacs World is strange, but get the job done like sises mix max Flip tracks, murder stinks, drunk niggaz killin six packs Chokin on venom, suffered tricknological kick backs Poverty stricken minds, all thoughts barely worth two cents Build history through time, many a design on blueprints Anooshes slides in the sky, eight-five percent never knew Wise men arise, pull files like internal revenue Forever true, appauled? There's self evidence with leverage (*The beat and rapping get's faster*)Upset? The beast belly concoct homogenised beverage Clever shit, calculate a sabatoge trojan horse Gift from ? see through any G motion that grows in force Chose to toss to teach familiar line throughout the underworld God of elevation kills Superman, rape Wondergirl The discounted, decapitated rapist it's acceptable The everyday occurance a fatal outcome's inevitable [King Ghidra/King Geedorah] ..Might as well join the forces boss Chance take a loss like coin toss Roll with the double headed nickel Pawn the pawn a Jet Jag with the sickle you and a pickle King Ghidra yo you ass betta leave 'em alone Before ya go catch a seizure and leave 'em blown If you ain't the best of the best in the top three Either myself, I and me Don't even think of caps But act like you had a slight inkling perhaps Or get smacked back in the ring like Bob Backlund Ink jet black and wack... "Hahahahahaha! Hey, what's the meaning of this?" "Shut up!" "Hahahahahahahaha, young man.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MF Doom and MF Grimm Song: Impostas Typed by: syntaxdivine@yahoo.com The supervillian versus the golddigger Doom mild mannered old nigga Supporter for the daily blues Reporter for the jewel drop news cop israeli tools The world renowned master of word game Who lay low sometime behind iceberg nerd frames Yo M.F., they heard his name But just couldn't quite place the rep if they retrace they step Next step, who to give thanks ta Realized a pranksta, tried to test a gangsta The last guy he saw was a potato From the lone nado who host his own late show Keep it low rapper monsta island like seinfeld White wine clientele connected like mindmeld I can tell they see they styles as too tricky And too hicky on this microphone doo hicky MF Monday through Friday get money Saturday through Sunday, rhyme Al Bunday Waitin for this shit to kick in as the plot thicken He wrote these rhymes in 3-D with red and blue big pen He took a chicken only ho's who say let me hold him Take 'em in they mouth while he semi swollen semi colon I told 'em birds to do a nigga poodle For not usin his noodle, f up and get bamboozled He was the one to open to her up, blow her brains back Dope her up or rope her to the train tracks Or even choke her til she collapse Tell the po-po with the word and tell her be good Need to take a phrase like Peter Piper pick a pepper And put it where he couldn't peep a sniper sicker repper Nigga popper, stick a chick proper Double platter open so opera watchers is gossipers on top of her I keep forgettin can't go raw anymore I keep forgettin rappers is impostas Been a show stopper since a ho hoppa Nother game second place in a neck and neck race Til the neck who face who wanna battle bring a neck brace We supply the insult to injury Whoever in the industry gettin money is too stingy Violatin, might as well smoke me loc Relocatin my break or get caught with the okey doke It's guaranteed the last step Step to me with the uzi Watch that first step it's a doozy Time flies as the hour glass trickles down One last thing before I blao this popsicle stand A rolling stone and that's that at home On the microphone like that's where he lay his hat at [Outro] I keep forgettin (keep makin dough) I keep forgettin (mad flow MF metalface ho's) I keep forgettin (actual stacks of shows) I keep forgettin (worldwide 'cross the globe let the beat ride) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Grimm Album: MF Doom and MF Grimm Song: Break 'Em Off Typed by: syntaxdivine@yahoo.com Chorus: May, I, kick a little something To show niggas I can flow and get the party pumpin May, I, kick a little something What you gonna break 'em off Grimm a little somethin Day by day drama Cats dream about gattin Manhattan Dali Lama Golden Light I'mma Pray rain, retreat but come calmer One time too low, mad flow unibomber Almost died having me, Thank you to my momma She named me Percey Carry, that's Universal Known for showin love and bustin pistols Street affiliated, graduated, played with plastic Explosions, exact in fact more drastic Impact crack scrambled eggs made with autos Richter scale 7, highway heaven News at 11, filled yo shoe and ya crew all deaded Hard like pork rhine, remote swithches Securin they minds on bitches Wearing yo shoes and stealing yo riches Save my life? Those are dead man wishes Take my life? Sleep with the fishes (????-cy) Track bassy, cripple devil, verbal level heavens spacy Retire, emulator Flow like water, spit fire Call smoke purple hazing you half dead, but half man, half amazing Um They whole purse disperse Got 'em rewritin rhymes, rippin up they verse Cursin, cause his whole crew head boppin Catchin attitudes cause, niggas ain't stopping You shocked? Fuck you expect, Grimm is rockin Manhattan keep on makin it, got bitches shakin it Money in circles, 360 rakin it U N I verse, in God we trust Drive by's in traffic, high when I bust Suppressor on nozzle, no one hear us I love those who sleep, and don't fear us Have 'em dead at the light, slumped to the right More we go, you checkin in tonight Family stressed out, loved ones tight Goin back to Cali, to take this flight Love the Big Apple, n I'mma take a bite Day by day for my, life I fight To God I pray that, someone might Hear my skills, hit me with mills N' pay my bills, so I don't kill Sittin in prison and I'm facin life Changed the game, snitches live so trife Judge actin like I just fucked his wife In his bed, and drank his wine And she gave me head so he's givin me time Inside of here I'm going out my mind Bouncin off brick walls, sun don't shine Push ups and chess help me unwind Cuz I'm in a bind and I can't rewind So I hit fast forward, hope I get sign A friendly game of baseball on (??????ine) My bat had too much tar from pine Tap umpire jail gave me a fine 30 days in the hole, in the dark I dine Dreams of bein free and go claim what's mine Dreams of bein free and go claim what's mine Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: Get-U-Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {*BEEP!*} The fuck was that man? That shit blew my head man... [Zev Love X] I got a brand new .380 in the box, made like glocks A shoebox of bullets, two clips, no safety locks Won't get knocked cause I avoid the rage Catchin mad bodies like the AIDS Used to carry blades, now I'm fully loaded, save the bullshit Tempt me I'ma empty the whole shit, that's that cold shit And that's what I'm into, and plus it's winter And beef ain't squished until the bullet enter Dead center or dead broke, when I got the flame out I'm stickin up a drunk at the liquor store, he came out cause my rent's due, fuck with my money I'ma dead you And you can tell the {?} sent you, and he meant it Cut your throat, and maim your last breath, wait I got a bullet for your ass wit'cha name and your death date Nigga! [Interlude] There it is - that's what got him I don't know man... [Chorus: Zev Love X] I got my Get-U-Now (he's gonna Get-U-Now) I got my Get-U-Now (he's gonna Get-U-Now) I got my Get-U-Now (he's gonna Get-U-Now) I got my Get-U-Now (he's gonna Get-U-Now) [Intro] [Zev Love X] I had to get a shotty, the barrel's a double one Cause my sidewalk got more shells than bubblegum Stuck on it, I'm settin it, bring it if you want it And I still got my .22, I'll never point it though I go hip-hop, it pays by the sheets So fuck my mother-in-law, I'm fin' to run the streets Be the syntax error, delete I live to spin wax, compete with off beat [Interlude] [Zev Love X] I got it, my tool, my utensil to draw led in that ass like a pencil with a stencil And let me see them kids who had beef in the summer And they mugs, all look like Helen Keller but dumber Ain't that a bummer? I'll take you out your misery I'll be the mad bluff caller like, caller ID motherfucker! I'm rakin in the dough by the heap (Get the cash) C-Cypher-Punks can't 'pete (Buck his ass) The last that you heard of your Jeep As you sleep, I buy it off my boys for dirt cheap [Chorus] w/ variation "we gonna Get-U-Now" [Outro] Nigga! Fucka, uhh, watch you drop! You know what the fuck we talkin about, word is bond And we ghost, C.M.! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: What a Niggy Know? Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "He was a nigga yesterday, he's a nigga today, and he gonna be a nigga TOMMOROW!" [K.M.D.] What a niggy know Yo a niggy know the game What a niggy name, black? X like the flick slick What a niggy clique be? The Kause, CM crew What a niggy do? [Zev Love X] Let the monkey out the Zulu's On my back now repeat I'm the X A biggy not a bigot pass the 40 man I'll take it ta swig Save shit for after the gig ya dig? Buds like figs pick out sticks and twigs Like Sub picks out wigs, I jigs like a shank Zev Love X I be sex like swank So crank up the cuts and get some ups on the Ziggy-ziggy I gots ta gots ta rock the mic and grab my niggy-niggy (Nuts!) One two, sound off chumsy Finna flip the script like roundoff summy Yummy to the tooth, bitter to the tummy Help keeps that monkey monkey shit constipated for me jimmy jimmy rummy Now where my money at fat? Livin like that Ziggy from the funnies cat, yeah We both be in the papers Me from pullin capers with the gatt it's like that [K.M.D.] What a niggy know? Your hoe, she know why What a niggy go by? Dead roach, no joke What a niggy smoke kid? Nothin but the raw spots What a niggy got? [Subroc] Bis-a-busy is a what I get props yo I gets more Stick 'em up a niggy boxed cause i gets raw Lots of many many plenty of leeway Subroc AKA Dingilizwe Cock-a-doodle-do with the head up y'all Like a quadruple fat goose I, swell up child See ya diaper that leaves a soggy I'll bungee jump kick ya butt like Miagi No curls, no braids but steel wool With my ill style mad Gs I pull I lay lower than a limbo stick Follow me quick, or leave alone a jimbo stick Can ya dig it? I roll rugged Clock me dumb and my nigga will fly that nugget To the drum y'all Stung I caught y'all I shadowbox that ass and teleport y'all A yesh yesh y'alls Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all! Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all Like that y'all, yes yes y'all, like this y'all Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all To the beat y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all [Zev Love X] check it! I'm the one hun if ya checkin for the rhyme Some for any party turn my hat back then mic check two Ninety three for the time, c'mon everybody let's rock that That, that, UUNGH, niggaz shoulda known it If I chase the cat I'mma bone it doggone it And good riddance I keep my funky mittens off them kittens and I don't quit But if I catch the AIDS I'll be quittin the bullshittin Written by the pen of the X, ak The chicken crossed the street cause he seen me with a mask Knockin over trash cans and mail boxes on my block (KA-BLAOW!) Sounded like a rock rock y'all Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all Yes yes y'all, like this y'all, yes yes y'all Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all To the beat y'all, like that y'all, like this y'all Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat! ...Ya black bastard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: Sweet Premium Wine Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "Forget it, here let's have a drink" "You're drinking too much of that wine of yours" "I'm fine, why don't you and I have a drink?" "But of course there's no wine in the world like...(sweet premium)" [Zev Love X] Boom Boom Tap (Sweet premium (8x)) (Sweet!) (16x) [Zev Love X] (know what I'm sayin?) Boom crack C'mon two, one check it out Sweet Premium See me I'm chillin' like the maniacal villian that I am Pull a scam It's my kind of jam buddy pal, see first name Al last name Key-holic I never fill my toilet with guts what's up why they shut down do-the-butts store for? If I had a dime for every quarter last year I paid some ol' dude to get beer for me from 7-11 Zev and crew mad ho he say fuck some odd D-A rap wrecked over ooh(?) break He shoulda saved it for eight bucks in his pocket he coulda used the loot for ice on his eye socket old daddy looked like his age matched his ounces (Yeah!) I guess that's how the B-Boy bounces as he bops and drops the empty bottle, near the sewer I dose like two or twenty with my crew Oh yeah, I knew a old lady, who swallowed St. Ides I don't know why she swallowed St. Ides Some use the EZ wides other strip the Philly sheets I feel like big willie Watch my brothers get illy with the sweets (Sweet!) (16x) (Sweet Premium wine!) ("Hey, you know what this is?") ("Sweet Premium Wine!") (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) [Subroc] You know I'm complex-cated like a Rubic's Cube puzzle Who said I drink? I don't drink I guzzle till I'm distorted I'm known as the brain boggler No Listerine! I'm the alchahol burgalar Don't drink that, that ain't OE in it Gary peter plays too much it's all pee in it I'll be livin' in the bottle I be in it to win it, or maybe even steal it Yo let me top the bottom It better be cold, let me feel it I got stress I sip booze to heal it Take your time, relax your mind I relax fine with premium wine Your body, yeah now that's what I'm talkin "I been watchin you watchin me" hawkin that ass I tag and then dip I'll still be bad as hell if I slip, stagger or trip Don't try to flip on me First I'll warn you Then burst a whole wine bottle on you Won't wanna be ya, see ya flat on concrete You know the time, you know the grime I call that nigga sweet (Sweet!) (16x) ("Hey, you know what this is?") ("Sweet Premium Wine!") (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) "Want some more wine?" "I got some Sweet Premium...do you reckon you can get it?" "Sweet premium, you bastard, die!" "Uh! I'll kill you bastard!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Plumskinzz Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this song was also the b-side to a "Mr. Hood" twelve inch [Zev Love X] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.. Uhhhhh, uhhhhh, uhh uhh uhh uhh uhh.. Sho' nuff as the 7-11 wins I's in for Plumskinnz from begin (like when?) A rooster a-booster, vickin all the hens (with a grin) Thick chicks, but even sticks got friends (least ten) Up high, the up high I'm covered with the innocent fuzz from the peaches says the streets (hit the toe) Down low on the down low I know the right juice from the darkest fruits got roots (a superhoe) Mind wanderin, mind playin tricks I want Nestle Quik picks my best of games to kicks Tongue tied up, tongue tied up confidin Thinkin if I could I'll stoop to trickin ?? Beware the grocer when ya crush em with your thumbs though (oh?) See no grocer wants bruised plums yo (so?) Once bruised one time, 'tis forgotten And once the plums is rotten, the skinzz'll cut your gums At the corner store a sign reads, "For Sale: Plumskinzz Fruit Cocktail" Only ones runnin to the corner is pale males Open all night, the corner plumskinzz is stale Back to the honeyplum that's swift with gift And if the plum is pit I guess I'll just plead fifth I'll say sweet young, from your ?? have some You got some peach(fuzz),  ("Yeah you know me!") well I'm down with O.P.Plumskinzz Don't drool with all the juice you dribble Scribble the beeper code, so the X can gets a nibble Trust, just, in case you're asked why behind my buttonfly is a fruit fly, huntin for those plumskinzz 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm checkin for the plums) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm lickin on the plums) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm eatin on the plum) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(Like suckin on a plum) ya don't stop [Onyx] Since last we spoke I cried about Teddy Ruxpin And me myself, in a dream, pimpin in a tux and uhh now that the toys in my bed hit the edges Skinzz'll be smoked like, Benson and Hedges Legs over ledges, I'm over heels over heels, five-nine is the result of how I build But then hard times come, oh and how It makes me feel as if I needs, a Lowenbrau No I ain't gon' never seek refuse in booze I find the Gods and crews, seekin plumskinzz to bruise Up somethin lovely kickin game, no shame GREAT shape got me GREAT date but untamed You never knows, where goes my hand next Suprise, I'm in your plumskin Spandex Lust for lust-ful got me lustin Honies ask for it, but then they start bustin Want ya, need ya, but don't wanna seed ya Baby listen close, and follow this procedure You feel my peachfuzz while I rub your plumskin But before you go you know we gotta get somethin start-ed, pump-kin, pie I promise to lick ya til your well runs dry By the fruit you bare I guess you got spoon In my room I search some this Fruit of my Loom I never touch young bright them plums til they reach age (Oooh-ahh plumsauce baby food is Subroc stage) Don't think I ain't good when I'm gooder Don't think I won't when I woulda I save plums in lump sums because I may want it soon Damn I wouldn't want my plum to turn prune Unless it be all that, be all that It won't matter, just black sweet ones come fatter I'm kinda, kinda picky with my fruit mix But always fix fat drums in the batter They say you must, must share a little plum I say, "With that idea kid, you're dumb" I play the role, play the role, kinda shy And keep the concept to unbutton the fly The question, my oh my, any left for thy shore? I pick fresh fruit, plus vick 'em galore Raw as can be, I can be much more adore my sweet gift shot like Quickdraw McGraw It's plenty much, plenty much to go round I weigh 'em by the hand, take 'em by the pound Maybe I slap big, bot-tom round But if now, sit tight, I just might hound you down Things that make you go "Mmmmm" Taste a sugarplum, use your mouth, go "Mmmmm" If you ain't already been, yo catch me with a finnicky grin And you should know, like Flynn I'm in for those plumskinzz 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm squishin up a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm rubbin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm goin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	And when I'm grabbin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm ?? on the plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm lickin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm nibblin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When you're pickin up the plums (Ya don't stop!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Earthquake, Kurious Album: Black Bastards Song: Smokin' That Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Why do you keep smoking that shit? Why will you keep smoking that shit?  Why??? Why??? Why do you keep smoking that shit?" Aight, check it out yo, check it out yo I'ma flip yo, check it out - bust it [Zev Love X] I connect to spots like connect-the-dots From the lower Eastside, to way up top I got a map to express on the 6, I found you Where they got the raw dog smoke at Soundview Now, two licks damnit, do you understand? Nuff respect to the dread man or I'ma dead man I ain't no fake man for the red hand It's just my warmth and with instructions from Redman whomever I step to, remove the Phillie {?} Cause I used to know this bitch and it killed her (that bitch is dead) I'm smokin that shit, cause I got a thousand jokes Like puttin your moms in the yoke cause she broke some choke Bitch, you're blowin up the spot, be out Yo either get some dough, or get the fuck down South with your bitch-ass son, and tell him throw up his dukes So I can spend his lunch loot at noop noop [Kurious] Check it I do the hip, hop, the hibby, the hibby dibby Kurious the too-fly magician, never givin these niggaz a piece of my pie, cause yo my shit is fat Just like my pockets your girl's titties is flat So when the bitch slid in correct with the funk from the big bra I kindly reply, with a smile, aiyyo chill hooooot damn Uh uh uh, I'm so sorry Umm, eat your tits, cause them shits is from Somalia Check it out, on the one to the two It's some shit from the zoo, it's the C.M. crew Now from the cocks with the blocks on the street or the goat With the 40, the glocks, the Phillie and the smoke Just like George Bush is the type to drop bombs George Kemprias will smoke scarm wit'cha moms Throw a 50 yard pass, with a afro pick to Steve, Earthquake, stop smokin that shit [Earthquake] I keep my gun out my holster, I'm wanted on the poster Cause I shot the sheriff who knocked the cherry off my shoulder He tried to get cute, so Earthquake, had to erase him And place him, in America's Top Ten, like Casey Kasem I tracked him, an actor, with no sense of humor If you heard I fell off nigga, it's only just a rumor So step the fuck back, 'fore you get your shit cracked I had to think up a plan, so now I'm fat like that 280 pounds of pure funk, and no junk I snatch a ho bitch up, just like Dave, did The Chipmunks Kid I'm rough tough, strong enough to call your bluff Handcuff your wife up, while your bitch, give me a buff I do run run run, I do run the MC's The king of rap, you don't believe me? Believe these! Def rhymes on wax, don't call me, send a fax I slam hard like Anthrax, so turn it up to the max STOP! You're pinchin my nerves, with rap slurs I do my best herb, now it's time to get served So suck my dick, I don't smoke that shit I don't want this shit, so you flip the script You know I'm on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT You know I'm on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT I'm always always on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT Yeah I'm on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT [Verse Four] Stop smokin that shit, 'fore you get killed You know the flavor my man, so just chill Now hold your head up and hold your head high Stop smokin the dust, you just might die Relax your mainframe, the bolder gets paid And you won't have no motherfuckin {?} As you know, I'm on the microphone to make you all know that shit that you smoke will make you mad broke I don't give a fuck about you and your crew I'm not too love sick, drink that brew I'm a nasty Jew I don't solve mysteries, never wearin Lees I got the motherfuckin S.I. to be, where it seed So pack up, my man I went out of breath I got asthma on the side, take it on to the left So stop smokin that shit my man And I'm out, see ya later, so kick the can [Subroc] I drink Colt 45 and talk in mad jive You know I stay alive, my niggaz stay alive Easy on the smoke, I don't really feel like tokin I gotta save some breath for this bitch I be strokin Everyday I make a nigga get right Jealous-ass, pussy-ass nigga can't fight I'm in my new disguise, feedin pigeons Ducks, any bird, and bond's my word (word is bond) I make gadgets, illy, ill toys that kill Sleep on me, you'll get a sleepin pill Pin that nigga, down right on the mat (bang!) If you ain't my nigga, don't reach for no gat Slap, right to the head I'm blitzed to whip that ass, {?} style, dead Y'knahmsayin? [Outro] SMOKIN THAT SHIT Yeah, c'mon - SMOKIN THAT SHIT You see a nigga you know - SMOKIN THAT SHIT My man you're cold - SMOKIN THAT SHIT Kurious Jorge I know you're not - SMOKIN THAT SHIT Zev Love what you doin? SMOKIN THAT SHIT Stop SMOKIN THAT SHIT, stop SMOKIN THAT SHIT Hahaha, smokin that motherfuckin shit! Word up, yeah yeah, smokin that shit Smokin that motherfuckin shit, you're motherfuckin right Put the fuckin pipe down!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Contact Blintz Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * this album was only released promotionally (bootlegs do exist though) 	Keep on, you gotta keep on, you gotta keep on! (Repeat 2x) [Zev Love X] You gota to keep on, the break of dawn shit Smoking cancer sticks, and you don't quit We'll never never know retore bit No "What's up X?" The O.E. alcohol I satill get paid and I write albums Sip the coke rums, loop the trope drums Thirst it down, plums I think of stunts are dunce My rap labelmates? They all smoke blunts! We're on this tour once, bus was all full >From Albequerqe to like Acapolco See, it was Lord J, Sadat, Alamo Busta and myself, in the back with the O.O.Z. Deep in Cali near the valley where we saw the rains Sess is the best till all it settles in the brain And if you ever did, God forbid you did Get on that bus and do a red eye to Alex Kidd Word biz, had the whole crew relazing Boogie Brown with the box, booming new tracks and Quest wants a stogie, he told some to ask Dinco He had one more, to best 'em down, now A keep ??? a push by the backside Sneaks hit the blacktop, damn I hate that flat top Just then the bus driver had the nerve to To say "Stop the smoke" he curving and swerving He popped junk like the sea sick sales of fuss Not like we got top post like on that De La bus This was a Greyhound, the bunks were open  So fuck it, let the motherfucker overdose We puffed his luck, he wasn't bullshittin The next L was litten and hitten, so now he quittin' We couldn't stand to stay in San Jose Plus we had a show in L.A. that same day He said he'd take us down but he had to shake us down For 5 yards, between the guards that's might trife Mad heads make mad forwns no might like Let's ask Busta, wanna rim his white wife? Planning to hitchhike, a six-oh, one switch Forces in our midst, on the bust, the boy is one bitch Niggas got edgy like a knife Dedicating niggas delight to my man and his wife You might think that's a bitch, because here's the shit But only one week in Gotham a show at the Ritz 	And you don't quit, til the last Philly is split 	Get a buzzed bus driver over the contact blintz 	And you don't quit, til the last Philly is lit 	Get a buzzed bus driver over the contact blintz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: Gimme Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com (Check check run it) (Uunh, put a little more bass in the bassline) Give it here! (5x) [Subroc] Here we go here we go Give me a girl if not I'll still pull it Gimme a tek 9 millemeter full 'em bullets Gimme like eight quarters for every buck Gimme three feet I swing to fast and duck You suck I give ya gutter balls if you plan strikes cause I'm the pin hitter, skinner of my likes You get it all back and a big bunch of PSYCHES First gimme props and double check 'em like Nikes I be an old man if ya judge by my thoughts Gimme none of those I take no shorts, um If in case ya stop flippin Gimme now take it back and let ya Waltz Whitman Gimme guidline and gimme my toast You pronounce tomato I pro the nouns tomahto Yo black that's my cheese don't touch it it's Nachos I'm a dog every day I taste el gatos Gimme good eats and don't think to pork it I gots a plank and I'll make your mother walk it Don't talk shit New York I stalk it Gimme reason to shut your mouth my fist'll caulk it What ya got? [Subroc] (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) [Subroc] Well welcome me back like my man Cotter If not, I'll leave ya flat broke with nada Cause I gotta keep my style flexin' like areobic Gimme elbow room I'm crazily close to phobic Gimme a doo-rag for my hair I'll give ya a ten foot pole Touch it, it's up your rear I hear a sequence, gimme so I can tell a tattle-teller Now shut your mouth while I speak it accapella I'm the yellow maraca medium brown tone I do what I feel cause child I'm grown Gimme no canola rock oils Gimme alot of loot and I still won't straighten my nappy coils You won't gimme alot of loot? (What!?) I'll give ya alot of lumps My fist'll raise ya and give ya razor bumps Never did like chumps They brought me mad grumps With a grudge, I don't budge like tree trunks I been a bad ass since I's a child Throws me in jail, I got the nail file Gimme a roti for my collibre Trade it to me, yes you should worry, alot What ya got? [Subroc] (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang [Subroc] I'm like a IRS ready to tax someone So when you see me comin come and dreadin' Hold up a big tight fist for power to blacks Gimme a choo choo train for my bad ass tracks Gimme a kite or it might be a head I fly Gimme a old record and kiss that shit goodbye Double or not I want it back Chance it black If it nice roll the dice... Ya got a six, five and a four But the rat-a-tatter in my pocket says I don't think so Give it up (give it here) Whatcha got? Reach grab ya get elbowed or speed knot Gimme a frame I'll put it around you So 5-0s and all my folks can hound you Disrespect my boys will surround you Smack you up, black you up, pound you Down the drain like they is pain Ya can't stand me if ya can't stand the rain Hail earthquakes or thunder So if I knock ya off don't wonder No wonder what ya got [Subroc] (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang [Subroc] ...Yo if you don't know the time by now...yo check the clock, yeah yeah check the clock, yeah yeah now get on your knees next to my balls and BOX! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Black Bastards Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * this album was only released promotionally (bootlegs do exist though) 	"I ain't black, I ain't white!" (Repeat 12x) [Zev Love X] Well I'm a be a pleaser, if I had skeezer I'd put skeezers stacked up like ice cubes in my freezer I'd rather live to be an old geezer, O.E. squeezer Any times I need a stress easer Like Ebeneezer Scrooge I'm rude, my batting average is huge Making street kids like Quaker with the goods For as a monkey spits, I never gots the shits Some rappers is faking, they silicon tits with plastic nipples Pass the ripple, or anything sippable Except for plum juice, the plums ??? Slip and slide, the next thing they say is we're with pit Who's to flip? Who's the bitch to get fucked by a clip? Ask Tyson, he knows about a hoe is rotten juice Want fifteen cent, and burning like a loose I take it to the grudge match, and she made my budget budge Kick ehr in her snatch, and drown her in some fudge I judge trees by the fruits and the deepness of the roots Hard pack, and rats, chewing fruits of the roots Some are coming bums, some zoot suit apparel Either way to wreck shop, lock, stock, and barrel Shirts I get ??? some dump especially when I hump Get dough by the lump sum then hops get the jump Sip wine in the dump, rowdy ways of any state When I roll, bounce, rock, skate Life will concentrate, concentration Location's Strong Island, most skeezers on strike like Penn Station If you don't believe me, kid come, I'll show you We'll nurse the black bastards who act like they know you They say 'What up black?" I say "What up?" I'm taking you black Has to be hard they way they master how to act black Give my monkey slack, a funky track, still wack, you're black You suck, you're too black, get your back 	"Ya black bastard!" [Some ragga toaster] Ayo, yo bum raga a la You ain't nothing but a dumb black bastard, man Your mama was a bastard, and your daddy, too [Zev Love X] Yo black, yo black, I'm back ransacking through the stacks Of maniacial thoughts I brought to distort the black Of mistakes of somthing, so Zev says "Keep 'em slum" Styles to dough, rum is on my right Of black bastards and bitches, which reminds me, I left them out Two on my list of shit I don't give a fuck about Smokes an artist and a butcher wears a smock Like a butcher I gots beef with a a looptie for my cock Call me a carpenter from how a brick my lumber got Some now they try yard and black bumba clot it was a lover's birthday party, a block from the spot On stage I heard some off-beat "Lick shots, lick shots!" Well goddamn, guess who, looking bitchy as hell Parker Lewis, well well, I brings an L I gave him a "Beep beep" look, he acted like he couldn't tell I guess that was the sucker in him, ready sense of smell The door said it was insane, the price to maintain The damage has to be hard the way they master how to act like Or off the funky track to rock the house that can bang As we sat with curiosity and sipped champagne See I became undergorund like the life in the street The love of the beat, large is the fleet That will remain underground for all my boys who souls sleep Six feet deeper than the soles of my feet it's like that, never the wack, and actual fact It's like this, sweet as a kiss, I've simply got the knack I've thought I've seen the worst with the pimps and the macks The blacks in skull caps, suckers keep popping that 	"I ain't black, I ain't white!" (Repeat 12x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: It Sounded Like a Roc Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Subroc] There it is there it is boy Oh yeah There it is there it is buddy Aaah yeah Yeah yeah they seem to know the time but um let's see... [Subroc] It's my thing yo it's my thing the way I swing Not even an orangutang can hang on my DING-DING Saved by the bell rang I talk, yell, whisper, mumble street slang with no doubt you Tumble if I flip don't make me shout with my vocal lip A hiphugger, I'll mug ya, if fun to know Slow and steady wins a race I keeps a steady pace In a chase, I'm bookin, cookin feet don't fail me 5-0's can't see me, catch me to jail me Walk the plank, ya damn dime droppers Snitches get stitches, why oh why does my trigger finger itches? Corrupt, I follow my nose it always knows it Open the draw bridge close it close it A doo doo lyric I snuck in cause I chose it Long ding-a-ling dong there big booties grows it Up (Up!) up and away, we go across the border To Mexico, suck my toe Doo doo browns my color No water down, no cut A jewel to a fool is like pearls to big butt Swine, I strut on the sidewalk and don't touch the line Escalate never decline I'm gonna get mine, don't try to take mine No my kneecaps ain't blacker than my black behind The bush, I touch tush So beware of the grin of my evil eyeball glare I's a wiseguy yeah a smartalec Like it or kiss me where the sun don't shine like metallic KA-BLAOW! "It sounded like a rock" (3x) (They thought I didn't know) "It sounded like a rock" [Subroc] One double 9 tre, dumbells I lift it Just for the taste of it coke I won't sniff it Ya party pooper, you never stop my frontings I guess he owns a "dust ya" I run things Popcorn mama you can sniff my sock I's a hard headed nigga My head is (like a rock) so So leave me B, boy I'll be boppin' When I chug-a-lug alone it ain't no stoppin' hoppin' Skin to skin, now I must stall Jimmy hats ain't even made like rubbermaid, at all If I be over stressed over tryin under arms Cooking like onions, you'll be crying Boo-hoo-hoo but I gets the hooray From sunrise to sunset for days All in the Kool-aide, don't know the flavor Taste buds shot, waistlines duds I love to slama on bad ass behavior Call me Sub, I roll underground like C.H.U.D.s Cease with the wack, I'm never ever booty over that I got my cootie shots for the cootie for the body The hottie, I might use Karate Snap back 15 minutes I'll be off duty KA-BLAMM "It sounded like a rock" (4x) [Zev Love X] Its a break Zev love X and Subroc for ninety tre crew massive deep Constipated monkeys deficating that old hard shit, and ya don't quit [Subroc] It sounded like a what? It sounded like a boulder It sounded like a Land yo slide up over I need my room, to huff and puff These bastards be soft like marshmellow fluff Step up, wrong move you catch a back smack Or a blackout, so be out black Let's play catch, a bad one ya caught it I'll take your thumping heart and smote it Then I grab my wood(my dick) grab my rope Over there ya got that same ole shit, here ya don't Oh no you don't, gimme that black Now you sing the blues while your eye's black Don't need to flaunt, no need to front I see right through, you very blunt Add the two nonchalant, I do what I want If I be ghost, expect me back to haunt KA -BLAWW "It sounded like a rock" (4x) [Zev Love X] ...Constipated monkeys doo-doo! Dropping shit like that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Plumskinzz Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this song was also the b-side to a "Mr. Hood" twelve inch [Zev Love X] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.. Uhhhhh, uhhhhh, uhh uhh uhh uhh uhh.. Sho' nuff as the 7-11 wins I's in for Plumskinnz from begin (like when?) A rooster a-booster, vickin all the hens (with a grin) Thick chicks, but even sticks got friends (least ten) Up high, the up high I'm covered with the innocent fuzz from the peaches says the streets (hit the toe) Down low on the down low I know the right juice from the darkest fruits got roots (a superhoe) Mind wanderin, mind playin tricks I want Nestle Quik picks my best of games to kicks Tongue tied up, tongue tied up confidin Thinkin if I could I'll stoop to trickin ?? Beware the grocer when ya crush em with your thumbs though (oh?) See no grocer wants bruised plums yo (so?) Once bruised one time, 'tis forgotten And once the plums is rotten, the skinzz'll cut your gums At the corner store a sign reads, "For Sale: Plumskinzz Fruit Cocktail" Only ones runnin to the corner is pale males Open all night, the corner plumskinzz is stale Back to the honeyplum that's swift with gift And if the plum is pit I guess I'll just plead fifth I'll say sweet young, from your ?? have some You got some peach(fuzz),  ("Yeah you know me!") well I'm down with O.P.Plumskinzz Don't drool with all the juice you dribble Scribble the beeper code, so the X can gets a nibble Trust, just, in case you're asked why behind my buttonfly is a fruit fly, huntin for those plumskinzz 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm checkin for the plums) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm lickin on the plums) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm eatin on the plum) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(Like suckin on a plum) ya don't stop [Onyx] Since last we spoke I cried about Teddy Ruxpin And me myself, in a dream, pimpin in a tux and uhh now that the toys in my bed hit the edges Skinzz'll be smoked like, Benson and Hedges Legs over ledges, I'm over heels over heels, five-nine is the result of how I build But then hard times come, oh and how It makes me feel as if I needs, a Lowenbrau No I ain't gon' never seek refuse in booze I find the Gods and crews, seekin plumskinzz to bruise Up somethin lovely kickin game, no shame GREAT shape got me GREAT date but untamed You never knows, where goes my hand next Suprise, I'm in your plumskin Spandex Lust for lust-ful got me lustin Honies ask for it, but then they start bustin Want ya, need ya, but don't wanna seed ya Baby listen close, and follow this procedure You feel my peachfuzz while I rub your plumskin But before you go you know we gotta get somethin start-ed, pump-kin, pie I promise to lick ya til your well runs dry By the fruit you bare I guess you got spoon In my room I search some this Fruit of my Loom I never touch young bright them plums til they reach age (Oooh-ahh plumsauce baby food is Subroc stage) Don't think I ain't good when I'm gooder Don't think I won't when I woulda I save plums in lump sums because I may want it soon Damn I wouldn't want my plum to turn prune Unless it be all that, be all that It won't matter, just black sweet ones come fatter I'm kinda, kinda picky with my fruit mix But always fix fat drums in the batter They say you must, must share a little plum I say, "With that idea kid, you're dumb" I play the role, play the role, kinda shy And keep the concept to unbutton the fly The question, my oh my, any left for thy shore? I pick fresh fruit, plus vick 'em galore Raw as can be, I can be much more adore my sweet gift shot like Quickdraw McGraw It's plenty much, plenty much to go round I weigh 'em by the hand, take 'em by the pound Maybe I slap big, bot-tom round But if now, sit tight, I just might hound you down Things that make you go "Mmmmm" Taste a sugarplum, use your mouth, go "Mmmmm" If you ain't already been, yo catch me with a finnicky grin And you should know, like Flynn I'm in for those plumskinzz 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm squishin up a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm rubbin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm goin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	And when I'm grabbin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm ?? on the plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm lickin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm nibblin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When you're pickin up the plums (Ya don't stop!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: Constipated Monkey Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com Motherfucking cause! Ah! Represent! FUCK that! Who the FUCK is you, nigga? X bastard, representing! This is how we swing this shit For the CMR Bust it [Zev Love X] Zev loves to rock the venue then See you never be you in fact glad I never been you Scratched of the menu I continue with the yellup so props might develop From the duels no clues to head swellas I dwell uptown It's like a jungle I'm immune to the fever though Whoopsy daisy never lazy so I heave-ho Whippin shit like devo, whip it good (That thang!) Whipping shit like Elmer Fudd and Mr. Fudd slang Listen to my guitar twang as I sang A long flow and my songs blowin blowin Blowin up like a granade serenade I'm into win bitch Locked on the mic like vice-grips to the shwinn's (of the) feet seat pole from when I used to pop a wheely You can get the props if you can top my illy silly wierd old pro rap style Ran see ya clap while I'm the finger snap child, ritz will give me daps (And now my nail file, thanks I'll bake it in a cake) And I'mma send it upstate for all my niggaz makin wieght You see I take none slack Rhymes and track is mack Zev Love X-Lax a brown man not a A black bastard I'm stringin 'em up stringin 'em up higher Than the '86 Nikes on the wire (Right outside my rest love) I don't suggest taste testing if you can't digest and I quote: "Zev with cess, God damn God blessed I wrote" I tote Disks, Dats, Gatts and Bats And vote no to canine, feline, rats and double drats (I always hear 'em sayin) Foiled again by that maniacal madman He wraps like seran wrap can a leg of lamb (So shit's wrapped up) X makes hits like a (Pimp's hoes is smacked up) All cracked up so constantly actin' up Constipated monkeys got shit backed up Get it? (Being said while K.M.D.is talking) Black constipated monkey (3x) Black constipated (9x) Black constipited So don't sweat it We don't play (We don't play that bullshit and catch a bullet) And parlet , nigga (Yo the Nigga tried to pull it on 'em) (...Yeah on some shit) [Subroc] What is you stupid make my voice deeper... Aight next track (Yo yo lay back into that next shit) [Zev Love X] I need some mutherfuckin cess on my chest so I can Run around like I had a bulllet proof vest on, uh Black, black Constipated monkey, constipated monkey Black constipated monkey, constipated monkey Black constipated monkey, black constipated monkey, black constipated monkey, constipated monkey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ H20, CMOB Album: Black Bastards Song: Fuck Wit Ya Head Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Ha Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah We in the B room...I wish I had the A room... KMD H2o and this is how we go ("I don't really know but somebody said some musical rhythms can fuck wit ya head") [H2O] Original recipe but not from Kentuky Bunch of nilla ass niggaz throwing bolos like Rocky Pass the ism and watch a nigga get risen Witcha pen to the pad I fuck ya head up with this rythm, um With the fat shit that make your fuckin hat flip (Back)I can do the boogaloo black and then the full split Swingin the f with H20 and K.M.D. Comin crazy mad looped for the ninteen nine three So tap the bottom of my forty and then pass it I'd like to take this time to say peace to the masses We kicks the shit to put the rump in your trunk cause We got the funk we got it We got the funk and don't forget it Taste the terror in ya area so check it Gets more wreck than Larry Davis undetected So pass the philly so a nigga can get red By the way some shit can fuck wit ya head ("Some musical rhythms can") (Back up! Back up!) [Zev Love X] Step back you dilly stunts I'm illy more than once a day I'm rollin phily blunts till I'm really a silly dunce So don't fuck around The X ain't glued tight Oh yeah I'll tell ya somethin, your drums aint cued right I write with the crude light beam from a street lamp It's under the cherry moon To me that's a cheap tramp The drips from the bottle gettin hit from the back, kid The OE poster model gettin stuck like thumbtacks did sticker I'm sicker than the black plauge I'm quicker To fuck wit ya head like hard liquor, ooiiee Cold spin the U-ey, teks out the hatchback Gooey be the bastards, punch buggy black attack I wish to be, rich like daddy But when I bite into a york pepperment patty I'm batty I'm needing new frontier to conquor cause in rap there's more toys than Tonka Like a tumor or a rumor I'm finna spread Somebody said, some musical rhythms can fuck wit ya head I don't really know but... Somebody said ? fuck wit ya head! Check it out check it out check it out check it out Fuck wit ya head! Check it out, check it out, check it out, who's next nigga, time out [CMOB] DL DL! That's my name don't wear it out And all do respect, but get my dick out your mouth Your fiending your fiendin so I hit you with these dope Rhymes that I eject with the levels of the smoke The boom to the dome when a physical reacts I'm stronger than co-cocaine I mean crack Not condonin the usage of drugs, or drug abuse The positive brothers with a charge, who needs a boost? I pop mad shit cause there's enough to go around I stay on the DOWN with a chick cross town So all ya bitch take ya pills if ya know what's real And if ya know what's real, all ya bitch take ya pills I kick the fat shit, and make it hard to handle If your bitin' on my dick, it makes you a cannibal Never simplistic, always realistic No you can't hit this so don't try the fit this (Check it) Let me bust off and dust it down with cement Nigga from the 12 fuckin wit ya head I'll Check it out check it out check it out check it out, check it out, fuck wit ya head! I'll Check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out yo, fuck wit ya head! I'll check it out! Check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out yo, fuck wit ya head! I'll check it out, check it out, fuck wit ya head! [Subroc] Mr. Roc the cock blocker, bullet blocker With the tears I give ya fears I'm the eardrum knocka Villian, I knocked 'em out to the head I used the 'chete so he didn't pull the bullet instead He knew I was the man standin there He ran with fear, and I troubled there I take ya girl NIGGA Ya jealous NIGGA I got the fellas and we're all runnin triggas Me and my black rugged time machine I bury kids, teleport to dream Have a seat yeah, sit right there In the electric chair, so I'll cut off ya hair Be out, no you can't get no cash back Ya get the back smack, yes my boys crack on ya ass Let me just slow down time And make some musical rhythms that fuck wit ya mind Check it out check it out Fuck wit ya head! ..Fuck wit ya head! Check it out! Fuck wit ya head! ... "Musical rhythms can fuck wit ya head!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Suspended Animation Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * this album was only released promotionally (bootlegs do exist though) 	"You know what?" 	"Suspended animation, the grey  	 expansion casting shadows over the sun" (Repeat 2x) [Zev Love X] I get bust and you never hear a word flinch I nerve pinch, cause I've been smoking herb since I've been splitting blunts, I lick 'em then I spit once It's nasty, shit tastes like cancer in my tounge and front I'm fired up, I gots to get riled up I've been sober since the last one dried up So light up, get the Philly broke, smoke a toke Light up, cause when I pull, I pull until I choke Like *coughs* and that's the only shit I'm choking Ducking hookers, saying "Yo why you be buying?" I'm fucking stuck in (suspended animation) for one I'm done Casting shadows over the sun for fun I got hen to keep the chicken heads roasted This should be boosting until I hear some Whitney *crazy singing* Houston So bitch hit the blunt and lose the Triple Fat Goose and You're high dealer, even if it say scheming Play some jams with some motherfucking bass in it! 	"Suspended animation, the grey  	 expansion casting shadows over the sun" 	"I'm alright now cause the sensimilla fill me" - KRS (Repeat 8x)  "I want to get high, so high" (Repeat 4x) 	"Hit the weed spot to be blessed by Buddha" - Biz Markie (Repeat 2x)  "Casting shadows over the sun" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ MF Grimm Album: Black Bastards Song: What a Niggy Know? (Remix) Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com Lazy nigga! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning and felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning and felt the burden of his na-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! [Zev Love X] Check, sup do Yeah, check it out check it out Check it, buss it, peep it, check it I'm on the low like a sneaky ass nigga X the unseen comin' like the night nigga So start panicking Imma crack this Heinekin Suckas is froze like manaquin so no shananegan, bucko I'm rugged like stone face to stucco So fuck it! The mic is in my knuckles so I keeps my fist full of profits My grip is on my pistol in pocket Niggaz be blowin' but be annoyin' like whistle rockets This one goes out to all you suckas: you don't know me I never O.D. on my diet of codine and OE X imbezelin fat checks and cash is okay Fuckin with the system like a rash but I don't say out loud I read my hit list while I check shit A nigga never lived to hear me diss him on no record The month's up I watched the (*fucker?*) bleed for seven days The body autopsy said he was killed in seven ways Nowadays tell me what lady don't get it Listen to BLS you just might catch radio edit I got the good news so watch the happy story end like Colin Fergussen or Jack Kavorkian and you don't quit I saw the thunder and heard the lightning and felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning and felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! [MF Grimm] (Sittin on the train like half past midnight) Who will survive in World War Three? (None!) Who got a style that come close to me? (None!) Niggaz screamin battle who steps to me? (None!) To all you fakers, it's time to meet your maker Raps incarceration of a threat to population Blowing MCs in a yardless, heartless center isolation raise a rattle With recreational mental meditation World War Three, it's me So man your battle station The reaper lyrics are way beyond the limits of human endurance (Yeah!) The rapper called star shot down for insurance (Bang!) I keep the ugly rhymes in the celler of my cranium Where no one can see them or hear cries for freedom Chopped up raw thoughts the only thing I feed 'em Release the beats from the celler when I need 'em Dwell underground like C.H.U.D., love letters Wrinkled paper bags, ink and blood I gotta slay ways of jealous I defeat Dodge bullets blue sparks flowin off the fuckin concrete Even if it's not your beef you are stressed cause bullets go homeless And homeless need a place to rest So where's your heaven and hell G? Because your Marcus Wellby will not be able to sew That hole in your chest and back Often looks like a car, it's kitted Piped and tinted, and also painted triple black (Ding!) Sad songs to your saviour to sacrifice your soul to prayers failed (Sorry) Cause God moved like a snail so death prevails Your deader than a doornail Lips blue, skin pale, all hail GRIMM! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning and felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning and felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monsta Island Czars (M.I.C.) Album: Escape From Monsta Island Song: 1,2 1,2 Typed by: dejesus02@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist 1,2 1,2 Kongcrete, the most hideous Check it, check it, check it Smoking hash, leave an open ash, broken stash, floating fast, lifted Calm with the broken glass slur board, nasty nigga fucked Bertha Insert her further than murder, pulled out then squirt her Out for murder, out for murder, murder Out for murder, pull a squeezed then hurt her Out for Cheddar piece of cheese when in doubt love Took Alicia Keys in and out love eight nine Hate all hate all fakes you call cross fate Find your body at your girls weight walking Create comment when I start to spit Y'all niggaz spit conformant, conformant Study every religion there is rythym for kids Deadly as venom as this him or his friends of his I'm like a guinnea pig with a skinny snitch hear me big Like a penny-rich, hear me bitch, ready to let you see me spit Here he is, is he really sick or is he really picked To see the vic or is he really dead for what he did Let the machette riffs spaghetti drip ready, get set, ready go Ready to rock with steady flow to let you know we ready to go Is he heavy? Is he petty? I was hungry shorty very yo, for heavy dough I need some heavy dro, Megalon in your stereo Ready to shoot the heady yo Yo! Lyrics with def rap this side of a letter bomb, yo Megalon Pass that Megatron, guys on a hunt like a Predacon Smoking cedarwood trees from Lebanon Facist sprites just on MTV terrorist threats looped on a MPC Travel at a hundred eighty-six thousand kilobytes per second, downloaded on the MP3 1995 Long Island high-styled in the MPB Monsta Island escaped from MCC By any means, many fiends his team to toast teens Toast the scenes for the hos to scream mostly seen Bruvee avoided get at me Veluciani 'hind me Bahama taki busting shots with Gulianni bust back I squeeze rapping niggaz Y'all been acting like it can happen My Mack 10 make big niggaz' backspin what happened? Is that so? Tommy Brasco stacked overnight flow my abstract flow for cash flow Turned cocaine to crack and turned crack to blow now how the fuck that go? I'm gonna fuck that ho, the white ho and the black ho Lay on your back ho, they made the track slow so I could rap slow Tommy mack hos Yo, yo, my gun is like my girl cuz I don't wanna let my GAT go I sold crack fast now I sell crack slow In the back on the low, if you ain't got no dough Come to the back door, I'll give you a full pack at four Rock rap shows, LB on the map when I blow R&B rap takes it in the ass-crack slow At my last show I snatched gold Black Jesus, its a black Christmas now picture black snow Hey yo we calculate the sands of time in slo-mo Manipulating every moment through space Metabolize the seeds of wealth and let the dough flow Commiting the acts of violence and hate crimes against the po-po Double barrelled hand-held bazooka for sargent shipbays If you want to start frying like E-Robo Blaze that bush whether your mary jane is def or even if it's so-so Teasing bitches with ice cubes on their nipple, keep them playing with their yo-yo Athletic pussy like Lisa Leslie and Rebecca Lobo Rock the show from uptown, downtown to Tribeca, Soho Most of these rappers are R&B singers like K.C. and Jo-Jo Better off harmonizing with Taj, Leigh Leigh and Coco Thesbian thugs, niggaz is all mouth like the Rolling Stones logo Bianca Jagger, free jacker, jacking me off in a go-go Stuffed down their throats spitting completely bobo Keeping it groovy without the synthetic fucking mojo Got the spot kicking like a donkey locked up inside a dojo Smacked Ralph Lauren, got Tommy Hilfiger picking cotton and rocking Polo Is that so? Niggaz straight lifted, Bring the bisket, bring the bitches, bring their motherfucking statistics Bring their death certificates, Um don't forget the four blocks, peace to Fort Knox where the four stops The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monsta Island Czars Album: Escape from Monster Island Song: Sumthin to Prove (RODAN) Typed by: metalflower@aol.com [GODZILLA] "It's Rodan The attack started at 11 o'clock And now he has destroyed everything in the city. Leaders have called out their defenses. There's no doubt...this is the same Rodan who comes from Monster Island." 'WHAT'S GONE WRONG WITH HIM?' [RODAN] Fuck the intro  Yo keep crowds hailing me like a taxi Learned that it's more to life Than bustin gats B How the fuck you gonna blast  You's a laugh like Andy Kaufman Reading from the Great Gatsby relax G Get gassed up let your lungs collapse B Collect my whole gross income Cuz my galactic rap status is tax-free Wiley coyote rhymers cop your wack raps from the factory at acme Just the facts B Urban dragnet supreme architects Servin Dialect Bell curve side effect Caucus asian latter years Coconut almond spiced bacardi dark No taste for flatter beers Frontin with your mouth open Let me empty out my bladder here Blowin like John Faddis Atomic air traffic blackin out your stratosphere Off the top of the locker  Cleats on the mic, kickin flows, ballin like soccer Slow niggas ramblin on and on incoherently like Chewbacca Used to be on the block corner snow rock betty crocker Chrome showin dome glowin blowin Jewels growin out the side of my crown chakra U a killa gorilla or a babbling baboon? Part time wack rhyming no bottom line circus rappin buffoon  on some pop shit like a balloon Carrots paper quest to stay fresh Stuck in the gay lifestyle switchin like mae west Wise winds from the East squeezing at the beast and stray wests Gods locked down do the science and let the day bless In jail ain't nothing to do but  Work out, jerk off, go to war, play chess What's your degree? Cop a plea, change your story like the weatherman? Whatever man, you ain't fly like Rodan,  U fly like peter pan  Then never, never land Move mountains in telekinetic mode  Skate the straight and narrow  Floating over your pathetic road Rhymes written in genetic codes Flightpope Ro perched atop Five pillars of Hip Hop Aesthetic soul C'mon [JAMES BROWN] "That's Bad Man, that is bad, bad, bad. He ain't never done, that been never  done on a record before. That's bad brother, that is bad...let me...believe me!" [RODAN] Yo Peace While I rest in this pigeon whose back I'm diggin Til judgment day I be my own Lord Self-Preservation be my religion Fly in the fastest lane chosen Wings protected like safe sex in a latex Trojan Skiing uptown'll leave your brain frozen Gat explosion leave warm blood flowin Internal organs exposing Correlation to the cosmos Urban legends up the block Street theologians Headline a bill throw a jewel at your grill Black steel bring the heat like military fire drills Drop a bombshell for real Units move half a mil With or without a record deal Still give these crab industry en vogue muthafuckas Something they could feel Aviator wristwear elevator textiles Imported Timberlands from Switzerland Scuffing up your reptiles Niggas ain't my Sun, Gods treat you like a stepchild Take your booty wack sex style flush it in the cess pile Marathon lyrics corny critics can't run the next mile Abandoned outcasts and exile Never seen again, tossed or lost into the X-Files Sold luther that 9 milli luger attack the mic Like a cougar geeked up Got phony thugs scared to speak up Make a niggas balls freeze up Lay parallel to concrete sprayin caps Tearing your knees up 2000 years we reappear Change the earthly worldly ways Ancient of days  Come to show the blind god  In the form of a man That is worthy of praise Investigate doctrines  High awareness through my lifetime Social issues that incite crimes Make a generation of scholars live  Existence between the white lines No more sniffin sayin fuck a 9 to 5 Now all I do is fuck and write rhymes DJs scratch the wax like shaved balls Rabblerouse the pop dog like rebel slave calls Navigate the southern state like maze halls Chain shinin medallion swingin like stalactites on cave walls Bounce the rhythm like a tambourine Step up on the scene with a monster theme and a third world dream Impale bubblegum rap stars on microphones infected with gangrene Deconstruct contemporary pop culture to reinvent my own mainstream C'mon [JAMES BROWN] "Yeah, brotha, I tell you brothaman. What you got there, you know what? We got a  thing...u know what?" [RODAN] Yo my name was Rodan before the wack Godzilla blockbuster My name was Rodan before stellar dust collected into the first star cluster Set up shop at the pearly gates  Move a ounce while defending 'em Cherubim on the Mic Lyrically descended from Big Daddy Kane and Rakim & 'em Golden age legacy platinum writer A new era second millennium  Triple CD blazin up like three flavas of tropical weeds  When you blendin 'em Connect ghetto slums to heavens  Turn opposites to synonyms  Bend grammar like anti-matter  Distort the space-time rhyme continuum 5% rhetorical Prophecies like a oracle Bad luck to MCs like a kennedy Reach across infinity Reestablish my divinity Between me and the eternally great enmity Imagine a natural born enemy befriending me? Offendin me with what you pretend to be How the fuck you a killa with blatant homosexual tendencies? [JAMES BROWN] "That is unbelievable. That is unbelievable man. That's bad there! That's sho nuff bad there bro, you off into that one bro. I went through the  zone man, that's it, that's all I done. Now that's what's happening! That's  gonna be the bad one...>" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monsta Island Czars (Kamackeris) Album: Escape From Monsta Island! Song: Take Control Typed by: GregVersion2@yahoo.com So this is hip-hop kid? (Word) This is hip-hop? This bullshit son? (This ain't bullshit) All right, check it [Verse 1] We in it for twelve rounds, nothing less than ten yards We inspire the gods to bring t back now nigga Divine figure, mind twist tightly Style so superb that niggas wanna bite me Or fight me, that's unlikely See I'm swinging mad gems, magnifying your limbs You want more? Bring it And if I feel like heat I'm pumping two in your motor bitch, game over (nigga) Cause we ain't taking no shorts I'm the type of cat that got game on all courts Of all sorts, all sports, all American, all ghetto Walking these streets with all metal Y'all niggas can't fuck around, like brand new sound Punks jump up to get beat down And we thoroughly doing it Ain't nothing you can do to ruin it, we got this Kamackeris with King C, it's all about the beats bitch Blaze my tree You want money? Fuck the money You want power? Fuck the power You want respect? Fuck respect You want gold? Fuck that We take control You want money? Fuck the money You want power? Fuck the power You want respect? Fuck respect You want gold? [Verse 2] They said life is what you make it, please I know niggas with degrees with no cheese No trees, no ones, no funds Life is crazy hard even if you got a job Pray to God for the ??, the take over This is how it be 21st century Wild out, shooting, polluting the air that we breathing Hostile law enforcement even It's all visual, three-fifths divisible The media keeping it visible Radio don't even spin they own records Heavy rotation program directors, Of that nonsense, coming in you conscience Introducing the monsters The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Geedorah Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: Fazers Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com Follow the light ... the light is your guide ... I am controller of Planet X And I've invited you here to discuss something that's very important King Geedorah, take me to your leader Quick to claim that he not no snake like, "Me neither" They need to take a breather He been rhyming longer than Sigmund the sea creature Been on Saturday feature -- pleased to meet cha' And came to wake you up out the deep sleeper, like -- He needed to stop before he caught the knee-drop Even give you more zip-zip then ZZ Top On full beers, though shall not ball corners Geedorah like, "One more step, and y'alls goners" So-called rich, front if y'all wanna When he spit electrics don't be in y'all saunas He only here to warn us what the plan is The hour is upon us, it's bananas Born alone die alone, no matter who your man is Hope he live long enough to tell it to his grandkids King Geedorah, three-finger ring fever Spring chicken eater, ID'ed as the ringleader Who needs a heater? Catch 'em with bare hands These same hands that make razors out beer cans His own biggest fan And got a fan base as big as Japan Uh ... yeah ... and? All hail the king! And give him three cheers, fam Like, hip hip hooray! Do his thing for the little kids like Sling Blade To the grave, put in work like a slave On how to flip scripts on the dipstick brigade Rock 'em like "Su-su-sudio" played Back when we used to rock the shag, no fade This skilled trade like a tailor made suede Hit the studio -- and I'm paid Half upfront, half upon mastering "Would you like that in cash," last thing you should ask the king You don't have to be no crystal ball reader Allergic to salt pita, used to be a wall beater In the game like a Wall Street cheater A lot of rap noise is annoying like Cita Turn into a triple-X monster from a fairy tale movie He don't know me very well, do he? King Geedorah, crush on his seed's teacher They need to pay her better, she had nothing on the reefer Heifer, and I had to offer her a stick of gum She was as thick as they come, and taught a strict curriculum Which is only good for my son When I'm in the hood? Razor's on tongue Nowadays, it's amazing raising young Rule number one: keep your fazers on stun! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Geedorah (MF Doom) f/ Biolante Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: Fastlane Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Biolante] Fast lane! ...3, 2, 1, GO! [Biolante] Only God is judged, never plea the case Oh reason where is the truth, we can never erase I've fallen from Grace, black nor face Ounce of green smoke, jack wit no chase Peddle on the floor, thirsty for score, Fastlane Destination: top of the cash game See keep like a missle with mad aim You can't blame Missin spirits who campaign A mystery at most, universal most stee is hot Yup off in the knot Vision clear like a Hindu with the third eye dot We be wig...nah baby that's my word I got Nuff rhymes, tuff times try talkin to kids Who walk around thinkin that (God) doesn't forgive Life in the self is like a bid And if you scared to die then you scared to live Ain't it a shame dealin with the remain Hennesey on the brain, travel the plane [Biolante] Will the copy cats twist the def traps, bliss the sex raps Blind to jet black, the matters awake in response since came to life Singin a seance, escape the realm Bly swift like 'o' at, fake jacks a cast Catch two smacks, gentlemen relax Blaze trails that haven't been traveled in a while Scatter clues for those who equate the style [Biolante] Cruisin in the Lex out the window seat While I be trippin off the rhyme bop my head to the beat I can't speak on delirious mood swings True crowns, a helmed at the true kings Tell ya take it back straighten, money makin Light we sign awaken, idle mind oversaken No debatin on the vestle that we navigatin Gravitatin, schemin, leave 'em standin waitin Specialize in futuristic mental picture paintin We are slave to sick ways, I'm quenchin with thirst Gift of a new day they seem like a curse What we made, penetrate the charade The incision is barely felt from the sharpness of the blade Movin motionless through this masquerade Loomin in the dark, but justice save a spark (Rock) Like a match made in Heaven and Hell apart But still one, if it's life we start So real reveal, sign is sealed What we feels translates to meals That 9 to 5 shit is no joke, muscle in Scientist but don't look upon my hustlin [Biolante] Will the copy cats twist the def traps, bliss the sex raps Blind to jet black, the matters awake in response since came to life Singin a seance, escape the realm Bly swift like 'o' at, fake jacks a cast Catch two smacks, gentlemen relax Blaze trails that haven't been traveled in a while Scatter clues for those who equate the style "Look at them, those two space monsters. The one with the three heads is King Geedorah. And that one's Gigan. We are controlling them." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Geedorah (MF Doom) f/ Gigan Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: Krazy World Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Gigan] ...What what what, yo yo yo [Gigan] [Chorus] Krazy world, get it where you fit in Shoes add a roll of dough there for the pickin Switch up your stuff telegraphin how you livin Its all about me, all about you In the krazy world, get it where you fit in Shoes add a roll of dough there for the pickin Switch up your stuff telegraphin how you livin Its all about me, all about you [Gigan] Check it plan em, bump wit them chumps then I abolish em Been doin it since double 01s with five dollars Pinstripe knees and deez with side pockets Keep it shinin' in the Ziegfried shirt with wide collars Since see I be shots in bam bam venom ? I be scrammin, makin sure them heads is satisfied with the See the inside the cut was just right Fresher than southern dubs, enough to buff pipes While I turn out they chicks to suck mics and strips for the bills And get 'em addicted and pool all they skills Straight pimpin, mac daddy ain't nothin wrong with hustlin When the time calls, fall, then puff on chron and bust em Then I do shit to chicks some youngins call disgustin Fuck 'em in they butt then have 'em suck off my nut then Give 'em what they need and keep turnin out tricks Put 'em on the strip at nine have 'em return about six Then um, then press the ho, put a burner out quick Get move on the low, cuz rumors spread the word of mouth quick Pimp hoes, pimp em, blix loves, lick em, sell drugs sell em Smixin up turn you to a felon In a... [Gigan] [Chorus] Krazy world, get it where you fit in Shoes add a roll of dough there for the pickin Switch up your stuff telegraphin how you livin Its all about me, all about you In the krazy world, get it where you fit in Shoes add a roll of dough there for the pickin Switch up your stuff telegraphin how you livin Its all about me, all about you [Gigan] Listen close, aint no doubt in the game If you need a broke or cuttin a whole mountain of cane You still ride up 25 percent so they chopped up Or they drive slow till they glock up Open shop up, rims streach fat like bad rashes Fall back and the guards and they be bad asses As they come back, it's pourin mad acid rain Smoke an L, straight blow from them cells Stash up, keep that dough for my bail Plus a 44 with shells, in case shit go to Hell Be up on a hundred of cash with two jammies Plus the broad to transport the crack in the poonanies Hand pick the click of a cat thats too candy Ride a die fan those is wilds is my man to Tell it how it is, thug-wild style cause kids moneys smart Dont talk, just be chill and be kids B Down for the dibs and gazelles and suede pumas Havin broads stashin the cash in the bra and the bloomers Cock-blockin your spot with fakes rocks to ass pimpin Know that you puss in this cash that we passin you [Gigan] [Chorus] Krazy world, get it where you fit in Shoes add a roll of dough there for the pickin Switch up your stuff telegraphin how you livin Its all about me, all about you In the krazy world, get it where you fit in Shoes add a roll of dough there for the pickin Switch up your stuff telegraphin how you livin Its all about me, all about you [Gigan] No doubt ? Krazy world, get it where you fit in... .... "Attention: We have heard from the control center on Monster Island that the  two monsters have broken out. All men stand by!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (King Geedorah) Album: Take Me To Your Leader Song: The Final Hour Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "The final hour is approaching for the people of Earth, hear this!" [King Geedorah] she said "Excuse me" And you be illin with the wordplay He said "Thank you very much I'm billing till Thursday" Once heard a beat drum it sounded like a sloppy knock Whoever was on the mic speech is pure poppy cock These go back to the days of pop lock Even back to rumors that Mikey died off pop rocks Where the girls wore jellies and played hop scotch Older broads used to wear tennises and sloppy socks APB the 3 headed with the fancy crown Last seen headed towards a city in shanty town All of a sudden can't be found Safe and sound mouth on the nipple panties down Put a choke hold on the monster from Ogopogo Whoever did they vocals And also they so-so logo Thats a no-no Through the wheels of steel phono Geedorah no deals pro bono "AHHHHHH!!!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (King Geedorah) featuring Lil'Sci, ID 4 Winds and Stahhr Album: Take Me To Your Leader Song: Impressions (Next Level) Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Lil'Sci] 1,2 1,2 yes! Yo,it's King Gheedra, combined with the forces of nine ether Blowing woofers and tweeters, shaking syllable meaning Disaster's cataclysmic, mystic natural, it's about time We hit you with some substance that's actual I got a gift call, hip-hop prophecy, says 2003 Ends the reign of the jiggy MC No more roaming on this planet like scavengers Sciences broke the code of the Gregorian calendar Define laws and space in time, trying to trace my lines Hold up, respect the architect Digital rollin, my whole crew roll with VS Type to master this whole universe in three steps We stretch across the equator with something major Universal rhyme tones, tamper with ya timezone Minds blown by the millions jus' for the feeling Hip-hop it just don't stop until I make a killing Nah I'm kidding, but for real The world ain't the same no more Take your life to next level or remain no more Take your life to next level or remain no more Word up, word up [Stahhr] Well I'm colliding with the mind of a Survivor surviving, uncover the time brother The high volume white collar High styling Verge jocking the side,dodgin mirages Conquer the vibe, hunger lurks Nine to five work saga, god bless the life Father trife, crawl for the light, pounding the Globe on sight, vocal pimpin it's throat So you know how we go down yo Struck from the getto yo, medal throw Settle the dough , live showbizz The cannonbal, weapon, men and arms Four section, super intelligence, balance Benevolent, stinging nettle medicine Crouch tiger, dragon , craftmatic Watch ya back, if, catch this Fascist through the atlas, first class diplomatic status Stagma flag, overstanding the plan Bar skin, then a ? streets watch timex clocks ?punchless? on the dot five minutes to rot So we blew blocks, crews It's old news how we do... [ID 4 Winds] I'm a drop one rhyme For everytime I cross the thin line Between yours and mine, see, it's Part of my design, shifting paradigm Yin and yang combined, must be out ya mind Thinking star would never shine Pops duke, focus with a hawk's eye view I'm all that, a plaintain, and some Ital stew Gettin' spinache, British, ATL upin this Even avitronic figures be thumpin' off over this verbal elixir Magnetic attraction, raw, nearly jacksons Straight open in the caption, here comes the hix and braxton's Lyrical contraction, delivery reaction, it started with a passion That's just the way it had been, raw with umbilical cords strapped A corpse, won't drop a curse, while mustard hit this spouse? Sharp with a needle, try to reach the people Y'all fiending for the sequel and the beat's not even EQ'd.... "WE have a snake to catch!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (King Geedorah) featuring Jet Jaguar and Rodan Album: Take Me To Your Leader Song: No Snakes Alive Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "Ha ha ha ha ha ha!" [King Ghidra/King Geedorah] ..Ghidra has arrived You guys could take five By the time it's over... No snakes alive! Take the dive, I'm tellin you, you better off Then up against a flow to make her, take her sweater off From the set off when it came to scripts he could hardly brag It's the result of concentration, and lolly-gag I said "Yeah right" he pulled the mic out a snotty rag Sealed up air-tight, and wrapped up in a body bag Get a advance and catch chance writer's block After spendin the first and last penny My own worst enemy Tell me if I'm OD and usual flow And made deals with these cats who keep sending dough, so The Three Headed said it, never get busted He's a man of his word who's not to be trusted Beats encrypted, multi-faceted encrusted Shorty pawn, keep mic rusted (*The beat and rapping get's faster*)Sort of mellow type of fellow Who sometimes spaz on wife like Othello Hell no he won't use words like illuminati Or Gotti all shotty might use karate Azar the Gaza cut I'll ask why a mask With the gall style caps say nice fly (*Flow goes back to original*)Exact dough til it stack high, white ho, black guy The rap game, black eye [Jet Jaguar] Exhiliration, Jet Jag's accelerations Touch speeds minds can't concieve Achieve altered, attitudes and angles, angels answer Aura, illumilation, awesome interperation Awkward alarm, ankle house arrest and who's best? Monster Island Czars Crush pawn dreams to be king A frank reality Calculation could never be Quest destined, distant competition dusted Disgusted raise for second, crowded clouded confusion, conclusion: simple, plain Self education, self made millionaires Serpents slitherin, sidewind searchin Stalkin, heat sensin (*Beat goes faster*)Can't have me Jet Jag's riki tiki tavi Superhero hit zero to sixty Hot pursuit, pedal to the floor Handlin lyrics, traction swervin Left right makin head fix, layin high stakes Levitates, quick hit breaks They fly past hit war parts fly loose, kill a mongoose [Rodan] Fake niggaz contiue to practice the art of intimidation Sterile minds concieve and threw up all artificial insemination Syntax a sequential rage unless it's all deliberate Angle wide words clear, but population stay illiterate Consider it God's a fine power, fools get rid of it Men build dreams on promises but lacken the will to deliver it You, I disolve connivers like saliva on tic tacs World is strange, but get the job done like sises mix max Flip tracks, murder stinks, drunk niggaz killin six packs Chokin on venom, suffered tricknological kick backs Poverty stricken minds, all thoughts barely worth two cents Build history through time, many a design on blueprints Anooshes slides in the sky, eight-five percent never knew Wise men arise, pull files like internal revenue Forever true, appauled? There's self evidence with leverage (*The beat and rapping get's faster*)Upset? The beast belly concoct homogenised beverage Clever shit, calculate a sabatoge trojan horse Gift from ? see through any G motion that grows in force Chose to toss to teach familiar line throughout the underworld God of elevation kills Superman, rape Wondergirl The discounted, decapitated rapist it's acceptable The everyday occurance a fatal outcome's inevitable [King Ghidra/King Geedorah] ..Might as well join the forces boss Chance take a loss like coin toss Roll with the double headed nickel Pawn the pawn a Jet Jag with the sickle you and a pickle King Ghidra yo you ass betta leave 'em alone Before ya go catch a seizure and leave 'em blown If you ain't the best of the best in the top three Either myself, I and me Don't even think of caps But act like you had a slight inkling perhaps Or get smacked back in the ring like Bob Backlund Ink jet black and wack... "Hahahahahaha! Hey, what's the meaning of this?" "Shut up!" "Hahahahahahahaha, young man.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (King Geedorah) Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: Anti-Matter Typed by: brocksspot@yahoo.com [MR FANTASTIK] From Venus to Mars back to Earth back to the x p o Satellite It's showtime nigga King Geedorah on the boards (King Geedorah) MF Doom and I am Mister Fantastik [MR FANTASTIK] Expeditiously I be on my grizzly Feds try to creep me somehow always miss me Mister Fantastik put the busy in the bee Rock from the bottom straight to the Tizzy [MF DOOM] Who is he?... he need to get out more Or either get outta here like some dang outlaw Standing like Lurch no herb in the record bin Called him for a random search curbside checkin' and [MR FANTASTIK] It's on nigga on and crackin' like Digg'em lips be smacking Running off at the mouth steady talk bout us On some shit they overheard but enough is enough [MF DOOM] Yeah, It's neither here nor there Black Warfare in your ear CLAK CLAK CLAK CLAK CLAK What's that your hearing things TAT TAT TAT TAT TAT Be wearing your thinking hat {Both} No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (Are you Serious) They don't know how we get down when we're out uptown (Deadly Serious King Geedorah) So when you see us in the streets don't be fuckin' around (Perfect) [MR FANTASTIK] A hundred things on the re-up of course I'm living fat My Mercedes outside nigga where yours at Top down on a good day the K the I the wood way Got cats thinking should I stay fuck what the hood say Niggaz wanna rob me now bitches wanna slob me now Hoes didn't holla last year feel sorry now Practice jumpshot Reggie Mil (Reggie Miller) Robert Horry now The nigga that you with played like Atari now Lyrically unorthodox I flow continuous Never on a straight path I'm known to bend a twist Put it down from the Suburb to the Tennament You bet against me but wanna wonder where your money went I get the cash take niggaz out like trash Known to stack a mean stash they used to call me pure math Back in the days all I did was stay paid but as they say in the South bitch gimme some head [MF DOOM] Excuse Me mister do she got a sister Who he not to kiss her True she do got a blister Not a movie plot twist like a twistler If I needed my meat burned I'd go to Sizzler getting paid like a biker with the best crank Sprayed like a high ranked sniper in the West Bank Type to just blank and don't show much pitty When I'm in the city I always keep a dutch with me Touch her titty till she ask me where the trees is at Or tell me don't squeeze that rats wanna tease a cat Let the dog beg wait up who talking Doom with the hog leg straight up New Yorkin' {Both} No matter how hard they try they can't stop us now (That's Correct) We got King Geedorah on the boards with that golden sound (King Geedorah) They don't know how we get down when we're out uptown (I Just Can't Stand the Guy) So when you see us in the streets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Geedorah (MF Doom) f/ Trunks Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: Lockjaw Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "Where's the intruder?" "Looks like he went to the tower" [Trunks] Before I rock raps, I drink a keg of Listerine Then I spit the freshest lines you'll ever hear for centuries Then I form blazing sword and cut your mic cords And kill them garbage rhymes only your friends get hyped for Blitz your whole team, them niggaz need to come clean So I give 'em an acid wash like old school Levi jeans (Lockjaw!) Crackin your faulty frame And I bring the house down without hijackin planes Locked stocked with two smokin barrels and will use it To fuck up more beats per minute than drum'n'bass music Trunks ain't a rapper, he's a monster from the future Twistin your body in more positions than Kama Sutra Smart-ass, gettin the Last Word with Jim Jome With a right hand like Dr. Claw that's known for breakin bones {"I'll get you next time Gadget, next time"} We can have a close encounter of the fucked up kind "Time warp, set on" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Geedorah (MF Doom) f/ Hassan Chop Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: I Wonder Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Hassan Chop] Thats right I got problems and personal issues Stories that'll make ya--eyes tear and wet tissue Its true, I'm +Madd+ like the +Rapper+ I'm so upset I gotta put it up in my rap before I snapper After the things I've seen from Atlanta to Queens To the mean streets of Brooklyn when I was a teen Back and forth to the Islands, scream when I left But adapted, and still my dreams haven't left I only hung with the crack kids we not the best Me and the ruffest ruffnecks went chest to chest Now my best friend's locked up north I wont rest Til I let him live his dream threw me and I confess That even though both our hearts was dark his was darker Best believe when shit got spark he was the sparker And when the block got hot he was the fire starter And if I had beef my nigga ?Roger? was a martyr [Hassan Chop] I wonder how certain people come in my life I wonder why'd I get in so many fights I wonder why sometimes things just dont go right Why I gotta live this life hey hey I wonder how certain people come in my life I wonder why'd I get in so many fights I wonder...why I gotta live this life hey hey [Hassan Chop] Yo you one of the most important people in my life They called you Dice but I called you cousin We was buggin cause I figured that we both had something in common You loved to chat reggae music and I loved rhymin But still they ain't call you Dice for nuttin I seen you shoot with the williest cats and leave them with nothing Somethin must have pleased that bluffer in you To make you wanna take dough from those tougher than you Threw out school we made money together When you was on the floor shootin, I was the side better And yo we cleaned out them cats and took the scraps But you wasn't a ruff cat and cats knew that I knew eventually them thugs would try to hurt you If I was there, I'd never let nobody hurt you, its hurtful I knew they wouldnt let you take the money and run Thats why I shoulda came when you told me to come [Hassan Chop] I wonder how certain people come in my life I wonder why'd I get in so many fights I wonder...Why I gotta live this life hey hey I wonder how certain things don't go right I wonder why'd I get in so many fights I wonder...why I gotta live this life hey hey [Hassan Chop] Yo it was June sixth 96 Graduation night Made it threw the school shish shootin dice gettin in fights I even sparked a riot, til the school got quiet And dismiss just got tired of usin my fists We had some shit like knife pipes bottles and sticks Cant forget them 380's, Nine's and 22's Best believe, many dudes was paid in my crew We made a name for ourselves boy I've seen some drama Seems my momma never dreamed she'd go threw so much trauma comma, pause you  ask about cops and laws Well that shit don't exist when you black and poor So we broke em, but at that night my heart got broken Choken on the weed smoke drinkin rum and gettin open Not to mention, never a big drinker I'm a thinker But I'm thinkin hey dis my night, pass me more liquor Fight breaks out, I'm just too nice to get in it But my brother got stabbed and I missed it.. Word up, its crazy.. why I gotta live this life (wonder) hey hey [Hassan Chop] I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right I wonder why certain people come in my life I wonder.. yeah.. why I gotta live this life hey hey I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right I wonder why'd I get in so many fights I wonder...hey why I gotta live this life hey hey I wonder why sometimes things just don't go right I wonder why I gotta live this life I wonder...why I gotta live this life ay ay uh ay That's right...your life.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: King Geedorah Album: Take Me to Your Leader Song: The Fine Print Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com Render unto Geedorah what is Geedorah's Tend to when he seizure through a beaker and a tweezers Read the fine print and be like, "What's the big deal?" Spun wheels-of-steel since broke wheel Big Wheel Back when it was greasy S-curl, now it's easy dread Had a rhyme on how they used to tease him 'bout his peasy head Yes-yes-y'all to the beat, have a ball or Avacore Have it your way, grab his straw, Jabberjaw Since two tone Lee's, these new phonies is boney hoes Lonely like cheese and baloney only I could've broke my "sacro-philly-ac" (sacroiliac) Silly grind, Billy Jack, illy nine milli black Listen to it go "bang!" Through and through a Kangol A strange combination of a king who use slang flow Two-thirds slow, one-third amazing Wonder words, fine sponsor of this Thunderbird occasion And have an iller rhyme, at least by Miller Time Collect the skrilla and geese with a killer dime Met her out in Killa Queens, originally she from the Philippines I love the way she fill her jeans Still a teen, and made for strange bedfellows Okay, so it's head to elbows for shell-toes Uh-oh, heads up! There she blows A whole load of Head & Shoulders, and who care where she goes Let the music take control Just don't let the evildoers abuse it and use it to take your soul It's like putting fire to fake gold, it turn colors And get duller than a bake roll with no butter The shutter of a cake hole Who break drakes 'til it get old and flake mold Cornball, have 'em seeing white stars, I warned y'all Like getting hit with a bottle of Mo' from Sean Paul (He not white) ... Oh, he mad light though Either which way, they not ready for the lightning show And can't scandalize mine You could ask a swine who can't stands when I shine Geedorah the professor, add a question to the lessons He suggest you get a full assessment instead of guessing It's too stressing, did he stutter like rookie yes-men? Or did he just bring the butter, like the cookie chessmen This just in: they ain't even worth the worry Lying on their first birth and couldn't even hurt a Smurfberry Hear ye, hear ye! How dare ye Go up against the king who do his thing tri-yearly? They're too carefree with their mouths around here Off with his head, and display it at Town Square On top a seven-feet spike, make sure it's on tight In light of when the peasants throw stones with all their might Skull get smashed for weeks 'Til vulture beaks eats the last meat off your cheeks Maybe then they'll know the right words to speak Out loud, at home, in the world, or in the streets It's no escape, just in case All the kings' mens and 'em decides to go apes The most slick-talking of burly guys Get caught and boiled in oil like curly fries Even those that's Mr. Furley's size that earned the fate Could all get burned at the stake Send word to his closest kins, that for his sins We claim his throne, his providence, and its citizens In the name of King Geedorah! ... Don't make him catch a seizure ... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Vaudeville Villain Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com V. Vaughn, the traveling Vaudeville Villain Who don't give a flying fuck who ain't not feeling him Watch what ya' dealing him: ace, king, death card Strong-arm the wrong man, pardon the left, god Get money and earn it, then everything you touch turn shit Got much to learn kid, light it up burn shit Light it up like the Dutch when the hash melt Only time they see him is when they need him with the cash belt Ay carumba, now that's my number One dry summer, as far as I remember Burnt out, but gaining every edgy penny Then he hit him straight to the head like Reggie Denny Call him back when you need some more 'gnac, horse-yak Doing 80 down the Van Wyck on horseback Ya' man sick but he wreck tracks, puto Get back too bro', exactamundo Viktor the director flip a script like Rob Reiner The way a lotta dudes rhyme their name should be "knob shiner" For a buck, they'd likely dance the Jig or do the Hucklebuck To Vik it's no big deal, they're just a buncha knuckle-fucks You wonder how well would they hold up in a holding cell It sorta had the strange makings of a tale told in hell Like "Oh well," hold tall riches If the Feds is really after him they'll just tell all the snitches On borrowed-time rhymes, gassed by the silver screen They cat like their monkey ass can heal back like Wolverine Mellow out what y'all bellow out ya' yellow mouth What happened to the kinda spit that used to help a fellow out? No doubt, leave a rapper in a body cast And wonder what he was doing while we was in a karate class Snotty ass, it's really like he was a white-belt Right before he "night-night" ask him how the light felt I wouldn't take their tape if they gave it free Maybe it's me, maybe it's V! Throw down the key, y'all know how shit be In the naked city, rappers is so giddy That's no ditty, Vaughn so witty The way he take no prisoners and show no pity It's how son became a big man from a Black boy To name names, a really big fan of Dan Akroyd He feel they need to give him his own dance This his only chance to shoot the gift like a lone glance Or like a beef scene that leave the oo-ey smoking Or between Hoktuo Shinken and Nanto Koukakuken The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Lickupon Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com Confirmation of your worse fears Ever since his first years had a thirst for beers Back from the future, it'll make you more sober-er And brought back a long list of fakers who crossed over I'm like, fuck it, bubble-baller Catch em up at Bob's show, stall him with a troubled caller Bastard, who could make G's faster Than a newly re-mastered while being truly plastered There's four sides to every story If these walls could talk, they'd probably still ignore me Contemplate war over a cup of warm coffee It's really getting gory, tell your problem to Maury Don't bore V with the "glory, hallelu-ey" Crews be like, foo-ey he's just a buncha hoo-ey I knew he had new G, who he? Viktor Vaughn He had a new sicker song, I think he call it "Lickupon" Umm but uh, he study rhymes and patter-ins Climb so steep sometimes the beat don't be mattering Sounded like a half-dead from [???Scurvy band rock???] A programmed, computer bio-grafted Herbie Hancock Maybe next life he'll try harder Died a martyr at the hands of the fire-starter More scripts ripped available for via barter Transport a stack to the lab via charter On the microphone he came to daze and amaze ya' What a guy, practice banging flies with razors And watch out for the robot, he got eyes with lasers Tell em when they come with more topics besides blazers Enough with the guns already, they're all toys and lames The joy's in the aim, he asked him, how's ya' poison game? Do you bust your crossbow? Also, more so Accurate body blows to torso, thought so These flows you won't find in no "how-to" If the blacksmith doubt you, he smack the shit out you Make nothing gone, let nothing twitch Just don't be near the mic when the on-button switch V bring the beef like a trucker to Fuddrucker Delivery to all y'all motherfuckers and bloodsucker Coping more pleas than when a rap nigga bicker on And that's my word is bond, I think he call it "Lickupon" Umm, he wrote this one with a fever sick in bed With his dickhead inside a chickenhead No, a dead chicken's head, he said it help his nausea If he lost ya', wait til he tell you about the flying saucer Dag, the kickback'll leave your wig ragged For a big bag of good grizzle and some Zig-Zag Survival, keep a rival in denial And bust what he got just for coming out his pie-hole Die calmer than a suicide-bomber V just the type to do a hoo-ride with momma Said to James Bond, my name is Viktor, Viktor Vaughn Told the chick the quickest way to get on, lickupon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: The Drop Typed by: emceebutter@hotmail.com if I'm not workin or puttin work in I'm either wheelin and dealin or probably jerkin my (censored) yep listenin to nothin, takin no suggestions all destructive criticisms, that can't improve on perfection rock a crowd in sections on a good night.. the hoes fight always get the dough first then everything else goes right at least that's what they say and who the fuck is they? make a hick say "what the hey?" brought that chick from sick bay Henson he shoulda asked his upperclassmen before he bust blast and never trust no Kardassian captains log supplemental the Klingons are now aboard the enterprise rental vessal on my cue photon torpedo oh and if I'm not on the block with Jorgito and so on for the street though smoke a pound of leak though I'm jokin on the fact that hiphop has gone freak show don't let the drama getcha in the only genre of music where the fans shoot the messenger bitch niggaz talk behind ya back like a catcher either M-Y-O-B or B-Y-O stretcher in that order, man, woman ,son, daughter the beat sound like the underwater, make it from the slaughter even if you hear some wack shit you never give a chance some shit sound like all you could do on fit is riverdance it's not a hobby, don't be sloppy doin deals with these labels is likened to a botched robbery nobody supposed to get bodied...golly this shit is like a folly bout to cold flip probably it's not me he got a ill spills knot in brooknon where even though kids kill they still chill and look calm while workin' on new developments for the book bomb in one bad experiment it blew and took a hooker arm (arm and leg) BOW! look mom.. no hand studied black magic for years out in no man's land it's like a barbecue all swine cookout to fuck up they plans like a blind man look out cram to overstand it, peep it and absorb it the same way he keep all the planets in they proper orbit Norbert y'all better off goin corporate nobody wanna hear that bullshit it's too morbid it's no prints he hold the mic with a mic glove and rolls dolo from state to state like Ike Love like on top of the world loser keep it gully rap creeps seem they got too much juice in they belly it's why they brung V he still hungry and spit something thick on the mic like a lungie mind ya daughter she on line for the water to get lucky like when she found a quater kinda sorta remember me God, clean timbs with emery board? he only came to save the game like a memory card ooh shrewd, alot of crews is too rude and it's way too many let's not and say we do dudes he said 24-7 I be on call he use his vacation days to watch Babylon fall numbskulls.. get ta steppin they dumb dull and how he rep the mic is like the weapon from Krull cats be like what's wrong with your man black? biohazard suit and bandgrap for the anthrax jeez and can't get no peace form blazin sword for the police robeast Cochise, write a rhyme like a book report and sell it to a rookie you could tell by the hook he bought you ain't know he sell hooks and choruses? they couldn't bang slang if they looked in thesauruses it's like a friendly game of dodge ball oddball gaurd y'all, he played the garage wall with the Stan Smith's checkerboard lace and the brand new INF they ain't check the broad waist you saw his face? so who next to get they neck chopped or popped like a Beck's top, respect the drop it's too much wreck hops who next to get they neck chopped or popped like a Beck's top, respect the drop woopdie-do flows do fifty like a hooptie do groupie crews try to figure out from what coop he flew they outta place, beats sounds like outer space with no time to waste he was audi.. without a trace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Lactose and Lecithin Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com Somewhere's out in cop killin Queens The bo deans stop limousines and niggaz flee the scene Somebody on his back bleeding vest all cracked up Freeze clown officer down request back up Listen dude don't get me misconstrued as a sniper It's V Vaughn not to be confused with V la viper Or either peter parker Or either peter piper A seed the type to pee the diaper blame it on the wiper It's really not your concern why I got the knife sir You suggest remain calm let not get "No" Slash his windpipe he had them type of eyes He might be still alive How you get this thing to hyper drive Oh Give my props to the shooter Prices at a all time low in the future Something like fourteen they must be on horse pills O T and zero three to re up on force fields At that cost deal he plotted the coordinance Two thousand three rental tie upper west side more or less This thing be buggin like a celly frontin Now who the hell is honey wit the slug in her belly stuntin You ain't have to tell V nothing Trust him It really ain't no time for discussion He'll be back in ninty three press of a button and they busted in His first impulse was to smack the dirt All four wore plain clothes and lumberjack shirt Recognize one face from school six degrees ago He'd snuff him in his braces just to switch the station to BGO He kept a punch line every lunch break lunch time And this is no time to pump fake it's crunch time The same split second they let off the toast That's when he hit the speed dial and sped off ghost I know those cats don't like V And if they took my head off they'd get off most likely And probably thought the time gizmo was my wallet And hit the hills forty more times on some foul shit Pick a crime he was out in the nick of time To get paid another day and live to kick a sicker rhyme For illa it's like miller malt liquor time Up town finery were it's probably not best to flaunt Everyone's your best friend V steps into the restaurant My friend he said you must be psychic What's the price of fourteen It's real you like it Huh, be back at night the fourteen G pack was really packed tight But back at the lab he found that the sleaze stack was right Not only was it three cracks light between white The test show lactose, ambisol lecithin five types of aspirin and other kinds of medicines Next time I'll bring my men who speak Mexican And let the tech's spin Make 'em contact the next of kin The whole thing is mostly lactose lecithin and some type of aspirin, ambisol medicine Damn Lets go get 'em men The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: A Dead Mouse Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com Yo I'm only rhyming where the drums is at Y'all niggaz think y'all slick wit that bullshit bump that Y'all pay V for flowing to the beat Not for what he know that got hoe's hoeing in the streets That's for him to know And for they to never find out About the kidnap, blind fold, and the blind mouse The coroner report say he simply signed out oh And I know Y'all wanna see a wino bring the wine out Cat wit a dead mouse is how he catch the phrase and pause plays wit it Kill it And eat off it for days kid it Who ever ain't get it ain't supposed to For standing still close to Bandits will ghost you No shoot Sherlock I don't know how they do on your block Out here we rock on to the sure shot Shit still ain't stop keep it on till your peeps is gone We be on the creep no matter what you keep it on CD whop Peep Catch the beat to ridiculously People think he study levitations true mystery How to power an envious scallon till he got him for his sweet 16 He said Ed be wilding Rumor has it things got violent He clobbered him and broke the fuck out But he ain't try to rob him I told her don't tell your man that's the trouble with these chicks Next experiment Twelve strands from double helix No I haven't seen Kess Felix Oh yeah You stay away from her with those lyrics Please Aint nobody fucking after her I'm out of here as soon as I fix the flux capacitor N O N and speak to V in a proper manner before he stabs ya and put out all type of proper gander Stop the slander Chop the hand of a thief And cut the mouth off of who ever comes out they teeth V sell time to an inmate And then tell him a rhyme for the hell of it to demonstrate They know who's the renown beat critic Do a street lyric like that's a neat trick Off on a tangent He ain't got a cent Supposed to go to management and spent it getting bent Sparky I had enough of your malarkey For one don't mark me and who you calling darky Agitate in the dark The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF DOOM Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Raedawn Typed by: rdcapasso@gmail.com I can't understand it V the beat bandit  who bring heat from the mic unhanded  who ever go after burn their hands and lips  a lot of rappers ran and abandon they whips It's just another day in the Dunia don't leave your girl around V he might swoon her up and under the window serenade her like a crooner stay ahead of the game and cut her off sooner rather later Use her to gather data scoop her in the butter soft moon roof Navigator or the Land or the Lex or the Benz a hundred and sixteenth buy the hours from the africans But they won't let you push 'em one tried to get fly, almost had to mush him If I wanted to rob him, I would've worn a mask hit him with the fo', took the dough and tore ass Want not, waste not, front not they didn't see him dippin to the fiftycent blunt spot V walk the town with space boots space suits fucked up cut but she still say his face cute Told the streets, what you staring at? the sewer cap opened up and said: WHY YOU WEARING THAT? He said "Oh you wanna snap, pissface,  the way you in everybody's business is a disgrace" At the park gate "Hark who goes there?" It's V the MC who's nasty as nosehair you may go he said you should've been say so tipped him in cash and Argentinian pesos There you go, my good man buy something nice for the seed and please keep it moving twice the speed consider that your fair warning or else I'll bring it to you express like airborne Vaughn, drop a turd on the beat and shoutout that little bird for the word on the street he write VIK in a sick demented handstyle and go bombin with a chick who whip a rented van while  all he say is you nuts he really had enough of poo puts and crewcuts Soup's on and I got a coupon chinese restaurant asking for the Grey Poupon he said "No, duck sauce soy sauce And this ain't no Burger King so you no get no toy boss" Uh oh it's beer o'clock, I think I'm sober how about we think this over, over a can of king cobra you ain't nicer than a lunatic schiester aka the vicster, or the vic miceter he wondered should he get a baldie or keep his edge up, v-shaped like by my waldy But that is the question, he wonders why he always wearing hats in the sessions listen up, new drink named it after Chong's daughter triple shot of 'gac, with the chaser of bong water V a strong supporter a triple shot of 'gac, with the chaser of bong water come on bring the slaughter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (Viktor Vaughn) Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Let Me Watch Typed by: funnyman_27@hotmail.com, moulton@berkeley.edu [Viktor Vaughn] Mmm.. My cousin's friend's friend wanna meet me Saw V on TV, said she needed a sweety Heard he was the type to do her name in graffiti Greet her with a kiss *kiss* Straight gentlemen need steelie, a G Whatever is meant to be is meant to be She can slip a smile that make a nigga flip wild Herand bold name chain, diamond chip script style With the matching bracelet, sweats with the K-Swiss Athletic chick who run track Hey miss, pleasure's all mine Please call me Vik [Nikki] Okay, I did a full inspection Head to toe we rocked black denim Flashed the grin, sweetest sin Said to him: "Hey, my name is Nikki You twenty minutes late and almost missed me" Turned off my CD, I was bumpin' vintage Biggie Said: "I love the way you smile, but your eyes look tricky "Yo I gotta be home by eight thirty or my moms'll kill me She spazzes out when I'm late, plus she says that I'm too young to date So overprotective, I wish she'd take a sedative and shit Yea, but that's whatever What's your perspective, tell me more about you Vik [Viktor Vaughn] It's love at first sight, that's the proof He wasn't out right to thirst, but in truth Fresh as a mayflower, face like power He had the green light, she asked him: "What's the plan tonight?" Flavor of the night, Sam Sara from Fahrenheit [Nikki] He talked, I listened, he listened I spoke We walked arm-in-arm and split a cherrycoke Spit religion and politics, Sega and chess Roots of culture, hip-hop, skunk and sess I caught him sneakin' peeks at my breasts While frontin', name droppin' connects [Viktor Vaughn] First started out like she was just Vaughn's friend Used to act grown for pretend, whispering Speaking on the phone, for hours on end On a bone from just listening and then: "Call me back my mother home", spoke to tone, again Call back and do the same thing tomorrow If something don't give, I'll be forced to ignore her Gettin' on my last nerves, forget it All this talk and shit and V ain't even hit it yet It's uncharacteristic of the Vik [Nikki] Hickies on my neck, the whole last night, I couldn't sleep Practice the words I used to greet you, the next time we meet Think of you and feel heat, that make my cheeks blush Close my eyes and feel your touch, get chills when you slip me tongue Picture me with you, could my fantasies of teen love come true? Got me wondering, how far I'll go to prove my moms and everybody wrong I miss you every time I hear a love song and whenever you're gone Until I see you, then I feel short of breath I think maybe I'm ready... to take the next step.. yes [Viktor Vaughn] I got your cab fare, dinner and a movie Bring a change of clothes, just in case it's all groovy Watch when I see you, I miss you a lot, yo How about a nightcap, maybe a bottle of Mo So V can bite your titties like a baby toddler, ho [Nikki] Oh no you didn't! You called me a what? Don't make me wig out How you gonna last some shit like that slip out your mouth (nah, I was just) If I was there, I'd smack you in your smirk (ooh), for acting like a jerk Thought you was cool, but now I doubt the shit is gonna work I'm not hurt, I'm pissed off, piss off, fuck this shit [Viktor Vaughn] I know I play too much Hey on the way, could you please pick up two Dutch Ok peace, see you when you touch I wondered if she ever had a coodycat eight-eight Vaughn can't wait to long-stroke it on the late-late [Nikki] Wait, first let's get this shit straight-straight Don't call me out my name, I'm not the one to get played-played Out... niggaz, go figure 'em out, they're all the same-same With a lame-lame story, like my ex-man Mike Got my best friend pregnant and he's still tryin' to call me Well fuck Mike and fuck Vik too I wound up on Prozac from all the shit he put me through Only been off my prescription three weeks And you got me flippin, rippin' my hair out Never thought you'd treat me like a pigeon I'm out, it's over, I'm gone So long. [Nikki & Vik] I'd rather masturbate, than fuck with Vik Vaughn I'd rather masturbate, than fuck with Vik Vaughn (let me watch!) I'd rather masturbate, than fuck with Vik Vaughn (Still... so...so...so what time you gonna be here?) (Aight? You know I'm gonna be waitin', just holla and ring the buzzer.3.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF DOOM Album: Viktor Vaughn Is Vaudeville Villain Song: Saliva Typed by: jcruelty1@yahoo.com Great balls of fire Guess who just crawled out the muck the mire That could make you trust a motherfuckin liar A real shuck n' jiver Vaughn never been a duck n' diver He spit on the mic, yuck, saliva Hold it like a drunk driver hold a CB on a sharp turn Still clutchin' his chest from the heartburn What's your handle? I need a Zantac, ock and thanks before I blank into anyphylactic shock Rock the disco Chocolate on a crisco ho Cock diesel And still tell a joke like Joe Piscipo Tell em the basics Basically, break the Matrix And just for kicks, make em gel like Asics That's why they actin standoffish ? by hand like canned raw crawfish Can you please pass the cocktail sauce? You might as well know, hell is hot as hell boss Tell my horse He said broads call me Vaughny I make sure I throws em back if they's too scrawny Or boney, phoney MCs use a stand-in Leave him hangin like if I ain't know where his hands been Hussy, how bout we bloody up your ? Bust a knee Then go feeling studdy, or plus degree ? True victory, a new sick story I never met a chick that was too thick for me Holy moses, my old earth know me closest On how I played it back and stayed bent like scoliosis It's no puzzle You can ask Doc Zizmor The slow guzzle got your nizzle crooked like big jaw Drink like a fishy, she wish she was a Pisces Live since back in 25 cents Icees Used to turn your tongue the color red Now they want to fill ya full of lead What the fuck that young fella said? What kid? It's Vaughn the red blooded Do yourself a favor or come on, get head butted Yoke him if he run I'll be there in a jiffy son With the flame suppressor like off the 151 Quit your bitchin, or get *BLAU* in your babble-box Punishment for dry snitchin', now eat this gravel, fox You'll be aight once it pass through your yellow belly Only thing he said was can you please pass the jelly Homo say what? Like a promo play the cut On the late night, before you touch the mic, get your weight right A lot of crews like to act like a violent mob They really need to just shut the fuck up like Silent Bob Either that or get smoked like hickory Should squash the beef and go wash their teeth quickly Know the stee, write a rhyme like a mystery And sign it on the bottom in calligraphy, "Your nigga, V" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom as Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Modern Day Mugging Typed by: toazt@ziplip.com * * send corrections to the typist he used to get straight A's nowadays get way payed is the pet phrase set the stage, preferably night time daylight reserved for research and writin' rhymes things is harder than the tarnish on the garnish and his gold seems to ?, gosh darn-it we, we hold heat goin' all out to the fullest, all dipped chrome four-fiddith, no bullets no clip black electric tape over the hole in the handle if you hold it right and hit 'em with it they can't tell but still, you gotta be careful dudes be so scared they cop pleas by the earfull v personally favors, "please dont kill me" empty out your pockets and I probably wont willy but if you don't hurry up and shut up, I'll kill ya so lay down and count to a hundred loud will ya? when the nickle gleam like its greased up thugs turn to icicles, hard rocks freeze up this could all be a distraction just to buy time to blast you so keep something to cut in case you has to if he was on the island he'd probably rob a millionaire and be known for wilin' out like Bob Dylan here these clever war tips you wont get from cats who never wore skips now lets get down to brass tacks follow procedure and count stacks like nasdaq dont be caught snoozin in the early morning hours from a long night of boozing stick 'em up chump, you know what this is do the right thing you might live to see your kids all he said was "c'mon don't shoot!" so shook I think he shit his sean jean suit why you starin'? run your chain like an errand and your girls earrings, and what you wearin' survival tactics for when things get too gritty he feels its his duty to the people of the city just so long as nobody get hurt it keep your average citizen on point and alert and don't forget to check her d-cup now I bust how he got this duck for his re-up then he's back on the bricks, smokin indo' never let a handy fiend fix your broken window oh, who wanna hate the witty lurker who follow y'all on the late, dressed like a city worker ok miss, come up off that bracelet just got your hair did don't make me waste it so, go to hades get the devil for his stash but no old ladies unless you're sure they carry mad cash like the one from the liquor store he watched her for weeks now, ready for the quick score before he told her whore get on the floor she pulled out and let off like quick draw mcgraw damn yo, he lucky, she barely nicked the camo he would've let her have it, if he had the ammo its all in good fun, true moral of the story son duke senior citizens'll bust their guns too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn f/ M. Sayyid Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Never Dead Typed by: userid122002@gmail.com [M. Sayyid as Curtis Strifer] Curt Strifer the loon goon with the tunes in his tomb hotter than june since had a twisted crib into he fumes kids trip on his broom press twills for schills, shag with the half moon cab to the school, straight to the bathroom to take a piss then help the teacher with the creatures that inflated from the ethers and it's waitin in the beakers the bite on teen features the preachers come with sermons and parents pack bleachers Yo, it's done Mr. Kim, I shrunk 'em down to ticks just hit me at noon with sixty dollars and two knicks I gotta split, yo va, ah ill kicks what's the shit, black? yo, how you nukin? [MF Doom as Viktor Vaughn] reactin with the core breach spewin, ya darn tootin right after this rec you might expect lootin nasty drop the rhyme like lime then tequilla flippin like optimus prime to a ten wheeler V set the scheme on his own team like star scream then go hit the bar scene all like 'na mean?' go to school every day, except for when he play hookey that's the days he play bookey if I don't study I'ma cheat off Peter Parker keep a liter of vodka inside my locker use it like a book on the grey goose scenario play you like a stereo hey you, where he go? I'm bout to blow one of y'all monkeys out the frame whoever gyped my locker and took my Donkey Kong game watch, dont even try to put it back so I can find I later word to koch, it's vaughn against the ninth graders [M. Sayyid as Curtis Strifer] haters, you fuckin with cats who's heads are sharp as alligators pull out the ox cutter, dig in then I mutter, I studder what I utter then check in your little cash flow or give my nigga back his hasborough I catch ya, stab slow and that's woh shorty with the big talk, you gotta go. swing on the drip to leave scars bood spattered on his fat laced abdul jabbars now we're gettin chased through school with jars principal jumped up with his dick in the mouth of Ms. Mars picked up the tele, sweatin for some squad cars cats tried to cut us off by the garage but V pulled out the nicky yelled 'life's chance is slim' like Lionel Richie [MF Doom as Viktor Vaughn] There's no finer sound then when you let off a nine round Before the slug find the ground V be in Chinatown uh, give me a slew of m-80's A carton of those hick chasers, and two of them ladies it's like the hood black market where you get goods for gats to put in packed chocolate to your health, we rock Chinese slippers me and king at ease weighin two Guyanese strippers on the radio, mack the knife I watched him freeze roaches and bring 'em straight back to life he used a different approach than I ever read the only thing he ever said was 'the roach is never dead' we studied transfigurations and different ways to break the trance off the nigga nations It's even bigger with the Haitians, no time for litigations [M. Sayyid as Curtis Strifer] and that was science for the head, so we did the knowledge and sped to the shed mixin dog bone with egg it says 'add body hair, ??(sounds backwards) the heart of a hen, a fig, lay it under the bed will turn back time' and thats just what we did next day walked in the shcool from the crib laughin, yo limpin like a ?? and as a pass V [MF Doom as Viktor Vaughn] Yo c, you see I got my game, right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Popsnot Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com It last longer if take a picture It Viktor the slickster I pick her Sips Schlitz malt liquor Still up in the mixture like a fixture Y'all seen the sticker with the sick fillin Vik sta He stacks chips by any rich way And keep black lips fuck what any bitch say It ain't no time for no tip or tatt Y'all better aim for the head Just don't hit the fitted hat Wondered since time ago it's just time to go As for right now though The hour show rhyme flow He got more of those and lines for dime hoes And act fancy Wit more clothes than Delaney Don't let him house you out on Houston Or catch you downtown on Broadway browsing Whoever got the most bags get followed Give it up or get you in the old hag hollow Smash It Viktor the slicksta It's like limbo how low can you go Vee go lower than your bimbo panty hose Damn yo I say that's pretty damn low In the city streets with more ammo than Rambo Hambo Y'all don't want Vee in it Make the coolest cat piss his Coogi in a minute 	 When he blow and get ballin at the top slot Twenty G's a head for whoever's calling cop shot Kack, kack, kack, kack, kack Popsnot Tender headed Get they wig split wit folk sheen V manufacture gun cleaning kits for poe dean Party people ask him how you so mean and still quiet could it be the codine in your diet I'm like what I look like a doctor Let the pork stop I got the clear meat the vodka Cork tops step up to hustle like the new guy Gun busting and drugs the penalties to high Make you wonder who they speak for it's only one side benefiting off the street war And he skeet galore just to make ya badder Many gone stab they own man up like Jacob ladder I still worry when I'm out on the hop hot Realer ill flurry that might pop ya knot I feel that Bill Murray get more run then the whop got Shop for a yacht Klackup Popsnot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Mr. Clean Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com Study your history -- Whoever don't? I pity-the-fool like Mr. T Knowledge this degree, it ain't no mystery "What you gon' do" or "what you know" is what is to see And that's more than meets the eyeball Now who wants to buy a brand new tsetse fly call? Alright y'all (zooom), the speed was break-neck Faster than the hi-speed, dual cassette tape deck (How far?) The distance was light-speed He went to see a buddy who said he had some white weed In case it might need, it didn't mean much For in his lean clutch was the elusive green Dutch Who that? Kinga, Vaughn's younger brother A real live swinger who rock Louis Vuitton pleather And he walk around like he think he king Even made the hood-rats stop to kiss his pinky ring Like a soup sandwich on a hand dish Some say his language is way too outlandish He did his thing, spoke in a jig slang And translate Einstein's theory of the Big Bang He told his boo: "Boo, I put a spell on you Stay with me, whether we broke or we well-to-do If it don't work, the hell with cha May the doorknob hit cha where the poor slob bit cha" What you thought ya' darn skeezer? The G of a mack and the steez of a geezer True man of leisure, she must've caught amnesia Paid off the 8th grade fade or a Caesar He was known for his thick skin Part Zimbabwean and part Trini mixed in Big shot, sold a guy a pound of pig snot Said it was proven to remove stains and ink spots Kinky flow, dripped down her leg to her pinky toe Jiggy hoe, who don't know as much as she think she know One week she stepped to him like a Slinky, yo' Wig like a mink skin, soft like Twinkie dough Then she kissed the queen, and told her she need Listerine Twist the green, it's laced with antihistamine Enough to make you make your face like Mr. Bean V hit the scene like: "Fuck it, give me a Mr. Clean" Shit, tired of all this ... It's too hot out here, to be having all this shit, man Shit, take it off ... Take it all off, boss ... No matter what the cost The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: G.M.C Typed by: mos_def8585@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Party people know the name, Vik with a "k" if its all the same, if it ain't dont bother told the little monster, "No I ain't yo' father it's Uncle Viktor, shut the lights I'm gettin' dizzy and close the door, can you see ya momma busy?" What a scoundrel! gassed up the town fool to go rob the crown jewel he's like a lego megalomaniac who's into electronic and techno, a real brainiac smack-dab in the hip hop gold rush V, rather the old stuff preferably the Cold Crush it gets deeper than Deepak Chopra except he keep a stack and some cheap ass vodka knee-cap poppa, only when he miss the chewy center at least he always hits who he meant ta remember he got a short fuse and bad temper and a plan to claim emperor by December member of the most player-hated race who made this invaded place and stated with a straight face if I cut her off I might miss her and one of these days, right in the kisser she probably get mad at me, I bet ya it gets her nowhere like flattery she said, "Where were you last Saturday? and don't lie, we got your fingerprints off the battery" don't make me have to bling you or see you in the street and doubleteam you with the emu he told her, "When the ?gem paper tear off? it'll probably tear her ear off before y'all even square off" no good good-for-nothin kill her high for no frill like 'Good Will Huntin' he feels out a place like bizarro fiesty chick, comes all out her face like Charro it's Vaughn, he's back on and you know he don't care like Jimmy Crackcorn wax off, wax on tried to raise taxes on cracks and black porn another year passes gone are the days when he used to wear glasses now he wear contacts, unfrozen caveman look over the contracts these crews is too soft he came to tear the roof off to get paid to goof off they don't really wanna battle all they gon' do is get mad and go tattle tell 'em a retard said it he ripped up the weak heart, sighed and jetted you gotta give us three card credit even though at times he can be hard-headed yeah, the main thing, creams by all means and harebrained schemes the lord's performance was flawless he rocked with a crown and a Bobby Brown cordless the broad he was with was gorgeous the only flaw he saw was she cause a nigga more stress not trying to diss her but I used to know this sister that could put a whole fist in her Hell, I made it momma grammy for the world's most celebrated rhymer dead the drama, ?scama?, 4 G's of pizzy from Bahama V, the lead brown man and never count your chickens before you read SoundScan what about mom and pops? they might as well cooperate and wait 'til the bomb drop get more cabbage, often time he wonder how they get so savage V, not your average, often time he wonder how they got so savage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Vaudeville Villain Song: Change the Beat (Bonus Track) Typed by: wheights25@hotmail.com A modern day marvel but terrible, better horrible When he grab the mic, son he crushed up all his metacarpals He said he ain't mean it, totally by accident After the show, he didn't follow where y'all taxi went Will this be available on wax? Ask Max Mill They on the opposition to his ass wack tax bill But will it pass the senate? Slum lord tenant And super like 1-A, have a fun stay One day, he plan to put in a runway With enough land for his own projects and gun play Section 8 penthouse, maid look like Faye Dunaway Alotta y'all assed out like gay runaways It's how they say "semi-risque" All day everyday, give out Emmy's the quick way Have the average mc say, "Gimme a sick day!" They really ain't got shit to say like Timmy McVeigh Get a hunch, a real rag tag bunch In school, he kept a doo rag in his bag lunch Just to eat heads on some breakdance shit and spit He ripped this skit in sanscript If the pants fit, sport 'em but rock 'em low Your man like Rollo on the slow, can't knock it though It's like the same hustle bro, two knuckles glow Tucked in Le Tigre, just let the name buckle show Good googly moogly, see that loogie? Yeah, but keep it on the D.L. Hughley You don't watch her, he might Houser like Doogie Just to cut her loosie like *swoosh* Mitsurugi Gooey gum drops, who he got his style from? His pops, you gotta give the bum some props Ask ya sister, her beat box is more thicker Doom, that nigga detox with malt liquor Villain for hire, admire the sound Make sure The Price Is Right before he come on down! Rappers be on some, "You you you!" Forgot who they talking too, too much pork stew They need to not come out with nothing new Blew the whole shit up on some, "What this button do?" Doom cheat the game like walk-thru Run 'em, son 'em like Mr. Rourke do Tattoo The way alotta clowns get down is unnatural This flow flip like oranges, apples Rhymes like limes to a Lemonade Snapple Leave her at the chapel, don't eat Scrapple First thing they notice when they come to is they bling is gone Then they start remembering the Klingon with the rings on In came the Villain with their own gear like, "Hi, there" Y'all play the rear, this whole year MY year Metal face beard like Brillo pad Y'all know his steelo so don't feel so bad Seed call him, "Ol' dad," the one the ol' hoe had Knew he was a winner since a swimmer in the gonads Okay pal, pay him like Paypal So we could be A-OK not OK Corral I think today I'll make the ladies say, "Ow" And maybe fuck around take a bow, now Who made his first mill and still carry razor blades Used to be straight A's and still made the grade Retarded ass, how he get cash so fast Year after last, left back in the retarded class Shoulda went to Boces Watch him all closely, who he think he supposed to be Villain who always win, at least he stay consistent Find out where that bitch went, get a room pitch a tent Yo yo, Max, yo change the beat yo You got another one ... nah yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Subroc's Mission Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Subroc-Talking] Man, (I need a shave and a haircut) Not now Come back like in a hour and a half or something, know what I'm saying? .. (I hope to see you sooner than you think) [Subroc] Well I guess I'm up and at 'em and I'm ask a say I'm goin and strollin this typical day So I can go Mother may I? No I may stay Okay, straight to the back and I'm out Anyway they step to war bounds More than can each and all my posse makes crazy pounds Live from Diego to Shabone and that new kid Dave He had a willy doe, my afro he did save This kid waited crazy long for a cut and shouted "I do crave" (A haircut and a shave) Yeah mischief ran through my head, guess what? My clipper's are broke, I guess I treat 'em like a nut He choose to do a capoof my through the scald Oops! My bad chief ya half bald In a mirror he looked, side to side his head shiftin Stop wishin, til he knew...(it's the mission) Now this mistake I bettered from, yeah trust me now Come come and take a pick... from the barber Mr Roc It was the least and last strength, mmmmm Then again sneaky might I get Only thin patience in your heart is set If patient, then me a cut patient G And I'll seek to get it done in a jiffy You know it's Serch ass cut the 3-R-D-B I set sounds quick then you draw til I can sees it Draw X, Sub, the barber is you My sight's sketch when I off hand, you can do By this compliment I became conceded I said I cannot be topped, another cut completed I said with no heso and stopped Just to be blocked by the words he did amount to say.. This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day [Subroc] Again and again I go to guess where or when Is this mad mission's gonna end? And so a new trend will begin and bent ya soul to the bone KMD rocks styles of they own I beg ya pardon? me and five friend and we race Culture person, people think I may be place went out to here but he Sub's in town Come in my face we go rounds I study I Self And Master (Yo God you left out Law) help me out I'm hazy Oh ZLX gimme a pause (Zev Love X: What are you doin on the mixin board, are you crazy!?!?) Crazy and tamper with the universe, yeah that's me I give little Mike the chance to stay on beat.. (I like to dance and tap my feet but they won't keep in rhythm) What is it? This is the mission of the day...in fact, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission This is the mission of the day...in fact!, it's the mission [Subroc] (..Yeah)Take your choice but the voice you choose You be more than fat, cuz the noise is thick And that gets picked quick in twos Goin for self ya best to sip booze Who will lose to fall when they know what stood? How now they all seperate ill from good He said it loud and that they should cup The whole crowd was proud and then learned to book up Cook up, better look it up, take a peek where ya stand With a Nubians hand, ya strange in this land Oh yeah but fight I'll judge the fruit I don't care of it, not a bit, don't hand me that shoe I'll help to shape and mold my boys before dips is turned to stone And then I can escape to a world of my own This is the mission of today, in fact! (It's the mission) [Subroc-Talking] Who that? Come in (I will like to introduce my friend, Mr. Smith) Yo, what's up, man? (Well, look I want a haircut) Come on now, I told you I ain't ? (Listen, short I'd tell you what I'll do If you give me a haircut I will promise you not to pay you) Not to pay me? (Listen, shorty this is silly! Shorty you ain't no helping me at all, you know that?) I ain't trying to be no help (No, no, none of that stuff is helping me out,so. Gimme a haircut as long as I ?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KMD Album: Mr. Hood Song: Who Me? (With an Answer from Dr. Bert) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch. "Once upon a time there was a little boy  who lived in the deep, dark jungles of Africa His name was Little Sambo" [ Zev Love X ] ( *mumbling* ) [ Subroc ] Uh-oh, ZL's X-ercising his right to be hostile... [ Zev Love X ] They always - they always try to say that coon is me for some reason [ Subroc ] I don't understand, man [ Zev Love X ] You don't understand?! [ Subroc ] No, I don't know [ Zev Love X ] My temper tempers up to like tenward Switched up with thoughts that I recommend My nest is flood but thicker is blood Plus still some stay stud like sticks in the mud Ibuprofen from ( ? ) keep me from flippin' daily Yet I constantly slip into thinkin' kinda loony In my logo you see us? Whoever said that coon was me? OH NO! [ Chorus 4X ] Who me? Oh... OH NO! [ Zev Love X ] Holy smokes! I see it's a joke To make a mockery of the original folks Okay, joke's over, but still it cloaks over us  With no luck from no clover This, irritates X, so goes into my text Tolerates one N-word complex Subroc, etched the fuzz of what once was In eighty-deca the joke's on Cuz Those on top of my head stand seven thick Hairs that even if I wanted to I couldn't pick Pigment, is this a defect in birth? Or more an example of the richness on Earth? Lips and eyes dominant traits of our race Does not take up 95 percent of one's face But still I see In the back two or three Ignorant punks pointing at me OH NO! [ Chorus 4X ] Who me? Oh... OH NO! [ Onyx ] Who me?  Yo, I begs your pardon But have you ever seen this brother walkin' around here anywhere? That must be missing person Have you ever saw his face on a milk carton? [ Zev Love X ] Tricky tricky, must be part of the "Gas Face" series The same one who started black cat bad luck theories Yeah, he done it, this place, he runs it And I'm guilty, Alcatraz till four hundred Judge ye not the unjudged is where he slipped The real guilty is filthy, he chipped Egypt Blew the nose right of the Sphynx, now when he inks Ugly as when our hair kinks, we thinks Then zap goes the nap, now I gots good hair If that's good hair then bad's a hood's hair Comb-twisted dome, braided or faded The first man played it and now we hate it? Robbed of our culture, true indeed I bear witness And recommend this mental fitness So get this loaded toolie and point it at a ghoul, G Then ask him: "Who you callin' moolie?" OH NO! Who me? Oh... OH NO! Who me? Oh... OH NO! Who me? Oh... OH NO! Who... [ Zev Love X ] Ah man, damn, man.  Yo, they wanna call me a monkey, a coon, a jiggaboo a boogieman... Yo Bert Yo...  Bert [ Bert ] Um, what is it? [ Zev Love X ] Yo G, they wanna call me all these names [ Bert ] Aha I know what we can do [ Zev Love X ] What can we do? [ Bert ] We'll ask someone out there to find... (Little Sambo) [ Zev Love X ] What you be meanin', G? [ Bert ] Okay, pick up a crayon... (Who me?) No, them [ Zev Love X ] Us? [ Bert ] Yes Kids pick up a crayon, look for... (Little Sambo) When you find him, draw a circle around him [ Zev Love X ] Yo Bert, you gets props, G [ Bert ] ( *laughs* ) [ Zev Love X ] Yo, have dap, man [ KMD ] Peace [ Zev Love X ] Yo, you got to rock that Hum shit for me later, too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Trial 'N Error Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Now just listen to what I say" "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.."  "Awww, I made a mistake" "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "You shouldn't be upset!"*} [Zev Love X] Well Love tries, to come across swift, not stuck up Rise, to minimize the fuck-up, smooth Rollin in a jazzy light groove, gots nothin to prove though Just to show how I flow Like water through yo' kitchen faucet Notice the fine line - try crossin it! Don't even pause it, I roar like a lion You duck, you quackin - so who you tryin? The main, communicator, Z.L.X-act Subroc's kickback will crack who can't hack Range is point blank but my page ain't You see I speak bold print like black spraypaint Into the, extra strength new print cause I'm stressed Zev Love test, God damn, God bless So let it go, cause it'll just be another Love TKO So don't try me [Chorus] - second 1/2 [Zev Love X] Yeah I'mmm - servin this one no preservatives Into sections described from a plank, I'm a splinter Chip off the new block, Zev Love X-Pel it And how I tell it will remain a relic True, black and hard, but I'm no Blackstone There's no presto in my manifesto So, take the L, cause you can't take the Z.L. Neither the X, so I don't suggest trial While, comin off is like a habit, so pardon I'm too quick to smoke dancer sticks by the carton I ain't startin a habit if Subroc is not venomous He's more antidote, cheerin when you're hearin him So listen up, LISTEN CLOSELY, who's supposed to be comin off if we're not? What I mostly see is scrubs boastin free But the low key X marks the spot So don't try me [Chorus - Alternate] "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." To the bridge, to the bridge, to the bridge, to the bridge (Okay!) {*musical breakdown followed by scratch: "Go right ahead!"*} [Zev Love X] One for the disarranged, two for the duration of time Ticks and ticks on as I speak +Three+ for +the Hard Way+, for real earns pay No need for a 9 to 5, week by week Zev Love is for the birds, I save the ducks But birds if you will stay perched on my jock Through rough productions we make bucks And still kill two birds with one Subroc You wish to go rounds on this dancer stick mister? This we can do Mr. Magoo, list your bets Here's eight cards and your odds A stitch in time, will save nine yards But if one is ripped, how can one expect to sew shit up in 80-decca? I think you need a new sewin needle my friend So try, try again, but don't try me [Chorus] - second 1/2 [Zev Love X] Before I kicks it, would anyone care for a cigarette? ... Speechless, I figured it I understand, followin the leader is a cinch And suckers out, cause every inch I move and flinch Nerve pinch strain on my brain from migraine pain Damn it's my turn to explain The rules of the game, why me? Well if at once you don't succeed, don't try me!  "I wanna try" "Good for you!" "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"I made a mistake"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"Everyone makes mistakes!"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"I'm gonna try it"*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {*"I'm gonna try.."*} "Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {repeat 4X} I'm out.. we're like AUDI The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KMD Album: Mr. Hood Song: Hard Wit No Hoe Typed by: minty@cowcud.demon.co.uk Intro ----- [I wish I could go along with you, but I do have a problem. I've got my (Soul!), but I can't find my (Damn Hoe!)] Verse 1 ------- Poor X, not only do I headsweat from headsets Full-time Era come at X from knockin' Z's correct Next step's to count sheep But too many sheep ain't jumpin' hurdles, they sleep Yeah, they sleep, I think I'll check a shorter story Title: Bo's Hoe, sound's boring, perfect for these sleepless nights, though I feel quite over-aged Yeah, I know...turn the page Verse 2 ------- [Ha-ha huh...let's begin!] Book-marks the first page And reads once upon an age in a far far land lived three farmers, Tom, Sam and Bo of course From behind Tom's black fence Tom peeps across just to witness Sam's crop business boomin' like the big guy's, but get this Sam sold to uncles and cousins, poor Tom crams He sold his to get a fence like Sam (yeah) Page 2: Sam view's the sight - What goes at Bo's over his picket white Slowly he peeks only to see Bo plantin' sweet potatoes with his brand new hoe Bo sees Sam but's not frettin', more sweatin' Thinkin' about steppin' to the crib, forgettin' 'bout his brand new hoe, Old Mickey D would say Sam's tricky The plot thickens, onto page 3... Verse 3 ------- Top of the mornin', sun's up, skies are blue Once nothin...then cock-a-doodle-doo All three knew this tool more than well Sure beats alarm bells, they induce head swells Well, clock says Sam's off to tend to his crop Time says Farmer Tom's off to mop Bo's up and at 'em, then twitches one eye for something here is not quite cipher "E-I-E-I-O!" screamed Bo "Left on my lawn, now it's gone, where's my hoe? O woe is me, how will I ever plant seeds Lay the fertilizer, dig up the weeds? Plus make true my foremost desire To get a picket fence and trash the chicken wire?" By, uh, 100% life gets hard When one hoe goes from one's garden Verse 4 ------- Page 4: Little Bo weeped Cleared tears from eyes then Little Bo peeped through a hole in Sam's six foot fence where Sam was seen plantin' tall and short pea plants Hence the moral of the fable: Always keep a boring book on your night table A Tom is not able But when you grow up to be a farmer keep an eye on your yard Cuz with no hoe it's hard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: 808 Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*beatboxing in the background*} Boring... same ol' Sunday type shit Man, kinda boring Hey you, kid! (Who me?) Yeah you Ahh what are you listenin to in that there Walkman huh? (The new "Gas Face" rewrote'd by K.M.D.  It's kind of funky with a lot of bass) Yeah but I bet you wonder where they got the bass from huh? (I don't really care) Don't care? Well let me you this story Go on now, let him tell you this story [Zev Love X] Friday, I believe it was a payday Onyx, Subroc and myself goes out of subway To catch the X train, the drums roll Brooklyn Plan was a night of intense hookin We enter the club, where we hooked 'til we drop When stopped, to exit, I spoke of this prop Talked about her bouncing guns The word buns was on the tip of my fun swing {"All at once!"} Approached this big fat seven foot.. {"I'll teach you to talk to my girl!"} Said the hood Sub and I geesed, Onyx sped up the block And it was fast, I looked back and Fats was headlockin him I was clockin, about two blocks per minute And then I thought, that voice there's somethin definitely familiar in it Not long did I cram From the lows, I knows it was the 808 Man "Thump... thump... THUMP!  They heard the.." {Eight-oh-eight} {MAN!} [Zev Love X] Clockin crazy mileage like a 60-deck of math Ducked into an alley like on Kickdrum Ave. Stopped and told Sub, but Sub was stumped I said do you recall the bass that thumped in the Jeeps of the streets, as the pedestrian bops? Heard with vocals where any hip-hop beat drops Y'know the bass fool! {"And everything happened as it did before"} But Sub wasn't passin it To escape harassment, I booked like a crook Out of sight, all my mics was took Conscience eatin me, my boy's hooked in Hook off the 808 Man, so I peeps to look No immediate danger did I see myself in Watchin 'round the block thinkin "Ehh, who's missin him?" Onyx was headlocked and Subroc was half nelson'd Think I was wrappin up? Man, listen (Man you guys must have been really scared!) Was I? You think I wasn't?! Man I was petri-scared stiff! (What were you thinkin about?) [Zev Love X] I was thinkin about my cousin Enus, if he asked me once He asked me a dozen times to go bowlin with him But still I wasn't runnin from the Bass, Man as he walked up Then from the back of my thoughts I forked up The teachings of Mr. Hood And I began to recall when suddenly it dawned on me Lesson one - if a sucker tries to come, let him come By then the hood was up on me Lesson two was to recite the words you can't do me none Even though you might be bluffin, it's nothin Follow procedure and sure 'nough, no doubt Left that seven foot fat hood whupped out Lesson three said a keeper of a hood is his brotherhood As we helped him up he said "Damn! You sure pack a punch, I had a hunch you was a hood Well if you ever need bass, hook up with the 808 Man" Say word Man tried to get me to throw hands, I had to go HU HUH! Yeah check it out yo, yo that's a tight headlock true indeed Yeah, the half nelson got me in a neck brace Yeah, but kid you know where they got the bass from now? (Yeah yeah, sure do!) Yeah yeah word But I'll tell you what I'll give you this exclusive K.M.D. album tape, unreleased! (Sweet, thanks!) (I'll let my boy Lil' Rock hear it, I'll let Bill hear it) (And my mom and dad will hear it) Yo yo, don't let nobody dub it, don't let nobody dub it Don't let somebody dub it, you'll get funked Now scram, or 808 Man'll do ya Now get up out of here, you thumpty-hump dump head (What?) Yeah yeah, just scram, scram Get out of here (808) {Man} ... (808) {Man} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Humrush Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [dialogue excerpts from Bert and Ernie of "Sesame Street"] [E]	Bert, is that you? [B]	Ahh, an empty place -- oh I love it! 	A perfect place to practice the exciting art 	of - humming! [E]	Bert? [B]	Heheheheh Chorus: * humming in background * [Zev]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Onyx]	Hum along, if you can't sing along you hum along [Roc]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Zev]	Yeah, hum along with Zev Love X [Zev Love X] * humming in background * Hmm, hmm! Very interesting this thing Coming and drumming there's hummingbirds with wings and feathers of the same, so we flock much plus rock, so on and so such, I clutch this mic, to touch like an entire stadium With my boys to aid me so we'll play, if you pay me some Beats sound fickle rented Jeep sounds sickenin to those with no soul, as I roll with my ? ( * humming ends * ) Bugle boy, bugle boy, toot your own horn Frugal won't endure, as the talents was born Minus, the Jim-jinkle-jankle-Hammerschitt His name, ain't my name, cause X ain't permittin shit I's no hypocrite, so yo, zip your lip Z.L. be rippin, out we'll rip No no no, shake your hip, or your rump Forget about what I'm sayin, pump your fist to the drum and ( * Bert laughs * ) Chorus: * humming in background * [Onyx]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Roc]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Zev]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Onyx]	Hum with the Birthstone Kid [Onyx] * humming in background * You could have sworn I was a WHAT? A Penn Station pennybegger I gots more songs than your neighborhood bootlegger Swingin hard like a forty-deuce on a hooker Cuter than Booker, a real good looker ( * Bert laughs * ) Yeah, a brown man is gettin down and to this funky sound and you'll check it out, so plops the sound man I'm just the R&B's beats kickers kickin lingo til comes, my payday, if rap was soccer I'd be Pele ( * humming ends * ) Scorin hard I eat no porkchops or lard So trust in me becaue you, trust in God The Lord, bet I proves, just began for this man Cause the bills stay paid from this mic within my hand I'm not your average everyday cotton-pickin or bailin hay hoe trickin brother who likes to eat chicken Anyway, just hum along, as the drummer drums along This I bring along, not to sing along, but just to ( * Bert laughs * ) Chorus: * humming in background * [Roc]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Zev]	Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along [Onyx]	Ya hum along, if you can't sing along ya hum along [Roc]	Hum with the one Subroc [Subroc] * humming in background * Hurry hurry hurry step right up and I'll sing it So bring it back and forth, just to swing it Hmm, a voom to a hum can get smooth So I choose to rock slow to amuse ( * Bert laughs * ) to the apex, I strides from L.I. Strong to the car new age, to rip raw Need no rehease, I bust fat styles galore Self Universal Born Ruler Cypher Cee no more, hear no more ( * humming ends * ) Can no more, huh, I fear less or I guess I toss or throw it up and when it drop I'm forced to blow it up Give a little, take a little, grunt, or fake a little pause you wanna counterfeit the Kause ain't havin it ( * Bert laughs * ) ( * humming again * ) All your hopes cease, so listen closely HUSH I wrote boastin note, you can't stop the humrush 	Bow, blowin up! One nine eight, X plus 	And this is how we kicks it, for eighty decker 	This is for the Gods, the Gods, you don't stop, heh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Brand Nubian Album: Mr. Hood Song: Nitty Gritty Typed by: dyslexis@aol.com Ay-yo, peace god, Shaquan Allah! Yo peace, this J-Quest the Boogie Man Yo, peace, god, D-Black Peace to the gods! Tony D. from the Now Rule mob Ay-yo, ain't them the gods K.M.D. in matter of fact? Yeah, K.M.D. - yo, ain't them the brothers Brand Nubians? Yo, I heard they go by the name of the God Squad, what's up with that? The Five Percent and the Ansaar together? That is something totally new indeed, god, true indeed god [Zev Love X] Check it out! Born again, my soul then, blends K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends X tends to grip palm in cousin calm In this knowledge of self, so commence to bombin' As alarmin' as a beep from your beeper What you needed was a wake-up call to the Sun, you sleeper You don't wanna get wolfed by the wolf, does ya? [Naaah] Good guessin' - switch the pitch up Another session from the infamous God Squad See, we's all peas in the same pod, god On and upright, getting downright knit With rod held up tight, 'cause I'm sick wit' Nitwit Witnesses knockin' at my door Preaching the Lord to change your life around I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, relax The nit-wits guzzle 85 proof that's Max! [Grand Puba Maxwell] God Cipher Divine, as I build on an incline Quick to help another, 'cause I know I'ma get mine Build-Powers think they hard, but they killin' they own kind Emphatically no, divine evil got him in his mind Now you caught a case you're in the mountains, you're a lifer With no skins from your girl, that's a He-Cipher-Monkey-Cipher Or you can use the next plan Vaseline, a magazine or your lovin' hand I know you know who got you livin' like this, Black man So honey, honey, honey, with the real big titties... "Let's get right down to the real nitty gritty now!" Put some clothes on that behind And maybe brothers wouldn't think skins all the time You wanna look lustful, but don't want them to lust Which is crazier than a bag of dust So weavy weavy weavy is quick to deceive me So I had to tell Weavy weavy, leave me [Onyx the Birthstone Kid] Yeah, I hear you Haji, but yo, I got something for those that are frontin' out there, god Now ain't that the pits - another brother's blown to bits But when the news hits, everybody catch fits He gets mad, but still at home we sits Piggin' out on the big pig, spoon to the grits Talkin' 85 jive, brothers they wanna get live But some funk while I strive See I strive, I gotta keep gods steppin' in harmony The devils try bombin' me, the devils try Tommin' me up But Now Cipher Way, I gots knowledge of self I been had it, but it's a bad habit to health See I build with the Nubians I chill with I fill with - my Zig-Zag-Zig I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat The devil man in this land, he won't allow that So brother man, I don't wanna bust you But if you don't know the devil, then how can I trust you? Know'm sayin'? [Lord Jamar] Ay-yo, true indeed Onyx, they don't know the time on the dial It's like this... Life's hardships Stones are placed and one must face trips Falls and spills and kills and cause mishaps These are some of his traps But I got a jewel which needs no gift wrap So just receive, believe when shown the light The devil gets left, the Gods gotta get right To the source of our loss, stop wearing the cross Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss!" and When you do, from the other you won't beg Can't you see my brother, yo, the Arma-Legga-Leg Arm supreme Head And instead Of relyin', why don't you start tryin'? You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt 'Cause when you stop tryin' that Makes victory exempt from your cipher The life you lead is not hype The Black man was not born to be a gutter snipe Or an alley cat - you should be steppin' to the rally fat Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know So, get up and go Get yourself a book of life instead of living life like a hooker! Know'm sayin, that's the knowledge of self And do for self! Black man gotta move on... [Subroc] I see some so dense Man, from head to toe they're full of lead I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead So I talked, chilled, before I flipped! 'Cause in actuality my man's mentality was stripped Back to the roots I am, that I am a king Cream in the coffee? No thanks, plaything You simple teenage, you thought you got the knack to be Black State of mind ain't like mine I got soul that you lack Each one teach in every town, we like that The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that Coon, jigaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix Get a clue, or get the Book of Psalms, 82 and 6 "All gods, and children of the Most High" Cave-guys still fry in the Sun, and don't deny I got a third eyesight vibe that don't lie I AM that I AM good night, divine evil's the bullseye Bam! Right between the eyes! So y'all know who's the target right? [Sadat X] Yeah, I hear ya Subroc, and I see it like this: It's a modern type of style, look at what I did A devil still can't build a pyramid I dug a - tunnel to Asia Wrote a speech with a laser Rush your brain with a [???] strain A god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn Smacked a man 'cause he tried to serve a plate of ham Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's knotty dread [? He got a dude that's Fred, used to be a foot Fed The city {???] suspension?], and I forgot to mention That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough Zig-zag-zig, watch the Black man get big and burst The Black man is first I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels Bust it! [everyone] Yeah! You know what I'm sayin'?  It's time to build, it's time to build... We gotta raise up the dead... Word is bond, we gotta reach them - let 'em see the light You know what I'm saying? True indeed... 'Cause each one must teach one, that's how we reach one God Squad - getting down to the Nitty Gritty... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Peachfuzz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * girls giggling * [Onyx] Oh Pete Nice? I'm smoother than him, man I mean he wears suits and all, you know no disrespect.. *incomprehensible* [Girls] Yeah right, just a thought (* giggling *) [Zev Love X] Heavy D yo, the girls they love me (* girls crack up *) They love me, I just know it! [Onyx] Yea Positive K? He's dip dip divin ?? [Girls] Yeah right [Zev Love X] Yeah LL, yo he might keep the girls +Jinglin+  but yo.. I'm the man (* girls crack up *) I'm the man, as a matter of fact Yo, see they laughin at me man [Girls] I'm the man! [Zev Love X] Yo, that ain't right Yo, well anyway By the hairs of my chinny chin chin, gots many plus plenty String by string, I think I counts like twenty If you loan me a ear, I'll return it with interest If not, I'll simply twist the wrist So listen up closely, with thoughts to recoup me Cause I hope to gross like ten cent per groupie Now only if I had two G's per strand Ask my anchor banker, he understands I used to wrap my hand around a cold gold can Someone once said health is wealth, so check self I gots a perfect check-up, 'cept for a hiccup, roll with no stick-up How can I keep the goya nectars on my shelf? Oh boya how I searched for an employer But before Zeale Huckleberry film was in Tom Sawyer Now use your imagination, just a smidgen If I was a bird I'd be a pigeon Succumb one to crumbs and pizza crust, when every fella can eat fresh fish and live fat like pelican Then again, that's only if your capable for freckles or blue eyes -- I settle for Heckle'n'Jeckle while I chuckle at my man with the cellular phone The only phone I own's a funky xylophone's tone Ain't no joint in, annoyin high-pitched ringin We do the tap twist and twitch bringin through soul and this cordless thingamajig Sure as Onyx's clippers etch a clue to your wig We'll do the gig so make your mind ?? The pipe, the bowl or us fiddlers, don't riddle us I'll even ride a bus to the coast if clear For okay pay, I'll say ?? Now all this runnin round's kickin me right in the rear And still I'm judged by the hairs on my chinny chin chin And I'm able to hit a skin (* girls giggling *) just like my man Puba Maxwell, so I'm smooth [Onyx] Yeah, candy get the job done but yo, I take care of business [Zev Love X] {Peachfuzz} Now what's up with this peachfuzz nonsense? {Peachfuzz} What are y'all talkin about this peachfuzz? {Peachfuzz} Nah, I just got one thing to say {Peachfuzz} Ahh man.. [Onyx] By the hairs of my chinny chin chin, six black hairs String by string, I think I counts five pairs That's a little, but still, can I get a thumbs up? At least for the peachfuzz that sums up a tidbit, yeah that's it, but who gives a sugar honey iced tea besides me For if, I ever riff, yet and still, ? windmills So I take time just to kill I say cute is for a bear, teddy bear like Teddy Ruxpin Would I be handsome if I pimped in a tux then smoked a cigar with some black chinese shoes then picked up some friends in my Benz and start cruisin Huh, that's a dream that I ain't even livin If that makes a man, surely I'll recommend I'll stay a toy boy eatin Butterfingers With Knowledge of Self, and colorin books on my shelf I wanna grow up, cause maybe if I did then I wouldn't be treated like a Toys'R'Us kid when they counts ten upon my chin By the hairs of my peachfuzz, let's say each was an inch, psych because I can't pull or pinch It's a wrench, and I thought life would be a cinch But anyway, anyhow, let's talk about someway somehow that I can make my peachfuzz grow out Really, do I need beard that grows with no pores just to be respected and resemble Santa Claus? Hear this clear, I'm a MAN I tell ya No dreams or drugs like the slugs will I ever sell ya A man I am, in the body of a youth So don't play me like I'm Born Universe Truth Truth So when I knock at your hearts, let me in And judge me not by the hairs of my chinny chin chin [Onyx] Yeah, that's what we call, pimpin presence yo Call me tonight, knowhatI'msayin?  [Girls] (* girls laughing *) You got it [Zev Love X] Yeah, you know I eat no pork So why can't I be as smooth as my man Dr. York? (* girls crack up *) I see none! [Onyx] Yo.. I'm smoother than the bottom of Hammer's shoes after three hundred spins [Zev Love X] No love here No hair on my chest, but my boy Ak West, I'm just smoother I'm just smoother [Girls] Yeah right [Onyx] I'm definitely smoother than y'all just saw [Girls] It's about time! [Zev Love X] I'm sayin, yo but, I don't want to hear {Peachfuzz} none of this peachfuzz nonsense {Peachfuzz} (Can't understand) Peachfuzz {Peachfuzz} You know {Peachfuzz} * girls giggling * [Girls] {Peachfuzz} He's a little boy {Peachfuzz} * giggling * {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} * laughing * {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} {Peachfuzz} .. * fades * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Mr. Hood Song: Preacher Porkchop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	I want you to understand 	a few words of Knowledge, Wisdom, and Understanding 	from a soul, rappin man 	Has more weight in this life 	than, one-thousand men 	of science and technology, ever can! [Zev Love X as Preacher Porkchop] Whoo! Yo, thank YAH, Deacon DJ Du Dot Naww, I'd like to introduce, MAHself as, the Preacha Po'kchop (Amen! Amen!) And I'm gon' go on, because y'all know I got it GOIN ON! (Amen! Amen!) Yea, now today I'm gonna talk about MAH life (Talk about it! Talk about it!) MAH days, of growing up in the church of GAWD and Christ They tried, to put ree-strictions on MAH LIFE! (Talk about it!) They said that, a preacher could, ROCK THE MIC! (No no no!) WHAT?! Huh, but I said wrong (It was wrong, it was wrong) They also said THAHT, a Preacha could not PIMP STRUT! (No no no!) I can not PIMP STRUT! But I said WRONG! (Talk about it!) No one tells Preacha Po'kchop, what to do with his LAYFE! And no one, can tell the church, what to do with THEIR LAYFE! The church, controls the church (Yeah, yeah!) So if you want to switch up, say switch up! (SWITCH UP!) * beat changes * Yeahhh, now that's what I'm talkin! (Mr. Hood: Yes) Mellowness, yes! Anything is possible in MAH church! That's right it's MAH church! Yeah! Do you understand? (Mr. Hood: Yes, yes I understand) Somebody in the church UNDERSTANDS what I'm talkin about today! (Mr. Hood: Yes) Hah, well now I'm droppin science! Hah, I'm droppin, BAWMBS! Hah! Up in mah church todayahhh, hah! Somebody say yeasss, yesss lawwwd! Glory to Gawd, glory to Gawd! Preachas, you betta WATCH yo' church because Po'kchop, is on his way Yes, bringin the truth beyond doubt that I've been covered by Moses Yeah preachas, you know you're to the curb! Stealin money, from out the church pan to put gas, in yo' Cadillac But Po'kchop, I pimp struts! I pimp strut! Now, you know I know what's goin on My vision is NOT blaurrhy That's why, mah church does not have to worry Because I preach, to teach, and reach one each! Ha hah! (Amen!) Now, on that token, Deacon Du Dot, do dat! 	Sermon said, you'd lose 	Spiritual awakening, in the sins of mankind 	for the deaf, the dumb, and the blind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: What a Niggy Know? Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "He was a nigga yesterday, he's a nigga today, and he gonna be a nigga TOMMOROW!" [K.M.D.] What a niggy know Yo a niggy know the game What a niggy name, black? X like the flick slick What a niggy clique be? The Kause, CM crew What a niggy do? [Zev Love X] Let the monkey out the Zulu's On my back now repeat I'm the X A biggy not a bigot pass the 40 man I'll take it ta swig Save shit for after the gig ya dig? Buds like figs pick out sticks and twigs Like Sub picks out wigs, I jigs like a shank Zev Love X I be sex like swank So crank up the cuts and get some ups on the Ziggy-ziggy I gots ta gots ta rock the mic and grab my niggy-niggy (Nuts!) One two, sound off chumsy Finna flip the script like roundoff summy Yummy to the tooth, bitter to the tummy Help keeps that monkey monkey shit constipated for me jimmy jimmy rummy Now where my money at fat? Livin like that Ziggy from the funnies cat, yeah We both be in the papers Me from pullin capers with the gatt it's like that [K.M.D.] What a niggy know? Your hoe, she know why What a niggy go by? Dead roach, no joke What a niggy smoke kid? Nothin but the raw spots What a niggy got? [Subroc] Bis-a-busy is a what I get props yo I gets more Stick 'em up a niggy boxed cause i gets raw Lots of many many plenty of leeway Subroc AKA Dingilizwe Cock-a-doodle-do with the head up y'all Like a quadruple fat goose I, swell up child See ya diaper that leaves a soggy I'll bungee jump kick ya butt like Miagi No curls, no braids but steel wool With my ill style mad Gs I pull I lay lower than a limbo stick Follow me quick, or leave alone a jimbo stick Can ya dig it? I roll rugged Clock me dumb and my nigga will fly that nugget To the drum y'all Stung I caught y'all I shadowbox that ass and teleport y'all A yesh yesh y'alls Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all! Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all Like that y'all, yes yes y'all, like this y'all Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all To the beat y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all [Zev Love X] check it! I'm the one hun if ya checkin for the rhyme Some for any party turn my hat back then mic check two Ninety three for the time, c'mon everybody let's rock that That, that, UUNGH, niggaz shoulda known it If I chase the cat I'mma bone it doggone it And good riddance I keep my funky mittens off them kittens and I don't quit But if I catch the AIDS I'll be quittin the bullshittin Written by the pen of the X, ak The chicken crossed the street cause he seen me with a mask Knockin over trash cans and mail boxes on my block (KA-BLAOW!) Sounded like a rock rock y'all Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all Yes yes y'all, like this y'all, yes yes y'all Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all To the beat y'all, like that y'all, like this y'all Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat! ...Ya black bastard! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: Sweet Premium Wine Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com "Forget it, here let's have a drink" "You're drinking too much of that wine of yours" "I'm fine, why don't you and I have a drink?" "But of course there's no wine in the world like...(sweet premium)" [Zev Love X] Boom Boom Tap (Sweet premium (8x)) (Sweet!) (16x) [Zev Love X] (know what I'm sayin?) Boom crack C'mon two, one check it out Sweet Premium See me I'm chillin' like the maniacal villian that I am Pull a scam It's my kind of jam buddy pal, see first name Al last name Key-holic I never fill my toilet with guts what's up why they shut down do-the-butts store for? If I had a dime for every quarter last year I paid some ol' dude to get beer for me from 7-11 Zev and crew mad ho he say fuck some odd D-A rap wrecked over ooh(?) break He shoulda saved it for eight bucks in his pocket he coulda used the loot for ice on his eye socket old daddy looked like his age matched his ounces (Yeah!) I guess that's how the B-Boy bounces as he bops and drops the empty bottle, near the sewer I dose like two or twenty with my crew Oh yeah, I knew a old lady, who swallowed St. Ides I don't know why she swallowed St. Ides Some use the EZ wides other strip the Philly sheets I feel like big willie Watch my brothers get illy with the sweets (Sweet!) (16x) (Sweet Premium wine!) ("Hey, you know what this is?") ("Sweet Premium Wine!") (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) [Subroc] You know I'm complex-cated like a Rubic's Cube puzzle Who said I drink? I don't drink I guzzle till I'm distorted I'm known as the brain boggler No Listerine! I'm the alchahol burgalar Don't drink that, that ain't OE in it Gary peter plays too much it's all pee in it I'll be livin' in the bottle I be in it to win it, or maybe even steal it Yo let me top the bottom It better be cold, let me feel it I got stress I sip booze to heal it Take your time, relax your mind I relax fine with premium wine Your body, yeah now that's what I'm talkin "I been watchin you watchin me" hawkin that ass I tag and then dip I'll still be bad as hell if I slip, stagger or trip Don't try to flip on me First I'll warn you Then burst a whole wine bottle on you Won't wanna be ya, see ya flat on concrete You know the time, you know the grime I call that nigga sweet (Sweet!) (16x) ("Hey, you know what this is?") ("Sweet Premium Wine!") (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) (Hey, you know what this?) (Sweet Premium wine!) "Want some more wine?" "I got some Sweet Premium...do you reckon you can get it?" "Sweet premium, you bastard, die!" "Uh! I'll kill you bastard!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Earthquake, Kurious Album: Black Bastards Song: Smokin' That Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Why do you keep smoking that shit? Why will you keep smoking that shit?  Why??? Why??? Why do you keep smoking that shit?" Aight, check it out yo, check it out yo I'ma flip yo, check it out - bust it [Zev Love X] I connect to spots like connect-the-dots From the lower Eastside, to way up top I got a map to express on the 6, I found you Where they got the raw dog smoke at Soundview Now, two licks damnit, do you understand? Nuff respect to the dread man or I'ma dead man I ain't no fake man for the red hand It's just my warmth and with instructions from Redman whomever I step to, remove the Phillie {?} Cause I used to know this bitch and it killed her (that bitch is dead) I'm smokin that shit, cause I got a thousand jokes Like puttin your moms in the yoke cause she broke some choke Bitch, you're blowin up the spot, be out Yo either get some dough, or get the fuck down South with your bitch-ass son, and tell him throw up his dukes So I can spend his lunch loot at noop noop [Kurious] Check it I do the hip, hop, the hibby, the hibby dibby Kurious the too-fly magician, never givin these niggaz a piece of my pie, cause yo my shit is fat Just like my pockets your girl's titties is flat So when the bitch slid in correct with the funk from the big bra I kindly reply, with a smile, aiyyo chill hooooot damn Uh uh uh, I'm so sorry Umm, eat your tits, cause them shits is from Somalia Check it out, on the one to the two It's some shit from the zoo, it's the C.M. crew Now from the cocks with the blocks on the street or the goat With the 40, the glocks, the Phillie and the smoke Just like George Bush is the type to drop bombs George Kemprias will smoke scarm wit'cha moms Throw a 50 yard pass, with a afro pick to Steve, Earthquake, stop smokin that shit [Earthquake] I keep my gun out my holster, I'm wanted on the poster Cause I shot the sheriff who knocked the cherry off my shoulder He tried to get cute, so Earthquake, had to erase him And place him, in America's Top Ten, like Casey Kasem I tracked him, an actor, with no sense of humor If you heard I fell off nigga, it's only just a rumor So step the fuck back, 'fore you get your shit cracked I had to think up a plan, so now I'm fat like that 280 pounds of pure funk, and no junk I snatch a ho bitch up, just like Dave, did The Chipmunks Kid I'm rough tough, strong enough to call your bluff Handcuff your wife up, while your bitch, give me a buff I do run run run, I do run the MC's The king of rap, you don't believe me? Believe these! Def rhymes on wax, don't call me, send a fax I slam hard like Anthrax, so turn it up to the max STOP! You're pinchin my nerves, with rap slurs I do my best herb, now it's time to get served So suck my dick, I don't smoke that shit I don't want this shit, so you flip the script You know I'm on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT You know I'm on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT I'm always always on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT Yeah I'm on that shit - STOP SMOKIN THAT SHIT [Verse Four] Stop smokin that shit, 'fore you get killed You know the flavor my man, so just chill Now hold your head up and hold your head high Stop smokin the dust, you just might die Relax your mainframe, the bolder gets paid And you won't have no motherfuckin {?} As you know, I'm on the microphone to make you all know that shit that you smoke will make you mad broke I don't give a fuck about you and your crew I'm not too love sick, drink that brew I'm a nasty Jew I don't solve mysteries, never wearin Lees I got the motherfuckin S.I. to be, where it seed So pack up, my man I went out of breath I got asthma on the side, take it on to the left So stop smokin that shit my man And I'm out, see ya later, so kick the can [Subroc] I drink Colt 45 and talk in mad jive You know I stay alive, my niggaz stay alive Easy on the smoke, I don't really feel like tokin I gotta save some breath for this bitch I be strokin Everyday I make a nigga get right Jealous-ass, pussy-ass nigga can't fight I'm in my new disguise, feedin pigeons Ducks, any bird, and bond's my word (word is bond) I make gadgets, illy, ill toys that kill Sleep on me, you'll get a sleepin pill Pin that nigga, down right on the mat (bang!) If you ain't my nigga, don't reach for no gat Slap, right to the head I'm blitzed to whip that ass, {?} style, dead Y'knahmsayin? [Outro] SMOKIN THAT SHIT Yeah, c'mon - SMOKIN THAT SHIT You see a nigga you know - SMOKIN THAT SHIT My man you're cold - SMOKIN THAT SHIT Kurious Jorge I know you're not - SMOKIN THAT SHIT Zev Love what you doin? SMOKIN THAT SHIT Stop SMOKIN THAT SHIT, stop SMOKIN THAT SHIT Hahaha, smokin that motherfuckin shit! Word up, yeah yeah, smokin that shit Smokin that motherfuckin shit, you're motherfuckin right Put the fuckin pipe down!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Contact Blintz Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * this album was only released promotionally (bootlegs do exist though) 	Keep on, you gotta keep on, you gotta keep on! (Repeat 2x) [Zev Love X] You gota to keep on, the break of dawn shit Smoking cancer sticks, and you don't quit We'll never never know retore bit No "What's up X?" The O.E. alcohol I satill get paid and I write albums Sip the coke rums, loop the trope drums Thirst it down, plums I think of stunts are dunce My rap labelmates? They all smoke blunts! We're on this tour once, bus was all full >From Albequerqe to like Acapolco See, it was Lord J, Sadat, Alamo Busta and myself, in the back with the O.O.Z. Deep in Cali near the valley where we saw the rains Sess is the best till all it settles in the brain And if you ever did, God forbid you did Get on that bus and do a red eye to Alex Kidd Word biz, had the whole crew relazing Boogie Brown with the box, booming new tracks and Quest wants a stogie, he told some to ask Dinco He had one more, to best 'em down, now A keep ??? a push by the backside Sneaks hit the blacktop, damn I hate that flat top Just then the bus driver had the nerve to To say "Stop the smoke" he curving and swerving He popped junk like the sea sick sales of fuss Not like we got top post like on that De La bus This was a Greyhound, the bunks were open  So fuck it, let the motherfucker overdose We puffed his luck, he wasn't bullshittin The next L was litten and hitten, so now he quittin' We couldn't stand to stay in San Jose Plus we had a show in L.A. that same day He said he'd take us down but he had to shake us down For 5 yards, between the guards that's might trife Mad heads make mad forwns no might like Let's ask Busta, wanna rim his white wife? Planning to hitchhike, a six-oh, one switch Forces in our midst, on the bust, the boy is one bitch Niggas got edgy like a knife Dedicating niggas delight to my man and his wife You might think that's a bitch, because here's the shit But only one week in Gotham a show at the Ritz 	And you don't quit, til the last Philly is split 	Get a buzzed bus driver over the contact blintz 	And you don't quit, til the last Philly is lit 	Get a buzzed bus driver over the contact blintz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: Gimme Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com (Check check run it) (Uunh, put a little more bass in the bassline) Give it here! (5x) [Subroc] Here we go here we go Give me a girl if not I'll still pull it Gimme a tek 9 millemeter full 'em bullets Gimme like eight quarters for every buck Gimme three feet I swing to fast and duck You suck I give ya gutter balls if you plan strikes cause I'm the pin hitter, skinner of my likes You get it all back and a big bunch of PSYCHES First gimme props and double check 'em like Nikes I be an old man if ya judge by my thoughts Gimme none of those I take no shorts, um If in case ya stop flippin Gimme now take it back and let ya Waltz Whitman Gimme guidline and gimme my toast You pronounce tomato I pro the nouns tomahto Yo black that's my cheese don't touch it it's Nachos I'm a dog every day I taste el gatos Gimme good eats and don't think to pork it I gots a plank and I'll make your mother walk it Don't talk shit New York I stalk it Gimme reason to shut your mouth my fist'll caulk it What ya got? [Subroc] (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) [Subroc] Well welcome me back like my man Cotter If not, I'll leave ya flat broke with nada Cause I gotta keep my style flexin' like areobic Gimme elbow room I'm crazily close to phobic Gimme a doo-rag for my hair I'll give ya a ten foot pole Touch it, it's up your rear I hear a sequence, gimme so I can tell a tattle-teller Now shut your mouth while I speak it accapella I'm the yellow maraca medium brown tone I do what I feel cause child I'm grown Gimme no canola rock oils Gimme alot of loot and I still won't straighten my nappy coils You won't gimme alot of loot? (What!?) I'll give ya alot of lumps My fist'll raise ya and give ya razor bumps Never did like chumps They brought me mad grumps With a grudge, I don't budge like tree trunks I been a bad ass since I's a child Throws me in jail, I got the nail file Gimme a roti for my collibre Trade it to me, yes you should worry, alot What ya got? [Subroc] (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang [Subroc] I'm like a IRS ready to tax someone So when you see me comin come and dreadin' Hold up a big tight fist for power to blacks Gimme a choo choo train for my bad ass tracks Gimme a kite or it might be a head I fly Gimme a old record and kiss that shit goodbye Double or not I want it back Chance it black If it nice roll the dice... Ya got a six, five and a four But the rat-a-tatter in my pocket says I don't think so Give it up (give it here) Whatcha got? Reach grab ya get elbowed or speed knot Gimme a frame I'll put it around you So 5-0s and all my folks can hound you Disrespect my boys will surround you Smack you up, black you up, pound you Down the drain like they is pain Ya can't stand me if ya can't stand the rain Hail earthquakes or thunder So if I knock ya off don't wonder No wonder what ya got [Subroc] (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang (Give it here!) The whole shebang [Subroc] ...Yo if you don't know the time by now...yo check the clock, yeah yeah check the clock, yeah yeah now get on your knees next to my balls and BOX! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Black Bastards Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com * this album was only released promotionally (bootlegs do exist though) 	"I ain't black, I ain't white!" (Repeat 12x) [Zev Love X] Well I'm a be a pleaser, if I had skeezer I'd put skeezers stacked up like ice cubes in my freezer I'd rather live to be an old geezer, O.E. squeezer Any times I need a stress easer Like Ebeneezer Scrooge I'm rude, my batting average is huge Making street kids like Quaker with the goods For as a monkey spits, I never gots the shits Some rappers is faking, they silicon tits with plastic nipples Pass the ripple, or anything sippable Except for plum juice, the plums ??? Slip and slide, the next thing they say is we're with pit Who's to flip? Who's the bitch to get fucked by a clip? Ask Tyson, he knows about a hoe is rotten juice Want fifteen cent, and burning like a loose I take it to the grudge match, and she made my budget budge Kick ehr in her snatch, and drown her in some fudge I judge trees by the fruits and the deepness of the roots Hard pack, and rats, chewing fruits of the roots Some are coming bums, some zoot suit apparel Either way to wreck shop, lock, stock, and barrel Shirts I get ??? some dump especially when I hump Get dough by the lump sum then hops get the jump Sip wine in the dump, rowdy ways of any state When I roll, bounce, rock, skate Life will concentrate, concentration Location's Strong Island, most skeezers on strike like Penn Station If you don't believe me, kid come, I'll show you We'll nurse the black bastards who act like they know you They say 'What up black?" I say "What up?" I'm taking you black Has to be hard they way they master how to act black Give my monkey slack, a funky track, still wack, you're black You suck, you're too black, get your back 	"Ya black bastard!" [Some ragga toaster] Ayo, yo bum raga a la You ain't nothing but a dumb black bastard, man Your mama was a bastard, and your daddy, too [Zev Love X] Yo black, yo black, I'm back ransacking through the stacks Of maniacial thoughts I brought to distort the black Of mistakes of somthing, so Zev says "Keep 'em slum" Styles to dough, rum is on my right Of black bastards and bitches, which reminds me, I left them out Two on my list of shit I don't give a fuck about Smokes an artist and a butcher wears a smock Like a butcher I gots beef with a a looptie for my cock Call me a carpenter from how a brick my lumber got Some now they try yard and black bumba clot it was a lover's birthday party, a block from the spot On stage I heard some off-beat "Lick shots, lick shots!" Well goddamn, guess who, looking bitchy as hell Parker Lewis, well well, I brings an L I gave him a "Beep beep" look, he acted like he couldn't tell I guess that was the sucker in him, ready sense of smell The door said it was insane, the price to maintain The damage has to be hard the way they master how to act like Or off the funky track to rock the house that can bang As we sat with curiosity and sipped champagne See I became undergorund like the life in the street The love of the beat, large is the fleet That will remain underground for all my boys who souls sleep Six feet deeper than the soles of my feet it's like that, never the wack, and actual fact It's like this, sweet as a kiss, I've simply got the knack I've thought I've seen the worst with the pimps and the macks The blacks in skull caps, suckers keep popping that 	"I ain't black, I ain't white!" (Repeat 12x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards Song: It Sounded Like a Roc Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Subroc] There it is there it is boy Oh yeah There it is there it is buddy Aaah yeah Yeah yeah they seem to know the time but um let's see... [Subroc] It's my thing yo it's my thing the way I swing Not even an orangutang can hang on my DING-DING Saved by the bell rang I talk, yell, whisper, mumble street slang with no doubt you Tumble if I flip don't make me shout with my vocal lip A hiphugger, I'll mug ya, if fun to know Slow and steady wins a race I keeps a steady pace In a chase, I'm bookin, cookin feet don't fail me 5-0's can't see me, catch me to jail me Walk the plank, ya damn dime droppers Snitches get stitches, why oh why does my trigger finger itches? Corrupt, I follow my nose it always knows it Open the draw bridge close it close it A doo doo lyric I snuck in cause I chose it Long ding-a-ling dong there big booties grows it Up (Up!) up and away, we go across the border To Mexico, suck my toe Doo doo browns my color No water down, no cut A jewel to a fool is like pearls to big butt Swine, I strut on the sidewalk and don't touch the line Escalate never decline I'm gonna get mine, don't try to take mine No my kneecaps ain't blacker than my black behind The bush, I touch tush So beware of the grin of my evil eyeball glare I's a wiseguy yeah a smartalec Like it or kiss me where the sun don't shine like metallic KA-BLAOW! "It sounded like a rock" (3x) (They thought I didn't know) "It sounded like a rock" [Subroc] One double 9 tre, dumbells I lift it Just for the taste of it coke I won't sniff it Ya party pooper, you never stop my frontings I guess he owns a "dust ya" I run things Popcorn mama you can sniff my sock I's a hard headed nigga My head is (like a rock) so So leave me B, boy I'll be boppin' When I chug-a-lug alone it ain't no stoppin' hoppin' Skin to skin, now I must stall Jimmy hats ain't even made like rubbermaid, at all If I be over stressed over tryin under arms Cooking like onions, you'll be crying Boo-hoo-hoo but I gets the hooray From sunrise to sunset for days All in the Kool-aide, don't know the flavor Taste buds shot, waistlines duds I love to slama on bad ass behavior Call me Sub, I roll underground like C.H.U.D.s Cease with the wack, I'm never ever booty over that I got my cootie shots for the cootie for the body The hottie, I might use Karate Snap back 15 minutes I'll be off duty KA-BLAMM "It sounded like a rock" (4x) [Zev Love X] Its a break Zev love X and Subroc for ninety tre crew massive deep Constipated monkeys deficating that old hard shit, and ya don't quit [Subroc] It sounded like a what? It sounded like a boulder It sounded like a Land yo slide up over I need my room, to huff and puff These bastards be soft like marshmellow fluff Step up, wrong move you catch a back smack Or a blackout, so be out black Let's play catch, a bad one ya caught it I'll take your thumping heart and smote it Then I grab my wood(my dick) grab my rope Over there ya got that same ole shit, here ya don't Oh no you don't, gimme that black Now you sing the blues while your eye's black Don't need to flaunt, no need to front I see right through, you very blunt Add the two nonchalant, I do what I want If I be ghost, expect me back to haunt KA -BLAWW "It sounded like a rock" (4x) [Zev Love X] ...Constipated monkeys doo-doo! Dropping shit like that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: Black Bastards * Song: Plumskinzz Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this song was also the b-side to a "Mr. Hood" twelve inch [Zev Love X] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.. Uhhhhh, uhhhhh, uhh uhh uhh uhh uhh.. Sho' nuff as the 7-11 wins I's in for Plumskinnz from begin (like when?) A rooster a-booster, vickin all the hens (with a grin) Thick chicks, but even sticks got friends (least ten) Up high, the up high I'm covered with the innocent fuzz from the peaches says the streets (hit the toe) Down low on the down low I know the right juice from the darkest fruits got roots (a superhoe) Mind wanderin, mind playin tricks I want Nestle Quik picks my best of games to kicks Tongue tied up, tongue tied up confidin Thinkin if I could I'll stoop to trickin ?? Beware the grocer when ya crush em with your thumbs though (oh?) See no grocer wants bruised plums yo (so?) Once bruised one time, 'tis forgotten And once the plums is rotten, the skinzz'll cut your gums At the corner store a sign reads, "For Sale: Plumskinzz Fruit Cocktail" Only ones runnin to the corner is pale males Open all night, the corner plumskinzz is stale Back to the honeyplum that's swift with gift And if the plum is pit I guess I'll just plead fifth I'll say sweet young, from your ?? have some You got some peach(fuzz),  ("Yeah you know me!") well I'm down with O.P.Plumskinzz Don't drool with all the juice you dribble Scribble the beeper code, so the X can gets a nibble Trust, just, in case you're asked why behind my buttonfly is a fruit fly, huntin for those plumskinzz 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm checkin for the plums) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm lickin on the plums) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(When I'm eatin on the plum) ya don't stop 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	(Like suckin on a plum) ya don't stop [Onyx] Since last we spoke I cried about Teddy Ruxpin And me myself, in a dream, pimpin in a tux and uhh now that the toys in my bed hit the edges Skinzz'll be smoked like, Benson and Hedges Legs over ledges, I'm over heels over heels, five-nine is the result of how I build But then hard times come, oh and how It makes me feel as if I needs, a Lowenbrau No I ain't gon' never seek refuse in booze I find the Gods and crews, seekin plumskinzz to bruise Up somethin lovely kickin game, no shame GREAT shape got me GREAT date but untamed You never knows, where goes my hand next Suprise, I'm in your plumskin Spandex Lust for lust-ful got me lustin Honies ask for it, but then they start bustin Want ya, need ya, but don't wanna seed ya Baby listen close, and follow this procedure You feel my peachfuzz while I rub your plumskin But before you go you know we gotta get somethin start-ed, pump-kin, pie I promise to lick ya til your well runs dry By the fruit you bare I guess you got spoon In my room I search some this Fruit of my Loom I never touch young bright them plums til they reach age (Oooh-ahh plumsauce baby food is Subroc stage) Don't think I ain't good when I'm gooder Don't think I won't when I woulda I save plums in lump sums because I may want it soon Damn I wouldn't want my plum to turn prune Unless it be all that, be all that It won't matter, just black sweet ones come fatter I'm kinda, kinda picky with my fruit mix But always fix fat drums in the batter They say you must, must share a little plum I say, "With that idea kid, you're dumb" I play the role, play the role, kinda shy And keep the concept to unbutton the fly The question, my oh my, any left for thy shore? I pick fresh fruit, plus vick 'em galore Raw as can be, I can be much more adore my sweet gift shot like Quickdraw McGraw It's plenty much, plenty much to go round I weigh 'em by the hand, take 'em by the pound Maybe I slap big, bot-tom round But if now, sit tight, I just might hound you down Things that make you go "Mmmmm" Taste a sugarplum, use your mouth, go "Mmmmm" If you ain't already been, yo catch me with a finnicky grin And you should know, like Flynn I'm in for those plumskinzz 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm squishin up a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm rubbin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm goin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	And when I'm grabbin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm ?? on the plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm lickin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When I'm nibblin on a plum (Ya don't stop!) 	I said a hip, hop, shooby doo wop 	When you're pickin up the plums (Ya don't stop!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. Album: The Best of K.M.D. Song: Popcorn Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash POP, POP, POP, POP POP, POP, POP... [Zev Love X] Top of the mornin to ya, top of the morn' Niggaz been sleep, now yawn new born To the break of dawn, we be Kausin' Mad Drama like hot butter on (popcorn mama) I'ma, mindbender, I love tender skins gender Realer than the eagle seal on your legal tender I'm the spender, of every red cent 'til I'm stomped Rock for the Kause, it's no comp cause we deep like a swamp Zev Love a brother I never budges I hold everything from mics to like grudges I won't let a bygone be a bygone Back to play the bitch niggaz like a fly horn I'm controllin all you snakes with, hookin up the cakes with hot butter, the same like your grandmother bake up Butt naked, take it from the Riddler, Batman Who be the oddball, Jake or the Fatman? Pass the gat man, the God fin' to make it go pop A lot like the kid I used to break with Way back when like eighty-four at my last look He's lookin to get his ass whupped, and his cash took That and a old school flavor like a bomber like hot butter on (popcorn mama) Yeah (popcorn mama, popcorn mama, popcorn mama, popcorn mama) [Zev Love X] I won't funk fake, so let your toast go Hip-Hop break, for the boast shit Quick to make a cherry, make 'em feel like Mary in hot butter (Sub word to your mother) So big shit, well dig it I rock shit I wig it I cock shit, I drink it, to lick off the wicked weak ones, deep in the club with sneak guns And boogie with the fly freak unique hons You got the runs, well we be runnin shit on the underrated list I'm never played, and so we're Constipated but so, what? I'm runnin shit in my pajamas Like hot butter on (popcorn mama) [Outro] Like hot butter, you can't see this Cause I'm the realest, on your breakfast toast yo C.M., on your breakfast toast Constipated Mind, on your breakfast toast (popcorn mama) On your breakfast toast... {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Busta Rhymes, Lord Jamar, Sadat X Album: Nitty Gritty 12" Song: Nitty Gritty (Dog Spelled Backwards Mix) * Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ * also appears on The Best of K.M.D. ] [ Zev Love X ] This is a re-mix! (To what?) It's is a RE-MIX! (To what?) IT'S A REMIX! Let's get right down to (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty)	--> MC Lyte (Let's get right down to the nitty gritty)	--> Tim Dog [ Zev Love X ] Born again, a soul bend blends K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends X-tends to grip palm and causin calm in His knowledge of self, so commence to bombin As alarmin as a beep from your beeper What you needed was a wake-up call to the sun, you sleeper You don't wants get woke by the wolf, does ya? (Naaah...) Good guessin Switch the pitch up, another session From the infamous God Squad You see, we's all peas in the same pod, god -od after 7, my attribute is -even My tolerance is gone and my word is bond You see the Nitwits knockin Preach, "the Lord'll change your life around" I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, they musta Been guzzlin that 85 proof, ask Busta [ Busta Rhymes ] Question number one, how can you go wrong? K.M.D., can I sing this song? (Sho' nuff) The nitty gritty, do the nitty gritty Get on down and let's do the nitty gritty Busta Rhymes from the top of Chill City Flippin on the rhythm, showin you that I get busy Stand up for the right of the young and the witty Movin inconspicuous like a baby kitty Moved to the Island and I left the urban city Whylin in the Island till I find a young bitty Baby doll, well, I never ever fall Hard, let the God Squad in the dancehall K.M.D., Brand Nubian Leaders Of The New School always be chillin Hold up, so I can get illy First to interfer here and I'm comin back silly Now I feel the vibes of the choco in the Philly You know you can't fuck because we rippin it, Smitty I know you love this song ( ? ) to the break of dawn Onyx, god, tell me what is going on? [ Onyx the Birthstone Kid ] What, what goes? As far as I know, see, bros Are havin trouble knowin who's friends and who's foes The worst devil is a black devil Because you come disguised as a wolf in sheep's clothes Like Preacher Porkchop who keeps the church clappin Mo' comes the money, mo' money got him yappin He sucks your bucks, so his pockets fatten He's got some guts, he pimp-struts up to Staten Island, I be chillin in Long Island, Long Beach Hippin gods to they culture with the strong speech I build with the Nubians I chill with I fill with my zig-zag-zig I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat The devil man in this land, he won't allow that So brother man, I don't wanna bust you But if you don't know the devil, gee, I can't trust you [ Onyx ] Knowmsayin, man You just can't brothers who don't know what time it is [ Zev Love X ] True indeed, true indeed, yo So Lord J [ Lord Jamar ] Yo, that's true indeed And I know the time of the day Lord Jamar goes like this [ Lord Jamar ] Life's hardships Stones are placed and one must face trips Falls and spills to kills and cause mishaps These are some of his traps But I got a jewel that needs no gift wrap So just receive, believe when shown the light The devil gets left, the gods gotta get right To the source of our loss, stop wearin the cross Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss," and When you do, from the other you won't beg Can't you see my brother, you're the Arma-Legga-Leg Arm, supreme Head, and instead Of relyin, why don't you start tryin? You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt Cause when you stop tryin that makes victory exempt From your cipher, the life you lead is not hype The blackman was not born to be a gutter snipe Or an alley cat, you should be steppin to the rally fat Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know So, get up and go, get yourself a book of Life instead of living life like a hooker Get some knowledge of self and do for self Yo man, brothers ain't tryin to check it out ... you know what I'm sayin? Crack, crack them skulls, man [ Subroc ] I see some so crazy deaths Men, from head to toe they're full of lead I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead So I taught children 'fore I flipped Cause in actuality my man's mentality was stripped I dipped back to the roots, I am a king with ranks Cream in the coffee, clay thing - no thanks Why play the role like all silly teens? I'm the black bowling ball knockin pins to smithereens Each teach in every town, relate that The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that Coon, jiggaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix Give me a (woof!) in reverse, Psalms 82 and 6 "All gods, and children of the Most High" Cave-guys still fry in the sun, don't deny I got a third eye sight vibe that don't lie I am the lion, goodnight, defyin evil's the bull's eye [ Sadat X ] It's like this... (and my word is bond) This is a modern type of style, look at what I did A devil still can't build a pyramid I dug a tunnel to Asia, wrote a speech with a laser Rush your brain with a new genetic strain The god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn I smacked a man cause he tried to serve a plate of ham Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's natty dread He got a ( ? ), used to be a foot fet' The city ( ? ) and I forgot to mention That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough Zig-zag-zig, watch the blackman get big and burst The blackman is first I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty, and my) (The nitty gritty, and my) (The nitty gritty, and my word is bond) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty, and my word is bond) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom and Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Accordion Typed by: nspectah@hotmail.com [MF Doom] Livin' off borrowed time, the clock tick faster That'd be the hour they knock the slick blaster Dick Dastardly and Muttley with sick laughter A gun fight and they come to cut the mixmaster I-C-E cold, nice to be old Y2G steed twice to threefold He sold scrolls, lo and behold Know who's the illest ever like the greatest story told Keep your glory, gold and glitter For have half of his niggaz'll take him out the picture The other half is rich and don't mean shit-ta Villain a mixture between both with a twist of liquor Chase it with more beer, taste it like truth or dare When he have the mic it's like the place get like: 'Ah yeah!' It's like they know what's 'bout to happen Just keep ya eye out, like 'aye, aye captain' Is he still a fly guy clappin' if nobody ain't hear it And can they testify from inner spirit In living, the true gods Givin' y'all nothing but the lick like two broads Got more lyrics than the church got 'Ooh Lords' And he hold the mic and your attention like two swords Or even one with two blades on it Hey you, don't touch the mic like it's AIDS on it It's like the end to the means Fucked type of message that sends to the fiends That's why he brings his own needles And get more cheese than Doritos, Cheetos or Fritos.. Slip like Freudian Your first and last step to playin' yourself like accordion (Humming) When he had the mic you don't go next Leaving pussy cats like wild hoes need Kotex Exercise index won't need Boflex And won't take the one with no skinny legs like Joe Tex The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Madvillain Song: Meat Grinder Typed by: motelneon@hotmail.com Tripping off the beat kinda, dripping off the meat grinder Heat niner, pimping, stripping, soft sweet minor China was a neat signer, trouble with the script digits Double dipped, bubble lipped, subtle lisp midget Borderline schizo, sort of fine tits though Pour the wine, whore to grind, quarter to nine, let's go Ever since ten eleven, glad she made a brethren Then it's last down, seven alligator seven, at the gates of heaven Knocking, no answer, slow dancer, hopeless romancer, dopest flow stanzas Yes, no? Villain. Metal face Destro Guess so, still incredible in escrow Just say Ho! I'll test the yayo Wild West style fest, y'all best to lay low Hey bro, Day Glo, set the bet, pay dough Before the cheddar get away, best to get Maaco The worst hated God who perpetrated odd favors Demonstrated in the perforated Rod Lavers ... In all quad flavors, Lord save us Still back in the game like Jack LaLanne think you know the name, don't rack your brain on a fast track to half sane Either in a slow beat or that the speed of "Wrath of Kane" Laughter, pain "Hackthoo'ing" songs lit, in the booth, with the best host Doing bong hits, on the roof, in the west coast He's at it again Mad at the pen Glad that we win, a tad fat, in a bad hat for men Grind the cinnamon, Manhattan warmongers You can find the villain in satin, congas The van screeches The old man preaches About the gold sand beaches The cold hand reaches For the old tan Ellesse's ... Jesus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom & Madlib) f/ M.E.D. (Medaphoar) Album: Madvillainy Song: Raid Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] Two two one-two... How Doom hold heat, and preach non-violence? Shhh, he 'bout to start the speech, c'mon, silence On one scary night, I saw the light Heard a voice that sound like Barry White said "Sure you're right" Don't let me find out who tried to bite They better off goin to fly a kite in a firefight during tornado time with no coat then I caught ya Wrote the book on rhymes, a note from the author With no headshot, he said it's been a while Got a breadwinner style to get a inner child up in to smile And that's no exaggeration The doctor told a patient "It's all in your imagination negro" Ahh, what do he know? About the buttery flow, he need to cut the ego Trippin, to date the Metal Fellow been rippin flows since New York plates was ghetto yellow with broke blue writing This is too exciting Folks leave out the show feelin truly enlightened They say "The Villain been spittin enough lightning to rock shock the Boogie Down to Brighton," aight then [M.E.D.] Yeah, check, it's enough Uhh, yeah, now How Med hold heat like Clint East is reborn? Lethal with more holes than a dartboard Haters watch him, Hennessy double shot drink like the answer to the problem's at the bottle's bottom Uhh, from the {?} that homey pay how you owe me My niggaz take no like Kobe Even with the the arms of the Hawk, you couldn't hold me from gettin mines, stogies be rolled, smokin and gettin by Thanks to rap I ain't got a dime Got me sneakin out of checkout lines with bottles by the waistside Yeah, smack 'em in the face, let 'em taste pride Face trial, end up washed up like the shorelines Do or die ride, how the dead return Street turns, keep me in this dirt, like an earthworm What he spit hits and grows, will brothers ever learn Worth a word, chat with a nerd, meeting adjourned The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom & Madlib) f/ Lord Quas (Quasimoto) Album: Madvillainy Song: America's Most Blunted Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Come out to show them... Like, open the bruise up and let some of the bruise blood come out to show them Come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them {*storm howls*} come out to show them, come out to show them, come out to show them... {*echoes*} {*guitar sound, coughing fit*} Music (bad weed) Listening to music while stoned is a whole new world (to' up man) Most cannabis consumers report it second only to sex And grass will change your musical habits, for the better {*scratched: "America's most blunted!"*} {"Soon as he start sleepin, catchin you off guard"} {"If you'll all gather closer at the phonograph"} Where Quas at? {"Yo!"} Doom, you got the trees? {"America's most blunted!"} [MF Doom] Quas, when he really hit scar mode Never will he boost loose Phillies with the barcode Or take a whole carload on a wasted trip Or slit White Owl laced tip from tip with yip Some rather baggies others like they cracks and browns Catch a tag, roll a bag of swag in a Black'n'Mild See twist Optimo, just the raw leaf part The list top gold, bust before beef start At the Stop'n'Go Mart, actin like a spirit host done it {"America's most blunted!"} Yeah, yo Doom nominated for the best rolled L's And they wondered how he dealt with stress so well Wild guess? You could say he stay sedated Some say buddha'd, some say faded Someday pray that he will grow a foreign barn full Recent research show it's not so darn harmful (true) Sometimes you might need to detox It can help you with your rhyme flow and your beatbox Off spite to your surprise Turn a Newport Light to a joint right before your eyes Tear a page out the good book, hear it how you want it {"America's most blunted!"} {"Comin kinda stupid from the station"} {"blunted"} {"Amazing loops, loops, loops.."} {"blunted"} {*"The-th-the-best, the-th-best, the-the-the, the best in your perimeter"*} Yo I can't find that nigga Metal Face nowhere (oh alright) {"America's most blunted!"} [Lord Quas] Doom! The Madvillain killin mad boom Consume weed and drink brew 'til we perfume the room The beat conductor smoke twenty-four/seven Shady.. you can even ask my reverand Willie knows, how the Phillies roll, really though I spend my last dough, to pick up the sticky gold I spark the lah, but don't {fuck} with speed or trees with seeds Quasimoto crew, we get keyed The most blunted on the map The one astro black, in the alley, with a hoodrat Hoodrat.. when you try to react {*belch*} Even your pops got smacked Even your moms got cracked Meanwhile!! While my bowl got packed Drop X so you can have good sex (what, no) I smoke dank so I can grow me a shank I got the fat sack {shh} all day I'm on it Who are we? {"America's most blunted!"} [Outro] {"Comin kinda stupid from the station"} {"blunted"} {"Amazing loops, loops, loops.."} {"blunted"} {"America's most blunted!"} Creativity, it's a known fact that grass increases creativity from eight, to eleven times. In fact, everyone finds that they're more creative stoned, than straight. So remember! M-A-R-I-J-U... {*xylophone*} ... A-J-U-A-N-A {*xylophone*} Mari-ah.. {*xylo*} ..juana {*xylo*} Mari-whana {*xylo*} {*laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom & Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Rainbows Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash You know, you best to watch out (watch your back nigga) Til you, be fresh out of clout (fresh water trout) Rumors (out of water) that he got a mouth on the street (somebody tell him yo) You know, you best to watch out (watch your back nigga) Who knows, who is watchin in (streets is watchin you) Hope, they don't know (they don't know nothin) As much, as he thinks, that they know That what, he drinks, is Drain-o Rat butt, she winks, rainbow-oww-owwws {*woman screams, Doom harmonizes*} Loser, was twice in the fed (comin home son) User, whose nice in the head (where that shit at bitch) Choose to, entice him with bread (get paid son) Harem, they said he was ex-pen-dable - dead broke Air him, there's no witnesses (tell 'em the B.I.) Dare him, they said he was ex-pen-dable (dead 'em dunn) Air him, there's no witnesses (tell 'em the B.I.) You know, you best to watch out (watch your back nigga) Who knows, who is watchin in (nosey yo) Hope, they don't know (they don't know nothin) As much, as he thinks, that they know That what, he drinks, is Drain-o Rat butt, she winks, rainbow-oww-owwws {*woman screams, Doom harmonizes*} [Outro] This Villain was a ruthless mass conquerer with aspirations to dominate the universe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom & Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Curls Typed by: ahines@email.unc.edu Villain get the money like curls They just trying to get a nut like squirrels in his mad world Land of milk and honey with the swirls Where reckless naked girls get necklaces and pearls Compliments of the town jeweler Left back now-schooler trying to sound cooler On the microphone known as the crown ruler Never lied to ma when we said we found the moolah Five-hundred something dollars laying right there in the street Huh, now let's try and get something to eat Then he turned four and started flowing to the poor That's about when he first started going raw Kept the 'dro in the drawer A rhyming klepto who couldn't go up in the store no more His life is like a folklore legend Why you so stiff? you need to smoke more brethren Insted of trying to riff with the broke war veteran Spliff made him swore he saw heaven he was seven Yup, you know it, growing up too fast Showing up to class with Mot in a flask He ask the teacher if he leave will he pass His girl is home alone he trying to get the If you want to sip get a paper water fountain glass How I'm 'posed to know where your mouth been last Hands so fast he can out-spin the Flash Known to smoke a whole mountain of hash to the ash Boom-bash leave the room with the stash Assume it's in a smash, Doom get the cash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom and Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Money Folder Typed by: nspectah@hotmail.com (Cut) The villain took on many forms.. [MF Doom] Let he who is without sin cast the first stone After you who's last, it's Doom, he's the worst known That'll have your boom blown or even thirst bone Rock it to a worst clone, just don't curse the throne On his own microphone, bring it everywhere he go So he can bring it to you live in stere-ere-o Pan it, can't understand it, ban it The underhanded ranted, planned it and left him stranded The best, any who profess will be remanded Yes sir, request permission to be candid? Granted I don't think we can handle a style so rancid They flipped it like matted, did the old jazz standard (Jazz break) Don't mind me, I wrote this rhyme lightly Off a two or three Heines, and boy was they fine gee One Black, One Spanish, One Chiney It keeps the woody shiny year round like a pine tree Don't sign me I'm about to get a mil without em Grab him off the shelf, he's the villain, and what about him So and he's a jerk and you don't know him Mad how he expand work but won't show 'em Poor guys what a cypha moreso four eyes Now hook me with two apple pies and a small fries All rise, so far art as a Rupple So raw break it down and make quadruple It's crucial, you could see it in his pupil And this time when he get it he'll waste it on somethin' useful Like getting juiced off a deuce-deuce of cokey Keep it low key, known to pull a okey-dokey Silly Goose, Doom is too jokey Damn he could really use a room or a whole key Egads, he got enough styles to start three fads True dat, she gotta wonder do she come with kneepads What a call, what a real butterball Either I get a strike or strike out, gutterball Rock it like yeah for the four With knives inside pockets, prepare for the brawl Yeah y'all you could say its an earful Beware, do not touch mic, be careful And just like he said, I coulda told ya MF, the holder of a boulder, Money Folder It's ain't funny nigga Money Folder (Beat break) (Outro/Record cuts) The muscle-bound karate expert concealed a razor edge Which could lop the head off of a marble statue once propelled With notorious world takeover schemes and the most magnificent gadgets imaginable Villains rapidly grew healthy cash flow It is explained by a more comedic villain, the bald headed DOOM This villain rose to incredible new heights of money-making, revenge and extortion Such was the magnitude of the typical villain This is no answer! Very well then.... a duel to the death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillian (MF Doom & Madlib) f/ Lord Quas Album: Madvilliany Song: Shadows of Tomorrow Typed by: elixir713@hotmail.com [Lord Quasimoto] Today is the shadow of tomorrow Today is the present future of yesterday Yesterday is the shadow of today The darkness of the past is yesterday And the light of the past is yesterday The days of yesterday are all numbered in sum In the world once Because once upon a time there was a yesterday Yesterday belongs to the dead Because the dead belongs to the past The past is yesterday Today is the preview of tomorrow but for me Only for my better and happier point of view My point of view is the thought of a better or try Reality is today of eternity The eternity of yesterday is dead Yesterday is as one The eternity of one is the eternity of the past The past is once upon a time Once upon a time is past The past is yesterday today The past is yesterday today While we're searchin for tomorrow [Madlib] The light of the past is the light which was The wisdom of the past is the light of the past The light of the future is the light which is to be The wisdom of the future is the light of the future see Yesterday belongs to the dead Tomorrow belongs to the living The past is certified as a finished product Anything which has ended is finished That which is perfect is finished The perfect man is no exception to the rule The perfect man of the past is made according to the rule of the past The rule of the past is a law of injustice and hypocrisy The revelation of the meaning of the law is revealed through the law itself The wisdom of the past is the light of the past The light which is to be the wisdom of the future The light of the future casts the shadows of tomorrow Sun raw Sun raw Lord Quas Madlib The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom and Madlib) Album: Madvilliany Song: Operation Lifesaver Typed by: elixir713@hotmail.com Now you caught me off guard Once you breath out Then she made me cough hard Contact the god and let him know to slip 2 in Fine. How are you doing? Can I get you a drink? This one's a shoe in Awkward situation that I'm on a mission to ruin Her big butt and smile was like camo Hit up the men's room, we need more ammo Watch your 3 o'clock, a new recruit That's her gin and Juicy Juice Use a stick of Juicy Fruit She just knew she was cute It's in her own best interest It's less stress Hit her with the "do you need a mint test" It don't matter if she's slim or dressed to impress I won't rest Fella's don't fess Some of 'em just need to eat the whole thing of Crest It's been a long day It's just how the song say I hope she don't take this the wrong way You need a mint test The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (Madvillain) Album: Madvillainy Song: Figaro Typed by: donlukas@hotmail.com The rest is empty with no brain but the clever nerd The best emcee with no chain ya ever heard Take it from the Tec-9 holder They bit and don't let a faint get Ishmael A shot of Jack got her back it's not an act stack Forgot about the cackalack, holla back, clack clack blocka Villainy, feel him in ya heart chakra chart toppa Star shit stoppa be a smart shoppa Shot a cop day around the way 'bout to stay But who'd a know there's 2 mo' that wonder where the shooter go 'Bout to jet, get him, not a bet, dead 'em Let 'em spit venom said 'em got a lot of shit with 'em Let the rhythm hit 'em, it's stronger in the other voice We make the joints that make 'em spread 'em butta moist Man, please. The stage is made of panties From the age of baby hoochies on to the grannies Ban me the dough rake, daddy The flow make her fatty shake, patty cake, patty cake For fake, if he was Anita Baker's man He'd take her for her masters, hit it once an' shake her hand On some ol' thank ya ma'am an' ghost her She could mind the toaster if she sign the poster A whole host of roller coaster riders Not enough tracks (is it?) Hot enuff black (for ya) It's too hot to handle, you got blue sandals Who shot ya? Ooh got you new spots to vandal? DO not stand still, both show skills Close but no crills, toast for po' ills, post no bills Coast to coast Joe Shmoes flows ill, go chill Not supposed to overdose, no Doz pills Off pride tikes now talk wide though scar meat Off sides like how Work rides with Starfleet Told ya, on some get-riche shit As he get older he gets colder tha a witch tit This is it, make no mistakes Where my nigga go? Figaro, Figaro O's beats and my rhumes attack A scary act All black like Ms. Mary Mack Wait 'til you see 'em live on the piano DOOM sings soprano like uno dos y'ano My momma told me Blast him and pass her her glass of Ol' E Not to be troublesome But I coul sure use a quick shot of double rum No stick of bubble gum I like ice cream We could skip the wedding Have anice dream She only let him stick the head in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillian (MF Doom & Madlib) f/ Wildchild Album: Madvilliany Song: Hardcore Hustle Typed by: peak200@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Madvillain...) [Wildchild] Jump on the track with a harcore hustle With a busload a niggaz this time we bought 'cha muscle Wildchild's the one to uplift most and it's confirmed So tonight let's bang this Madvillain music 'till it's adjourned Loot rushes in head first with the full force of a ram so the source of the verse go hearses? the course of a jam Went to hell and back, saw devil sellin' crack in fact had to come back with brother with the mask by yellin' "black.. power to the people", who support raw music Blessed from the start to keep upliftin' progressive art To come out and uplift words take verbalistic leaps to the next purge(?) compact dope poetical excerpts Who's the expert (Wild)? With the physical frame who's mental was tamed to get over in this musical game When the Madvillain breaks your dome you'll see your interval depth was written for those that slept We take 100% unpredictable steps (Say what?) Who's the one that rocked up a party with the vigilance urge when smokin' the ism the division is blurred, but vengence is heard(?) And just when ya got, caught up in the cynical thought intervals in the shape of a mic get put straight through your heart like.. {*scream, sound of someone bleeding probably through  their neck, and a heart beating while a man moans orgasmically*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom and Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Strange Ways Typed by: nspectah@hotmail.com Cut: (They stay... Strange ways) [MF Doom] Wreak havoc, beep beep it's mad traffic Sleek and lavish people speaking leaking to the maverick He see as just another felony drug arrest Any day could be the one he pick the wrong thug to test Slug through the vest... Shot in the street For pulling heat on a father whose baby's gotta eat And when they get hungry, it ain't shit funny Paid to interfere with how a brother get his money Now, who's the real thugs, killers and gangsters? Set the revolution, let the things bust and thank us When the smoke clear, you can see the sky again There will be the chopped off heads of leviathan My friend, they call 'em strangers Everybody talk to him end up in some danger (They stay... Strange ways) Can't reform 'em They pray four times a day, they pray five Whose ways is strange when it's time to survive Some will go of they own free will to die Others take them with you when they blow sky high What's the difference? All you get is lost children While the bosses sit up behind the desk and cost billions To blast humans in half, into captured arms Only one side is allowed to have bombs It's like making a soldier drop his weapon Shooting him, and telling him to get to steppin' Obviously, they came to portion up his fortune Sounds to me like that old robbery/extortion (They stay) Same game (Strange ways) Ya can't reform 'em (Outro/Cut) ..that Mary was goin' around with an old flame that burned me up, because I know he was just feeding her a line! But the guy really spent his money like water I think he was connected, so I left Outside it was raining cats and dogs I was feelin' mighty blue... and everything looked black But I carried on! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (Madvillain) Album: Madvillainy Song: Fancy Clown Typed by: donlukas@hotmail.com MC: Viktor Vaughn I knew you was fuckin' around Playing all innocent and hoing since the foundation Don't make have to pound his thin crown face in And risk being jammed up like traffic inbound from space in There's been a place for you in my heart since we first met A teenage love and didn't feel no hurt yet My boys warned you was poison like BBD first cassette And still I put all my chips on the worst bet Gave up the skirt, now I gotta hear it from the street How dare you drag my name in the dirt and cheat You coulda broke it off and ended it and dipped And if you spoke soft coulda still preserved the friendship Now you apologize that's why they all say You wasn't sorry when you sucked him off in the hallway But have it your way, raw no foreplay That's you if you want a dude who wear a mask all day And just to think I used to be proud of you And you had some real good power Probably kissed me that same evening I should be hurling Matta fact, gimme back my bracelet and my stearling I rather waste it or give it for ya girlfriend She did let me stab it last week while you was working Remember our vacation out to Maryland? I dooked the maid Carolyn She made me throw the towel in Like all fool men the times I hit ya moms off I told her knock it off But she had to set the rocket off Ain't enough room in thi fuckin' town When you see thin head Tell 'em be duckin' down I'm not rompin' around He better be armed ready and prepared To be stomped in the ground The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom & Madlib) f/ Stacy Epps Album: Madvillainy Song: Eye Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Stacy Epps] Give me a little bit, a little bit Just a little bit, of your love [repeat 2X] Pieces of the dream that I pick up in my mind is not blind, of our love Everyday when I look into your brown eyes I get high, on our love [Stacy Epps] I, I get high, look in your, brown eyes I get high-iiiiiiii-iiiiiii-iiiiiigh Higher, higher, hi-igher, -igher -igher, -i-igher, higher, you make me higher I fly (I fly) I fly (I fly) I fly (I fly) up high I fly - take me there, I fly - take me there I fly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom (Madvillain) Album: Madvillainy Song: All Caps Typed by: socomido21@hotmail.com So nasty that it's probably somewhat of a travesty Having me daily total people You can call me Your Majesty Keep your battery charged You know it won't stick, yo And it's not his fault you kick slow Should've let your trick 'ho chick hold your sick glow Plus nobody couldn't do nothin' once he let the brick go And you know I know that's a bunch of snow The beat is so butter Peep the slow cutter As he utters the calm flow Don't talk about my moms, yo Sometimes he rhyme quick, sometimes he rhyme slow And vice versa Whip up a slice of nice verse pie Hit it on the first try Villain: The Worst Guy Spot hot tracks like spot a pair of fat asses Shots of the scotch from out of square shot glasses And he won't stop 'till he got the masses An' show 'em what they know now through flows of hot molasses Do it like a robot to headspin to boogaloo Took a few minutes to convince the average bug-a-boo It's ugly, like look at you! It's a damn shame Just remember All Caps when you spell the man name And you know it like a poet, like baby doll I bet she tried to say she gave me her all, she played ball All bets off! The Villain got the dice rigged And they say he accosted the man with the sliced wig Allegedly; the investigation is still ongoing In this pesky inition he gots the best con flowin' The pot doubles, now they really got troubles Madman never go *pop*!, like snot bubbles The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF Doom and Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Great Day Typed by: nspectah@hotmail.com [Intro: MF Doom singing] It never really mattered too much me Cause I was just too damn old to m.c All that really mattered is if your rhymes was ill Girl, that's all that really mattered to me, oh baby [MF Doom] Looks like it's gonna be a great day today To get some fresh air like a stray on a straightaway Hey you, got a light? nah, a Bud Light Early in the morning, face crud from like a mud fight Looky here, it's just the way the cookie tear Prepare to get hurt and mangled like Kurt Angle rookie year The rocket scientist, with a pocket wine list Some even say he might need some puss-psychiatrist Doom, are you pondering what I'm pondering? Yes, but why would the darn thing be wandering? She's like a foundling, barely worth fondling My posse's on raw really momma I want to sing Mad plays the bass like the race card Villain on the case to break shards and leave her face scarred Groovy dude, not to prove to be rude But this stuff is like what you might put on movie food Uh, what is jalapenas Get it like a whuppin' when you holla at your seniors Dolla he can overhear the hashish vena He just came from over there, the grass is greener Last wish, I wish I had two more wishes And I wish they fixed the door to the matrix's mad fridges Spit so many verses sometimes my jaw twitches One thing this party could use is more.. Booze, put yourself in your own shoes And stay away from all those pairs of busted Tims you don't use He only keep 'em to decorate If you wanna peep him select a date And bring a deep check like checkmate I kid you not, on the dotted line signed Ever since a minor, kids considered him some kind of Einstein On a diamond mine grind, she was dumb fine But not quite the type that you might want to wine and dine Couldn't find a pen, had to think of a new trick This one he wrote in cold blood with a toothpick On second thought it's too thick His assistant said: "Doom, you sick" he said: "True blue acoustics" Psycho, his flow is drowned in Lowry seasoning With micropower he's sound and right reasoning Easy as Pi, three point one four One more one false move and they're done for The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain (MF DOOM & Madlib) Album: Madvillainy Song: Rhinestone Cowboy Typed by: crfong@msn.com Hold the cold one Like he hold the old gun Like he hold the microphone And stole the show for fun Or a foe for ransom Flows is handsome O's in tandem Anthem, random, tantrum Phantom of the Grand Old Opry ask the dumb hottie Masked pump shottee Somebody stop me Hardly come sloppy on a retarded hard copy After rockin' parties he departed in a jalopy Watch the droptop pop Known as the grimy limey slimy Try me blimey Simply smashing in a fashion that's timely Mad Villain dashing in a beat rhyme crime spree We rock the house like rock 'n roll Got more soul Than a sock with a hole Set the stage with a goal To have the game locked in a cage Getting shocked with a pole Overthrow like throwing rover a viscuit A lot of bitches think he's overly chauvanistic Let go his dick if that's the case Rats, what a waste More cats to chase Dogs he got 'em like new powers Woke up, wrote and spit the shit in a few hours Sheesh! Been unleashed since the glee club Had your fam saying please make me a dub Well, since you ask kindly Where he been behind the mask Who can't find me? You're blind in the wine zone Leave ya mind blown when he shine with the 9 He's a rhinestone...cowboy Goony goo goo loony koo-koo like Gary Gnu off New Zoo Review But who knew the mask had a loose screw? Hell, could hardly tell Had to tighten it up Like the Drells and Archie Bell It speaks well of the hyper bass Wasn't even tweaked and it leaked into cyberspace Couldn't wait for the snipes to place At least a track list in bold print typeface Stopped for a year Come back with thumb tacks Pop for the beer, we're hip hop sharecroppers Used to wear flip flops, now rare gear coppers He's in this for the quiche You might as well not ask for no free shit, capiche? Oh my aching hands From raking in grands and breakin in mic stands Villain-his smile stuns ya chick While he puts himself in your shoes Run ya kicks You heard it on the radio-tape it Play it in your stereo your crew'll go apeshit Raw lyrics-he smells 'em like a hunch The same intuition that tells who spiked the punch Curses He's truly the worsest With enough rhymes to spread Throughout the boundless universes Let the beat blast She told him wear the mask He said you bet your sweet ass Its made of fine chrome alloy Find him on the grind He's the rhinestone...cowboy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Venomous Villain Song: Back End Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] Dub it off your man, don't spend that ten bucks I did it for the advance, the back end sucks It's better than sittin up in a crack den wit the Mac 11 Yellin at your feinds and friends to duck There's feds at the door, oh it's just Fed Ex I thought I heard walkie talkies, must've been them redneck Neighbors of mine they fuckin with they CB And we in the spot watchin COPS on TV Blazin greens, thumpin Big's first cd Drinkin OE, hopin pigs don't see If they was psychic, they try ta give em the electric chair It's gettin hectic in here, and it's a election year Keep this section clear, VIP Shed a few tears since a knee-hi G And got more tricks up my sleeve, cough, hick-up cough and sneeze Make a emcee sick and dry heave weeze They must be still allergic to a Real raw rhymer with skills thats surgical Take the day off and lay off the crazy water It don't faze V as he lay up wit your lazy daughter.. With your lazy daughter [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] ...Heat the bake, V came to eat your team steak And for desert, a treat, the green cake So much sweets it's a dream, it seem fake These type feinds make your beat machine break It's on the fritz, put it on the ritz And watch what he gets, once his mits is on the glitz A lot of rappers is soft tit, talk shit They need to do us all a big favor, cawk it ..Spit it like raw grits, get it They better off forfeit admit it Relaxin in your town, once the tall quit V keep comin back with more and more hits.. More hits The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Venomous Villain Song: Fall Back/Titty Fat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] MC's fall back Cause Vik in your ear with the whole ball of wax Call or fax for the freshest rhyme delivery Or takeout, for the fake-you-out ballers in the industry Boss with the Lee jeans, bad man, you know B They say he's a cross between Adnan Khashoggi and Sho Kosugi, he said your chain is sure dookie The piece is like a mystery entity, ill spooky What's its worth? A gun or a knife slice Catch a bus once or twice or run for your life price An arm and a leg, the led is ghetto red hot Calm 'til we fled the spot or leg arm head shot You on the battlefield with lyrical militants that know he feelin bent when he see lil' pink elephants And never forget, to memorize the elements Keep the mic sterilized, terrorize your eloquence of mellow eyelids, tell no lies kids to these guys askin what's the shelltoe size is Shields up dum dum, where we come from we thump it out for fun, and that's no conundrum Pick a bone goon, it's me with the sicker known showtunes On a full moon, lick your old wounds Lighten up the stratosphere, shootin slugs His name was {nkarest?} Vladimir Putin  His matted hair was too thin to cut into a gumby Nuttin to V, he feel his bum knee It's about to rain, there goes my two-way Out of range, it's a strange new day, touche It's all good like down home cookin He left with the crown on his dome and kept bookin His men run Crooklyn Keep 1 in 10 hons hookin, no offense, none tooken It's more funner than lookin The pound of war drum had your poor son shooken Sometimes he feel he need to stop juxin Then he say "NAH" with a real sly crook grin Vik's style of rhyme will bug out Joe Sixpack Slick while all the time he dug out yo' chick's back She wore a thong in her youth These days she's a bit long in the tooth Just chewin on the titty fat Pursuin the kitty cat, droolin on her pretty hat Playing pool and pitty pat, stay in school Kiddies, brats, instead of spring tools and shitty gats Layin cool, where they at? Same jewels as silly rats rulin with gritty stacks Coolin where the cliques be at It's no time for chitty chat, fool V pity that Follow your instincts I told her time and time again not to swallow pink drinks I guess it's just how the hollow link clinks V, the fink who made the chink in the mink wink They say he need a shrink On the brink to pipe it when her sink made a stinky stink Instead he asked her for some paper and some ink Coulda flipped it longer 'cept the beat was rather rinky-dink Still workin out the kinks Everytime he thinks his third eye blinks It must be in your blood like zinc Glassy-eyed V put your CD on jinx The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn f/ IZ-Real, Manchild Album: Venomous Villain Song: R.A.P. G.A.M.E. Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn-Talking] This is an editorial funded by rhymers against phony gangsters and mainstream evil The Supervillain [Manchild] I showed up lampin with a soul strut anthem And a plan to mess your fan and a legend is a tandem Some low cut abandon tiger fist mic handlin Heard your feminine sound and had to prescribe pamperin Crampin your style like your parents on a first date Yeah word is born with a dangerously low birth weight Scenario: worst case, you dealin with a modster I keep the peace but they wanna hold heat like a sauna Gonna step into your nightmares, you pull it when you sleep I'm still standin right there catchin bullets in my teeth Police and bap with a reason that speaks to black to the back of a mind That I want my people back and that's fine Americas past time is now alive and kickin you Another public scandal, a Michael Jackson interview I'm addicted to Real World and I hope I can kick it soon While my aspirations and skill level are still in tune Midnight's a high noon, fly jewels with MF A Villain and a Manchild, possibilities endless Get close to the speaker, yeah you too princess Unless the restrainin order specifies at least ten steps [Manchild] (Chorus) Word placement, is this seat taken? So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin We expect payment for this level of greatness You dealin with Manchild it's so hard to face it Word placement, is this seat taken? So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin We expect payment for this level of greatness When you dealin with IZ it's so hard to face it [IZ-REAL] Everystep I take another fake hood rate I don't make the mistake to put my foot on the waist But I make my state, I don't sway in anyway When I grab the micro play I reign on parades, especially the suckas The big ruckas duckas big ice wearin fool motha (*fuckers*) With a knack for every single day of the week Gotta watch my step takin no crap on my feet Walkin tall straight to the dope of opportunity Been too many years and let the weight get a pull of me I'm chillin with the drastic, they call me rat bastard Envy's a bitch when ya dealin with the masters I'm trying ta compensate for ya ill rap trace By concoctin schemes to sell a few rap tapes Ya played ya odd but somethin wrong wit 'cha numbers It's time to pay the bookie or take a long slumber [Manchild] (Chorus) Word placement, is this seat taken? So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin We expect payment for this level of greatness You dealin with IZ it's so hard to face it Word placement, is this seat taken? So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin We expect payment for this level of greatness When you dealin with Doom it's so hard to face it [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] Can't stand the beat, there's no sense bitchin Can't stand the heat, go get from out the kitchen Ran through the street and leave a whole set twitchin Skip the stitchin, complements of the henchmen He rocked it, the flow got her dizzy He keep a few knockers cocked and loaded for grizzly It's no big deal, niggaz say they real But ain't got no heart to bust shots at a pig mobile Dunces got the game all mucked up Must be nuts kids, fuck up and get fucked up Beat the heck out a rapper for street wreck And laugh, playin with a half a full cheat deck Pull your burn it to earn you some respect son And beat the next hun, to get a C-section With no epideral screamin I heard ya'll Cats is talkin coughin up info like a furball Do ya bid, don't be scared The wrong three words on the tier, will get'cha eared Everywhere blood smeared, ya should of been prepared Layin there balled up lookin all weird Villain hold the heater on a cold day And keep a old throw-away for a old fay No way get bagged on no day Doom'll change his name to Jose' Yo No Se [Manchild] (Chorus) Word placement, is this seat taken? So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin We expect payment for this level of greatness DOOM, Manchild and IZ you can't face it Word placement, is this seat taken? So sick of waitinin ya'll they sayin nathin We expect payment for this level of greatness DOOM, Manchild and IZ you can't face it ("Don't front" is being scratched'n'cut) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn f/ Carl Kavorkian Album: Venomous Villain Song: Dope Skill Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] It's Vik, known to kick a no joke vocal And givin a chance, yoke ya slow poke local yokel Don't smoke krill, won't need topal If the fluoride don't kill ya then the soap will Dope skill, nickname Musty All up in the popes grill with quick game and crusty He said "Trust me, what's the dang fuss B?" Let me hold the buggy, police can't bust me It should only take five minutes No jive bidness, I leave no live witness For you? Two percent on the back And not only that, I let you get on the track Holla back, he still ain't call It ain't my loss boss, ball till ya fall So what? A low cut price and pro V'll sell a bogus marriage liscense to a mo Like sellin weed to a thug candy that baby gave me--"I need a new drug" He knew the blue was too bug After school he used to sip brew by the jug [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] Enough to piss barley Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley He said "yes'm Mr. Charlie" Now kindly shut the fuck up I'm tryin ta twist this Marley Dope skill! ("You're nothing!" is being scratched'n'cut) [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] Enough to piss barley Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley (*Rap line being scratched'n'cut*) [Carl Kavorkian] Turn a live Saturday night to a maniac Monday Disturb ya inner peace with this rap feng shui Knock you out a position wit a rendition Just a little somethin to tivo on your television The first cat to spit a verse on star search The only American idol ta spill a rap recital Win a contract, then turn it down willingly And start a bidding war that'll collapse the whole industry Then put it out independantly Cuz all them gifts they sendin me, just ain't bendin me The only thing a major can give me is advice While local cats tell me I'm just not that nice But I don't feel bad at all after peepin their catalog Knowin all along they always bumpin the wackest songs Chalkin a plan with the future at hand Being the last to stand after da band disbands [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] Enough to piss barley Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley ..Enough to piss barley Cracker told 'em chill before ya end up like Chris Farley (*"Damn right!" is being scratched'n'cut*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn featuring Kool Keith Album: Venomous Villain Song: Doper Skill Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] ..People came from miles around to hear Vik rock it He learned a few new styles since a two year old pick pocket Kra-dow! Sad how sickenin Now get retarded like mad cow kickin in Yik! Chris wasn't trickin On what's in the stew if the flu was in the chicken We all got our vices Some got the gall, ta call the shots off the dices And that's Vik, brings slaughter to your section Have ya lost emcees get a order of protection His name rings bell said Jake He sings well, even with his king hell headache Hit' em with a anvil, a trigger, a scandal If not just to get free press off the Nigga Channel He only plays for high prices And rates his hourly rate based on how nice he is [Kool Keith] There's a lot of "I'll murder you" raps With lame ass guys out of nowhere Corny asses, I never heard of you cats Guys like you mess up a lot of tracks Ask your neighborhood about me Why you rappin' act tough and grizzly Urinate on your jacket and leave you pissy Start jockin, get your autograph I'm missing Defecate on your best line Spit three verses in the cup and get busy A wack ass comin this way Must be cross eyed and dizzy You don't listen enough, see me pissin enough Leave ya yellow spots around your bed area Defecate around your head area Precise when I meet that ass And greet that ass, the brain or what Defecate on your apartment on Poinsettia (Scratching'n'cutting until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn Album: Venomous Villain Song: Ode to Road Rage Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] ....Yolk em, leave 'em with his feet danglin Got his degree in stranglin and street haglin You could find 'em on the beat braggin Then discreetly draggin emcees towards the meat wagon And they chicks to the bang bus Make 'em kick and slang cuss To Vik is no dang fuss He sense a trickle of lingering hate But refuses to get tickled by the fickled figure of fate ..Fuck dat nigga Vik, in it for the buck by the giga A short truck ride to the liquor store to refuel Rookie at the counter, manager told 'em "he cool" Walk, tellin ya hard luck story Or else that's gonna leave a scar, yuck gory And we're audi, peewwmm! V and his rowdy crew You could see how loud he blew And now that's a fine howdy doo Sperrrrrrr!stay in ya lane! Keep drivin straight or catch a stray in ya brain Go deep divin off the side of the bridge off a slide and a skid Who wanna ride with the kid??? [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] ....Tryin to live to see old age So he roll wit the loaded gauge Ode to road rage.. (Road rage) Better get up off his bumper Before he get dumber and let off the thumper Yeah take the next exit Catch 'em on the back street, clack the heat but forget it That's one less buttface News lady said they found coke, open and shut case They convinced it's drug related V skated off in the ugly buggy faded After that last turn Seen an old man crash and burn They have to place his ashes in an urn In return the world is a safer place to race Just don't invade his personal space ..Worst case scenario Place your back away from the bass that's in the stereo Insurance can't bring you back to life From a pissy drunk driver when a big rig jack knife Sclerrrrrr!Stay in ya lane! Keep drivin straight or catch a stray in ya brain Go deep divin off the side of the bridge off a slide and a skid Who wanna ride with the kid??? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn featuring Poisen Pen Album: Venomous Villain Song: Bloody Chain Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] ...Had this one bitty, she gave good brain Used to come and see me in the hood on the train One way cost a buck 50 Not a bad loss if you sure to suck her titty At least for better or for worse Nails was more faker than the letters on her purse Not quite the Gucci butters No drawers, coochie cutters And the hoochie stuttered "Y-y-y-y-ou got another Deski-kid?" She listened to that rap shit V was out of touch with Lit it, hit it raw with no fuss Only thing she said was "J-J-Just pull out before you b-bust" Lightskin from hell V drink gin, she sipped white zinfandel Maybe I'll make her to my baby mother Then she had to break out to babysit her baby brother To show her she was iller than the next chick is He reached in the drawer and let her sport one of the necklaces He gave her change for a token (*kiss*) Get at me when you get to where you going Got a call later that night and was heart broken My man was like "Your girl just got bodied, I'm not joking Fucked up real bad, she ain't make it Stuck her with a cutter, she wouldn't let him take the shit" I'm like "My shorty got stabbed Off the piece of shit chain I had nabbed off a crab" Wouldn't give it up so I put one in his ab Grabbed the bloody chain and took a cab to the lab I knew I should've sold it to the Arab My shorty got stabbed off the same bloody chain [Poisen Pen] ....(Yeah!Yeah!)Late nite club nite Pen attract fights Slumped in the corner click clackin dice All my fam left they was high drunk or fuckin asked If I'm safe dolo I'm from bed stuy its nuthin Cuz told me to murk I wasn't listenin My girls went to work trips & 456n em Chain just glistenin lookin all gaudy Plus the scratch I'm winnin got me lookin all flossy 40 after 40 stogie after stogie Stumbled out the after hours without no homies Forgot where I parked tried to hop in a cab Some dude wit a mask said drop it in the bag Now I'm not used to bein a victim One of them club dudes had the same jeans & kicks on That ass bettin loser this aint right But aint no protocol when u shootin dice Tried to put up a fight but I was too nice Coordination fucked up caught one in the gut Freaked out thought it was worse than it was cause all that blood dispersed from my gut Out the infirmary just a flesh wound But still felt funny when I tried to digest food Back to the hood and I layed low Runnin low on pesos need another game to enhance my payroll This time aint no one sleep Had the rambo on me let my cousin hold the heat I'm mad sober see what happened last time I got my drink on Hold up! She got my link on? The bow legged ho must think somethin sweet She didn't even switch up the piece Maybe she aint know, think her man bought it Then give ya man this for me, just cut her (*Girl screaming*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom is Viktor Vaughn f/ IZ-Real Album: Venomous Villain Song: Pop Quiz (Extra Credit Remix) Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] You better have your pencils ready! Number two! [IZ-Real] ...It's time to enter the mental frame center Locked hour glass, flash sense a sensor Offenders never cross..mad spectors Only mentors get pass to the last set of sectors Adventures open doors, locked by laws To simple plan leaves the common man lost A force and a toss, tape decks on pause But it'll never stop the world from its hectic cause Electro is back by set time codes A road glass mash this track when froze Leave half frequencies in track peak modes Transmitting tracks and quarter inch jacks Only abstract message penetrates slacks on dats Encoded by MF DOOM wax That'll go back on titanium slipmats (Scratching'n'cutting of rap lines) [MF Doom/Viktor Vaughn] ...Out in the everglades forever paid rockin blue blockers More rocker to the beat on the two knockers This go out to the yodas, chewbaccas Tube sock who sure to chase it use two vodkas There's no ID (Uhhh) test question is less stressin Do you need a chess lesson? Keep the rest fessin after they best guessin After yes yes'n, after party at the best western Turn the beat up, meet up with big IZ, it's big biz Like computer wiz beat up big kids A man ho out in Orlando He about to flow or rock a banjo on the man show Ya'll can't go, it's really not a comp thing MF stomp and leave out like swamp thing Flip quick like a fresh fax contract Niggaz bite bigger than they bark black Shark attack! (Scratching'n'cutting of the same rap lines) [IZ-Real] ...I check landscapes when I awake and I states Don't eat rare steaks, Doom break bread with fake mates On off dates, I still work til dawn breaks When it comes to stress, yo I got mad weight Trouble's on my mind, we will save it a rhyme Mic been held captive many a times Sometimes hard to find, but it has survived A thin line of hate and flakes and fake crimes Gangsters, thugs, and cornball emcees Taken for granted what I work hard to free From greed a seed pass into deep seas Out of the land of the fourth pharisees False idols I got thum checkin for their vitals No come dub subtext and subtitle Insight awe, I prescribe Mydol To the bloated rappers who do bite all (Scratching'n'cutting of the same rap lines) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM..Food Song: Beef Rapp Typed by: tay_2_22@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [MF Doom] Beef rap Could lead to gettin teeth capped Or even a wreath for mom dukes on some grief crap I suggest ya change ya diet It can lead ta high blood pressure if ya fry it Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease It ain't no startin back once arteries start ta squeeze Take the easy way out phony, until then They know they wouldn't be talkin that bologna in the bullpen So disgustin, pardon self as I discuss this They talk a wealth of shit and they ain't never seen the justice Bust this, like a cold milk from out the toilet Two batteries some Brillo and some foil, he'a boil it He be better off on PC glued And it's a feud so don't be in no TV mood Every week it's mystery meat, seaweed stewed [food, we need food!] He wears a mask just to cover the raw flesh A rather ugly brother with flows that's gorgeous Drop dead joints hit the whips like bird shit They need it like a hole in they head or a third tit Her bra smell, his card say: aw hell Barred from all bars and kicked out the Carvel' Keep a cooker where the jar fell And keep a cheap hooker that's off the hook like Ma Bell Top bleeding, maybe fella took the loaded rod gears Stop feeding babies colored sugar-coated lard squares The odd pairs swears and God fears Even when it's rotten, we've gotten through the hard years I wrote this note around New Year's Off a couple a shots and a few beers, but who cares? Enough about me, it's about the beats Not about the streets and who food he about ta eat A rhymin cannibal who's dressed to kill, it's cynical Whether is it animal, vegetable, or mineral It's a miracle how he get so lyrical And proceed to move the crowd like a old Negro spiritual For a mil' do a commercial for Mello Yello Tell 'em devil's hell no, sell y'all own Jello We hollow krills, she swallow pills He follow flea collar three dollar bills And squeal for halal veal, in y'all appeal Dig the real, it's how the big ballers deal Twirl a L after every meal [FOOD] What up To all rappers shut up with ya shuttin up And keep your shirt on, at least a button up Yuck, is they rhymers or strippin males? Outta work jerks since they shut down Chippendales They chippin nails, Doom... jippin scales Let alone the pre-orders that's counted off shippin sales This one goes out to all my peoples skippin bail Dippin jail, whippin tail, and sippin ale Light the doobie til it glow like a ruby After which they couldn't find the Villain like Scooby He's in the lab on some old Buddha Monk shit Overproof drunk shit, and who'da thunk it? Punk try an ask why ours be better It could be the iron mask or the Cosby sweater Yes, you, who's screwed by the dude on the CD, nude! [we need food!] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM...Food Song: Hoe Cakes Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com *Beatboxing is heard through the entire song* [MF Doom] KEEP YA HOES IN CHECK!(..Super!) I got this girl and she wants me to duke Her I told her I'd come scoop her around 8, she said "Super!" that sounds great, shorty girl's a trooper no matter what I need her to do, she be like "Super!" own his own throne, the boss like King Koopa on the microphone he flossed the ring "Super! average emcees is like a TV blooper MF DOOM...hes like D.B. Cooper out wit the moolah, I let her get a outfit jus to cool her off she said niggaz ain't about shit I wonder if she meant it, I doubt it the way it be in her mouth, she can't live witout it and can't live with this, handle yo bidness villain'll stay on a scandalous hoes shit list one pack of cookies please Mr. Hooper its fun smackin rookies, he is the "Super!" look like a black wookie when he let his beard grow weirdo, brown skin'ded always kept his hair low rumor has it its a S-curl accident DOOM was always known to keep the best girls backs bent some say its the eyes, some say the accent a lotta guys wonder where they stacks went I call her thunder thighs, with the fatty swolla only mess wit high rollas, do what daddy told her no matter the city she with me to do the thang thang work in the coochie, hooptie chitty chitty bang bang same name on the titty as on the name ring pretty like Baby D off "all in the same gang" keep my eye on her really don't trust her but I treat her like a daughter, taught her how to bust a nut and the heat to turn beef to horsemeat chalupa teach her how to hold it, of course he is the "Super!" see most cats treat her like foofer or beat her to a stupor, take it from the "Super!" ya need to make her feel cuter and lay down the G like Luther, everythin'll be "Super!" do for her, keep her in a new fur so she look sweet when she go to meet the "Super!" got the buddha get the Grenadiers, twist it put it in the air, come 'ere, kiss it listen here scooter, let her try to bag you when she's on the rag never let her fry the Ragu which will have you under some type of spell crying "dag boo" her name on ya back in her tattoo whether a bourgie broad, nerd hoe, street chick don't call her wifey if you met her at the freaknick you don't want her don't waste her time, I'll dupe her oh and be a father to ya child like the "Super!" he keep his hoes in check sends 'em out to get glows from off frozen necks tell 'em take his clothes, leave him posin nekkid for real better yet, get 'em for the check off the record deal find out where he keep the tek an the blue steel make sure for extra wreck let 'em know how you feel and while he's runnin down to all star weekend to ball I'm comin with the U-HAUL!(Super!) (..Super!) (...Super!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ Count Bass-D (Dwight Spits) Album: MM... Food Song: Potholderz Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*scratched: "Aww shit" ... "hot shit"*} [Dwight Spits] I strive to be humble, lest I stumble Never sold a jumbo or copped chicken with it's mumbo sauce Tyson is a fowl holocaust Hitler gassed your whole head up with poetry I'm fed up Ignore cordon bleu, stand up get up Lunge for your knife; don't forget your potholders [MF DOOM] WHAT? These old things? About to throw them away With the gold rings that make 'em don't fit like O.J. Usually I take them off with Oil of Olay MC's is crabs in a barrel pass the old bay Hot as hell and it's a cold day in it Working on a way that we roll away tinted Some say the price of holdin heat is often too high You either be in a coffin or you be the new guy The one that's too fly to eat shoe pie (never too busy) Never too busy when it comes down to you and I (Swear to god) A lot of niggaz wish to die They need to hold they horses, there's bigger fish to fry You're on the list; if not pick a number spot Ten and a half Timbs is made to kick your bumba claat ... I could have had a V-8 F-150 quad cab but I'll be straight Money comes and goes like that two bit hussy that night that tried to rush me Dwight pass the dutchie So I can calm down so they don't get it twisted Take it from the fire side it won't get blistered Got it - what happened? Oh, it's not lit These metal fingers be holding hot shit [Dwight Spits] When I was four I pen god was born in New York Back in seventy seven still got nan in the crescent The effervescent of God's presence is thick Unlike vapor, escarole, extra roll, word to the baker Peace to the hard workin ginger bread makers Looked her up and down said hmmmm too much makeup Poor music taste, ten years from being grown up Rappers don't blow up heads do (awwwww shit) My name is Dwight Spits, I'ma Sonic addict I use to think it was merely a nagging habit Born under a bad sign I'm serious about this curse of mine I strive to flip it into fine wine Barely born a virgin is what the stars said Black not white, red all over though like Elmo Twenty eight years have passed I feel I'm peakin I make music every weekend It's a chore, a fact of life A labor of love I get mad love but I detest the labor And it's wages - you know death I'm servin life on this gift of God Don't forget your potholders my niggaz {*scratched: "mo' hot shit"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM... Food	 Song: Appetizers: One Beer Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com [MF Doom] I get no kick from champagne Their alcohol doesn't thrill me at all So tell me why shouldn't it be true I get a kick out of brew [MF Doom] There is only one beer left Rappers screaming all in our ears like we're deaf Tempt me Do a number on the label Eat up all their MC's and drink 'em under the table like It's on me Put it on my tab kid However you get there Foot it, Cab it, Iron horse it You leaving on your face forfeit I crush the mic hold it like the heat he might toss it Told him tell they stole it He told her he lost it She told him get off it, and a bunch other more shit Getting money DT's be getting no new leads It's like he eating watermelon stay spitting new seeds It's da weed give me some of what he's drooping off Soon as he wake up choking like it was whooping cough The group been soft First hour at the open bar and their trooping off He went to go laugh and get some head by the side road She asked him to autograph her dareair It read to wide load this yard bird taste like fried toad Turned love villain Take pride and code words Crooked eye mold nerd geek with a cold heart Probably still be speaking in rhymes as an old fart Study how to eat to dine by the pizza guy No he's not to fly to skeet in a skezzers eye And squeeze her thigh Maybe giver her curves a feel And the same way she feel it when she flow with nerves of steel They call him super when they need their back or plumbing fixed Powers only one left the pack comes in six Whatever happened to two and three A hood tried to slide with four and five and got caught Like what you doing G Don't make 'em have to get cutting like truancy Matter fact not for nothing right now you and me Looser than a pair of adidas I hope you bought your spare tweeters MC's sound like cheerleaders Rapping and dancing like Red Head Kingpin Dude can't do his thing again no matter how be blinging You do it for the smelly hubbies Seeds know what time it is like it's time for tellie tubbies Few can do it even fewer can sell it Take it from the dude who wears mask like a tarded helmet He plots shows like robberies In and out One, two, three, no bodies please Run the cash and you won't get a wet sweatshirt The mic is the shootie nobody move nobody get hurt Bring heat like the boy I'm going to war Came in the door, and everybody on the floor A whole string of jobs like we are on tour Everynight on the score coming to your corner store The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM...Food Song: Deep Fried Frenz Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Whodini] Before we go any furthur..FRIENDS! [MF Doom] As you call em, they call you when they need somethin Trees for the blunt 'n, to g's for the frontin I found a way to get piece of mind for years And left the hell alone, turn a deaf ear to the cellular phone Send me a letter, or better, we could see each other in real life Just so you could feel me like a steel knife At least so you could see the white of they eyes Bright wit surprise, once they finish spittin lies Asssociates, is your boys, your girls, bitches, niggaz, homies? close, but really don't know me Mom, dad, comrade, peeps, brothers, sisters, duns, dunnies Some come around when they need some money Others make us laugh like the Sunday funnies Fam be around whether you paid or bummy You could either ignore this advice, or take it from me Be too nice and people take you for a dummy So nowadays he ain't so friendly Actually they wouldn't even made a worthy enemy Read the signs: no feeding the baboon Seein as how they got ya back bleeding from the stab wounds Ya'll know the dance, they smile in ya face, ya'll know the glance Try ta put 'em on, they blow the chance Never let your so-called mans know ya plans (Whodini: How many of us have them?).a show of hands (Whodini: FRIENDS!) Is a term some people use loosely I'm real choosy on what I choose to let crews see You telling me, I try ta act broke Jealousy, the number one killer among black folk Fellas be under some type a spell, like crack smoke Ghetto cinderellas, lead 'em right to your stack loc Just another way a chick'll lead to your end I check the dictionary for the meanin of Friends It said: Person, one who likes to socialize with Sympathise and help her, and that's about the size of it Most of the time these attributes is one-sided To bolster the crime, they apt to shoot you through your eyelid And they can't hide it, goin wild like a white bitch Sometimes ya need to cut niggaz off like a light switch (Click!) an when things get quiet Catch 'em like a thief in the night (Bow!) what a riot I first met Mister Fantastik at a arms deal Don't let it get drastic, think of how yer moms'll feel When it get for real, the steel get to sparkin Everything darken, and ain't no talkin For somethin so cheap it sure buys a lot of trouble Ya better off focusing than tryin ta plot the bubble Or else it'd be a sad note to end on, the guns we got is (Whodini: One's we can depend on..FRIENDS!) Some come in the form of co-dependence Alotta times only end up bein co-defendants Ten bucks say they tell for a lower sentence And leave you up under the jail, beggin for a penance It don't make no sense, what happened to the loyalty? Honor amongst crooks, trust amongst royalty I'd rather go out in a blaze, than give 'em the glory (Whodini: How many of us have--)a similar story (Whodini: FRIENDS!) Before lovers we used to have some type of overstanding Just so when I let her get the man thing, she know its no strings We could do the damn thing, but hoe its no rings Just how the tramp swings, will she see 'em again? That depends on how good was the skins And could she memorize the lessons, it ain't no need to pretend Even though she let 'em stab it, she know they just[friends] [Whodini-Singing] FRIENDS! How many of us have them? FRIENDS! Ones we can depend on? FRIENDS! How many of us have them? FRIENDS! Before we go any furthur.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM... Food	 Song: Entrees: Kon Karne Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com [MF Doom] Darker than the east river Larger than the Empire State Where the beats to guard the barbed wire gate Is on the job not my fate Tired of the wait to the villain bring deliverance from the dire straits Fire at a higher rate Why'd they make the liars Fliers scatter Buy a plate Isolate the wires Try the straight pliers if not the vise grips A real price saver way to acquire nice whips What a steal for real on wheels of steel Stunner a funner summer number one meal deal bummer A bizarre phenomenon is your armor on Take ya cash coma or break ya fast Ramadan Trons action drama awww come on barney Clack clack pardon me wack rap Kon Karne He came to feed the childrens like Sally Strothers After that he's going back to cali where's da [love is] Wilder than the nile Old power like the great pyramids of giza And stay leanin like the tower of pisa Give him something he can feel that's off the squeeza Raw with the pen and on the mic off the hezza Get shot off that wide eye talk If he had a pot he'd still piss on the sidewalk Can't take the street out the street person Looking for the perfect beat co worsen into heat bursting They couldn't spot him on the spot date Got the only tape that comes with a free hot plate Whoever do get to see me sing With the 3-D ring sittin stationary like B.B. King Can see how it really sting It ain't no front row Standing room only at the motorcross stunt show The ruckus ain't up to snuffiluffigus me and Sub is like the brown Smothers Brothers Faster than the seven seas Bigger than mount kilimanjaro If they don't know fill them in tomorrow And the horror show I'm into no return bars regularly Swear to god before he gets a job he robs head hurt Blessed with a hot flow Tested and got doe Invested and stressed the best to finest an opto As I reminisce never forgot when I was very broke Shot the henny straight couldn't afford to cop the cherry coke Or should I say broke with wealth To know enough to give them just rope to yoke they self Playin me before I take the ring and pawn it The long arm of the law couldn't even put they fingers on it Dog on it Do the statistics How he bust lyrics was to futuristic for ballistics And far to eccentric for forensics I dedicate this mix to Subroc the Hip Hop Hendrix The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ 4ize, Angelika Album: MM...Food Song: Guinnesses Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Angelika] ...shayton never came so ill, he got skill Met a brother from the drill that gave my spine chills All.. thirty three nerves controllin my curves Common sense just swerved everytime I got served Stress, frustration, empty rhetoric Cold as winter in conneticut Compassion lackin deficit Thought it was love life, sent from above You not a soulmate More ways and actions of a crimate Who by low and census comin faker than extentions Pistol way offed in intentions outta here sister was missin Intuition baby it was me I couldn't see Holdin onto fantasy, gettin bit by reality [4ize-Singing] (Chorus) War wound, purple heart, love veteran Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine Anything just to forget the hurt, INCOMING... Take cover hit the dirt On the frontline, there's casualities in the mind And the POW's get left behind Mentally scarred for life, love is war And some chics are just too hard to wife [Angelika] I should've debtted it from Genisis Instead of hittin them Guinnessez Now I'm free fallin cursin at the street brawlin He cease callin, no appetite for free stallin So deep all in, I bet he never stop ballin Women, forsake God for the scent of a man Sacrifice I hold life for a slice, overstand? Maybe it's a lack of pigment Loneliness imagine figment Ownly got the car tinted to pull extra G's in it Damn Jody, comin with the okie doke, pokie poke Steady rockin boats, got me aimin for ya throats Sniper scope, weren't we supposed to elope? Propose then ya froze, I don't think that I can cope [4ize-Singing] (Chorus) War wound, purple heart, love veteran Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine Anything just to forget the hurt, INCOMING... Take cover hit the dirt On the frontline, there's casualities in the mind And the POW's get left behind Mentally scarred for life, love is war And some chics are just too hard to wife [Angelika] Constant frustration, stemmin from a no win situation Rushin lust and fornication, adding to the complication Patience is a virtue, pain run deep with love desert you Listenin to wisperin, choosin chaos over discipline Simpleton, life should really be a piece of intimance Relationships swiftin in Flower essence: penstemon Gentlemen, my favorite shit, so I never forsaken it I presevere, make it fit, sculptin and reshapin it Takin sips off a fifth and IF passion it Inscense in sits candles lit, scandalous Emotional bandages, why would he abandon us? Guess he couldn't handle it, the boss is magnanimous [4ize-Singing] (Chorus) War wound, purple heart, love veteran Morphine, pain killers, drugs and medicine Anything just to forget the hurt, INCOMING... Take cover hit the dirt On the frontline, there's casualities in the mind And the POW's get left behind Mentally scarred for life, love is war And some chics are just too hard to wife The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM...Food Song: Kon Queso Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [MF Doom] ...Give it a sec for the pain to start This wreck right here it ain't for the faint of heart They thought they saw the worst verse From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first Once they get to know us people dig us Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggaz Inventor of the more demented flow nobody doubt it This go for if ya bout it bout it or rowdy rowdy Whatevers clever the master fold Who every hooka heard a but now HO NO If we see tomorrow the next day classes The villain in the back with the x-ray glasses (*Pause*) Have no fear the ninja here Feel em like the tinge in ya ear from drinkin ginger beer When it's on loco head gon' lay low And heat it like beef patty coco bread con queso If you say so lace the whole case load They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show He told em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halo's Say OH if you never worked a J-O And keep more cash then a stash in a peso Okay yo ya'll know who to follow Tie em up in the crib and leave the place hollow ..Oh shoot the goose shes loose So wild you couldnt chase it down with straight fruit juice Frown like the first time you taste cous cous Stash the deuce deuce Troops askin truce truce Today on intense wreck week We have the super villain in his own defense to speak It's all part of my mental techniques Available to freaks and pencil neck geeks Train the same brain to a insane train of thought On a campaign trail he came to gain ya support Charge cash for a autograph Say some shit to make ya daughta laugh Then slaughta the ass Seem em on the big screen like Steve McQueen Do something and never be back once he leave the scene Keep more medicated pads then Stridex For his own sidewrecks with no known side effects Before you press charges use ya noodle So what when he grab the mic he scratch ya cute cuticles Keep ya mouth shut everything'll be beautiful It would be often rude to you now get back to ya hooty hoo Damnit it ain't worth the drama can it From the calm bandit eat rhymers like pomegranate Soon as he stepped in he lit the room Boom reschedule my noon with Britt Hume (Doom!) In love with Mary Jane she's my main thing Pulled her right from that webhead what a lame brain Maintain say it dont spray it Wanna see ya girl again ya might as well pay it If I had a dime for every rhymer who bust guns I'll have a cool mill for my sons in trust funds When I was broker than a broke dick dog I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog When it rain it sure do thunderstorm I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms One two microphone checker First learned to neck off a Home-Ec homewrecker This is back when he was like crib age When he hit the stage its like a gauge to the rib cage Break the mic like a rock star break a guitar Jump off the stage like "Yee haw!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ Mr. Fantastik Album: MM...Food Song: Rapp Snitch Knishes Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] Yo.. [MF Doom- Talking] Yo [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] MF Doom [MF Doom- Talking] Mr. Fantastik [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] Mr. Fantastik [MF Doom- Talking] The villain [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] What up, nigga? [MF Doom- Talking] Ain't nuttin, what's the word? [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] What's cracking, boy? [MF Doom- Talking] Same ol' shit, kid [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] Man..rap snitches man..shit is bugged out, man, the fuck man [MF Doom- Talking] You telling me [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] Niggaz running their mouth, telling anything, anything! [Mr. Fantastik] (Chorus: 2 times) Rap snitches, tellin all their business Sit in the court and be they own star witness Do you see the perpetrator, yeah I'm right here Fuck around and get the whole label sent up for years (Huh) [Mr. Fantastik] Type profile low, like ay get paid in full Attract heavy cash cuz the game's centrifical Mister Fantastik long though like elastic Got my life between glocks, it's made out of plastic Can't stand the brown nosin nigga fake ass bastard Admiring my style so I bust through Manhattan Since plottin, plan the quickest, my flow is the sickest My hoes be the thickest, my dro.. the stickiest Street nigga, stamped and bonafide When beef jump niggaz come get me cuz they know I ride Two to the ski mask, New York's my origin Play a fake gangsta like a old accordian Accordin ta him, when the deed's rushed in Complication from the wild testimony was thin Caused his man ta go up north, the ball hit 'em again Blame rap snitch nigga, even told on the mexican [Mr. Fantastik] (Chorus: 2 times) * (The second time the chorus is repeated, it doesn't end with "Huh") Rap snitches, tellin all their business Sit in the court and be they own star witness Do you see the perpetrator, yeah i'm right here Fuck around get the whole label sent up for years (Huh) [MF Doom] True, there's rules to this shit, fools dare care Everybody wanna rule the world with tears for fear Yeah yeah tell 'em tell it on the mountain hill Runnin up they mouth bill, everybody doubtin still Informer, keep it up and get tested Pop through the bubble vest or double breasted He keep a lab down south in the little beast So much heat you woulda thought it was the middle east A little grease always keeps the wheels a spinnin Like sittin on twenty threes to get the squeelers grinnin Hittin on many trees, feel real linen Spittin on enemies, get the steel for tin men Where no brains but gum flap He said his gun clap, then he fled after one slap (Pat!) son shut your trap, save it for the bitches MMM...delicious, rap snitch knishes [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] You know what I'm saying? It's a terrible--crazy, man Just analyzing this all game, it's bugged out Niggaz snitching..telling on them allselves [MF Doom- Talking] It's a horror, man.. [Mr. Fantastik-Talking] Fuck around..and get anybody bagged, man.. Fuck around and get yo mama bagged, nigga.. You know your grandmama begging..fake hustling nigga (*Laughter*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM... Food	 Song: Entrees: Vomitspit Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com IT's the beat He hear it in his sleep sometime Blare it in your jeep so your peoples can stare at them rhymes Real rhymes not your everyday hologram Even when ribs were touchin never swallowed the Ham	 He'd rather eat a sand sandwich salad It might need salt like your mans bland ballad A lot of stuff happens that the news won't tell yous Loose all L juice Snooze all hell loose Rake it Take it like the good, the bad, the ugly Break it rollin through ya hood in the cadi buggy Butter softy, leather flossy, fatty juggy Always threw me off when she told me daddy funk me I'm like anywho's Seeds walkin all out in street with out any shoes I guess it's better than some funky socks You need to get her some skips before she catch the monkey pocks Instead she wants to hear the beatbox Take pills and make fake krills as sheetrock Sing it Bring it back to your laboratory While he's in his oratory Glorious like a horror story The mask is like Jason They told the place not to let the basket type case in He could be some kind of wacko Waiting for the chance to heat the pipes like a crack hoe He busted in Blessed be the lord Who believe any mess then read up on the message board If so I got bridges for the low low Same bitch a go dry snitchin to the popo Yeah orange peal stoges for the hotel Feel like I have been gone over a year came home to old gear It was the shit when I first scooped it At least I get to sit out in New York and curse stupid Plead the fifth Sip wine stiffly Patiently come up and be spiffy in a jiffy Gift for the grind Criminal mind shifty Swift with the nine through a fifty nine fifty Well edjumacated he heard it when he meditated In deep data had her hate the create plata Dedicated cheap skata who keeps data Sage stayed self medicated and sleep later Side effects is similar to sugar pill Who eva go next on the mic he put a bugger ewwww And made his exit on some calm shit Begged him on the regular for kegs of more Vomitspit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM... Food	 Song: Entrees: Kookies Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com [MF Doom] One lonely evening alone home End up with carpal tunnel syndrome Here I am don't forget the heavy back aches Grown and living off of little Debbie snack cakes Supposed to be checking e-mails All I got is messages from ass naked females Kookies I don't know no jenny she said its free and I wont owe her a penny And that's the last time I saw her But thousands of more horror and on-line Gomorra And Sodom They got 'em with they curls out And they got a better sales pitch then the girl scouts I wonder what I owe her For a whole box of caramel coconut samoa Nite nite Ok honey sweet dreams now it gets very serious like peach creams A metal hand filled squish it on the quilt Misses wakes up and I'm killed over spilled milk Locked in looking at your picture Fully clothed winter and I right there wit cha Thinking about the last time I split your wishbone A man could only wish you could do the same till he get home Fat chance At least he got snacks Better have the due till a brother get back Till then smack when I jack I hope wanna hit peoples kookies with a fried pack That's three different flavors Chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry wafers He acting all hard bout to get beat up I'll show him what time it is once I get his feet up As soon as he fell off his beat down all I hear is Thirteenth cell put the sheet down Damn C.O. What the hell do she know Besides the fact that she wants her back dug out on the d-low A workaholic with a fountain in the ink pen House in the mountains and he stop drinking again In the wee hours he's gotten farther Maybe three showers getting hot and bothered The wiz with her legs bent pregnant God blessed the dick she wondered where her egg went He got to hell but it's hard to drink with out it And could use some kookies but trying not to think about it Watch him bet on jazz from knowledge on file Every other commercial college hoes gone wild Soft batch he prefer the other bunch like they got for lunch Chocolate fudge butter crunch Don't mess with the ritz bitz, wheat thins, saltine triskits Motts so's and cheese its Catch sugar fits every time he sees a nice pair of Chips ahoy double chocolate chunk Something with the bubble and the junk in the trunk Even the oreo No matter what the weather Always kept dipped in milk and stuck together In the game he's shameless even uses a code name Famous Amos Cheaper than a short stay at the day's inn and good like 25 cent oatmeal raisin Give it up to who invented the camera Never mind the ginger bread men and the grandma's Make sure she don't wake from her dream Killer get caught with a hand full of cream filled Kookies It might seem ill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: MM.. More Food * Song: Blunt Drunk (All Outta Ale Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * bonus disc given away with "MM.. Food?" pre-orders at various websites [MF Doom] Smack it up, flip it, pulled out, 'bout to fail Sunday in the A-T-L and I'm all outta ale Like a bat out of hell, tripped on a cat tail Mutt drinkin out a pail, who let the rat out the cell? Got all the ingredients and recipe, might as well Since last week the bootlegger been in jail If all else fail, inhale the ale Makin sure they can't see your sale via snail mail Mind like a sewer, servin rhyme on a skewer Doom'll step to a fine dime like he knew her My black sister, she said "Step back" before he kissed her She did the dipper and the smack just missed her There go a list of politics like Henry Kissinger 99% of rap is just a friendly issue to I'm like these dudes must have some screws loose to hate y'all Or a couple of ounces short of deuce-deuce or 8 Ball Y'all know it's time for the end, when the day come Buy an album, get rudely insulted over fake drums Same CD's you get for free, you break 'em Wa-alaikum, make 'em eat they food like steak'um Why she wanna ask me if I could pass the paparika? One hand on the mic, the other on the beaker Every week or so peaked out the lab though, eureka A technique to keep somethin uniquer in your speaker For yo' information, I didn't do the beat y'all It ain't my fault, if she didn't move her feet at all Skeeter, got Peter to pay Paul So you can drink it on Mary so she can play ball ... So let her have my scrilla And cut it out with all that funny hand jive will ya? All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E Drink it all fast, make you haul ass slowly And rhymin to remember what you told me Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley? Yo G, remind me to remember what you told me Whoever don't feel him build walls like a goalie One for the money, two for the better green Three for methanine-dioxymethamphetamine Told the knock kneed ghetto queen get the head fiend Tell him it's for Medallin and use oxcyocetaline Who needs airplay, it's all just hearsay Leave a wig like it was havin a bad hair day Miracle glide master, asked him what's his secret He said Shasta, and turned to formaldehyde faster When I'm home with my lady, I try to duke her daily One night she tried to flail me with her ukelele Pack your heat, the Villain on the cover of Black Beat With a bunch of crackers and some snack meat ... You better have my scrilla Cut it out with all that funny hand jive will ya? All this trouble for a tall glass of Olde E Drink it all fast, make you haul ass slowly Remind me to remember what you told me Holey moley, did you get a load of her roley poley? Yo G, remind me to remember what you told me And if you don't feel him build walls like a goalie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF DOOM Album: THC - The Hip-Hop Collection Volume One Song: Favorite Ladies Typed by: slimkidonhigh@netscape.net Mary, you make me wanna eat you Everytime I see you, it's like the first time I meet you Frangrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see through Like my genie in a bottle Miss could get me rich like a magaziney model Before you know it, he have her on a stroll Fresh and ripe, perplexin like Acapulco Gold If I had to guess, just right, not a day old Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load Know the right number, you can get her And hit while you would've sold to the highest bidder like Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry Just be cute and don't worry Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it Then she started losing weight, lettin everybody hit it I like Ally, sometimes she gets bitter Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her She used to let me use her, back when I was looser Respect her to this day, and never did abuse her I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me I probably coulda been, if I never meet Eevee She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though Kept a shorty, can't find 'em much thinnner If caught I get mad time just for touchin her Knock wood, so much for hymens So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds Little young thing, she likes to do the tounge thing At times, she would play hard to get, grunting Or something, she made me feel like the number one king Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling Met her at Central Park this one time Had the God mentally sparked, reflectin sunshine She said, you need to stop messin wit that white girl She fuckin wit ya head and got ya heart in tight curl We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me She helped me get money at the dutch price OT Plus she from Columbia, so she really Spanish Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish And Miss Hazy, all the women mature black Everytime she sees me, I end up gettin pulled back All she want me to do is blaze it crazy The only one complaint is, she make me too lazy Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi Just her way to makeup for the headaches that she gave me It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on Ally is always there to help me get back on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: El Chupa Nibre Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Brak] Why did you buy this album? I don't know why you did, you're stupid "{Fuck} yourself" [MF Doom] Ha ha ha ha! The super flow with more jokes than Bazooka Joe A mix between Superfly Snuka and a superhoe Chew a MC like El Chupa Nibre Digest a group and sell the poop on eBay Danger with the vest screamin "Shoot the DJ!" Doom clickin over two chickens, three-way Four in the 5, a cork on the freeway Villain find a way to make 'em pay whatever we say ... state your intentions "I really love your tape but I hate your inventions" Very well - what you want, a brownie? He took off the mask and whispered "Put me where you found me" He kept his paper digits in a chunk Once joined a rap click - midgets into crunk He did a solo on the oboe Coulda sold a million then the Villain went for dolo ... and cited creative differences Basically they hated, he left no jaded witnesses Rappers suck, when they spit I doubt 'em The crap they sing about you'll wanna slap the {fuckin shit} out 'em Psht - time waits for no man On a blind date, a love with a slow chrome hand Judged him by his shoes, hot smelly Brogan Budged him with the news, called him pot-bellied Conan ... no prick barbarian A strict bear-atarian, a sick pair of merry men The beat is like a swift kick in the rear end The stiff {dick} made her lose her lipstick and hairpin He said "Djamn! Act like you know me Even with the mask on, show me what you owe me" Tell her brush her grill and wash her face and {twat} homey Dumile got her like Inuyasha got Kagome What we have here is a failure to communicate If you gonna hate, might at least get your rumors straight about Doom the Great, a lot more confident Came a long way since the days we had to rhyme for rent It was time well spent, vented Spelt and dented, hell-bented and heaven-scented A wire is dead, he's in it for the cash flow I'd like to send a big up to Firehead Lazzo Let a brother know once you lasso Hasbro So when he come with Destro he gets no hassle ... could hardly get a word in and wonderin what the damage is to retain Harvey Birdman? (*BEEP!!*} [Master Shake] Yo uhh, Danger! It's me your old buddy Shake Ahh, I heard you're doin a little project and uhh, y'know I hear you talked to some OTHER PEOPLE and I thought you were smarter than that But obviously I am WRONG cause you know my rappin is the {shit} I don't give it out for free though! So uhh, I'll do it Feel free to call me, at my number, which you have {*phone hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Sofa King Typed by: flunkycarter@gmail.com Scared of a bunch of water, then get out the rain Order a rapper for lunch and spit out the chain Then kick a lungee of the tip of his timbo And trick a honey dip into a game of of strip limbo Odd... He couldn't find no remorse A wink is as good as a nod to a blind horse Of course his technique was from a divine source Never new the price of ice or what swine cost One guy tried to bite the heat That's when he discovered the other other white meat Ohhhh, the one they hate so well He sure keeps it pyscho like the old bates motel They came to ask him for a least some new tracks But only got confronted by the beast with two backs Knock... Mouse is a made man Villain laid it down like the best laid plan [?] the cat who the hell is that near the middle Got y'all but it's not all bare and skittles Prepare the viddles, got riddles and spittles Crystal clear to the jock or the tittle TSSSS.. It's hot off the griddle Came to take the cake wether it's a lot or a little KABOOM... DOOM is nervous large You could tell by his Blooming room service charge Dark and tall to boot The only thing was wrong was he was bald as a coot Used to rent a van from Peter Pan to red and tan And keep the human foot for his dead man's hand This was when the mask was brand spanking new Before it got rusted from drinking all the brew [Sniff] Stankin' too, pew Kept all his earnings in the bank and his shoe Spat what he knew, energy for true To all fake rappers, twenty-three skidoo Excuse you, any room in the class front? For a blast of the blunt, shrooming since last month Doom a human in the mask I'm on the stunt Danger zooming past mad fast on the hunt Keep the streets, we got the city needing conquered Discreetly with the city till they be completely bonkered The fans demanded it, handled it, swallow it His own brandishing, if only he could bottle it Hmm.. Nah she could get messy Feds tried to tortue him for the secret recipe He said: It's no use, I only know half No speake de english. I only do the math Zzzzz. Felt no pain His brain was saturated with cocaine and Rogaine He said: Try scan no thing three-card dead fly man go for bling he got bled I jam over sting, see spots red I am "Sofa King, We Todd Ed" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom f/ Ghostface Killah Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: The Mask Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro: song sample] "Is it much, too much to ask Not to hide behind the mask" [MF Doom] Head on straight, mask on crooked Exit stage left, with the cast on crooked Off like a khufi, the figure's a big doofy He tried to get schoolie, with that tool for you One two for me G, cut the cranky attitude Wet 'em like a handkerchief, or a stanky fatter dude Whether you'se a rapper or a damn singer Once you in there's only one way out, like a gang banger With a new crew key chain, and street name What set do he claim for fame, game Just to keep feather and stay dipped You need it like a letter, or better a get away whip This old thing's rusted and crusted as the bowl Rings the all kings busted Planning in, global starvation and fat herb Now what in tarnation did I go and do that for? Stuff happens, like getting snuffed for tough tit rappings See I told him enough, quit your yapping The same apply to any and all chumps The only question he had for y'all was how many lumps Three or four, either or Mon cheri amore, so why you need your heater for? The super villain slid in your party for free Want an MC, get out of here, kid, you bother me [Ghostface Killah] The day I took my mask off My face was missing for two days For the record, G, came back a year later A whole new identity, Toney Starks pedigree My money green like my nickname was celery Who is Ghost? He flashed his toast Never wore sheets, but bulletproof coats Oh no! The feds cried for the mask back on Told them Ghost is dead, he'll return at the crack of dawn Few years from now, him and his pals Before the Jetson era will rock, he'll be back summer time 2005 With a half of face iron, the other half water, look like alien science In the summer time, you can see the face boil But the other side, I keep luke with the Pennzoil Mad loyal, when the winter time come, I gets stuck with my brain all numb Like I ate thousand icey's and frozen Pepsi's Aquaman's pops can't water check me, disrespect me, indirectly I seen his feet and they both lefty, he steppin' half correctly As I stroll the globe and terrorize the planet With a Bill Clinton mask and them Playskool hens Me and Doom, always be the best on the landing Superheroes for life until our souls vanish [Outro: Brak from Space Ghost] Check me out my name is Brak and not to fuck I got a mom and a dad and they all outback We're sitting by the pool, and we never on snacks And we eat a big lunch and we all take naps Why the beat stop? Hey! Hey! I got a Mask too, so give me a mic! (You're no Doom!) Come on Danger Mouse, give me that beat! Turn the beat around, love to hear precaution (You suck) Turn it upside down! Love to hear the... (I'm know talent, and you ain't got it) I wasn't done! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Brak's Rap * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * bonus track hidden after "The Mask" [Brak] Check me out My name is Brak and that's a fact I got a mom and a dad and they are out back We sit by the pool and we nibble on snacks Then we eat a big lunch and we all take naps! Why'd the beat stop? Hey! Heyyyyy... I got a mask too so gimme the mic! [Zorak] Cheh! You're no Doom [Brak] C'mon Danger Mouse, gimme that beat! [Brak - singing Vicki Sue Robinson] Turn the beat around! Love to hear per-cussion! [Zorak] You suck! [Brak - still singing] Turn it upside down! Love to hear it... [Zorak] I know talent, and you ain't got it [Brak - angry] I WASN'T DONE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Perfect Hair Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [MF Doom] Perfect hair, to the second power of forever Ask him do he need it? Hells yeah, now or never On a mission with friends of fair weather Sooner the better, off to Mt. Tuna, wear your leather prepared sweater And watch out for Catman my brothers He keep his strand slicked back like Scatman Caruthers A balding boy, sound like Janeane Garofalo Fiend for a sloppy fro, who seen the evil Coiffio? Not me yo, I'm leavin, I'm gone Even if him got them bomb weavin Kalikelon No more or less stress than your old boss The tears burn your eyes less than fresh S-curls sores And Brenda, the best girl lost Uncle grandfather bare chest was pearl gloss Earl tossed, there goes a whole tray of hamburgers Villain 'til they old and grey like olden day scamworkers Circa one nine seventy-one On the mic machine it seems his work will never be done He seeks the ninth level of power But weak geek might freak it in another hour or so, they call the fool retarded hair guy In school you could spot it when he nodded "Here, why?" I think his true name was Gerald The toupee, the male pattern anime herald A good laugh like the walk to the bank not the plank, talk to the hand and the hot frank dog (*BEEP!!*} [Master Shake] Danger Doom it's Master Shake, hey buddy! Ah did you get those e-mails I sent? Umm, I'm still waitin, to hear from you I-I think, maybe you're, maybe you're in the shower Do you, are you in the shower? Okay But I'm still, totally, I got some other stuff Uhh, but I'm, I am committed more to doing yours So, if you can let me know, today That'd, uhh, that'll be great, okay?! Just, just gimme a call! And fa-for the schnizzle For to do the rap pizzle And again I'm really sorry, about that other one The call... Meatwad sucks Okay, call me back dog! {*phone hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) f/ Cee-Lo Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Benzie Box Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Chorus: Cee-Lo] His name's, Doom They wonder just who is he But don't wor..ry, Believe me he'll get busy When it comes, to poetry he's got plenty La la lahhhhhh... la la la la lah [MF Doom] Jump 'em in like jump rope, double dutch Then turn on the mic with a thumb stroke, subtle touch Cuddle clutch, is this thing on? Like the fling with Mrs. King Kong, this spring gone? Sing a song of slaphappy crappiness He came to blow like it was strapped to his nappy chest Surely I jest, the best on a wireless mic Not an eye test, yet I di-gress But why stress? Try and remember when Maybe bit the tender skin-ned babysitter Gwendolyn The type to hit and run and go tell a friend Word to El Muerto cucaracha exoskeleton He know, flow like interstellar wind Tow a rap djinn by his toe into hell again {*ahem*} One two, check me too Loose wreck see through your gooseneck EQ [MF Doom] Aiy! If I may interject Rap these days is like a pain up in the neck Cornier and phonier than a play fight Take two of these and don't phone me on the late night ... the beat won't fail me With more rhymes than times he washed his hands and feet daily And all that kerosene ain't cheap Villain been deep since a teenage creep Peep - he always was a gentleman And kept the pen and a pencil in his mental den Right there next to where the Rolodex was Before it turned up all burnt by his solar plexus He don't know his own strength When he's on the bone it's like the microphone's length and width, ain't it funky like dingy socks? Feel the full effect off cassette in your Benzie Box The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) f/ Talib Kweli Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Old School Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Talib Kweli] One two three, in the place to be! MF Doom, Talib Kweli, ah here we go On born days, I used to blow out the candles; and every Saturday watch cartoons 'til noon and then I'd switch to Ralph McDaniels I was, makin up a miracle flow, over a cereal bowl And a paused beat from my stereo Rhymes stronger than Popeye with the spinach Yeah I'm gangster like the frog on Courageous Cat and Minute Mouse Maybe I'm trippin and it's just a cartoon to you But I got chills when I heard how Doom flipped the Scooby Doo And, I might be buggin but it seem to me that cartoons be realer than reality TV They inspire my decision to be open and listen But folks got it all twisted, like a yoga position Like, in order to spit it dope, you gotta have a criminal past that's similar to the cast of Different Strokes Me and my people break bread, sit and smoke The conversation rich, but that depend on what you consider broke I draw on anything for inspiration A fond memory, a piece of paper, walls in a train station [Chorus: Talib Kweli] It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that  (I'm old school y'all, yes y'all, I keep it goin y'all, here we go) It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that  (I'm old school y'all, keep it goin y'all, keep it goin y'all) It's just that I'm old school like that, roll that rap over soul loops like that  (Ah here we go, c'mon) [MF Doom] And we'll be right back after these messages Fellas grab your nutsacs, chicks squeeze your breastesses We ain't all that grown, it's still funny like Goin to the store on your own with rainbow money Since then had an insane flow sonny Walkin to the corner rhymin in the rain, nose runny Breakdancin maybe ten, bummy is when Subroc would run up handspring Arabian somee! Ooh wee, like a Hong Kong Phooey kick Or a weekend afternoon, karate movie flick Slept good, no justice, no peace Woody kept it hoody, never discussed it with police Shot the fair one nobody ran to get the gat Or felt they had to put it up in they raps to set it fat And since when lyrical skills had to do with killin a cat? What type of chitlins is that? The Super Villain as the bat, hide your tonic Whoever willin to ride, provide raw chronic [Talib] Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: A.T.H.F. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Meatwad] Danger Doom in the hizzy! Widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy widdy we We need food [Carl] Whare you doin there? [Meatwad] I'm rappin [Carl] Yeah... no, no I see that - what for? [Meatwad] Money - if you got it umm I wanna get some steady bitches and hoes And some candy for my nose Some diamond stones, to roll with my chrome and.. [Carl] Hey, genius. You even know what that means? [Meatwad] Uh-uh - what does it mean? [Carl] Where's the keyboards, and the tambourine, and the guitar And you know, I mean - the stuff that like, white people like [Meatwad] We had a piano [Carl] Somethin bad-ass, like uhh, I don't know Like uhh, REO Speedwagon or somethin [Meatwad] Hell yeah! [MF Doom] Aiyyo, I know this dude right Carl, he wore tight blue sweats but wasn't glued too tight All he had upstairs was a crude light You think that's weird? He lived next door to a food fight Howdy Danger, much obliged for the beat God Even though you still eat lard, by the Meatwad Mesquite charred, speakin of which or who Voice all squeaky like they tuned it up a pitch or two A cuhnk of burned up witch's brew, get your crew See if they can't get pat the stench of the stew It stank like a septic tank full of big poo He mostly only turned into a frank or a igloo Switch your view to the brother with the fried dreads Not to be confused with the incense selling thai heads His name rhymes with Mike-Cock You could call him livewire, eye sockets, Frylock Able to shoot electricity through his eyeballs And blast all through your single sided brick and drywall More interesting than professional wrestling When he's online, you can find him on Instant Pestering What's up with your boy? He's not a soft or hot drink Whoever don't like it could suck his straw, it's hot pink On some junk like Gucci on a classy ho Might splash you in the face with nuclear pistachio Make a fast break, or that'll be the last mistake that ass'll make is what you get for messin with Master Shake Look out, don't block the screen son, lunge across Tryin to watch [Adult Swim], "Aqua Teen Hunger Force!" Rock this cult hymn, sock your mean younger boss Psht - [Adult Swim], "Aqua Teen Hunger Force!" He often wondered, should he get the logo tatted to his woody? He could be "#1 in the hood, G!" Easily (*BEEP!!*} [Master Shake] Shake callin, he heh You know I wa-ahhhhhhaaaaeehh I'd just got off the phone with somebody else and uh that wasn't about you That was about me being upset about something else I shouldn't have called you but I did, cause I just I like you so much, I'm REALLY looking forward to us working together And just, as of now that I'm calm And after I've apologized profusely - probably too much I am available, call me doggie - woof! {*phone hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Basket Case Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Harvey Birdman] Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, we all lived through the 70's The clothes, the music, the heartwarming but rarely amusing Ziggy cartoons Now, later, who are we to look at these two, fine young men and say, "You there - I sit in judgment of you!" [MF Doom] For being a drunken lush, and bad as hell Read the charge and thunk, sunk in in a plush padded cell Temperpedic Craftmatic adjustable Go on try to stare at it, it's not that combustible I accidentally split some kerosene And dozed off with the L lit, doped up on thorazine Matter of fact, make mines a double Few could see the point like a line through the Hubble Doom hit the eye in the sky with a pie Shrink said he thinks he believe he could fly Spread his wings and flap like a goose He'll show you how to do it if you help him get the straps loose Diagnosed as shell shocked from totin toast And still could hear the bells rock Doc, another loading dose He claimed he couldn't take the racket Faked his own escape in a eightball straight jacket [Myron Reducto] Ladies and gentlemen of the jury This, animal, here; this ursine fellow UNCLEAN! He rejected society and retreated to a cave in the woods to plot his vile - NOD! [unknown quote] And it isn't true that at these times he often descends into a delusional state Sometimes actually adopting another person's persona? [MF Doom] I started punchin once I saw son lungin He had me put on punishment for eating the last Munchkin So now they got me down here near the dungeon Nurses all arguin' over who's to do the spongin He requested time off for bugged behavior And rhymed off of thug beats bumped by a neighbor Who spoke with his fist and kept a mirror with a thumbhole Cell twelve drumroll, ode to a gum sole A O.G. like a captain that's retired Rappers is space cadets yappin  be quiet And that's an order - ship your daughters to my quarters at once And don't sip the tap water dunce He is the super, a stranger who talks to you Maybe even offer tech support and walk you through Villain, man in the mask, spit in the face Show him where to go, inside a hand basket case [Myron Reducto] The defendant's confession! [Harvey Birdman] Uhh, nothing further [Mentok the Mindtaker] Mentok commands you to procede, with your case! [MF Doom] Just since some people, wear a mask Don't mean.. they.. did nothing automatically [Harvey Birdman] Now wait a second! Your Honor I'd respectfully like to have a word with you in chambers [MF Doom] I request an immediate dismissal, on the grounds... On grounds that... {*laughter is heard*} [Harvey Birdman] Your honor I... [MF Doom] Just as the mask, some people wear a mask Don't mean that they did something {*more laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: No Names Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Marco] Well, Debbie thinks this is all about her biological clock And I... [Stormy] She stopped screaming long enough to tell you that? [Marco] Huh? No no no no, no, the other Debbie Debbie the teacher? [Stormy] Oh, you mean... {*whispering*} Black Debbie [Sparks] Whoa whoa whoa whoa, why is she "Black" Debbie? [Stormy] No, not in a BAAAD way It's just to tell them apart because she's... black! [MF Doom] True, Doom rolled on through with a whole crew That stole on you for holding old brew, who told you? Even if it's crap, mind your own business They raps ain't got no gift like a lonely Christmas Real phony with beats that's hardly fresh How they manage to deal is anybody's guess Yours is as good as mine, she's sure fine From the hood where you squeeze your nine off the free cheese line All you saw was a {*edit*} do a bee's line to where she stood and sipped the Nehi Grape, the sweet kind Circle you, thicker by de-sign Be-hind swingin like bring it back, come rewind Uhh, excuse me boo She stuck out her tongue, it was purple number two FDA approved played it smoother than a doo rag What a brother gotta do to get a taste a some of you? Bagged, and he don't mean coach Then she saw the mask, acted like she seen a roach The mirror shine reflect colors like your CD's Show love to others, we all brothers like the Bee Gees All except the broads and you Hold your applause, they break God's laws and who pays? The taxpayer that's who Catch a rapper by his toe and smack off his tattoos That's gonna leave a bruise Leave 'em grievin blues like believin in evening news They must be eatin glue Heave it all back, and we even Steven Sue Sprinkle lyrics like seasoning beef stew and sneezin all in it after breathin in the flu Get a clue, his reasoning is askew As to all the feverin and heavin up goo Either that or... dude Leave your girl around this man whore and she's too screwed Just in case she's in a "what you wanna do" mood Bring your plate to the Metal Face and get your food chewed ... tastes like chicken He wastes no time like the bassline kickin in Or like a lace eye with you through thick and thin Raw humor, face pie to a frickin chin New York'n, a hell of a finer town Choose your words wisely from the Boogie Down to Chinatown Or be found with a hole in your designer gown In the role of public opinion it earned a minor frown If you think you're slick, you might could wish, but uhh As a few good men set sights to link with your chick You have to find a new hen fight to drink your liq' Ten years later, see how Enzyte'll shrink your... wallet As you wallow in a sorrow pit Cheers, is that your beer kid? Then swallow it or get chased by the Sandman, on some Apollo {shit} Flow so weird, his own peers couldn't follow it On the phone, he sounded like a real paid {"whoa whoa whoa"} Then we met in person, he was three shades blacker That's why he saved money over ball and chain dames We all the same, no callin names [Stormy] I'm as smart as him! [Quinn] What? I got Ph.D's in four scientific disciplines [Stormy] Really? [Quinn] Why do you think they call me Dr. Quinn? [Stormy] Um, I just thought that was a nickname You know, like Dr. Dre East-siiiiiiiide! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Crosshairs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [instrumental for the first 22 seconds] [MF Doom] The fat is in the fire, a fryer made of chicken wire Gettin sick and tired of a friggin liar Pelican, with some very soft mangoes A closet full of skeletons and terry cloth Kangols Flew the coop, before you hit it let me warn you She did a cool hula-hoop, but don't get any on you It's all a big scam, to make y'all eat pig ham When he's on the mic he's like the triggerman, fig jam Doom, not to be confused with nobody Especially, since the flows he used was so nutty Never too woozy to go study, crews got no clues Like old cruddy Officer McGillicuddy Watch your six, he got a lot of more tricks Lyrics, bricks, on sticks sure got raw-nytics It's a gift, don't get shot for kicks With the same slick used to plot sick vicks with Spotted at a chick flick, holdin hands The other one on his swollen glands, a golden chance That's why he kept them holes in his pants Rollin in a old van, is what he told his stolen fans Is that you true? Matched from hat to shoe Snafu, snatch any brew, LaBatt's Blue Black jew like that's new, patch me through No latch attached, skat shoo, catch twenty-two Super, he's loaded dice nice And overpriced, a arm and a leg; homey life or your ice Villain, nag a grieving old hag Snag a bragger by his mic cord and leave him holding the bag Come clean, a bunch of dumb mean cream puffs A keen drum machine buff, who fiends for more green stuff Instead of starvin there be problems by the goo gobs Aight - somebody's robbin Lou Dobbs and them tonight And he's on the next flight, moon bound And makes it a point to stay away from the goon pound Got some peers, that's gone in the lost years Tears and cheers, born in the crosshairs {*Thundercleese sings*} [Brak] Hey Mr. Thundercleese! What's that you were singing? [Thundercleese] It is the Robotic Hymn of Doom [Brak] Well I always say Nuttin livens up a Robotic Hymn of Doom better than AN AMAZING PAIR OF JUGS! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Mince Meat Typed by: jayrobinson83@mac.com {with help from liner notes} [MF Doom] The Villain ain't rhymin off cred alone Let him get some cognac, a mic and a headphone Smoke the mirrors, caught her in the mix Couldn't read the shorthand for mortars and bricks If any negative thought linger he let it vent Wrote this one with his middle finger in wet cement ... Did it on the sly Before he's gone bye bye spit it on the fly Brush your teeth, rinse and gargle A true nerd who messed with new words since Boggle ... And used slang in Scrabble Rhymed with a Northern drawl, twang and babble Flossy pen jargon to break the world record Do a Faustian bargain and tape the girl naked ... More spots than a leopard Then he had to stop, the block was hot peppered Shepherd, leading the sheeps out to slaughter Kept your soul and repped it, everytime he saw ya Tryin to douse a pinch of weed in a frat street house [Cartoon] (MF Doom) I'll make mince meat out of that (beat) mouse! [MF Doom] Welcome to the show Remember whatever you do, do not boo the flow Schooled the dumb on the number one rule of thumb What a fool; still you never met a cooler bum Give the drummer some rum, I'm sure he could use a shot Just to get his cues hot, ensure he don't lose his spot A stranger who speaks to you vocal Danger made the beat get a freak to do the bogle No bull, everything he wanted they grabbed and took Whole lab looked like an ill left jab and hook Even had a secretary to take the calls Shake it and make it fall, I told her don't break my balls Wherever Mouse go, trouble follows The bounty on this pro was mills and "double dollars" Vil's spills muddled flows that befuddle scholars Thick Buffalo girl with the bubble hollars She rocked leather and gold, a fat blouse And need a brother with soul to let her cat out Even if the rat couldn't compete with Kraus [Cartoon] (MF Doom) I'll make mince meat out of that (beat) mouse! [MF Doom] Tap ya toe, grime and strapped for dough Rap for show, to let the whippersnappers know Sucks to be them, now pass that loot Up under the tux he wore a hazmat suit Sounded like froggy, sip the groggiest of potions Be up in the party with the foggiest of notions On the list of lobbyists who save the oceans Gave his donation to the lady with the lotions Swoll hand itchin, the old man bitchin Switchin with the fan with the gold band twitchin Spittin like a bionic sneeze that freeze vodka Just to clear the air like the Ionic Breeze Quadra Sleek enough to outsly a fox for a chicken pot pie, thinkin outside the box ... Enough to taste her goody But got no time to be wastin chasin putty Out for Daffy Duck bucks, Porky Pig paper Bugs Bunny money or Sylvester Cat caper Offer DAT tape of rap, country or deep house And [Cartoon] (MF Doom) I'll make mince meat out of that (beat) mouse! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Vats of Urine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [Ignignokt] Behold y'all, the digital vats of urine  [Err] Drink up bitches! Taste our liquid gold [Ignignokt] Err, you must respect yourself [Ignignokt] Forst you wreck yourself  [Err] Hey man, you made a rhyme! [Ignignokt] Yes it is for I am a rap God, from beyond the moon [MF Doom] Everybody talkin 'bout pistols, gats is borin He came with a new topic to flip you, vats of urine All pro, check the stats, his style scorin While you at it, double check that Cristal you're pourin Born of the pleads that needs a P in geniuses Broads don't see it, since they don't got these, conveniences Thank God she's not a ho In the studio when you gotta go, you gotta go Before you flow, make sure you practice or you losin You don't wanna miss and let the cactus get to oozin If any contestant splash, he's disqualified Even if one drip should slide down the bottle side Put a bum in a even better pickle Reality show, how far would you go, to get a nickel? ... let alone a buck Listen by the window, you can hear him moanin - yuck! Remember, tomorrow is garbage day It's not the kind of stuff you want to save and harbor away Once it gets ripened and fermented It takes on a bouquet that I should say is naturally scented Tempted by a empty can of Guinness Or waitin until we get there, say two or three minutes Yeah, when it's fresh, it's sterile Some say digestible, even edible If you was stranded out to sea, alone and in trouble Survive dehyrdation, guzzle your own cup full Some day, you may even show your son how to use it to make potassium nitrate for gunpowder Funded by friends of ours who's generous Join us next time when we discuss disgusting enemas  [Err] He's like a rap God  [Err] He's like a big log, that you find in your toilet [Ignignokt] Fo' real!  [Err] Bow down and suck his knees! [Ignignokt] And I am about to kick it all up in here  [Err] Stand by for kicking! [Ignignokt] I am the kicker Err, not you [Ignignokt] You kick elsewhere  [Err] This sucks man, I'm bored [Ignignokt] Me too! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Space Ho's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * * the liner notes for this song are incredibly wrong and thus disregarded [Space Ghost] I don't believe this! I get rid of those two evil maniacs who try to ruin my show And I get two evil GUESTS who are trying to ruin my show [Zorak] FEH! Just who came up with the stupid idea of giving Space Ghost a talk show in the first place? [MF Doom] How they gave his own show to Tad Ghostal Any given second he could go mad postal Stay wavin that power band space cannon And have the nerve to jump in the face, of Race Bannon Punked out; luckily he deaded it And guess who's the schmuck whose credited with editing it? Your man Moltar, the cop out Ain't have no other career choice, he dropped out Since when the Way-Outs included Zorak Way back he used to rub his thorax in Borax {*Zorak laughs*} I'm not the one that sold him to it If he won't admit it, I'm not gonna hold him to it It's all love and no hate though For all that, the Villain need to get his own late show Do a monologue and jest with the guests Madlib, switch the beat and walk him to the desk With Danger holding down the control room Late again returning from commercial - I told you Doom! Early, he's on B.P.T. Catch him on public access free TV And we're back, live on the air with Brak {"Hey!"} So Brak, how your man got a show that's so whack? {"What?"} Have you ever thought to work with Err and Ignignokt an' them? {*Err laughs*} And do you got enough oxygen from this toxic phlegm? Another sec', his neck woulda got flames Mouse switched the screen to some hot dames Tonight's audience will receive miscreant video games And fifteen seconds of fame - pitiful lames! It's just a shame; I'm zonin Competin for the same prime time slot as Conan No dummy, Ichigawa Announcement free lunch to any stunt who lets me plow her in the shower for an hour, the kids 'sposed to be asleep Or else to join it sound like Road Runner - BEEP BEEP! Later this week - Big Ben Klingon After him there's no one else we could afford to bring on ... Keep it ghetto And let 'em know, B.Y.O.B. from the get go [*ahem*] I'd like to propose a toast To the grossest host, Space Ho's Coast to Coast That destructo ray's a played out gag And the cape and the pants suit, lookin like a straight out... Dag! Don't mean to sound crunchy Hit a honey from the back and crumpled up her scrunchie A light snack, hungry munchie Felt a funny hunch that she told him donkey punch me Tomorrow it's Father Guido Sarducci Father MC, and Charo "Coochie Coochie" With her new best seller, "Who You Call a Hoochie?" A proud sponsor of the snoochie boochie noochies Look Leela eyeball to eyeballs And find out how to get inside them sugar pie walls Our next guest a real cutey specimen And she's startin to get a little booty, Miss Judy Jetson So Judy; boxers, briefs or fig leaf? As you know I wear my boxers so my big... Cue the rapper tell him bring what little he got Up against the Villy, it's really not diddly-squat Until they head hurts - when it come to wreck Crews is like them dudes in red shirts off Star Trek He Kirk, he Spock, he McCoy Been b-boy, since you jerks first squeezed toys Born to be the host with the most When it's on it's on, Space Ho's Coast to Coast [Space Ghost] You think I'm just gonna hand over my show to you Doom? Have you lost your {fucking} mind? Listen; I'm not gonna hand my show over to you You know why? Because, it's my show Mine, not yours - Space Ghost It ain't "Doom Coast to Coast" Yeah, yeah sure, here are the keys to the show Why don't you drive for a while? Yeah America's cravin some Doom, here you go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Bada Bing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} [MF Doom] Not a lot of bling When he do the thing, bada boom, bada bing From the womb to the tomb Get that ricotta, bada bing, bada boom Doom, your reputation precedes you Wail 'til you crack and see what "weed" do, you dweeb you No pun intended, takes one to know one, will know - it's unscented Yo son, demented when them sent it from the other time Before everybody and they mother rhyme What a crime - beats is the same way Make 'em wanna hit the streets with the heat for a lame's pay Game day, flag on the play, improper helmet Drag on the suede from the gem drop of well spit He didn't listen, titty kissin the city glistened Depending on what from what position you're sittin In the pissy wind, is this thing whistlin? Who let the spinnin whisperin djinn in? The Villain again? Without a doubt That's his name, don't play it out Or spray it, when you say it out your mouth Then gave him a cold shoulder for a hour And told him take a gold shower, for fakin funk, soul power ... stocky, short and cocky Looked like Apollo Creed after he fought with Rocky Rhymed in a broken english slang, not cockney Thirteen, his first queen wore hot knock knees Had to tell her pops, yo stop cockblockin B Hold somethin for your daily yay habit Then go, bada-bing-bing-bing like ricochet rabbit How 'bout the sicko say stab it? There's liquor in the cabinet and a slicker for the crafted And Heineken, I told him much obliged friend What I gotta spend, if I only touch her thighs then? ... why his eyes widened He didn't know your man had a nice surprise hidin Took pride in ridin in a sly wiseguy grin ... real recognize real On the microphone, the wheels are mechanized steel Please, at least respect your ideals How you got her walkin along the stroll in high heels? He said her mamma was gettin old God bless her poor soul, now no more drama is your role Straight to the head He know a lot of haters can't wait 'til he dead Lead to go, like a ho, to a strange whack housewife Only thing he know will change his back do', how trife Rules is rules, don't go there Stay on sale like a old coat made of mohair Keep a snotty chicken on E, the Lone Ranger Why everybody always pickin on Danger? ... and Doom, maybe it's him Called up my lady, told her baby it's slim Make me up a margarita I need to take a swim Tell them kids remember school - if they let 'em out, cool But get the hell from out the pool (*BEEP!!*} [Master Shake] Hey {shithead}, it's me again! And you know what? I just heard, IT'S ALL DONE NOW! And somehow, I guess you must have lost my number You know what?! YOU SUCK! YOU SUCK! YOUR MUSIC SUCKS! AND I HATE YOUR SUCKY STUPID METAL FACE! I hope you BURN, you're going DOWN This is the last big mistake, you'll ever make YOU SUCK!!! I HATE YOUR GUTS! ... But, if there is another project in the future please keep me in mind Thank you {*phone hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: The Mouse and the Mask Song: Beef Rap * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {with help from liner notes} * bonus track hidden after "Bada Bing" [Meatwad] Beef rap, could lead to gettin teeth capped Or even a wreath, for Mom Dukes on so-some grief crap I suggest you change your diet It could lead to high blood pressure, if you fry it Or even a stroke, heart attack, heart disease It ain't no startin back once arteries starts to squeeze Take a easy way out phony, until then They know they wouldn't be takin that bologna in the bullpen So disgustin, pardon self as I discuss this They talk a wealth of {shit} and that they ain't never seen the justice Wait that was off the beat - BUST THIS Like a cool milk from out the toilet Two batteries, some Brillo and some foil, he'll boil it He be better off on PC glued And it's a feud, so don't be in no TV mood Each week, it's mystery meat - seaweed stewed Food - we need food Cause I can't, stop that pimpin any more I forgot out where I started, pimpin fool [Carl] There you go, yeah! That's good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: Occult Hymn EP Song: El Chupa Nibre Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] Two two One two, two two ("Uh-uh, uh-uh") One one ("Y'all ain't gon' cut my front but") ("'Less I get one of them, sport") ("Sport radio thangs with the earbuds") The super flow more stupider than Richard Pryor Combine with Bazooka Joe jokes, to spit fire Eat MC's like El Chupa Nibre Except for when I defeat and knock they beat off eBay Danger in the street, shootin at a DJ Doom countin chickens like the Colonel on D-Day "We 'bout to fry, so burn 'em all" he say Villain gettin paid off the same joint three ways ... You rang? "Can you spare some sugar?" By his right ear was a smear and a booger Pour my coffee, he replied "Of coursely" Still chewin the mask whispered "Eww get off me" His money chunk he couldn't spare a thin dime Once was in a rhyme crew - monkies into crime What happened? He coulda went platinum Then he discovered the secret plan they had to gat him ... It wasn't hard to find the file to pull They had they differences, all irreconcilable And that's a pile of bull - they're bad That's why they don't tell no tales, don't wear plaid His upper lip and dome stayed stiff I made him try to riff over a homemade gift A statue with overfoam chrome sprayed Kif With a handwritten signature from dude who played Biff The Simpsons, but "Back to the Future Part II" And leave it up to you, to choose who When he cruise through, he know how you foolsies do Get him catch him dreamin and you creep him like a Suzie Q He said "{Fuck you, bitch} you don't know me Watch I bring the truck through, switch like you owe me" If you in luck, I get richer off you, blow me Dumile got her like Inuyasha got Kagome Well, now what do we got here Miscommunication, can lead to hot beer Although he's not here, his agenda was clear Clearly a big spender, who wears a lot of gear Doom the Great, no low self-esteem Got to go get the wealth growin green gleam He make it seem mean as a pre-teen choir head Sire said, the first time he seen Firehead The squire, what about Barbera? Closer than it seems like in the car mirror Dancers turn gangsta, what be surely wilder His student was a cell buddy, name of Early Cuyler [Squidbillies] WHERE'S MY DAMN CHICKEN?! [Sheriff] Damn! Well y'know that boy can PERM! How much do I owe ya? {*phone hangs up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: Occult Hymn EP Song: Perfect Hair II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Baby's got a 12-pack!" [Sherman the Giraffe] How's about we go back to the Bay Area and get some crabs? [Young Man, "King of All Animals"] Let's see how the judges react... judges? {*silence*} Come on judges, react! [MF Doom] ... The forest is very misty And help to provide for the switching sides of Terry or Twisty Or, Model Robot, who got more grease Sherman stinks so put some hot sauce on your niece (or what?) Or Nephew, I hope he got a 12 for his sake Made a wrong term into a hole, hell of a mistake Animals in the car had made a piss lake Must of interferred with the wiring on the disc brakes (Yeah) It makes for good bar time rec talk Shoulda used the hamburger necklace from off his neck stalk From South Africa to Applachi Cola Bump into the wrong batch of snatch, catch the ebola ("Does what have what?") Beefin with Norman Douglas Waitin until he catch him in the street, roamin thugless And Rod, the self-proclaimed anime God By the way could sure use a can of Bay scrod Sherman eats seeds like humans eat veal He means real human seeds, not no bloomin wheat meal That man in the cat suit can sure hold a gat Think he work for that dude, "The Evil Controller of Cats" A ceasefire was negotiated under the gun between General Meow and Commander Bun He thought it was the hand, it was the joke what stunk [Brenda] I was, too drunk! I woke up drunk, weren't you? [Gerald] Ha, I'm too young to drink! {*bear roars*} [Young Man, "King of All Animals"] {*baby cries*} Augh First I get trapped in a hole with smelly animals who bicker Then my hand is severed Now I have to care for a drunk baby! [Sherman the Giraffe] W-w-w-we can eat that [MF Doom] If the new shoes fit better than the old ones, rock 'em black [Catman] I'm gonna pick up some cold ones and knock 'em back {*crowd laughs and applauds*} {*Williams Street "Skull" sound effect*} {*beat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: Occult Hymn EP Song: Korn Dogs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] One one Two two, two To get the dough, the Villain'll flow off of Stella D'oro and water go off the head for the slaugter you bet your daughter That liquor only gets you sick quicker Take it from a honorary member, of Spitkicker I know it's hot up in that suit with the curly 'fro I'd rather write all night until the early show We don't suggest you let your girly go alone Come home all glowin with the the pearly glow It was the super, a.k.a. super sperm Hit her in the chin, told her rub it in like lubriderm Finished, oh let spaz go next Who's fault is it if her face taste like Vasiplex ... It ain't funny Ever since a young'un sonny, take the money His first business made each day a grand His only comp, shorty with the spiked lemonade stand That's how he ran his hustle He came with a plan that took least amount of muscle Two for one, dime frogs for the lickin And all you can eat, "Corn dogs for the pickin" ... A seemingly modest fellow With a DJ's ear and graffiti artist's elbow Nose of a Mouse and the brain of two weasels Discovered a name and new strain of the measles He say you accidentally caught it In sole circles and dots to those who could afford it Once you squeezed his face through the gate and got stuck, too much fake soy-based cheese product Did a scheme and was in it for the Aspercreme Slashed your team, let's see who can make Casper scream Down to the last marine See him as your cable man, sizin up your plasma screen Instead of doin the jux with pistols Or workin in the back, cookin sacks of crystals Or runnin on logs out in deep water kickin "Corn dogs for the pickin" Whattup to all you dedicated dads As stated, rap sucks Tux medicated pads And these rappers need to gather their belongings Or get wrapped up in they extra long thong strings For singin the wrong things Ain't no delayin, you playin with the Pong king A nerd with insight and a Urkel smirk Purposefully misplaced an invite to your circle jerk ... A bunch of men in cyphers Fake you out tough guys and make pretend lifers It's still a few loose screws in his face Turn away as he pulled a phrase out his usual place ... Combination jewel case Almost popped open if it wasn't for the cruel space Critics talkin slick chicken shit to sick men "Corn dogs for the pickin" Danger Doom [skit from 12 Oz. Mouse] Sometimes all the capitals They don't know if you're yellin at me or not (Damn) Well not yet Mouse, whatever You a mouse or uh.. (or what?) Or hell I don't know, just thought you were a mouse or somethin I mean you look like a damn mouse... THE mouse (maybe) (Who are you?) I'm the freakin corn dog king! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: Occult Hymn EP Song: Sofa King Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [BillyWitchDoctor.com] Please, read from sheets I am... [Aqua Teens + Carl] I am... [BWD] Sofa, King... [ATF] Sofa King [MF Doom] Scared of a bunch of water, then get out the rain Order a rapper for lunch and spit out the chain Then kick a lungee of the tip of his Timbo And trick a honey dip into a game of of strip limbo Odd - he couldn't find no remorse A wink is as good as a nod to a blind horse Of course his technique was from a divine source Never new the price of ice, or what swine cost One guy tried to bite the heat That's when he discovered the other other white meat Ohhhh! The one they hate so well He sure keeps it pyscho like the old Bates Motel They came to ask him for at least some new tracks But only got confronted by the beast with two backs Knock - Mouse is a made man Villain laid it down like the best laid plan Belle the Cat, who the hell is that near the middle Got y'all but it's not all beer and Skittles Prepare the vittles, got riddles and spittles Crystal clear to the jock, or the tittle Sssst! It's hot off the griddle Came to take the cake whether it's a lot, or a little Kaboom; Doom is nervous large You could tell by his blooming room service charge ... Dark and tall to boot The only thing was wrong was he was bald as a klute Used to rent a van from Peter Pan, the red and tan And keep the human foot for his dead man's hand This was when the mask was brand spankin new Before it got rusted, from drankin all the brew {*sniffing*} Stankin too, pew Kept all his earnings in the bank and his shoe Spat what he knew, energy for true To all fake rappers, twenty-three skidoo Excuse you, any room in the class front? For a blast of the blunt, shroomin since last month Doom a human in the Mask, born to stunt Danger zoomin past mad fast on the hunt Keep your streets, we got the city neatly conquered Discretely with the CD 'til they be completely bonkered The fans demanded it, handled it, swallow it His own brand of {shit}, if only he could bottle it Hmm... nah she could get messy The feds tried to tortuee him for the secret recipe He said it's no use, I only know half No speaka de english, I only do the math ... BZZT! Felt no pain His brain was saturated with cocaine and Rogaine He said - try scan, no thing, three-card dead Fly man go for bling, he got bled I jam over sting, see spots red I am "Sofa King, We Todd Ed" [ATF] We, Todd, Ed [BWD] Now repeat all, very fast please [ATF] I am, Sofa King [BWD] Faster [ATF] I am Sofa King We Todd Ed [BWD] No no, not so fast, loses meaning [ATF] I am so {fucking} retarded [BWD] Hohohohohoho, you say, funny thing! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danger Doom (Danger Mouse and MF Doom) Album: Occult Hymn EP Song: Space Ho's (Madlib Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Every space man knows you just gotta have Space Ho's Every space girls know it You get a big delight, in every bite Delicious, cream-filled, Space Ho's, taste out of this world With luscious creamy inside, soft cake outside You get a big delight, in every bite Yup, smart space men always have plenty of good Ho's Whever they go, Ho's! [MF Doom] How they gave his own show to Tad Ghostal Any given second he could go mad postal Stay wavin that power band space cannon And have the nerve to jump in the face, of Race Bannon And punked out; luckily he deaded it And guess who's the schmuck whose credited with editing it? Your man Moltar, the cop out Ain't have no other career choice, he dropped out Since when the Way-Outs included Zorak Way back he used to rub his thorax in Borax I'm not the one that sold him to it If he won't admit it, I'm not gonna hold him to it It's all love and no hate though For all that, the Villain need to get his own late show Do a monologue and jest with the guests Madlib, switch the beat and walk him to the desk With Danger holding down the control room Late again returning from commercial - I told you Doom! Early, he's on B.P.T. Catch him on public access free TV And we're back, live on the air with Brak So Brak, how your man got a show that's so whack? And have you ever thought to work with Err and Ignignokt an' them? And do you got enough oxygen from this toxic phlegm? Another sec', his neck woulda got flames Mouse switched the screen to some hot dames Tonight's audience will receive miscreant video games And fifteen seconds of fame - pitiful lames! It's just a shame; I'm zonin Competin for the same prime time slot as Conan No dummy, Ichigawa Announcement free lunch to any stunt who lets me plow her in the shower for an hour, the kids 'sposed to be asleep Or else to join it sound like Road Runner - BEEP BEEP! Later this week - Big Ben Klingon After him there's no one else we could afford to bring on Keep it ghetto And let 'em know, B.Y.O.B. from the get go [*ahem*] I'd like to propose a toast To the grossest host, Space Ho's Coast to Coast That destructo ray's a played out gag And the cape and the pants suit, lookin like a straight out... Dag! Don't mean to sound crunchy Hit a honey from the back and crumpled up her scrunchie A light snack, hungry munchie Felt a funny hunch that she told him donkey punch me Tomorrow it's Father Guido Sarducci Father MC, and Charo "Coochie Coochie" With her new best seller, "Who You Call a Hoochie?" A proud sponsor of the snoochie boochie noochies Look Leela eyeball to eyeballs And find out how to get inside them sugar pie walls Our next guest a real cutey specimen And she's startin to get a little booty, Miss Judy Jetson So Judy; boxers, briefs or fig leaf? As you know I wear my boxers so my big... ohh! Cue the rapper tell him bring what little he got Up against the Villy, it's really not diddly-squat Until they head hurts - when it come to wreck Crews is like them dudes in red shirts off Star Trek He Kirk, he Spock, he McCoy Been b-boy, since you jerks first squeezed toys Born to be the host with the most When it's on it's on, Space Ho's Coast to Coast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Gazillion Ear Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Doom] Villain man never ran with krills in his hand and Won't stop rockin' til he clocked in a gazillion grand Tillin' the wasteland sands Raps on backs of treasure maps stacks to the ceiling fan He rest when he's ashes Ask 'em after ten miles of his goulashes, smashes stashes Chip on his shoulder with a slip on holster A clip, a folder and his grip on a boulder bolster They supposed ta know, it show when his aura glow Get from out the row, when he get dough it's horrible Time is money spend way save invest the fess From ten case of cave with chicken chest S Yes ya'll the dub will get your trickles The best ballers pitch in to rub and get a nickels But tut tut, he about to change the price again It go up each time, he blow up like hydrogen (Villain!) Villain here, have em shrillin' in fear And won't stop top illin' til he a gazillionaire Grillin' stare, yeah ya boy had drama Got em on a mental plane, avoided bad karma Once sold a inbred skinhead a nigga joke Plus a brand new chrome smokin' with the triggers broke I thought I told em "Firing pins was separate" He find out later when he tries to go an rep it Took a Jehovah money for a Arabic Torah Charged an advance to translate it and ignored it, sorta One monkey don't stop no slaughter A junkie want ta cop a quarter ton, run for the border Know the drill, it ain't worth the overkill Flow skill, still there's no thrill Villa bill ya ten K bills in his pilla Villa, when it gets realer, split the skrilla with... Dilla, (Dilla) mix, mix, mix Do a deal for kicks and get rich quick Sketch lyric, bet 'cha by the nick on some vic Ick from the drumstick, come with the dumb shtick Sick slick, hidden in a book The only way they find it if you're spittin' in a hook Listen, don't look now, keep walkin' Traded three beans for this cow, cheap talkin' Hawk men stalkin' hear that we hawkin' often Coughing to a coffin, might as well scoff the pork then He's like Warf, some say stronger though Off the top J strong bow, play along bro Wear a mask like yo off the Gong Show Flow slow as Mongo, Don Juan thong pro For ya info when he's not practicing Jim Crow A actress and some nympho bimbo He's playin' Ray Jay the old tape DOOM - well what can I say like JJ in a gold cape Fill it to the rim like brim Villain and ya won't find him in no gym Probably a foggy bog with the frogs With a dot on the guard as he squat on a log Half cocked and half baked Used to keep a full stock of work half rocked and half shake My mistake, sign a track agreement For more G's than lines and cracks in the cement In any event it's fake like wrestling Get em like Jake The Snake on mescalines Ahem, elixir for the dry throat Tried to hit the high note, Villain since a itsy bitsy zygote By remote, send in the meat wagon Braggin' MC's packed in with they feets draggin' These stats are staggerin' Had his PHD in indiscreet street hagglin' Villain, his agenda is clear Endin' this year with dividends to spare, here It's not meant for the seein' Went through the celing after entering his center being A new meanin' to sales through the roof Guaranteed raw and saw his truth was truth, proof It's the return of the tramp Who do a duet jam when +Earnest Goes To Camp+ For the right earn - na'mean like Vern We need some more oil for the machines to burn, learn Jiminy crickets He gets lucky like winnin' free tickets off sickly lyrics One man's waste is another man's soap Sons fan base know the brotha man's dope A real weirdo with a bug rare flow And the way his hair grow was ugly as a scarecrow He wears a mask so the charge won't grab On a rooftop with a large stone slab Heads up, talk white and thought niggerish Refuse to walk tight and got his off the vigorous Black licorice and equally as yucky How he handled the money was strictly Dan Stuckie Monkey hustle, man on fire Later for the date than the Hadron Collider And cost more, it be singin' like a style Doom leave the competition steamin' like a pile Smile, ding! Sparkling jewels In effect like alternate side of the street parkin' rules Fools, the roach was never dead Live for a week, then dehydrate with a severed head Instead it was depicted as flicked in Split the wig, slit (Can you dig it?) "We have got to try and find Doom!" "Good luck!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Ballskin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Doom] HMMMM The flow was to' in precision as an afro trim All big letters but isn't no acronym Smack the thin grin off a tin for crack smokin DDT the first bar, leave this track back broken Chrome grown man doin business with anglo-sax'n'them Lackin swing but that banjo's so relaxin As the wax spin, hackin axes in the wind Pretend it's just a pen; see if you can pencil 'em in Tense, mention men of honor fenced in Census is tens, the wheels fall off then it's the end Don't get keelhauled in Villain always been, feel real genuine ballskin Not to call the whole crowd out It's just a few chumps, and you know who you are like a shoutout Place 'em in your loud mouth and taste 'em like a pastry Waste of space face hastily bow out gracefully Disappear, reappear and disappear again Villain knot his hair, he's no afro-american If that's the case he be a bald-headed African Takin all the credit and jetted, astro travellin Turn a man into a mannequin for AFLAC'n And bein tough actin Tinactin bluff jackin He wears a mask so any dog's his face Each and every race, could absord the bass in the place to be, don't believe the hyperbole It's like a murder spree, get sniped verbally Or beat in the head with lead pipe languages For street cred leave him for dead in anguishments The slang suggest it was a guy in the glasses Who came to help the people with they minds and they asses You set trip and get a grip like Spalding These walls is thin, feel genuine ballskin {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (MF Doom f/) Raekwon Album: Born Like This Song: Yessir! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Live! In stereo [Raekwon] Yessir! This what I wanna hear my nigga, yeah Yeah yeah You don't even know that's the official word up in the town You heard? Ha ha ha Get that swing, yessir! Get it in man That's the official shit kid, mmhmm Word up, we gon' take it back to the big park 'n shit Yeah, when niggaz was rhymin hard and comin crazy Electrifyin and vivid, yo I'm like a rabbi, fresh new mag and I'm mad high Stolen black Jag I brag fly, yeah Yo a project thug, political gangster, starvin links The huge Jews want the crib when the God dies I'm deadly, metaphors'll dog you while I'm in the Forbes First 500 niggaz who raw live Yo B, the nigga Shallah, he low-key But he O.G., half of his niggaz gone or in hidin Federados'll sneak, police, holdin my old piece Heard the young policeman died 58 carats of glass, the Aston Blueberry black where I keep my ices and knives at One of the force rawest, yo we're British aware Who get money shoot dice in his fortress Mocknecks and stragglers, eightball jackets the hagglers of the rap game, post up surprise I want that spot, coolin with the Supervillain team All you other playboys is twats Niggaz be down for the murder game Run in the church, grab the rifle, put one in a nigga frame I'm thirsty, hungry like a Samoalian Polly with them niggaz with the waves in they dome like tsunami All we do is get fresh and fuck ma Probably yo' baby ma gave me head in Barney's while I calmly And I got giants in armies While we rock mean colored clothes and don divas Yeah Chef back, some call him Louis Smith Slash Lex Diamond and his chick sell crack We rep bananas, beat this, legend of Stan Smith 700 dollar jeans, keepin your man distance Yeah son, gimme your ear son Yo yo yo, yo yo get the fuck away from the ropes man [Outro] {*beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep*} Doom, the warning signal again Somebody approaches! What matter of creatures are these? There they are again, FIRE! "A gunshot from inside the house, forces a change of plans" {*monster roaring*} "A straightforward entry, has turned into what appears to be" "A barricaded standoff" "POLICE DEPARTMENT! COME TO THE FRONT DOOR!"  "Anything you say, cracker" As the funky beat continues... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Absolutely Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Things take a turn for the worse"  "Send him back where he came from" "We got shots fired down the street" [Doom] Ba-di-yahhhh... "Alright, steady" Ba-di-yah, ba-di-yah Absolute power corrupts absolutely If they get the Villain surrounded {*AHEM*} Good to the last drop nigga Hood 'til the last pop them bigot-ass piglets Go for the bosses, dicks or higher Beatwalker still get caught up in the crossfire Get at the sarge, he give the orders The rest of them punks'll quit the force or get slaughtered Use stealth, play alleys, jet We'd rather not alert them gnomes and federales, yet Keep the local random cases in each state Escape to the beaches for the season and be straight You on call, keep your Nikes on tight, no white Anybody tell get lighted on sight The ringer's on a need-to-know basis No persons, places, things and no faces Get bagged, you're on your own, act it alone Back home your fam'll be provided for while you're gone It's a price on all snitches If you nice bring back eyes fingers toes and pictures Send copies to those who singin the blues Mothers and fathers who's unjustly accused Our species is in danger Wear gloves and strike in a city where you a stranger That'll let them fools know And send them a message, let them P.O.W.'s go Absolute power corrupts absolutely Now you have your orders, do your duty A new way to let the shot spray A few drops a day, double expresso, D.A. latte No smell nor taste, hardly traceable Wait to waste a prosecutor, maybe get the case pulled Learn 'em a lesson for givin bros mad stressings A long list of C.O.'s names and addresses A fake judge for many years on the bench Who sent some good cats to the chair, who erred in the trench They say her tongue was teared out, smeared and drench The whole system scared in doubt in a fear stench And she was tortured, some say post mortem The suspect took his own life before they caught him It's real spooky like a real trife movie Remember the part where Terminator killed Tookie Absolute power corrupts absolutely If they get the Villain surrounded, son this year Shed blood, some'll be shooken Just look with they head in the mud, red flood "Villain" [Outro] One of the things we ran into the unknown We we couldn't get at the door pulled as quick as we wanted to And once we did, finally pull the door and breach the interior door There's a man trapped inside of it Basically that man trap is a cage 'Fore we run in, we're stuck in there and they can shoot us While we're just, we're stuck in a cage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Rap Ambush Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] So we're gonna stand on perimeter We did have some shots fired right down the street on us while this was goin on, so we gotta set up a tight perimeter We got the streets blocked off to make sure we don't have any drivebys on us Other than that, the operation went, fairly well... [Doom] Who told you that? Rolled through, BRRRAT Old to the new knows who hold the hat Custom tailored fitted, head stayed same size Big since first born, well spree to game wise Same guys, same disguise, sick aim eye stare A thick dame thighs, click claim prize And the lucky contestant was sent a whole year's supply of buckets of yucky excrement Digital format, provide the ROM Riot calm, flow was like a roadside bomb Flipped the Humvee, impact was limb-numbing Cameraman wig back, gunner screaming INCOMING RPG, rhyme propelled grenade Time to yell, scramble for cover in the shade Bright as the midday sun, then it fade Darkness come quick, some run and get sprayed Rot dead, hot lead, it's rainin Left 'em with they brains kicked in with they trainin Dragged the remains into the open by the bootstraps Dogtag attached to explosive human booby traps Where's air support, ears ringin, mortars whistlin Bloodshot vision after thought abort mission Too little too late, as the last man gushed Took no prisoners mushed, rap ambush {MURDALIZING SUCKER EMCEES~!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Lightworks Typed by: Jano342000@hotmail.com [Intro]  What is the magic the makes ones eyes sparkle and gleam light up the skies the name of the game is lightworks I see you're peein' in you pants little sissy boy [DOOM] Jerks... welcome to the Octagon Lay a player flat before the trainer felt his clock was on Keep your socks torn, its a box-a-thon With hard rock, black, Rock & Ron's gon' barbizon Curled up beggin, layin on the canvas Instead of in the ready position like praying mantis Scissors, Lanvis, grand fist, sandwich, stan switch  Slammed on stitches switch hands inch, damn snitch Any street corner could be the platform till we defeat gone and wander Watch your mouth jaw southpaw outs floor  Doubt your clout more bout roar outscore boy Off the leash like UFC  Off the beat off ya feet like two lefties F U B's heifer please lost a few to stew beef  New referees, what a remarkable team sold ya teeth The shine that sparkles and gleams light up the signs the name of the game is the lightworks Light up the spliffs the name of the game is lightworks Wipe off slight smirks The match was mapped out  Get jabbed and crap slapped out tapped out Either the lunch bin or choke hold tie  Time munchkins get punched in like vocal rhyme The shine that sparkles and gleams light up the signs the name of the game is the lightworks Light up the spliffs the name of the game is lightworks [Outro] The right hurts The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Batty-Boys Typed by: Jano342000@hotmail.com [Intro] If you were waiting for a parade there ain't none Sharpen up your spirit of adventure the fabulous gay way Hey what's the big idea? (Gay!) I have no ideas, in fact I'm quite bewildered Now don't get gay with me (Gay!) Sir I'm far from gay Now listen, Keep your shirt on Grown man in a rubber suit running around with a young boy (Homo!) [DOOM] Oh shoot get a load of that fruit In thigh high boots, red tighty whiteys and blue catsuit (Holy homos!) Even the rats know its tacky  If you ever see me slippin' like that bitch just smack me Posin' chest and legs open couldn't stand worse All was missin' was a bandanna and a man purse Cryin' dyin' laughin' till glands burst  Faster than a speeding blast, bleeding ass land first Fixin' baby hair messed up wave your curl  Under the cape the back of the S say baby girl The things some people'll do for fame Its a herb, its a lame, its a god damn shame Villain willin' when them cold streets call You can keep your hero and hold the meat balls Worthy title lock it with pockets on empty  He work harder than a steam engine like John Henry Turn dirt to dolla's like Don Henley Ugly and still get holla's like Ron Jeremy at least monetarily Terribly MC's need therapy it's like a fairy spree Hit em' wit a kryptonite prick (Kryptonite!)  Children come and prick is dead, body wit a stick Wrote this lyric from in the bed wit' a chick  She had the tightest grip around the head of my... [Snippets of a conversation #1] Man 1: How much money you got?  Man 2: I ain't got but 4 dollars on me,  Man 1: Damn Man 2: Anyway I done got this whole cock for ya Man 1: Shit you must be some kinda faggot man my partner a faggot, why don't you come on out here man Man 2: What the hell! [Doom]  "Bic" now can I get my pen back  Got no enemy, got no friend black With the green goblin got the batcave robbed Bust in Batman head bobbin, slobbin Robin's knob (This is a stick up!) Yall already got you belts on the floor so  Kick them shits over here and click off the porno Alfred come home and found them both naked (Master Bruce!)  Handcuff to each other (Huh!) just as he had suspected (Sorry Alfred!) Red and chrome batmobile wheelin and dealin  Aquaman sleepin with the fishes for real for squealin' Pssst! the low low, on a seal skin blazer It's just a little graze from a laser thin razor Amazed at these so called wannabe players,  showin off they tit balls to all the free gay'ers It's like a leotard fest How it got started is any retards guess Regardless thats they choice no hate to bake Becomes a problem when he try attempt to go straight And raise the monster rate in the whole population  Its starting to effect the super pimpin occupation Now who's the hater headline the newspaper Fate of a fake you out caped crusader Tied to the tracks make a damn tram derail  Rap is like a scam, spam nigerian email  The man with no beard is more weirder than a shemale  Sucka got bagged on a temazepam street sale Told on one of ours shut it up yeah doubt  Did it like the dirty draws wet 'em up and air it out [Snippets of a conversation #2] Man 1: I got myself a nice cock Man 2: What? Man 1: Listen you got any money? Man 2: Man you goin crazy! What the hell for? Man 1: 4 Dollars only Man 2: Damn! [Outro] Batman's gay, Batty-Boys The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ Ghostface Killah Album: Born Like This Song: Angelz Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Ghostface Killah] Yeah That's right, it's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither This is real shit This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all No doubt, seven o'clock Fantasy Island This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn man" This is Toney's Angels Aiyyo, it was three white bitches who worked for Tony Starks Undercover agents, far beyond NARC's Amazed by their beauty marks Wonder Woman bracelets, knee-high boots that was made by Clarks My dick got hard on how they spoke and shit Every language was music to the kid as if I was modern day King Midas Doreen, Skye and Kelly, Starky's Angels - Shaolin's Finest Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn Plus I played the whip real low cause my face was woofin' My angels jetted out of Albee Square, gun out, wrap in they hair Kind of crowded so they clapped in the air Chase a nigga down block for block, squeezing Glocks These mammies real anxious to blow off his top He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar The more they ran the more they skirts got dirtier Sending shots like check day, FedEx expressway BOOM BOW BING! You heard the gunplay "Who shot the duck out the window?" Mr. Lee said "Three pay now, you fucking weed head!" We can stop the fire, the suspect, he's dead Then I pulled up "Come on girls to Club Med" [MF Doom] Stay tuned for the conclusion, Three's Company Family jewels Two brown sisters assisted the Villain Doom He woked up, stoked like they was still in his room Freed his right arm and leg, it was more like a sweep Released his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet Staggering except for the socks and mask, naked Threw on the boxers, searching for the trio Checking for the keys, to go, a robbery expected Yet nothing obvious was missing Recollected now why Hollywood hotties stepped into Giuseppe Zanotti's Personal nurses, Chanel purses, CLK shotty Chasing Patrice with Thai iced teas She drive wild nice to Veggie Fried Rice Spicy Told them both "I don't feel so well, my belly" "Spin me down Melrose, drive me to the telly" "Y'all go head and get the dutches, be back, copy" Feeling woozy, no Uzi, who's he see in the lobby? (Peace) Peace, pizza man (change a hundred) stopped and looked Nah whoops, left the knot in her pocket book Wasn't the joox but too careless, fareless Got to the room and fell flat out on the terrace The question remained who bound and gagged him That's when they found the empty pack of black Magnum Villain's skeeter, gram on the street, fifty G The part of Mr. Roper was played by Mr. T [Outro: Ghostface Killah] + (MF Doom) Fuck Charlie, that's r... (True story) Kelly, you gon' give me some pussy You know what you gonna do (Janet was dark-skinned) You too Dorine, your little fat ass can't get away neither and shit (Kristy was brown-skinned) Uh huh, that's right yeah I'ma call them Theodore niggas SWAT team on alert and shit Uh huh, yeah that's right, Skye you can't hide baby You got the best head nigga, word up (The mask was chromed out) This real Angel shit, y'all my bitches Toney Bosley in this bitch, nigga Word up, gimme back my boots THEODORE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Cellz Typed by: mitchellm3@lasalle.edu [Charles Bukowski] Born like this, into this As the chalk face smiles, as mrs. death laughs As political landscapes dissolve As the oily fish spit out their oily prey We are born like this, into this Into hospitals that are too expensive that it is cheaper to die Into lawyer who charged so much that it is cheaper to plead guilty Into a country where the jails are full and the madhouses close Into a place where the masses elevate fools into rich heroes Born into this, walking and living through this, dying because of this Castrated, debauched, disinheritated, because of this The fingers reach toward an unresponsive God The fingers reach for the bottle, the pill, the powder We are born into this sorrowful deadliness There will be open and unpunished murder in the streets It will be guns and roving mobs Land will be useless Food will become a diminishing return Nuclear power will be taken over by the many Explosions will continually shape the earth Radiated men will eat the flesh of radiated men The rotting bodies of men and animals stink in the dark wind And there will be the most beautiful silence never heard Born out of thatThe sun hidden there awaiting the next chapter [DOOM] DOOM from the realm of l-kalum smelly gel fume Separting cell womb to melly melly boom Revelations in brail respirations inhale View nations fail and shaking of a snake tail make due Blazing swords trace the haze praise the lord Saving grace lace your broads she say she bored A crazy straw ink and stale dry parafinCandy coat crap rappers pale by comparison A batch of marriaging averaging above average men Rancid rants having rambling savages scavenging For scraps perhaps road kill if that Gift to gad and he flowed ill crome stiff hat Known for writing lightning tight lines Chief and beefing being of deep ends deep this even Dimes quiet as mines by design mighty fine Slight rewind tightly bind blind lead blind Need mines now that was this is thenListening to sizzling official tens whispering him again Medal face finster playing with the dirty money Sinister don't know what he saying but the words be funny Major vet spaded through the vest with a bayonet Save your breath gave a f pay your debt they forget Make her sweat bullets crime pays no benefits Then it gets wild to social child degenerates [Voice] 6,000 years ago moses saidEvery human being is responsible for his actions Or about being is still not human [DOOM] You ought to let your uncle flows my motorcyle trunk fulls From 2 1 2 1 loses crumbs to shrunkured? bundles Hands down better then what your mans use to get Standing around from where the transluscent looses spit Missing wheel you don't listen you're a feel head Sitting in the kitchen pissing twitching kissing steel lead Crime pays no dental nor medical Unless you catching time in county state or federal You heard like roaring waters in sea shell If a tree fell you couldn't tell from 3 cell Be real carefully they tell him by the earful Kids doing skid bids acting out is terrible Word is bond fix your clothes put a shirt on Pants saggin back when you use to admit you had a skirt on Skurts posing as thuggers and hustlers El get closer then ball huggers and jugglers Motherfuckers (Voice) Doom is transmitting a message to you Superfools I need to use more power The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doom f/ Empress Stahhr Album: Born Like This Song: Still Dope Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Emoress Stahhr] I'm still dope, even if the bag ain't coach Even if I don't smoke 'till the hydro roach I'm still dope, rock a thrift store coat, and a fresh pair of moccasins Comfortable for walking in No A&R marketing, this is my reality Still dope power walk burning off the calories Fact and not fallacy, Metal Face family Imminent fatality, taking us too casually I, got it it's cool, just part of the school And I'm acing the lesson this time so quit stressing Still dope: vibrant natural game No ring, no chain, still bringing the pain Still dope: got no choice but to cope, listen take notes, I'm showing you the ropes Still dope: very high dosage, my approach is lights out, buenas noches Hold my glasses so I can get riddick Send 'em home tail tucked holding they fitted Cold as a Guinness (One pint Miss!) Yo, chill, watch the table a fish might flip Crack jokes spit, pop mad shit That's what it's made for, cop that quick Drop that vick, butterfingers, oopsie! Signed away your publishing for Jordan's and a loosie? The old one-two see, solo not groupie All over they ass like sweats by juicy Cats is puss like Sagwa and Morris Stay spittin' lines there is no chorus Deploying the troublesome, sleep and bubblegum That's a double dumb, hum if you feel where I'm coming from Do it 'till your lips are numb, you gotta go for it I stay moving forward, I'm baby bear porridge Knick nack paddy wack fluck ya'll critics This dime on the grind when it comes to the spinach Conquered the ID, +Vicious+ like +Sid+ flow Not a nympho, impress official She rock mics, you wait to ?exhale? She rock shows like DMC rock Cazals She rock shells, manicured nails Rock for every belle with a spliff to inhale Holdin' she own cone of homegrown shrubbery Won't go hungry, the flow too lovely Leavin' grills dented on the SUV rented Classic as vintage Impalas that's all tinted Raw business, like how them wifeys get hitted Authentic the track is so love I'm all in it Awww quit it, of course I'm inclined to shine, did-ick Line for line with it, climbin' infinite Tu no sabe? Yo soy una bien mala madre Confident aren't we? Playin' it smartly Word to Dios, Estrella is lethal Flow muy frio roll the dice chico Live crazy decent insanely frequent Strangely sleep wit' one eye open not jokin', outspoken Provokin' and chokin' ego strokin' is lame Word +Bond+er than +James+, four alarm wit' the flame Way ahead of the game, still playing the same Royalty in my veins it'll always remain Forever doin' my thing solo or crew I can hang Like ylang and ylang bring the Yin to the Yang They got placenta for brains testing my venomous slang Fools get fitted for bangs and rented for change Some people think I'm deranged, others a little bit strange Just trying to rattle my cage, cause I'm way outta they range "..a monkey!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: Microwave Mayo Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [MF Doom] Chain-smoking beanies 'til his brain's broken completely Get back on his feet, work out, I need some Wheaties Greedy for the cheese, please, most couldn't fathom Had him in the cobra clutch when he spat the mad hymn Gems, collection of brats, Timbs and hats Had no time for the pitty-pat, I'll give him that The rhythm hit him back with a right hook Shook it off, caught a shine and thought it was aight, look The pen's on the shades, the end of days fades Pretenders lay in dazes on stages, Du-mi-le's Eat it up, microphone, microwave mayonnaise His own way was strange but it matters not Tuned into a frequency tone that shattered rock Hold it down like Shatner do Spock Rapper jocks need to put a sock their chatterbox The block got lighter via stock Folks gather round, it's no joke like "Knock, knock" It's them, they came home to roost y'all and watch 'em transform the game to the rules of foosball She's too small, any questions? Him could squeeze blood from a penny in the recession Keep guessing, it gets deeper than depressing The power of suggestion, wake or sleep or peep the lesson Dig that beat, ripped through him with metal fingers and stomped him with big fat feet And you know what they say, cut the hay Resistance is futile, you will be assimilated But today it's all grey, metallic with a ruby stone Rude like the type of dude you can write a movie on Hardcore porn, did his own stunts Writ his own rhymes and split his blunts Once in a while, every other minute eyes pop out, Popeye, heavy on the spinach Steady on his business and ready with an ill pitch Keeps some bad bills-nitch like Jenny {?} No hitch, just a shit-load of spit and sneeze Strictly G stacking up, author, actor, hidden fees Rap is like the gay club strip tease with hippies on the yip saying "Hey bub, grip these" They screaming for attention Beaming at the mention of a scary demon convention You could cut the tension with a switchblade and serve it on the same plate as orders of witch-made Flayed, persuaded the chambermaid to bet her cheque on a get naked game of spades Straight up, no chaser, no layaways Caution, faint taste of microwave mayonnaise "Doom has taken over every continent" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: More Rhymin' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [MF Doom] More rhymin', pure diamond, tore hymen, poor timing Raw lining, Paul Simon touring, I'm in Boring typing, snoring pipe when hyper than four hype men Excited writing, trifling times ten Long stay, songs play, gone haywire, wrong way on the interstate, integrate all day It's just a small phase, that's what them all say Then fall prey in a mini-mall hallway Meant to be sold, not told to friendly enemies Remember these intentionally, empathy please Silent moaning, violent prone atonement Miles a minute on a microphone, on rent, loan spent No debt, has bet, fast get, cast jet Master McSmash, Asterix stashed it last Not least, pasta pile to hot grease Geese shot, not easily spotted plot, cease snot release Hold your insulting tongue and mark his words well or end up to the curb and shocked by third rail Get the message by bird mail or turds flail Villain man, best nerd male, you heard well an absurd tale of books, nooks and crannies Before she look me, how this fancy? Hooks and them granny panties Or plan B, when in Rome go back home and get real dome from a well-known crack gnome He talk to himself when he need someone to hate on The black-McCain campaign, negative debate-a-thon Gone wrong on the song, who's zooming who? Knew it was you Doom all along Ever he first started the art, it's been worth it Soon to charter a stint on part of the Chitlin' Circuit Word kid, get your ticket from the telepath "Wicked, wicked, wicked" on electroencephalograph [Outro] Villain, nice to meet you {*snore*} You born like this? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Born Like This Song: That's That Typed by: Jano342000@Hotmail.com Already woke, spare the joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke Here, share strawberry morinin,  Gone and more important spawnin' Torn in, poor men sworn in Cornish hens switchin positions, auditionin' mortitions Saw it in a vision, ignorin prison Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb Found em drowned in cows dung, crowns flung Rings a tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers Seven figures invigor Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea Lend sympathy to limper simple simon rhymin emcees Trees is free, please leave a key These meager fleas, he's the breeze And she's the bees knees for sheez G's of Gs seize property, shopping sprees chop the cheese drop degrees to stop diseases gee wiz pa! DOOM rock grammer like the Kumbaya Mama was a ho hoppa, papa was a rollingstone Star like Obama, pull a card like oh drama! Civil liberties These little titties abilities riddle me, middle C Give a MC a rectal hysterectomy lecture on removal of the bowels, foul technically Don't expect to see the recipe Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee More wreck than section Z What you expect to get for free? Shit from me, history The key, plucked it off mayor Chucked it in the ol tar pit off La Brea, playa They say he's gone too far DOOM'll catch em after Jumar on cue lacka!! Do what'cha gotta do, grarrrr the rumors are not true, gotchu (got you) ma No prob, got the job, hot barred heart throb Scotch Guard the bar the with cotton swabs, dart lob Bake a cake, sweet Jamaica trade in treats on the beach make her skeet til her feets meet Can it be I stayed away too long? Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone? As you listen to these crazy tracks Check them stats then you know where I'm at And that's that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doom f/ Kurious, Mobonix, Slug  Album: Born Like This Song: Supervillainz Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Posdnuos/P-Pain] What rhymes with shillin, villain What rhymes with shmillain, villain He's a villain.. Yes, he is.. [Kurious] + (Doom) Set it off adrenaline rush, the boys way beyond a pen and the dutch Stronger than hen a bag of the dust, you need to watch how they acting with us Now time to get it in gear, get it in right here  Revenge is better than beer, Yo Doom, it's been a minute think they getting it clear (Yeah!) When brothers reunite, make sure we party right  We rock it all night long even beyond the morning light It's hard to see him in the light, even harder to see him on the mic  A black Benz beats being on a bike, and he can talk a gay chick outta being a dike (New Kurious, y'all) Like that y'all, freak freak y'all (At a store near you) To the beat y'all (Go get it) [Doom] Keep it on click fully auto, I won't stop the rock until pockets thick and gordo More so a risk of sounding poor, bro  No tux ? tickets to the award show Normally cordial, more or less, less is more or no Hock spit out the cockpit, stuck to the window 'till it's solid as a rock hit [Posdnuos/P-Pain] Yes, he is.. [Mobonix] He grabbed the mic like two money bags  waiting for the getaway to count what he had  Thought he was a spaz, but dude kept wrecking  The crowd remote control, keep 'em all guessing Funny man gave 'em nuttin like a bummy dad  Taught him how to fight wit' a mic and the hottest stab But that's the life of a villain, and you know after that, chilling  Went places got Gracie don't follow, the big joke ain't no Cola in the Coke bottle Writing rhymes till the pen go hollow and been flow hotter than the sunshines of Marrow  And get the villain and scream, if it's not real life it's still in yo' dreams  Like that y'all, like that y'all, like that a like that and like that y'all [Posdnuos/P-Pain] What rhymes with thrillin, villain.. What rhymes with stealin, villain.. He's a villain.. Yes, he is.. [Prince Paul/Filthy Pablo] ..That's right, I'll smack the black off of ya, punk! [Slug] Villain.. Pushin' on the couch cushion, south side Minneap never lived out in Brooklyn Kept the faith forget the fame, If they sweat the name let it set the lane Held mind, cold and hard, had no regard who the chosen are Who, you? Oh no, you played the Oboe, keep it on the low low Rappers are candy butterscotch, I'mma let their baby mothers watch She loves the ock, I touch the spot,  Bitch, I'm the itch, that must be a God up her crotch, heh Now stop, leave the buildings and leave some pills for these little villains Hey shorty, share the flask  Let me explain why I wear this mask.. Villain! "I want you to call me at that address if I'm still there gonna make sure you get cracked!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madvillain Album: Chrome Children Song: Monkey Suite Typed by: machiventa858@yahoo.com Villain'll hold the mic like he's mean and his tummy hurt In a clean pair, ripped jeans and a bummy shirt Wonderin would you clap your hands if he was friendly? Dapper Dan dipped and pretend to be Fendi and gold sellin No tellin, slap a fan hand down, tell 'em "no yellin" DOOM- all capitals, no trick spellin Got what it take to get it through your thick melon (Woopwoosh!) Fresh witty city skits When he get wreck, pretty emcees catch titty fits Told them call the cops, just don't hold your breath for the ball to drop Better yet, hold on to your halter top Kept reppin, steppin in hotta Ignoring pigs like Bigs Top Shotta Surviver of a live crew, not out to jive you It stings when he laugh when he at the bank drive-thru Wylin', get me every red penny Sold a lonely only child a imaginary enemy When he sees the mask and the microphone gizmo He's the broke host this is like his own quiz show This go out to all my brothers doin long bids and sisters Who got brothers bein fathers to the wrong kids Stay strong and ride like the funky flute Won't find the Villain in the street inside no monkey suit Or either at the bar in no gorilly bra Nor raceway park scoring on no silly car Ask the stranger he knows who you really are Behind the mask face stay dark, no boring willy star Gleaming, dreaming, screaming- he'll be off the heezy soon Cunning live rats drive at your steaming greasy spoon In participating places tip your waitress' A sure fire way to wire, trip the matrices Skip ya laces, all black tennis miniature Ball stack, gall tall pack, Guinness minister Tussle the hustle, cut your dank with dirt Won't be in the club in a muscle tank shirt You could find 'em in the pub with the grub stain Chuggin on a small tub of pain to his bugged brain Sane, some say he plum crazy Amazed at how he still get paid but dumb lazy That's for him to know and for you to guess Won't be caught in a suit vest at no computer desk A suede front, maybe may stunt khaki dig Not in no braids or no lace-front yaki wig The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DOOMSTARKS (MF DOOM & Ghostface Killah) Album: Victory Laps (S) Song: Victory Laps Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF DOOM] + (Ghost) {*clearing throat*} AH-HEM~! Bust off your straps, shot the victory laps For a rhyme-o-cidal maniac, rap run runners Kingpin numbers to kick, kneeslap skat Draw no lose, Villain on the track in your town like Ringling Brothers, bring rings around clowns Got 'em bowin down in surround-o-sound, drown (WORD!) Pawn somethin for a small fortune Goon broke, sell a portion to a auction, caution Name your price, it's that times four score of course No love lost, enter the town on tour de force cost more Give or take the off day short stay In case the courty shorty need the horseplay Raw hay, rakin in the dough, no connection Came home lames bit it, still prayin protection Villain no kiddin when he ain't rhyme checkin Or in the sunshine with a fime dime neckin He lightin up the older big torch with sparks glowin Get caught squash mode, pass it off as Starks go [Ghostface Killah] Bringin it home it's the relay laps; twist cats put 'em on they ass The other half on they neck and they back Prepare your vest for the victory laps Take titles and give 'em back, World Series Hummers Veteran numbers, still spit that crack Bottles of Goose in the backpack Niggaz talkin like "Dare Tony Starks, don't you dare let us down Your hits be immaculate, and accurate" Like the targets of Jake Plummer (word~!) Started all that talk of bein a gunner Beef in the winter leads to death in the summer Switchin the Franks, army tanks Fuck a bodyguard, it's me in the iron I'm secure like federal banks, pirates Y'all niggaz better walk the plank - motherfucker! [MF DOOM] BLUKA BLUKA compliments of the gentlemen in all black In the back softball stack off the wall plaque For all slack, track who diss is tricky Hope to fix the problem with the rack & pinion doohickey Not too quickly, they softer than a gooch As I proceed to pop the clutch like a cooch brooch It broke loose, scratched the side slidin Disappearin off of the horizon, glidin You're now ridin with the rude gin and ginseng drinkin Sing a Sting song smooth as mink skin Drop a jewel to keep the king's men thinkin Filthy Metal Fingers leave the ink pen stinkin Move~! The lab is in a mess Wreakin speakin from the heart like a stabbin in the chest Leakin in a cab in distress, blinkin, home Poems ringin in his dome, clingin to chrome, it's ons The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ MF Doom Album: Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars Song: Chinatown Wars (Like a Renegade) Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus 2X: Ghostface Killah] War, we run these streets like a renegade Get that gwop, til the rent is paid Hunt my pray, in the calvacade Revenge is got, when the boss is slayed [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, what up homey, it's Toney, revenge is so sweet And I move with artillery, roaming the streets My guns is ginormous, bullets is heatseeking Big brother got the eye on me, I watch how I'm speaking And I move like a porn star in charm school I stick everything I see, but I only take jewels And Cash Rules, pills and that cocaine powder I ain't a man, I'm a Killah, obsessed with power And revenge, I don't need friends and shiesty activities Move alone through the City that they call Liberty And trust nobody but my bullets and my shotty Carjack a fool twist his limbs like pilates Ox' him, buck 50 stitch him, Chinatown Wars I chop 'em up like rice in the kitchen It's a, bad decision, starting beef with the butcher He ain't a bleeder, I pop him son, your man is a gusher [Chorus 2X] [MF Doom] Clap on, clap off Fake ass street thugs, either need to ax off or cough Feel 'em, Metal Finger steel drum Clean inside walk with him, talk shit to real scum Of the earth, take it with a shovel, fool Main character, super villain, lovable And don a mask like a clown, of thorns Blow your horn and get pounded out by the boring (I take your order) let me get one wing Any king that bring this sting for Chung King No change, no stranger to gats Took notice, what so strange is no cats Dogs is wars, dud luck, draw straws Fuck the boss, drowned on blood and duck sauce Stuck the enemy, a wack deal caper For racks of fake Fendi and stacks of real paper [Chorus 2X] [Ghostface Killah] Yo, it's a manhunt, my mentality's militia If my four-fifth had lips, I'd make it French kiss ya Cuz no mission's impossible, I carry my Wu-Tang sword On my back, and attack all obstacles Burnt down buildings, avenging my father's death A store for ransom, and snatch your crystal meth I pillage, my warpath is unpredictable Leave 'em dead on arrival, broke up or critical [MF Doom] War nine, frying swine to pork grinds For trying to walk the fine line, thoughts flying Had more fun with a crooked rookie Went for his gun, cracked his skull like a fortune cookie A mind reader, find out, speak, freaks bow With the nine heater, beat feet and smile now Ten paces, about face, chase me We make it sound crazy than a case of M-80's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom f/ MF Grimm Album: I Hear Voices 12"/Operation Doomsday (Enhanced) Song: I Hear Voices	 Typed by: illnes@donotreply.com [MF Grimm] Tossing, turning, dreams of murder, someone's killing me Of changes, there's nights I'm on a killing spree All done cold blood waking up in cold sweats This is such a cold world unconscious getting death threats Shadows choking me, my last breath lets out my body It's a conspiracy, my mind and my body's not really down with me Me against the whole world? It's a little deeper Me against my self, I fight the Grim Reaper Swing sickle, I got my Glock bust rounds off Demented, schizophrenic, I know this sounds off to you I do not lie, when I doze off spirits hope I die, whatever Angels waste the time, they work together Scheme and plot on me, 'cause I'm the son of man I hear voices from a dog like Son of Sam Don't give a damn if the bullets fill me I don't wanna live, I hope they kill me Put me out my misery, I live in misery I kill all my enemies, cause I love company Those who seek me, are called wise men Or either wise-guys I prey you comprehend And realize I'm condemned No rest, homicidal dreams My cellmate, all he do is scream Out loud how he wants to go home That's funny, I'm here all alone Locked, in a single cell His back's bleeding, he's cold as hell And I'm hoping, they turn on some heat I call the C.O. to bring some extra sheets "Where'd he go?" he walk through walls, run halls, I prey "teach me" They don't seem him at the health try to reach me I say "please see how he feels" They said, "He's alright but he's not real" Evaluations say I suffer from depression Hallucinations, self-corration's what they're guessin I'm here doing years, I'm stressin' Medicate me, sedate me want me to rest an' Don't take it cause he said that won't be best an' He said I need his help and he needs me "Nigga you walk through walls, go home you're free" Home, that was far and he was turned off Cause his wings was burned off A lesson was learned, communicate with one I was chosen cause I'm God's son [MF Doom] And I'm the retarded one! (*sings*) Out in the streets You won't survive with, wack-ass beats ("We can see that!") These days and times Watch as we get ours with rhymes To my Metal Face bros with stomachs of cast iron Who been into when in blast to the last siren On the slow-mo the calm artist with the so-so chick Chased them all like Cairo did to Slobodan Milosovik Anyhoo, how 'bout them Yankees? Once I leave off-stage the party people thanks mee's If I may speak freely nasty like the freaky-deeky At your local sleazy speak-easy Famely fan of the limelight In the mic stand was a phallic stick of dynamite It's risky business like hand-to-hand crack sale With rappers who's better off on the cover of Black Tail Jumpin Jehosaphat, who's that? Who cats who do magic like "Tell me how you do's that" Heck no, especially those who cop pleas like gecko Thought I might do techno Ha ha, betcha bust out laughing at the bet For no reason he get cussed out like Tourette Yet tight flow to make her bad ass stutter Or even crack a smile from a mad fast cutter Butter, word play since third grade age Back when we used to play "Bang! Open bird cage" Hip hop Benny Hill's to penny straight Get every penny weight then he chill, at any rate My metal face hold with tongue release I-ring Do yourself, I will continue to do my thing Like Kung-Fu fighting everybody was biting Then the super-villain struck again like lightning In the same spot (bzzz!) now what's the chance of that? And a name drop like pick the name out the hat That's a known drop from the, liver conniver Who vote player out the rap game like Survive while I-ah Drop through greens like a nerd cat wheeling ten speed So way back spin your back and then freeze While I play high-ball, low-ball, to zero So called rhymers, go call Cleo While I, steal the show like thought-so-try-(??) Super-duper stars need Ortho-TriCylin Sometimes the men, mostly from the women I hear voices saying that's the super-villain (Uhh, I hear voices) Mostly from the women, I hear voices... super-villain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom Album: Is He Ill 12" (white label) / www.mfdoom.com Song: Is He Ill? Typed by: ken_johnson9@hotmail.com Well Is He Ill? [yes] Do he really fit the bill? [yes] Spit to kill? [yes] Keep things real? [yes] Know the drill? [yes] The ledge edge? [yes] And still ...[yes] And catch wreck at will? [yea] 2xs Todays forecast, a slight chance of flurries A slightly slim chance they might dance to worries I won't know to say, break thru a cut away Doom like the rain known to come back another day Like this day like now-a-day be right there Like [I, O, A], gimme half a light year Same time it take y'all to drink a light beer Feel the wrath of the tooth just like the cast of nightmare Whoever got the cash, the mic, they both right here What more can I say? keeps your sights clear Bare facts, strip you naked to bare backs The [owner] cant do jack rare tracks for your earwax Oh snap! You hear that? Naw Doomsday way up in the cut like maw and paw When he come out he dumb out There he go! The villian with the illest flow in all of mexico All foes on some when he leave out let me know Just soes I can breath out before I let go Rappers is like saschmo that you best know Invested free dough like matthew lets go! Sh-- followed by hail storm, snow and earthquakes Give out more toothaches than first birthday cakes The more we reverse scripts the worse they fate To beat cha'll with dimes on dummy [ambesol shake] Now u got a rhyme tummy ache by mistake Can't call it, can't call jake, call cannonball face [dig tapes] and stay in great shape, Today's rap game is like one big date rape M-F! the name ring bell like ring ding dong He can never be wrong like ling ting tong Once heard a hit song, sounded like an annoying gong Tt's so wack, I didnt wanna hit the bong Now who get iller with the pen than I do? And in it just to get the benjamin like netenyahu? [not you] Let the god bless you like Achoo! Get you like whats that on your chest clook! gotchu [PMS deep] good for you its shredded wheat As well as getting shredded by the metal headed lead feet Sun 'em and done 'em like a dad thats dead beat Beat him like a dead horse nasty as red meat Doom memorize rhymes and still forgot Call it how he see it and kill a shot, like willard scott In the place to be like no iller spot To spill a knot, it's like a chilling thriller plot Starring the villian as the black jesus If it ain't yack or the jack is the grey goose [stoke] can stay loose off grape juice regardless Never-the-less did his best on the retarded test Was trick questions, always kept a cheat sheet On the microphone, a repper before beat street And beat meat that MF doom he stay tru If u online check the site and FAQ Is He Ill? [yea] Do he really fit the bill? [yea] Spit to kill? [yup] Keep the game real? [yup] Know the drill? [yup] The ledge edge? [yea] And still [yea] Can he catch wreck at will? [yea] Is He Ill? [yea] Do he really fit the bill? [yea] Spit to kill? [yea] And keep things real? [yea] Know the drill? [yup] The ledge edge? [yup] And still [yup] Can he catch wreck at will? [yea] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah & MF Doom Album: Nature Sounds Presents: Natural Selection Compilation Song: Angeles Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Yea, that's right It's not a Hardy Boy mystery neither This is real shit This shit come on right after Hart to Hart y'all No doubt, 7 o'clock Fantasy Island This episode is "Death to a Brooklyn Man" This is Toney's Angels [Ghostface Killah] Ayo, it was 3 white bitches who worked for Toney Starks Undercover agents far beyond narc's Amazed by their beauty marks Wonderwoman bracelets, knee-high boots that was made by Clark's My dick got hard on how they spoke and shit Every language was music to the kid as if If I was modern day King Midas Doreen, Sky, and Kelly Starks Angels, Shaolin's Finest Though it happened in the streets of Brooklyn Plus I played the whip real low cuz my face was woofin' My Angels jetted outta Albee Square Gun out, wrapped in they hair Kinda crowded so they clapped in the air Chase a nigga down, block for blocks Squeezin' glocks These Mami's real anxious to blow of his top He's a rapist, murderer, convict, burglar The more they ran, the more they skirts got dirtier Sendin' shots like Check Day FedEx Express way **Boom!, Bow!, Bing!** You heard the gun play *Who shot the duck out the window*? Mr. Lee said *Three pay now, you fuckin' weed head* We can stop the fire, the suspect, he's dead Then I pulled up - "Come on girls to Club Med" [MF Doom] Stay tuned - The Villain Threes Company Don't Sleep Pt. 1 2 Brown sisters assisted the Villain Doom He woked up, stoked like they was still in the room Freed his right arm and leg It was more like a sweep Loosened his other leg, arm, head and rose to his feet Staggerin' except for the socks and mask naked Grabbed up the boxers, fussin', pissed and checkin' for the keys, stacked A robbery expected, yet nothing obvious is missing Recollectin' now why Hollywood hotties Stepped in Giuseppe Zanotti, personal nurse's Chanel purses, she ok? shottie Chased Patrice with Thai iced teas She drive wild nice to Veggie Fried Rice Spicy Told the Hoes "I don't feel so well, my belly" Rolled down Melrose, "Drive me to the Telly" "Ya'll go'head and get the L's, and get back, I be 'k" Feelin' woozy, no oozy, who's seen the lobby? Ray Peace! peace to man, change 100, stop and look Naw! Whoops! Left a knot in her pocketbook Elevator slow, "is I'm that careless?" Entered the room and fell flat on the terrace Woke up, dag, who bound and gagged 'em? Got 'em for 2 out of 3 packed bags Magnum Each gram of Villain sperm streets worth a G The part of Mr. Furley was played by Charlie Murphy [Outro: Ghostface Killah] & (MF Doom) Fuck Charlie, that's right y'all we go get back out there on the scene Kelly you go get me some pussy (To be Continued) You know what you gon' do You too Dorien You lil fat ass can't get away neither and shit Uh huh, that's right yea I'm call The Theodore niggaz Swat Team alert and shit uh huh, yea that's right Sky you can't hide baby, you got the best head nigga Word up, This real Angels shit, y'all my bitches Toney Bosley in this bitch nigga, word up Give me back my boots, motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K.M.D. f/ Busta Rhymes, Lord Jamar, Sadat X Album: Nitty Gritty 12" Song: Nitty Gritty (Dog Spelled Backwards Mix) * Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ * also appears on The Best of K.M.D. ] [ Zev Love X ] This is a re-mix! (To what?) It's is a RE-MIX! (To what?) IT'S A REMIX! Let's get right down to (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty)	--> MC Lyte (Let's get right down to the nitty gritty)	--> Tim Dog [ Zev Love X ] Born again, a soul bend blends K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends X-tends to grip palm and causin calm in His knowledge of self, so commence to bombin As alarmin as a beep from your beeper What you needed was a wake-up call to the sun, you sleeper You don't wants get woke by the wolf, does ya? (Naaah...) Good guessin Switch the pitch up, another session From the infamous God Squad You see, we's all peas in the same pod, god -od after 7, my attribute is -even My tolerance is gone and my word is bond You see the Nitwits knockin Preach, "the Lord'll change your life around" I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, they musta Been guzzlin that 85 proof, ask Busta [ Busta Rhymes ] Question number one, how can you go wrong? K.M.D., can I sing this song? (Sho' nuff) The nitty gritty, do the nitty gritty Get on down and let's do the nitty gritty Busta Rhymes from the top of Chill City Flippin on the rhythm, showin you that I get busy Stand up for the right of the young and the witty Movin inconspicuous like a baby kitty Moved to the Island and I left the urban city Whylin in the Island till I find a young bitty Baby doll, well, I never ever fall Hard, let the God Squad in the dancehall K.M.D., Brand Nubian Leaders Of The New School always be chillin Hold up, so I can get illy First to interfer here and I'm comin back silly Now I feel the vibes of the choco in the Philly You know you can't fuck because we rippin it, Smitty I know you love this song ( ? ) to the break of dawn Onyx, god, tell me what is going on? [ Onyx the Birthstone Kid ] What, what goes? As far as I know, see, bros Are havin trouble knowin who's friends and who's foes The worst devil is a black devil Because you come disguised as a wolf in sheep's clothes Like Preacher Porkchop who keeps the church clappin Mo' comes the money, mo' money got him yappin He sucks your bucks, so his pockets fatten He's got some guts, he pimp-struts up to Staten Island, I be chillin in Long Island, Long Beach Hippin gods to they culture with the strong speech I build with the Nubians I chill with I fill with my zig-zag-zig I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat The devil man in this land, he won't allow that So brother man, I don't wanna bust you But if you don't know the devil, gee, I can't trust you [ Onyx ] Knowmsayin, man You just can't brothers who don't know what time it is [ Zev Love X ] True indeed, true indeed, yo So Lord J [ Lord Jamar ] Yo, that's true indeed And I know the time of the day Lord Jamar goes like this [ Lord Jamar ] Life's hardships Stones are placed and one must face trips Falls and spills to kills and cause mishaps These are some of his traps But I got a jewel that needs no gift wrap So just receive, believe when shown the light The devil gets left, the gods gotta get right To the source of our loss, stop wearin the cross Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss," and When you do, from the other you won't beg Can't you see my brother, you're the Arma-Legga-Leg Arm, supreme Head, and instead Of relyin, why don't you start tryin? You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt Cause when you stop tryin that makes victory exempt From your cipher, the life you lead is not hype The blackman was not born to be a gutter snipe Or an alley cat, you should be steppin to the rally fat Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know So, get up and go, get yourself a book of Life instead of living life like a hooker Get some knowledge of self and do for self Yo man, brothers ain't tryin to check it out ... you know what I'm sayin? Crack, crack them skulls, man [ Subroc ] I see some so crazy deaths Men, from head to toe they're full of lead I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead So I taught children 'fore I flipped Cause in actuality my man's mentality was stripped I dipped back to the roots, I am a king with ranks Cream in the coffee, clay thing - no thanks Why play the role like all silly teens? I'm the black bowling ball knockin pins to smithereens Each teach in every town, relate that The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that Coon, jiggaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix Give me a (woof!) in reverse, Psalms 82 and 6 "All gods, and children of the Most High" Cave-guys still fry in the sun, don't deny I got a third eye sight vibe that don't lie I am the lion, goodnight, defyin evil's the bull's eye [ Sadat X ] It's like this... (and my word is bond) This is a modern type of style, look at what I did A devil still can't build a pyramid I dug a tunnel to Asia, wrote a speech with a laser Rush your brain with a new genetic strain The god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn I smacked a man cause he tried to serve a plate of ham Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's natty dread He got a ( ? ), used to be a foot fet' The city ( ? ) and I forgot to mention That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough Zig-zag-zig, watch the blackman get big and burst The blackman is first I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty, and my) (The nitty gritty, and my) (The nitty gritty, and my word is bond) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty) (The nitty gritty and my) (The nitty gritty, and my word is bond) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom and Scott Free Album: On the Ropes soundtrack Song: New Beginning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] Yo, yo Bring in the big guns, weapons is ready In the square shoot the heady reppin the yeti is ready Bout time last train from Gun Hill, Dunn chill Stay filled with exhiliration from one kill [Scott Free] Yo, rock for ? row don't tempt me Smack the drum black, black rap Jack Dempsey You get laced without a trace just for takin up space Bill Bill the bombville you still catch a Gas Face For real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF DOOM Album: THC - The Hip-Hop Collection Volume One Song: Favorite Ladies Typed by: slimkidonhigh@netscape.net Mary, you make me wanna eat you Everytime I see you, it's like the first time I meet you Frangrance like a flower, subtle and sweet too Seductive and whatever, it might as well be see through Like my genie in a bottle Miss could get me rich like a magaziney model Before you know it, he have her on a stroll Fresh and ripe, perplexin like Acapulco Gold If I had to guess, just right, not a day old Like a cradle robber, copped her off, shop a trailer-load Know the right number, you can get her And hit while you would've sold to the highest bidder like Fruits and berries, bring daddy loot in a hurry Just be cute and don't worry Type to make a nigga hallucinate and admit it Then she started losing weight, lettin everybody hit it I like Ally, sometimes she gets bitter Always kept me happy, never had a problem with her She used to let me use her, back when I was looser Respect her to this day, and never did abuse her I told her I'll be faithful, but she don't believe me I probably coulda been, if I never meet Eevee She make me feel all fuzzy inside, it's loco You won't get nowheres near her if you're broke though Kept a shorty, can't find 'em much thinnner If caught I get mad time just for touchin her Knock wood, so much for hymens So fly, she should be in the sky with diamonds Little young thing, she likes to do the tounge thing At times, she would play hard to get, grunting Or something, she made me feel like the number one king Run into her now, and we still catch a fun fling Met her at Central Park this one time Had the God mentally sparked, reflectin sunshine She said, you need to stop messin wit that white girl She fuckin wit ya head and got ya heart in tight curl We messed around once or twice, but she don't know me She helped me get money at the dutch price OT Plus she from Columbia, so she really Spanish Cookie known to make a cat bank account vanish And Miss Hazy, all the women mature black Everytime she sees me, I end up gettin pulled back All she want me to do is blaze it crazy The only one complaint is, she make me too lazy Sugar-mommy laced me with the butter navy Avi Just her way to makeup for the headaches that she gave me It's all gravy, when I'm done getting my mack on Ally is always there to help me get back on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Doom, RZA Album: Think Differently Music: Wu-Tang Meets the Indie Culture Song: Biochemical Equation Typed by: Cno Evil [RZA] Tempted by the sins of life, the pleasures of lust With wild imaginings that you can't discuss Oh, the flesh is weak, its a struggle for peace It's a daily conflict between man and beast We, strive for God, and a better tomorrow Still suffering, from the unforgettable sorrow Repent from thy sins, son, and walk ye straight Stop talking all that trash boy, and talk ye straight Evicted by the pressures of life, at every vital point Still, I wouldn't give an oint' Or, flinch an inch, or pitch a pinch Off the pie, or every try to try your wench Confronted by the devil himself, and stay strong You think you can take the King, now meet Kong Strong as the base of a mountain, there's no counting How many MC's, have sprung from our fountain Fifty thousand year process, to make this combination I'm not, giving mine away to Satan Although, I know that he's awaiting To get ahold of my biochemical equation I'mma slip him son, I'mma dip him, son When I catch the drop on him, I'mma clip him, son Fifty thousand year process, to make this combination Ninety nine elements, biochemical manifestation I'm not giving mines away to Satan Although, I know that he's awaiting I'mma slip him son, I'mma dip him, son When I catch the drop on him, I'mma clip him, son [MF Doom] Bet oc', straight to the head with the pet rock At least til I can get from out this booth, it's like a sweat box Trade a few bars of head nodding, throw us a stack Pair of linens sewed up like thread and bobbin bonus pack Invest in the first b-boy kid show live on skid row, with jive talking negros He wear his beard like a frizzly haired grizzly And kept his appearances exquisitely rare, where is he? Is he in the backyard, or on your front porch Or standing in the corner of the club, with the blunt torched You're soft, they say he rhyme like he starving And sold odds and bob kins, to old gods and goblins Golly, he's just a pest and your worst best friend Who mend and rip space time fabric like polyester blend Not a hobby for no knobby-kneed lesser men Or sloppy like the rest of them, they probably need estrogen [RZA] Yo, yo, drunk or sober, son, don't lose your composure Semi off the Remy, mixed with Henny, Moet demi' Underneath the passenger seat, son, tuck the semi' Israeli issued, automatic black pistol The cop with the flashlight, chew gum as he whistle Tapped on the glass, roll it down fast License, registration, addressed to your lab They made insurance, the reason why I pulled you over Cuz the way you were swerving, sir, you can't be sober Have you been drinking? Breathe into the breathalyzer Get out the car, please, follow this exercise, sir Put one finger on your nose, now from heel to toe Walk in a straight line, ten paces, down the road My homeboy Kano, used to do the mashed potato Or cartwheels, and then spin out like a tornado They used to chase him, right; but son, he would always shake em Becoming pump blows, and make beats inside my basement Drunk or sober, never lose your composure Stress on the brain, cause pain and stomach ulcers If you can't understand, then come closer We civilize the uncivilized cuz we supposed to Drunk or sober, never lose your composure Mic in your hand, black man stand as a soldier Stress on the brain, cause pain and stomach ulcers If you can't understand, then come closer... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3rd Bass f/ K.M.D. Album: Derelicts of Dialect Song: Ace in the Hole Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Nice] Ace is the place with the helpful hardware Prime's got a spare, it's truth or dare [MC Serch] Stare into the face of a kid who is a hypocrite Take all that hate -- why don't you try flippin it? [Pete Nice] I never went out out drinkin Pepsi sips and never laced up my boots in fruity bits I ain't pretty so my fetish ain't nighthood Cause no one wears sequins in my neighborhood [MC Serch] Cause my feet are firmly planted on the concrete High-top fade, with no need for a blonde streak Now let me chill, it's a sign of maturity And I would never steal a chant from a Black Greek fraternity 	Elvis Elvis baby, too bold, too bold 	Ice Ice baby, no soul, no soul [Pete]	Last year we +Gassed+ ya up [Serch]	Now herbals fill your pastures [Pete]	Masters of movement and mayhem [Serch]	while last year record shows stopped for a racist [Pete]	Countin cards and blackjacks, throwin aces [Serch]	Places I've seen and I've seen all types of grills [Pete]	It's the K.M.D. ?? G fills [Serch]	Which builds up the fence for the fibs you're sprayin [Pete]	My ace is in the hole [Serch]	So whatcha playin? * Daddy Rich scratches Zev Love X saying  "K.M.D. and 3rd Bass is just ace in the hole, I mean soul.." * [Zev Love X] That's it right? Check it Humm goes the kick, check out how I flick it As the thumb presses quick, suckers on the mix and yeah the Birthstone Kid, Zev Love X and Mr. X took a lickin, so Onyx what's the time it is? [Onyx] Time is to get my cocka-doodle rooster yappin Wakin devil heads with my poor style rappin Time is a quarter shorter that in order be sorta tap in my line and just Knowledge me [Zev Love X] Eats the baby food with no bib And ad-lib from the Reverand Rib's crib The lesson is.. YEAHHH, some ?? true and fix Yeah all garbage no fib I'm talkin bout the Nubians (wake us up) the black man No sugar sweet snacks for the sour sap To see home, why should I have to check the maps? The haps, is negative I give many many caps for a heavy heavy gun, about a, ton it weighs That keep you, bustin off for days as sure as every sucker pays in time, tis mine The cause is a hole where the bass is ace for rhymes [Onyx] Evils in my midst bound to get crushed, rushed helps to manage, we're Kausin Much Damage So we go on and on, word bond Mics they got torn by the Kause long as Jimmy Cracks Corn bores Hamhand gets no support by the God Squad, God Body, for short call me God Born Headnod to this like a King of Swing, thing and check the verse I disperse, see what I'm bringin is an ace in the hole 	uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh a ace in the hole! Yeahh.. ace in the hole? 	Uh-huh, uh-huh, a ace in the hole! [Pete Nice] The Zev Love X (ACE IN THE HOLE) Subroc (ACE IN THE HOLE) MC Onyx (ACE IN THE HOLE) To MC Serch (ACE IN THE HOLE) DJ Richie Rich (ACE IN THE HOLE) ?? (ACE IN THE HOLE) To Cool Poppa Sha (ACE IN THE HOLE) My man Smoke (ACE IN THE HOLE) To one and another (ACE IN THE HOLE) Sig Luva (ACE IN THE HOLE) Boogie man J Quest (ACE IN THE HOLE) To Kurious Jorge (ACE IN THE HOLE) And jump to Bobbito (ACE IN THE HOLE) To the *censored* (ACE IN THE HOLE) To SD 50's (ACE IN THE HOLE) To G.Y.P. (ACE IN THE HOLE) To my man Sam Sever (ACE IN THE HOLE) My man Prince Paul (ACE IN THE HOLE) To the crackhead gams (ACE IN THE HOLE) To the one Chubb Rock (ACE IN THE HOLE) To Vanilla Wafer.. *pause* .. later! {sarcastically} WORD TO YOUR MOTHA! Your mother.. man ohh man word to your MUTHA! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3rd Bass f/ Zev Love X (of KMD) Album: The Cactus Album Song: The Gas Face Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MC Serch] Aiyyo man, my labelmate Don Newkirk Man step to him [Don Newkirk] Thanks Serch! And now... for the Prime Minister Sinister.. Pete.. N-hi-hi-hi-hi-hi-hice! Nice Nice Nice [MC Serch] Kick em in the grill Pete! Verse One: Pete Nice Gas, past tense, made facially 3rd Bass'll express, KMD Three blind mice on sight Zev Lover, gave it the first light A grin shows a trick up a sleeve (HUAHAH) What a tangled web they weave Deceivers, stupefied through fable say Let's Make a Deal at the dinner table Put you on tour, put your record on wax ("Trust me!") Sign your life on the X You eXit, X-off, but what you really get: A box of Newports, and Puma sweats ("Damn!") Tex feeds and frowns upon Emus To give up Gas Face he drinks from a Thermos Sub Roc cut at you with a clipper Gas Face given, I beg to differ [MC Serch] Pete that was real def man but I gotta get serious now Aiyyo Don, step to em again [Don Newkirk] Everybody.. MC Serch! Verse Two: MC Serch Black cat is bad luck, bad guys wear black Musta been a white guy who started all that (Make the Gas Face!) For those little white lies My expression to the mountainous blue eyes Then form a face, and shake my skull cap Dismiss the myth, that evil is not black but opposite spectrum, this done by red man with horns on his head, laid down the ill plan Got all his helpers, said, "Make it snappy! Tell all the people that their hair can't be nappy!" Blonde and blue-eyed, or dark-skinned half a G A disease, created by leprosy Don't speak of bleach, bend them to right Say, "It was night WAY before the light" Put aside spooks, Serch leaves a trace I've set em correct with the effect of the Gas Face [MC Serch] Next up Don [Don Newkirk] A *SPECIAL* appearance by KMD's.. Zev, Love, ehhXssss! Verse Three: Zev Love X A Gas Face, can either be a smile or a smirk When appears, a monkey wrench to work one's clockwork Perkin his brim to the rim of my cup Don't tempt me, you're empty, so fill'er up! Is I'm talkin coffee or cocoa, is you loco? Cash or credit for unleaded at Sunoco KMD and 3rd Bass is just ace in the hole I mean soul, so make the Gas Face (HUAHAHA) Damn, if looks could kill You look like host was a ghost from your grill But still, what's the new fed, to recollect to our passing phase to facades to Eddie Decker for my label reads Hood, street might have a tattoo Don't pick any card or no rabbit from my hat Never a magician if I ever tricked em "Oh shit!" Another Gas Face victim [MC Serch] There it is, yo fellas man Why don't you step to the mic man? [Zev Love X] That's how I kicks it, for 80-deca [MC Serch] Aiyyo, good lookin out Don man peace Punji, yo who gets the Gas Face? [Punji]	Little Vic for the Gas Face [Serch]	Tony Dick, gets the Gas Face [Zev X]	No Gas Faces for Plugs One Two and Three [Serch] No Gas Face for Professor Prince Pa-paul!  [?]	My friend Tina gets the big Gas Face [Zev X] No Gas Face for DJ Subroc [Serch]	No Gas Face for KMD [PNice] Hammer, shut the fuck up! Gas Face! AHUAHAUAH!  [all]	WHAHAHAOAHH [PNice]	What do we think about Hammer? HAOWAHWOHAHBHABHAHBHAHBBHB  [?]	G.Y.P. [Serch]	Get Yours Posse does not get the Gas Face [Serch]	But P. W. Botha gets a Gas Face  [all] WHOAHBLBLAHBHA-WHOO!  [?]	Dante Ross gets the Gas Face [Serch]	Yo stop dissin Dante on records y'all! [Serch] Elroy.. Elroy.. Elroy Cohen, gets the Gas Face! 	HAHAhahahahahaha, that's all.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: De La Soul f/ MF Doom Album: The Grind Date Song: Rock Co.Kane Flow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Posdonus] Up in them five-star tellies and two mic rhymes be them average MC's of the times Unlike them, we craft gems So systematically inclined to pen lines without sayin a producer's name, all over the track Yeah I said it! What you need to do is get back to reading credits, we them medics alphabetically stuck on that english And knock it out before we pour that sure shot more rock co.kane flow [MF Doom] From the top of the key, the 3 Villain Been on in the game as long as you can wheelie your Schwinn Turn the corner spinnin, bust that ass and get up Dust off the mask, whoever laugh give him a head up He got jumped, it pumped his adrenaline He said it made him tougher than a bump of raw medicine To write all night long, the hourglass is still slow Flow from Hellborn to free power like LILCo And still owe bills, pay dues forever Slay huge when it comes to who's more cleverer Use to wore a leather goose ski with a fur collar Hand charged a fee for loose leaf words for dollar Ya heard? Holla - broad or dude, we leave food Eat your team for sure, the streets sure seem rude For fam like the Partridges, pardon me for the mix-up Battle for your Atari cartridges or put your kicks up It's a stick up [Dave] Now put your blix up, these Riddick Bowe cuts is swoll like penile flicks, give 'em 20 The danger in his eyes'll let you know he's a brawler Bring your tallest champs like that much taller Ten pounds heavier, one step ahead of it Vocab, stamina, style's all irrelevant Camps and cliques, units, squad crews and clans Even your tongues'll fuck around and leave your mouth [MF Doom] Doom brung that bum, there goes that news van again Act like you knew like Toucan Sam an' 'em He eat rappers like part of a complete breakfast Your rhymes ain't worth the weight of they cheap necklace String 'em up, bring 'em up under whack junk snack And get that out your hand, punk, jump and get your dunk smacked foul, we all know the rules bro You slow, you blow the soup on you fools, his own Boss like Hugo [Posdonus] You go lights, camera, action with no makeup We De La to the death, or at least until we break up Here's a couple of nice guys who finished first So nice try, but the prize is ours dispersed They say the good die young, so I added some bad-ass to my flavor to prolong my life over the drum Everyone cools off from bein hot It's about if you can handle bein cold or not! And we was told to hop on no one's dick by Prince Paul We stayed original ever since y'all First to do a lot of things in the game, but the last to say it No need to place it on a scale to weigh it And don't do it for the plays or to raise the bar Yet it's raised anyway, it's so amazing, are the three L.I. brothers from a other way of thinkin Hey your lady's winkin, I think you need to control that hoe or I can hold her [Dave] The elements are airborne, I smell the success (Yo let's cookie cut the shit and get the gingerbread, man) Sacrifice mics and push drugs to these rappers Puff ponies 'til I turn blue in the lips Sippin broads like 7-Up (ahh) so refreshing I finger pop these verses like first dates  The birthdate's September 2-1, 1-9, 6-8 Too old, to rhyme, too bad, too late The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Babu f/ MF Doom, Sean Price Album: Duck Season Vol. 3 Song: The Unexpected Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] Hmmmmm.. You say the beat grabbed you, then the rhyme stabbed you But can't prove it was my clients Doom and Babu? I rest my case - the witness never showed up They both kept heat on the street and had it sewed up Defense was wise, complete with alibis What the informer told the coroner was a pile of lies Beat the rap in a court of law Free to beat the crap out the snitches while protectin and extortin the poor Expect to expect the unexpected Check for wreck, tons up under or in front of Han detected Thunder for breakfast, sun a hundred sons in under a second Whoever disrespect neck get disconnected Off the record macho steel cage tiger stripe Metal Fang strike a virgin's Macho Libre biker type Rigged for a fake drawer, that's what the paper do Pick more cake score HD pay-per-view It's much safer for you to cry dry tears for years Dun-da-da-dah Villain here, no fears It is what it is 'cept it ain't what it used to be That's news to me choose to be free musically Take it from Doom-Deini the crew meanie Act like you don't know or even if you see me In it for the green zuchini, so we can get a new Beemie for Babu, the 1 and 2's genie [Chorus 2X scratched by DJ Babu] "Don't start none, won't be none"  "Your game, I'm above it, it's combat" "My advice, quit talkin, it's over" - "no doubt"  "You don't know-know-know-know what it's about" [Sean Price] Question~! Nigga.. have you ever heard of Sean? Hell yeah but I prefer my Uncle Murda songs I'm sorta whack like, +Hancock+ movie Shorty dropped to her knees sayin "Hand cock to me" Box of chop suey, flowin through outerspace +Ring the Alarm+ this nigga tryin to Mock-Fu me Pop shots to he, damn that's bad grammar Fuck a senior citizen, bad gramma jammer Rap like a 'Bama ('Bama) sound like pork chops Slapped with the hammer change his diet into full pop Unorthodox socks, knee high, Jason Terry Maverick, stab a chick when chasin fetti My mind on my money (money) money on my mind (mind) This 9 on my waist guaranteed money all the time (time) Whack rappers always argue over faggot shit I argue with Dru about seekin new management [MF Doom] "Duck Season 3" officially in Haters Town Be sure to bring your maters call, and lazer sounds They flied in, migrated, that's why I waited The whole time eye and balls dilated Flier was faded, the date was right though Hoe it ain't nuttin but my hound dog Nitro Go get 'em boy, Villain found some dinners After I finished skinnin 'em y'all can split the innards [Sean Price] Innards, Lynard Skynard - why did I say that? Not to fuck up the ebony flow of said track Head crack, I always throw sixes Return to Ike Turner, I always throw bitches You know the flow vicious - new and improved shit No time for arguin - do what you do bitch I like sneakers and I like bud Catch me smokin right in front of the Flite Club The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Nu-Mark & Pomo f/ MF DOOM Album: Blendcrafters (S) Song: Melody (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: sampled singer starting at 0:20] What good is mel-o-dy? What good is muuu-sic? If it ain't posessin somethin sweet? It ain't the mel-o-dy It ain't the muuu-sic If it ain't posessin somethin sweet [MF DOOM] Jesus the beat is cut in pieces like pizzas When he grab the mic, deez nuts and please squeeze us He told 'em "Hold up" after the punchline Single file rappers with dull rhymes and ugly signs In the ring with the frizzy bear, the grizzly bear He win the thing with an exquisite rare stizzy stare Gimme beer~! I'll show y'all how to do it right When he put the mask on, he screw it tight, get stupid like Troops staring, who could ask ("Uncle Nu!") {"I didn't know that was youuuuuuu!"} [MF DOOM] Dreams - the heat beam is like a laser level Aim it 'til it straighten out, do your best to raise the devil Bass and treble peakin, make sure they even Be fakin more and he break a jaw and teeth then Leavin, creepin, no time for weepin and grievin Keep him breathin, keep him on believing it don't matter... holdin onto to data In the zone zonin ownin microphone chatter Batter, swing {*CRACK*} that's the thing he's known better for Worser than the casualties in the metaphor wars But get your applause, bet them pores Answer me these questions three to get across Who's the boss? What size is them shoes of yours? Who the wrong crew to cross? True or false? Don't look at him, ask ("Uncle Nu!") {"I didn't know that was youuuuuuu!"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gorillaz f/ MF Doom Album: Demon Days Song: November Has Come Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [MF Doom] Slow it down some No split, clown bum Your gold hit sound dumb Older now, crown him Where you found them at? Got around town Could of drowned in it Would of floated, bloated, voted Sugar-coated, loaded hip shooter Draw for the poor Free coffee at the banks Hit through the straw None more for me, thanks That blanks the raw That dank sure stank lit Sank passed the pit for more hardcore prank spit Crank it on blast, roll past Front Street Blew the whole spot like some old ass with skunk meat These kids is too fast, juiced off a junk treat Who could get looser off a crunk or a funk beat? [Hook: Damon Albarn] 2X Something started today Where did it go? What you want it to be? Well you know, November has come When it's gone away [MF Doom] Baha, can you dig it like a spigot? My guess is yes you can like can I kick it wicked Liquor shot if you happy and you know it As you clap your hands to the thick snot of a poet flowin' Grope a pen and I'm in cope hymen Doper rhymin' more worther than the Hope diamond Acquired off the black market A wire tappin' couldn't target a jar of spit The rapid-fire spark lit Zzt, a rapper bug zapper And it don't matter after if they's a thug or dapper Plug your trap or it's maximum exposure The beast got family in numbers askin' 'em for closure Aw, send 'em a gun and tell 'em clean it Then go get the nun who said her son didn't mean it She wore a filled-in thong of Billabong That said "Nah fo'real-a, the Villain on a Gorilla joint?" [Hook: Damon Albarn] 2X Something started today Where did it go? What you want it to be? Well you know, November has come It's gone away [Outro: Damon Albarn] When it's.. When it's gone away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hell Razah f/ MF Doom, Talib Kweli Album: Renaissance Child Song: Project Jazz Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Hell Razah] Renaissance... Razah Rubies... Let's go, tell 'em [Hell Razah] I was born in the era of kings, of heroin dreams Now it be a Maccabee, spreading my wings (spread 'em) I ain't trippin' off material bling I analyze off of Billie Holiday, the queen What was Marvin Gaye thinking when he wrote that theme A Trouble Man, why his pops had a gun his hand, damn Hip hop go to way back then Diddy used to sing doo-wop with two of his friends I seen an oo-wop when I was like ten, excited by sin I got my first gold front from Ben Eighty-nine, I was into Rakim, for dropping gems Most niggas learned a lot from him Grandma used to cook with sounds of Sam Cooke Mid-60's, my moms then moved to Red Hook Same hood Al Capone was put, and got his rep as a crook In them criminal books, we don't look A crack hit I could never forget In '92 Mr. Daily was hit by gun clips You had to pump if you wanted some kicks The best product on the block, it was quicker to flip We had whips, but it wasn't legit I reminisce, Calvin Klein, he was running the shit '76 came a heavenly prince, with one gift To uplift, by the name Charon Smith [Interlude: Hell Razah] Dedicated to Miss Caroline Smith Special love and respect To real true pioneers (yeah), people like Ray Charles (we in here) Barry White, let's get back into the hall of fame, come on [Talib Kweli] Yo, yo, it's like we all just beef and the strengths Son is blind like a boxer that bleed in the ring From a cut opened up above his right eye Body all black and blue, like the Brooklyn nice guy, uh Bobbing and weaving, and dodging the propaganda My raps take it back like shopping at Alexander's My momma had the fly afro, my father cooked for a week and left all us with the casarole We didn't have much, but with a little bit of love Made due with the little bit we had, yo We in a new millennium, Granny still singing Hem Slow Jim Crow's still keep the blacks po' Look we blessed with the power to move people with music It's the natural resources, and we use it to broadcast and transmit live from hell What don't kill you, make you stronger, I'm allowed to tell [Interlude: Hell Razah] Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, man Yo, yo, make sure you write it on the wall Make sure it say, Renaissance Child Talib Kweli, MF Doom, written for the babies Let's go [MF Doom] Vik slick talk, with a cough full of North Of course New York floss, don't know and blew pork Before you walk across, look both ways The third and the fourth of them nowaday old phase Kept a dog on a wooden leg and hustled all night in the fog on the red Even dressed like a bum and could beg Instead use the other on the strength, what a good head Been bred to win, since headspins, ooh them gems Spread too thin, depends on who's losing Heads do spin, it's deaded, now who's in? Revenge all here, enough combined slang to bang all year It's on, like it ain't never been on cordless before Report for lawless, ports is off shore With horses, hanging the tablets, mating with rappers Habits til they hate 'em and had it, damn it And it's gone with the wind, dead wrong A song, with a spin and a grin Out of style, with the blow out for mild mannered smile Like a foul wild Spaniard on the soul out Vaughn, the one you trick-a-don Why stick it, if you gotta slip a snicker on, Viktor Vaughn [Outro: Hell Razah] Yeah, to all the Cadillac riders, and it's on As it was in the beginning, so shall it be in the end All the fathers with the godfathers, hip hop lives forever and ever And ever... this is something you gon' be able to pass down to your babies From generation to generation, that's right, aight? One love... and we out of here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Icon the Mic King & MF DOOM Album: Vomit VLS Song: Substance abuse Types by: Benny414 you know I don't smoke anything don't sniff anything scared of needles I don't even take Tylenol but I'm still on drugs too when you're trying to fill a void instilled by the thrill of choice they're drugs they're drugs when you're drowning amongst the answer like preserve and surf with cancer they're drugs they're drugs when you attempting to get wagon dive in a rift of pavement they're drugs they're drugs your religion is a drug  your invention is a drug her attention is a drug if you listen its my drug they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs Overdosing on over-potent bloody hell marrys and thais a Tabernanthe or what have your back two if you care to decide that running aloof in substance abuse is also something for you because once your a devout addict you promise dozens anew  reasons to lead your life or lead through a streak of strife as long as your up in a pew with your users coming with you that's how drug dealers love it keep the clientele coming cause guys like any other hustlers always try to run with the scheme and agility of any other rustler parallel thoughts of eternal life you and you other revived addicts can call it divine plan and use the bible to back peer pressure cause gods word is right and all of the idle stages profess as the final stages abuse in their primal rages search for high to try new faces Here's a word of advice since ya know that ya right Sniff coke off sermons of Christ and roll the L with bible pages when you're trying to fill a void instilled by the thrill of choice they're drugs they're drugs when you're drowning amongst the answer like preserve and surf with cancer they're drugs they're drugs when you attempting to get wagon dive in a rift of pavement they're drugs they're drugs your religion is a drug  your invention is a drug her attention is a drug if you listen its my drug they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs See the street pharmacist hiding a product in the ??? might allow you a few injections until you hooked then its over The next step is withdrawal of emotion's and bank account if its potent you'll play you out forces motions that make you bounce what ever hatin' you say for the love of it ????? till your veins overload or sniff until your nose explodes you want that monkey inside your back so wear more host and soul No one wants nickels just dimes and smoke with you sometimes and help you see life differently with pcp and dust lines i swear i just saw ??? in that last orgasm maybe she's addicted just watch that whore spasm you come up with excuses and use them to feel unjudged what ever keeps you together yo its still a drug yo i'm not an addict I mean I cant stop using this any time I want plus this stuff its all good for me right? why should i quit? when you're trying to fill a void instilled by the thrill of choice they're drugs they're drugs when you're drowning amongst the answer like preserve and surf with cancer they're drugs they're drugs when you attempting to get wagon dive in a rift of pavement they're drugs they're drugs your religion is a drug  your invention is a drug her attention is a drug if you listen its my drug they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs Drown my pain shoppin for clothes keep thoughts off the here and now eyein the size of my problems when i'm high i can stare them down maneuvering fast and mastering my own domain past the tense of asterisk after this it goes pro-fain losing grip on reality falling up its bottomless trying to find an Islams of the follems dichotomous my problems is the mountain-us the solemnly sounds lets rain on the root of evil cause those problems to drown all hopeless imperial scheme my focus material things auxiliary powered depleted releases the fear of my dreams addict ravaged I, atmos magic I, disgrace n' sadness embracin habits through madness, why This is the weight of the world you try fighting centrifugal force Till the voice in your mentalist force and see how the injury falls we do drugs to see the world the way we wanted them Its the feeling of a millionaire spending a hundred grand when you're trying to fill a void instilled by the thrill of choice they're drugs they're drugs when you're drowning amongst the answer like preserve and surf with cancer they're drugs they're drugs when you attempting to get wagon dive in a rift of pavement they're drugs they're drugs your religion is a drug  your invention is a drug her attention is a drug if you listen its my drug they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs they're drugs Now consider yourself addicted... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jake One f/ MF Doom Album: White Van Music Song: Get 'Er Done Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] Make no mistake son, it's Jake One He makes beats well like I likes my steaks done With sauteed onions and hella worcestershire A gushy beer, to wash it down, douche your ear and clean the crud out your third eye For the return of the word guy who known to make turds fly I had the first fanbase of all hater Hold that from now it's more waste for y'all later The bigger they ball they fall greater in gay skirt The nigga they call for tall paper hit paydirt Say work, and do you one better, show and prove it True MC's flow so lose it or move it With the two bits spit, they sunk him for two cent Whoever writ they shit tell 'em quit it they too bent Cut the losses, it ain't balanced what the cost is in horses Off Saadiq and let 'em know who the boss is {*scratches by Jake One of "get 'er done"*} [MF Doom] And it ain't no dental Only the innate way to groove seem to paint your mental Usin the insane flow stencil He said in plain english ain't payin yo' rent bill But still, the gent was ill With the intent to kill, the set was krill To the full extent of skill, vent the grill Villain make 'em feel like the deal spent a mill' Method for real folks, bet'cha dying dollar Get them to steel choke when they met the iron collar Wrote this oath while pinching a loaf Metal Face rhymesayers mention 'em both Raise your right palm, we do solemnly swear to stack more dough more calmly this year Doom get the cash like cow, cheddar son Have it in a smash like BOW, get 'er done {*scratches by Jake One of "get 'er done"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jake One f/ MF Doom Album: White Van Music Song: Trap Door Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [MF Doom] He moves the crowd like a cursor on Doom No curse words, Doom the worst church nerd verse heard Appeared blurred to a million true believers Here's the supervillain armed dealer to the divas Catch, amongst other world scandals Butter pearl handles to match your girl's sandals Plan was hatched by a pack of old vandals Who flag was a black and gold patch with bloody anvils "Hit 'Em to the Head" was the motto And one more time to make sure them dead, BLAKKO When you throw blows in a knife fight Paco That's how it goes in this +Modern Life+ like +Rocko+ Clock dough 24-7 cycle When it comes to flows he got more than a mic full Pull a broad like a dyke bull on a long bid You're messin with the wrong kids Michael ... it ain't Jack-son For him to flip scripts like camera, action Villain! Grew up by the laws of attraction For future generation's information - the black one ... Move the crowd like a buddha cloud The purple, puff puff pass 'round the circle A jerk well renowned for his work skill He's out, the proof is the computer's down Urkel MC a show via wi-fi And tag rate before we wrap it up like tie-dye Hip-Hop sci-fi you can see hand to eye Or can Tiger do the Mask like the Fry Guy Just met a baby home make dome Check lefts some folks ancestor home wreck With blown backs these lesser known facts thwart evil You got no reason, like short people No offense, the street was burnt brass Whenever he walked on the street it turned glass On his lucky rat's paw in the crap drawer All the world's a stage, where's the trap door, slackjaw Logic, to keep your mind in the project Drop the check, his job is to chop neck That's just payback for nose there's no psych though What they don't know like Bo Won't hurt Diddley squat Got to be kiddin me, not Seriously plot, to put a hit out on the G-spot Gypped like oozin out the kettles in they teapot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ DOOM Album: Jay Stay Paid Song: Fire Wood Drumstix Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [DOOM] Dilla, Dilla, mix, mix, mix Y'all know what it is, villain Dilla, Dilla still the best, ahem, one two, one two, one two.. They scared of this track like a terrorist attack Prepare to get back when he's wearing just black Get a dog, they soft like a peach Rhymes like sand on beach, off the leash, screech Deep wells, spells "Saved By The Bell," L Well behaved and gave 'em hell Walked on gilded splinters and a handstand stalked the crill lit winter Coldest ever, midnight break day like loaves of bread Cleverly way overhead Nicest beat maker east of the equator From the greater good, your hood, to deep theta Take a leap of faith and scrape a heap of eighth Face all chafe, have the whole place strafe, toodle-loo Use your noodle or it'll use you, two for two You oughta wadoo when you cruising through Later than the last 48 post-traumatic stress in a post-hypnotic state Got it? Great These things is not toys Only to be handled be kings whose got poise, not boys You hear me, twerps? Story rings nearly like the McCleary versus the Earps Hey, you want to stay in your genre? Then protest the villain them rendition of "La Bamba" Emcees speaking and they in need of some hohoba All this up in here malik yoba, pro brah Attack the track like a lumberjack - quick Chop it down to size fire wood is drumstix Artist: MA Doom f/ Big Daddy Kane, MF DOOM Album: MA_DOOM: Son of Yvonne Song: Think I Am Typed by: jostmatt at bluewin dot ch (Who you think I am?) [ VERSE 1: Master Ace ] Look fam, you can be the man Got young chicks movin mad grams on Peter Pan I'm not blind, I can see the scam You talk tough, but y'all a bunch of girls like the Cheetah band I'm the leader and you a follower Your gold hollow and your hoe is a swallower She put it down like a report But her box smell like South Street Seaport What a odor, black In fact when I got her in the sack, jack, boy, couldn't hold her back Cause her bottom is thick like a hippopotamus Tramp stamp on her lower back See I know the facts, the hoe filled me in Her best friend is a twin named Lillian I'm goin really in, I'm really goin in Foul, I bust on that towel that you throwin in [ VERSE 2: Big Daddy Kane ] I tried to holler outside when she was gettin out her ride Guess she must got that parking lot Alzheimers Cause now fine is cozy at the bar Guess at that point she ain't know she had a star I can't explain what mighta got into her Cause now your conversation got friendlier Seen me and ran with your devious plan And thinkin you gon' drink all them premium brands It's different when you ain't got to hear no price Cause she was just Nurse Jackie with that Smirnoff Ice Yeah, I caught that, you and that short cat Even saw the brush-off after he bought that What the fuck, he ain't make you drink porter? And as for trickin, them days been over Jedi Mind tricks won't work if you bring Yoda Envisionin champagne? Well shit, think soda [ VERSE 3: MF DOOM ] Big up Ace, I'm glad I had a chance to flow with him Just last summer me and my mans did a show with him In Montreux hit the stage, I'm like, 'Go get 'em' Even had the soulless folks rockin with no rhymthm Marco Polo was on the wheels and on point They did 'Jeep Ass Niguh', I'm like, 'That's the joint!' Some old school heads remembered who was who Brooklyn was in the house, even the newbies knew Before the Masta left the stage he doin the do Blew off the roof with a tribute to Guru First time I met the brother, felt like I knew him forever Too clever, album dedicated to his mother I thought of mine, of the same time we growin up I know they proud of they baby boys, we blowin up Only got one, won't ever forget her Make sure you let her know you love her when you with her Kiss her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MF Grimm Album: Scars & Memories Song: Take Em to War Typed by: GregVersion2@yahoo.com [MF Doom] Ayo, Doom the super motherfucking villain Chilling with my man the Grimm Reaper Letting niggas know, all is fair in motherfucking war Once more, all is fair in World War III So Grimm Reaper, set it [MF Grimm, Verse 1] You want to stare at me, you want to glare at me But I handle all beef, like American meat I react, sneak attack, the gat Grimm packs I click six, the nigs' necks catch wreck, and blow their wigs back Mentally sick, battle rap is a jail pick Blood on my knife, or either shit on my dick yea Battle me and you're all dead, I'm taking niggas out with dreads Blow outs and also bald heads, tracks Straight from the underground dacks Rappers step up or only end up in the stacks Nine years it took, nine years of hitting books Now I'm king of the crooks, making money like I'm Garth Brooks Will I die? Who's to say? My brain is the maze of death, so choose your way Get burnt like a candle, very hard to handle Do miracles in Nikes like Jesus did in sandals It's a fantasy to beat me in fact Mr. Warkentatoo would even have to turn their fucking backs The Grimm Reaper's stats are known to lock up with the best And after I test the best, I guess I'll lock up with the fucking rest A girl battle I do the same Tie the bitch up, and beat her ass like I'm fucking Rick James In the minds of the insane, I'm in the hall of fame Music equal murder, It's the same thing Cause shit ain't never gonna change Fuck it, time to load the clips and we take em to war Niggas wanna flip Then we take em to war Break a nigga proper Then we break em some more Cause shit ain't never gonna change Fuck it, time to load the clips and we take em to war Niggas wanna flip Then we take em to war Break a nigga proper Then we break em some more [Verse 2] Bitch when it's time for me to go, no As far as I'm concerned, I died a long time ago Enter the mind of The Reaper if you dare Man, woman, child, but bring a lot of clothes because you got to stay a while Rappers come in loads, but left dead in piles And floored like tiles, I beat down clowns I wipe off smiles, killed a man for every inch that you can count in a mile The master of disaster, killer of styles I come from the streets, I represent the streets I can never rape a woman, but I'll rape a fucking beat If Donald Goines wrote my life my name would be Kenyatta I don't chose to kill a brother, but to stay alive right now I gotta It can never be harmony because of jealousy Niggas want a piece of me, but my gun disagrees Rappers all you know is talk But when you come from the streets, shit all you know is war And that's all I know, so, that's all you feel at my motherfucking show Punk ass motherfuckers, know why? Die motherfuckers The Grimm Reapers in the motherfucking house The Grimm Reapers in the motherfucking house For the undertakers in this motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Molemen f/ Aesop Rock, MF Doom, Slug Album: Ritual of the Molemen Song: Put Your Quarter Up Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com "Trapped in a deadly video game..." [GZA] 7x "...with just one man" [GZA] [Slug] Put your quarter up I got first (Sluggo) And I'm the type of customer that orders the works Not the same as any, I run the game of plenty I buy my nickels from a dime who goes by the name of Penny The Last Starfighter searching for the Starfucker The drunk parallel parker, thank God for car bumpers Another day, shot in the head and buried While your wifey tries to convince me that she shouldn't have got married From the Galagga bugs to the amateur thugs To the punk rock chicks that can't handle my hugs I'll be standin upon the web, born out of a thought Where the spider makes her bed out of the carcasses she caught Aiyyo she's got that good hair, me I got dandruff She wears a smile, and me I wear handcuffs Yo wait a minute savior, how about a little truth You couldn't save yourself if you had a cape and a phonebooth The roof is on fire, the floor is underwater The fish ignored the bait and ate the bobber And as God hovers up above the highway and the chopper I'm down here writing songs for her daughter (Is that your quarter?) "Trapped in a deadly video game..." [3x] "...with just one man" [Aesop Rock] Put your quarter up, brother My underhanded summerjam escape with a free game in my back pocket The ego and the muddy gear lept clear off the concrete valley To murder silhouettes with a budget that have me bummin cigarettes My soul stuck in a mudpit absorbing anchors With a wash ink water stick and bop great venoms Caught it at the dog door by a sideways phantom With a swift attitude problem Knuckling up with a carbon-based common guarding goblin I'm drowsy Who drifted by the lousy Virgin Mary night light luminants That blew a kiss to sin Witness that count me but just couldn't afford the bounty I'll do the deed myself before the second leaping sheep Even got counted Multiple tasking, drastic unsocialable captain gasping Jake asked me to grate bashing open the plastic backspins Strapped with a plague and a cocktail napkin Wrapped in oragami dragon fashion Flashed in a effort to smash your pattern Better magnanimous To sail a little on this ancient foundation They found na-tions running bases for nickeltips Coordinate the zoning and the speed is trickle drip south I'll skip town once these upright citizens sit down "Trapped in a deadly video game" [MF Doom] Uh, yo I go next, put your quarter up For bets, put your daughter up MF is sure to corrupt Not to be confused with the fake ?fly raw sound? Still the one who used to take your high score down With more rhymes and germs to spit, more carry As I fly through the air like Pitfall Harry Shit y'al fairies take a loss like Swolodon This goes out to man, woman, and child from Robotron Before the end, I save the world like the Fiddler It's no for curling up to Hurl for my bender Like back when you last five member went to ween More likely on like twenty rounds of Centipede If it go fast or slow, no mattering The flow down pat like the whole Acro pattern Those need to learn the technique, take heed note And switch like Spy Hunter when he *psst* to the speedboat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Non Phixion f/ MF Doom Album: The Future Is Now Song: Strange Universe Typed by: raphaelattar@yahoo.co.uk [Ill Bill] I wield the hand of God you get smacked with a talking burning bush Red fiction handbooks, you get ambushed you ain't no damn crook Not just you but your man shook I see it in your fucking face your eyes got bitch twinkles Left with your ears rattled lost the war before the first battle I was standing in outer space hidden by the earth's shadow Return to bring the darkest plague to a nervous pharoah Cursed him out with hebrew shot him with a burning arrow Kinda fucked up they can't identify the type of guy who moves cash Doom passed you with two gats in scooby-doo mask Fucking with us and tear a hole out your space suit The last supper in earth space you shoulda ate food Yo Metal Fingers I think this cat's about to puke [MF Doom] Yo dude, don't even put yourself through it How they do it like if it wasn't shit to it Oh shoot the lady knew it was the butler He cold snuck her, stuck a banana in her muffler But they didn't know who he was She said the flow is so fluid that only one nigger could do it cos He's like the supervisor in her workplace No more breaks violate y'all workspace with smirk face Your bad, he didn't mean to throw y'all concentration Or stay the same with nuff game chase a mason off Aiight savage brought a knife to a gunfight To him who made the length of a sunlight, run flight [Goretex] Egyptian phase for alien occult science and nature We mummify your camp using food stamps to swindle devil's dangers Rhyme like Quakers we take no part in that we righteous Utilising iron maidens for spite cos heads be biting this Blow up your truck your fucked and sew your mouth up We taking this to astral levels blowing your house up Hitting your spouse up communist workshop for earthspots This style of festival is bread or matzah synagogue's incredible I'll smack you with the bass I live a space life Wisdom and steak knifes while you fought Gore was on tour visting grave sites Canaanites to pagan whites angels and dykes Kill a (arrrrhg) strange universe now inflame mics Run up in your fucking lab looking for goodies A hundred tooties decked out in fatass robes and St Vitus hoodies Three man team screaming for vengeance I shed repentence until my last sentence Time to end this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prefuse 73 f/ Aesop Rock, MF Doom Album: Vocal Studies + Uprock Narratives Song: Blacklist Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com *:17 second piano solo* In the beginning it's good.. [Chorus: MF Doom & Aesop Rock] Keep in mind this flow is used for practice Even so still top choice off the tracklist Far as I know we've been blacklist For as long as the earth rotate on a 23 degree axis [MF Doom] I can stop anytime I want to Famous last words that came back to haunt you All your life like permanent dry tears Some cats get it like no bright ideas He caught the reckonin vow Said he couldn't do it without the crowd For crying out loud Even took the time to contaminate the rhyme scene And drop a line before he was out in the time machine A lot of rappers is drama queens Fuddy duddy when it comes to the mic I'm a fiend that's buddy buddy Fuck around and get your title took, cut and dry He doesn't lie even like who and where, what and why?? Hold it like a cube button Buttonfly poom poom Once he leave the room, they be like DOOM, DOOM, DOOM Its no use blessed the design Then the Villain has left the buildin, dressed to the nines Like I'mma do mines and ya'll do ya'lls He stay reppin the game like Lou Rawls The Super MF Villain feel 'em like two balls For the microphone he jonesed like two falls We will see after these scrimmages who falls A lot of ya'll image is reminiscent of Rupaul Gall to brawl and we'll be needing new drawers JAWS the one twos that run through walls [Chorus: MF Doom & Aesop Rock] Keep in mind this flow is used for practice Even so still top choice off the tracklist Far as I know we've been blacklist For as long as the earth rotate on a 23 degree axis [Aesop Rock] All in it together now (Now) Some of the misadventures of a father crop My provider chop's flashin' See, I'm a stop that gut reaction Bound to tackles when a battle runs in circles Like rodeo clowns with paddles Poked in the belly by petty sarcasm Gentlemen, start your laugh tracks Push pins for the lab rat breed All I wanna be is a fat cat sleeping 40 nights (nights) In hopes that when I rise The hacker mass will have seen there's more to life Let's recreate a perfect service rooted in labor lust And a discipline prisoner I don't work a thick antithesis Parallel park your burning prod adjacent To the flagrant iron ego valve Let us study a weaker outlet I bound thieves (I bound thieves) I bound thieves that tap me on the shoulder Asking where's the case's war and how to make it sleep I pointed toward the exact place my sneakers met the creedence Said If I could answer questions (who), I would be relief. Now classify don't got em shook by exposing the skeletons Yeah I sorta stick to a more murky-hurt development Some of these kids are spittin just a bit too delicate a thesis If only--Yeah, but holy jumpin Jesus! I get torn swiftly from a planet while it tilts, twenty-three Look buddy, we've gotta talk God made me a fine instrument of style Zig-zag Zeus fist Don't make me hurl these great bolts blindly until your mood shifts Now here comes forty acres of congruency pistons Equipped with skeleton community systems Aw, it'll be something incredible See, I know the limit (Limit) That's why I do my best to stay quiet Whenever I ain't spittin the gimmick [Chorus: MF Doom & Aesop Rock] Keep in mind this flow is used for practice Even so still top choice off the tracklist Far as I know we've been blacklist For as long as the earth rotate on a 23 degree axis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Quasimoto f/ MF Doom Album: The Further Adventures of Lord Quas Song: Closer Typed by: antdogg_711@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [MF Doom] Physically, mentally, spiritually not nowadays Madvillain get more spins than the power plays These hens served them a tower of praise Wet more Timb's than agua from shower sprays First dropper to the last The same way the super got hits for that ass Put so much heat out on the street He lock his self up and put the beat on repeat Stamp here go a kite to the world It's more nasty than what you write your so called girl Tramp a spade is a spade Spit blades like V playing with grenades He say these black negro's is crazy Hey these wack trees don't even phase me Part of a new way Chrome face 24/7 stay screw face Play home base You'll never come closer to where they want to be Soldiers in the out field With or with out a deal Is it all about the steal You'll never come closer to where they want to be Ask yourself the same question Don't mention it to him or any of his henchmen this flows style in exceptionally it grows wild and splits exponentially [Quasimoto] MF DOOM, QUAS high like sky scrappers Quasimoto gettin more ass than toilet paper Who Astro Black on attack you up on the bozack Know smarts Lightweight Ya bald head like Cojack [Madlib] Kinda like a wild cat out of his habitat Tryin to grab the door mat Close to the combat [Quasimoto] Like willie the Shake Holdin a black cross Ya hat toss [Madlib] Ya'll niggaz on some skinny dip [Quasimoto] Looking at his henny sip Look at little pretty chicks Sucka's tryin to penny flip niggaz looping any shit [Quasimoto] Yo, yo What's the password, curse word, last word Huh It be the fat serve, mass nerve, black bird You'll never come closer to where they want to be Quasimoto down with Madvillian All up on our shit while ya'll nigga's all be killin You'll never come closer to where they want to be [Quasimoto] Always on the up and up Chocolate heat for beat Ya sucka's always fuckin up Who Never fake No Flake Upon flake Cake Break chedda better than ya top ten ahead of ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ MF Doom Album: Right About Now: The Official Sucka Free Mix CD Song: Fly That Knot Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [Intro: Talib Kweli] Yeah, that's what I'm talkin' 'bout Yeah, we on fire We gotta call the fire department Let's go Yo, yo, yo [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] Yo, I know you like that You like that! Yeah, yeah [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] There's an E! True Hollywood Story for the pluckin' it's ripe How cats is stuck in purgatory for life Tryin' to fight the enemy without sight They in the dark swingin' right to left Clingin' to the little bit of light that's left And can't escape the room, you can't escape the tomb You all wear a mask sometimes, I can relate to Doom That make the whole world earthquake, shake, and move The beat create a mood or eat your whole plate of food You can't come close like an order of protection That this is myself in the pack was sort of my intention Slaughter anybody testin' my callin', my profession Anymore questions will born 'em a lesson A demonstration of takin' it all the way home While you stuck at first base and It's like havin' relations without the penetration Basically doin' nathin' You a waste of space and time Always chasin' mine is how you lost your place in line [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] We got that uncut flow that bring the cops out Pay and groan like young Mike and get knocked out [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] Yeah, free the radio population Kweli and Doom the 1-2, the combination Let's go [Verse 2: MF Doom] About time you heard a rhyme flow with Doom and Kweli To catch you with the combo, boom boom, Muhammad Ali Versus Potsy cursin' Yahtzee at the crap table Burstin' caps at a Nazi rap label Oops, a pot of hot tea spilt on the cable Evaporate an ice grill, read the seeds of Aesop fable Children, come sit, gather Face the rapid fire of the super slap shit outta liar The end Villain, the champ tramp Flowin' since they had him holdin' ??? He cleaned his mask with a shoe mitt And a little bit of her blue spit She told him you so stupid Wiped it off, got dressed and left Everybody instigatin', not just the ref We can shoot the fire on the dirt ground Rocks out live with the worst sound First round knock out [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] We got that uncut flow that bring the cops out Pay and groan like young Mike and get knocked out [Hook] I don't know why people try to be live when they not I gotta blow up they spot so I fly that knot [Talib Kweli] Yeah, free the radio population Kweli and Doom the 1-2, the combination Let's go {*DJ cuts Talib Kweli samples*} Artist: Jonathan Toth (from Hoth) f/ MF DOOM Album: Ghostwhirl 12" Song: Ghostwhirl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jonathan Toth] Whew! Just don't know any more Things don't seem... right I'm just kinda floating It's like a ghostwhirl... Welllll, here we are again, just you and me I don't need a friend, maybe two or three That's "Me Myself, and I" - happiness will be awhile until I remember how to freestyle right Man I see bland faces, floating next to me Is this my destiny? Hope not or I might throw up, to lose the recipe Man, I sure can stay inside my head and play dead, like Night of the Living White Dreads who want to be angry, but then seem frightened Sort of reminiscent of Clash of the Teen Titans I used to have a girlfriend, but it was time to go when she was trying to show - how much hate she could still taste from things that happened awhile ago It was wearing thin, but I can be a trifle slow Especially on a tourniquet that should've stymied her flow I never earned her full bliss, it went wrong but my permagrin is quite strong like 500,000 miles long Cry on, because I'm like the swan And if this mic is on I guess I might stay on long enough to write this song Yeah, right! It's hype, get your clothes girl I don't have the time or mood to make your toes curl No more open mics? no sir Ever since you laid the cold hurt, it's a ghost world NEXT, a strict regiment of sets on the bowflex Chromium to mold flesh and wheat grass to show the rest Meditation and some slow stretching Let the mind go to rest when necessary, speaking of which, no sex It's a time to heal, not a time to hate and don't try to keep it real in such a sad state Just be depressed for a sec, and if it ends late be like yey! I made through until the next day The best say, you can't stay in one place too long The rest say, you're gay if you still like those old love songs The test press day is now, I best press play and taste the sound just in case I see a queen and want to checkmate her style And we could just embrace, or ride out But right now, I'm still looking for love inside my hideout It's really nothing to cry about but when I'm out of patience with my mistakes It's like, "God get the Whiteout!" [MF DOOM] What a messy fuss, it happens to the best of us Love/hate to raise the heart rate up to your chest to bust and leave you with just enough stress to cuss Ooh trouble; two's a couple, three's treacherous ... and got you open like the high seas Hoping like deez for the squeeze on live G's ... jive turkeys! They lucky if they survive the depths of hell, it's murky Jerky, come on work with me See how she's twerking the skirt with tits perky A flirt with a smirk that could body you in one shot glance and let 'em rot, I'm like "Not a chance, hot pants!" Run feet, and keep from off front street That sizzle like the blunt heat, with business that's for under sheets Creep on secret missions, peep it or else be in some deep shit, with more fishes to sleep with 