The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Intro Ay yo yo yoyo yoyoyoyo Ay yo yo yoyo yoyoyoyo Ay yo yo yo yo Ay yo Missy I just came out here a hour & twenty five minutes on one of them Gilligan island shits of New York & Virginia Word up!to visit your ass,and you playin' shit like this up in my ears. What the fuck you think you doin' thinkin' I ain't gonna get on this mutha fucka before I bounce. Yo check this out,let me hit you with this real shit real quick Missy. One shot baby just let me do my shit for a minute on your shit. Check it out. Ah hahahah! I continue to disreguard all of ya'lls opinian Ahah!Blast! your whole ass into oblivian,eheaha,makin' New York with virgin-akins. Eheh,this shit be baggin',eheh. If you disagree,Uhah!,before I smoke this,& get a little drunk and a little pissy,when I finish my music Ima make all ya'll mutha fuckas miss me! See who is he,that girl right there who is she? It's Busta Ruhmes and Missy,niggaz when ya come around Missy don't act like a fuckin' sissy. No chicken headz allowed here,no time for the kissy kissy,and when they askin' who is he? I be Busta Ryhmes the pheneminal of get busy,strictly major effected,ya'll niggaz know the drilly,we gettin' money togetha,trackin' stacks and then countin' em Ya'll niggaz stay tuned for the rest of my homegirl Missy's album Word up!Flip Mode is the mutha fuckin' squad! Busta Ryhmes commin' in right here with this quick lil' drop on ya. Ah yo ya'll niggaz stay focussed!Keep ya eyes and ears on this fulfillin' shit,Missy be numba one! Blossumin',like beautiful flowers on ya'll mutha fuckas! Stay Tuned. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeaor' Eliott f/ Lil' Kim Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Hit 'Em Wit' Da Hee Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Uhh Missy, yeah B.I.G. Ha ha, yeah, I like that [Lil' Kim] Uhh, it's the Q to the B to the double E, spittin' lovely And it don't stop, rocks shine through my tank top Where your bank stop, I deposit all the one drops (ha) Think not, excuse me but uh I like to flow Cause this joint knocks harder then Indicot and I be off the wall like the Lox, nightbox filled with Benjamins Me and my girl Misty gettin' pissy up in Bennigans Makin' all of you rappers begin again, like Fennigan Christians repent then sin again, girls wanna be my friend again Lay up in my crib up wit', get up in my linens and While Misdemenor hit notes like Sarafinna, I subpeona you To my funk grooves see, I hit you wit' the huhhh! She wit' ya with the heeeee! [Missy] It wasn't your car that had me all in love with you (you) Cause I've got my own ride and a trunk full of tunes (tunes) I drive through your hood And I hit 'em with chorus I hit 'em with the hee I hit 'em with the I stop 'em with the haaa (I stop 'em with the haaa) Let's drink to you and me, let's drink to you and me Meet me at the bar, heee haaa heee haaa [Missy] It wasn't your money that had me all sprung out (sprung out! sprung out sprung out) Cause I got my own account and my bills in large amount Aye hey hey I drive through your hood chorus I hit 'em with the hee I hit 'em with the I stop 'em with the haaa (I hit 'em wit' the hee, I hit 'em wit' the ha) Let's drink to you and me, let's drink to you and me Meet me at the bar (you can meet me at the bar) [Missy] Long Iced Tea slurp me swiftly, meet me at the bar What's up star? we know who you are Shit, no shit I thought you hadn't noticed The way I roll this Dutch, the way I roll this Dutch Niggaz love my style too much (ha ha) Duck, here comes the shot Bang Bang pllllllrrr! Drop, me and Timbaland like haaa we takin over blocks Like a one billion bitch march I hit em with the heee I hit em with the haaaa I hit em with the hee I hit em with the haa I stop em with the haaa (hee hee ha) I hit em with the heee I hit em with the haaaa I hit em with the hee I hit em with the haa Meet me at the bar (meet me at the bar) Tell me where the party at, where the party at toot toot (You know what I'm sayin', we about to be out like this) Tell me where the party at, tell tell me where the party at toot toot (for the year 2 thou, uh huh me Timberland remember me) Tell me where the party at, tell tell me where the party at toot toot (Lil' Kim, none of ya'll, none of them wanna fuck with us) Tell me where the party at, tell tell me where the party at toot toot (yeah we out nigga) music plays till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Da Brat Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Sock It To Me Do it do it do it do it do it, no! Verse One: Missy (singing) I was lookin for affection So I decided to go, swing that dick in my direction I'll be out of control Let's take it to perfection Just you and me Let's see if you can bring the bring the bring the nasty out of me Nownownow now sock it Chorus: Missy Ooh ahh, sock it to me like you want to I can take it like a pro and you'll know Do it long bro with a back stroke My hormones are jumpin like a disco I be poppin mats like some Crisco. And all you gotta say is that Missy go And when you say it though I want it moved slow Verse Two: Missy I'm at your house around midnight Don't fall asleep It'll just be me me me on a late night creep I'ma show you thangs,that you can't believe Jump in this b-e-beat And won't you sock it to me? Chorus 3X Verse Three: Da Brat Uh why Missy be sockin it to niggaz like Ree-Ree The baddest industry bitches of the century Hit hard like penitentiary did, finally admitted that we the shit, combination on this lethal Poppin patron in the 600 with no see-through hundred with no see through 'cept for the repercussion fuckin with shit Like this we parlay puffin constantly makin niggaz suffer the consequence gotta get these ends bitch House in the Chi with a Caddy in Atlanta with a Benz Niggaz been huffin and puffin but ain't try shit Got cream motherfuckers steady ride quick Besides kid wanna but bust you shouldn't forget ends when you fuckin with me, you jealous cause I live more flushed Me and Missy been livin with the ?Harruss bein ruckast plus? When I'm sellin, never gon stop it, sockin it to niggaz and rockin it, droppin em on the spot, heat up and glock and wreck a shot, knockin you off of your socks Guaranteed platnium watch two of the coldest bitches get hot I be the B-R-A-T, her be Missy  and we some bad bitches who be fuckin it up I'm the B-R-A-T, her be Missy  and we some bad bitches who be fuckin it uuuup The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott (w/ Timbaland) Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (rock the joint) Me I'm supa fly (uh-huh) Supa dupa fly (uh-huh) Supa dupa fly {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh) Me I'm supa fly (uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window Supa dupa fly (uh-huh) Supa dupa fly {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh) Me I'm supa fly (uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window Supa dupa fly (uh-huh) Supa dupa fly {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh) Me I'm supa fly (uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window When the rain hits my window I take and {inhale, cough} me some indo Me and Timbaland, ooh, we sang a jangle We so tight, that you get our styles Tango Sway on dosie-do like you loco {singing} Can we get kinky tonight? Like CoCo, so-so You don't wanna play with my Yo-Yo I smoke my hydro on the dee-low {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (against my window) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (against my window) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (against my window) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (say what?) Yeah.. Beep beep, who got the keys to the Jeep? V-r-rrrrrrrooooom! (uh-huh) I'm drivin to the beach Top down, loud sounds, see my peeps (uhh) Give them pounds, now look who it be (who it be) It be me me me and Timothy (me me!) Look like it's bout to rain, what a shame (uh-huh) I got the Armor-All to shine up the stain Oh Missy, try to maintain Icky-icky-icky-icky-icky-icky-icky.. {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) (uh-huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (say what? uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (uh-huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (yeah) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (uh-huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! I feel the wind Five six seven, eight nine ten Begin, I sit on Hill's like Lauryn Until the rain starts, comin down, pourin Chill, I got my umbrella My finger waves be dazed, they fall like Humpty Chumpy, I break up with him before he dump me To have me yes you lucky {singing} I can't stand the rain! (ha, uhh) {singing} 'gainst my window (uh-huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (against my window) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (what?) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh, uh-huh) {singing} 'gainst my window (uh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (what?) (like that baby) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (can you stand the rain?) (uh-huh, stand the rain) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (what?) (can you stand the rain?) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (can you stand the rain?) (uh-huh, can you stand the rain?) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (what?) {singing} 'gainst my window (uh-huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! {singing} 'gainst my window (huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (hmm..) {singing} 'gainst my window (yo) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (why not, break it down like dat) {singing} 'gainst my window (break it down baby) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh-huh) (yeah like that, uh-huh) {singing} I can't stand the rain! (uh, huh) (uhh.. Misdemeanor) {singing} I can't stand the rain! .. {singing} I can't stand the rain! .. * fades out * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott f/ 702, Magoo Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Beep Me 911 Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net	Corrections: janis@betatesters.com [Timbaland] Say what, say what? Say what, say what? Say what, say what? Missy, bring it in [Missy] Why you played on me? Wasn't I good enough for you? (Wasn't I good enough) All those other girls you've been with Can't do like I do (Do, do) Gave you all my dough When you needed it all the time And if you planning on leavin' me again Then give me a sign (Say what, say what)   [702] 1 - 	Beep me 911 	Or call me on my cell phone 	I'll call you back 	To see what you gon' tell me 	You don't wanna date 	No if's ands or waits 	It's over babe 	Beep me 911 	Or call me on my cell phone 	I'll call you back 	To see what you gon' tell me 	You don't wanna date 	No if's ands or waits 	It's over babe [Missy] Why you cheatin' on me? Can you tell me what I've done I thought you was the one But you just a hit and run  Gave up clubs and parties I put them aside (I stopped going to all the parties) Left me in the dark with no kind of sign (Why don't you give me a sign) Repeat 1 All my friends say I can do better than you (Say what, say what) Maybe they was right Cuz I feel like a fool (Fool, fool) But I can't let you go Until you take some time To tell me why you left me without A God damn sign (Say what, say what) Repeat 1 [Timbaland] Magoo, Magoo [Magoo] Type of nigga' made built to last Look homegirl I pump like gas wind Get ya friend and ya girl and them My sex drive workout like a gym can Was the girl that I used to hit You the girl that I got to quit See the kitty cat Gotta gold it like a light In the night you the freak I'm out wit Don't bite No diggity, who took you out No doubt when I first got down Made the bro' shout Look out, make it live Dip and dive, stayin' alive Shoot me sugar, there it is Now we talkin' square biz I'm leaving you without a reas(on) What I steal, but a kiss What you think, I'm hen pecked? Girl, get yo mind checked Take the time, recollect I just gave you disrespect [Timberland] Ahh Like that? Like that? Beep me 911 baby Uh huh, uh huh Uh huh, uh huh Uh huh, uh huh Uh huh, uh huh Say what? Say what? Misdemeanor, 702 What cha'all gonna do fellas? Don't beep them 911 Don't beep them 911 Don't beep them 911 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliot f/ Timbaland Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: They Don't Wanna Fuck Wit Me Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Missy Damn, he he he Timbaland, we bout to lace em one mo time Uh huh, say what? He he he he, damn he he Timbaland, he he, yeah We bout to lace em one mo time Alright, yeah , ooh Verse 1: Missy The M-I to the S-S They put that on my chest My car's the way that I flex And people say I'm dope as fuck They say I'm just too fly I make em wanna get high They want a piece of this pie But I'm just too damn chill for them No way I flip my shit It feels like a good hit And even if you buy it Nigga, you can't get smokin in this hay Nigga, what you got to say Iza bah bah zah zay Iza zah zah zah zay Verse 2: Timbaland We ridin through your hood (hood) With a dollar dank (dank) And a S-L-K (what), and a 348, what 9 (uh) Two bad niggas, from the big VA(bay-ay) Twelve blunts a day (what) Chillin on the other side of the bay (bay) Who y'all think y'all is (is) Tryin to get with Mis (Mis) You tryin to dis  You think you can beat us, shit (shit) Free them ill 1 to 12 She's in a Benz Free them ill creators Just, I'm a friend, what (what) Verse 3: Missy I come back into my flow My people just don't know They hate the way that I hee They hate the way that I hee-haw Cuz I got too much doe You know my steelo So what you come here fo See, you don't wanna fuck wit me Get it off your chest You know who's the best See, there's no other yes That can get down like Missy So hit you off like this And you be the witness That I'm a sure gets dick Nigga what, nigga what, nigga what, nigga what, a-heh Outro: Missy Hey, yo Timbaland Yo, I'm a just (sue) Dance a little bit You don't mind if I get my boogie on do you? He he, yeah, know what I'm sayin? We don't gotta rhyme through the whole track The track is bangin by its self Know what I'm sayin? Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah They don't want To fuck with me They don't want 5X Ooh, ooh, to fuck with me Wanna fuck with me They don't want 3X Oh, oh, oh, to fuck with me No they don't They don't wanna They don't want No, no, no To fuck with me Missy talking to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Pass Da Blunt Verse One: Bitches I never wanna hang with bitches Since I turn Missy Every bitch I meet be booty lickin My ass they kissin But I feel like they way to picky I use to know a guy name Ricky Oh really? Don't piss me off and Son, better let ya'll know you lucky Cause if I come out buckin The whole world better be duckin Cause I roll with Puffy No Doubt Shit turned out get lucky No matter what you still love me You whack, you buggin Chorus: Pass da blunts on the left hand side Pass da blunts on the left hand side We got the beats You got the beats that make me jump, jump, jump We got the beats You got the beats that make me rocky dodi dum Pass da blunts on the left hand side Pass da blunts on the left hand side I got the rhymes I got the rhymes to make you jump, jump, jump I got the rhymes  I got the rhymes to make you rocky dodi dum Verse Two: Niggas I always keep a good nigga I get him for his figures I A-K-A gold digga See me with him In a jewelry store Buyin glitta Should I not or should I? I'm a get em, I'm a get em Bitches They mad cause I be flossin Yeah this pussy costin Tired and we tossin You know I'm rockin Cause there will be no stoppin All that shit you poppin What that shit you talkin Chorus Timbabland talking: Welcome y'all  To Timbaland and Missy hit factory A lot of people try and sneak in And get the ingredients But I am da man behind the ingredients So please come to me with the recipe baby Verse Three: You see me on the videos And then you want to go and play me on the stereo Mic check 1-2-1-2 Here I go My style is supa dupa fly and yours is so so You see me on the videos And then you want to go and play me on the stereo Mic check 1-2-1-2 Here I go My style is supa dupa fly and yours is so so The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott f/ Ginuwine Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Friendly Skies Missy: Yeah  A little slow jam Kiss me Hold me The weatherman says it's gonna be Cold tonight Whatever man Whatever whatever whatever whatever whatever Whatever man you wanna do I'll be the pilot Don't miss your flight I'm stewardess of the plane Feel the turbulence and maintain Please refrain stay in your seats Until we reach the game I'm stewardess of the plane Feel the turbulence and maintain Please refrain stay in your seats Ginuwine: Take me higher Let's just go for a little Joy Ride Whatever man Whatever whatever whatever whatever Let's stay Buckled up And let's make love Across the friendly skies I'm passenger of this plane I feel the turbulence I maintain I will refrain Stay in my seat Till I reach the game I'm passenger of this plane I feel the turbulence I maintain I will refrain  I stay in my seat I want you (I want you) Baby, I want you (Baby you know I want) I really really wanna (fuck) you Sho nuff wanna (fuck) you I want you  Yes I do (I want you) Baby Baby, I want you (I know you know what I want) I really really wanna (fuck) you I really wanna (fuck) you Sho nuff wanna (fuck) you Sho nuff wanna Is there anything that you want Is there anything that you need Call on me (Ginuwine) Call on me (Ginuwine) Is there anything that you want Is there anything that you crave Call on me (Ginuwine) Cuz I'm a passenger of your plane Yeah Electronic Voice: Missy fly with me Missy fly with me, fly with me Missy drive with me Missy drive with me, drive with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Aaliyah Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Best Friends VERSE 1: My best friend say  She sick of me cryin on the phone  Tellin how the Men are doggin me My best friend say  Don't tell her nothin bout me can you girl  She ain't showin me no sympathy My best friend say  If she was me she'd let you go long long time ago My best friend say My best friend say I'll be there CHORUS: I'll still be there for you In your time of need You can lean on me Come on I'll be there for you I'll be there for you  In your time of need You can lean on me Come on  I'll be there for you VERSE 2: My best friend say  I can stay with her At her house no doubt any time I like My best friend say  Don't let you ruin my life Cuz you don't do for me And you don't act right My best friend say If she was me she would let you go long long time ago My best friend say My best friend say CHORUS (2x) FADE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Don't Be Commin' (In My Face) Verse One: You never know a good thing till I'm gone You spending many, many nights home alone You won't be seing me around your way No, No And if you don't get it together  Baby I can't stay Chorus: Don't be commin' in my face Tryin to tell me you love me You shoulda thought once or twice Sacrifice and make it right It's the thing that you do Make me not love you Go this way and you'll see Get no other love like me Verse Two: You never know I'm for real till I leave And when I pack up my clothes don't be calling me You won't be seing me Anymore  No, no Cause when I'm long, long gone I won't be back in this door Chorus Verse Three: To my east side people to my west side To all my bitches who sat home crying Over these niggas and over these fellows Shake em off like Jello To my east side people to my west side To all my bitches who sat home crying Over these niggas and over these fellows Shake em off like Jello Chorus Verse Four: I used to stick closer to your side then a beeper Till you smoked that cheaper reefer Now you loony as fita, cheddar Don't say a word Yep I got tha word Yeah I heard it from a little bird Now I'm out the door  My four four You don't know? Get your bags and your things take the door Don't take this shit no more When you leave You can leave out the back door Missy Talking: Fucker Stupid niggas Who always think they can play somebody Ya'll know who ya'll are Tryin to run about 3-4-5 women at one time Now you wanna come back all in our faces Tellin me how much you love me and all that bullshit Whatever man  Fuck you Alright, I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Izzy Izzy Ahh Verse One: I pulls up in my strech,I let my homegirls flex my 9-8 close and closer they follow in my Limo,playin' cd's of when I used to HeeeHee totally in my ass cheecks they sweat these beets,for any kinda jeeps,you know how I is,so freakin' hot that I siz,Geewiz,get my clothes taylored  like I'm Liz,Miz,I'm commin' for your ass in a min,seconds or hours Everything I do seem to bloom like flowers,I cruse these beets like I'm  drivin' Eddie Bauer,some of ya'll mc's mad I got the power,I hit you with the Pllllll pmm uhh,take that,niggaz wanna step well um UHH take that,what mmm uh uh take that,yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Chorus: Izzy Izzy ahh zizah zizah zizah hard bitches be talkin' like they all rah rah Blizzy Blizzy blahzah blahzah blahzay none of y'all fools ain't got shit on me *repeat* Verse two: M-A to the G double O my man Moe, smooth like Joe Timberland where you get the doe I'ma get my niggaz niggaz go and get ya hoes flows to come so natural I'ma take a stroll role this high droll I'ma take my ass to Pazzaz and Essoh slow oh down diggy diggy doh Chorus:2x Bridge:(Missy singin') You never heard beets like this before when me and Timberland walk throught the door our style be tighter then before, you like our steelo (repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Misdemeanor Elliott Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Why You Hurt Me Missy Talking: I know there somebody out there who had a nasty nasty friend who wanna go around humping everybody Can I get a hoe? You know what I'm saying? So I'ma talk about this one I had a fewa years ago Verse One: I had a friend named Cutie Tootie Tootie turned tricks to get some Gucci Known as loose bootie Truly, she was a freak in the evenin And if she wasn't teasin, then give me one reason Why she do dat? Always knew dat She was hot as da nectar Hector said he pecked her, direspected her Cause he bang bang swang in his dingalang Broke his back long range And make the ugly bitch sing Chorus: Oooh oooh Why you hurtin me? Tell me why more Oooh oooh Oooh oooh Why you hurtin me? Tell me why more Oooh oooh Verse Two: Cutie Tootie with her sight And if she humped Ralph She humped Bobby, Ricky and Mike Tight, is the way she wore her dresses Has she learned her lesson From all the dick testing Now I'm guessing She's laying in a casket In a yellow basket For a Gucci jacket Daggit, I wish she didn't do those nasty things Cause he made the ugly bitch sing Chorus Verse Three: Tootie didn't know the facts of life Staying up in clinics Loosy bootie made trife Feeling, she got the heeby geebies Quick to give you freebies Underneath the staircase in Brooklyn Neighbors out the window sure was lookin She greasy like chicken I don't give a cotton pick and She can do her thing Cause me and her don't hang The ugly bitch sang Chorus Missy Talking: So you know what? This should be a lesson for anybody who's hanging with someone who's dirty, nasty, stank Once again going around humping everybody Everybody and anybody and anything That's why you make the ugly bitch sing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Misdemeanor Elliott Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: I'm Talkin Verse One: Nigga, waz up? You think you tough, I'm fly shit Has a bitch, dope as fuck Sho nuff I'm guaranteed, no diggities Fight you like the fucking enemies You would think there's fucking ten of me When I'm sending these Blows, blows, hoes want to roll like hydro When I suck Timbaland's bone like you (barking in the background) Fido, I go  Scoop Lil' Kim Me, she, her, them and him Gets high in a tunnel They see my Lexus comin They hear the bass rumblin They come quick, they come quick Like a dick, I make myself sick I'm so motherfuckin bad to the bone Like my titties are full blown Chorus: My style of rappin, my style I'm such such a good rapper, I'm such such a good rapper I give you good and plenty, yeah yeah My styles the bomb diggy, my style My style of rappin I'm such such a good rapper, I'm such a good rapper I give you good and plenty hmmm hmmm My style the bomb diggy Verse Two: I'm calling your cards like Sprint Can't be me, can't see me I'm low like Timb, ladies and gents Dogs, cats and babies Whoever but my style I hope you croak from the rabies Swayze,maybe I call your name Ain't that a fucking shame I'm too high for that I'm great like the dane Mane on main If you decide to put your hands On my fucking light Like the ciggarettes I light You must burn, you better learn From the pro Who rock shows after shows When it rains it pours I hurt like the cold souls My style polishes like nails and toes You know, know Chorus Verse Three: You beg to be put on like cats Nigga know who I am Now you want to sing and dance You want to shake your stanky ass Well I'm sorry Sam God damn, ou ain't family You hounding me, pounding me With the same old story You bore me Lordy have mercy on all these groupies Sorry cutie Why you go and shake your bootie? Cause there's only one Lil' Kim The triple beam, the misdemean Nigga queen, whoomp, we Tag Team So hot we melt like ice cream Without the dick riding Dreams of smoking a California blunt I got the lyrics to make you feel it What you want nigga? I'm talking about my style I am the flyest then RZA now I'm talking about my style Let me tell you about Missy's style Chorus Hey Timbaland be talking more shit And Lil' Kim be talking more shit Da Brat be talking more shit Busta Rhymes be talking more shit 702 talk shit And Aaliyah talk shit Ginuwine be talking more shit And I be talking more shit And Total be talking more shit Maganoo and St. Nick we be talking shit Jimmy talking shit too We out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Midemeanor' Elliott f/ Nicole, Space Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Gettaway Verse One: Close your eyes Visualize Space and I verbalize You chastize But can't stop my enterprise Put your rhymes in a line Put your raps in a stack I'll break you and your singer like Jinga I mean um I spit like knee On you this tight thing Space nine enferno One verbs be frightening And for the sword fights tonight My entourage is in camoflauge Remove your mask Let down your visage But don't slip up  Cause when I was in my ship That's when I get ripped up The whole world  Fuck it G-S-E committee Got your panties shitty Click you sick Callosso with itty bitty Space and Missy Sip my style till your pissy Virgina bitch galactic Chorus: I be writing, writing, writing rhymes everyday Don't you say no more you don't want to battle Said I'm writing rhymes, writing rhymes everyday Don't you say no more you don't want to battle Verse Two: Mama, Daddy, you ain't, ready Act like you know me Fly, as friends be Sizzling, I'm chilling Man, you twisting You sissy, you dis me You wish we was fucking tight Auntie, Papa, Smoke lala Hallah, fala, don't bother to swalla This bottle of remmy, got plenty Of weed So give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, please See's, no one, fly like these Bees from over seas, we scratch our knees Please, little one, please You know my rhymes get tight When I smoke all night (chorus comes in) Chorus Verse Three: We high tech like Timbo's Slap faces of dirty hoes N-Y-M-B-A Dirty combo when we play Swirl like the milky way Deep like my black hole I oppose, to expose Chemical gases up your nose Fade away like ozone Quazars, moves and shit Hey yo Missy, where da clip? I think I need a hit Shitty bees up in da place Wanna be down with whoever Be all up in his face but aint even on the level I pull your wig back  Let of steam like nasty pools That heat be to hot Melt down, now up in pot Count down, 3-2-1, lift off Now over tize, Venus we circlize And mars we tantalize Comatize like Hale-Bopp Smoking trees non stop Then I send a televize from satelite on Nightline Yeah, wouldn't you like to get away To the moon We shine like stars Lock down like metal bars Chorus My style is a one-in-a-million I flow on and on and on My rhymes give you a really good feeling All day long (repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Supa Dupa Fly Song: Missy's Finale Yo, you have come almost to the close of my album but before I go I just wanna thank God for staying with me through my ups and downs and through my whole period of doing this album, I want to thank Timbaland who came up with the beats and all the people who appeared on my album Make it hot, aight, I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Da Real World Song: Beat Biters Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Missy] She's ah......uh uh....bitch Yo...I'ma tell yall straight up and down It's like this for real, it's goin' down like this foreal She's ah....bitch (tell 'em) I'm sick of yall fake Timbaland beat bitin', you know what I'm sayin' I'ma bring it to yall like this By all means necessary You might catch me somewhere stickin' yo baby daddy They say oh "Missy you wack" but yall not ready  Cuz I come back like a smack You hear my gats in yo back (blat-blat-blat) Huh, like spaghetti Half of yall MCs be stinkin' like boobetti So your record label cut you off like confetti They you wanna call Missy and beg me, (who) ooh beg me beg me Dag I'm very scary Burn a whole club down like I was Carrie Give a boy French kiss, he wanna marry See yall jealous tricks, yall cannot stand me  Ooh, that's fine and dandy Hey daddy-daddy Why these chickenheads, ooh they be so petty Hey nah nah nah, you best not test me I keep tellin' you nah you never ready Nah you never ready [CHORUS] Get rowdy Let me hear yall loudly Keep my high niggas 'round me Let me see yall work it and work it till yall can't stand up Get rowdy  Let me hear yall loudly  Keep my high niggas 'round me  Let me see yall work it baby, work work it baby WHAT! [Missy - Verse Two] In the club, I see niggas  They think I'm super fly, they blow me sugahs  so I cut them short like some scissors  they trying to take me home, they give me liquor  YOU KNOW WHO I AM, I'ma bitch  DO YOU KNOW WHAT I MAKE, filthy rich  DO YOU KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS, gotta gat  I THOUGHT YOU WAS A FREAK, never that  You see me on the road, when I stroll  I float through the toll, like whoa (beep beep) you just a silly hoe, this I know  you be at every show, for the dough, hear me now (WHAT) [Repeat CHORUS] [Timbaland] Yo, this is Timbaland Callin' from the Matrix yall And this how we do it Yo Missy, tell 'em how you feel, what [Missy] Beat biter, dope style taker, originator  Or just an imitator  Stealin' our beats like you're the one who made 'em  Timbaland's the teacher and I'm the one who grades 'em  Check the verbatim, F is how we rate 'em  How dare you make 'em, jus like we made 'em  And I wont play 'em, and I won't say 'em Save this for later, so I can tell you straighter [Repeat CHORUS] [Missy] Now see this one right here (ooh) This is for everybody (ooh)  This is for my people east (ooh) east, west, south  East (ooh) west, south (ooh) But you know what before I get up on outta here (ooh)  I gotta say one thing to yall beat biters (ooh)  It's 'bout to be the year 2000 (ooh) you know what I'm sayin' And I'm kinda sick of that (kack kack kack kack ficky boom ficky boom) That (kack kack kack kack ficky boom ficky boom) That (kack kack kack kack ficky boom ficky boom) That (kack kack kack kack ficky boom ficky boom) On everything yall gotta come up with  Yall own creativity, yall own originality, yall own style  You know what I'm sayin'  Heh, you gonna be left behind this time  Aight ain't no love lost  All need you to do is stop BEAT BITIN'! [Timbaland] That was Missy Now this is Timbaland signin' off from the Matrix You heard that Shh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Eminem Album: Da Real World Song: Busa Rhyme Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Slim Shady (4X) [Eminem] Well I do pop pills, I keep my tube socks filled and pop the same shit that got Tupac killed Spit game to these hoes, like a soap opera episode and punch a bitch in the nose, til her whole face explodes There's three things I hate: girls, women and bitches I'm that vicious to walk up, and drop-kick midgets They call me Boogie Night, the stalker that walks awkward Stick figure, with a dick bigger than Mark Wahlberg Comin through the airport, sluggish, walkin on crutches Hit a fuckin [*pregnant chick*] in her [*stomach*] with luggage It's like a dream I can't snap out, I black out, and back out I'm lookin for someone "of" to beat the crap "out" I'm bringin you rap singers two middle fingers I flip you off in French, then translate in English Then I'ma vanish off the face of the planet and come back speakin so much Spanish, Pun can't even understand it [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] Yeah [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady [Shady] Yeah [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] Yeah [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..  [Eminem] I had a huge attitude, started off staticky Mad at you, had you mad at me automatically (one more time) I'm not a commodity, I'm an oddity who oddly enough developed himself a Halloween following It's so big, if I counted up all the freaks who follow me I'd probably owe Ozzy Osbourne an apology College girls, live in an alcoholic's world full of earl, head twirls every time the toilet swirls *flush* Covered in throw-up, and I refuse to grow up I won't budge, I still tell a grown-up to shut up (SHUT UP!) I made this rap game suspenseful, cause now I got a impulse to give you insults wrote with a pencil (bitch) and waste the paper on you, choppin down the oakwood Cause everything that you wrote in your notebook was no good And as long as I stay in the studio and keep cuttin You motherfuckers are puttin your words together for nuttin [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] What's the deal? [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim motherfuckin Shady [Shady] Yeah.. who? [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy .. Slim Shady [Shady] What's the deal? [Missy] Won't you busa rhyme for me boy ..  [Missy] Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily What you want what you got is it hot? (Is it hot?) Turn the music up, we gon' wake the neighbors We gon' get high, we gon' roll to Vegas Me and Slim Shady, on some shit daily What you want (yo) what you want (yo) ahh uhh yo 	"A person from another planet might disagree with you" 	"Well if you want my opinion, it comes from right here on Earth" [Eminem] Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor.. Timbaland.. Slim Shady.. Misdemeanor.. I'm homicidal, and suicidal with no friends Holdin a gun with no handle, just a barrel at both ends Sprayin tecs at you until you see your fuckin legs with the bullet holes and the exit wounds layin next to you (AHH!) Fuckin mad dog, foamin at the mouth Fuck mouth, my whole house, is foamin at the couch Jumped out of the 93rd floor of a building and shot every window out on the way down to the ground (KEEP FILMING!) Woke up to a hospital staff, got up and laughed, chopped em in half Suffocated the oxygen mask Shit if I get any higher, I'ma get the East and West beefin again Slide back to Detroit and stand in the crossfire [Missy] Y'all better call the police 'fore I kill this track Don't shoot Missy!!! Get back Uhh, I'ma put you all in the line Uhh, and I'ma watch you MC's die Yo mommy, mommy, Missy done lost her mind! I think somebody done pissed her off this time! Yo, I'ma have to bust you through your chest and uhh, you will have to clean up the mess (uh-huh) It's rainin rainin and it's pourin loud Never fear, cause pissy Missy's through the crowd Uhh, I hear the gats go cha-pow Who shot me damnit? Bitch get down Don't walk when I talk, I never talk when I smile (uh-huh) Lay em on down, like they lived underground (uh) For the sound, that me and, Timbaland, we found Get your ass, kicked later, or get your ass, kicked now Uhh.. one-two Misdemeanor, Slim Shady Timbaland, motherfucker Uhh uhh uhh Cool, cool, cool Triple zero The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Big Boi (OutKast), Nicole Album: Da Real World Song: All N My Grill Typed by: magoousher@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com Uh, hit me [Missy] Don't explain, you never change Same old thing, same old game Say ya want to be wit' me But show me my ring Baby, let me think I been in the cold The story untold, about to unfold How do you expect me To ever believe you want be wit' me [Missy] (Nicole) Why you all in my grill (Why you all in) Can you pay my bills (Can you pay my bills) Let me know if you will (Let me know, know) Cuz a chick gotta live (A chick like me, I got to live) [Missy] Talk is talk, and talk is cheap Tell it to her, don't say it to me Cuz I know I'm in control See Trix are for kids, and boo I'm too old Go 'head, with your games Don't ever come back to me again Where you go, remember me I'm the best thing in history [Missy] (Nicole) Why you all in my grill (Why, why, why) Can you pay my bills (Can you pay my bills) Let me know if you will (Let me know boy, boy) Cuz a chick gotta live (A chick got to live, ooh yeah) [Missy] (Nicole) Third time (Third time) I moved you in, took you back In my life (I was a fool) I don't know what's wrong with me Third time (Third time) I moved you in, took you back in my life (oh yeah, yeah) [Missy] (Nicole) Why you all in my grill (All in my grill) Can you pay my bills (Can you pay my bills, yeah) Let me know if you will (Let me know if you will) Cuz a chick gotta live (oh, yeah) Why you all in my grill  Can you pay my bills (Ooh, pay my bills) Let me know if you will (Let me know, let me know baby, baby) Cuz a chick gotta live (A chick like me, I got to live) [Missy] If you want me, where's my dough? Give me money, buy me clothes No need for talking, have my dough Where's my money? Where's my clothes? If you want me, where's my dough? Give me money, buy me clothes No need for talking, have my dough?  Where's my money? Where's my clothes? [Big Boi] Aight, uh Why you all in my grill? I'm thinkin' it's time to chill Yeah, but you on a drill, though I couldn't even step out the baby blue Bonneville Cuz you be tryin' to kill my hoe, my girlfriend And people around me is tellin' me that you's a stalker Like Darth Vader takes a Skywalker I told you I was the street talker It ain't my fault you dirty your Victoria's Secret's And your Frederick's You wanted the Waldorf Astoria But instead I took you to Cedrick's, to entertain you To give you to the "G", and never claim you Me and Missy, we get it straight pissin' Oh yeah, we puffin' on one of them thangs too You blamin' who? You namin' who? I know you ain't bringin' that lame crew Big Boi, they the phat sacks She pretty D, all they same, boo But I'm backed by the Dungeon Family So you can go 'head wit' all that stabbin' me Cuz I will jab thee, and slam thee And Bobby Boochet yo' ass, G  Yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliot f/ Redman Album: Da Real World Song: Dangerous Mouths Typed by: obrandon_@hotmail.com [Missy] Uhh, 3000 baby, uh huh, ooh, raunchy, raunchy [Redman] Good riddance, to niggas and bitches bullshittin I house MC's like baths and full kitchens, ready or not Doc,hood lynchin, icey flows, I wrtie with wool mittens Its two not one, Missy dot dot com, come once in the blue like free hot lunch So once its on, turn it up, chickens flockin in Shoppin at birds are us, murderous, don't blame me, blame the music I write with napalms in my hands, flame the fuses, like ca psss, off you go I'm nice battin, I practice when the park is closed I'm that man who squats out of jeeps and vans Jump to roof to roof on the TV cam, I fuck a model I go out with the cheapest tramps, pussy have me trippin Like Kima, Keisha and Pam, I remain cool like, like open hous on a school night Animal House gettin thrown out for food fights, PPP strictly don't give a fuck An Brick City niggas strictly don't give a fuck [Missy] Let me intervene, come between, like dick through your jeans Hang down to your knees, its mwa the don-wan, carry on, D.A.N to the danger Y'all MC's in a whole lot of danger, change up all your rhymes you need beats My beats you see completely unique, forgive thee See its the shots of Henessey thats in me, Reggie Noble through after me [Redman] It takes two to tingle, and two to fuck I done fucked in Range Roves to Isuzu trucks,used to move weight Now you makin moves to duck, built solid without bolts, screws and nuts Pussy tight jiffy lube it up, Doc came up, hoes use to hang up Now my arm close hang up, my crew is deeper than Karl Kani pockets We don't buy bullets, we ask what size rockets, for thee occasion One shot will have you ravin', like Symone when the four four is blown Two minutes later I'll make it hotter, snap you from the vine To my um blada a boom glada [Missy and Redman] So what you wanna do, what you wanna do [Redman]  Yo I got the chicken, the brew taken next, an much room Def Squad in the house Drop you drawers, tell your boyfriend ease up, and park his car [Missy] I'm from the south you better watch your mouth, Its the M.I The S.I, if you try then you die, I don't take no mercy on you suckers so Would you still be in love baby, if I cut your throat, cut the jokes I ain't got no love for yo, no friends with those, who imitate me ya bold My style I own, I'ma have to steal your flow, you know me Joe I gotta say no more, BITCH! Thats right nigga, Its Misdemeanor here, Redman, Timbaland uhh Muthafucka! 3 triple zero, the Matrix baby, uhh, I'm out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Mo Album: Da Real World Song: Hot Boyz Typed by: magoousher@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Missy] This is for my ghetto motherfuckers Uh hey, are you really a hot boy? Oh, check me [Missy] What’s your name, cause I’m impressed Can you treat me good, I won’t settle for less You a hot boy, a rock boy A fun toy, tote a glock boy Where you live, is it by yourself Can I move wit’ you, do you need some help I cook boy, I’ll give you more I’mma fly girl, and I like those [Missy] Hot boyz Baby you got what I want See cuz y'all be drivin’ Lexus jeeps And the Benz jeeps, and the Lincoln jeeps Nothin’ cheaper, got them Platinum Visa's  Hot boyz  Baby you got what I want See cuz y'all be drivin’ Jaguars And the Bentley’s, and the Rolls Royce Playin’ hardballs wit’ them Platinum Visa's [Lil' Mo] Is that your car, the SK-8 Are you riding alone, can I be your date Come get me, gimmie, don’t dis me, don’t trick me Got some friends, can they come too Can you hook them up wit’ some boyz like you A hot boy, a rock boy, on top boy And I like those [Missy & Lil' Mo] Hot boyz Baby you got what I want See cuz y'all be drivin’ Lexus jeeps And the Benz jeeps, and the Lincoln jeeps Nothin’ cheaper, wit' them Platinum Visa's  Hot boyz  Baby you got what I want See cuz y'all be drivin’ Jaguars And the Bentley’s, and the Rolls Royce Playin’ hardball wit’ them Platinum Visa's [Missy] Yo, I’mma dig in yo' pockets Dig in yo' wallets Is there money unfounded Yeah, you got my heart poundin’ You a hot boy, drive a drop boy  With alot boy, and you tote a glock boy Give me no reason, I know that you treatin’ These diamonds I’m needin’, make you believe it I want alot boy, with a hot boy Got a fun toy and you tote a glock boy [Missy] (Lil' Mo) Hot boy Baby you got what I want Won’t you really come and satisfy me I be lovin’ you like endlessly (Everyday all day) Hot boy Baby you got what I want Won’t you really come and satisfy me I be lovin’ you like endlessly (Oh, yes I will) [Missy] Where the Lexus jeeps, and the Benz jeeps And the Lincoln jeeps, and the Bentley’s And the Jaguars, and the fly cars Where you at? Where your Lexus jeeps, and the Benz jeeps And the Lincoln jeeps, and the Bentley’s And the Jaguars, and the fly cars  Where you at? [Lil' Mo'] Yeah yeah, yeah yeah Hot boyz, hot boyz (I'm out) Hot boyz, I like ‘em like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Mo Album: Da Real World Song: You Don't Know Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Missy] Now see, the one thing I like about the niggas Is that they can fess up to one of they boys That they been sleepin’ wit’ the same chick, and laugh about it But see, a woman, could never admit to another woman That she been sleepin’ wit’ her man Cuz if that ever happened to me I would call your house and be like, yo  Don’t you gotta man Why you fuckin’ wit’ mine See, I been through bad times Get yo' mind off mines You must be lonely Why you messin’ wit’ me But it won’t be easy To get my baby 	[Missy & Lil' Mo] 1 - 	You don’t know who you messin’ with 	Most of them leave with they car doors bent 	I’m so pissed, you gon’ make me flip 	I’mma teach you not to touch my shit Above While: [Missy]	Hello? [Mo]	Hello? [Missy]	Who dis? [Mo]	It's Mo' [Missy]	For Real? [Mo]	Hello? [Lil’ Mo] I be callin’ his house, when you’re not around Don’t make me warn you, you know how I get down, down Somebody told me, but I ain’t trippin’ off you, no If you were doing your thang, he'd still be wit’ you Repeat 1 while: [Mo]	Hello? [Missy]	You know who this is bitch, heh, yeah [Mo]	Yo, who dis for real, man, hello? [Missy]	You know who it is 	[Lil' Mo] 2 - 	I can’t believe you would ever do that 	Can’t you show me some respect 	Is it cuz you jus’ a reject 	Gotta keep your ass in check Repeat above While: [Mo]	Hello? [Missy]	Hello? [Mo]	What [Missy]	Yo who dis for real, man [Mo]	Yo, this is Mo', this is Mo' [Missy]	You playin' a little bit too much, you knowumsayin'? [Mo]	Yo, this ain't no game 	This is not a game [Missy]	Oh, ok [Mo]	Yeah, what? [Missy]	You on some real bullshit now 	You know, you know what? 	Why don't you just come to my house, bitch, you know? [Mo]	Yeah, I come through, yo, where you live at? [Missy]	Ask your nigga where I stay at [Mo]	Please, he ain't got nutin' to do with this [Missy]	He know [Mo]	He ain't got nutin' to do with this [Missy]	He know 	Ask him where I live at, aight? [Mo]	You on that same stuff you was on last year 	When I hadda come through there last year, what 	And I'd do it again, cuz I want, I, I got comin' [Missy]	You ain't keepin nutin' in check 	And keep him from around my house, bitch [Mo]	Please, I'mma beat that ass, you know I will [Missy] You don’t know who you messin’ with Most of them leave with their car doors bent Blow out you like I'mma air vent I’ma teach you not to touch my shit Repeat above while: [Missy]	Hello? [Mo] 	Trick, you know who this is, dont' front [Missy]	Yeah, I'mma teach you not to touch my shit [Missy] (Timbaland) You done took it too far (Uh oh) I’mma hop in my car and I’mma you up bitch You done took it too far (Uh oh) I’mma hop in my car and I’mma you up bitch  You done took it too far (Uh oh) I’mma hop in my car and I’mma you up bitch You done took it too far (Uh oh) [Lil’ Mo] Cuz I’m that chick yo, that same chick But I ain't wit’ playin’ that game shit Start callin’ that name shit And I’ma get on that same shit That new shit, that call your crew shit That what you wanna do shit That boy is yours, keep that nigga Beat my ass? Prove it [Missy] You been suckin’ his dick Tastin’ my clit Just a side chick, on the side bitch I’m the prize bitch, keep it silent Don’t make me violent You be dialin’ 911 to tell the family [Lil’ Mo] Around yo’ crew, you’s a bad bitch Yo ass be talkin’ mad ish Toe to toe shoot the five  Girl you get yo ass kicked What you think I'm gaming? Shit is real, I aint playin’ (No more "Have My Baby")  Yo, I got yo' moms prayin’ [Missy] It’s gonna get risky Fuck wit’ Missy I’mma shoot you where your ribs be So you can feel me Ain’t it real B? And you filthy and you mildy Not appealin’, drum roll [Timbaland] Uh oh, heh heh heh You done done it now Uh oh, you done done it now She’s mad, what She’s mad,  I’mma let them two girls fight While I’m out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliot f/ Lady Saw Album: Da Real World Song: Mr. D.J Typed by: wyney@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Lady Saw] It's all about (yo)  Lady Saw and Missy (can you feel me) An the next thing is about (yo) The big bashing party (can you feel me, what?)  I'm feelin you Timbaland, I'm feelin you (yo) Yo (can you feel me, what?) And we wind up when we a listen dis now, check, AY [Missy] There's a party I'm up in the club and I'm drinking I'm drunk off the Alize As I hear the record spins it seems to take over me So I move side to side an it's something inside that controls me As I walk to the D.J and I say 1- Mr. D.J., spin it one more time We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times Move your feet with me, move your hands with me See how easy it's gon' be for you and me, you see 2- Mr. D.J., spin it one more time We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times Move your feet with me, move your hands with me See how easy its gon' be for you.. [Missy] You say your a baller Cause you up in the club, fakin like you got dough, with your dollars To my peoples with me money let me hear you holler We're gonna party like no other party, don't stop til the morning but before I go this is what I say Repeat 1, then 2 Bridge - M.I.S.S.Y, Y.S.S.I.M, M.I.S.S.Y, M.I.S.S.Y, Y.S.S.I.M [Lady Saw] Mr. D.J play that one more time,  so me and missy elliot can move we waistline,  yo, tell the guys don't waste we time,  cause we under the ganja plus the red wine yo,  there a party over here and say its phat you know,  let go me hand so me can look for man ya now,  you see me face and me know that me red ya know,  buy all the bar cause me friend them rich ya know,  know, know, uh what me say yo yo,  we'll be dancing until tomorrow,  no other party is slammin you wan go,  sweating and wetting like me in a me sauno,  fit like me just done a dance with me tae-bo,  bo, bo, uh! What me say, me say yo,  tell the D.J. fe play an no better stop,  spin it again rewind from the top,  Misdemeanor the Saw plus the Elli-ott  when we drop ya know that's uh road  block, block, block, ya can't block,  road block, block, a road block,  ya don't know its all about Missy Elliot,  ya wan star ever thing is ever thing, SEEN? Its a party, and ya da'no its all about weight.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Kim Album: Da Real World Song: Checkin' For You Typed by: lolly_dandc@yahoo.com *Street noise in the background* [Lil' Kim - Talking] See it's two types of bitches in the world You gotta broke bitch, you gotta rich bitch That would explain what I am And what my girl Missy is We da rich motherfuckin' BITCHES! That's right Then you got a bitch like me Who just stand above all bitches That excludes my girl Missy, Mary You know what I'm saying But ya'll know what the fuck I mean I'm the Queen Bee-itch That's right motherfucker what? Ya'll gotta problem wit' it come see me A motherfucker ain't taking my title Or my girl Missy title or my girl Mary title What, that's right you see Only bitches like us are allowed to play a game a chess A real queen needs a king You damn motherfuckin' I don't nigga laying under me That I can't do for me what I can't do for my motherfuckin' self So when ya'll see me in the street This is what I want ya'll to do *Beat starts* Fix your lips, put 'em together nicely and say Say it along, say it along now Say "She's a BITCH!!!!" [Missy - Singing] I was walkin' real slow to the dancefloor He was lookin' at my ass and I turned him up I see him talkin' to his boy on his cellaphone I looked at him and all he could say was "Damn baby, bring it on" I talk shit but I come thru like a storm I keep my piece so sweet yeah nice and warm And all he could feel was this "Love baby" [Missy - Singing Faster] I don't give a fuck About what they think What they say They can call me a freak Call me anything they wanna name I don't give a, I don't give a I just wanna take him home Take him to the house And turn 'em him He ain't checkin' for you I don't give a fuck About what they think What they say They can call me a freak Call me anything they wanna name I don't give a, I don't give a I just wanna take him home Take him to the house And turn 'em him He ain't checkin' for you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Aaliyah, Da Brat Album: Da Real World Song: Stickin' Chickens Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Missy (Aaliyah)] Uh uh (yea yea) Uh uh (yea yea) 99 uh uh (yea yea) what you got boo) [Aaliyah (Missy) - Verse One] I was in love wit' you (yea) And you couldn't do no wrong in my eyes When I found out the scoop on you (yea) It was still too hard for me to realize That I needed to be through' wit you (yea) Cuz you're the reason I can't eat or sleep (yea) All the girls you runnin' through (yea) Used to be best friends, down wit' me [CHORUS] When I'm gone, you're alone You stickin' them chickens ‘til I get home When I'm home, you're wit' me Kissin' on my ass, tryna be wit' me Well it's done, this I know Seen it for myself, I'ma let you know You don't play, games wit' me But before I go, betta leave my dough [Missy - Verse Two] I'ma fool for you (yea) But you seem to think my love's a joke (it aint a joke boo) I get no love from you (yea) Like all these times I did before I think I'll pass on you (yea) Because of the way you been actin' lately I get no cash from you (yea) If you want me to stay, you must be cra-crazy [Repeat CHORUS] [CHORUS TWO] Dedication It was jus a bad relation (yes it was, yes it was) When I think it cuts my insides The tears, they fall deep down from my eyes (repeat) [Bridge - Aaliyah & Missy ] Doo doo doo, doo doo doo Doo doo doo doo Doo doo doo doo Doo doo doo, doo doo doo (wha say what, uh uh uh) Doo doo doo, doo doo doo Doo doo doo doo Doo doo doo doo (Da Brat) [Da Brat] I want it al' from the motherfuckin' house, down to the dogs  You trickin' off with these chickens, I thought you ain't have no flaws  Keep yo dick in they jaws, Peter shoulda stayed in his draws  Now I'm out the door and you cant claim me no more  The loss is yours  How you gonna slumber wit' a bitch I'm supposed to be cool wit' Went to grade school wit', couldn't pay me to believe you hit it  To think I footed all the bills and now you breakin ‘ Stop accusin' me of that dumb shit I don't even participate in  You wasted my valuable time there's money to make  Scared to set foot in another relationship cuz of the heartache  Heartbreak Hotel no not Faith, Kelly, and Whitney, no it's Brat, Aaliyah and  Missy You miss me cuz we finished I'll just keep the keys to the 20 inch rim ride with the TVs in it  You don't need it, beat it, it's mine Kiss my ass like your heart was in it (stupid ass) Keep stickin' them chickens  Send Peter straight to the clinic nigga [Missy] See I'ma give you your props tho You like a bad ass motherfucker Runnin' two bitches at one time When I'm flyin' out, she flyin' in Sayin' the same shit, spittin' the same game Who the fuck you think I am Willy Limpdick or somebody, forget you man That's why us bitches gonna stick together Bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Da Real World Song: Smooth Chick Typed by: Cheepsk8te@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com Party Time (Uh uh) Uh (Say what?) Uh huh (Yo) Uh (Say what) Uh huh, uh huh Uh Uh (What) Uh huh (One more) Uh (Yo, yo bring it to me) Come here baby, let me blow your mind I'mma spit shine like turpentine I love niggas, all different kinds I'mma show you all how to work the spine If you a playa then you sure ain't mine I'mma cut you off like circumcise I'm a real chick and it no surprise If you dialin' me then you must realize 1 - 	I'm a smooth chick, I'm a cool chick 	I got gats but don't make me use it 	I'm quick to lose it, I'm 'bout to do it 	Shake my ass down to the music 	I'm a smooth chick, I'm a cool chick 	I got gats but don't make me use it 	I'm quick to lose it, I'm 'bout to do it 	I'mma shake my ass down to the music Come on baby let's do the bump Keep drinking up 'til you get me drunk Don't front, smoke a pound of funk Something real quick like uuuh, uuuh Got tens in the back of the jeep  If you got a friend and he all on me Could it be he's a fan of me? Or could it be he see that I'm Missy? Repeat 1 Eh baby, why you trippin' for? Cause I'm on top and you're down below You want me or you want my dough? Cause if it's my dough, then you hit the do' Eh yo boo, I think you know That I got gats and they crack the floor Missy take shit no more So all that talk is no, no, no Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Music Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Music Yo Misdemeanor, uh Timothy, uh And Aaliya uh Motherfucker now, uh Ginuwine, uh Maganoo, uh Drop, play it One two, motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Da Real World Song: We Did It Typed by: janis@betatesters.com We made love, now you gone Now you don't wanna claim me no more Told your boys, you never knew You never kissed or held me in your arms How dare you even leave Me looking like I'm lying on you When you said it's all about me I believe it cuz you made believe 1 - 	If you did it, then you did it 	Boy, you don't have to lie 	Once you hit, then you hit it 	I'm no chick on the side 	Just forget it, gon' omit it 	Don't you, don't you dare try 	You done hit it, you done hit it  	More than, more than two times Repeat 1 You changed your phone, won't call me back Now I can't even get in touch with you See how you do, I never knew  That you would deny this love I'm servin' you That ain't cool, I'm hatin' you Because you was the first to make the move Now you say you never knew You make your boys think that I'm some crazy fool Repeat 1 Repeat 1 You know we did it, yep we did it boy Why must you lie? I drove your whip, you picked me up You told me, meet you outside We had some blunts like what the.. Gettin' high in your ride Getting mushy, want some pussy Get your biggest supply Yeah, we did it, you was with it That was all on your mind  Then you hit it, can't admit it  Then you wastin' my time I won't forget it, need to quit it  Put it all behind Why you did it, why you did it If you gon' have to lie Bone me, phony Sex me then you disown me  Homies told me  This is how all dogs will be Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Yeah, yeah More than two times Uh, chicky chicky, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Da Real World Song: She's A Bitch Typed by: OZx666xPFX@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com To the M-I prrrrrrrr, cat like a semi Nigga stole my car, why'nt you get my Give yo' ass a black eye Oh, say bye-bye I'mma give your body to the sky Run through your clique Nigga, you pissed on trip I'mma have to bust you in your lips And the whips better have a whole lotta chips Cuz I ain't for no nigga givin' tips She's a bitch When you say my name Talk mo' junk but won't look my way She's a bitch See I got more cheese So back on up while I roll up my sleeves 1 - 	She's a bitch 	You can't see me, Joe 	Get on down while I shoot my flow 	She's a bitch 	When I do my thing 	Got the place on fire, burn it down to flame Roll up in my car, don't stop, won't stop I'mma keep in rockin' til the clock don't tock I'mma keep it hot, light my ass on fire I'mma grab a philly, go and roll it at the bar Whatcha talk? Whatcha say? Huh? Gotta flow, gotta move it slow, huh? Better you runnin' out the door, huh? You gon' be a long lost soul, whacha say? Yippe yi yo, yippe yi yi yay Put me on stage, watchin' niggas feel me Put my shit on wax, watch it blaze like May Go yippe yi yo yippe yi yi yay 55, 65, hike 75, 85, test the mic 95, Missy wild for the night 105, I'mma keep the crowd hyped 2 - 	She's a bitch 	When they say my name 	Talk mo' junk but won't look my way 	She's a bitch 	See I got mo' cheese 	Back on up while I roll up my sleeve She's a What? What? What? What?  What? What? What? What? Whatchu know about Timothy, lemme know Eat an MC like Cease, lemme know If he get drunk lean on me, lemme know I'm about to bust like pee, feel me now Anybody know my skills, what the deal Anybody feel my skills, it's the real Anybody wanna come fuck wit us still Anybody gotta get the hoe by they pill Repeat 2 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ B.G., Juvenile Album: Da Real World Song: U Can't Resist Typed by: AMJCB@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Baby] Uh, what's happenin? What Uptown, New Orleans in this bitch with VA, you understand?  With this hot girl, Missy  Fuckin with these Uptown Guerillas, you dig? If it don't make dollars, it don't make sense Do yo' thing girl [Missy] Y'all don't wanna gimme my props?  I'mma have to lick two shots on my glock Pop-pop the enemy 'till he drop Make his whole body go hibbie-to-the-hop  Well I won't stop 'till I get up to the top Gotta blow any other state off the block And I got a whole lotta chedda in my pock's You better gimmie giimme five mics, gimme props Say you sick of my clique and my shit 'Cause I got a whole lotta hits and no tricks Just a bass line, few snares, few kicks Make the whole industry wanna go and bit I say you sit, we sit, I sit While I go shit on a mix like this Say you spit, I spit, we spit But you can't fuck with a nigga like this  Check me out 1 - 	Hatin' on us but ya can't resist 	If you come hard, better come legit 	We gon' talk shit 'cause we confident 	If you think not, then you bound to sit  	Hatin' on us but ya can't resist 	If you come hard, better come legit 	We gon' talk shit 'cause we confident 	We gon' show you so you best believe it [Missy] Y'all don't wanna put me on front On the front page, all the shit I don' done? Now you wanna fuck around and grade my shit? Let's talk about the million niggas who bit It's only one Timothy from the V.  And the whole industry goin' beep-beep Now I gotta go change up my beats So another nigga won't duplicate me Yeah I got styles, got shows, videos And my shows, it grows, it grows And I sing, I flow, I blows  And I know y'all niggas know  When I come swift with the one-two kick If ya got a blunt, got a light, got it lit Yeah, don't stop, won't stop, won't quit And I made 1.6 admit, check me out  Repeat 1 [B.G.] I'm that nigga that tote them AK's  B.G. is what they call me I be in them project hallways Beef with me, you gon' be sorry Me and my niggas'll shut yo' block down We got K's so, put them glocks down You scared to come outside Them Hot Boys got you on lock-down  This nigga here from CMB Roll with a clique about 20 deep Cause I made a mill', it don't mean I ain't gonna keep it real with my peeps All I have is thugs in my clique All my nigga's, they come off the street Now all of a sudden hoe's on my dick  Cause I'm on BET and MTV [Juvenile]  It ain't no secret, this nigga be project Getting paid, that's what's my object Ain't none of you nigga's gon' stop this Cause I'm 'bout makin' a profit I'm all about getting it locked, dog Don't wanna be on the block, yo Cause bitches be makin' them tye calls While I be makin' drop offs Mannie Fresh, he hooked me up too To the playa hater's I say, fuck you You needs to worry 'bout you Instead of what to not do Juvenile don' hooked up with Missy Bitches gon' hate me, bitches gon' dis me Alota you nigga's gon' miss me I'mma be here, you gon' be history Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Missy] If you come hard, better come legit (Say what? Oh, ah huh) If you come hard, better come legit (Oh, uh) We gon' show you, so you best believe [Timbaland] What, uh What, what What, what What, what What, what Um hmm, Hot boys It's all gravy Missy Timbaland We out Gimme that Gimme that Oh, gimme that Gimme that Gimme that, gimme that Gimme that  gimme that, gimme that Oh, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Beyonce Album: Da Real World Song: Crazy feelings Typed by: AMJCB@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Missy] I was in love That's what it was when I met you In love And no one could ever talk about you But it sucks, so many lies and alibis In love 1 -	[Beyonce and Missy]  	Crazy feelings  	Make me stay in love with you  	Crazy feelings 	Make me stay in love with you [Beyonce] So in love I just didn't see the wrong you did In love But now that I know I can admit  It was love that made me a fool, a silly fool In love, oh crazy Repeat 1 [Missy] You was always in my face, all the time Even with 20/20 vision, I couldn't see you lie You was always in my face, all the time Even with 20/20 vision, I couldn't see you lie  Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Da Real World Song: Religious Blessings - Outro Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott] Been caught up in the fame, a part of the glamour and glitz Platinum rings and different things, how easy we forget For it is Him the Lord Almighty, who allows us our success We on top, above the charts, how easy we forget Do you think without Him, you would be who you are? For if He made heaven and earth, He also made you a star So as we reach the year 2000, you know there's one higher than us And I come to be that too, to tell you, in God we must trust Love you... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ MC Solaar, Nicole Album: Da Real World Song: All N My Grill (European Version) * Typed by: Jacky.LACROIX@wanadoo.fr * bonus track for European release only [Missy - Verse One] Don't explain, you never change Same old thing, same old game Say ya want, to be wit' me But show me my ring Baby, let me think I been, in the cold The story untold, about to unfold How do you expect me To ever believe, you won't be wit' me [Chorus - Missy (Nicole)] Why you all in my grill (why, you all, in) Can you pay my bills (can you pay my bills) Let me know if you will (let me know, let me know) Cuz a chick gotta live (a chick like me, I got to live) [Missy - Verse Two] Talk is talk, and talk is cheap Tell it to her, don't say it to me Cuz I know, I'm in control See tricks are for kids, and boo I'm too old Go 'head, with your games Don't ever come back, to me again Where you go, remember me I'm the best thing in history [Chorus - Missy (Nicole)] Why you all in my grill (why, why, why) Can you pay my bills (can you pay my bills) Let me know if you will (let me know, boy, boy) Cuz a chick gotta live (a chick got to live, ooh yea) [Bridge One - Missy (Nicole)] Third time (third time) I moved you in, took you back In my life (I was a fool) I don't know, what's wrong with me Third time (third time) I moved you in, took you back In my life [Chorus - Missy (Nicole)] Why you all in my grill (why you all, in my grill) Can you pay my bills (can you pay my bills, yea) Let me know if you will (let me know, let me know, baby, baby) Cuz a chick gotta live (a chick like me, I got to live, yea) [Bridge Two - Missy] If you want me Where's my dough Give me money Buy me clothes No need for talking Have my dough Where's my money Where's my clothes If you want me (repeat) [MC Solaar] Zigzag zigzag, oui, j'ai du zigzaguer De comète en planète ta salopette rosagué shoot quand y'a des canettes, y'a plus d'bisou Plus d'baisers, plus d'bises, juste un biz biz de bijoux Tu veux du cling-cling clinquant, ne vit-on pas sale top du top salsa plus Merco Classe A Je braquerais les banques, toutes, tu ferais banqueroute Boufferais des casse-croûtes juste pour paver d'or ta route J'jouerais à cache-cache pour trouver l'cash Userais de la calache, de la tchatche, j'vendrais même du hash Solaar trip j'excède clean honnête et net T'offrira des tas d'poupées pleines de p'tites pépettes J'aurais les poches vides, portrais le même jean Lêverais mon verre à la tienne, tu diras tchin-tchin T'auras tout ce que sur terre le soleil fait briller Joueras au monopoly avec des vrai billets (music till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Charlene 'Tweet' Keys Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: ...So Addictive Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy - singing] I know some of y'all sick of songs y'all be hearin on the radio- ohhhh (ohhh!) So me and Timbaland gon' give that shit you never heard before (shit you never heard before-ohhh) It's like drinkin liquor or weed or X whatever does you the best My beats, are so (sooooo) addic-hictive [Tweet] C'mon get krunk with me [Missy] See if you're ridin down the street and you're bout to roll that shit up [Tweet] You don't need drugs or weed [Missy] Oh nah you ain't smokin that stank shit up in my car Get your feet off my dashboard [Tweet] C'mon get krunk with me [Missy] Oh yeah you wanna get krunk though? Well pop this CD in right here and take a hit of me [singing] My album is so, addic-hictive [Missy] My album is so addictive {*echoes} Man bump this ballad shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Dog in Heat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Gimme that funk, mmm.. Funk, mmm.. yo gimme that Funk.. sho' nuff that Funk.. [Redman] Yo, yo Beware of the dogs, off the chain Fuck your whips at the club we piss in the parkin lanes Blow it up ten frames so you see it wide If your broad ain't fuckin she don't need to ride (beat it) She can crawl in the trunk with her knees inside by the spare, she hungry I'll feed her fries Cause I'ma, dog nigga, shot-call nigga My shotgun talk with a lecture hall scripture Applaud {*ahh*} bitch, shake that ass I getcha, drunk and high and duct tape that ass fast Then leave you on your daddy front lawn (ding dong) with your hair all fucked up, with one pump on Get stomped on, I take the money and run I'm a dog, shit I fuck right in front of your son If you ain't got Missy and Meth want me to spit the hot shit for you? Nigga, write your check [Missy] When you come home from work, I'm gon' make you do more work Pour some wine in the cup, sip sippin on sizz-urp Ohhh.. ohhh.. now we gon' make love to and in ya SLIDE, wanna take a ride When you with me oh so right, tell them boys not tonight Say you chillin witcho bitch and this is one y'don't wanna miss Uhh uhh.. cause this love right here is on fire (fire) SLIDE, wanna take a ride [Chorus: repeat 2X] I love it boy when you play this song Dead wrong, you know this record be turnin me on You keep me growlin like a dog in heat Hey wodie put it down make me sleep for weeks [Missy] You on the block layin low, from the cops layin low When you done let me know cause my love make you be like WHOA Ohhh.. ohhh.. cause I got yo' mind in the trenches SLIDE, let's take a ride Baby come give me some HEY WODIE ain't no other one can shine on my life and make me wanna stay the night Mmmm mmmm.. cause you put butterflies on my stomach SLIDE, baby won't you slide [Method Man] Yo yo I wanna gangsta BOOGIE with my GANGSTA BITCH Love it when the pussy talk back thanks to dick All my dogs (woof) playin the wall, get at these broads You ain't got no-ass-at'all, we ain't fuckin wit y'all I'm not your smooth lovin, see me at Casbah thuggin Hands where your Stove Top be stuffin Never catch Tical hand-cuffin, I'm in your party puffin Smellin like that Wu-Tang production Cousin tried to tell me pussy come a dime a dozen And when it come around I'll beat it down like percussion Missy come and get me, I'm bout to call Doc We can all meet up at Peanut's, I heard it was the spot Somebody roll the weed up, push the car lighter, kick your feet up Saturday Night, who got the Fever? Brought the flavor, of indonesia Puff puff give type procedures and this joint bumpin out your speakers [Missy] I'm gonna take you high to the top and let your body not reject me babe I'm gonna make you really love me I'm gonna make you scream don't stop But you must first respect his lady You must respect this lady The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ludacris Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: One Minute Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. [Missy] Boy I'ma make you love me, make you want me And I'ma give you some attention, tonight Now follow my intuitions, what you're wishin See I'ma keep you all night, for a long time Just start countin the ways Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no.. [Missy] Tonight I'ma give it to you, throw it to you I want you to come prepared, ohhh yeah (oh yes) Boy it's been a long time, a crazy long time And I don't want no minute man, and that's real Give it to me some more [Ludacris] Yeah, uhh, uhh It's time to set yo' clock back bout as long as you can I stop daylight and Ludacris the maintenance man Get your oil changed, I check fluids and transmission You one minute FOOLS, you wonder why y'all missin On the back of milk cartons and there's no reward No regards, close but it's no cigar A hard head make a soft ass, but a hard dick make the sex last I jump in pools and make a big splash Water overflowin, so get your head right It's all in yo' mind punk so keep your head tight Enough with tips and advice and thangs I'm big dog, havin women seein stripes and thangs They go to sleep, start snorin, countin sheep and shit They so wet, that they body start to leak and shit Just cause I'm an ALL-nighter, shoot ALL fire Ludacris, balance and rotate ALL tires [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break-break me off, break break me off Break break me off, show me what you got Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, break break me off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Lick Shots Typed by: 03rff@williams.edu [Missy] Uhh.. aiyyo Timbaland See what they don't understand is we about to flip our whole style on 'em for, two-double-zero-one (HEY!) And for those of you who hated (HEY!) You only made us more creative, AOWWWWW! (Misdemeanor uhh) [Missy] You don't wanna speak my name Mess around get that ass blown away Brrrrah! - Fool go on away I ain't never like your tail anyway Missy got somethin' to say I ride down the block in an Escalade Bling bling all in your face I think you might need to put on your shades Rahhh! I know you feel me doe You hatin on me, but you hear me doe Twenty inch rims sittin crazy low AAAAHHHHHHH! I'ma crazy ho I'ma keep the party live Me and Timbaland gonna flip it tonight Keep your hands in the sky Wave 'em round like your crazy high Huh! Time to lick shots Time to see you dance Hey you, why you frontinnnnnnNNNNN Blaow! Time to lick shots Time to see you dance Hey you, why you frontinnnnnnNNNNN, blaow! [Missy] You don't know who I be You mammy tell you not to fuck wit me If I give you head, you'll never leave Rahhh! Stop sweatin me Flip it on the blackhand side Looka here boy, don't you even try it Make me dislocate your spine My rings fix your shine like turpentine What you comin 'round here now fo'? Baby hell no, you just want my dough Get cha black ass on the flo' Fool touch me, that's a no no Rahhh! Mr. DJ won't you play that song Tell the freaks shake they nasty thongs Hey boys won't you sing along Cause we gon' rock the party 'til the early morn [Missy] Y'all don't hear me - (hot) You got your guns but you don't scare me (ooooooh) Originality is leary - (ugh) My only style and I ain't sharin (back up back up - easy now) Hey y'all - (hot) Let's turn it up and tear the club down - (ugh) Grab your drinks and give me two rounds (zooooo) I'll break you off I'm goin down down Watch yourself, I'm about to turn it up [Music plays a little] [Music fades until end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Get Ur Freak On Typed by: OHHLA.com (Kore-kara minna-de mechakucha odotte sawago-sawago) Headbanger.. hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me Yeah.. gimme some new shit Yeah.. gimme some new shit Yeah.. gimme some new shit Yeah.. gimme some new shit [Missy] Missy be puttin it down, I'm the hottest round I told y'all mother(*skurt*), y'all can't stop me now Listen to me now, I'm lastin twenty rounds And if you want me (NIGGA) then come on get me now (YES) Is you with me now (YES) then biggie biggie bounce (YES) I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style (HOLLA!!) People sing around (YES) Now people gather round, now people jump around [Chorus - repeat 2X] Go, get your freak on (*repeat 6X*) Go, getcha getcha getcha getcha getcha freak on [Missy] WHO'S THAT BIIIIITCH? People you don't know? Me and Timbaland been hot since twenty years ago What da dilly yo, now what da drilly yo If you wanna battle me then (NIGGA) lemme know (HOLLA!!) Got to feel it son Lemme throw you some.. {*Indian voice*} People here I come, now sweat me when I'm done We got the radio shook like we got a gun [Missy] QUIET!!!!!!! Sssshhhhhh, hush yo' mouth Silence when I, spit it out {*hach-PTOO*}.. in yo' face Open your mouth, give you a taste (HOLLA!!) Ain't no stoppin me Copywritten so, don't copy me Y'all do it, sloppily And y'all can't come, close to me (YES) I know you feel me now (YES) I know you hear me loud (YES) I scream it loud and proud (YES) Missy gon' blow it down (YES) People gon' play me now (YES) in and outta town (YES) Cause I'm the best around (YES) with this crazy style ... ich ni san shi.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Scream a.k.a. Itchin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Music.. Huh, huh.. ohhh.. Huh, huh.. ohhh.. Huh, huh.. ohhh.. I met him in the Bahamas, I love that nigga per-sona Smoke that nigga marijuana, get freaky call me Madonna Lay on the bed he follow, bone him until to-morrah Make him sing high sopran-ah, AHHHHHHHH!! Fifty-fo'-fifty-fifty, Mr. Act-Super-Kinky Baby what you gon' get me, is some rings for my lil' pinkie Money will multiply, 'fore you run up inside Make me all weak and tired, mmhmmm.. [Chorus: Timbaland + Missy] You got ta.. (scream) If you up in the club, you think you tearin it up You got ta, got ta.. (scream) Well pour most of the liquor, then you watchin people buzz You got ta, got ta.. (scream) If you from out of town, you think you're holdin it down You got ta, got ta.. (scream) You got ta.. you got ta.. [Missy] He say he from Puerto Rico, he told me to call him Chico Freakin up in the Nico, my ego got really negro Throw the heat throw heat be bold, though I'm like dice in cee-lo Makin heads scream and moan, AHHHHH!!! Send 'em back home Boy is really worth it, just to get dirty dirty Give me that liquor liquor, make me talk slurry slurry Money will multiply, 'fore you run up inside Get me all weak and tired, mmhmmm.. [Missy] He asked could he rock my body, he also asked could he buy me a drink six-oh Ferrari, then ride up in my safari Shit what a deal word up, how much it cost now Shit what the deal word up how much it cost Play your position listen, where is your pot to piss in 'Fore we start really kissin, hot as freaky kitchen Hey what the deal word up how much it cost now Hey what the deal word up how much it cost now [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Old School Joint Typed by: marcusb1814@hotmail.com Flip da beat Oh yeah I'm feelin this one You remember back in the old school days You used to have joints like this and you'd be up in the club dancin like your moms and your pops Hehe, I know y'all know what I'm talkin about So we gon' flip it like this, ooh, ooh [Verse 1] Before you take me out let's, have a conversation No touchy touchy cause it might lead to havin relations Let's get to the point, boy, no abbreviations Don't wanna give it up too quick, I wanna build up anticipation Once you get me will you know how to act Will you do me right (Ooh, I need to know, I need to know) Once you get me will you keep my pockets fat Keep me lookin tight (Ooh, yeah) [Verse 2] I wanna give it some time and, get to know eachother Let's be friends before we think about being lovers Ain't no need to rush it, if this is forever If you wait on this love, I promise it'll get mo' betta and betta [Bridge] Flashlights (flashlight) Neon lights (neon light) Party rides, all night Love me right, keep me lookin tight (lookin tight) So nice (so nice) That's what I's like [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ginuwine Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Take Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] You're so incredible Ever since the day we became, we became.. so personal Everyday that I spend with you it gets.. unforgettable Anything that I did with you, I don't.. regret at all (I love everything about you) Take away, your gold and platinum chains (and I'm gonna love you baby) Cause I'm gon' love, love you anyway (I ain't in it for the cheddar baby) I'm not in it for, for the love of cash (oh no no, you might go broke, but I'm) Cause if you go broke, I gotta make it last (not goin nowhere, nowhere, nowhere..) [Ginuwine] Listen, let's make, it national I want the whole world to know I'm with you, and I'm.. in love Ain't no girl in this world can fill your shoes, none not at all The things you do for me is so.. unbelievable And you can take away all the platinum chains [Missy] + (Ginuwine) Take away, your gold and platinum chains Cause I'm gon love, love you anyway (I'ma love you anyway, yes I am) I'm not in it for, for the love of cash (I'm only in it for the love of you) Cause if you go broke I gotta make it last (I gotta make it last babyyy) I just wanna be the perfect match You don't even have to ask.. I just wanna be the perfect match We become so attached.. (we become so attached baby that's all I ask) I just wanna be the perfect match You don't even have to ask.. I just wanna be the perfect match We become so attached.. (be the perfect match baby, so attached, yeahyeaheyeahhh) [computer voice] Now can you hold me, now can you feel me Now can you get near me.. For once in your lifetime, for once in your lifetime Now can you hold me, now can you feel me Now can you get near me.. For once in your lifetime, for once in your lifetime [Missy] Take away, your gold and platinum chains Cause I'm gon' love, love you anyway I'm not in it for, for the love of cash Cause if you go broke, I gotta make it last The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Eve Album: Miss E... So Addictive Song: 4 My People Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Missy] Uhh, yo This is for my motherfucking club heads, you feel me? AAAAOOW!! [Missy] People, gangsters, and pimps and people Smokin that lethal reefer Up in the club wit speakers I had some base and tweeters DJ is jockin needle Sweat till I catch a fever Call me the illest diva Yo I'm on FIRE!!!!! People go head and drink up Get in the club get fucked up See me you got get lucked up Someone to touch your rubber Show me some love, strip off your clothes, and take off your socks [Missy] The party's jumpin, I see something fine Boy I wanna kiss you, but I'm just too shy Let me dance with you, let me wear you out Here's a glass of orange juice, let's go X it out The music's bangin, way down in my soul When you dance behind me, I lose all control Make me grind my hips, make me move my waist When the music comes on, you take my breath away HOOK: This is for my people, my party people This is for my people, my motherfucking people C'mon, c'mon, get down, get, get on down C'mon, c'mon, get down, get, get on down This is for my people, my party people This is for my people, my ecstasy people C'mon, c'mon, get down, get on down C'mon, c'mon, get down, get, get on down [Missy] I'm at the bar now, and I'm buying drinks And I got this feeling, and it's all over me I wanna dance with you, and lick your face Take me on the dance floor to feel some ecstasy The vibe is right now, and I'm bout to score Mr. DJ can you, play this joint once more Cuz I see the man I want, I want him right away I'm look him right in his face and say dance with me HOOK [Missy] Freak that, come here baby, grab me from the back Baby you the mack, and you know that Put the needle on the track skip that, flip that, bring the beat back Freak that, come here baby, grab me from the back Baby you the mack, and you know that Put the needle on the track, skip that, flip that, bring the beat back Uno... dos... tres... Uno... dos... tres... Uno... dos... tres... Uno... dos... tres... [Eve] Can't stand when a nigga fuckin up my plans All night liquored up while I'm tryin to dance Drunk, and his breath stink, freaky with his hands Cocky with his mouth please like he got a fan Can't stand when a bitch all in my side I don't even know her and she all up in my light Givin me the side eye like she wanna fight Philly known for boxing bitch better get it right Can't stand when a DJ fuckin up the song Know I'm tryin to shake my ass all night long Cuttin up the same shit all night long High 'fore I got there, now my shit is blown Can't stand when it aint jumpin like I want Cats that try to stop my fun, take away my blunt I don't give a fuck he aint gon' take away my fun See him when this shit is over, make a nigga run, uh HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Missy Elliott f/) Busta Rhymes Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Bus-A-Bus Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busta Rhymes] Eh-hee-eh-hehehe, ehehehehe Yes indeed, YES INDEED out this motherfucker Back with the right foot steppin in first and the left foot steppin in after I go by the divine attribute, of Bus-A-Bust-Down-Some'n Otherwise known as Busta-motherfuckin-Rhymes out this bitch Yknahmean? Cause when I'm in the spot [rapping] I let a bitch start kissin up And muh'fuckers love the way that I be pissin up on muh'fuckers, muh'fuckers need to chill, RELAX What they need to do is listen up, muh'fuckers [talking] So.. as we begin, to get you addicted to the shit, that's "So Addictive" Make sure you got your PEOPLES witchu You know one of your PEOPLES, that stay sober You know to make sure you get home safely Cause we about to TAKE IT THERE muh'fuckers Miss-E, 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Sooooooooooooooo ADDICTIVE! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Whatcha Gon' Do Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Timbaland] Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-DUNN-dun I be dippin in clubs, girls screamin, "Do you want it Timb?" Niggaz, playa hatin sayin, "Who the hell is him?" I'm in the back, gleamin from all that virgin gem Keep a bunch of pretty models surroundin Timb I'm over capac'y when it come to makin them beats Me and Missy makin Y'ALL, move y'all feets Makin y'all dance and tango, make y'all legs get weak That's only cause we drop a bunch of heat That's whatcha gonna expect, comin from my crew Bunch of dope beats, and a bunch of dope lyrics too I know that's too much for you to handle dude Now ask yourself what.. [Chorus: Timbaland] Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do? [Missy] When me come in the spot, dem wannn' jock Dem nasty boy lookin around, with big cocks Them girls be plottin on how to get the rocks So I beat that ass to the ground like I'm the cops AHH, what they gon' say, AHH, don't wan' play RRR, get 'em in the club, AHH, smokin on hay, HEY AHH, when I'm in my ride, OH AHH, people walkin by AH AHH, pistol by my side, B-BRRR, in case dem wan' try [Timbaland] I be gettin in girls clothes, make 'em buy my whole wardrobe Better get all my dough, pluckin the hair in my nose It's official I'm a pimp, cause my name glows If (?) I'm back to the Yugos [Missy] Talkin that junk, you get BURRIED You don't wanna end up in the cemeTARRRRY Me and Timbaland got tracks that will KILL YOU Any other hen I got gats that will PEEL YOU Whatcha gon' say, RRR, whatcha gon' do, RRR When I'm in the club, RRR, comin for you I'm just a smooth motherfucker (aww yeah baby) (Y'all heard me?!) Ahhh Whatcha gon' say, RRR, whatcha gon' do, RRR When I'm in the club, RRR, and comin for you I'm just a smooth motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E...So Addictive Song: Step Off Typed by: orgys_climax@hotmail.com I know your not my man That you belong to someone else (nah) Now come on in, an shut the door I make sure you enjoy yourself If you give me a try, before you deny I'm still in love wit you Or maybe obsessed wit you Aaaoooo We don't make love no more (umm hmm) We don't kiss and we hug like we used to (used to) But I'm still in love with you Wait Wait a minute Now if I drive by your house (house) And see some bitch in your bed, under the spreads Giving you.....head Then I'm gonna turn it out (hhaay) I'm the only one who keep you satisfied And though were not together I remember what you like So tell them chicks to step off cause I fill your appetite And I'm the only women who gon do it like you like (Hey uh) What part don't you get? (hey hey) Even though I'm not your girl anymore And you don't want me no more I deserve to know who you sleepin' wit (ooooh yyeeaah) Is she better then me? (me me) Do she cook, do she clean? Do she sew, do she sting? Can she do these things? Cause I... I still love ya baby Makes no difference to me And I still wantcha baby Want to be the one you need The one you call on (umm umm) Cause I'm the only one that makes you feel good (umm umm) Sing it to me [Chorus - repeat 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: X-Tasy Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com [Missy] Read between the lines Ecstacy, a place of fullfillment and fantasies Were your dreams become reality's Mhm, ecstacy It enhances your most inner desire to become more free with your guts and feelings E-E-E-ecstacy Boy let me free your mind, lets hook up tonight Take you on a flight, high, high Make you warm inside, I won't waste you're time My love is so divine, it feels like I'm on.. [Chorus: Missy] Ecstaacyy, I'm willing, to do the things I said I wouldn't do On ecstaacyy, the feeling makes me feel like I'm in love with you [Missy] Boy look into my eyes, I'm so energized Make it last long time, touch mee Everything feels sweet, my body feel your breeze up all against me, it feels like I'm on.. [Missy] Oh it feels like I'm on, ecstaacyy Everybody jump in and do something Feel so free, I feel like making love to you So what you wanna do? (AHH.. ahhh.. AHH!) Ecstaacyy, everybody jump in and do something Feel so free, I feel like making love to you So what you wanna do? (AHH.. ahhh.. AHH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Da Brat, Jade Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Slap! Slap! Slap! Typed by: ms_demeanor99@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Missy] Me and my clique Run thur the gutter breakin down shutter As the beat goes, dun dun dun duna Ain't nothing better than these favorite buttas It's like freakin wit your lova tryin bust his rubba Have him have him undercover like he thought he never How the hell a bitch like me become so celva Yall wack MC's , yall never never Talkin hard as a cock but is light as a feather Yall suspect hoe's yall suspect hoe's Takin off your clothe yall reject hoe's Fell the rhythm, I'm bout to kill em [Chorus] Missy (Timbaland) Slap!Slap!Slap! Right across your melon, easy (Nigga,Slap!Slap! Right across your melon, easy) [Verse 2: Missy] Yall lil' Tryin act bigga don't yall get the picture Every freakin year I come wit something sicka Fan's takin flick's wanna get my picture Freak's only speak “Do you know Jigga?” Strange muthafucka's wanna be my nigga Turn your man to a ass-licker Cheatin ass men means, cheatin as men Time to stop gamin and stay the fuck in Fell the rhythm, I'm bout to kill em [Chorus] Missy (Timbaland) Slap!Slap!Slap! Right across your melon, pronto (I said,Slap!Slap!Slap! Right across your melon, pronto) [Verse 3: Da Brat] You don't wanna get smacked right quick Wit a upper cut like this I don't give a fuck if you don't like this Still get paid to bust the right shit Still get paid to hope on the dick I'm a prostitute, I gotta a lot of loot But if you knock the boots,but at lease cop the coup What I'm post to do, starve for you This ain't ??, I can't crawl for you That's impossible I make the rule I pay the dues I wear the pants Bought the shoes, they Prada too Fuck wit me you lose Step to me and get brused Your chances are not few, they none So what I'm bitchy Roll a phat blunt wit Missy In the front wit me Tim hit AHH, wit the bang to the boggada beat Burnin em wit the heat It don't conser me, when nigga talk shit They just wanna learn me When they see me,I permentaly Damage they shit internally And Slap!Slap! Slap! em right across the melon [Timbaland] Nigga,Slap!Slap!Slap! Right across your melon, easy [Verse 4: Jade] I'm the M-S-J-A-D-E Toes and lows , bling like I'm B.G. I don't know nigga help, shit, I write my own Just gimme a beat and a muthafuckin microphone Picture this shit me Missy and Timbaland We bout to take it to the streets, but they chicken ran Oh Shit, It's gettin kinda hot in here Oh Shit, Make niggas stop and stare Talk dirty, rock-a-bye a birdy Smack the shit out the Clyde Cause Bonnie should have pay me Get old heads for they checks that sign right And I get lil' boys for they doe on prom night Cause I do my thing, knots in a pocket Slap!Slap!Slap! All up in your knogen, early I said,Slap!Slap!Slap! All up in your knogen [Timbaland] Nigga,Slap!Slap!Slap! Right across your melon, easy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Lil' Mo Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: I've Changed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yes I've changed again, baby Changed.. changed.. Changed, the games, that I, used to play Play.. leavin when I stay Woo! Ohhh, ooooh, baby I've changed - I said that I've changed I said I've changed - the games, ain't the same They ain't the same I've changed - the pressure wasn't greatener on the, other, siiiiide-ide-ide-ide [Missy] + (Mo) Aight aight aight Mo chill (cause I know I've changed) Yo Mo (I know I've changed, baby I swear I'm changed) Yo Mo chill (yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah) Yo chill, you singin like you You singin like you in church raisin money (I've changed) for some choir rows or somethin (I've changed, I've changed) You changed? I'm bout to change to a new track (ohhh-oooh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Jay-Z Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: One Minute Man (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. [Missy] Boy I'ma make you love me, make you want me And I'ma give you some attention, tonight Now follow my intuitions, what you're wishin See I'ma keep you all night, for a long time Just start countin the ways Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no.. [Missy] Tonight I'ma give it to you, throw it to you I want you to come prepared, ohhh yeah (oh yes) Boy it's been a long time, a crazy long time And I don't want no minute man, and that's real Give it to me some more [Jay-Z] Fifty grand I get this on one take (Hova) Look, I'm not tryin to give you love and affection (uh-huh) I'm tryin to give you sixty seconds of perfection (uh-huh) I'm tryin to give you cabfare and directions Get your +Independent+ ass out of here - QUESTION? I'm not your man, not Ralph Tresvant Not Ronnie Romance.. no ma I'm tryin to hit you then put you in the middle of the round like I'm Roberto Duran.. no mas Six A.M. another chick in the house (put your hands up) 6:15 another chick kicked you out (put your hands up) Spend one minute tryin to dig her out The other fourteen tryin to "put it in her mouth" The dick too chubby, too much'll make you love me Now be a nice wifey and run home to your hubby Cause we, both knowin what we doin is wrong Don't forget to put your ring back on {*quiet laughter*} [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break-break me off, break break me off Break break me off, show me what you got Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, show me what you got.. Break me off, break break me off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: I'm Movin' On Typed by: orgys_climax@hotmail.com [Missy] See, I had to make a record that Give thanks to my Lord Savior in Jesus Christ A lot of people are quick to criticize me for the kind of music I sing but See they don't change the belief hat I have an God, yaknowhatI'msayin? Cause when my friends forsake me who's there to listen to me without complaining? Nobody but Him, uhhh [singing] Please don't judge me Cause I'm not perfect (I'm not perfect) And please don't judge me if I'm not in church on Sunday I'm movin' (I'm movin' on) And I'm pressin' (I'm pressin' on) To the other way (To the other way) Ohhhh (to, higher, ground) I'm pressin' (I'm movin' on) I'm movin' (I'm pressin' on, yea) Tooooo (to the other way) (to, higher, ground) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Miss E ...So Addictive Song: Higher Ground Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Mmmhmmmm.. mmmmmm.. Ohh yea yea yea Ohhhh.. mmmm-mmmhmmmm I'm movin.. higher ground.. (Ohh) I'm movin on (mmhmm) can't nothin stop me now (Mmm-yeah) I'm pressin on (higher ground) to higher ground (MMMM!) Each step I take (oooooh) is a new dawning of (Ohh, oh-ohh) A brand new day (higher ground) for higher ground Obstacles and situations, people places and things I must overcome, cause there's a battle to be won With my mind set on higher things These things have become my footstool I'm determined to reach my goal I need peace for my soul (Ohh) I'm movin on (that's why I'm movin on) can't nothin stop me now (I'm pressin on) I'm pressin on (to higher ground) to higher ground (MMMM!) Each step I take (each step I take) is a new dawning of (For my higher place) A brand new day (On my higher ground) for higher ground I'm pressin on, the upward way Brand new heights I'm gaining, eeeeeveryday No higher place, that I really have found (Lord plant my feet on) plant my feet on (On higher ground) Forgetting what (forgetting what, is already behind me) Is alread be, ohhhh-oooooh-ohhhhohwhoahhhhh (I'm moving forward) Moving yahyeahh (for what's ahead) I'm moving on.. can't nothin stop me now (nothing's gonna stop me) I'm pressing on.. to higher ground (yeah yeah yeah yeah) Each step I take (ohhhh hohhhh) is a new dawning of (yes it is) A brand new day (yeahhhh) for higher ground The race is not given to the swift Nor the battle to the strong only But instead (??? ???) But we gotta stay strong and fight on Sometimes you feel like your foot might slip Cause it's too much goin on Just realize your goal is greater than your struggle Just hold on and be strong I'm moving on.. (I'm moving on) can't nothin stop me now (nothing, no-no-no) I'm pressing on.. (ooohooohooh) to higher ground (oahhyeahyeahh) Each step I take (oh is the dawning of a new day) Is the new dawning of (???) A brand new day (yeahhyeahh) for higher ground I'm moving on.. can't nothin stop me now I'm pressing on.. to higher ground Each step I take.. is a new dawning of A brand new day.. for higher ground Be strong, and fight on But by all means, keeeeeeeeeeep moving [Missy] I'm a witness (I'm a witness) for Jesus (nobody but Jesus) [Missy] When I was down, and no one was there [Missy] He picked me up, and he carried me [Missy] I'm a witness (I'm a witness) for Jesus (nobody but Jesus) [Missy] When I was down, and no one was there [Missy] He picked me up, and he carried me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Under Construction Song: Go to the Floor Typed by: the_r_com@hotmail.com [Intro] Heartbreaking Let's start the show Misdemeanor here Heartbreaking Let's start the show Mr. Mos' on the beats Heartbreaking Let's start the show 2000 eternity! Heartbreaking Let's start the show Aight, let's start the show Let the show begin [*Beat changes] This is a Missy Elliott exclusive SET IT OFF! (set it off) [Missy] Mama say, mama sah, mama can you do this Talkin' like you baddest when you just new to this Everytime I come out yall be like 'who dat is' Be more like Ashanti and be unfoolish You don't really want to bring it with me You wear Dada, I sport the Fendi My Lamborghini against your Benzi Dirty diamonds in your ring, see mine's cling cling cling Ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-da-ding-ding I used to get so high they called me Ming Lee Spiked up my hair to look like Don King Haters keep on hatin cause them don't worry we Them don't worry we or me and Timothy In my SE slim down my bodee-ee-ee Bang bang to the boogey, oohhweee Playa keep on playin watch me do my duty Go to the floor (And tell me what you want) Grab me a drink (Then what you gon' do) I came to shake, shake my booty down Down to the beat (whoooooooop!) Stand on the chairs (And dance like who) Dance like the freaks (And what you came to do) I came to shake, shake my booty down Light the party [Missy] I'm underrated, glad I made it Independent operated I never hesitated Haters keep me motivated The beat is penetrated, I'll let Timmy regulate it  And we laid it in the shaded drink a glass of lemonaded Damn I'm faded, ain't no other way to say it  Ain't that complicated Ain't no other chicks gon' ever make me feel invaded I keep droppin' hits like water breakin' two centimetres And I'm dialatin', radio patient (Awwwwwhhh), (come on) check my translation From my observation, my fans is real patient They don't wanna hear the lies so stop fakin' Ya greasy like bacon, keep my stomach achin' If you wanna battle let there be no more delayin' I hope ya did some prayin cause when I come swayin Pop-she-pop-pop-pop, yeeeeaaaaaahhhhh Sometimes I flow, sometimes quick You was on the verge of kissin ass so slick I be on the verge of makin' hits after hits This the kinda shit that tell ya mami don't forget  Everybody, move your body Now do it  Here is something that's gonna make you move and groove Hey DJ keep playin that song all night  On and on and on (on and on and on) [Missy]  Now is the niggaz over there Cuz the bitches right here Yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-yea-yeah All night long I hope you all came prepared  It's five o'clock and we ain't goin' nowhere Awwwwhhh yeeeaaahh, oohhhhhwwwweeee And will the guy with the cash choose me Awwwhhh yeeeahhh, baby I got a man I ain't seen lately Go to the floor! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Method Man Album: Under Construction Song: Bring the Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "One two three four five six seven eight nine!" - Chuck D 	"Are we on the air?" {*beat from Method Man's original "Bring the Pain" starts playing*} [Missy Elliott] Uhh, uhh .. {HA?} Uhh {HA?} uhh {HA?} Uhh, this is - uhh, a Missy Elliott - uhh, exclusive Uh-huh.. woo!! [Missy] And I came to bring the pain, hardcore to the brain Ooh baby, what's your name? {HA?} I love the way you're spittin the game You made me change from thinkin all guys the same You the type of guy I wanna marry in months Got exactly what I want {HA?} And ain't no fakin the funk Your attitude is funk and you're makin me crunk (c'mon) [Chorus: Missy - singing] Yes it's real baby Got me so crazy Light my fire dirty Like the way you serve me Stimulate my body Crunk just like a party Ohh, you won't be sorry My papi, I'm yo' mami [Missy] I'm in your life to come and let you explore {HA?} And take you on a tour The kind of guys that be talkin that noise Is the reason I ignore {UH-HA!} And you the one I wanna take to MEET MOMS "He's a rap superstar" {UH-HA!} I wanna be the one, you like I'm sure to do you right [Method Man] + (Missy) Is it real hon, if it's really real (let's chill) Maybe pop an X pill (how does sex feel?) Come and get your next thrill (you the raw deal) Yo I'm sayin if your man won't (Mr. Meth will) That's amore', all day, mind over matter And my forte' is foreplay, sex on a platter Have it your way, then who, serve you everything on the menu And all that freak shit that you into Sweet lady, you drive me half crazy Maybe, we can go half on a baby (on a baby?) Poppa got a brand new bag Hidden in the stash of his brand new Jag Lovely, kick your shoes off and get comfy We can bump uglies if you ain't got your monthly Yes I, like "American Pie" Tell 'em M-I-crooked letter-crooked letter-Y [Missy] M-E-T-H-O-D, Man M-I-S-S-Y, I am I came came to bang bang the boogie I see you lookin to bang out my nookie You want my cookies I baked for you rookies Work hard they want me to bang bang and stick me If you want my nookie you got to come quickly M-E-T-H-O-D is ya wit me? (Mr. Meth) is ya wit me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ludacris Album: Under Construction Song: Gossip Folks Typed by: bigbootytrasee@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [People in background chatting] Yo, yo yo move out of the way We got missy Elliott coming through Girl that is missy Elliott she lost a lot of weight Girl I heard she eats one cracker a day Oh well I heard the bitch was married to Tim and started fucking with Trina I heard the bitch got hit with three zebras and a monkey I can't stand the bitch no way [Missy] When I walk up in the piece I ain't gotta even speak I'm a bad mamajama goddammit motherfucker you ain't gotta like me How you studying these hoes Need to talk what you know And stop talking bout who I'm sticking and licking jus mad it ain't yours I know ya'll poor ya'll broke Ya'll job jus hanging up clothes Step to me get burnt like toast Muthafuckas adios amigos Halves halves wholes wholes I don't brag I mostly boast From the VA to the LA coast Iffy kiffy izzy oh Musi ques I sews on bews I pues a twos on que zat Pue zoo My kizzer Pous zigga ay zee Its all kizza Its always like Its all kizza Its always like Na zound Wa zee Wa zoom zoom zee [Missy] When I pull up in my whip Bitches wanna talk shit I'm driving I'm glad and I'm styling in these muthafuckas eyes did you see it? I'm gripping these curbs Skuur, did ya heard I love em, my fellas, my furs I fly like a bird Chicken heads on the prowl Who you trying fuck now Naw you ain't getting loud Better calm down for I smack your ass down I need my drums bass high Has to be my snare strings horns and I need my Tim sound right, left Izzy kizzy looky here [Missy] I don't go out my house shorty You just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week Just wanna see who I am fucking boy Sniffing some coke I know by the time I finish this line I'm a hear this on the radio [Ludacris] Yeah, uh huh, okay Once upon a time in College Park Where they live life fast and they scared of dark There was a little nigga by the name of Cris Nobody paid him any mind No one gave a shit Knowing he could rap No one lifted a hands So he went about his business and devised a plan Made a CD and then he hit the block 50 thousand sold Seven dollars a pop Hold the phone Three years later Steeped out the swamp With ten and a half gators All around the world on the microphone Leaving the booth smelling like Burberry cologne Still riding chrome Got bitches in the kitchen Never home alone And he's on the grind Please let me know if he's on your mind And respect you'll give me Ludacris I live loud just like Timmy Fuck, have to clear these rumors I got a headache and it's not from tumors Get up on my lap and get my head sucked tight Sprayed so I never let the bed bugs bight Hard to the core Core to the right Drop down turn around pick a bale of cotton [People in the background chatting] Yo, straight up Missy killed that shit tonight for real I know I know, I don't even care about her beign preganant by Michael Jackson You know what we should do We should go get her alvum when it comes out There she go, there she go, there she Heeeey Misssy [Missy] Hi Missy? What's up fools? You think I aint knowin yall broke Milli Vanilli Jay Jay fan wannabes aint over here gossiping bout me? Yo how bout you buff these Pumas for 20 cents so your lights wont get cut off You soggy breasts, cow stomachs Yo take those baby GAP shirts off, too You just mad cuz Payless ran out of plastic pumps for the after party Yo by the way, go get my album Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Under Construction Song: Work It Typed by: erikthared@rogers.com, mkudym@aol.com EDITOR'S NOTE: I personally played this entire song backwards and  she says the backwards lines EXACTLY as they're written on OHHLA.com. {*scratching*} DJ please, pick up your phone I'm on the request line {*scratching*} This is a Missy Elliott one time exclusive (C'mon, c'mon) Is it worth it, let me work it I put my thang down, flip it and reverse it  {*"I put my thang down, flip it and reverse it" - backwards 2X*} If you got a big {*elephant noise*} let me search ya To find out how hard I gotta work ya  {*"I put my thang down, flip it and reverse it" - backwards 2X*} [Verse 1] I'd like to get to know ya, so I can show ya Put the pussy on ya, like I told ya Gimme all your numbers so I can phone ya Your girl acting stank than call me ov-ah Not on the bed, lay me on your sofa Call before you come, I need to shave my cho-cha You do or you don't or you will or you won't cha Go downtown and eat it like a vul-cha See my hips and my tips don'tcha See my ass and my lips don'tcha Lost a few pounds in my waist for ya This the kinda beat that go wa-ta-ta Ra-ta-ta-ta, ta-ta-ta-ta-ta Sex me so good I say blah-blah-blah Work it! I need a glass of wat-ah Boy oh boy its good to know ya [Verse 2] If you're a fly gyal, get your nails done Get a pedicure, get your hair did Boy lift it up, lets make a toast-ah Lets get drunk, its gon bring us clos-ah Don't I look like a Halle Berry post-ah? See dem Belvedere playin tricks on ya Girlfriend wanna be like me nev-ah You won't find a bitch that's even bett-ah I make it hot as Las Vegas weath-ah Listen up close while I take you backwards  {*"Watch the way Missy like to take it backwards" - backwards*} I'm not a prostitute but I can give you whatchu want I love your braids and your mouth full of fronts Love the way my ass go ba-bump ba-bump bump Keep your eyes on my ba-bump ba-bump bump And think you can handle this ga-donk ga-donk donk Take my thong off and my ass go boom Cut the lights off so you see what I can do [Verse 3] Boys, boys, all type of boys Black, white, Puerto Rican, Chinese boys Wan tan taya taya tang-a-tang, wan tan taya taya tang-a-tang Girls, girls, get that cash If its 9 to 5 or shakin ya ass Ain't no shame ladies, do your thang Just make sure you ahead of tha game Just cause I got a lot of fame sup-ah Prince couldn't get me change my name papa Kunta Kinte, enslave a game, no sir Picture black sayin, "Oh yessuh massa" Picture Lil' Kim dating a pastor Minute man, big men can outlast ya Who is the best? I don't have to ask ya When I come out, you won't even matt-ah Why you act dumb like ughhh, duh So you act dumb like ughhh, duh And the drummer boy go pa-rum pa-pum pum Give ya some some some of this Cinnabon To my fellas, ooooh Good God, I like the way you work that {*scratching: "Peter Piper" featuring Jam Master Jay*} To my ladies, woo You sure know how to work that, good God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Jay-Z Album: Under Construction Song: Back in the Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Brothers and sisters!  Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to!" [Jigga] Whassup Missy? Timbo! [Missy] This is.. another.. Missy [Jigga] Hip-Hop! Yes! [Missy] Elliott, exclusive [Jay-Z] Yes, uhh One for the butters, I came from the gutter No I came from my mother but y'all know what I mean Hov' is here to stay like permanent crease in your jeans Me and Missy be the new +Tag Team+ "Whoomp! There It Is" We like, Rae & Ghost, A.G. and Showbiz We "Public Enemy #1," our "Uzi Weighs a Ton" This is our house, RUN! {*laughing*} [Missy] What happened to those good old days? {HA?} When hip-hop, was so much fun Ohh, house parties in the summer y'all (c'mon) And no one, came through with a gun It was all about the music y'all It helped.. to relieve some stress {HA?} Ohh, we was under one groove y'all (y'all) So much love {HA?} between North and West [Chorus: Missy Elliott] Go back in the day British Knights and gold chains Do the prep and cabbage patch And wear your laces all fat Back in the dayyyyyyyy, hey hey Hip-Hop has chaaaanged [Missy] Remember when we used to battle? (uh-huh) On the block {HA?} before the lights came on Ohh! Mama said we would be straight A kids (c'mon) If we did our homework, like we knew those songs Salt-N-Pepa, Rakim, and P.E. {HA?} D.M.C, and Heavy D Yes! Daddy Kane, Slick Rick too (oh-OOH!) MC Lyte ("Paper Thin") opened, doors for you and me, c'mon [Jay-Z] Young! J. Bizzy, let's do it again nigga Grew up the way it oughta be From day KRS-One all the way up to "Nineteen Naughty Three" To M.O.P., we "Cold as Ice" Nigga we rock it from the "Dre Day" to the Suge Knight So fuck Chuck Phillips and Bill O'Reilly If they try to stop hip-hop, we all gon' rally nigga Post Biggie and 'Pac I gotta hold down the city Make a nigga wanna 'holla' like Missy, but fuck it Just let a nigga MC The best rapper alive, unquestionably If you rip on your +EP+ you gonna need an +MD+ So "You Gots to Chill" cause I "Kill at Will" like solid water dude; y'all niggaz don't get it "Kill at Will," solid water? Ice Cube Ha ha, that's how hip-hop has evolved Jay-Z's for President, I'm namin Ra as the National God [Missy] Me and Jigga, Jigga J-J-Jay-Hova I rocks the mic right whether I'm pissy drunk or sober Misdemeanor fo'-finger ringer I'm stupid FRESH I've been hot since LL rocked the Kangol HAT Yes yes, the yes yes, the yes y'alln C'mon... AW YEA, AW YEA Okay, me, that nigga Jigga, fresh dressed in the mornin C'mon... AW YEA, AW YEA {*ad libs and whistling*} [Missy] I wanna, go back in, time (let's go) Feels like I, I wanna, go back in, time Feels like I (Y'all remember "Self Destruction"?) I wanna, go back in, time (Where all the rap artists got on a record together?) Feels like I, I wanna, go back in, time (I used to love them days, no tension, let's go!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ms. Jade Album: Under Construction * Song: Funky Fresh Dressed Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com * second single, send corrections to the typist [Intro: Missy] This is a Misdemeanor exclusive If your radio is experiencing any kind of difficulties Turn the volume up Yes, turn the volume up Yes, turn the volume up This is an exclusive (Turn the volume up) [Verse 1: Missy] It's very necessary, on the contray No you do not scare me, is you drinkin' Bloody Mary? But shit, you betta hurry, before I have to bury My attitude is bitchy, cuz my period is heavy I used to drive a Chevy, put twenties on that baby My nigga was the shit, but then that stupid nigga left me And now I'm lovin' Larry, but Larry go with Terri And Terri is a freak, but it's his baby she will carry The life he live's a fairy, cartoon like "Tom and Jerry" My flow is legendary and your style is temporary Yeah, you need to worry, like Jason, it gets scary The words that I spit don't fit in that category Is my vision blurry? My speech is very slurry Me without Tim is like Jamaicans with no curry And yes, it's necessary, so hurry, nigga, hurry Cuz when this album drops, you whack MC's will all get burried Funky fresh dressed to impress ready to party Funky fresh dressed to impress (Turn the volume up) Funky fresh dressed to impress ready to party Funky fresh dressed to impress (Turn the volume up) Funky fresh dressed to impress ready to party Funky fresh dressed to impress (Turn the volume up) Funky fresh dressed to impress ready to party Funky fresh dressed to impress (Turn the volume up) [Verse 2: Missy] Your style's very crummy, that's why you have no money You always looking bummy, I don't care if you don't love me Don't try to come before me, unless you are a dummy Repeat, you'll lose your teeth and I would hate to call you gummy Rainy or sunny, battle no way, honey This not a game of Hide-and-Seek, go call ya mummy It's about get so ugly, and I'ma keep y'all runnin' Hiding from me, cuz you know you are weak You ain't sayin' nothin', I keep it jumpin' jumpin' In your Kenwoods, I'm bumpin' sumthin' in ya trunk'n You can say I'm buggin', cuz when I come out bustin' That's why y'all be discussin' who I like and who I'm fuckin' Repeat Chorus [Break: Timbaland] C'mon, c'mon C'mon, c'mon C'mon, c'mon Fickidy, uh, uh, uh C'mon, c'mon C'mon, c'mon (*Beat changes) [Verse 3: Ms. Jade] I had a little homie named Paul Revere Smokes blunt after blunt, guzzled 40's of beer He would swear up and down every first of the year He was gon' quit smokin', but he never did Watch y'all huskey, it's about that time Gettin' ready for the club 'round quarter til' nine Couple bottles of hypnotic in the back of the ride Might spit like a girl, but I hit like a guy Me and Missy ballin' up the avenue Funky fresh dressed to impress, we mackin' dudes Music biz only reason I ain't jackin fools You know bullshit walk and stackin' rules Shit keeps drawin', the streets keep callin' Drink til' I'm nice and uh, uh-uh, on'n I'm bad luck, y'all mad cuz y'all suck Please do not try to fuck with young duck Please do not try to fuck with young duck (*Beat switches back to original) Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Under Construction Song: Pussycat Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com Uh, this is another Missy Elliott exclusive, uh, come on It's all for the love But there is more things that keep a man satisfied And I know the remedy just to cure him From cheating even if he tried, hey Pussy don't fail me now I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else But me and only me Pussy don't fail me now I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else But me and only me I know he's a man and men have intentions To sleep with someone else But that's why when I make love to him I'm ruling Try to give him my best, hey Pussy don't fail me now (fail me now) I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else (nobody) But me and only me (ohh) Pussy don't fail me now (fail me now) I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else (ohh) But me and only me As long as the pussy good it's alright Ain't gotta worry bout my man Cos he know mine's is one of a kind And that's why he keeps staying The pussy good, it's alright Ain't gotta worry bout my man Cos he know mine's is one of a kind And that's why he keeps staying Look ma Yeah, you got that bomb and work That prissy stuff, glad it ain't that gushy stuff (that gushy stuff?) I don't like the mushy butts I wish we was like Puffy over Jennifer Him and her too much like I and we (and what that mean?) We just love the booty All we see, in 3D, is Booty, booty, booty, booty Oh really? Do me, do me, do me, do me Run through me like flood go through an I-V That's good I'm a make sure you never will leave Can I put my booty, booty up in your spaghetti daddy Are you ready for some cavi from me Pussy, gushy, mushy, what more you want from me Cos my feelings hit the ceiling what you want me to be Oh please pussy don't mess it up for me, come on Pussy don't fail me now (fail me, now) I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else (nobody else) But me and only me Pussy don't fail me now (fail me now) I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else But me and only me Pussy don't fail me now I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else But me and only me Pussy don't fail me now I gotta turn this nigga out So he don't want nobody else But me and only me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Beyonce Knowles Album: Under Construction Song: Nothinh Out There for Me Typed by: Mz_Blazzin@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Beyonce] There aint nothin' out there [Missy] A Missy Elliot exclusive *phone ringing* [Missy talking] I know one thing Beyonce better not answer this phone, hundred Ladies in free, I aint got no money either shoot we supposed To been at the club [Beyonce] Hello? [Missy] Beyonce I know you aint lettin' dat broke down insecure LL Cool J Wanna be nigga keep you in da house for another Friday [Beyonce] Yo just, just go ahead I'ma stay here wit' my man Aint nothin' out there for me [Verse 1: Beyonce] My man don't like my friends [Missy] Girl yo man aint no good why he tryin' to keep you in? [Beyonce] He say they influence me [Missy] If I was an influence I woulda been said leave [Beyonce] But boi I love him so [Missy] Girl we late for the club, why you still don't wanna roll? [Beyonce] Cuz I got my prize right here [Missy] But it's guys at da party [Beyonce] Aint nothin' out there for me Aint nothin' out there for me, this is where I wanna be I den already been in the streets, and aint came across nothin' So sweet he the only man that I love, and I don't need more Then one so don't worry when I'm hangin' out, he's the only one That I'm thinkin' about [Verse 2: Beyonce] I know he's insecure, everytime I leave out the door [Missy] And you lettin' him spoil yo' night, live ya life, you aint Even his wife [Beyonce] He aint gotta worry bout' me cuz' I got somethin' more sweet [Missy] Oh, you must got a diamond ring [Beyonce] And I know I'm so lucky aint nothin' Chorus: Aint nothin' out there for me, this is where I wanna be I den already been in the streets, and aint came across nothin' So sweet he the only man that I love, and I don't need more Then one so don't worry when I'm hangin' out, he's the only one That I'm thinkin' about [Verse 3: Beyonce] I really love him, he's my baby fa sho (my baby) I can show him I love him more then ever before (and I love him) And he don't know I'm in love like ??? (I adore him) I adore him and no man has come closer then that I really love him, he's my baby fa sho (I love him) I can show him I love hime more then ever before (really love him) And he don't know I'm in love like ??? (I love him) I adore him and no man has come closer then that (I adore him) Ain't nothin' out there for me, this is where I wanna be I den already been in the streets, and aint came across nothin' So sweet he the only man that I love, and I don't need more Then one so don't worry when I'm hangin' out, he's the only one That I'm thinkin' about [Missy] Look, you goin' or what? [Beyonce] Go ahead I'ma stay here wit' my man Ain't nothin' out there for me [Missy] There's alotta guys wit' cash and they like to spend money fast Now is you sure about dat? [Beyonce] I'm chillin' wit' my man wha part don't you understand? Yeah I'm sure about dat [Missy] I think you should really go I heard the party is outta control, make sure you sure about that [Beyonce] I don't care about no club Cuz my man is all I love, yeah I'm sure about that [Missy] Don't let em' blow ya high go out and have a nice time, is you sure about that? [Beyonce] Girl I do not get high and wit' I'm spendin' all my time, yeah I'm about that [Missy] Ok stay wit cha man, I'll be at the club doin' my dance, woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Under Construction Song: Slide Typed by: camillionknowns@yahoo.com [Intro: Missy] This is another Missy Elliot exclusive [Verse 1: Missy] My twinkies look stinky on the Benz And don't I gotta look sweet for my mens And make em think I got a whole bunch of paper And even date a ball player from the Lakers Now fake a take and make em holler at cha later Shake em Wake em and tell em what to get my ass from Jacob's That's the way a real diva like to floss it Buy a car no matter what is costs Of course it's my Rolle Royce's making noises Tell you who the motherfucking boss is I'm driving, you walking that's why you talking See the chrome spinning on the wheels stop jocking I`mma let you know real nice and slow I'll be broke as a joke if I had to be a Hoe So poor, Missy on the rise like the sun If you think that I`am done, I ain`t even begun Slide, Slide, Dip, Dip, Shake Move it all around, Move it all around Slide, Slide, Dip, Dip, Shake Move it all around, Move it all around [Verse 2: Missy] Feel the bombastic in ya back head 15"s putting holes in ya back head Bbboomp bbboomp bbboomb bbboomb Don't it sound so fantastic My Lamborghini disappears like Houdini Two Twenty can't see me in the bottle like a Genie Tinny, Whinny, now hate me like you hate to eat your Wheaties Now here's a free-be, I`mma let you see me on T.V Accepting my Emmy on a Grammy in Miami I hit you with the one, two wami You no tooth granny, with a hole in her panties And I don't give a shit if you can't stand me Cause I is what I is, and what Iam is like my Mame And I don't mean to sound to petty But they use to call me Fetty until I got with Puff Daddy Slide, Slide, Dip, Dip, Shake Move it all around, Move it all around Slide, Slide, Dip, Dip, Shake Move it all around, Move it all around [Verse 3:Missy] My rims keep turnin and turnin Tires burnin through Queens and Mount Vernon And yes its my concern that: Your chain Platinum or is it really Sterling I'm old school I'll rock a Sherlin From New Jers heard all the way to Berlin And that's for certain, Behind every curtain is a snake bitch lurking and she about to catch a hurtin Mr. Moes on the beats, and Missy be the beats behind the beats My record sales don't jump or do leaps And while you sleep I'm on the ground as I creep (you should creep) I got Pumas on my feet, Fresh gear everyday, every week You know I keep it hot for my peeps Never cheap underground like the streets Slide, Slide, Dip, Dip, Shake Move it all around, Move it all around Slide, Slide, Dip, Dip, Shake Move it all around, Move it all around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Lil' Mo Album: Under Construction Song: Play That Beat Typed by: Spilliseats@aol.com To the beat y'all, play that beat (5x) (This is a Missy Elliott exclusive) [1st Verse] When you wanna go around the world (I'm ready) And if you want me to fight your ex-girl for you (I'm ready 2x) If you need me to cook you meals (I'm ready) And if you want me to come and chill with you boy (Suga' I'm ready) You don't know how you got me I've never been in so, but not me I was always told not to be Givin' up the [cat] easy Something you do reminds me Friends be tryin' to stop me They can't believe you got me Givin' up the [cat] easy [2nd Verse] When you need a backrub from working all day (I'm ready) Uh when you need a chick to come over right away (I'm ready) (Like this) When you need me to wash your clothes boy (I'm ready) When you need me on the phone to curse out the hoes (Suga' I'm ready) Boy there ain't none quite like you Ask me and I'll always do Cuz' I got this thing for you You know what a little [cat] can do [Repeat] I'm ready when your baby momma trips So just call me come in doin' backwards flips My darling Would you like me bust her lips Cuz' I'm ready, show you I'm the realest chick And I love you I'll do what you want me to do I said I love you For you I'm more than a crew I'm Mrs. Do-right Can't go wrong with me I said R-E-D-Y Always on time Uh, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliot Album: Under Construction Song: Ain't That Funny Typed by: Lilshortyfalife@aol.com (Intro: Missy) This is another Missy Elliot exclusive [Verse 1: Missy] I remember when yo ass was broke, so in love wit me You were always at home, always talkin bout "loan me this, loan me that, now gimme gimme" And then ya got doe, and decide ya wanna leave Gotta few chicks checkin for ya now, huh, you forgot about me (Ain't it funny) When ya man gets money I bet you can't find him But when he come home beggin You can't deny him Where he at when you need him? (he's out lookin cute) But when he need a few dollers He know who to run to [Verse 2] We would go out, I had to pay for everything I never had to worry about you fuckin 'round You used to tell me "Yea I love ya, No one above ya" Then I bought you clothes, I made ya look like a king Then the girls started flirtin wit ya ass, huh, and you forgot about me (Ain't it funny) [Hook] I'll be the one you runnin to when yo pockets is low And you outta cash flow And the chicks don't want you no mo' (Beat comes back in) Be the one you runnin to When you got no mo' gas In those buses, catchin cabs And the chicks don't see you no mo' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Under Construction Song: Hot Typed by: UCantHandleDiz69@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Missy) This is an old school Missy exclusive [Verse 1] Look I ain't on no ra-ra shit You dont wanna test how far Miss get Me and Tim's cars got kits But we don't drive around trying to prove you shit Everyone trying to be that bitch  but there can only be one bitch, make hits I know I must make y'all sick Cuz Everytime I spit you beg to quit I used to drive a six  And now I drive a mercala gold and shit On the plush gold seats to sit And I own my own click  Man I must admit And my S is it Misdemeanor have you seen she the best it get And those who try to test this chick Where they at right now in peace restinin' (Chorus) If you broke Just say you broke Cuz' all you blowin up ya ass is some smoke See we rich folks, we buy boats And you is a broke bum nigga that's for sure I know you broke just say you broke Cuz' all you blowin' out ya is some smoke Cuz rich folks we buy boats And you is a broke bum liar that's for sure [Verse 2] Yeah boo you know you a joke Wear a fake Rolex, call it a Ro Claim you down with so and so Ya whack on whack, bows I came to throw I might just let you mop my flo' Here my autograph take this flick to go (CHEESE) Miss don't say no mo' Cuz you know what I do  And you know what I know And I dont think so  You dont wanna lose a arm or elbow If ya broke man just say so Cuz that bentley that you renting Man its got to go Back to the black man sto' Along with ya weave cop a new afro Why you wanna make Miss stoop so low But if you try to test me I just check ya slow (Chorus) If you broke Just say you broke Cuz' all you blowin up ya ass is some smoke Cuz we rich folks, we buy boats And you is a broke bum nigga that's for sure I know you broke just say you broke Cuz' all you blowin' out ya is some smoke Cuz rich folks we buy boats And you is a broke bum liar that's for sure [Verse 3] In old school we used to call out names But I ain't tryin' to get y'all all my fame My credit card gonna bring ya pain To know ya bank account just don't change No need to wreck ya brains Trying to see who Missy gon' slain I roll solo not with a gang Don't carry guns kick ass wit a chain Don't let me say it again Don't carry guns kick ass with a chain (WHASSSSA) Like a chinese man Reverse it  (ti esrever) Know what I'm saying (Chorus) If you broke Just say you broke Cuz' all you blowin up ya ass is some smoke Cuz we rich folks, we buy boats And you is a broke bum nigga that's for sure I know you broke just say you broke Cuz' all you blowin' out ya is some smoke Cuz rich folks we buy boats And you is a broke bum liar that's for sure The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ TLC Album: Under Construction Song: Can You Hear Me Typed by: the_r_com@hotmail.com [Intro: Ms. Haugton phone call] I been checkin' on your moms and dad (uh) And your brother since the day you left (left) Passed on and went away with God (uh) But for your momma its been so damn hard  I hate to even hear her cry (cry) Aaliyah she asked me why (why) Would her baby girl go this way (oh) Can you give me better words to say  Come one day she'll see you again  With the same ol' beatiful smile  Long hair and the voice of a hummin' bird You'll be singing them same ol' songs  Aaliyah can you hear me  I hope that you're proud of me  Me and Tim we been doin' our thing But its never been the same since you had to go I ain't never met a friend more incredible  Ohhh...  [TLC] I know you're in real good hands  With God but damn I miss you  Aaliyah if you see Left Eye Will you tell her  Me and 'Boz miss her too  Cuz no one's gonna fill her space (uh uh) T-C L not replaced  Y'all the reasons we learned to love (love) Fly high wit' your 22 doves  [Chorus 2] One day we'll see her again  With the same ol' beautiful smile  Crazy but sexy cool  And she'll be rappin' them same ol' songs  Lisa can you hear me  We hope that you're proud of us  TLC has come a long way  But its never been the same since you had to go  Cuz the healin' process will be long and slow  Yeah  Aaliyah I know you're in a safer place  You're face to face with the creator and our maker  And if you and Left Eye happen to chat  Tell her me and Tionne we know she's much safer  If you see Biggie smalls up in the clouds Tell him he's still the illest emcee we had around 2Pac there is only one, Big Pun RIP We say one (one yeah yeah)  [Chorus 3] One day we'll see y'all again With the same ol' beautiful smiles All styles so many styles And y'all be doin' the same old things The last time we seen ya We hope y'all can change the world Let 'em see how short life be It will never be the same since ya had to go To the music world y'all are incredible  Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Under Construction (Japanese Import) Song: Drop the Bomb Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com This is a Missy Elliott (uh) heavy hitter Oh, now put your back into it, uh I'm a pro, motherfuckers let me do it, let me do it To the left, one, two, three, move it, whoo Off beat, uh, yeah, watch my feet, yeah, whoo I'm bout to just go lose it, uh Like somebody slippin' x in my juices, uh And now I'm dancin' like I'm under the influence Shake my ass, I don't owe you no excuses, ooh No, n-no, n-no, I didn't, uh See my jeans fittin', let me take you from your bitches, whoo Furs and cars, it make me no difference Independent woman but I still spend your riches What you got, I got the club so hot, so hot And they strippin' from the boxers to the socks, uh I'm in the corner cos I like to look a lot, uh I like to see what's hot then let me go to marry it If you chillin' in New York, drop the bomb on it Livin' in LA, drop the bomb on it Wildin' in DC, drop the bomb on it You need to drop, drop, drop, drop the bomb on it If you're ridin' in Detroit, drop the bomb on it Cadillac-ey too, drop the bomb on it ATL, dirty, drop the bomb on it You need to drop, drop, drop, drop the bomb on it Yeah, uh, go head and drop the bomb on me Call 9, 1, 1, this a crime on me, uh The flow that I throw be hard to follow From ? ? straight to Chicago, yeah, ooh I love the way the track sittin', yeah Me and Timothy, whoo, la, good rhythms Easy on the beat, whoo, la, you didn't, uh, uh Slidin' in my slips like I'm Rick James' freak, freak I'm havin' fun with ya son, uh Ain't twenty-one, tell 'em don't need to come, uh Way too young to get the taste of yum yum I'm way too drunk off Bacardi and rum, uh Don't act dumb, drop it where you from Rich or bum, it don't mean nothing, whoo You need this heat cos the track overdone, uh Radio drop the bomb on this one, whoo If you from Miami, drop the bomb on it From Louisville, drop the bomb on it Vacation in VA, drop the bomb on it You need to drop, drop, drop, drop the bomb on it If you live in Las Vegas, drop the bomb on it Or chillin' in Philly, drop the bomb on it New Jersey, Brits, drop the bomb on it You need to drop, drop, drop, drop the bomb on it Ring the alarm, somebody dropping by, whoa, yay, whoo ? ? I'm a park it in valet, uh Let my ass shake like a truck on the highway, uh Stayin' on my toes like I been doing ballet And if it snows I'm going back to Cali, uh No, n-no, n-no you didn't, uh Put the track on, nigga, stop that bullshittin', uh Ain't got no time, need a track that's hittin' And if it's hittin', here's a bomb for your listen, ooh If you live in Alabama, drop the bomb on it Stay in Mississippi, drop the bomb on it Chill in Ohio, drop the bomb on it You need to drop, drop, drop, drop the bomb on it If you live in Texas, drop the bomb on it From Mexico, drop the bomb on it People everywhere, drop the bomb on it, come on You need to drop, drop, drop, drop the bomb on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Mary J. Blige Album: This is Not a Test Song: Intro * Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com * included because of Missy's actual rap 	[Missy] (Mary) Ay yo Mary, I need you to vibe with me on this one Uh, uh, check it As I grab my pad and pen and begin to talk from within Oh God, my eyes, they water like a preacher who sins I'm only human but, the world has put me on a platform Since the day I was born, to only wait for my downfall But like a brick wall I'm too hard to break Okay I do make mistakes but I'm the realest from the fake That's why I'm the hardest to hate, Aaliyah, baby girl I've learned to love those while they're still awake Sleep, sleep, and prepare a place for those who are good In the projects and hood, gifted or misunderstood I know Lisa, Pac and Biggie and Jay and Pun are still number one There will be more of us to come (ohh) I am a leader, a teacher, a guider (ooh) Like a single parent provider (ooh) Putting back those hip-hop dividers Like a priest with a back slider I've sinned but I win And anyone we've lost in life or nine eleven We'll be sure to see again (ooh, hoo) 	[Mary] What you hear is not a test (ooh) I'm rocking to the beat (I'm rocking to the beat) See me and my crew and my friends (and) We're gonna try to move your feet (move around, move around) See I am Mary Blige (yes I am) And I'd like to say hello (thank you for inviting me) To the black to the white, the read and the brown The purple and yellow (everybody) But first you gotta, but first you gotta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: This is Not a Test Song: Pass That Dutch Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro] Listen up everyone! we have been just informed That there's an unknown virus that's attacking all clubs Symptoms have been said to be - heaving breathing Wild dancing, coughing So when you hear the sound - WHO-DI-WHOOOO! Run for cover motherfucker! WOOOOOO! Ahh daddy! Ooooo! Ah! oh, ooh! Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ooh) Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ah) Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ah) Pass that dutch (whoo), pass that dutch [Verse - 1] Misdemeanor on the flow, pretty boy here I come Pumps in the bunk make you wanna hurt something I can take your man I don't have to sex em Hang em out the window call me Micheal Jackson (hehehee!) I'm a pain in your rectum, I am that bitch y'all slept on Heavy hitter, rhyme spitter, call me Re-Run Hey hey hey, I'm what's happ'nin Now to get my drink (that's right!) Shake ya ass till it stink (that's right!) Mr. Mos' on the beat (that's right!) Put it down for the streets (that's right!) (WHO-DI-WHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch, pass that dutch Come on pass the dutch baby! (ahh!) Shake-shake shake ya stuff baby! (WHO-DI-WHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat (ahh!) Don't stop, get it till ya clothes get wet [Verse - 2] Number one - drums go bump, bump, bump This beat here will make you hoomp, boomp, jump If you's a fat one, put your clothes back on Before you start putting pot holes in my lawn Oh my God, show em I'm large Shove my beat up, attack like my name was Saddam I am the bomb from New York to Milan And I can write a song sicker than Jeffrey Dahm' (Woop woop!) Don't touch my car alarm Break in my car you will hear "Viper Armed" I've been a superstar since Daddy Kane was raw I'm live on stage, c'mon and give me some applause {*applause*} "Thank you! oh thank you, you all are so wonderful!" [Interlude] Listen up, you have five seconds to catch your breath Five - four - three - two - one {*alarm rings*} [Verse - 3] Pop that, pop that, make that money Just keep it going, like the Energizer Bunny Shake that, shake that, move it all around Spank that, yank that, dutch back now Freak him, freak her, whatever ya choice Didn't come to judge, I came to get ya moist Scream - (WHO-DI-WHOOOOOOO!) now my voice is lost Can I get a ride on the white horse? {*horse neighing*} [Outro] Pop that Pass tha dutch baby! Jiggle that fat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Jay-Z Album: This is Not a Test Song: Wake Up Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Missy Elliott] {*w/ echoes*} Hey yo Hov.. tell em Hip-Hop better wake up [Jay-Z] Yeah! Turn the muh'fucking music up! Breezy! Yeah! Turn the muh'fucking music up! [Verse 1 - Missy Elliott] Motherfuckers better wake up Stop selling crack to the blacks Hope ya brought a spare for ya flat Cain has sent me talking real facts Down the hill like Jill and Jack Got speak what yo weak mind lacks Ya heard that? I'm creative to the fullest "Whachu talking bout Willis?" Cause you talk it never kill it I hear but don't feel it Thou ain't realest, ya just sweet meat in the village Yeah I'm a Don Diva Don Niva Y'all not seen her, heater squeezed into a wife beater Yep I'm a top leader, I got the Martin Luther King fever I'm a feed ya whacha teacha' need to preach ya It's time to get serious, black people all areas Who gon carry us? It ain't time to bury us Cause music be our first love, say 'I Do' let's cherish it [Chorus - Missy Elliott] If you don't got a gun (it's all right) It you makin legal money (it's all right) If you got to keep your clothes on (it's all right) You ain't got a cellular phone (it's all right) And your wheels don't spin (it's all right) And you gotta wear them jeans again (it's all right) Yeah, if you tried oh well (it's all right) Emcees stop the beef, let's sell (it's all right) [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] Hip-Hop better wake up, the bed to make ups Some of y'all be faker than the dragon make up Got issues to take up, before we break up Like Electra let go, Missy need a baker I love Jacob, but jewelry won't fix my place up Gotta stay up, studio nights to cake up Now check my flavor, rich folks is now my neighbors I got cable, now check out how I made my paper Hip-Hop don't stop, be my Lifesaver Like Kobe and Shaq if they left Lakers I'm like an elevator DJ on the crossfader Black people wake up I'll see your ass later [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] + (Missy) I need rims that don't listen and a booming system First piece of change I see, I'm gon get one 7:45 - no lights to drive I ain't even got a home, I guess I'll live in my ride Fuck it!... ("rewind" - *echoes*) "I can hear myself, but I can't feel myself I'm wanna feel myself like Tweet" 7:45 - no lights to drive I ain't even got a home, I guess I'll live in my ride Fuck it, couple karats in the ear won't hurt Need a nice chain, laying on this thousand dollar shirt Ivizu Jeans cover the rectum, my kick game just like David Beckham Anybody in my way, I wet them I'ma be this way till the cops come catch 'em Till detectives sketch em On the sidewalk wit chalk, New York's infections Till I got taught a lesson Couple niggas gone, couple went Corrections, Hillary got ten Till I got fifteen, nigga even my kin Got five years bringin nineteen in But just think I used to think like them Now they gotta live through the pictures that I send them in the pen Hope you don't start ya life where I end... WAKE UP! [*"Wake Up" - repeated to chorus*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Elephant Man Album: This is Not a Test Song: Keep it Movin Typed by: shirley_dikmoet@planet.nl * * send corrections to the typist [Missy Elliott] Eh yo Timb, you know Niggas like Dr Dre and the Neptunes and Just Blaze They should be so hot they be keepin us workin yah feel me But but that nigga R. Kelly He got one of the illest lines when he say "Is anybody feelin freaky" [Elephant Man] + (Missy Elliott) Man up...yep, good to go Ele-phant Man and Missy Elliott (yeah) Ladies keep it movin (uh) Gi dem di dance now (Its like butter baby, its like butter) Buss di dance now (Its like butter baby, its like butter [x3]) Missy, Elliot Ladies windin around Tweet show dem kindly how fi do it (Whoo) Come on [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] When you hear the song, role down yah window Let the music thump yeah, thump thump thump thump Take a walk in the club, thats how I roll You look so so down, so so so so Now when you step out on the scene, so fresh so clean Lookin like a wet dream, yo know what I mean Its about that, what time would that be? Wind yah waist line to the base line Slow it down now get the beat right Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Buss yah (oh) grove (oh) n we gon' (oh )keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Shake shake (oh) yah body (oh) we gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Shake shake (oh) yah body (oh) they gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Buss yah (oh) grove (oh) n we gon' (oh )keep it (oh) movin (oh) [Verse 2: Missy Elliott] If you know you look good, say so say so And you dont give a [ding], hell no hell no Put yah hands in the air yeah, get yo hands up Baby bounce baby bounce, get low get low 2 shots in yah club, yep just whats up Get Timb to fill it up, yep just whats up Its about that time, what time would that be Wind yah waist line to the base line Slow it down now get the beat right Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Buss yah (oh) grove (oh) n we gon' (oh )keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Shake shake (oh) yah body (oh) we gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Shake shake (oh) yah body (oh) they gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Buss yah (oh) grove (oh) n we gon' (oh )keep it (oh) movin (oh) [Verse 3: Elephant Man] Keep it movin love the way yah body groovin Watch yah groovin, perspire sweat you losin Put yah shoes in, dis ya dance a keep you movin Its soodin, like dis yah ina di humma crusin Take! di! dance! floor!, stop pretend like you nu hear Mi see booty hear booty there booty shakin everywhere Ina di club, ina di bar, ina di pool, ina di square At di afta party mi see shakin booty i'll be der Make! way!, move!, when big mamma appear Just a back it up cock it up jock it up like she nuh care Sai she was one a di chear leada fi Chigaco here Everyting a dissappear when she appear Come on Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Buss yah (oh) grove (oh) n we gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Shake shake (oh) yah body (oh) we gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) Shake shake (oh) yah body (oh) they gon' (oh) keep it (oh) movin (oh) Keep it (oh) movin (oh), keep it (oh) movin (oh) [Elephant Man] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Fabolous Album: This is Not a Test Song: Is This Our Last Time Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Yeah, ok, y'all know how I do it From old school rap to old school R&B Yep, that's me, heh We gon' do it one time like this Oh, oh, come on I remember when we first made love (yeah) It was so good Nigga I was whipped and all into it (yeah) Off of that good wood (come on) And if I could I would pursue it But you won't let me do it (yeah) I'm like the first time around with playboy You keep putting me down (mm) I can't keep running away from you (hah) But the sex don't feel the same (uh), no, no, no (whoo) You don't hold me nor kiss me like you used to I can tell your feelings changed (ooh, come on) It must be some other bitch that's taken up your time (hah) If it is then let me know (uh), ohh (ooh) So I won't call you over to taste a piece of this good pie Why you don't fuck me like before (yeah) I like the first time, I like the first time I like the first time, I like the first time I like the first time, talking bout the second time I like the first time, I like the first time I like the first time, I like the first time I like the first time, talking bout the second time I remember when we first made love (uh) It felt so good you made me cry, mm, mm, mm, aha But now you just rush to get it over (come on) And it don't (uh) feel like the first time (ah) I like the first time, I like the first time I like the first time, I like the first time (aha) I like the first time, talking bout the second time (yeah) I like the first time, I like the first time (uh) I like the first time, I like the first time (ah, come on) I like the first time, talking bout the second time (uh) Yeah you probably the first girl I'm sprung on, I'm hung on the spots yeah Put your lips and tongue on, you made me a fan I took the cards that you dealt and made me a hand, aha It's the feelings that I felt that made me a man, aha Now I'm fighting to get it back like Mike Tyson I wanna grab my helmet and ride but you took my bike license I just wanna do it like we did it before, uh Cindarella you was with it before (ooh) Now when I bring your slipper you act like you don't fit it no more Like I got it, but I can't get it no more And I ain't usually a chaser cause write with my pencil But also know how to use my eraser, yeah And at the present time I think about the past, uh Think about yo ass, uh, and can I see it in the future If I see ya I'll salute ya Cause for your loving I'm a soldier Mommy, I thought I told ya Why you dogging me out (aha), is this our last time (uh, uh) Say it again, why you doggin me out Oh what shall I do (oh), yeah (mm) Tell me what I've done to you, oh (come on) Yeah, aha, let the beat ride, hah, mm Then work that, work that, work that, work that, uh Yeah, hah, let the beat ride, uh Come on and work that, come on and work that Come on, come on, sing I like the first time, I like the first time (come on) I like the first time, I like the first time (aha) I like the first time, talking bout the second time (whoo) I like the first time, I like the first time (hah) I like the first time, I like the first time (yeah) I like the first time, talking bout the second time (uh, come on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: This is Not a Test Song: I'm Really Hot Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist Ho!.....Ho Ho!.....Ho,Go Go! Ho!.....Ho Ho!.....Ho,Go Go! I'm..I'm..I'm..I'm..I'm Really Really Hot..Hot.Hot.Hot..Hot(scratches) (Verse 1) Let me holla at the DJ Come on DJ put that record on the replay Don't you see how them bitches move they booty Every time you play this record smell they coochie, follow them Screamin like a groupie Misdemeanor move my nookie like a hoochie Fuck them haters, haters fuck whatever you say Because you know I'm too cool for you anyway I'm just a bad bitch M-I-S miss I'm gone keep talking shit till you get this I'm gone bust up in the club with no guest list The other artists I'll keep em' all restless I don't french kiss, unless it's 50 cent Vivica we can share him like the president Tabloids I don't care it's irrelavent I'm heaven sent now watch how I do this shit (Chorus) Ho!.....Ho(I'm..I'm..I'm..I'm) Ho!.....Ho,Go Go! Ho!.....Ho(Hot..Hot.Hot,Hot) Ho!.....Ho,Go Go! I'm really, really hot every time my records drop Radio says I won't stop cause I'm killin' em (Verse 2) You don't know what you talking bout People thank I was Suge when I come out My album hit hard when I roll out Y'all records make a bitch wanna throw em out, and that's no doubt See I rock bells, Fly as hell and cool as it verdells baby can't you tell I lick my lips like I'm LL And I'm doin it & doin it & doin it well Srtaight to the hotel I'm sober bitch so boy you gets tail Kiss kiss and still you gets nowhere Just two blue balls down in your underwear, I play unfair I'm a hot gal, fly cars & stars in strip bars it aint hot if I'm not there I'm a true playa, you can find me up in any record store hurry up & get yours (Chorus) (Verse 3) Look, let me move to the left Go Head, let me feel myself Touch my chest my sweat Show the DJ how I shake my brest Jingle, Jingle, Jangle Watch how my glu-de-ous dangle I do a one-two step STOP! No I aint done yet Everybody in the club go to work Tight jeans, crop shirts, short skirts I'm gone rock to the beat till it hurt I'm gone drop it on the street yeah you heard Haters I flip the bird, Got guns so what I aint scread I came to boogy and swerve, Hang-line folk that's my word (Chorus & Release yourself) Release...yourself Release...yourself I'm Really Hot(scratches) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Missy Elliott f/ R. Kelly Album:	This is Not a Test Song:	Dats What I'm Talkin' Bout Typed by: True_HB@msn.com [Missy] Uhhhh Ahhhh! Have you ever been in the mind of a virgin? It gets hot and curious (And ooaaa) Well let me take you there Are you ready, boy? Come on baby, strap up, cause it might get serious (uh ooaaa!) Now there will be some heat and some friction Don't get alarmed cause I'll put ice just to chill the night (I'm just being polite) And I want to see if you're into it Intimate kisses and huggings so sentiment (ohhhhh!) With you I might wanna spend my life [Chorus 1] You make the freak come up out me Dats what I'm talkin' bout Go 'head like it's my birthday Dat-dats what I'm talking bout You make me say oooaa! 'til I can't speak Dats what I'm talkin' bout Baby dat-dats what I'm talking bout Dat-dats what I'm talkin' bout You don't know just what you do, yea Dats what I'm talkin' bout When I'm rocking, slow dance with you Dat-dats what I'm talking bout Cause you put chills on my arm when we kiss, yea Dats what I'm talkin' bout Baby that-that's what I'm talking bout Dat-dats what I'm talking bout.. ALRIGHT! [R. Kelly] Now all I wanna do is, baby Is make your dove cry and make your body scream like AAHHHHH! Bet your bottem dollar Can make you believe that you can fly (Yea) Well, one hit of this sex weed Guaranteed to get you high Like a mutha for ya (No, baby) You won't even know what day it is Cause after I come from downtown Girl I'ma wanna go another round, yea Until you tell me carrisley stop Put it like this It's like fresh up out the kitchen The way I got your oven so hot, mama I'ma hit from the back, and the front, then the side, then bounce it up and down like this And baby, everyone gonna say you're a pimp Cause I'ma have ya walking with a limp [Chorus 2] You make the freak come up out me Dats what I'm talkin' bout Go 'head like it's my birthday Dat-dats what I'm talking bout You make me say oooaa! 'til I can't speak Dats what I'm talkin' bout Baby dat-dats what I'm talking bout Dat-dats what I'm talking bout You don't know just what you do, yea Dats what I'm talkin' bout When I'm rocking, slow dance with you Dat-dats what I'm talking bout Cause you put chills on my arm when we kiss, yea Dats what I'm talkin' bout Baby dat-dats what I'm talking bout Dat-dats what I'm talking bout [BRIDGE: Missy] Sex me, like me Kiss me, hold me Touch me, feel me Do me baby, yea Cause.. Sex me, like me Kiss me, hold me Touch me, feel me Do me baby, yea (R. Kelly: This is the greatest bridge I ever heard) ALRIGHT! Yea, Fo shizzle my nizzle you sho nuff the dizzle And that's on the rizzle, ooooo Boy, you feel me sizzle (feel me sizzle) So sweet helped me do almost anything [CHORUS 2] w/ad-libs [MUSIC FADES] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Beenie Man, Monica Album: This is Not a Test Song: Don't Be Cruel Typed by: rpinkall@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Beenie Man] Zaga, Zaganaga, You hear she moans? Boom! [Missy] Aye yo Monica, won't you help me and Timb change dis shit up again, yea, hit'em [Monica] Ooh you turn me on,so boy don't lye I will never show you (?) so don't try you all I want,like when Prince made doves cry And all I'm sayin to you is dont be cruel [Chorus-Missy] Yo baby pop, yea you, come and give me a kiss Betta make it fast, or else I'm gonna get pissed Don't you hear the music pumpin' hard, like I wish you would Now push it (awww), push it, push it real good [Monica] Don't get me wrong, that's just me I just want you to be all you can be like in the army Don't try to play me boy cuz I'm nobody's fool And all I'm sayin' to you is don't be cruel [Missy Talkin] Now, now, now wait a minute ya'll this is for all the fly sexy people so when I say get out on the floor go to the floor, dance I said [Bridge-Beenie Man] Gala (Yea) Run to me one and only bed (Yea) Run man, run get ya rag (Yea) Girls if ya holla give me head Call 9-1-1 cuz one more dead now (Yea) Run to me one and only bed (Yea) Run man, run get ya rag (Yea) [?] every last said Call 9-1-1 cuz one more dead now [Beenie Man] Drop dem shings and let's get busy girl Hold on tight and don't get dizzy girl Sorry for ya dizzy, got me on I be fizzy or a kizzy Just woke up in my bedroom wizzy While ya on break let yo kitty air Like magic song at 3rd, like a pier Girl you bout to explode ya frontier Cuz I got to direct this, a poonany engineer See ya kno ya can olly-wa Early heard I came here wit cha Don't be mockin,ya not ordering me chalk you got to learn a lesson, not a walk in the park, yo Let's show'em how to punk dem out Max'em out like mercurtic kwa I'm talkin bout let me date me a frog Burn you a [?] [Bridge-Beenie Man] Gala (Yea) Run to me one and only bed (Yea) Run man, run get ya rag (Yea) Girls if ya holla give me head Call 9-1-1 cuz one more dead now (Yea) Run to me one and only bed (Yea) Run man, run get ya rag (Yea) [?] every last said Call 9-1-1 cuz one more dead now [Fade Into Toyz skit] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: This is Not a Test Song: Toyz Typed by: willofragdoll@yahoo.com [INTRO] Whatchu mean I don't need you no more? Cause I don't! I gotta bag full of toys and I don't need none of your boys So you can hit every chick on the block Cause I'm gone be alright once I turn this power on, ya dig? [VERSE 1] Toys! You don't get the job done when I need a little loving So I gotta do it myself if I wanna feel something So I grab me a toy, 'lil boo ain't buggin' Now I want some affection and you ain't giving me nothing [CHORUS] A toy, every girl must have a toy The way it make you feel Every girl has a toy now, baby! A toy, every girl must have a toy The way it make you feel (Uh, c'mon!) [VERSE 2] I keep my butterfly close when you ain't wanna be bothered Don't come waking me up, cause I ain't giving you nada Cause I got me a toy (Tooooy) And it works for me and it lasts longer than the battery So you best believe that [CHORUS] [VERSE 3] I used to wish that you would love me And fantasize on how we used to be Until I discovered something better than you I don't need, no need, your loving You wanna come home late at night touchin' and feelin' all over me But I don't need no help in pleasing me Oh! [CHORUS] [OUTRO] How could I miss you baby, I didn't even know you was gone It's obvious you aren't needed in the bedroom anymore I'm just keeping myself occupied like all women do when they are taking a bath And when you leave, make sure you don't slam the door because you fuck up my concentration Tooooy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: This is Not a Test Song: Let it Bump Typed by: HarlemKnghtrss88@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Timbaland] Gotta cut the music up man [Missy Elliott] AAhhhh [Timbaland] Gotta cut the music up man [Verse 1 - Missy Elliott] I'm-I'm-I'm Mi-Mi-Mi-Missy Radio play m all the time Write my own rhymes and I swear I'm fly This flow here form 83 From a to z you can't fuck wit me Me and Timbaland man I'll be damn Remember when Lyte was in love wit Sam I used to be in love wit this guy name Sam But to me oh my Gosh he was one in a million I came through cause I rock the show  Wack MC's get kicked in the throat Keep on sleepin cause you think I'm a joke Uh, Uh, Uh Let it bump (Let it bump) [Chorus 2x] [Missy] (Timbaland) I'm Missy I'm-I'm Let it bump (Let it bump) I'm Missy Let it bump (Let it bump) I'm Missy I'm Missy on the microphone (Gotta cut the music up man) [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] I'm Missy on the microphone I'm stupid fresh that's the shit I'm on {come on} Sucka MC's come new in the game Swear ya hip-hop you just a new jack swing {uh) Remember when Shantay was live on stage  Shantay was live on stage Let me back that shit up  For ya for ya no hip-hoppers I'm Missy on the microphone I'm stupid fresh that's the shit I'm on Sucka MC's come new in the game Swear ya hip-hop but don't know Daddy Kane This time Missy rhyme crazy though Haters wanna know my antidote Try to catch up cause ya mind is slow [Chorus 2x] [Missy] (Timbaland) [Break] Missy & (Timbaland) (Gotta cut the music up man) Me and Timba-Timba-Timba-Timba Timbaland Me and Timbaland man I'll be damn (Cut Cut Cut-cu-cu cut the music up man) (Cut Cut Cut-cu-cu cut the music up man) [Verse 3 - Timbaland] Me and Missy come fresh on tracks {oh} 5 albums deep can ya handle that {that} We came from the basement to platinum plaques {plaques} We sittin on something this black on black {oh} Jimmy Dean, he's the engineer {neer} A nigga been down for about 10 years {years} Fixin that stuff to make it sound so clear {clear} Uh, Uh, Uh Let it bump (Let it bump) [Chorus 2x] [Missy] (Timbaland) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Nelly Album: This is Not a Test Song: Pump It Up Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Missy Elliott] {Nelly} Hey yo, Nelly! This is fire {What you talkin' about, girl?} Let's make it hot for the clubs {Missy!} Wooooo! (*"This is fire!" cut and scratched*) [Verse 1 - Missy Elliott] Down South girls got them real BIG BUTTS Real big butts make ya man wanna look (OH!) Back it up, flip it up, skinny girls - eugh! Love my guts, so fuck a tummy tuck (Oh yeaaah?) Yeah! I shakes my butt I shakes my gut like "yeah, bitch what?" Yeah I likes it rough, tough Ask your man how I'm good in handcuffs Me and Nelly came to rock the club Pack the place, don't push or shove Out of the club, straight to the crib I'll let you know if the sex was good [Hook - Missy Elliott] + {Timbaland} Pump it up! {Show me love, G} Pump it up! {Let me see what you working wit'} Pump it up! {Let me see those big-ass hips} Pump it up! {Pump it up} This is how me and Nelly pump it up Pump it up! {Show me love, G} Pump it up! {Let me see what you workin wit'} Pump it up! {Let me see those big-ass hips} Pump it up! {Pump it up} C'mon [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] DOWN SOUTH PLAYERS! WE GOT THAT FIRE MADE! Get up on my booty, tutti-fruiti on the rooty I'm a thick chick, skinny girls act snooty No matter what your size, my big thighs'll do my duty Look at the way my rump shake like a movie (SAY WHAAAT?) See my tight jeans and the coochie Spend a little looty, you gotta WORK for the booty (Yup) Me and Nelly HOT ON THE TRACK (Track!) Nelly, can't no-one EVER TOP THAT (Top that!) Niggaz we came to rock the club (C'mon!) DJs better Pump It Up Motherfuckers need to back it up 'Cause we gon' tear the roof off the club [Hook] (*beat stops, needle crackling*) [Missy] *talking* You know, Down South chicks got big asses and we a little heavy sometime, but when you're from the South, we don't call that "fat". We call that "big-boned". Fo' sho (*scratching, beat starts again*) [Verse 3 - Nelly] Yeah, ma! I heard you like the magic stick Me? I got the gadget stick, it's like "Go, go, gadget dick" You know, make you climb the walls and shit I make her wanna press pause and shit Walk up in the party, girls swingin' they panties They was doing that before I had them brandys I get a little freaky when I'm in my yammy I may act a little freaky but I still got manners It's Nelly, felony, and Missy Misdemeanor Both going down, there's just to many heaters Check the records, we got records that broke records in record time I ain't talkin' about the records that they buyin' Lyin', can a nigga keep up with me? You see I, still standin VI stackin' the "Ride Wit Me" You struggle to recoup I struggle on which Coup' to ride in [Missy] See how we be stylin'? [Hook] (*"This is fire!" cut and scratched to fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: This is Not a Test Song: It's Real Typed by: Cashvilleshawty@yahoo.com [Intro] Yeah, ohhh-ohh Yeaahhh, yeaaa I love you more then my mouth can say I'll take a flight to kingston, anyplace Just to be in yo face [Verse 1] From new york city to japan I'll be there ba-by Just call my phone and I'll come flying On the next plane to you Never worry cause I'm ya woman And I promise ba-by I promise you will be my man Cause baby it's real (real) So real (so real) Can't you tell by the look in my face, yeah Oh baby it's real (it's real) So real (so real) I hope your feeling the same Cause baby it's real [Verse 2] I'll follow you right to the moon It could happen yeah Just so we can be close as cousins With my heart out to you I love you more then words can offer Pay attention ba-by I hope this never ends my lover Cause baby it's real (it's real) So real (so real) Can't you tell by the look in my face, yeah Oh baby it's real (it's real) So real (so real) I hope your feeling the same Cause baby it's real [Bridge] I don't wanna spend a day without you I don't get tired of being by you I don't care bout the things about you Boy it's real So real, so real (so real) Can you tell by the look in my face, yeah Oh baby it's real (it's real) So real (so real) I hope your feeling the same Cause baby it's real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: This is Not a Test Song: Let Me Fix My Weave Typed by: JBlaze912@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist What's up motherfuckers? I need to know is V-A up in this bitch? New York, St. Louis, Chicago, Philly, LA, Atlanta I'm diggin' that But how about the ladies that got a head full of fake weave or braids Holla at ya peoples Oh! C'mon Ooh baby let me fix my weave Touch me up and let me fix my weave You could pick me up about a quarter to 3 Before I walk in the club I gotta fix my weave (Oh) Baby fix my weave Baby baby let me fix my weave On the highway I do above 90 (woo-woo) pull me over get the fake ID I met a guy named Tommy Very charming He was on me like cheese be on macaroni His game real tight making me so horny Fine enough for us to fuck and be his baby mommy You really don't know me So I moves it slowly Brush up and let him hold me Let me spit some baloney Baby you could call me If you go down on me But you got to back up off me Wearing cubic zirconia I told him, “Baby let me fix my weave I got a hair out of place and use a fake ID.” Pepe LePew voulez vous ooh oui You want to misdemeanor me You gotta spend more G's (ohhwee) Ooh baby let me fix my weave Touch me up and let me fix my weave You could pick me up about a quarter to 3 Before I walk in the club I gotta fix my weave (Oohwee) Baby fix my weave Baby baby let me fix my weave On the highway I do above 90 (woo-woo) pull me over get the fake ID I used to date a guy named Chris Sloppy with his kiss But he was good with his tongue I called him Mr. Young One Mr. Young One had a big ding-dong Balls the size of ping-pong I had him souped like won-ton I put the beat on And on my ass he skeet on I put the heat on young gun Fresh meat he season Yes, yes we used to creep down the beach He was insane like Rick James And with a mask he's Superfreak I told him, “Gimme cash to fix my weave And I don't want no excuses ‘bout your baby mommy ‘cause your child support money don't fix my weave and you know nigga please me no fuck for free.” Ooh baby let me fix my weave Touch me up and let me fix my weave You could pick me up about a quarter to 3 Before I walk in the club I gotta fix my weave (Oh) Baby fix my weave Baby baby let me fix my weave On the highway I do above 90 (woo-woo) pull me over get the fake ID I got a call from Joe He used to call me J.Lo Hey-lo, how you doing? Used to ask who I was screwing Joe was pursuing Sex was good all “ooh-in” Moan he was grown He would fuck me ‘til the mo'nin' I used to get vex when he would sex another bitch Said “Baby don't trip, just like Ben I'm rich” Jen don't bitch, then Miss don't bitch Lopez get rich, call me Miss Affleck I tell him, “Baby I need a new weave Because my tracks feel whack, I want to hit the party You want to play like Ben then give me your keys ‘cause even Jen drive a Benz to go fix a weave.” Ooh baby let me fix my weave Touch me up and let me fix my weave You could pick me up about a quarter to 3 Before I walk in the club I gotta fix my weave (Oh) Baby fix my weave Baby baby let me fix my weave On the highway I do above 90 (woo-woo) pull me over get the fake ID To the heavy weave cities Miami, Jersey, D.C., the Carolinas, Detroit, Louisville, Ohio, to all the projects To the beauty salons, and curling irons stitching in that ? hair Okay, oohwee yeah fix your weave Straight up like a perm you heard The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: This is Not a Test Song: Spelling Bee Typed by: jaghab004@bellsouth.net I hope you can s-p-e-l-l Nigga please you don't know me that well I got a truck sittin on sprewells My flow tight as h-e-l-l [Verse One] If you is a h-o-e get a j-o-b I'm h-o-t on the t-o-p Mister Mosely get the b-a-t Dont copy this here cause I done d-i-d It could get h-e-c-t-i-c f-i-s-t in your f-a-c-e Y'all don't know how crazy Missy be Don't toy me I'm outta y'all leauge Yes I'm bulletproof Bitches I ain't foolin' you You better learn a thing or two You don't really want it boo I hope you can s-p-e-l-l Nigga please you don't know me that well I got a truck sittin on sprewells My flow tight as h-e-l-l S-p-e-l-l Nigga please you don't know me that well I got a truck sittin on sprewells My flow tight as h-e-l-l [Verse Two] You just crazy if you think you Jay-Z Sure ain't me cause I r-a-p I'm v-i-p not we that's me Timmy this beat is a h-i-t Listen to the t-r-a-c-k On the M-i-say from the motherfuckin VA Y'all know k-i-g-e-r-ty If y'all ask me y'all style booty I hope you can s-p-e double L I'm double XL y'all can all kiss tail Y'all motherfuckers don't know me that well My level came next and I'm not RL And yes I'm bulletproof Bitches I ain't foolin you You better learn a thing or two You dont really want it boo I hope you can s-p-e-l-l Nigga please you don't know me that well I got a truck sittin on sprewells My flow tight as h-e-l-l S-p-e-l-l Nigga please you don't know me that well I got a truck sittin on sprewells My flow tight as h-e-l-l [Verse Three] I run yo block I run them block (Hah) Crack your windows cause I'm just that hot That you forgot I got a big knot (Cha-Ching) I must of hit the jackpot I must of hit the jackpot cause my purse dont lie The checks don't stop 'till they get writers block Besta call the cops cause it'll put you in shock Like the mind of Tupac I'ma rock 'till I drop A-B-C-D-E-F-G H-I-J-K-L-M-N-O-P u-s-s-y thats pussy for the fake MC who test ME And yes I'm bulletproof Bitches I ain't foolin you You better learn a thing or two You dont really want it boo I hope you can s-p-e-l-l Nigga please you don't know me that well I got a truck sittin on sprewells My flow tight as h-e double l The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ The Clark Sisters Album: This is Not a Test Song: I'm Not Perfect Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com We've been through things, feels like we've been to hell and back And the ones you've lost, I'd give my life if I could bring them back (bring them back, I'd give my life) And your self esteem might be low from what people say (keep holding on) Hold your head up high, I promise it's gonna be ok (ay, oh hey) I'm not perfect just like you (I'm not perfect) So come on let me give you a hug (come on let me give you a hug) I got problems just like you (I got problems) So don't nobody sit here and judge (just like you) I'm not perfect just like you (we're gonna stick together) So come on let me give you a hug (let's stick together) I got problems just like you (woo, ooh, yeah) And everybody needs some love When you're feeling bad, some friends they can't be found (look around, look around, be found) Cause some people love it just to see you when you're down (down, yeah) But it's ok, pick yourself up, start over again (that's what you gotta do) If you try you will, you will succeed in the end (the end, I know you will, oh yeah) I'm not perfect just like you So come on let me give you a hug (come on and let me give you) I got problems just like you (I got problems) So don't nobody sit here and judge (oh, yeah) I'm not perfect just like you (no, no, no, no) So come on let me give you a hug (come on and let me give you a hug) I got problems just like you And everybody needs some love Shake a hand, shake a hand y'all, come on (oh shake somebody's hand) To every woman, every man y'all, come on (oh, to every woman, every man) Tell a friend, tell a friend y'all (ooh, shake a hand with someone) Cause united we stand y'all (united we stand, by body we fall) I'm not perfect just like you (I'm not perfect, I've been through some things too) I'm not perfect just like you I'm not perfect just like you (ohh) I'm not perfect just like you (ohh) Ohh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Mary J. Blige Album: This is Not a Test Song: Outro * Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com * included because of Missy's actual rap 	[Missy] Check it See I don't wanna say that this is the end I'll end by saying this is where we'll begin Hip-hop is a freedom of expression Not a freedom of depression Can I make my one suggestion Look at how we're labelled gangster rappers Is that their only impression, wake up Rap is a craft, art and a rap of sport Something like a game of basketball can't be taught But yet we accept the name thug, like that's fly See how they covered our eyes Give us names to separate us Sit back and watch us beef and make us hate us Say what, I'm done talking Mary J. Blige, let 'em know this is not a test I hear you calling 	[Mary] What you hear is not a test I'm rocking to the beat (I'm rocking to the beat) See me and my crew and my friends We're gonna try to move your feet (move around, move around) See I am Mary Blige (yes I am) And I'd like to say hello (thank you for inviting me) To the black, to the white, the red and the brown The purple and yellow (everybody) But first you gotta, oh, but first you gotta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Mike Jones Album: The Cookbook Song: Joy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [1:36 long skit precedes the actual song] [Elliott] Joyyyyyyyyyyyyyy [scratch] Oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh [Elliott] Joyyyyyyyyyyyyyy [Speak'n'Spell] {*vowel sounds*} [Elliott] Joyyyyyyyyyyyyyy [scratch] Oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh - so sick! [Elliott] Joyyyyyyyyyyyyyy [scratch] Oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh [Speak'n'Spell] {*vowel sounds*} [Missy] Timbo, what they do They try to be like Missy but they have no clue On how I'm spittin over beats the way I move I move so smooth in my shell toe shoes Now put the needle on the record, show'n'prove Since ninety-two I came to win and never lose They try to stop a chubby chick from comin through My belly out and sellin out these venues My skills, will fulfill, those who drink booze My attitude is super cool like I'm subdued And those who fake I take on you and your dudes I rule the streets I break 'em down with no tools And Misdemeanor give the finger to y'all fools (HOLLA!) Whoever doubted that I'm 'bout it check the news And if you snooze on me this year your ass will lose Cause I will bruise, my loose screws is like ooh When I come out get your release dates moved [Chorus: Missy] This year y'all gon' all lose sleep I break 'em off somethin, break 'em off somethin [scratched] This year y'all gon' all lose sleep This year y'all gon' all lose sleep, when I break 'em off somethin, break 'em off somethin (BIG SHOUT OUT TO TIMBERLAND) This year you hear a real MC, when I [slowed up] break break b-b-break break break... [Missy] I flow over a beat that make a chick weave blow And those who try to compete to the wall I throw So I drop it low, 808 kick low Like oh oh-oh oh, oh oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh Mr. Mos', this beat he compose While I kill the track, leave your ears decomposed Fake rappers, this year your lies will be exposed Like oh oh-oh oh, oh Missy steal the show-ow-ow Spit on breakbeats, make rappers lose sleep Make labels unable drop they artists on leak I keep 'em knee deep, need me, be me Hardly, and basically, I do it nice and slow-ow-ow [slowed] I'm slowin, the track down, so you don't miss the shit that Misdemeanor talkin like that chronic get you super high [Chorus: Missy] + (Mike Jones) This year y'all gon' all lose sleep I break 'em off somethin, break 'em off somethin This year you hear a real MC [scratch] Oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh This year y'all gon' all lose sleep, when I (MIKE JONES! WHO?) break 'em off somethin, break 'em off somethin (MIKE JONES! WHO? MIKE JONES!) This year you hear a real MC (GEYEAH!) Break 'em off somethin, break 'em off somethin [Mike Jones] See I'm a pimp that's on my grind, I hustle like all the time I speak what's on my mind, my teeth'll make you blind My heat'll lay you down, whenever you come around Forsaken out there mistreated your life'll be deleted Cause I don't play dat, you know I don't play dat Wherever you talkin noise is where you gon' lay at I'm "Supa Dupa Fly" like Missy Missy Before the fame majors used to diss me But now I'm on top, I'm hot I can't stop Before my deal came my shows was sold out House been on the hill, diamonds been in my grill I'm trill like U.G.K., you know I keep it real I'm who, Mike Jones, WHO? Mike Jones WHO? Mike Jones and I can't be cloned 2-8-1, 3-3-oh, 8-zero-zero-fo' That's my cell phone number, hit me on the low I got [Missy] Hold up, I see a lot of folks in here sittin 'round like your shoes too tight If you wear a size 10, don't cram yo' shit up in a size 6 ladies Be proud of yo' big-ass feet We came to party up in this bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Partytime Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist What time is it? Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight [Verse 1] Check this out, A lot of hip-hop but y'all just small talkers Y'all could risk getting cut off like some knickerboxers Y'all gone flop and y'all better off playin soccer Misdemeanor my demeanor be the club rocker My flow proper keep my goodies in a locker Not a artist shocker but I am a shot of vodka Private stalker number one game talker When I start it up, there will be not one stopper Fuck around and get your dome cracked like a cracker Matter fact I'll break your bones like a chiropractor Never slack up I rack up and leave you fractured On the curb wicky word wicky leave you fractured Haters all in my face can you please back up Hater smilin in my face you need to be an actor Beat jacker call for backup Cuz I smick smick smack ya now tell me who's bad Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight (Say What!) Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight (What Time Is It!) Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight (True In Deed!) Tonight it's partytime, it's partytime tonight (Holla!) [Verse 2] Check it, most individuals swear they invincible Guys think I'm more important than the superbowl Rhymin is a ritual now pay me my resituals Cuz everyday and all day you hear me on your stereo I'm in the centerfold I make guys lose control In the studio I'm droppin hits from my booty hole Ya F'in mulio, y'all don't want to test me yo cuz when I'm done ya hair look like Coolio Now please cool it Joe, Misdemeanor real pro ficky ficky real pro wit a ficky ill flow I kick down doors and I rock many shows I put a tag on your toe and call you John Doe Missy be the name and M.E. is my initials Forget about it like the world forgot Sisqo Take it to the club pop lock it to the disco Think you ought to know that it's bout to get physical [Verse 3] I don't care cause me do not fear Boom ti boom ri straight to ya ear Best beware when you come around here Don't you dare come unprepared Misdemeanor watch dem suckerz sleep sleep Got dem keys to the jeep beep beep Misdemeanor put it pon ya leak Ride the beat on the 1 2 treat [BLAH] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Slick Rick Album: The Cookbook Song: Irresistible Delicious Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [over the melody of Slick Rick's song "Lick the Balls"] [Slick Rick] It's entertainment time!!!! Wooo Got Missy Elliott in the house, got Slick Rick in the house We doin big things here kids Hip-Hop's finest, Slick Slick Slick Rick an' M [scratched] Slick Rick an' M Go Missy, go Missy, go Missy, go Missy [scratched] Slick Rick an' M [Missy Elliott] Excuse me Mr. Lawrence, you look nice Simply delicious, Missy want some kisses Let's go to the crib, get cozy in the nude And "Treat Me Like a Prostitute" Now pardon me sir, I'm such a real lady Ride in Mercedes to make the bitches hate me Cruise up and down one-two-fifth Lookin for a guy like you to get with 	{*beat changes*} I seen this cutie pie, so I pulled beside him Seen the size of his feet, so I couldn't deny him Might as well try him, the freak that I am M dot S-E always grindin' [Missy - singing] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) But boy you are supa fine (do it to me, do it to me) [Slick Rick] Thank you Missy Irresistible delicious (oooooh) HOLLA Enough to make me lose my mind [Slick Rick] Yeah Know I really want it [scratched] Slick Slick Slick Rick an' M Now I want it, yeah Don't make me wait oh no - no don't make me wait oh no [Slick Rick] Missy No longer will I pretend [Slick Rick] Slick Rick in the house Let's get it on cause we both grown [Slick Rick] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 	{*beat changes back*} Intelligent, delicate, watch how the fella get Bump into my homegirl in Miami, Missy Elliott Green blush on her eyelid, hi Miss! Gave honey a hug I feel her touchin my privates Aw shuck I guess, main course is in I said You know I'm married? -- Yeah and what's that supposed to mean? -- Proposition for you Ruler Procede on -- Well I got a track I need you spit a mean 16 on -- You with it? Down to bless one and I left one The Hit Factory, later on around eleven With my notebook, and pencil, I slides on in I see her lookin mighty sexy and the lights all dim -- Have a drink The booze and the karmy go oddly After havin a drink I start to feel unusually horny Swellin stone, or well writ poems Busy poundin like I'm tryin to break off pelvis bones 	{*beat changes*} [Missy - singing] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) [Slick Rick] Slick Rick is in the house But boy you are supa fine (do it to me, do it to me) [Slick Rick] Thank you Missy Irresistible delicious (oooooh) HOLLA Enough to make me lose my mind - lose my mind Know I really want it - and now I want it Don't make me wait oh no - no don't make me wait oh no No longer will I pretend [Slick Rick] Boss of the females Let's get it on cause we both grown [Slick Rick] Recognize, recognize 	{*beat changes back*} [Missy Elliott] Excuse me sir, oh gosh you look young But old enough to get it to get yo' head sprung Sit down relax, it's soft here on my couch Or give me hands strictly you might get turned out Cutie pie, 'til I sit beside him Nice shoe size, how could I deny him Big bankroll to help me retire Me and him together smell like big empire Don't treat me like a prostitute Unless you're givin me some money makin sure I look cute But don't treat me like a prostitute Unless you're givin me some money makin sure I look cute [Missy - singing] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) [scratched] Please don't think I'm crazy (oooooh) [scratched] But boy you are supa fine (do it to me, do it to me) [scratched] Fi-fi-fine [beat slows and fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliot f/ Ciara, Fatman Scoop Album: The Cookbook Song: Lose Control Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Music make you lose control, music make you lose control [Fatman Scoop] Let's go! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Here we go now, here we go now, here we go now, here we go now (Music make you lose control) Misdemeanor's in the house Ciara's in the house Misdemeanor's in the house Fatman Scoop-man Scoop-man Scoop.. [Missy] I got a cute face, chubby waist Thick legs, in shape Rump shakin, both ways Make you do a double take Planet rocker, show stopper Flow proper, head knocker Beat styler, tail dropper Do my thang, motherfucker My Rolls Royce, Lamborghini Blue Madena, always beamin Rag top, chrome pipes Blue lights, outta sight (Long weave) sewed in (Say it again) sewed in Make that money, throw it in Booty bouncin, gone head [Chorus: Missy] + (Fatman) Everybody here - get it out of control Get your backs off the wall, cause Misdemeanor said so Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody (Just throw your hands in the air!) [Ciara] Well my name is Ciara, for all you fly fellas No one, can do it better (she'll sing on acapella) Boy the music makes me lose control [Missy] (Now bring it back now!) We gon' make you lose control And let it go, 'fore you know, you gon' hit the flo' I rock to the beat til I'm (tired) I walk in the club it's (fire) Get it crunk and wired Wave your hands scream (louder) If you smoke then fire it up Brang the roof down and (holla) If you tipsy stand up DJ turn it (louder) Take somebody by the waist and (uhh!) Now throw it in they face like (uhh!) Hypnotic robotic, this here will rock yo' bodies Take somebody by the waist and (uhh!) Now throw it in they face like (uhh!) Systematic ecstatic (THIS HIT BE AUTOMATIC) [Bridge 3X: Missy & Fatman Scoop] Work me, work, work Work me, work, work Work me, work, work Work me, do it right Hit the floor, hit the floor Hit the floor, hit the floor Hit the floor, hit the floor Hit the floor, hit the floor [Chorus] - 2X, second time acapella [Fatman Scoop] + (Missy) Get your back off the wall, get your back off the wall Get your back off the wall, get your back off the wall (Everybody, get loose) Now put your back, on the wall Put your back, on the wall Put your back, on the wall, put your back, on the wall Misdemeanor's in the house Yeah, Ciara's in the house Misdemeanor's in the house, "Music make you lose control" We on fire, we on fire, we on fire, we on fire Now throw it girl, throw it girl, throw it girl, yes Now move your arms to the left girl Now move your arms to the left girl Now move your arms to the right girl Now move your arms to the right girl Let's go now, let's go now, let's go now, WOO! Let's go Should I bring it back right now? Now bring it back down! WOO! Oh, I see you C Now see, I'ma I'ma do it like C do it Now shake it girl, c'mon and just shake it girl C'mon and let it pop right girl, c'mon and let it pop right girl Now, now, now back it up girl, back it up girl Back it up girl, back it up girl WOO! WOO! WOO! Yo, yo Bring it to the front girl, yo, yo Bring it to the front girl, yo, yo Bring it to the front girl, yo, yo Bring it to the front girl, let's go, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Mary J. Blige, Grand Puba Album: The Cookbook Song: My Struggles Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Grand Puba] Yeah, Missy Elliott, Grand Puba [Missy Elliott] Y'all don't really know who I am, God damn I'm like grease in the frying pan cause I am bacon, eggs, toast, butter Smooth sexy lover more FRESH than {?} Go ask your brother if y'all don't believe I control the industry cause Missy in the lead {*scratching*} Uhh, I'm talkin to you man With my upper hand, the fans call me Dapper Dan When I was young my pops, throw rocks Always shit talk to my moms and call the cops Couldn't wait 'til I was nice and grown Sick of daddy mouth 'til six in the morn' On and on and on 'til the record scratch And if I made a few scraps I would never come back (YES!) Take moms with me and a few ADAT's And make a song about dad and tell pops he's a rat (YES!) Oah-KAYYYYY! [scratched] hold up [Chorus 2X: Missy Elliott] Y'all don't really know my life Y'all don't really know my struggles and how much liquor I guzzle (YES!) Y'all don't really know my fears And how many years to get here but I'm ready to rumble [Grand Puba] Yeah, I be that throwback cat, I throwback 'gnac I spit hot raps, then I check my traps Pockets stop the bulk, green up like the Hulk Ram up in somethin like that nigga Marshall Faulk I'm a low key nigga, a O.G. nigga Entertain my guests in "The Basement" like Tigger Grand Puba and the name ring bells And if it ain't about paper I don't waste my sells So the new school new school need to learn yo I burn baby burn like a Hunt's Pointe ho [Missy Elliott] Yo yo Puba, hold up Let's take 'em back on some "411" shit MA-RYYYY! {*beat changes*} [Mary J. Blige] I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap I'm known around the map to always make a comeback I went through some struggles fightin with my ex-lovers Stayed in lots of trouble, blessings then I had recovered Had to pay them bills, the places I lived Messin with them cats that's said to get I had to give I had to tell them back up cause I was quick to smack 'em up I didn't give a WHAT, Mary J. would act up [Chorus: Missy] + (Mary) Y'all don't really know my struggles (I had two or three jobs I had to juggle) And all them liquor shots from the pain I covered (Strugglin from the break-ups with my lover) (Y'all don't know the half) Don't know the half (I'm better off now that was in the past) I had to take the good stuff with the bad Now I'm (thankful for the little things that I have) [scratched] I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap [scratched] Grand Puba, and the name ring bells [scratched] I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap [scratched] Grand Puba, and the name ring bells The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Meltdown Typed by: ludacrisfever@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Bet it, bet it taste like candy {*3X*} [Missy] I broke up wit my ex I couldn't take his sarcasm Everytime we bone I had to fake an orgasm Moanin and groanin tried to make him feel manly I'd rather use my toys, plus my hands come in handy I finally told him that my heart was somewhere else Whenever we sexed I wished that he was someone else That dude that approached me at the bar the other night That be the mister right and hot enough to melt some ice I think I'm in love like Beyonce be with Jigga It's not his major figure that want him to be my nigga He got that magic stick that make my little pussy quiver Juices runnin like a river slowly down my kitty litter Boy I'm so glad I found a nigga like you A thug like you to make a girl say - oh Hope he feel as strong as my po hah do With you by my side its like I'm drunk off boo If you be my man only my man I wouldn't mind tastin your magic stick, magic stick If you don't cheat or sleep around aint nothing wrong wit tastin your magic stick I bet it taste like candy, meant to melt in my mouth I know you got planet, baby you the shit Now what you workin wit candy meant to melt in my mouth I know you got planet, I like the way, I like the way I like the way, I like the way [Interlude] I like the way you work your stick boo The way you work it like voodoo The way you wind and you wind and you grind Don't stop the way you work your stick Baby the way you work your stick Baby keep on and keep on and keep on keep goin [Missy] My ex boyfriend had to go He didn't know how to work that magic stick But I found a guy that sure do love It's so true his love is cla-hassic yeah oohhh [Interlude] [Missy] I could play gin and you could play J.D. If you like Beyonce you could play Jay-Z Check for them other chicks cos they not me They're just some copy cats there's only one Missy M-to the I double ss don't test I'm hard as the cushion on a bullet proof vest But you got me whipped like slaves in the days You're cool as the shade and ice and lemonade I think I wanna marry you baby I will carry Guess it's necessary and on the contrary You be mister right and mister legendary The more I fall in love the more it gets scary The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliot f/ Pharrell Album: The Cookbook Song: On & On Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Pharrell] Beware, you're now listening to the sounds of Mis-demeanor Turn everything up, all the levels All the fuckin levels [Bridge: Missy] Missy be the name and y'all should already know I been around long Scarface so cold Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yo she ya Let me grab the microphone and I'm gone take it away [Verse 1] Every time I spit I blow one or two speakers Top model diva but my name not Eva Yeah I brang fever rockin classic adidas I'm srtaight off the heater rippin needles off the meter Here I go, flip my flow Back it up then I drop it low It's a must cause I'm dangerous I'll be a hassle on the busta call me angeldust I talk shit di, didn't stutter 2005 MC's in trouble You run for cover hide under your covers Cause you gone need more protection than a magnum rubber [Chorus 4X: Pharrell] Ah, ah, on Ah, ah, on Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah Ah, ah, on and it's [Verse 2] Missy finna spit this simply raw Misdemeanor always make MC's feel small Stick you on the table with a plastic cup Say grace, then eat ya ass up Y'all just rookies, virgins, and nookies Not my competition you skip or play hookie Aint nobody here that can tear the track up And naw I ain't done rappin so shut the hell up Keep it simple every time I flow If you step to me I shall throw blows Raise up like I's break nose I ain't about talkin I'll lay 'em down slow And for show y'all know Misdemeanor got 'em by the neck low Ice cold heart like zero below If you wanna battle me then playa say so [Verse 3] Let me tell you what I'm all about About spitting hot rymes on out Yeah Pharrell did the beat oh yes And the way he put it down he make it sound so (fresh) I be the best don't second guess When it comes to other rappers bout it boy get flexed When I say I'm tight as wife beaters Missy bout to teach you how to follow the leader Hit the club in a blue two seater Lookin like I'm finna cock a nine millimeter Get out with my highhill cuffs Twisting my ass cause I know what guys want Licking my lips like I'm takin him home Teasing and teasing I'm fakin the funk Shaking my titties like I wanna bone Bend over slow then I tell him I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: We Run This Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy Elliott] My style can't be duplicated or recycled This chick is a sick individual SICKTATE, VOLUME TWO, BELIEVE IT! 	{*"Apache" breaks start*} HO!! HO!! Let me switch up the game I drink that co-gnac Step back cause I might put it ON ya I go deep, so deep 'til you sleep Count sheep, wake you up from, {nawe?} You don't want me have to SHOW ya How a freak bitch act when I ain't SO-ber Whattup, I'm to' up, sho' nuff Ain't scared to take it out, tell the freak to take it off Tipsy and I feel, good Black dudes got big, woods Into it, I do it, I did it If you really really want it then nigga stop frontin Aiy boy you know I'm yo' type Five two I wear my jeans real tight My curves, they swerve, so superb My word is my word and I came to serve WE RUN THIS, run this, WE RUN THIS, run this WE RUN THIS UH-OHH, OHH! It don't matter where you're from it's where you're at And if you came to freek-a-leek better bring ya hats nigga East, coast, West, coast Down, South represent ya coast YEAH WE RUN IT, AND YEAH WE RUN IT Y'ALL DON'T WANT IT, CAUSE MY COAST RUN IT Uh-ohh, we run this shit, uhh, WE RUN THIS SHIT [Missy Elliott] WICKED! Wanna pull my hair, break my back For the right money might sit in your 'llac Back to back, and can't even keep track It's a fact the freaks love to get slapped Suck my toes and then the backrub I don't come to do it, I just wanna be touched Look at how y'all makin me blush I'm enough to go around so people don't push Don't push - when I run that tush in the bush Don't my diamonds look real good And they shine so hard, that he glitters So many karats they look like critters And we can do it all night Take a flashlight to see up in my windpipe I like to keep a nigga hype I wanna know can you handle my mic [Missy Elliott] Any hustlers in the party y'all - HELL YEAH If youse a pimp lemme see you party hard - HELL YEAH Ohhhh strippers take yo' clothes off - HELL YEAH Y'all superstars, y'all don't need no bodyguards - HELL YEAH Nigga I bo-gart A lot of rappers fakin way too hard Pull up at the club in a rental car Where them freaks at, the freaks at the bar where the hard drinks are Don't, start You don't want beef, don't take it that far with a superstar I got my foot on the clutch, see me bounce my butt Misdemeanor too much and I don't give a fuck [Outro Chorus] WE RUN THIS, run this, WE RUN THIS, run this WE RUN THIS UH-OHH, OHH! It don't matter where you're from it's where you're at And if you came to freek-a-leek better bring ya hats nigga WE RUN THIS, run this, WE RUN THIS, run this WE RUN THIS UH-OHH, OHH! Represent ya coast and act like ya know Know how to act 'fore you step your two feet in the do' VOLUME TWO, HOLLA! WICKED! THIS SHIT IS SICK! BIG SHOUT OUT TO MOBB DEEP G-UNIT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Remember When Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Baby, it's not true when they say all men are dogs Cause I know a lot of women who cheat I know you kinda wonder why I'm havin this conversation wit'chu Because I speak upon experience And if it's worth anything, I'll never cheat again WOO!! [Missy - singing] I know I may act stubborn boy But that don't mean I don't love you boy Please forgive me for my attitude When it seems I'm takin all my shit out on you I know I never said this here Let me make myself, loud and clear I appreciate the way you treat me I did a lot of things you still don't hate me Remember when you caught me cheatin - ayy, cheatin You said I stopped your heart from breathin - stopped your heart, breathin (YES!) But you loved me so much forgave me - forgave me When you could've went out and played me - played me [Missy - singing] Am I a dissapointment to you baby? Most of the time I'm wrong, makin excuses for abuses I've done Steppin all on your heart, but you never left me baby Say I'm sorry all the time, and any other guy would be gone But you stayin right by my - siiiiiiiide [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Missy - singing] And a love like this, and I can't play no games And it's hard to forgive it, but you didn't never complain Didn't rub it in my face, just let me slide on by I know that every girl, wish she had you as a guy WOO! Myyyyyyy, my oh myyy Whoa-ohhhhhh (HOLLA!) No no, no no - uhh, no no, Lord Cause a love like this, can't play no games And it's hard to forgive, things I did to you Let me slide on by Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh, have you ever... (YES!) [Missy - rapping] When I cheated you said you couldn't breathe {*inhale*} Said you couldn't breathe (YES!) Now I'm sittin here beggin on my knees Take me back, I'll do anything includin plead (YES!) I didn't mean to burn a bridge three degree Like Fantasia said, let yourself be free The truth be without me you'd succeed I'm sorry baby, please believe in you and me [Missy - singing] C'mon; it ain't no love, better than you With all the pain, I put you through I've still {?} And you still love me, yes you do It ain't no love, better than you With all the pain, I put you through I've still {?} Without you here, what would I do [scratched] Eww eww eww ewww, mmm mmm {*2X*} Remember when you caught me cheatin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Fantasia Album: The Cookbook Song: 4 My Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Fantasia] Like your name is MISSY ELLIOTT, my name is Fantasia Barrino And what I can GIVE YOU, is Fantasia Barrino Holla at your girl [Missy] Two thousand five!! WOOOOOOOOOOOO! Wake up in the mornin with my man next to me Up all night like we've been on that ecstasy (YES!) Mixed with Hennessy, he got the remedy Yeah my nigga into me, I can't say it simply We, take a quick shower for the hour conversation Time to have relation, love makin in the basement Smack it up, flip it up, crush it One minute, two minute, I was no question (AHH!) Who would ever think that I'd be givin up the goodies Walkin 'round naked in a pair of pink footies (HA!) Just like them hoes at the shows Half-dressed clothes doin whatever, who knows (OH-KAY!) Nah I only get freaky with him No menage-a-trois, not freaky with them (WOO!) It's just me and my man Yes, said me and my man [Chorus: Fantasia] For my man, I'll do whatever Cause what I feel, this love, it make me do thangs For my man, I'll last forever Cause what I feel, this love, it won't never change [Missy] I'm never insecure when we not together Even though he tell me he in love with Ciara I'm from a new era and I bring terror to any chick who check my fella when we together, so He treat me like a Cinderella, yup Protect me from the storm like he my umbrella (okay) This fella deserve primo stellar, he be a Roc-A-Fella Not to Jay-Z and Dame but the charm on the chain be platinum Jacob Roley lookin sporty, {?} Money stackin keep track and I fax him If I can't find his ass then his ass out of gas He only gettin one pass (OH-KAY!) My man, is my man and nobody else's Damn right, I hope y'all felt this Old ladies 'round the coast-es You better get focuses 'fore you ever try to approacheth [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Missy] See when you in love you might have to say it Don't say you won't, never say you won't You might get real mad, wan' act all bad Act up in the street, a few chicks you gotta beat Cause they disrespect (disrespect) Clockin your man from his feets to his neck, UHH You gotta let her know that's a no-no, slap her real slow With a right blow whichever way it go And keep it gangster Show these bitches that you can't come Yank 'em, point blank 'em, top rank 'em I ride for my nigga and I'm happy with the trigger (YES!) Scared how you figure? My man (OH-KAY!) Say it time again Say my man (my man) my man again I say my man, it's just me and my man Said for me and my man [Chorus] w/ ad libs [scratched] That's my man.. yes it is.. this love.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Can't Stop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy Elliott] Rich Nice WOO! C'mon SICK! Uh-huh YES! WOO! HOLLA! I be thinkin 'bout that big - O The way you used to rock it to me nice and slow You used to do it 'til my back felt broke You used to say give it to me - I'd say no You used to talk that kinky shit up in my earrrs And you would buy me pink pretty under-wearrrs And I would moan cause you would make me feel nice And you would make me feel like makin love twice What I'm sayin, you the man, I'm in love And I like when you do it rough Hey shorty I can't get enough Can't stop, won't stop - call me Puff Hold me down to the ground, pick me up Now move it 'round, break it down, hold up Scream loud, black and proud, let's fuck Nine to five, do it live, sho' nuff I be thinkin 'bout the way you do it good I like it cause you raised in the hood Uhh, you put your back into it I tell you no, change my mind, then I do it You cute, you fine, you fire I'm the boss, do the job, you hired Heather Hunter must of got me inspired To work for hours, fall asleep, get you tired cause I can't stop thinkin 'bout you Or the way you do what you do With you I can not lose I put it down like some brand new shoes I can't stop thinkin 'bout you The way you do what you do With you I can not lose Now let me put it down [scratched] I be thinkin 'bout the way you do it good [scratched] I be thinkin 'bout the way you do it good (YES!!) [scratched] I be thinkin 'bout the way you do it good [Missy Elliott] He wan' take me to a ho-tale, see if it's good If the nigga sm-ale, when I put it down He like OH YEAHURR Taste like apples and a bag of PEARS Right here, right dere, everywhere To the bed, to the kitchen, in the wooden chair He like to hear me moan like MMM-YEAH Boy's in the zone and I don't care Sittin on his lap, pullin on my track He piggidy piggidy piggidy piggy my back In fact no slack, damn he the mack He ain't got to work me like dat [scratched repeatedly] I'm the boss [scratched] I'm the boss, do the job, you hired [scratched] I'm the boss, do the job, you hired [Missy Elliott] What I'm sayin, you the man, I'm in love And I like when you do it rough Hey shorty I can't get enough Can't stop, won't stop - call me Puff Hold me down to the ground, pick me up Now move it 'round, break it down, hold up Scream loud, black and proud, let's fuck Nine to five, do it live, sho' nuff The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Teary Eyed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Two thousand five!! There will be no room for y'all with no originality WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO [Missy - singing] You're, the reason I don't trust no one And I don't love no one, from the places I've come The sad songs, I've sung, all the times I've been stung Boy you, bring the worst out of me (HOLLA!) And I cain't, allow these tears I've cried The emptiness inside, that left me so petrified Tried to keep, love alive, but I became too tired Cause you, bring the worst out of me [Hook] And, I wish I coulda changed the way things have gone And start life and do it now maybe once again (YES!) I don't know when or where but somethin must have went wrong And all I have to sayyyy, is now... When I sing this song I get so tear-y eyed Cause you get under my skin, can't let you suck me dry I was gonna marry you, have kids for you Stay true to you, live life with you But look what you've, done, to me [Missy - singing] I, comprimised all my time And rearranged my life, to make sure you was fine Cause our love, was on the line, and I became so unkind Cause you, brought the worst out of me (you brought the worst out of me) This is, how the story goes (WOO!) The others want to know, when it's out of control You work, and you work, but someone gets hurt And I guess, that, be, me [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Hook] [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Mommy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy Elliott] Please stand UP! In 2005, the industry will be pussy-whipped It won't be EA-SY [scratched] Mommy look good yeah mommy look right [Missy Elliott] They like mommy with the cute face, can I get a date Mommy got a cool shake, mommy make 'em wait Papi havin trouble tryin to keep up the pace Mommy got a hook I let my pussy be the bait Mommy got that good shit, that really good shit The type of chick you get with, that really good shit Mommy got them niggaz goin crazy for the ass Call me Flash, make a dash, get a nigga for his cash Mommy nuck and buck with a quick uppercut Mommy sport shell toes, I put my Nikes up I used to dress D-boy, now I dress girly Wake up real early with my brais lookin curly Mommy let 'em know who she is, what she 'bout Yeah she 'bout money, mommy turnin niggaz out Mommy got bills, car sit on big wheels In the club mommy chill while them haters ice grill [Chorus: Missy Elliott] Mommy cute like Fendi suits Mommy fresh these my real breasts Mommy sex cause mommy groan Mommy be that good shit at home Mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy Damn mommy, roll like armies Mommy ass like a Cadillac Mommy give 'em heart attacks [Missy Elliott] They call me lil' momma lookin big in my Hummer Momma on the corner, lil' momma be a stunner Fly to the Hummer quick faster than a runner Foot on the gas, VROOOM, engine gunner Mommy look good, yeah mommy look right Mommy stay hood, mommy be yo' type Mommy get excited, mommy ask you to bite it Mommy know you like it, tell papi don't fight it Capital M-O-M-M-Y Mommy got 'em pussed, take any chick guy Mommy got a deal, mommy spit shit real Mommy give 'em chills when she wear high heels Mommy get the money get the money get the money Mommy find a man who can go and get it for me Mommy look fresh in Respect Me sweats Stay best dressed, showin off my breasts {*beat changes*} [scratched] Mommy get the money {*repeat 4X*} [Missy Elliott] Yeah mommy get buck like whoa lil' momma Back it up like whoa lil' momma When she shake it like whoa lil' momma She get naked like HOLD UP MOMMA Mommy be a freak, mommy let the world know Mommy want 'em lickin from her head to her toe If papi say no then lil' papi gotta go If he broke no no mommy kick him out the do' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Click Clack Typed by: ms_demeanor99@hotmail.com [Missy Elliott] When I walk up in the club, they be pushin Misdemeanor got that ice to keep them lookin Crop top, drop top on my Phantom man They trippin and them haters just pussies Feelin on me, feelin on me like a porn star I drive fast car, still shave my cho-cha Get the cash, get the cheddar, get the beams mean Ching-a-ling, bling-bling, my money real green Who dat, who dat, playa betta fall back So step back, playa betta fall back Click clack, cock back, semi automatic track Drink a lot of similac, shorty betta fall back I fall down, get up, then I gotta dust it off Say you dust it off?! Yeah I quickly dust it off I'm off the walls, I do brawls I don't stall, yes it's on Said it strong, I can't be cloned You can call me Mike Jones 3-0-5 2-1-2 8-0-4 is my cell Yall must dumb as hell If you think that is my cell Hotel, motel, holiday don't play Around the way, O.J.,yeah, I'm so icey What them haters say, Misdemeanor okay Call me 4 play, position more than 40 ways Like a chocolate glaze, I'm hotter than a summer day Stingray, Sugar Ray Knuckles all up in your face Who dat, who dat, playa betta fall back So step back, playa betta fall back Click clack, cock back, semi automatic track Drink a lot of similac, shorty betta fall back I blocka-blocka, straight jocka Matter fact, the face snappa Money stacka, no slacka Hit record, gun strappa I hit-hit, hear my click-click Two snaps, you hit Then I click-click I make cash, pay them bills I pay them bills to buy new wheels I wear high hills, I touch and feel Catch me in your mans grill My record deal, my movie deal Is super sick-sick, I click-click And if you doubt me I'll click-click Smack dem boi's, I will destroy Hit-hit, straight down and spilt-spilt ya boi I kick-kick like karate flicks-flicks Ya get ya ass bit, don't make me have click Who dat, who dat, playa betta fall back So step back, playa betta fall back Click clack, cock back, semi automatic track Drink a lot of similac, shorty betta fall back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: The Cookbook Song: Time and Time Again Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy - singing] Ohh ohhh, ohh yeah-yeahhhhhh Oooooh ooh, aww yeah Ohhohhh yeahhhh Aww yeah... yessss (WOOOOOOOOOOO!) The things you say to me, can't make or break me Everything you bought I give back absolutely everything And, I am through wit'chu, you and your crazy moods You be trippin and slippin and givin attitude (HOLLA!) I deserve the finger things, the joy that love brings And you'll be missin my kisses and makin love scenes I'm better off alone, can't wait 'til you get gone Ain't no need to keep hopin cause it's, over and done [Chorus: repeat 2X] Why do you keep comin back, time and time again You promised me you'd change your ways, time and time again I heard the same old line from you time and time again And why I take you back because I can not change you man [Missy - singing] (YES!) No use in talkin, better get to walkin Better get them chicks who turn tricks cause I'm just too smart Man, I hate men who lie, who look me in my eyes Come up with alibis, for the thousandth time I won't take bullshit, leave your ass with the quickness Because I'm stable and able to live my life alone Boy I'm through wit'chu, no more to say or do Cause you're too confused, and it's over and done [Missy - rapping] I be comin with a rap on a ballad You should vote Misdemeanor on your ballots Cause you know I blow your mind any time that I rhyme And I'll be down for a challenge I'm, wicked, I-C-K-icked Not Twista twisted From coast to coast I brag and boast I'm better than most and sufficient I got that good love, that goody-goody-good love That puddy-puddy-pusha Slick talkin sista, to any nigga That wanna get with her Don't never diss her M dot S-E And let me stop playin with y'all motherfuckers This ain't no rap record, get back to the hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ M.I.A., Vybz Kartel Album: The Cookbook Song: Bad Man Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Vybz Kartel] Yo, what some more feel like Dem know seh when dem see Missy Elliott and Vybz Kartel Dem career nuh start well, gunshot send dem to hell, forty five askel [Missy Elliott] WOO!!! HA!!!! Sak Passe?!!! WOO WOO WOO WOO!!! HA!!! AHHH!!!!! [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] What dem do dem rude badman (Badman) Dem nuh want mi shoot badman (Badman) Tell dem, dem be one dead man (Badman) If dem (?) boy play badman Smash di place, smash di place, smash di place, smash di place (WOO!!!) Smash di place, smash di place, smash di place, smash di place (HA!!!) What dem do dem rude bad gal (Bad gal) Dem get shot dem play bad gal (Bad gal) Body drop dem not bad gall (WOO!!!) When dem stop gimme pop bad girl (HA!!!!) Knock dem out, knock dem out, knock dem out, knock dem out Knock dem out, knock dem out, knock dem out, knock dem out [Bridge: Missy Elliott] Drums!!!! WOO!!! Drums!!! [Verse 2: Vybz Kartel] (*Missy Elliott) Like a nozzle plus a hippie, yeah, Vybz Kartel and Missy, yeah Playa hater punk a get kicked until dem dizzy If yuh real badman nuh fraid fi buss gun (*WOO!!!) When mi a come up don't stand up just run Mi mek blood stain fi get a custom (BLOCKA BLOCKA!!!!) First serve to first come (*HA!!!!) AK rifle this mi long gun Magnum four four caliber mi hand gun One shot shift dock couple plane land down (*HA!!!!) Bulletproof buss up like a condom General real badman, we a di general real badman Decorated with hearts of metal, we have a hand that's made of metal General real badman, we a di general real badman Decorated with hearts of metal, we have a hand that's made of metal [Bridge: Missy Elliott] (Vybz Kartel) Yes! Smash di place, smash di place, WOO!!! (Forty five askel) [Verse 3: M.I.A.] (*Missy Elliott) (Ho!) Some bad mi nuh like to play Dem nuh worry mi when they say They nuh like mi mi nuh like they I be wilder than Tim McVeigh Fuck 'em all and that's what I say Now I see that it ain't easy Everyone plays a part in our day Humpty Dumpty we need every piece play Some people are rude on the low though They gonna get shook to the floor (*WOO!!!) Some people are rude on the low though They gonna get hurt lot more (*Yes) Some people are rude on the low though Gonna get hit to the floor (*Drums!!!) [Bridge: Missy Elliott] HA!!! Fire baby!!! [Outro: Missy Elliott] Dem nuh want test I dem die, bwoy mi know I dem try Smash it up see mi nickel plated nine Buck dem buck dem straight to mi eye Buck dem down, buck dem down... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Missy Album: Welcome To Our World Song: Beep Beep Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Uh, say what? Uh, say what? Uh, say what? 1-2, 1-2 I be that man they call Timbaland On these funky beats do you hear him? Uh-huh, Uh-huh Now How many people want to, huh learn this method I have with these beats? Uh-huh, Uh-huh Now How many songs I'm gonna hear on the radio that sound like mine? Now, to have a partna as well as my friend Well I have two partnas as well as my friend And on goes by the name of.... Maganoo aka Magoo word You know what I'm saying? I'm putting this man down Cause he got it like that, don't bite him And of course Missy Elliott We put it down like that for the 9-7 This is my dialogue on this album  It's Magoo's album featuring me, Timbaland Cause he's so ill, I can't even rap over it Magoo can rap over it, but I can let him rap over it Cause I got my man Jimmie D On that engineer board And we do this like everyday, all day 24 hours You know what I'm saying making this money I aint got to rap,all i got to do is talk on this track And you will still buy it, you know what I'm sayin? It's like that So Missy tell em what I'm gonna say [Missy] Beep, beep, beep, beep Who got the keys to the jeep? Vroooooooom (I got em baby)  Beep, beep, beep, beep (Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep) Beep, beep, beep, beep Who got the keys to the jeep? (I got em baby) Vroooom Beep, beep, beep, beep(Beep, beep, beep) [Timbaland] Alright Now it's time for me to go I done told y'all bout the sad show Music's so ill It makes niggas want to kill Big up to Larell High That's my east school coast, word I know you gonna play this in your Eddie Bauer, word Uh-huh, word, Uh-huh Can you bang it Larry? Uh-huh Why you banging it? Who the f is this? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Missy Album: Welcome To Our World Song: Up Jumps Da' Boogie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash -- corrected version Give it up... we gon' show, you how we party [Timbaland (whispering)] Up jumps da boogie (repeat 3X) 	(repeat all 4X) Verse One: Magoo I fiend for all beats, like girls jump for dicks Don't salt the next man, keep that Lindbergh shit Up in the cut, like gay niggaz, in butt I'm black wit indian, my race should be mutt I cut with razor blades, play spades with Aunt Venus E-valuate this rap, take heed a fuckin genius Up in the sky, up high, don't puff lye Do you smoke crack Sam? Prepare to fuckin die Fuck Crazy Joe, my name is Crazy Flow You thought I had eight, but I got ten mo' Off beat and on beat, old school like Beat Street I stink like pop's feet, make sweat wit no heat Verse Two: Timbaland I'm up on this track, like Pam Grier in movies I heats up the beat, like water in a jacuzzi I fly to L.A., then come back to Virginia Then call, Maganoo, to see if he's got some indo Then back to the crib to pick up my brother, G G don't forget, to bring the house keys Hops in the eight, five-oh now here we go Please please, brother don't slam my car do' It costs too much money to get that shit fixed I need all my money to pay my bills with Don't have no time, for the shuckin and jivin Peep my rhyme, cause that, shit's off-timin Verse Three: Missy I'm in the Marriott, the place to get got After I smoke pot, he sticks me like shots Funky like farts, connect tongues like dots Lick his lollipop, this kid named Scott Me my hot self, my self be so hot Touch my hot spot, I scream til I can't stop Uhhhhhhhhhhhh (what, what?) Give it to me daddy and Uhhhhhhhhhhhh (what, what?) Yup, yup like Teddy Teddy, ready with tha one two checka No Diggity, Missy be the bedroom wrecka Double decka, make you wanna beat your pecka And then leave your bitch, cause this uhhh! be better Chorus: everybody Give it up! Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me (repeat 4X) Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me (repeat 2X) Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party Verse Four: Magoo Prepare to get wet, like Jheri Curl juice You tight like virgin pussy, my rap get you loose I bump like ac-ne, take honey from a bee My style is like a safe, without da fuckin key I cum cause I'm a nut, don't bleed when I'm cut No fan of Madonna, she just a damn slut So sit you damn dog, and bow to my shit Nit-wit you stupid, I'm butter don't need grits Make fits like seizure, lick clit to please ya I book then read ya, follow da leader Like Jews and Chinese, I own your rap lease The wackness must cease, prepare for yo' release Verse Five: Timbaland I'm up in these labels tryin to, handle my business Been makin more beats before, Jehovah had witness Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me Brother brother, please, turn on the TV See a black man dead, from a white man's powder See a white man scared, from a black man's power Back to reality, please don't freakin smile at me This is a stick-up, so give up yo' wallet please Verse Six: Missy I'm the best, and that's B, and that's capital I hang low like testicles, MC's wanna copy these many flows Hoes, better back up, foe they get slapped up Pack up and go tell mommy, that I backed up you You you you, and your whole screw What, whatcha whatcha whatcha gon' do uhh, what whatcha gon' do To me, the M-I-double S-Y-E Wanna battle me, it's gonna be some tragedy Chorus: everybody Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party Up jumps da boogie, boogie jumps me (repeat 4X) 	(repeat all 2X) Give it up! We gon' show, you how we party (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Aaliyah, Missy Album: Welcome to Our World Song: Man Undercover Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com [aaliyah and missy: bridge] say what you look good (say it two times) you look good good (say it three times) you look good good good (say it four times) oh oh oh oh good [verse 1] i,i, like the way, way you get down, down (thats the way i like it) you're the kinda guy that makes my feel proud don't have to show you're the boy ,oh i, i, like you the way that you are  [chorus] i like my man undercover smooth dark brotha fly to the bone you don't need no fly jeep to come and scoop me you can drive what you own (thats the way i like it) a man undercover smooth black brotha fly to the bone don't need no Gucci sweater to make you look better you can wear what you own i, i, love, love the way that you smile, smile you, you the type of guy  that got his own style all i want to do is be with you you, you got me feelin the way that i do chorus bridge [timbaland] we be freakin up in my jeep (my jeep) listenin to this phat L P (L B) lets cruise around the town (the town) i'm diggin you are you diggin me Let's hop on my Harley Dave (Harley Dave) it cost about 20K (20K) what it takes me to persuade (persuade) turn ten night in to day (to day) i never seen a girl (a girl) who hypnotize like you (like you)  who walk just like you (like you) who talk just like you (like you) i wanna be your lover (your lover) that ill type brotha (brotha) baby girl baby girl (baby girl) we can keep it undercover chorus 1.5x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland and Magoo f/ Missy Album: Welcome to our World Song: Up Jumps Da Boogie (Remix) Typed by: BigToddies@aol.com Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Da boogie, da boogie, da boogie, da boogie Like dat Up Jumps Verse 1: Magoo Mag and double-ooh came to move your body M-C old school like Lodi Dodi When you hear Up Jumps Da Boogie Dance till you can't and shake your cookie People to the left like Mag to def People to the right need to clean your breath Bigger than my butt, pulled out some cheese We the best on the scene since the three degrees Aachoo sneeze Cool like the breeze Me and Timbaland two Master P's I hope you bout it Cause I been bout it South on the rise, V-8 bout it bout it (uuuh) Driven in my '89 Mercury Record label don't you try to carry me Got some of that project in me Get dem flashback, you besta all flee Verse 2: Timbaland I'm the dope producer in the industry I'm tired of producers bitin' on my beats Baby, thats cool, I ain't got no beef But you must pay me producers fee I am the man with the ill ass sound I got all the execs saying I love that sound Timbaland was next on the agenda A house, some stocks, three zorts for the winter Don't y'all sappy fools get mad at me Because I became a millionaire in a year times G I thank god for blessing me I give all my thanks to the all mighty Now I'm just chillin in my house in Rohb beach Now it's time to catch a plane to N-Y-C This is the remix to Up Jumps Da Boogie Boogie, woogie, woogie Oogie, oogie, oogie Verse 3: Missy M-C's mad at me But you better get back I'm bout to ratta-tat-tat Tiggy-tigga-tat  Lay me flat on my back In fact, I interact and make the track turn phat You heard that Have it, give it to me daddy Cut it like confetti I know y'all said mother uuh wasn't ready You back in the studio, yeah I got you sweatin Timbaland my man, chica my man Beep beep In the caravan, there go my man Magoo, what you got plans for pullin down your pants? So Magoo know dat, why you trippin like dat? Is it pissed I make a list, of those who diss Who try to be me cause my style sickening He-huh Yeah and my phone's ringing Bdadadrrrrrrrrrr..mmmm Gone Chorus: Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me (say what?) Verse 4: Magoo Verse number two Two verse rhyme When I get greens, I gets a dime Peace to god, my neice, to Mario Y'all don't know nuthin bout Jamario Huckle Berry Finn I'm country and I'm thin They make rock eat and buy my black Benz Hook it up with tens with candy coat Me and Cheech and Chong rope, but still smoke Smell like butter Salt n' Pepa push me  How to be a player squeezin on your tushy Mag in a row of all wannabee's When Wimbledon drank all the teas Eating Rice-A-Roni with Toni Toni Tone Keep Cindy Crawford, to me she's to boney See another Rain, unless you know Missy Clown suit on so don't you dare diss me Verse 5: Timbaland Now I'm gonna make my rap only eight bar On this track Maganoo's the star One of my favorite rapper's Nas Escobar I listen to his tape driving in my car Now let me get back into the groove Tap the person standing next to you Tell him or she to move side to side And tell them to keep the party live to live Verse 6: Missy Up jumps da boogie Boogie jumps me Got to move my knees straight down to my feet Down to my hands, clap, clap Tell me where the party at? Where we boogie at? Up jumps da boogie Boogie my flow Yo-ziggy-yo Timbaland here we go Y'all to slow to make this kinda doe Shoot you don't know, shoot you don't know Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Magoo, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Here We Come Typed by: magoousher@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Timbaland] Another one 	[Playa] 1 - 	Here we go so wave your hands 	For Missy, Maganoo, and Timbaland 	We gon' show you how to party right 	So pass the UHH and get the hype 	Alright, we gon' party tonight [Magoo] If you're livin' for love, start livin' for life If you're having a baby, then make her your wife If you're up in the club where the dub It's like a bank sell to the highest bid Put the cash in your bank Girl I'm lovin' your booty, you can "hoo" to my blow Then fish but please honey child, don't kiss All I want is a freak when I'm up in the club Maybe after the dance, dinner sharp, then the tub I'm a nigga wit' class, you're a girl with a job Taste of my neck like corn on the cob I'm second to none, I'm freaky as ever Go downtown, "Well I never" [Timbaland] Uh, uh Well I'm the man, that they call Timbaland Now he the bir-ba-bir-ba-bird, understand? We gon' party, until the sun comes up Bartender, you forgot to fill up my cup, uh Ain't no stoppin' until your draws start floppin' There won't be no beef unless the disc stop jockin' (what?) She said this, and he said that And he said that Timbaland can't rap But I don't care because I make dope tracks I make you bounce and wiggle, and do this and that Timbaland, where you live at? VA baby, believe dat [Missy] Aiyyo, aiyyo Now I'm rich, I once was poor If you're late with my dough, then there's no show I grease my hair and it still won't grow If you feel my butt, boy you gotta go Out the back for touchin' my back For trying to jack every Timbaland track Maganoo, where you was? They been bitin' our style, those silly bugs Where's the spray? I'ma spray 'em good So the next time they bite they die like "Ugh" I'ma roll up the biggest dutchie Get some sweets cuz I got the munchies Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Magoo] He he Girl, when the bar open up five rum Everybody wanna get a buzz, get some 9 out of 10, all girls gonna freak Just gon' depend on who they gonna freak Don't gotta floss, all girls know they name Only near, chillin' in the club, no game Brotha mad at me cuz I got cheddar cheese When the club close got his girl on her knees Oh man please, learn the two degrees Degree number one, keep your hon off trees Degree number two, keep your girl 'round you Never trust a girl, Lord knows what she do [Timbaland] Uh huh Tricks - is what I got in my bag Hits - is what I make out the lab Ritz - is the crackers that I eat Bitch - is what a man don't need Rubber - shows I'm a careful lover Stutter - is what I do in trouble, what? [Missy] My man, Timbaland He make beats for the streets See, me and Maganoo In the back rollin' trees Gettin' high off the phone Tell a nigga what chu want, HEY! [Missy] Now, I'm in the S-L-K I roll up the window, so the 'doo won't sway Spray my hairspray so the waves obey So when I say stay, them bitches stay Oh by the way Me and Timbaland, we got the beats to make you dance Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Playa (Aaliyah)] Doo-do-do, doo-do-do (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-do-do (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo (Yea) Doo doo, doo doo doo, doo doo doo........(Yea) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Kelly Price, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Talking on the Phone Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Missy] Yo yo yo yo Wah wah wah Yea yo yo Wah wah wah wah  Wah wah wah wah (uh huh) Yo yo  Wah wah wah  [Kelly - Verse One] I trusted her, my home girl from school (yea yea) Introduced her to my man, they became cool (uh) She told me that, that he loved me so (wah wah wah wah) I shoulda known she liked him all along (yo) They were [CHORUS] Talking on the phone (talking on the phone) Gotta get your own (you gotta get your own man) Leave my man alone (and leave my man alone) Callin' him on the phone  [Kelly - Verse Two] Don't hate a girl, cuz they too slick They smile in my face, all on my man's (ohh...ficky ficky) You don't know what, what I've been through I get it first, then I do it You [Repeat CHORUS] [BRIDGE] Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da Da da, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo yo) Da da, da da (ficky ficky) [Missy] Ficky ficky ficky S-U-P-A Fly, I'm cute I, keep yall bitches, chicken like soup What yall wan' do, I'm not that chick to talk shit Nor I'm that chick to fuck wit' Did you hear this? Did you get this? Watch Missy flip like an acrobatic My automatic Tongue tactic Flows like this Be the muthafuckin' shit (shit echoes) [Alien voice] What I need right now Is for yall You and Kelly I need for yall to To come meet me in space Now could yall sing that for me again That first verse [Kelly] I trusted her, my home girl from school (yea yea) Introduced her to my man, they became cool (uh) She told me that, that he loved me so (wah wah wah wah) I shoulda known she liked him all along (yo) They were [Repeat CHORUS] [Alien voice] How do yall like space? (wah wah wah wah) Can you dig it? Now if you like space for all my martian people out there I need all yall to put yalls hand up If you can feel me So I need Kelly to sing the second verse for me [Kelly] Don't hate a girl, cuz they too slick They smile in my face, all on my man's (ohh...ficky ficky) You don't know what, what I've been through I get it first, then I do it (what she doin' girl) You Talking on the phone (say what) Ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (can you feel it) Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (say what, yea) Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (yea, say what, yo yo yo yo yo) Talking on the phone (I'm feeling quite good right now) Talking on the phone (but it's time for me to take my spaceship to another level) Talking on the phone (cuz right now I dont think the world is ready for Timbaland) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (I'm on that next level, can you dig it) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (can you dig it) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (I don't think so) [Alien] Come to the light, Kelly! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Aaliyah, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: John Blaze Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Uhh, yo Uhh.. uhh Uhh, yo yo John Blaze, John Blaze Uhh, uh-huh Uhh, UHH, mm-hmm, mm-hmm Yo John Blaze, ehehehe [Aaliyah] + (Missy) Why can't, I explain (I explain) explain (explain) And you keep, me so amazed (mmm) I'm so amazed/(I'm so amazed) Why do (yes), I feel this way (uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) Could it be (uh-huh), you're John Blaze/(John Blaze) You're John Blaze (uh-huh) Boy you blowin my mind, boy you blowin (uh-huh) my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way, (mm-hmm) ooh yeah  You're John Blaze (say what?) You're John Blaze (yo, yo yo) Boy you blowin my mind, (yo boy) boy I've lost my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way (ehehehe) You're John Blaze/(John Blaze, uh-huh, yo yo yo) Why am, I sprung out (uh-huh) I'm sprung out (uh-huh, uh-huh) Do you know, what I'm talkin bout, no doubt/(no doubt, yo yo yo yo) Why do (mm-hmm), I feel this way All I know (uh-huh), is you're John Blaze (you're John Blaze) You're John Blaze (you're John Blaze) Boy you blowin my mind (uh-huh), boy you blowin my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way, (John Blaze) ooh yeah  You look John Blaze (John Blaze) You're John Blaze  (yo, yiggy yo, yiggy yiggy yo yo yo you're John) Boy you blowin my mind, (uh-huh) yes you do (say what?) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you're John Blaze) In every way (say what?) You look John Blaze (yo, yo) John Blaze [Missy + Aaliyah] I don't what it is, it's somethin bout you Got me in a daze, you amaze, everything, you do John Blaze You bad to the gizza, izza, kizza Mizza izza Supa, Dupa, Fly Nigga say what? I don't what it is, ehehe, it's somethin bout you Got me in a daze, you amaze, everything, you do John Blaze You crazy, yo, you bad to the gizza, izza, kizza Mizza izza Supa, Dupa, Fly Nigga ehehehe, yeah [Aaliyah] Boy you blowin my mind, boy you blow my mind You look so fine In every way, every way You look John Blaze, you're John Blaze  Boy you blowin my mind You look so fine, so fine In every way, ooh yeahahehahh You look John Blaze, John Blaze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: 3:30 in the Morning Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Oh Well well well well, mmm Oh ho oh oh oh ho oh Mmm, mmm, uh uh Oh yeah Oh yeah yea Verse One Tell me why you trippin', out on me, mm Everytime I wanna hang out You get mad at me Why can't I do the things, that I like to do, mmm Why can't you put your trust in me Like I put my trust in you Even if I'm... Chorus Even if I'm out till 3:30 in the morning I won't talk to no one, I'ma tell 'em about my honey Even if the guys try to tip me with their money I'ma let 'em know I'm dedicated to my honey Verse Two Why you wanna argue with me, all the time? Even when I'm out with my girls You be on my mind Why can't you sit down And understand That no matter where I be, or where I am I let them know that you're my man, you're my man Chorus Even if I'm out till 3:30 in the morning I won't talk to no one, I'ma tell 'em about my honey Even if the guys try to tip me with their money I'ma let 'em know I'm dedicated to my honey Bridge No one but you I'll be coming home to you No one but you Even if it's after two Chorus Even if I'm out till 3:30 in the morning I won't talk to no one, cause I've got my honey Even if the guys try to tip me with their money I'ma let 'em know I'm dedicated to my honey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: 4 My People (Single) Song: 4 My People (Basement Jaxx Remix) Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo, yo, yo, yo get it right The party's jumping I see something fine Boy I wanna kiss you But I'm just too shy Let me dance with you Let me wear you out Here's a glass of orange juice Let's go X it out The music's banging Way down in my soul When you dance behind me I lose all control Make me grind my hips Make me move my waist When the music come on You take my breath away This is for my people My party people And this is for my people My ecstasying people Come on, get down Come on, get down This is for my people My party people And this is for my people My ecstasying people Come on, get down Come on, get down I'm at the bar now And I'm buying drinks And I got this feeling And it's all over me I wanna dance with you Let me lick your face Meet me on the dance floor To feel some ecstasy The vibe is right now And I'm bout to score Mr. DJ can you... Play this joint once more Cos I see the man I want I want him right away I look him right in his face And say dance with me This is for my people My party people And this is for my people My ecstasying people Come on, get down Come on, get down This is for my people My party people And this is for my people My ecstasying people Come on, get down Come on, get down Freak that Freak that Freak that Freak that Freak that Freak that Freak that Freak that, freak that, freak that, freak that Freak that Come here baby Grab me from the back Baby you the mack And you know that Put the needle on the track Skip that flip that bring the beat back Oh freak that Come here baby Grab me from the back Baby you the mack And you know that Put the needle on the track Skip that flip that bring the beat back Uh This is for my people My party people And this is for my people My ecstasying people Come on, get down Come on, get down This is for my people My party people And this is for my people My ecstasying people Come on, get down Come on, get down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Any Given Sunday soundtrack Song: Who You Gonna Call Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com Any Give Sunday baby Oww! Yo, yo, yo Oh zigi-zigi Zig-zigi-zig-zig, oh oh Zigi-zigi-zigi-zigi-zigi… Oh you 'pose to be the man now Cause you got cars, you got houses You got yachts, you got diamonds You got it all Oh you livin' large right, heh Well let me ask one thing When you go broke When you go broke I bet those same friends yo don't mess with you no more Here we go uh I was there when no one knew your name I was there when you blew up, got large And had all the fame Now look how you do, uh I was there when everything had changed You think you the shit Big star on top of your game Now who you gonna call When nothing's right Will you call when your ass go broke? Will you call when you ain't got no friends hanging with you? And you ain't that hot no more Now who you gonna call When nothing's right Will you call when your ass go broke? Will you call when you ain't got no friends hanging with you? And you ain't that hot no more Uh I was there when you was hooked on weed I gave you dough, mo dough You don't know to supply your need What's it gon' be (uh) I was there I was the air you breathe Until you became a big star No need for me Now who you gonna call When nothing's right Will you call when your ass go broke? Will you call when you ain't got no friends hanging with you? And you ain't that hot no more Now who you gonna call When nothing's right Will you call when your ass go broke? Will you call when you ain't got no friends hanging with you? And you ain't that hot no more Uh do you Call when you fall boy Call when you ain't got boy They don't wanna roll with you They don't think you hot boy What happened to you boy? You are just a no-boy Now you have no joy Here we go What happened to your Benz man? What happened to your rocks? Six shots that you pop in your bitches man Now your name is like shit stink You let the fame maintain You done blew out your brains man What happened to your diamond rings? You bling-bling every time a nigga switch a lane Beep, beep to your feet man You's a jeep man With no friends and no game man There he is, uh When nothing's right Will you call when your ass go broke? Will you call when you ain't got no friends hanging with you? And you ain't that hot no more Now who you gonna call When nothing's right Will you call when your ass go broke? Will you call when you ain't got no friends hanging with you? And you ain't that hot no more Call, yo, who you gonna call, uh Yo who you gonna call when your ass go broke Them same friends who don't fuck wit you no more Who you gonna call, yo who you gon, who you gonna call Who, who you gonna call, who, who you gonna call Heh-heh, where all your friends now? Where your homies now? When you was on top of your game Everybody wanted to hang around, huh Heh, heh but now that your ass gone broke Your same friends don't want to fuck wit' you no more Who you gonna call huh? You better understand reality baby Never let the fame blow your brain, heh Yo, yo, yo, oh-zigi-zigi Never let the fame blow your brain Yo, yo, yo zigi-zigi-oh Never let the fame blow your brain Here we go, uh And my choir sing, heh Yo, uh, let the orchestra, and the violins And the trumpets, yo, yo, oh shit, owww! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Brat f/ Jermaine Dupri, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Big Momma's House Soundtrack Song: That's What I'm Lookin' For (Mr. Dupri Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Jermaine Dupri] If anybody gonna shake the club, y'all know who, ya know Do they know, ha ha, So So Def Yeah, we couldn't let it go without doin' a remix Shh, now club to club I want y'all to bounce with me, with me, with me, with me Bounce, Brat, Missy, J.D., come on [Missy] Yo, come here baby, let me kiss ya Let me see what cha' bout when I'm witcha Let me see what cha' talkin' bout big shot If you got that dough, can I get some Let me see that Benz, can I drive, dude Can I have when I ride right beside you Oh, side by side, I got my crew Oh, you act a little funny nigga, fuck you Cause I'm that bitch with the six shots Six blocks, big knots, big tick-tocks Drop tops and shit just won't stop Y'all flop when Miss drop, I rock [* Dogs Barking *] I'm gon' get y'all Bang bang to the boogie, take a picture Of a hot girl and big time With a thong, it's on when I hit y'all That's what I'm lookin' for [Jermaine Dupri] Uh, yo I'm lookin' for a bitch that'll switch that thang From right to left like no other Type of girl that'll blow your (Brain) Wanna rock your (Chain) Make you wanna take to meet cha' mother No matter what baby keeps it (Name brand) Never let a nigga change her (Game plan) Even though it might look like she switch up Every night honey fucks with the (Same man) Hit the mall, get fresh just (Like I do) Wanna have wild sex just (Like I do) Bottle to the neck just (Like I do) That's what I'm lookin' for She gotta be jazzy But when she do her thang it's ghetto style Tellin me, JD, nigga say my name Like she a new member of Destiny's Child I like those that got hair but still rock a weave Know just what to do to make a nigga not leave (Oh) Know just what to wear to make a nigga go dream Know just what to say to get the bling For others she won't but (Will for me) Come in and pay some of these (Bills for me) Not just standin' around lookin (Real pretty) I'm talkin' bout a bitch that'll (Kill for me) [Hook: J.D.] Where my thong wearin' shorties at Got the game down packed Got they own car, little crib and a dough stack [All: That's what I'm lookin' for] They know just what a brotha needs How to throw it and make him not wanna leave When it's time to go down, they ain't scared to freak [ALL: That's what I'm lookin' for] And where my Proda wearin' shorties who Claim they don't love you But anytime you want something done, they do [ALL: That's what I'm lookin' for] Them 4, 5, 6 types Down to do it all night See that there, is the type of bitch I like [ALL: That's what I'm lookin for] [Da Brat] Oh yeah See me, I like a big, buff nigga, get tough nigga Sex me rough till I beg to get up nigga What's up? You got a hot cars I'ma need to ride find (What I'm lookin' for) To bump these hot boys, let me get the Visa So I can Discover your MasterCard Let's cruise the beaches and then park the yacht At the dock at the beaches Don't stop, got nothin' but hot releases A thug by my side cause I need em' Forget any reason I give He'll stop a nigga from breathin' cause he lives for me Dedicated to Brat only That sexy smile, personality, my (Complextion) give a nigga (Erection) Condom in the bra for (My protection) Tell ya at the end and begin it with Shawn What's my name (Brat) And I can fuck all night till the break of dawn Lookin' for me, a thug that's ready to get it on I'm like an athletic down to sweat Cause he gotta get it Cut, split it and wet it, servin' me cause he love to get it And it tastes so good he'll never forget Believe me when I spit It's a party, move yo body, come on [Missy] 1-  Move your body, move to the music (Yeah)   Grab somebody, keep it movin'   Get up on the dance floor, shake your thang now   Everybody in the club   [ALL: That's what I'm lookin for] [Hook: Da Brat] 2-  Where my rollie wearin thugs who   Claim they don't love you   But anytime you want something done they do   [ALL: That's what I'm lookin' for]   The ball all night type, frontin', screamin' thug life   That's the type of nigga I like   [ALL: That's what I'm lookin' for] [Missy repeat 1] [Da Brat repeat 2] [Missy repeat 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Block Party / FANomenal Song: Best, Best * Typed by: oooslickooo05@yahoo.com * first single (Danja) Yeah, Yeah What we about to do miss? (Missy Elliott) Hey yo Danja! We finna switch R&B baby! Imma flip a new melody on these suckas! Lets go! (CHORUS) Boy you're so sexy, I don't wanna look at another man and And when I see you, don't want you touching On her again and And baby when im close to you I feel those butterflies- ies I'm laying in my bedroom Sit back and fantasize-ize (FIRST VERSE) He the best (best), He the bomb (bomb) He cute (cute), He umm (Umm) He fly (fly), He fresh (fresh) He give me, good sex (sex) He grind (grind), all the time (time) Got money, on his mind (mind) He's a balla (he's a balla) He's my man, Shot calla He's a freak (freak), Imma freak (freak) We freak (freak), All week (week) I love him, He love me (me, me, me, me) He take me, to the mall (mall) He buy me, half the mall (mall) He's tight (tight), My type (type) He give me, What I like (like) (CHORUS) Boy you're so sexy I don't wanna look at another man and And when I see you, don't want you touching on her again and And baby when I'm close to you I feel those butterflies- ies I'm laying in my bedroom Sit back and fantasize-ize (SECOND VERSE) We kiss (kiss), all the time (time) That boy (boy), he fine (fine) He pimp (pimp), he stunt (stunt) He give me (me) what I want (‘ant) We fuss (fuss), we fight (fight) We make up, by the night (night) We go out, to the club (club) We get crunk, in the club (club) He buy me patron (‘tron) he buy me patron (‘tron ‘tron) He spending on me (me) make it rain boo, on me (me,me) His love (love), so cool (cool) I call him, my boo (boo) We go (go) everywhere, (where) everywhere (where), he's there (there) (CHORUS) Boy you're so sexy I don't wanna look at another man and And when I see you, don't want you touching on her again and And baby when I'm close to you I feel those butterflies- ies I'm laying in my bedroom Sit back and fantasize-ize (THIRD VERSE) My dude (dude), buy me shoes (shoes) I don't see no, other dude (dude) He never disrespect (‘spect) Got one big, ol' dick (dick) He know how, to put it down (down) He know how, to put it down (down) We do -do, do it all-all He be my-my, bootycall -call He give me, butterflies (flies) When I look in-to his eyes (eyes) He my (my), fiancé (cé) Call me dreamgirl, Beyonce (ce) My nookie is his (his), My nookie is his (is his his!) He cute (cute), he fine (he fine) He sexy, all the time (time) Imma let this shit ride oh And make you feel real high! C'mon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Timbaland Album: Block Party Song: 9th Inning Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Timbaland] Yeah, Yeah! Check it... Yeah! [Missy Elliott] Now I'm in the 9th inning Thought I fell off, I ain't quite finished Yeah, I'm 'bout to put my foot in it Talk wit' it, walk wit' it, I'm no gimmick (YEAH!) Twnety-twelve, there be no games Real rap, real bars, I'm not playin Haters y'all lame, you a Missy fayne I'm a beast in the booth, I'm just sayin (YEAH!) I make 'em wanna get low Duck wit' it, buck wit' it, let's go Everytime I spit a rhyme, it's a sick flow You newcomers better sit back and take notes (YEAH!) This here my time Here I come, better run, take what's mine 'Bout to let off like a Tec 9 (BR-R-R-R-RAT!) This rhyme gon' make 'em push rewind (YEAH!) Yeah, I'm so hot Up on the charts, number one spot See me when I drop and I won't flop Missy never stop, got the music game on lock (YEAH!) Wanna get served? You third, you second, but I come first Flip my verse like I flip birds I'm FYAAAH~! Yessir [Chorus: Timbaland] We hit makin, hit breakin Party shakin, innovator Groundbreakin, sole creator We be the most anticipated Hit makin, hit breakin Party shakin, innovator Groundbreakin, sole creator We be the most anticipated [Missy Eliiott over Chorus] Aiyyo, Timbaland! They thought it was over! We on that next shit! THEY'RE BAAAACK! What! [Timbaland] Now I'm in the 9th inning Niggaz think I fail when I'm still winnin So I been gone for a hot minute I love this shit, that's why I got a gift in it (YEAH!) Fuck nigga, get fly Nigga cain't talk wit' a gun in the mouth Niggaz bitch up, bet they run in the house I can smell bullshit when they walk by (YEAH!) Heard that old saying, yo Never ever cross a one day, give ya most Never ever act funny for the white folks I'm a big fisherman when you a tadpole (YEAH!) or like Lady Ga' (Gaga) Why you let a nigga do ya whole album? Where you think that fake producer got ya style from? Come fuck witta nigga, watch the outcome (YEAH!) Ain't no real artists Wack talent get in real starvin All you hear in music is the chorus Well that's okay, Timmy back in the story [Missy Elliott over Chorus] Y'all cain't be serious! We break records, I done told y'all! How many of y'all got a catalogue this long? Don't worry, I'll wait! [Missy Elliott] Down to the 9th inning I'm the real deal, y'all pretendin Years later, my songs still spinnin I do record deals no less than ten milli (YEAH!) My hits be yay long My songs go on like a marathon Get ghost, get gone, you a dum-dum Better 'round here, come on biters like a python (YEAH!) Wanna act fly? Wanna act like you better than the M-I Shakin 'em, bakin 'em all like a bean pie Takin 'em, burnin 'em down like I'm Left Eye (YEAH!) Futuristic Y'all can pack it up, I done ripped it When you say my name, call me Miss Bitch I make the next chick run to the exit (YEAH!) Yeah, yeah I got a sick sense I'm makin this a movie like a Netflix I'm on the guest list, on the check list I'm the flyest chick, now tell me who the best is! (YEAH!) Elliott be the name Elliott back in the game Elliott hit it wit' a bang Bring the hook back in, Timbalaind [Missy Elliott over Chorus] Did y'all forget?!! I think they forgot! They think we done! All we do is make hits! [Outro] And if you want a hit? Maybe we'll return ya call Don't call collect {You have a collect call from -} {*dial tone*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Beyonce, Free, MC Lyte Album: Fighting Temptations 12" Song: Fighting Temptations Typed By: eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Beyonce] Fighting temptation [Missy] Yo Beyonce, Free, MC Lyte, y'all ready Let it put it down for the clubs [Beyonce + Missy + Free + MC Lyte] Ladies! HEY! we got that beat that make you jump To my fellas! whoo! I'll got them cars them ladies love Party People! yeah! we gonna party all night And let yo soul, work! ooo! and let yo soul keep on workin' out [Verse 1 - Missy] + (Missy, Beyonce, MC Lyte, Free) I'm the type of chick, who be fightin' temptation Make you wait, before we have a relation Playboy, holla at me lata' Don't you know I'm managed by Violator (They shootin'), I'm exterminator I look good, so hate me hater Me and my girls drinkin', where's the waiter Cheatin' guys, I already played ya Ladies night don't suffocate us If you touch us, we gonna altercation Warn Missy, you's impersonator I got so much ice, I even scare Jacob (Beyonce, MC Lyte, and Free) (Missy, put it down on da beat) Party people, it's good sensation We gonna show you, how to fight temptation [Chorus - Beyonce] I'm just fighting temptation (Yeah) Gotta get more control (Control, yeah) Yet it's very tempting when you ask to take me home (Home) You know you want my love (Love) I don't think the time is right (No) Call when I'm ready, but it won't be tonight [Verse 2 - Free] We in the club, Free gully no doubt See this real deal playa, starin' dead in my mouth He got his crew, but I got mine too Send a note to my table like, what you gonna do Eye game got him spreadin' me out In my ear dry tears, how he left his spouse And oh, the nice cars, and impressive house He want to run up in, I ain't no regular route (Hoooo!) Me and the girls, we ain't stressin' out We ain't birds, we ain't headin' south (Noooo!) Them one nighters, that's sad and doubt That little talk on da creep ,what you said is out I gets cheddar, to help me do what ever No beef with Dennis Edwards, but I fight temptation I'm not sayin' I don't like temptation I'm just lookin' for da right temptation, ya kno' [Verse 3 - MC Lyte] Yeah, party liked I never partyed before I hit the door, all the dudes hit the floor Sweet, they messin' wit the brown sugar queen Fightin' temptation, like Layla Ali Wit the 1, 2, let me show you what the hon' do When I come through, wit the butta dip crew Now, show me that you got my back Love me from, where you at I got eyes up, over my shoulder If you should decide, to get closer (Hooo!) Well then this dance, is straight over I'm gone, and Missy's Testaroasa "Be cool", thay what Free say B. say, "Keep it clean but give them lee way" All I know, it's a crazy sensation You fine, but I'm fightin' temptation [Outro - Beyonce] + (Missy) + {Free} Wooooooo (We goin' show you how to fight temptation) My love, yeah {I'm jus' lookin for da right temptation} { } Wooooo, yeah, yeah, yeah (We goin' show you how to fight temptation) {I'm jus' lookin for da right temptation} { } Yeah, yeah, yeah, woooooo [Beyonce + Missy + Free + MC Lyte] W-w-what you gonna do (Hoo-hoo) W-w-what you gonna do (Hoo-hoo) W-w-what you gonna do (Hoo-hoo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Get Ur Freak On (Import Single) Song: Get Ur Freak On (Bastone & Berstien Club Mix) Typed by: the520@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Missy) HOLLA Missy be puttin' it down HOLLA Missy be puttin' it down HOLLA Missy be puttin it down I'm the hottest round I told y'all mother-uhh y'all can't stop me now Listen to me now  I'm lastin twenty rounds And if you want me PEOPLE  then come on get me now (YES) Is you with me now (YES)  then biggie biggie bounce (YES) I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style (HOLLA!!) People sing around (YES) Now people gather round, now people jump around [Chorus - repeat 2X] get your freak on, go get your freak on, go get your freak on, go get your freak on, go HOLLA get your freak on, go get your freak on, go getcha getcha getcha getcha getcha freak on HOLLA  (four second pause) [Missy] THAT YOUR CHICK? People you don't know? Me and Timbaland been hot since twenty years ago What da dilly yo, now what da drilly yo If you wanna battle me then PEOPLE lemme know (HOLLA!!) Got to feel it son HOLLA Lemme throw you some HOLLA got the feeling son HOLLA  let me throw you some  [Missy] QUIET!!!!!!! Sssshhhhhh, hush yo' mouth QUITE!!!!!!! Ssssshhhhhh hush yo mouth I know you feel me now (YES) I know you hear me loud (YES) I scream it loud and proud (YES) Missy gon' blow it down (YES) People gon' play me now (YES) in and outta town (YES) Cause I'm the best around (YES) with this crazy style go, go, go, go, go get your freak on get your freak on get your freak on get your freak on get your freak on get your freak on getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ludacris Album: Gossip Folks (CD-S) Song: Gossip Folks (Fatboy Slim Radio Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] When I rock up in the piece I ain't gotta even speak I'm a bad mama jama goddammit y'all people ain't gotta like me How you studying these hoes Need to talk what you know And stop talking bout who I'm sticking and licking just mad it ain't yours I know ya'll poor ya'll broke Y'all job just hanging up coats Step to me get burnt like toast Y'all suckers adios amigos Halves halves wholes wholes I don't brag I mostly boast From the VA to the LA coast Izzy kizzy izzy oh I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week Just wanna see who I am fucking boy, sniffing some yo I know by the time I finish this line I'm a hear this on the radio Musi ques, I sews on bews, I pues a twos on que zat Pue zoo, My kizzer, Pous zigga ay zee [Missy] When I pull up in my whip Y'all be like who that is I'm driving, I'm gliding, I'm sliding Y'all keep talking bout there she is I'm gripping these curbs Skurr, did ya heard I love em, my feathers, my furs, ah I fly like a bird Chicken heads on the prowl Who you trying fuck now Naw you ain't getting loud Better calm down for I smack your ass down I need my drum bass high Has to be my snare strings horns and I need my Tim sound, right, left Izzy kizzy looky here I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week Just wanna see who I am fucking boy, sniffing some yo I know by the time I finish this line I'm a hear this on the radio I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week [Ludacris] Yeah, uh huh, okay Once upon a time in College Park Where they live life fast and they scared of dark There was a little nigga by the name of Cris Nobody paid him any mind, no one gave a shit Knowing he could rap, no one lifted a hands So he went about his business and devised a plan Made a CD, then he hit the block 50 thousand sold, seven dollars a pop Hold the phone, three years later Stepped out the swamp, with ten and a half gators Now all around the world on the microphone Leaving the booth smelling like Burberry cologne Still riding chrome Got bitches in the kitchen, never home alone And he's on the grind Please let me know if he's on your mind And respect you'll give me Ludacris I live LOUD like Timmy Uh, had to clear these rumors I got a headache and it's not a tumor Get up on my lap and get my head sucked tight Sprayed so I never let the bed bugs bight I'm hard to the core, core to the right Drop down turn around pick a bale of cotton I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week Just wanna see who I am fucking boy, sniffing some yo I know by the time I finish this line I'm a hear this on the radio I don't go out my house shorty, you just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week Just wanna see who I am fucking boy, sniffing some yo I know by the time I finish this line I'm a hear this on the radio The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ludacris Album: Gossip Folks (Single) Song: Gossip Folks (Mousse T's Original Alternative) Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist 	(People) Yo, yo yo move out of the way We got Missy Elliott coming through Girl that is Missy Elliott she lost a lot of weight Girl I heard she eats one cracker a day Oh well I heard the bitch was married to Tim and started fucking with Trina I heard the bitch got hit with three zebras and a monkey I can't stand the bitch no way 	(Missy Elliott) When I walk up in the place I ain't gotta even speak I'm a bad mama jama goddammit motherfucker you ain't gotta like me How you studying these hoes Need to talk what you know And stop talking bout who I'm sticking and licking just mad it ain't yours I know ya'll poor ya'll broke Ya'll job just hanging up clothes Step to me get burnt like toast Motherfuckers adios amigos Halves halves wholes wholes I don't brag I mostly boast From the VA to the LA coast Izzy kizzy izzy oh Did you know About the Gossip Folk That did the oakey-doak And Missy had to smoke Them cos she's dope... Super dope... And she is fly... So super fly... 	(Missy Elliott) When I pull up in my whip Bitches wanna talk shit I'm driving I'm glad and I'm styling in these muthafuckas eyes did you see it? I'm gripping these curbs Skurr, did ya heard I love em, my feathers, my furs I fly like a bird Chicken heads on the prowl Who you trying fuck now Naw you ain't getting loud Better calm down for I smack your ass down I need my drum bass high Has to be my snare strings horns and I need my Tim sound right, left Izzy kizzy looky here 	(Missy Elliott) I don't go out my house shorty You just waiting to see Who gon roll up in the club and then report that next week Just wanna see who I am fucking boy Sniffing some coke I know by the time I finish this line I'm a hear this on the radio 	(Ludacris) Yeah, uh huh, okay Once upon a time in College Park Where they live life fast and they scared of dark There was a little nigga by the name of Cris Nobody paid him any mind No one gave a shit Knowing he could rap No one lifted a hands So he went about his business and devised a plan Made a CD and then he hit the block 50 thousand sold Seven dollars a pop Hold the phone Three years later Steeped out the swamp With ten and a half gators All around the world on the microphone Leaving the booth smelling like Burberry cologne Still riding chrome Got bitches in the kitchen Never home alone And he's on the grind Please let me know if he's on your mind And respect you'll give me Ludacris I live loud like Timmy Uh, had to clear these rumors I got a headache and it's not a tumor Get up on my lap and get my head sucked tight Sprayed so I never let the bed bugs bight Hard to the core Core to the right Drop down turn around pick a bale of cotton 	(People) Yo, straight up Missy killed that shit tonight for real I know I know, I don't even care about her being preganant by Michael Jackson (no) You know what we should do We should go get her album when it comes out There she go, there she go, there she Hiiiii Misssy 	(Missy Elliott) Hi Missy? What's up fools? You think I ain't knowin yall broke Milli Vanilli Jay Jay fan wannabes ain't over here gossiping bout me? Yo how bout you buff these Pumas for 20 cents so your lights wont get cut off You soggy breasts, cow stomachs Yo take those baby GAP shirts off, too You just mad cos Payless ran out of plastic pumps for the after party Yo by the way, go get my album Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: SWV f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Hav Plenty Soundtrack Song: I Wanna Be Where You Are Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Missy] Uhh, uhh Yo, yo, yo, freeky-freeky Yo-yo, uhh, S-S W-W V Uhhhh-huh, ah one-two Uhh, ya know Freeky-freeky, uhh, ya know One, one, uhh, freeky-freeky uh [Verse One] Can it be I've stayed away too long Did I leave your mind when I was gone It's not my thing trying to get back But this time let me tell you where I'm at [Verse Two] You don't have to worry 'cause I'm coming Back to where I should have always stayed And now I've learned the meaning to your story And is it not enough for me to stay [repeat Verse One] I wanna be where you are oh Any where you are oh I wanna wanna be where you are oh Everywhere you are oh [Verse Three] Please don't close the door to our future There's so many things we haven't tried I will love you better than I used to And give you all the love I have inside I wanna be, I wanna be, oh I wanna be, I wanna be, oh I wanna be, I wanna be, oh I wanna be, I wanna be, oh [Chorus] - repeat until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Lil' Kim, Mocha, Timbaland Album: Can't Hardly Wait Soundtrack Song: Hit 'Em Wit' Da Hee (Remix) Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Verse One: Lil' Kim Missy (B.I.G.), uhh (hah hah) yeah I like dat Uhh, it's the Q to tha B to tha double E spittin' lovely And it don't stop, rocks shine through my tank top Where your bank stop?, I deposit all of one drop (hah) Thank not, exscuse me but uh I like to flow cause this Joint knocks harder then Indica and I be off the wall like The Lox Night box filled with Benjamins (woo) Me and my girl Missy gettin' pissy up in Benigans Makin' all you other rappers begin again, like Finnigan Christians repent then sin again (woo) Girls wanna be my friend again Lay up in my crib-o-wit', get up in my limousine While 'Misdemeanor' hit notes like Sarafina I subpeona you to my funk room see I hit you wit' da huhhh, she wit' you wit' da hee Verse Two: Missy You're not good enough to satisfy me (uh huh, can't satisfy me) Even with yo cars and all the fly whips, I won't trip (uhh) Cause I got many guys that wanna buy me (uh huh) French cuts for my wrists to keep me hooked smooth out and dip I keep hittin' Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee (I hit 'em wit' da hee) [Hit 'em wit' da hee] I hit 'em wit' da haa [This ones for you and me] This for you and me Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Verse Three: Missy Just cause you cash a check and put in in da bank (uh huh) That don't make me want to go out and sleep wit' you (nah nah) I got my own ride and gas in da tank (uh huh) Thanks, but no thanks, I won't be needin' you I hit 'em wit' da Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee [Hit 'em wit' da hee] I hit 'em wit' da haa This for you and me [For you and me, for you and me] Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Verse Four: Mocha Uh yo uh yo, it be me M-O, on the M-I-C Repin' N.Y.C., the true V.I.P. And I can't see nobody, who can come this real Get it done this real, gettin' love this real Niggas love this feel, gimme a Dutch to peel Moc-ha takin' ov-er, cause I'm so ill Got used to talkin' shit, they not witnessin' it And while I'm spittin' like this Check what I'm hittin' 'em wit' Bridge Hee haa Hee haa Hee haa (I hit 'em wit' da ha) Hee haa Hee haa Hee haa (I hit 'em with' da hee) Chorus I hit 'em wit' da hee I hit 'em wit' da haa [This is for you and me] This for you and me (this for you and me) Play it in your cars (play it in yo car) Interlude: Timbaland Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh huh uh uh Sometimes I feel like movin' my feet Sometimes I won't, wha uh huh Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes we make you move ya feet Sometimes we don't (yo yo yo yo) Misdemeanor Verse Five: Missy I'm comin' around the corna corna You think you tough, well let me see what you wonna wonna Cause on the mic I get it hot like Datoyna don't I I get the party jumpin' from 5 in the mornin' You wanna bumble wit' da Bee then let me see call her You wanna be a big balla, big spend-aholic I get the feeling that you tryin' to impress me One two one three, hit you wit' da hee Hee hee hee hee hee hee Outro: Timbaland Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, wha uh huh Sometimes we feel like movin' my feet Sometimes we won't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes I feel like doin' a beat Sometimes I don't, uh uh uh uh Sometimes we make you move ya feet Sometimes we won't wha Uh huh, yeah uh huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Honey Soundtrack Song: Hurt Sumthin Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Yeah, this for all my mixshow DJ's, underground DJ's and wannabe DJ's Who know how to get the party started, then spin it This is an introduction, of what's about to come One nation under a groove Heartbeat, tight work, aw So for all you ? people, this is not rock and roll This is only for the clubs, heartbeat, tight work, aw Mister bartender, I need me a drink to really talk kink so can you pour 'em Smoke me something that make my eyes chink and wink out ya man see how I score 'em Check out my pants, the sexy way I dance, then switch my style again cos the method's borin' Make me a bill, a million dollar bill, I'm on top with you like Alicia fallin' See I came in this game and I kicked the door in Slept on me and you still get snorin' Don't you see I'm on fire, you still ignorin' That's why I'm rich and you still be poorin' This beat make you say how mercy Lordy My voice sound like I've been drinkin' forty A freak when I speak, I'm talkin' naughty Comin' soon in your hood, I will be tourin' Ah, get back, aw, we about to, we about to hurt somethin' Then you hear about how we keep the club jumpin' We gon' tear the roof off this mother sucker (jump, jump, jump, jump, jump) Take that, aw, we about to, we about to hurt somethin' Then you hear about how we keep the club jumpin' We gon' tear the roof off this mother sucker Why you want me to come out and play Over there pussycat (touché) Exclusive ? for mixshow DJ's I would give you one dollar if you play today I want to do the voulez vous coucher Do you like to eat a lot of sushi Look at me dance like I am chick fully Ay sucker what you say (ey, ey, ey, ey) See I know how to rock the party Put your hands on that ass and spank somebody Got my hands up like somebody rob me Boy, if you got bait, let me see your money Small dick, get no chicks, I'm truly sorry But you get the fake digits, no need to call me Say what, shake your body Sh-sh-sh-sh-shake your body Ah, get back, aw, we about to, we about to hurt somethin' Then you hear about how we keep the club jumpin' We gon' tear the roof off this mother sucker (jump, jump, jump, jump, jump) Take that, aw, we about to, we about to hurt somethin' Then you hear about how we keep the club jumpin' We gon' tear the roof off this mother sucker (yo, mami what's your name) Player please get a job (I'm paid) Yeah, you must steal and rob You talks trash, but you ain't even gotta call (How you know) Cos I seen your ass ? You call me ? player, like you think it's my fault The type of minute man, faking like you last long Please kill it man, lying to the superstar It's so hot, go head, take your clothes off Ah, get back, aw, we about to, we about to hurt somethin' Then you hear about how we keep the club jumpin' We gon' tear the roof off this mother sucker (jump, jump, jump, jump, jump) Take that, aw, we about to, we about to hurt somethin' Then you hear about how we keep the club jumpin' We gon' tear the roof off this mother sucker So, so, fresh, fresh, so, so, fresh, fresh (touché) So, so, fresh, fresh, so, so, fresh, fresh (touché) So, so, fresh, so, so, fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy f/ Eve, Lil' Mo, Nas, Q-Tip Album: Hot Boyz 12" Song: Hot Boyz (Remix) Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Missy] This is for my ghetto motherfuckers, uh [Nas] Uh, forty side felony Felony, misdemeanor The charge is murder Escobar CB on bikes I'm switching gears Headlights, shine so bright Bitches freeze like deers Them fiends want that deep boy Feds send in a decoy, pack that heat boy Push ya where ya rest in peace boy Get your mama's house shot up Bodies all chopped up When them bodies pop up, I ain't getting' locked up My Bentley cruise the block, with the sun roof top Hood rats jumpin' on my jock cause I blew up the spot Crushin' your Benz, crushin' your Navigator system My QB piece make y'all niggas tuck you're shit in It's Nas in your area, Queens 'bout to tear it up Braveheart y'all scared of us, real niggas, they be us [Missy & Lil' Mo] What's your name, cause I'm impressed? Can you treat me good, I won't settle for less You a hot boy, a rock boy A fun toy, tote a glock boy Where you live, is it by yourself? Can I move with you, do you need some help? I cook boy, I'll give you more I'm a fly girl, and I like those 1 -	[Missy & Lil' Mo] 	Hot boyz 	Baby you got what I want 	See cause y'all be driving Lexus jeeps 	And the Benz jeeps, and the Lincoln jeeps 	Nothin' cheaper, got them Platinum Visa's 	Hot boyz 	Baby you got what I want 	See cause y'all be driving' Jaguars 	And the Bentley's, and the Rolls Royce 	Playin' hardballs with them Platinum Visa's [Missy & Lil' Mo] Is that your car, the SK-8? Are you riding alone, can I be your date? Come get me, get me, don't diss me, don't trick me Got some friends, can they come too? Can you hook them up wit' some boyz like you A hot boy, a rock boy, on top boy And I like those Repeat 1 [Eve] Yo only take 'em thugged out Slightly bugged out, fuck with his tongue out Know the job ain't getting done, until the body getting drugged out Hot boy, keep me right Play your part and I'll keep it tight Where else you gonna be in the middle of the night But up in the sheets with me aiight Gangsta, true to your gang, street master You the one I need when there's beef, street blaster  Ain't afraid to stop a cat, plus pop a cat, huh Soldier, cash money, rule your world What's topping that? Huh, S-4-3-0 keep me on my toes Get a tingle in my spine, wet spot only he knows He's a hot boy, Missy sing it out and I'm gon' spit it Ruff Ryders scream it loud, daddy is you with it If your team can't handle my bitches then we gon' ride Brickhouse stallions, keep thugs open wide, huh 'Illadelph's best E-V-E stay committed Mess with many, but if he ain't the realer I ain't with it, with it [Q-Tip] Yo, mommy what the deal? Ain't no heat fuckin' hotter than the heat a nigga hold I think you really should be told that I deal with long shafts That keep a long blast (blast) Now look at a nigga and peel off fast (come on) Word you got your girlfriend Word, she can get it too Fuck it though, I'm honest yo I'm saying though, let's play it through Getting cinematic with it Niggas if you got it, hit it Fuck the dumbness Hit it till its numbness [Missy & Lil' Mo'] Hot boy Baby you got what I want Won't you really come and satisfy me I be lovin' you like endlessly (Everyday all day) Hot boy Baby you got what I want Won't you really come and satisfy me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Twista Album: Licks Shots / Get Ur Freak On Remix (Vinyl) Song: Get Ur Freak On (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] Hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me, hit me Give me some new shit Give me some new shit Give me some new shit Give me some new shit [Missy] Missy be puttin' it down, I'm the hottest round I told y'all mother (uh), y'all can't stop me now Listen to me now, I'm lastin' twenty rounds And if you want me (nigga) then come on get me now (yes) Is you wit me now (yes), then biggie biggie bounce (yes) I know you dig the way I sw-sw-switch my style Holla, holla, people sing around (yes) Now people gather round (yes), now people jump around [Missy] Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on [Missy] Is that yo chick, people you don't know Me and Timbaland been hot since twenty years ago What the dealio, now what the drilly-o (yes) If you wanna battle me then (nigga) let me know (yes) Holla, holla, got to feel it son Let me throw you some *indian voice* (yes) People here I come (yes) now sweat me when I'm done (yes) We got the radio shook like we got a gun [Missy] Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on [Twista] Why, Twista put the ? down to that Missy sound Blow your mind with a ? flow like fifty pounds Now come and see me fly when you see me high Jam right like love on the dizzone, G-C-I In the C-H-I city rollin' on dubs Get it right, used to number roll on 22's to the club, drama If you step to the T cause I'm not the one Let the pimp bust ya like Chris Tucker, I kill people for fun Get your master on, get your gloves on Get your heat on, then get your creep on Get your lick on, then put your peeps on Y'all get your bong on, then you can get your freak on Come and kick it with the brother with the sticky Take a hit and when I feel it on a fifty Gotta get up in the party and a sippin' on Bacardi And we hit 'em wit a little bit of Remi Feelin' when you roll with the alcoholics All the other motherfuckers wanna call us Hit a rhythm when I read up in the city In the ghetto with the murderers and the legit ballers All of my hustlers get down, all the fine ladies stay loose P-I platinum ?, at the bar sippin' grape juice Call the yay and rolly, strapped to most of my homies No Crystalle, off poppin' Dom P's and multiple Moey's Jab and bust at them phoneys, quick to work you, hurt you Right now we ain't know that cause I got purple in my circle Hundred dollar pillows, legit baller's kilos Take a ? pull the fillos, but first where the cigarillos Get your master on, get your gloves on Get your heat on, get your creep on Get your lick on, then put your peeps on Y'all get your bong on, then you can get your freak on [Missy] Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on [Missy] Quiet! Ssh, hush your mouth Silence when I spit it out *Spit* in your face Open your mouth, give you a taste Holla, holla, ain't no stoppin' me Copywritten so don't copy me Y'all do it, sloppily And y'all can't come close to me (yes) I know you feel me now (yes) I know you hear me loud (yes) I scream it loud & proud (yes) Missy gon' blow it down (yes) People gon' play me now (yes) in and outta town (yes) Cause I'm the best around (yes) with that crazy style [Missy] Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha freak on, go, getcha freak on Go, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha, getcha freak on Itch nee, san chi The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Christina Aguilera, Missy Elliott, Mya, Pink Album: Moulin Rouge Soundtrack * Song: Lady Marmalade Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com * first single/video from Moulin Rouge Soundtrack [Lil' Kim] Where's all mah soul sistas; lemme hear ya'll flow sistas [Intro] Hey sister, go sister, soul sister, flow sister Hey sister, go sister, soul sister, go sister [Verse 1: Mya] He met Marmalade down in old Moulin Rouge Strutting her stuff on the street She said, "Hello, hey Joe You wanna give it a go?" oh Itchy gitchi yaya dada (hey hey hey) Itchy gitchi yaya hee (hee oh) Mocha chocolata yaya (ooh yeah) Creole Lady Marmalade (ohh) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (oh oh) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi (yeah yeah yeah yeah) [Verse 2: Pink] He sat in her boudoir while she freshened up Boy drank all that magnolia wine On her black satin sheets Is where he started to freak, yeah Itchi gitchi yaya dada (da da yeah) Itchi gitchi yaya hee (ooh yeah yeah) Mocha chocolata ya ya Creole Lady Marmalade, uh Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi (ooh) [Verse 3: Lil' Kim] Yeah, yeah, aw We come through with the money and the garter belts Let 'em know we 'bout that cake, straight out the gate We independent women, some mistake us for whores I'm saying, why spend mine when I can spend yours Disagree, well that's you and I'm sorry I'mma keep playing these cats out like Atari Wear high heeled shoes, get love from the dudes Four badass chicks from the Moulin Rouge Hey sisters, soul sisters Gotta get that dough sisters We drink wine with diamonds in the glass by the case     The meaning of expensive taste We wanna itchi gitchi yaya (come on) Mocha chocolata (what) Creole Lady Marmalade (One more time, come on) Marmalade (ooh) Lady Marmalade (ooh yeah) Marmalade (ohh) [Verse 4: Christina] Hey, hey, hey Touch of her skin feeling silky smooth, oh Color of cafe au lait, alright Made the savage beast inside Roar until he cried More, more, more [Pink] Now he's back home doing nine to five (nine to five) [Mya] Living a gray flannel life [Christina] But when he turns off to sleep, memories keep More, more, more Itchi gitchi yaya dada Itchi gitchi yaya hee (ohh) Mocha chocolata ya ya (ooh) Creole Lady Marmalade Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir (ce soir) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi (ohh) Come on, uh [Missy Elliott] Christina Moulin Pink Lady Marmalade Lil' Kim Hey, uh uh uh uh uh uh uh Mya Rockwilder baby Lady Moulin Rouge Ooh Misdemeanor here Creole Lady Marmalade, ooh yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Ludacris, Trina Album: One Minute Man 12" Song: One Minute Man (Video Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. Ohh, ohh, uhh, OOOH Ohh, ohh.. [Missy] Boy I'ma make you love me, make you want me And I'ma give you some attention, tonight Now follow my intuitions, what you're wishin' See I'ma keep you up all night, for a long time So start countin' away Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no one minute man Break me off, show me what you got Cause I don't want, no.. [Missy] Tonight I'ma give it to you, throw it to you I want you to come prepared, ohhh yeah (oh yes) Boy it's been a long time, a crazy long time And I don't want no minute man, and that's real Give it to me some more [Ludacris] Yeah, uhh, uhh It's time to set yo' clock back bout as long as you can I stop daylight, it's Ludacris the maintenance man Get your oil changed, I check fluids and transmission You one minute FOOLS, you wonder why y'all missin On the back of milk cartons and there's no reward No regards, close but it's no cigar A hard head make a soft ass, but a hard dick make the sex last I jump in pools and make a big splash Water overflowin, so get your head right It's all in yo' mind punk so keep your head tight Enough with tips and advice and thangs I'm big dog, havin women seein stripes and thangs They go to sleep, start snorin, countin sheep and shit They so wet, that they body start to leak and shit Just cause I'm an ALL-nighter, shoot ALL fire Ludacris, balance and rotate ALL tires [Missy] Ooooooh, I don't want I don't need, I can't stand no minute man I don't want no minute man Ooooooh, here's your chance be a man take my hand understand I don't want no minute man [Trina] Uh, uh You know lil' mama ain't with that quick shit You better break me off stiff tongue or stiff dick One minute, two minutes, three minutes Hell naw, to please me you gotta sleep in it I see you talk a good game and you play hard But if I put this thing on ya, can you stay hard? If not, you better keep your day job Cause I'm looking for a man to make me say God (GOD!) I'm off glass and you know this I'll work your ass out like aerobics So baby stay focused Start off slow and then speed it up Baby show me what you got, is you a G or what? If you can't beat it up then eat it up Put a cherry on top, whip cream it up, What? [Missy](Trina) Break me off, break-break me off Break-break me off Show me what you got (What?) Break me off, show me what you got (What?) Break me off, show me what you got Break-break me off, break-break me off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Young Buck (G-Unit) Album: Pass That Dutch (CD-S) Song: Pass That Dutch (Amended Version) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] Run for cover, cover, cover [Young Buck] Remix, Missy, pass to me In the club without the dutches, it ain't known to me, yeah Fish food wrapped up in a peach Greenery gon' slur your speech like urrr [Missy] (Young Buck) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (yeah, it's the remix) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (it's ya boy) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (Young Buck in the mix, let's go) [Missy] (Young Buck) Misdemeanor on the floor, pretty boy here I come Pumps in the bunk, make you wanna hurt something I can take your man, I don't have to sex 'em Hang 'em out the window, call me Michael Jackson, hehehe I'm a pain in your rectum, I am that bitch y'all slept on Heavy hitter, rhyme spitter, call me re-run Hey, hey, hey, I'm what's happening (yeah) Now to get my drink, that's right Shake your ass till it stink, that's right Mr. Mo's on the beat, that's right Put it down for the streets, that's right [Missy] (Young Buck) Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (yeah, it's the remix) Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby (it's the remix) Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet (get it on and get crazy) [Missy] (Young Buck) Number one, drums go bump, bump, bump This beat here will make you hump, bump, jump If you's a fat one put your clothes back on Before you start putting pot holes in my lawn (ah) Oh my God, show 'em I'm large Shove my beat up, attack like my name was Saddam I am the bomb from New York to Milan And I can write a song sicker than Jeffrey Dahm' *car alarm* Don't touch my car alarm Break in my car, you will hear viper armed I've been a superstar since Daddy Kane was raw I'm live on stage, come on and give me some applause *applause* Thank you, oh thank you, you all are so wonderful [Missy] (Young Buck) Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (yeah, what up Miss) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (it's the Young Buck) Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat (ok I'm ready) Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet [Young Buck] (Missy) It go (woohoo) run for cover Delivery's so good just mack your mother like Brothers barbeque And I will never really ever understand what you did started do I got a bottle of hypno you know I'm scorin' Throwback North Carolina, Jordan, yeah Young Buck's a heavyweight Because I handle my weight and I be carryin' weight now wait Ok, the jump off jumped off Play bullshit on the dancefloor, they run off No dough, I got nothing to come off Ok Miss, go and get your run off [Missy] Pop that, pop that, make that money Just keep it going like the Energizer bunny Shake that, shake that, move it all around Spank that, yank that dutch back now Freak him, freak her, whatever your choice Didn't come to judge, I cam to get you moist Scream, whoo whoo, now my voice is lost Can I get a ride on a white horse *horse* [Missy] (Young Buck) Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch (it's the remix) Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet [Young Buck] Young Buck playin' twister, not the game But the same colors ain't what I'm twistin' man I got a lot to go around You gettin' it over and over and over till the sundown Heavy breathing, cops chase me in a rundown Flow heat, so they holler put the gun down I'm like no, all I got is some goo-good They like yeah we know you, you from the hoo-hood I'm like sheesh, I be rappin' They like, yeah we know a nigga from the alliance, take action I know you hate me though I'm with the only female in the game makin' Oprah dope Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Christina Aguilera f/ Missy Elliott Album: Shark Tale (Original Soundtrack) Song: Car Wash Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] (Christina) Y'all small tuna fish, I'm one big catch This is a Shark Tale exclusive Y'all small tuna fish, I'm one big catch (here we go again) Y'all small tuna fish, I'm one big catch 2004, phenominal hit (say what, say what, yeah) Y'all small tuna fish, I'm one big catch, whoo [Christina] (Missy) Ooh, do, do, do, do, do, do, do Car wash, car wash (yeah, uh) Ooh, do, do, do, do, do, do, do Car wash, car wash (uh, yeah, let's drop it on 'em like this) Ooooh, do, do, do, do, do, do, na, na, na, ah, ooh Ooooh, do, do, do, do, do, do, na, na, na, ah, ooh [Christina] (Missy) You might not ever get rich, ha (come on) Let me tell you it's better than digging a ditch (uh) There ain't no telling who you might meet A movie star or maybe a common thief (yeah) [Christina] Working at the car wash, oh, oh, yeah, yeah At the car wash, yeah, ooh, yeah, yeah At the car wash, sing it with me now Working at the car wash yeah, whoo, ooh [Christina] (Missy) Come summer the work gets kind of hard (come on) This ain't no place to be if you're planning on being a star, uh, being a star Let me tell you it's always cool, cool And the boss don't mind sometimes if you're acting like a fool [Christina] Working at the car wash, oh, oh, yeah, yeah At the car wash, yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh At the car wash, ow, said, now come on and work it with me now Working at the car wash yeah, said, said, said, sing Said, said, said, sing [Christina] Work and work, well those cars never stop coming Work and work, whoo, keep those rags and machines humming Work and work my fingers to the bone Work and work, keep on and can't wait until it's time to go home, uh [Christina] Hey, get your car washed today Fill up and you don't have to pay Hey, get your car washed today Fill it up, right away [Missy] (Christina) Work at the car wash Sharks in the water make they jaws lock When I swim through the grim I'm too hot Y'all can make your bets, y'all small tuna fish, I'm one big catch Shark's lair, bow down player Cause this right here will be your worst nightmare (nightmare) Work that, work that, pop back, hurt that Turn this up and bang it all up in the surface Work and work, nine to five I gotta keep that fat stack coming Work and work, no matter how big this shark is, alright, keep running Work and work, washing cars ain't no place to be a superstar man Work and work, that's why I work, and work [Christina] Working at the car wash, ohh, yeah At the car wash, yeah, come on work, baby work it, say now At the car wash, ahhhh Working at the car wash, yeah So come on, come on, come on, come on, come on [Christina] Ooooh, do, do, do, do, do, do, na, na, na, ah, ooh, uh, now keep it coming Ooooh, do, do, do, do, do, do, na, na, na, ah, ooh, you may not ever get rich, but ah [Christina] (Missy) Hey, get your car washed today, hey Hey, get your car washed today, hey Hey, get your car washed today (phenomenal hit) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Sock it to Me/Can't Stand the Rain CD-5 Song: Release The Tension Typed by: magoousher@aol.com I’m the best and that’s B and that’s capital I hang low like testicles MCs when it come to these men who flow Hoes, better back up Fo’ they get slapped up Pack up and go tell mommy That I’m back up You, you, you, you and your whole crew Whatcha whatcha whatcha gone do  To me, that’s M-I-double S-Y E When it’s back to me It’s gonna be some tragedy [Verse One] Mmmm What’s your name  Cause you’ve got me You wanna know What it be like What the deal is Where my man at Can you get with me You say you got the things that I need What’s your name Cause you’ve got me You wanna know  Who I roll with Who I be with Who I’m down with Do I like to do the nasty things that you do  [CHORUS] Release some tension Break for, break for intermission For me and you, you start the kissing You’ll see what you’ve been missing Release some, some of your tension Break for intermission For me and you, you start the kissing You’ll see what you’ve been missing [VERSE TWO] Mmmmm You’re so fine I wanna make you mine I wanna know Can I be with you Can you be with me On the count of three Me and you gonna get romantically You’re so file I wanna make you mine  I wanna know Do you got a girl Is she good to you I bet she wont do the things that I’ll do to you [Repeat CHORUS] [Rap] Uh huh I be creeping and creeping With my peoples, my peoples With my homies, my homies We be smoking that reefer Trying to get (my) knees high Trying to get (my) knees high So I hit ‘em with a broken bang (pop-pop) Turn me up a notch  Neighbors wanna call the cops They can’t stand to see me rock Every house is on the block Nigga knock Don’t stop Nig-nig-nigga knock  [Repeat CHORUS] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Mad) Skillz f/ Kandi, Missy Elliott Album: Sounbombing III Song: Crew Deep Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro repeat 14x: Skillz] Un un un un, come on nigga [Skillz] (Missy Elliott) I be the S-K-I, double L, Z'n Block is hot again, guess who's the reason? Your favorite rapper, I got his ass not breathin You seen me with Missy so it's VA season Like (Hollaaaaa!) check the flow And if you a hater, exit the door Rap is a set up, just a lot of games A lot of suckas with colorful names I'm so and so, I'm this, I'm that But all y'all cats rap about is cars and crack And these R&B cats, spammers What chu think, you sound better with a wife beater and a bandana? (Hey!) Hunh, you fools need to stop Half y'all got paid studying pop And as far as these beats, I spit sparks to them I'm sick in the booth, aiyyo shorty talk to 'em, like... [Chorus: Kandi (Missy)] Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me My click D double E to the P  (Ahhhhh!) I put two in ya side Flow in ya doe in ya motherfucking ride Y'all really wanna fuck with me? My click D double E to the P (Ahhhhh!) I put two in ya chest Ain't no other yet cause I'm the motherfucking best [Skillz] Yo, stop what your doin, cause I'm about to ruin... These half-ass rappers your used to So who the fuck wanna battle me? I spit slugs out my mouth bout the size of a C battery Like, "chik chik chik", put it down, man Half of y'all cats lying on your sound scan And you sold what? That was the amount? Come on nigga, you know sample tapes don't count Real quick out the stash, been flippin at dash Bruise me with two feet when I'm kicking yo' ass And you never catch me in the club leaving a skirt If I don't get brains then the meter get jerk Y'all them fools in the club with a Smedian shirt Rent a car in your hometown just to see if it work For 18 years, your momma been feedin a jerk I spit something hot, have you getting wheezy like Turk, nigga [Skillz] Aiyyo, say blast I'ma blast, while y'all play dummies Hunh, thinking I ain't gon get this money Watch me come through spit sick and get fly Beat you on your best day on your best try, and... (Y'all don't really wanna...)  Dig out the stash cause I probably.. on yo' ass And my words make the track get up While I move on it, groove on it And keep you flows on the cut like... Rockin mic's, y'all know how we get down Catch me on tour when I slide through your town I'm hit bound, y'all lay down flat The new "King of VA", who's fuckin with that? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott Album: Step Up 2 the Streets Soundtrack Song: Ching-A-Ling Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Missy Elliott] The party is ending at 2 A.M. So whatever you must do.. Do it now! Ching, ching, gettin paid over here Ching, ching, gettin paid over here (This is...) Thirsty, baby bring it over here Thirsty, baby bring it over here See my money maker, do my money maker (Crazy baby!) See my money maker, do my money maker (Serious maaaan!) (ereh revo ti gnirb ybab, ytsrihT) (ereh revo ti gnirb ybab, ytsrihT) [Verse 1ne] M-I-S-sy, Missy be a freak Sex so good, I can freak you in my sleep Ice on my sleeve, I can make a room freeze Pockets mo' bigger than a stripper booty cheeks Dudes weak when they look at my physique French on my feet cost a buck fifty I don't swing from a pole, Missy swing from a tree I'm Muhammad Ali 'cause I sting like a bee Whatchu know about that? So cute and fat I let him hit it once, I watch the dude come back 'Cause the back so stacked like it's sittin on a jack Missy be the mack, that's a true fact [Chorus w/ ad-libs] [Verse 2wo] (I like this!)  Big things pop, little things stop If you talk a lot, in your mouth you get socked Miss don't flop 'cause I only get props House on the water, Aston Martin in the lot Look at my watch, cost a whole lot So iced out you cain't see it tick-tock Yeah, I'm so hot and I can't be topped Artists drop down like Michael Jackson socks Got the game lock, make ya body rock If Missy ain't on it, then ya song don't knock You might get mopped like a floor so don't walk You don't need to spit unless you live what you talk (Let's go!) [Verse 3hree] Missy switch it up, do ya damn thang Just like a chain, groupies wanna hang Talk that slang, gon' head and let it bang Make the hair stand like the hair on Don King Boom, boom, shing, I shine like bling bling Call me a queen, mean chicks stay in ya lane My flow so mean, if you know what I mean So fresh and clean, you can call me Irish Spring Whatchu know about that? Talk like ex-lax If ya game wack, then you ain't sayin jack Just like that, yea yea, to get axed 'Cause I got more hits than you can get out of a bat [Chorus and ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ Ginuwine, Tweet Album: Take Away 12" Song: Take Away (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, hanifrobinson@hotmail.com [Intro: Missy & Tweet] Oooooooooooh, yeah yeah [Verse 1: Missy (Tweet)] You're so incredible Ever since the day we became, we became.. so personal Everyday that I spend with you it gets.. unforgettable Anything that I did with you, I don't.. regret at all (I love everything about you, yeah) [Chorus: Missy (Tweet)] Take away, your gold and platinum chains (Your love for me is platinum, baby) Cause I'm gon' love, love you anyway (Oh, love you... anyaway) I'm not in it for, for the love of cash (It's not your dough, cuz I) Cause if you go broke, I gotta make it last [Missy & Tweet] Goin' nowhere, nowhere, nowhere.. [Verse 2: Ginuwine] Let's make, it national I want the whole world to know I'm with you, and I'm.. in love Ain't no girl in this world can fill your shoes, none not at all The things you do for me is so.. unbelievable And you can take away all the platinum chains [Chorus: Missy (Ginuwine)] Take away, your gold and platinum chains Cause I'm gon love, love you anyway (I'ma love you anyway, yes I am) I'm not in it for, for the love of cash (I'm only in it for the love of you) Cause if you go broke I gotta make it last (I gotta make it last baby) [Bridge: Missy & Ginuwine (Tweet)] I just wanna be the perfect match (I just...) You don't even have to ask.. (You don't... have to ask) I just wanna be the perfect match (I just...) We become so attached.. (We become... sooooooooooooooooo) I just wanna be the perfect match You don't even have to ask.. (Yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah) I just wanna be the perfect match We become so attached.. (Ooh, ooh, ooh, yeahhhhhhhhhh) [computer voice] Now can you hold me, now can you feel me Now can you get near me.. For once in your lifetime, for once in your lifetime Now can you hold me, now can you feel me Now can you get near me.. For once in your lifetime, for once in your lifetime [Chorus: Missy] Take away, your gold and platinum chains Cause I'm gon' love, love you anyway I'm not in it for, for the love of cash Cause if you go broke, I gotta make it last The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Busta Rhymes Album: This is Not a Test (Import) Song: Pass That Dutch (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Missy] Listen up everyone We have just been informed that there's an unknown virus That's attacking all clubs Symptoms have been said to be heavy breathing Wild dancing, coughing So when you hear the sound (Whooo!) Run for cover, cover, cover 	[Missy] Mmm, whoo, ah daddy, whoo, ah, oh, ooh Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ah) Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ah) Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ah) Pass that dutch (ah), pass that dutch (ah) 	[Missy] Misdemeanor on the floor, pretty boy here I come Pumps in the bunk, make you wanna hurt something I can take your man, I don't have to sex 'em Hang 'em out the window, call me Michael Jackson (hehehe) I'm a pain in your rectum, I am that bitch y'all slept on Heavy hitter, rhyme spitter, call me re-run Hey, hey, hey, I'm what's happening Now to get my drink, that's right Shake your ass till it stink, that's right Mr. Mo's on the beat, that's right Put it down for the streets, that's right 	[Missy] Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet 	[Missy] Number one, drums go bump, bump, bump This beat here will make you hump, bump, jump If you's a fat one put your clothes back on Before you start putting pot holes in my lawn Oh my God, show 'em I'm large Shove my beat up, attack like my name was Saddam I am the bomb from New York to Milan And I can write a song sicker than Jeffrey Dahm' *car alarm* Don't touch my car alarm Break in my car, you will hear viper armed I've been a superstar since Daddy Kane was raw I'm live on stage, come on and give me some applause *applause* Thank you, oh thank you, you all are so wonderful 	[Missy] Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet 	[Busta] Aha, aha, aha, ay yo Missy It would be my pleasure If you just let me knock they ass out for you baby Let's go! *ring* It's the immaculate, incredible Magnificent, unforgettable and imaginable ? dramatical situation See all the shit you be facin' While I be in the place In a way that be keeping the party shaking (oh) Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut four, hut Get that thong, shorty, pull it out your butt (what) See a crew of the baddest bitches laying the cut (what) If you ain't saying shit for, we keep your mouth shut What, shut, what, shut, what, keep your mouth shut I brought a couple shorties back and they cleaning my house up Almost forgot to mention I'm one of the most important And relevant in the street like a genius who speak intelligent, ah Look at all of the shades of my diamonds in my bezzle When light hits, forget it, I court a charge of embezzlement Missy, giving it to 'em, let's take 'em all on a ride Just remember to pass the dutch on the left hand side 	[Missy] Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet 	[Missy] Pop that, pop that, make that money Just keep it going like the Energizer bunny Shake that, shake that, move it all around Spank that, yank that dutch back now Freak him, freak her, whatever your choice Didn't come to judge, I cam to get you moist Scream (whoo whoo!) now my voice is lost Can I get a ride on a white horse *horse* 	[Missy] Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, come on pass the dutch baby Shake, shake, shake your stuff baby Whooo Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pass that dutch, pass that dutch Pop that, pop that, jiggle that fat Don't stop, get it till your clothes get wet 	[Missy] Pop that, pass the dutch baby, jiggle that fat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Nelly Furtado Album: Get Ur Freak On Remix 12"/Tomb Raider O.S.T. Song: Get Ur Freak On (Remix) Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nelly Furtado] She's a freak and I'm a chief head banger  With the top down low on the flow  Cause you're so fresh (fresh!) like b-boys with vests  Like runners carved chest hehehehe I run like the breeze  To catch this life but sometimes get a need til I bleed! There's truth, I go, there's around, I will tell it  A story, on the planet, Missy come in and I landed Well where did she come from?  This international goddess sun, so get your hands up  Like this hun until the party's just begun! So come over to my house and that's where this song's from  A less for the laugh from west coast version Portuguese diva! And Missy's the woman who always be cooking,  Says somethin' for Neltado who come dip her vibin  From DC to DJ and all around the world  Come giddy up giddy up back, back up to my girl! (Chorus) [Missy (Nelly Furtado)] Get Ur Freak on (Get, get, get, brrrrrrrrah, get, get, get) Get Ur Freak on Get Ur Freak on Get, get, get, get, get Get Ur Freak on Get Ur Freak on Get Ur Freak on Get Ur Freak on(Get, get, get, get, get Ur freak on) Get, get, get, get, get Get Ur Freak on [Missy] Who's that bitch? [Nelly Furtado] Me, me Nelly, Nelly, Nell that Furtado all up in your stereo I fuck alot and don't tell me you don't like it slow You tired of me with the stamp so let me stamp it though [Missy] Yo!!!!!!!!!!!! Get your women doe People validate flow Stick you up like Velcro Cause me and Nelly say so [Nelly Furtado] I'm doing hella boos Something strange in your pool Cause my fire spin your head 'round like Missy (Chorus) w/ extra vocals by Nelly Furtado [Missy] Dem wan' dance Everybody getting freaky deaky Wan' dance Grap your partner grap em by the ass like Wan' dance Throw your body swiftly to the beat Dem wan' dance (no) Dem wan' dance (no) Everybody drunk in the club Dem wan' dance Everybody standing on the block  That wan' dance Everybody getting freaky deaky Wan' dance Dem wan' dance (Chorus) (0.5X) (w/ extra vocals from Nelly Furtado) [Missy (Nelly Furtado)] Remix, with Nelly Furtado (Get Ur freak on) look, look Nelly Furtado  (Get Ur, Get Ur, Get Ur) Aight (Get Ur, Get, Get, Get) Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh (Get, Get, Geeeeeet, Get) Some new shit (Da, da, da, da, ding, ding) – 3X Artist: Various Artists Album: Wake Up Everybody Song: Wake Up Everybody Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Wyclef Jean] My people in the east, sure, you gotta wake up Midwest, dirty south, girl you gotta stand up All my homies in the west, sure you gotta wake up Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up [Mary J. Blige] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much from what it used to be There's so much hatred, war and poverty [Monica] Wake up all the teachers, time to teach a new way Maybe then they'll listen to what you have to say [Claudette Ortiz] Cause they're the one's who coming up The world is in their hands When you teach the children Teach them the better questions you can [Eve] Uh, huh, scream peace, do we mean it Can you feel it when we scream it out loud, do you believe that we need it Do you believe that it could get right Do you believe that the children of the world deserve a good life Well if you do it's time to wake up your mind We can make it better and I know it might take some time But we gotta start somewhere, how bout wit you and me From us it goes to others then we'll have our unity [Musiq] Wake up all the doctors, make the old people aware They're the ones who suffer, catch all the hair But they don't have so very long before their judgement day So won't you make them happy before they pass away [Ashanti] (Faith Evans) Wake up all the builders, time to build a new land I know we can do it long as we lend a hand The only thing we have to do is put it in my minds And surely things will work out cause they do it everytime (do it everytime) [Fabolous] (Brandy) I ain't here to take up y'all time I came to shake up y'all mind it's everybody's wake up call time I can't sleep too long while they do the people wrong Let's clean the world up before they sweep then gone This is real talk you can peep through songs So when you feel weak these words will keep you strong And help make a change for the better It's hard for one to do it but we can make some change if we do it together (heyy, yeah) The world will get no better, if we just let it be The world will get no better, we gotta change it yeah, you and me [Jadakiss] Set it off for the plan up here, we gotta stand up here And give thanks to the man upstairs Put the egos and the pride to the side regardless And just be role models, parents, artists And the stress won't take toll if you don't sweat it World won't get no better if we don't let it Let the negative energy ride, keep hope alive It's bout time that we opened out eyes, wake up [Jaheim] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much from what it used to be There's so much hatred, war and poverty [Missy Elliott] Wooooo, yep, we all best to vote I don't care about the guns you tote Listen to me like you listened to Fahrenheit 9/11 Ain't no time for the second guessin' The words I speak, wake up, the ones who sleep Now leave the ships, fix your mouth to teach MC's teach the kids what's peace, they don't have to worry bout the police We make 'em rich so they don't have to thief Every artist here on this track, oh Will make a change here for young cats, oh This is for everybody, white or black You better go and vote and get up off your back Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, take the opportunity Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, your responsibility Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, your voice has to be heard Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, save the world, save the world Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Coko f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Why Do Fools Fall in Love Soundtrack Song: He Be Back Typed by: the520@hotmail.com [Missy Elliot] Uhnh, uhnh, uhnh, ooh, ohh One, two. Ha, ha Coko, uh huh. Coko uh huh Misdemeanor here. One, two. Hit me One, three. Hit me One, four. Hit me Unh, unh, unh, unh, yo (Verse) - [Coko] I woke up this morning, And my man, he wasn't sleeping I called over to his boy's house I told him, "Give me one reason Why he ain't been home since." I told him, "It don't make no sense That I got to try and find him." Now he got his boy lying! (Chorus) They say, "He be back" They say, "He gone to the store" He probably out driving my car, Going to pick up all his whores And I got one thing to say: Why you trying to fake on me? 'Cause I used to have you tamed Now you act like you're untrained (Verse 2) - [Coko] You say you're going to a party I see you at the strip club You standin', looking silly The third time that you done fucked up Now you say that you're back on track Like I'm supposed to believe that? That you're now confinding Now you got your boy lying! (Chorus) (Bridge) - [Coko] I don't know what it is about you That always makes me doubt you It's those bad friends around you? Telling you what you should and not do? I don't know what it is about you That always makes me doubt you It's those bad friends around you? Telling you what you should and not do? (Chorus) [Missy Elliot] Why I gotta call your boy crib? Why I gotta ask what y'all niggas did? Why I gotta sweat you like a wack groupie? See, when I was a star, you was claiming me Maybe 'cause my records ain't selling no more? And I ain't that fly bitch that used to headline tours? But I'ma be for sure, just to even the score Don't call Missy when ya ass go poor Check, check me one time [Missy Elliot] Say what? Coko. Misdemeanor here I know all y'all girls know what I'm Talking about, when y'all call Y'all niggas friend house You know what they say? You know what they say? You know what they say? You know what they say? They say, "He be back." They say, "He gone to the store." He probably out driving my car, Going to pick up all his whores But I got one thing to say: Why you trying to fake on me? 'Cause I used to have you tamed Now you act like you're untrained Check, check me one time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes and Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Why Do Fools Fall in Love soundtrack Song: Get Contact Typed by: threeptking@jps.net [Missy] When I through my uh!! in it I split it Mess around, make you ask who did it Forget your pride go admit My stank butt make you wonder who shitted Whoa there kitty Got a fitty from the city got a minute now I'm chillin (Talk to me now) No time you silly Fakin me like you Milli Vanilli When they play this in the club they go nuts Sweat all night 'till it smell like must So Busta whats to discust? I don't know but boy whats up (Throw it up, throw it up girl) Boy you pretty I got a bitty from the city and my hair looking pretty Oh you didn't No bullshit and you gonna get it [Busta Rhymes] Yo, I'm a get it and give it to all y'all Hopin' you niggas is ready for another free fall Overall niggas need to get up off the wall If they wanna brawl Missy give me a call Yo, not at all everytime I raid the rift Before we bust yo' ass better plead the 5th Shut your mouth you niggas talk to much in my house Me and Missy lets get this money thats what I'm talkin about Then you come nigga wanna be down Shootin' your load I hope you know we got the rebound Real quick break fool know we blow your mind Off the hook nigga fix your telephone line When we come through tell me what you gonna do Give me my money quick so then I can thank you Word is born you knowin' I only get better Everytime supafly dangerous elements get together [Chorus]2x She's Mrs. Supafly He's Mr. Dangerous And if you bust then they gonna bust And one of us gonna have to duck [Missy] When I play this in my jeep you'll see How this beat, rumble under my feet (Under my feet, yeah) Go ahead, you cute If you cute then I get cute too Go ahead Missy I got many so many men I got plenty (What what) I ain't kindin, dance alone why don't you come dance wit me When I bumped this one the left they go deaf Bust yo ear drums until none left (Till none left) Whoa there Busta, they don't like us, they don't love us well fuck em Oh you silly you don't kill me you don't feel me, boy you illin We ain't dealin If no drinks then we ain't chillin [Busta Rhymes] Yo Miss Supafly let me hit me and Missy we gonna get all up in it All in a minute get wit it When I was young gettin' babysitted A nigga blow the spot up make you ask who did it Contact everytime I touch a track Freak out wiggle your funny bone and bounce back yo Nigga see me in the back (Who dat?) You don't know my name I'm knowin motherfucker (True dat) You wack you better improve your shit When I bounce on beats lyrics might abuse your shit Make music so I can lose your mind So hide when I finish make you wanna press for wine Nigga see the DJ cuttin' it up  Bringin' it back rippin' the track you know we fuckin it up Got you suckin it up My nigga chill out, make you ill out And watch all of the Moet spill out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album: Why Do Fools Fall in Love soundtrack Song: What the Dealio Typed by: the520@hotmail.com [Timbaland] I see somebody wrote me a letter today Somebody likes me I see that - that somebody likes me But I don't believe it [Verse One] Baby you're my everything Everything I've ever dreamed You're like a nigga in a magazine You almost make me cream See I can't keep control of myself I wanna feel myself It's the heat running through my veins I scream baby you're the best, you're the best [Chorus: repeat 2X] Oh what the dealio, can I speak to you You give me butterflies, oh I'm so scared of you Of what you do to me, are you too true to be You're just a fantasy, you're not reality [Verse Two] Baby you're my fantasy You're the only one I love I'll let you be my baby's dad Let me come and get a hug See here's a little kiss for you I'll let you do what you want to See look at what you do to me Boy I can't get enough, get enough [Chorus] - repeat [Break] Baby you're the one, the one, the one, the one Baby you're the one Look at what you done, you done, you done, you done Look at what you done, look at what you done to me You've made my world shine just like, like the sun Baby you're the one, the one, the one, the one Baby you're the one, baby you're the one [Total] & (Missy) Oh what the dealio,(oh what the dealio) Can I speak to you, (can I speak to you)  You give me butterflies, (you give me butterflies)  oh I'm so scared of you. (oh im so scared of you) Of what you do to me, (what you do to me?)  are you too true to be, (too good to be true) You're just a fantasy, you're not reality [Timbaland] Somebody, somebody likes me (Repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott f/ 50 Cent Album: Work It 12" Song: Work It (Remix) Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist {*scratching*} DJ please, pick up your phone I'm on the request line {*scratching*} [50 Cent] G U-nit! [Missy] This is a Missy Elliot one time exclusive (Come on) Is it worth it, let me work it I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it  {*"I put my thing down, flip and reverse it" - backwards 2X*} If you got a big [elephant], let me search ya To find out how hard I gotta work ya  {*"I put my thing down, flip and reverse it" - backwards 2X*} [50 Cent] (Missy) (REMIX) Unh Yeah Now Missy she too much for me (I'm freaky) She took me to to the crib man, she told me (eat me) Now my babymama I told her ass not to beat me Her broke ass wanna fight, Missy know how to treat me She sitting on cash, she got money out the ass Gave her them back shots and got money out her ass Now you can see me in the coupe like WHAT Next time I'll hit her in that G5 TRUCK I've got the magicstick, I can go for hours From the bed to the floor, to the sink to the shower With her back to the bed and her legs to the sky I can go hard, know why, big girls don't cry I had visions of Missy with her money by the tub Ching! Ching! Jackpot, I think I'm in love I'm looking for Missy now so I can get my back rubbed This the shit she hollered in my ear before we left the club [Missy] I'd like to get to know ya, so I can show ya Put the pussy on ya, like I told ya Gimme all your numbers so I can phone ya Your girl acting stank than call me ov-ah Not on the bed, lay me on your sofa Call before you come, I need to shave my cho-cha You do or you don't or you will or you won't cha Go downtown and eat it like a vul-cha See my hips and my tips don'tcha See my ass and my lips don'tcha Lost a few pounds in my whiffs for ya This the kinda beat that go wa-ta-ta Ra-ta-ta-ta, ta-ta-ta-ta-ta Sex me so good I say blah-blah-blah Work it! I need a glass of wat-ah Boy oh boy its good to know ya [repeat chorus] [Verse 2] If you're a fly gyal, get your nails done Get a pedicure, get your hair did Boy lift it up, lets make a toast-ah Lets get drunk, its gon bring us clos-ah Don't I look like a Halle Berry post-ah? See dem Belvedere playin tricks on ya Girlfriend wanna be like me nev-ah You won't find a bitch that's even bett-ah I make it hot as Las Vegas weath-ah Listen up close while I take you backwards  {*"Watch the way Missy like to take it backwards" - backwards*} I'm not a prostitute but I can give you whatchu want I love your braids and your mouth full of funk Love the way my ass ba-bump ba-bump bump Keep your eyes on my ba-bump ba-bump bump And think you can handle this ga-donk ga-donk donk Take my thong off and my ass go boom Cut the lights off so you see what I can do [Verse 3] Boys, boys, all type of boys Black, white, Puerto Rican, Chinese boys {??} thanga thang, {??} thanga thang Girls, girls, get that cash If its 9 to 5 or shakin ya ass Ain't no shame ladies, do your thang Just make sure you ahead of tha game Just cause I got a lot of fame sup-ah Prince couldn't get me change my name papa Kunta Kinte, enslave a game, no sir Picture black sayin, "Oh yessuh massa" Picture Lil' Kim dating a pastor Minute man, big men can outlast ya Who is the best? I don't have to ask ya When I come out, you won't even matt-ah Why you act dumb like ughhh, duh So you act dumb like ughhh, duh And the drummer boy go pa-rum pa-pum pum Give ya some some some of this Cinnabon To my fellas, ooooh Good God, I like the way you work that {*scratching*} To my ladies, woo You sure know how to work that, good God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 702 f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Eliott Album: Gotta Leave 12" Song: Gotta Leave (Remix) Typed by: catsfan1@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Meelah] You've got me pullin' out my weave You got me cutting off my hair You've got me so stressed out [I can't think straight like you don't even] Care how you do me like you do Got the nerve to try and rule Me like I'm your child [I hate your style, you too buck wild] 1 - 	Why you do, what you do 	Keep on actin' like a fool 	Treat me bad, treat me cruel 	So I've gotta go 	Why you do, what you do 	Keep on actin' like a fool 	Treat me bad, treat me cruel 	So I've gotta go [Meelah] (Missy) Boy, I done had it up to here So let's get one thing clear Won't you check this out [I'm not your girl, you're not my man] (Understand) If this you don't know Then I will tell you so Get your hands off me [Just let me go and let me be] Repeat 1 [Missy] Izzy izzy izzy Party people move side-to-side Let this joint go on bumpin' ya ride Let the whole world feel it Kick the bass, the low's and high's Tell 'em crank that joint one time, ooh Party people move side-to-side Let this joint go on bumpin' ya ride Let the whole world feel it Kick the bass, the low's and high's Tell 'em crank that joint one time, ooh Repeat 1 [Meelah] Why you do the things you do? Keep on actin' like a fool Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh Why you do the things you do? Keep on actin' like a fool Ooh, ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh [702] (Missy) Why you do, what you do (What you do) Keep on actin', like a fool (Keep on actin' like a fool) Treat me bad, treat me cruel (Treat me bad, ooh) So I've gotta go... (Let me hear ya say) Why you do, what you do (Uh, uh) Keep on actin', like a fool (Uh, uh) Treat me bad, treat me cruel (Uh, so) So I've gotta go... (I've gotta go, uh uh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 702 f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: No Doubt Song: Steelo Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Intro] Ha, yeah, hmmmm, come on, yeah, ha, yeah I'm gonna keep it real How you make me feel Boy you give me chills, baby I'm gonna break it down You just drive me wild Whenever you're around 1 - 	You know how I do 	And you know how I flow 	Can I get your name and number 	Cuz I like your steelo 	And I dig the way you move 	And the way you do your thing 	Baby you can bring it on 	You can swing it this way Boy it's something about you That make me tell my friends But they don't understand, no, no They don't know your style With your high profile The fliest thing in town Repeat 1 2 - 	You stay on my mind 	Think about you all the time 	Got to get to know you well 	If you kiss then I won't tell Repeat 2 Kiss me, oh, hold me I say squeeze me, oh squeeze me, whoa Kiss me, oh, hold me I say squeeze me, whoa, kiss me [Missy] (Ha ha, ha) One two, check it, check it, check it out Follow, follow me, many, many, many miles One two, check it out Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme break you down (Ha, ha, ha)  One two, check it out Follow, follow me, many, many, many miles (Ha, ha, ha)  One two break it down Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme, break you down This track is nasty like pornography Work the mommy I like Joe but he sloppy, dag Poppy got a brand new bag, for real I taking 'Quel O'neil like shaq, shak Ask Michael Jackson who bad He says I am but the queen not drag, dag I'm bad enough to let my pants sag I be in 'Vegas where 702 be at Check it out Repeat 1 Ad lib until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 702 f/ Missy Elliott Album: Steelo Remix 12" Song: Steelo (Remix) Typed by: heeha12@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com 7 7, 7-7-0-2 (ooh ah) 7 7, 7-7-0-2 (ooh, ooh ah) 7 7, 7-7-0-2 (ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh) Boy you're so fine, and there's no doubt When it comes to good taste I know what I'm talking about I dig your style, style, style The way you flow, flow, flow It's like that, I think I like your steelo I know 1 -	I like the way you grove 	I dig the way you flow 	I like the way you move 	I like your steelo I be thinking about you all the time It's twenty-four seven you're on my mind Can I get your name, name, name Give you a call, call, call Boy it's your steelo The drives me off the wall Repeat 1 [Missy] Ha, one two, one two, everybody wanna, wanna, wanna follow me One two, one two, everybody wanna, wanna, wanna follow me One two, one two, everybody wanna, wanna, wanna follow me One two, one two everybody, hee-hee-hee MC's wanna copy me Cause they dig the way I hee-hee-hee They wanna scream when I hee-hee-ha I hit 'em with the hee-hee 702 them fools be a part of our crew One two, come follow me I hit 'em with the hee-hee I hit 'em with the ... Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 702 f/ Brad Dacus, J-Dub, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Get it Together 12" Song: Steelo (J-Dub Mix Edit) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [702]: (J-Dub): Hmmm,(yeah) come on,(you know we had to do a remix) Yeah (J-Dub) I'm gonna keep it real (Dent) How you make me feel Boy you give me chills, baby (Noontime) I'm gonna break it down You just drive me wild (Las Vegas represents) Whenever you're around (702) 1 -  You know how I do   And you know how I flow   Can I get your name and number   Cuz I like your steelo   And I dig the way you move   And the way you do your thing   Baby you can bring it on   You can swing it this way [Brad Dacus]: Babygirl take a trip with me On an exotic fantasy I know your man will be mad If he knew I was the best you ever had On vacation, conversation is cool Let's take a swim in the pool Begin the romance, slow dance You know the circumstances Whisper in your ear Making advances, giving glances Picture this on the canvas Sipping on pina coladas On the beach in the Bahamas Away from all the drama Repeat 1 2 -  You stay on my mind   Think about you all the time   Got to get to know you well   If you kiss then I won't tell Repeat 2 Kiss me, oh, hold me, I say squeeze me, oh squeeze me, whoa Kiss me, oh, hold me, I say squeeze me, whoa, kiss me [Missy]: (Ha ha, ha) One two, uh check it, check it, check it out Follow, follow me, many, many, many miles One two, check it out Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme break it down (Ha, ha, ha) One two, check it out Follow, follow me, many, many, many miles (Ha, ha, ha) One two break it down Lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme, lemme, break it down This track is nasty like pornography Work the mommy I like Joe but he sloppy, dag Poppy got a brand new bag, for real I taking 'Quel O'neil like shaq, shak Ask Michael Jackson who bad He says I am but the queen not drag, dag I'm bad enough to let my pants sag I be in 'Vegas where 702 be at Check it out [Brad Dacus]: At sight it's visual Could it be physical attraction I hear you're diggin' my steelo so come show me some action What'cha gon' do, 702 I guarantee you'll be loving me after I'm through Apparently you know what I'll do Get it, get it, let me hit it you don't stop We won't stop till I'm finished Babygirl it's your world I'll be your friend like those diamonds and pearls [702]: Repeat 1 (w/ J-Dub ad-libs) [J-Dub]: Remix, Noontime J-Dub, Dent, 26-20 crew See we out [702]: Kiss me, oh, hold me,(hold me) I say squeeze me, oh squeeze me, whoa Kiss me, (stop) oh, hold me, I say squeeze me, (hold me yeah) whoa, Kiss me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 702 f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Where My Girls At? 12" Song: Where My Girls At? (Remix) Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Ooh, ooh (ooh ooh) (Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah) Oh ho, ho, oh (yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah, one two, Misdemeanor) Oooh, oooh (yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah) Oooh, oooh (Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, ooh) [Meelah] (Missy) See, he's my property (say what?) And any girl that does I might just call your bluff Cause I don't give a... Who are you to call my cell Oh, I'ma wish you well Cause any girl that tried has failed, no 1 - 	Where my girls at? 	From the front to back 	Well is you feelin' that? 	Well put one hand up 	Can you repeat that? 	Tryin' to take my man 	See I don't need that 	So don't play ya'self 	Where my girls at? 	From the front to back 	Well is you feelin' that? 	Well put one hand up 	Can you repeat that? 	Tryin' to take my man 	See I don't need that [Meelah] (Missy) Hey, hey, hey, hey (Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey) Don't you violate me Cause I'ma make you hate me If you decide to mess with mine Chump (uh huh), you down to size (ooh) Make you realize You don' messed up this time (Where my girls at?) Repeat 1 Hey yeah yeah yeah [Missy] Break down Where my girls at? From the front to back Well is you feelin' that? Well put both hands up Can you repeat that Tryin' to take my man See I don't need that So don't play ya'self Where my girls at? From the front to back Well is you feelin' that? Well put both hands up Can you repeat that Tryin' to take my man See I don't need that See I don't need that (break down) You must learn the rules Don't come close to Anything that belongs to me He is mine My property (so...) So you must leave (hah hah hah) (Where my yeah) Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Missy] Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha Hah hah hah hah hah, ha ha He heh heh heh heh Where my peoples at? Yo, yo, where my people's at? Uh, where my peoples at? Misdemeanor, one time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Timbaland Album: Hot Like Fire/The One I Gave My Heart To (CD Single) Song: Hot Like Fire (Timbaland Remix) Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com [Intro: Timbaland] Uh Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh I'mma make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh Baby Girl, what [Verse 1: Aaliyah (Timbaland)] Your hotter than a summer day, in California You got me meltin' like a sundae, I want ya I know you've been wait, you've been waitin a long time for me (I've been waitin, I've been waitin, I've been waitin, what) But if you wait a little while longer, this is how it'll be Oh, it's gonna be... [Chorus: Aaliyah] Hot...like...fire (I'm gonna take you...) Take...you...higher You...can't...resist (When we...) Kiss..kiss..and kiss and kiss and kiss [Verse 2: Aaliyah] You shouldn't rush it, take our time I'll let you know when I'm ready, if that's alright I won't keep you, I won't keep you, I won't keep you holdin on But if you wait on me, I promise you it wont be long Oh, it's gonna be... Repeat Chorus 2x [Bridge: Timbaland] Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot like fire, baby Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it hot, ha-hot, hot, hot Duh duh duh duh duh-duh-duh-duh We goin make it like fire, fire, fire Uh-huh Repeat Chorus 2x [Missy {Aaliyah}] Hot like fire (Woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) I'mma make it hot like fire (Woo woo!) {Kiss and kiss and kiss} (Repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: If Your Girl Only Knew 12" Song: If Your Girl Only Knew (The New Remix) Typed by: jam3s16@hotmail.com Intro (Missy) Hello, (Brrr), hit me on my car phone x3 Hee Hee Hee Hee Haw, Hit me on my car phone (verse 1) If your girl only knew That you was trying to get with me, (what would she do) If your girl only knew That you was dissin' her to talk to me (chorus) Why you wanna play me, don't play me You can't fade me, don't fade me Tryin' to persuade me, persuade me to get wit' you Why you wanna play me, don't play me You can't fade me, don't fade me Tryin' to persuade me, and if she only knew (verse 2) If your girl only knew That I would want to kick it with you, hey And if your girl could only see How you be calling me, getting fresh with me (chorus) (Missy Rapping) Ooooh, if you a chicken head, ba-ba-ba-baw All up in my grill like ill Cause I wear Nikes and do not wear Brigettes I s---- over in my lex and see you drive by in your chevettes I burn baby, burn, burn. Every time I twist my hips,  I see your boyfriend turn, turn, Is it your concern, to see to not to look boo,  what would she do if she knew (bridge) If your girl only knew (Hit me on my car phone) If your girl only knew (Ooh, hit me on my car phone) If your girl only knew (Hit me on my car phone) If your girl only knew (Ooh, hit me on my car phone) BEAT CHANGES (Missy Rapping) Oooh la, la la, goo goo, gaa gaa Tell ya Mama and ya Papa to chuckle wit laughter Hee hee hee hee hee hee hee hee Beef... you don't wanna tassle wit the master of funk bump Tell 'em what you won't.... Don't touch me Am I quick a little by I... Bump back, hump back jump back, ...Die! Fool!, I - I S-igh, wave byes-byes to ya peoples now Hit you wit this track from the leaders now Me and Tim, and Aaliyah now, We gon' get down like a how...., We gon' get down like a how.... We gon' get down like a how...., We gon' get down like a how.... How you like me now? BEAT CHANGES chorus till fade... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album One in a Million Song: Ladies in Da House Typed by: the520@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Verse 1: (Aaliyah) I'm talking to my ladies, Across the world Are you looking for a pl-pl-playa?  Tell me what's the word To the east side,  I roll to the west side of town I came to represent, and show you how I get down Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Verse 2: (Aaliyah) Talkin' - talkin' to my fa-fa-fellas across the sea I heard ya looking for a cu-cu-cutie so it must be me I came to party there's no doubt Aaliyah's gonna show you how to turn this mother out Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Bridge: (Aaliyah) Bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl ba-bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl Bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl ba-bad girls, talkin' 'bout a bad bad girl Verse 3: [Missy] You damn-damn skip skippy  if the track is like paper I'm guaranteed to rip it  smells good here sniff it  I'm lifted nigga no I ain't all so gifted  I'ma let Tim mix it, hit it hit, hit, hit it  Aaliyah the L-I-Y-A-H  step to me mistakably, phatalicious  make three wishes  track - track dirty like dishes  hi-hi hee-hee-hee hi, hee-hee-hee hi, hi-hi-hi oh my Adlibs: [Timbaland] Huh... breakdown Ha, can ya feel us? All the ladies can ya feel us? All the fellas can ya feel us? All the ladies can ya feel us? Chorus: [Timbaland and Aaliyah] If my ladies in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) If my fellas in the house tonight  Let me here you say-e-ay (hey-e-ay) --repeat 1X-- Adlibs: [Timbaland] Aaliyah and Blackground We doin' our thang...just for y'all Timothy signin' out... (fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaliyah f/ Ginuwine, Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album: Sprung Soundtrack Song: One in a Million (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) (hmm, what, uh) love me babe (remix, uh) Mmm, love me babe (uh, what, aha) Mmm (what we got here), love me babe (what) Mmm, love me babe (baby girl) 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Boy you don't know what you do to me (what, uh) Between me and you I feel a chemistry (say what) I won't let no one come and take your place (what, ah) Cos the love you give can't be replaced (what, sing it, uh) 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Your love is a one in a million (uh) It goes on and on and on (sing it, sing it, sing it) Your love is a one in a million (ah) All day long (baby girl, sing it) 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Turn me inside out you make my heart beat (what, uh) I need no one else, you're all I need (ah, ah) Personality in everything you do (say what) Makes me love everything bout you 	[Aaliyah] (Timbaland) Your love is a one in a million (what, ah, what) It goes on and on and on, ohh baby Your love is a one in a million, yes (say what) All day long, ooh (ah) 	[Missy] (Timbaland) Aha, aha (say what), love you baby Aha, aha (what), aha, aha Love me baby, aha, uh Come on and rock it baby (why don't you slide it, slide it) Aha, aha (one in a million, just divide it, vide it) L-l-love you baby (you take it out, and I take it out) Uh (Aaliyah, Ginuwine, what) 	[A - Aaliyah / G - Ginuwine] (Timbaland) A - I'll give you anything you want (what) G - Anything you want Aaliyah A - Baby will you promise me (what) A - I'll give you anything you need (uh, Ginuwine) G - Anything you need baby (baby girl) A - Boy I fulfil your fantasies yes I do (what) A - I'll give you anything you want (ah, Ginuwine) G - I'll give my all to you (baby girl) A - Your everything, ooh (what) A - I'll give you anything you need (uh, Ginuwine) G - Anything you want baby A - I said I want you (what) G - Do you need me Aaliyah A - Baby I need you 	[Aaliyah) Your love is a one in a million It goes on and on and on Your love is a one in a million All day long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce Knowles f/ Missy Elliott Album: Crazy in Love (CD-S Import) Song: Crazy in Love (Rockwilder Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] Come on, yep, yep It's a bit up beat here That Beyonce and Jigga nigga This is Missy, the one and only Come on [Beyonce] Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no [Missy] I got 'em so crazy right now *slurping* put it in your mouth I'm a ?, I'm a ? dancer I like the pony but I'm pulling my pants up (yeah) Give me my money like a Rolex dancer (oh) I fuck you once I'm a have to aband ya I'm the type of chick, I'm a make a demand ya Don't call me ? I'm a fucking commander I got a beat make ya throwing ya hands up And yep I got that from Beyonce and Jigga, oh Oh, and you can say I'm bananas, ah Cos I'm loved by your poppas and grandmas (yeah, uh oh, uh oh) I'm headlining the banner Motherfuckers in the club, stand up (yeah) [Missy] I got 'em so crazy right now Crazy right now, make ya go down south I love when you make the slurp sounds *slurping* put it in your mouth Yep I got 'em so crazy right now Break my bed down like bam, bam, bam Bone it so crazy, we bone it so crazy I love you cos you know how to fuck, come on, whoo [Beyonce] (Missy) Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no (ah) Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no (yep, yep) Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, oh no no (I'm loving this shit here, come on) [Missy] Throw my legs back, pull my wings back Ooh, uh, I don't even feel that (oh) I got a cat trap larger than a napsack I like to piggy back on six with a ? (whoo) I take a cat nap, yet I bounce right back Like right back, yeah cos he like that (ah) Now hit the road Jack, you get the ? And ya knows that, tell me where the smokes at (here we go) [Missy] I got 'em so crazy right now Crazy right now, make ya go down south, aha I love when you make the slurp sounds *slurping* put it in your mouth, ok Yep I got 'em so crazy right now, yeah Break my bed down like bam, bam, bam, whoo Bone it so crazy, we bone it so crazy I love you cos you know how to fuck, come on [Missy] If your man got a magic stick, what you say Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh (yeah) If your man put it down in the bed, don't play (whoo) Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh (come on) If you know a chick that like to bone all day Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh (yeah, come on) We gon' do it like this motherfuckers, ah, huh Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh, yeah [Missy] (Beyonce) I got 'em so (crazy right now you're) Crazy right now I love when you make the slurp sounds *slurping* put it in your mouth, ok Yep I got 'em so (crazy right now you) Break my bed down like bam, bam, bam (Lookin' so crazy in love) (Got me lookin') cos you know how to fuck, come on [Missy] Yeah, this is Missy Misdemeanor Elliott For all your DJ's, whether you're underground Over town, middle town, we gonna bang this shit out like this You feel me, ok, ok, ok, well look Check this out I'm a leave you on that note, where you at Beyonce [Beyonce] Got me looking so crazy right now, your love's Your love's got me looking so crazy right now (in love) Got me looking so crazy right now Your touch got me looking so crazy right now (your touch) Got me hoping you'll page me right now Your kiss got me hoping you'll save me right now Looking so crazy in love got me looking, got me looking so crazy in love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce Knowles f/ Missy Elliott Album: Dangerously In Love Song: Signs Typed by: baby_gurl9516@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist In December every sign has it's own mode I was in love with a Sagittarius See the emotions he put me through From Capricorns to Aquarius They all got their different minds The affection of a Virgo Which sign matches good with mine I was in love with a Sagittarius, he blew my mind He also had a flip side too much like a Gemini He was freaky like a Taurus, the way he handled me yeah Flirtatious like an Aries Which sign is best for me? Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius I love all y'all Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius I love all y'all I wish he was a Virgo, the same sign as me And know how to show me love, cause I've been hurt by a Pisces REWIND I wish he was a Virgo, the same sign as me And know how to show me love, cause I've been hurt by a Pisces I want him sexy like a Scorpio The way he holds me close yeah Sensitive as a Cancer Every sign from coast to coast Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius I love all y'all Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius I love all y'all I can't explain why I love him Bossy like Leo's do Got game like an Aquarius Switch moves after he's been with you Fun like a Libra He stays on my mind He's so unpredictable He reminds me of every sign Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius I love all y'all Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Leo Virgo Libra Scorpio Sagittarius I love all y'all Every sign from the first to the last Everyday of the month has its good and its bad I love you all, all12 signs Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Capricorn Aquarius Pisces Aries Taurus Gemini Cancer oh! Every one of these signs you know you blowing me away No matter when you're born for sure with me you okay I love every one of y'all no matter what sign you are January to December here's my open arms I was in love with a Sagittarius [repeat out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blaque f/ Missy Elliott Album: Ugly (Single) Song: Ugly Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] You sho' is ugly, ugly Aaaah, you ugly [Blaque] (Missy) Hey boy, I don't mean to be rude But the way you coming on made me catch an attitude You wanna know what the deal, but what's up with your grill Cause you ugly so please stop talking junk in my ear (come on) [Blaque] (Missy) Turn the lights off, turn the lights off (ah) Yeah you ugly but whoo there's some hoes in here (ah) Turn the lights off (oh), turn the lights off (whoo) Boy you ugly so whoo won't you disappear [Blaque] (Missy) Sorry to hurt your feelings Cause boy you think you are so appealing You keep stepping to me but we will never be Cause you ugly so there will be no conversating (come on) [Blaque] (Missy) Turn the lights off, turn the lights off (ah) Yeah you ugly but whoo there's some hoes in here (ah) Turn the lights off (oh), turn the lights off (whoo) Boy you ugly so whoo won't you disappear [Blaque] When the lights off, boy you look real good Wanna give you my number but something tells me don't do it When the lights come on and I see your face up close [Missy] Damn you ugly as hell and on top of that you broke as a joke [Blaque] How dare you walk up here on me like you super fine As long as it's dark in here you know every chick is mine Ain't no way you gon' take me home (so ugly) [Missy] Aah, you ugly Boy what that hit your face It must have been a can of mace I ain't got nothing to say Just two words out there, Oil of Olay Boy just give me some space Ugly is not a very good case, ah That outfit is just a waste, come on Cause it ain't doing jack for your face, come on That's why girls running away Like roaches when they hit Raid, ah It might be foul to say But it's foul for you to look that way, aha And I don't want your chedder, ah I don't care what you say, whatever Cause me and you will never be, come on Damn, you so ugly [Missy] You sho' is ugly, ugly Aaaah, you ugly [Natina] Natina on the mic I'm match ugly, wanna spit first nights Boy, you make me wanna read in Braille So I can't even vision gettin' love as your gift Here baby, let's politic Did your mamma let you out like this, hell I know you wanna do me baby Yeah but I'm kinda into cuties lately Matter of fact homeboy, let me hook you up Here's two bucks, go on and get your fade hitched up And don't mistake my statement for a clown We can keep it on the down low Long as you know, man, you ugly, oh, whoo [Blaque] Turn the lights off, turn the lights off Yeah you ugly but whoo there's some hoes in here Turn the lights off turn the lights off Boy you ugly so whoo won't you disappear [Missy] You ugly, oh, whoo, damn you so ugly The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Missy Elliott Album: No More Drama Song: Never Been Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com 	[Missy Elliott] I never been baby 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) I never been touched like this (uh) I never been (I never been) I never been kissed like this (uh) I never been (see I never never knew) I never knew it felt like this (uh) I never knew (and I never knew, uh) I never knew a love like this (uh, mm) 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) Pardon me (uh) Excuse me (uh) Forgive me (uh) I can't help it But I see (uh) The energy (uh) Between you and me And I'm selfish (selfish) Don't want no (uh) Other girls (uh) Calling you Never ever (uh) Cos I want (uh) Us to stay (uh) Together Forever See I never been 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) I never been touched like this, no no I never been (uh) I never been kissed like this, never I never been, ohh (uh) I never knew it felt like this (uh) I never knew, I never knew I never knew a love like this (oh) 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) Believe me (uh) When I say (uh) There's no one (uh) I mean none (none) That could do (uh) The things you do (uh) The things you did And you done (uh) And I believe (I believe) That I can feel (I can feel) This way For a reason (uh) And all the ways You make me feel Boy you keep me breathing I never knew 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) I never been touched like this (I never knew) I never been, never been touched (uh) I never been kissed like this (uh) I never been (uh) I never knew it felt like this (uh) I never knew, never knew I never knew a love like this, whoa (oh) 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) (What you got) hey What you got them others don't Cos you're the one I want (You're the only one I love) (You're the only one I want baby, uh) You make me hot (uh), them others don't Cos baby you're the one I love (Uh, see you're the only one I love) (And all that I think of, uh uh) What you got (what you got) Them others don't (uh) cos you're the one I want They don't have it baby (uh) they can't satisfy me (uh, baby) You make me hot (uh) them others don't (uh) Cos baby you're the one I love (uh) What you got, I want it all night long (See I never never been baby) 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) I never been touched like this, never (uh) I never been, never knew (and I never been) I never been kissed like this (uh) I never been (see I never never knew) I never knew it felt like this, never knew it felt so good (uh) I never knew, never (uh, uh) I never knew a love like this, ohh (yo, oh) 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) (I never been touched like this) (I never been) Never knew it felt so good (I never been kissed like this) (I never been) True love for the very first time (I never knew it felt like this) I knew that it would come I knew it just because, because of you (I never knew, I never knew a love like this till I got you baby) 	[Mary J. Blige] (Missy Elliott) Mmhm (uh, oh) Mmhm (baby, uh-uh) Mmhmhm, oohh (uh, oh, and a one, two, three) Ohhh.... (baby) I never knew, you make me hot (uh) Them others don't Baby I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tamar Braxton f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Ridiculous Song: No Disrespect Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Missy] Ay yo, see I'm your next girl Not your ex-girl boo, uh Don't get it twisted Don't never disrespect me [Tamar](Missy) Oh, oh, yeah, yeah Oh, oh, oh, oh yeah (Uh, uh, uh) Don't, don't you ever compare me To none of those hoes you used to mess with (Say what?) Cause those are some low down dirty tricks And now you be working with some new shit I'll be the mother of your baby If you bring me down I can handle it (Uh-huh) Cause I'm not like those other ladies (Uh) None of them hoes you be fucking with 1 – [Tamar]  I'm not your hoe  I'm not your freak  I'm not your trick  But I'm naturally beautiful  High quality  I'm tired of you disrespecting me Repeat 1 [Tamar](Missy) (One-two) Don't, don't you ever dare treat me Like them chickens you be playing with (Uh-huh) Cause I am more than a lady And those the type of chicks who be dirty shit They look at you lying and persuading You play innocent believe it (Uh-huh) Cause I'm not like those other ladies (Say, say what?) None of the chicks you be fucking with (Uh) Repeat 1 (2x) [Missy] There will be no disrespecting me, me There will be no disrespecting me, me Repeat 1 (4x) 2 – [Missy]  I'm not your hoe  I'm not your freak  I'm not your trick  But I'm naturally beautiful  High quality  I'm tired of you disrespecting me Repeat 2 [Missy] Uh, one-two-three Triple zero, alright, uh Uh I'm not your The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Big Bang Song: How We Do it Over Here Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Missy] Bus-a-Bus baby-baby! Nooowww... [Hook: Missy Elliott] Pop yo' collars like this Bottles up like this Side to side like this Holla if ya like this [Chorus One: Missy Elliott] See the ass? Touch me right there Wanna touch my nookie baby? Touch me right there Make me lose my mind baby? Touch me right there Party over here, ain't shit over there! [Busta Rhymes] See how I'm drillin 'em baby? It's Bus-a-Bus back bitch, I'm killin 'em crazy We off the Relaxic, I'm spillin the gravy Got every club packed thick, creating a frenzy To be the latest greatest for all you niggaz from gazing Bugatti off white tan, interior pastry See my swagger sharp like that, these niggaz amaze me As a matter a fact just salute me and praise me Enough of that [Missy Elliott] We be up in the club, niggaz sportin them minks Tipsy in the club, nigga buyin 'em drinks Walk around lookin like our shit don't stink Ice by my neck so bright, watch 'em blink [Busta Rhymes] Okay, now I got me a clear view I like it when you get up and I'm lovin ya hairdo The way you cross ya legs, ass spread in the chair you The way ya clothes skimpy, so it's easy to tear through Appreciate my presence, while I shine wit' a barrel I came up wit' cut diamonds, obscure in a rare blue Shorty ain't checkin for you, step to the way I do Super senile, I ain't the one to compare to Now she was sayin... [Chorus Two: Missy Elliott] See the ass? Touch me right there Wanna touch my nookie baby? Touch me right there Is that Dr. Dre baby? Touch me right there Party over here, ain't shit over there! [Hook] [Busta] What you sayin Missy!? [repeat Hook] [Break] [Busta] We got some shit for that ass [Missy] Come on give it to me [Busta] We got some shit for that ass [Missy] Come on give it to me [Busta] We got some shit for that ass [Missy] Come on give it to me [Busta] We got some shit for that ass girl [Busta Rhymes] Bounce back, brand new on the scene what? Took a little minute, I'm back with the re-up Switched it up a little bit, back with a clean cut Shorty's lost her head, see all the koochies I cream up I love the way she in all over the girls when I'm teaming up It's gettin hotter in this bitch, windows are steaming up Amazed by the pinky, neck, and wrist be gleaming up How I dominate the scene, how a nigga be cleaning up I see you liking everything, you see me and you You frowning on your girl, like you ain't willing to share boo The hotel ain’t far, meet me there and if you Ya girl looking like she wit' it, she can come/cum get it too You get impatient Ma, show you just how the kid move I'm bangin in the truck, and let her watch in the rearview See we don't really care about the niggaz who came through over there 'cause over here, see I'ma show ya how we do So check it baby... [Chorus One] [Busta Rhymes] + Missy See it don't matter what ya doin over there See we gets it poppin, that's how we do it over here That's if we toss bottles, that's how we do it over here Check it, floss models, that's how we do it over here Listen, rare throttles, that's how we do it over here Check it, ice collars, that's how we do it over here nigga See it don't matter what ya doin over there See we gets it poppin, that's how we do it over here (over here) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Mary J. Blige, Missy Elliott, Rah Digga Album: Touch It (Remix Part Two) 12" Song: Touch It (Remix Part Two) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 2X [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Swizzy I told these niggaz I was comin back to bust they ass!!! Ok! Remix! Part Two! [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] See now you who the God be, back runnin the city and you know who the squad be Flipmode bitch look see ain't nothin changed Now I'm back with the remix with the Queens of the game (TURN IT UP!!) WHEN YOU SEE ME IN THE SPOT YOU NIGGAS BETTER RESPECT IT Y'ALL ALREADY KNOW WHERE I REP AIN'T NO REASON TO CHECK IT AND I KNOW THAT YOU AIN'T FUCKIN WITH ME JUST FOR THE RECORD SO INSTEAD I'M A LET, MARY J. BLIGE COME AND SET IT [Verse 2: Mary J. Blige] (Busta Rhymes) (Now get low Mary!) Maybe you can guess who it is (Uh huh) Mary J. Blige about to handle my biz (Uh huh) I'm on my grown woman still I rep for the kids In every hood, and all my peoples doin a bid (TURN IT UP!!) NOW YOU KNOW WHO'S REALLY THE QUEEN DELIVER THE MAIL SEVEN HUNDRED THIRTY THOUSAND FIRST WEEK OF MY SALES THE HATERS PLOT AND THEY WATCH LOOKIN ALL PALE WHILE I'M ON A YACHT, OVERSEAS DOIN MY NAILS (Get low Mary!) Well let me show you how we do (Ha!) I gotta thank everyone for coppin The Breakthrough (Uh huh) Bus did take one the remix is take two You love the way we reinventin how we just stay new (TURN IT UP!!) HOW WE SELLIN OUT THE STADIUMS, ARENAS AND ALL (Ha!!!) ONLY LOUIS AND GUCCI WE DON'T SHOP AT THE MALL (Huh!) GOT YOU PARTYIN AND DANCIN AND HAVIN A BALL AND YOUR LOVIN THE WAY WE REPPIN HOW WE DO IT FOR Y'ALL GO 'HEAD AND "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X [Verse 3: Rah Digga] (Busta Rhymes) (* Star symbols are for Rah Digga's adlibs) (Get low Digga!) See me rollin up in your hood (*Uh huh) These jokers screamin damn Rah still be lookin good (*Yeah) They do they little mack he askin me who I tapped Ain't none of your concern you a G make it hap (TURN IT UP!!) WHEN I GIVE A NIGGA SOME PLAY HE LOSIN HIS BRAIN (Uh) ASKIN ME A BUNCH OF QUESTIONS ACTIN LIKE HE MY MAN WANNA STRESS A BITCH OUT TELLIN ME I DID CHANGE THEY SAYIN DAMN MY BAD IF YOU FELL FOR THE GAME (Get low Digga!) Now he sittin there lookin stuck (Ha!) He thinkin cause he spent a little dough I'm 'gon fuck If money ain't a thang I'm sayin let a bitch know Type to empty a account, how far you willin to go (TURN IT UP!!) NOW HE HOPIN ON THE JET HE AIN'T WASTIN NO TIME TOLD ME ALL EXPENSE PAID ANYPLACE I COULD FIND HIT THE ISLANDS IN THE WINTER TRICKIN ALL ON HIS DIME AIN'T A SHORTY IN THE WORLD PUSSY BETTER THAN MINE, THEY WANNA "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 3X [Verse 4: Missy Elliott (Busta Rhymes) *Star symbol are for Missy Elliott's ad libs)) Bus this is serious man!!!!!!!! (Get low Missy!) I'm jinglin baby, go 'head mami, don't I look charmin put your lips up on me (*Woo!!!) Kiss it touch it, good, yes I wish you would (TURN IT UP!!) YOU LIKE TO SEE ME WHEN I DIP BABY DIP (Ha1) DON'T IT LOOK LIKE I GOT BEYONCE'S HIPS LOOKIN LIKE I COULD BE NIA LONG BOY YOU SMOKIN THAT CHEECH AND CHONG (Get low Missy!) Have you ever seen thickness in a thong (*Come on!) You can hit it like a game of ping pong If you give me two shots of it strong Nigga bring it on I might let you take me home (TURN IT UP!!) NOW BUSTA BUS (*BUS!!) MISDEMEANOR IN HERE THIS YEAR BE CLEAR Y'ALL BE BEWARE FAKE MC'S Y'ALL CAN'T COME NEAR I'M TOXIC BABY LIKE I'M BRITNEY SPEARS "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X [Outro: Busta Rhymes] See I ain't even gotta talk to y'all!!! I let the Queens of the game get at y'all!! Se y'all ain't even in my league!!! Flipmode bitch!!!! "Touch it- bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 6X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ DMX, Lloyd Banks, Mary J. Blige, Missy Elliott, Papoose, Rah Digga Album: Touch It (Remix Part 4) [Extended Video Remix] 12" Song: Touch It (Remix Part 4) [Extended Video Remix] Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, dynamite9383@yahoo.com  "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 2X [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Swizzy, I told these niggaz I was comin back to bust they ass!!! Ok! Remix! Part Two! [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] Get low Bus! See now you who the God be, back runnin the city and you know who the squad be Flipmode bitch look see ain't nothin changed Now I'm back with the remix with the Queens of the game (TURN IT UP!!) WHEN YOU SEE ME IN THE SPOT YOU NIGGAS BETTER RESPECT IT Y'ALL ALREADY KNOW WHERE I REP AIN'T NO REASON TO CHECK IT AND I KNOW THAT YOU AIN'T FUCKIN WITH ME JUST FOR THE RECORD SO INSTEAD I'M A LET, MARY J. BLIGE COME AND SET IT [Verse 2: Mary J. Blige] (Busta Rhymes) (Now get low Mary!) Maybe you can guess who it is (Uh huh) Mary J. Blige about to handle my biz (Uh huh) I'm on my grown woman still I rep for the kids In every hood, and all my peoples doin a bid (TURN IT UP!!) NOW YOU KNOW WHO'S REALLY THE QUEEN DELIVER THE MAIL SEVEN HUNDRED THIRTY THOUSAND FIRST WEEK OF MY SALES THE HATERS PLOT AND THEY WATCH LOOKIN ALL PALE WHILE I'M ON A YACHT, OVERSEAS DOIN MY NAILS [Verse 3: Rah Digga] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low Digga!) Now he sittin there lookin stuck (Ha!) He thinkin cause he spent a little dough I'm 'gon fuck If money ain't a thang I'm sayin let a bitch know Type to empty a account, how far you willin to go (TURN IT UP!!) NOW HE HOPIN ON THE JET HE AIN'T WASTIN NO TIME TOLD ME ALL EXPENSE PAID ANYPLACE I COULD FIND HIT THE ISLANDS IN THE WINTER TRICKIN ALL ON HIS DIME AIN'T A SHORTY IN THE WORLD PUSSY BETTER THAN MINE, THEY WANNA "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 3X [Verse 4: Missy Elliott (Busta Rhymes) Bus this is serious man!!!!!!!! (Get low Missy!) I'm jinglin baby, go 'head mami, don't I look charmin put your lips up on me (*Woo!!!) Kiss it touch it, good, yes I wish you would (TURN IT UP!!) YOU LIKE TO SEE ME WHEN I DIP BABY DIP (Ha!) DON'T IT LOOK LIKE I GOT BEYONCE'S HIPS LOOKIN LIKE I COULD BE LIKE NIA LONG BOY YOU SMOKIN THAT CHEECH AND CHONG [Verse 5: Lloyd Banks] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low Banks!) I know it feels like I been gone for a minute But I'm back chinchilla Ice on with a fitted Everybody talk money everybody gonna run with that bowl of bread smaller than the arm of a midget (TURN IT UP!!) AND YOU KNOW I'M DOIN MY THING IT'S BLUE IN THE RING IF YOU HAD IT LIKE THIS YOU PROBABLY DO IT THE SAME BUT YOU WON'T CAUSE YOU BROKE ALL YOU DO IS COMPLAIN AFTER THE CLUB, I'M A PUT A FEW IN THE RANGE AND LET 'EM "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X [Verse 6: Papoose] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low Papoose!) Five boroughs of death, you don't understand I got New York City in the palm of my hand Now I could make a tight fist and let it crumble ridiculous Or I could smack the world with a New York Nemesis (TURN IT UP!!) I GOT STATEN ISLAND ON MY PINKY QUEENS ON MY DUMB DUDE THE BRONX ON MY MIDDLE FINGER SCREAMIN FUCK YOU ROCK ICE IN MANHATTAN SO THERE'S THE RING FINGER YOU KNOW I HAD TO KEEP BROOKLYN ON THE TRIGGER FINGER [Verse 7: DMX] (Busta Rhymes) (Get low X!) Swizz is the monster, X is the beast Fuckin with Bus, everyday is a feast Stay off the streets, I'm tired of talkin to y'all niggaz I'm a stick a fork in y'all niggaz (TURN IT UP!!) WHEN I HIT 'EM MAN THAT TRUCK COME GET 'EM MAN!!! FUCKED UP HOW I DID 'EM MAN (*WHAT!!!) AIN'T NO REMORSE FOR THE CORPSE, TRUTH IS CAN'T I.D. THE BODY, NIGGA TOOTHLESS "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X [Verse 8: Busta Rhymes) (Get low Bus!) You see me you love me the streets declare me God of the hood You niggaz is watchin and wishin you could Be claimin the throne the way I got it lock it mu'fuckers What's good you tryin to stop it I'm wishin you would (TURN IT UP!!) CAUSE THEM I'M GLAD TO HIT YOU WITH THE FACT THAT THE GOD IS IMMORTAL AS SPIT THE WAY I BE DOIN HISTORICAL SHIT INCASE YOU AND YOUR NIGGAS ACT LIKE YOU AINT KNOW WHEN I'M INFORMIN YOUR CLICK I TAKE YOUR BITCH WHILE I'M PERFOMIN MY SHIT "Touch it - bring it - babe - watch it -  Turn it - leave it - stop - format it" -> repeat 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Da Brat, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Heartbreaker 12" Song: Heartbreaker (Missy Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Mariah] Oh [DJ Clue] (Mariah) Blazing Hip-Hop and R&B DJ Clue Desert Storm (Yeah) New Mariah Often imitated, never duplicated (Honey) (They can't do it like this) WCLUE (Just play the record, Clue) Whoooooooeee! [Da Brat] Guess who's back in the mutherfuckin' house With two big tiggle bitties for your mouth Heartbreakers must partake in the sensation So So Def and Clue, hits in the making [Missy] Oh, guess who's driving the five double O Like Yipi-Yi Yipi-Yo, yeah When I talk smack y'all better skip back Like here we go, cause the bitch don't play [Mariah] Oh your love's so good I don't wanna let go And although I should I can't leave you alone Cause you're so disarming I'm caught up in the midst of you And I can not resist at all 1-	[Mariah]   Boy if I do   The things you want me to   The way I used to do   Would you love me baby?   Or leaving me feeling used   Would you go and break my heart? 2-	[Mariah] 	Heartbreaker you've got the best of me 	But I just keep coming back incessantly   Oh, why did you have to run your game on me?   I should of known right from the start   You'd go and break my heart 3-	I need someone to give me some real love 	I need someone to give me some real love 	I need someone to give me some real love 	I need someone to give me some real love [Mariah] Why, when I met you that night, baby I didn't know it wouldn't last I gave my love till you hurt me Which I've been taking over See I have never met a guy And I was withdrawn into the lies (Should've know you'd break my heart) [Da Brat] Come on, yeah, yeah Uh, uh, come on, yeah, yeah Uh, yeah, yeah, uh Come on Well if the Brat gave a fuck about a nigga My heart would be broke Should've know you were star struck When I left your stroke My guards was up in the beginning But then I gave you my heart and you broke it again I'm a fool when you smile at me I'm convinced I gets caught up in you and I just can't resist I know you lie to me, it just drive me nuts That one kiss could persuade me to believe your bluffs You set it up and impressed me with pimps and rings I wish love was dollars cuz, shit, Money Ain't a Thang Cause Clueminati and MC move the party I got a heater ready to blaze somebody It's that dummy you, it's that for each member of my crew In fact, I'mma heartbreak you Lay you flat on your back You really don't know So I'd advise you not to trust me yo [Missy] Yo, yo Baby (Uh huh) I'm the real thing (One, two) So why you got me sweating you consistently, baby (One, two) Baby, I got that good thing (Uh) So while you're making love to me you crazy baby (Oh!) [Missy] I like the way he used to spank me He used to lie me on my back take that! (Uh) He used to have me in the sack, legs back But now he been buggin' lately Hey boy why you actin' stinky? (Uh huh) I keep ya stiff like wood, baby (Baby) So if you wanna keep a good lady You need to stop with all the heartbreaking Repeat 2 Repeat 2 & 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ciara f/ Missy Elliott Album: Goodies Song: 1, 2 Step Typed by: LyLShOrTyTiAxo@aol.com [Jazze Pha] Ladies and Gentlemen this is a Jazze Phizzle Productshizzle "Missy" The princess is here "Ciara" [verse 1] This beat is automatic, supersonic, hypnotic, funky fresh Work my body, so melodic, this beat rolls through my chest everbody, ma, and papi, came to party grab somebody, work ya body, work ya body let me see you 1, 2 step Rock it, don't stop it Everybody get on the floor Crank the party up We about to get it on Let me see you 1, 2 step I love it when you 1, 2 step Everybody 1, 2 step We about to get it on [Verse 2] This beat is Outrageous, so contagious, make you crave it Jazze made it So retarded, top charted, ever since the day I started Strut my stuff and yes I flaunt it Goodies make the boys jump on it No I can't control myself Now let me do my 1, 2 step We gon drop it like this [Hook - 2X] It don't matter to me, we can dance slow Whichever way the beat drops our bodies will flow So swing it over here Mr. DJ And we will, we will rock you [Missy] I shake it like Jello, make the boys say hello Cause they know I'm rockin the beat I know you heard about alot of MC's But they ain't got nothing on me Beacuse I'm 5 foot 2, I wanna dance with you And I'm sophisticated fun, I eat filet mignon I'm nice and young, best believe I'm number one This is for the hearing impared A Jazze Pha Production The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Lil' Kim, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Just Like You Song: Let it Go Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ scratches] [Keyshia Cole - Intro] You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Missy Elliott] YO KEYSHIA! YES!! (Whoo!) Fire.. (uh-huh) I like this one right here This one for all my ladies y'all Holla! Uhhhhhhh-huh Let's go! I don't want'cho maaaaan, 'cause I got it like that But it ain't even gotta be like dat, eh-heh-heh-heh-heh Yo' man he be callin me back He say I'm fine and a matter of fact - heh-heh-heh-heh He ask how I do that that fit my jeans over Baby Phat Listen, I don't know the type of tricks he playin But I should warn you, I don't want yo' man (c'mon) [Keyshia Cole - Verse One] I understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie I can't explain how many times I tried How many times I cried thinkin about mine and where he might be (Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know) Remember when I gave everything I've got Couldn't get deep down inside How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon) But now I get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he''s at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee [Chorus 2X] If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it goooo If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it goooo [Missy Elliott] When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Keyshia Cole - Verse Two] Now understand why I take my time cause you come with alibis Tryna get me to see that's where you tryna be But I don't want your man! Your man's been callin me, tryna get me to see that he wants me to be with him but he ain't the one for meeeee But if you only knew (only kneeeeew) You would, do what you had to Finally see that (finally get the chance to see that...) You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh Here's a little lesson, Lil' Kim don't stress 'em Kick 'em all straight to the curb like Beckham Broke wit my ex, he with her for now but little do she know, she's just a rebound (HEEY!) Callin my phone, she's so outta pocket I been there before ol' girl, you need to stop it When he's with you, he's wishin it was me You might be where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be Baby, BAY-BAY! [Missy Elliott] HANDS UP IN THE AIR!! When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (that's right) Me, Kim, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Missy Elliott - Outro as music fades] YES... FIRE, BABY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Lil' Kim, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Let It Go 12" Song: Let it Go (Original Version) * Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * - In this version, Lil Kim's verse is extended [DJ scratches] [Keyshia Cole - Intro] You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Missy Elliott] YO KEYSHIA! YES!! (Whoo!) Fire.. (uh-huh) I like this one right here This one for all my ladies y'all Holla! Uhhhhhhh-huh Let's go! I don't want'cho maaaaan, 'cause I got it like that But it ain't even gotta be like dat, eh-heh-heh-heh-heh Yo' man he be callin me back He say I'm fine and a matter of fact - heh-heh-heh-heh He ask how I do that that fit my jeans over Baby Phat Listen, I don't know the type of tricks he playin But I should warn you, I don't want yo' man (c'mon) [Keyshia Cole - Verse One] I understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie I can't explain how many times I tried How many times I cried thinkin about mine and where he might be (Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know) Remember when I gave everything I've got Couldn't get deep down inside How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon) But now I get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee [Chorus 2X] If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it goooo If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it goooo [Missy Elliott] When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Keyshia Cole - Verse Two] Now understand why I take my time cause you come with alibis Tryna get me to see that's where you tryna be But I don't want your man! Your man's been callin me, tryna get me to see that he wants me to be with him but he ain't the one for meeeee But if you only knew (only kneeeeew) You would, do what you had to Finally see that (finally get the chance to see that...) You need to get if he don't wanna LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh Here's a little lesson, Lil' Kim don't stress 'em Kick 'em all straight to the curb like Beckham Broke wit my ex, he with her for now but little do she know, she's just a rebound (HEEY!) Callin my phone, she's so outta pocket I been there before ol' girl, you need to stop it Trickin on me when he tell you he ain't got it You don't get the picture? My picture's in his wallet (WOO!) Never ever thought I would leave him alone But I let a dog roam, now he wanna come home But I, don't trust him, though I still love him No longer want him, lookin at his cousin Kinda buzzin, loose off the Goose Got him on the chase like cranberry juice When he's with you, he's wishin it was me You might be where he's at, but I'm where he wanna be - baby, BAY-BAY! [Keyshia Cole] LOVE YOU! HEY! - Let it gooooooo... Let it goooooo-hoooo, let it goooooo-hooooo (Leeeeet it goooo...) OH.. (Let it go, let it go, let it go) It's where you wanna be.. (Let it go, let it go, let it go) [Missy Elliott] HANDS UP IN THE AIR!! When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (that's right) Me, Kim, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot [Missy Elliott - Outro as music fades] YES... FIRE, BABY! Kim, Keyshia, and Missy... Don't get no hotter than that...ha! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Missy Elliott, T.I., Young Dro Album: Just Like You Song: Let it Go (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [DJ scratches] [Keyshia Cole - Intro] (T.I.) You need to get if he don't wanna (Ey, ey, Keyshia Cole) LOVE you the right way, he ain't gonna (ey, ey, Grand Hustle) It ain't where he's at, it's where he.. (Ey, ey, ey, ey) WHERE HE WANNA BEEE, YEAH-HEAA (Ey, ey..) [T.I. overlaps] (Young Dro) What's happenin, shawty? You know me! It's THE KING! (It's Young Dro) Aight now (I'ma show you how we be) REMIX!! [Young Dro] Face it, I'm messin around with lil' shawty She be at the mall, bustin it down wit lil' shawty (Ay, what yo do?) I took her out the Cabo and shot that Balenciaga (damn!) I show 'em how that Vu' tatin look up in the Gallardo Why doe? My girl, she ain't makin me feel right (okay) I mess around with shawty, she be makin me feel like (yes) I could have somethin so we bond and let it go But afterwhile, you gon' have to go on and let it go [Keyshia Cole - Verse One] I understand why you wanna try to make him stay home late at night But if he wanna go, he'll be GONE no lie I can't explain how many times I tried How many times I cried thinkin about mine and where he might be (Baby, I don't wannaaaaa know) Remember when I gave everything I've got Couldn't get deep down inside How you love someone who didn't love me? (c'mon) But now I get if he don't wanna love you the right way, he ain't gonna It ain't where he''s at it's where he, where he wanna beeeee [Chorus 2X] If he ain't gonna love you, the way he should then let it goooo If he ain't gonna treat you, the way he should then let it goooo [Missy Elliott] When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (REMIX!!) [Keyshia Cole - Verse Two] See you been tryna make me feel like you don't love me anymore (anymooore) And you've been tryna make me feel that you don't need me, ANY-more (anymooore) But baby, I won't let you play games You wanna leave, then you can go! (you can goooo) I know you heard him {Grand Hustle}, it ain't where he's at {Grand Hustle} IT'S WHERE HE WANNA BEEEEEEE-EEEEEEEEEEEEE!!! {Grand Hustle} [T.I.] Grand Hustle Remix! It's smashin.. The phone stay ringin Even though my gul got a ten-carit rang and them stones stay blingin (bling!) Them hoes stay schiemin (wha?), I see it in they eye when I'm leanin in the ride, cause the chrome stay gleamin See I'm champagne wishin (I see ya), caviar dreamin To kick it wit the King, they are really a-fiendin So they laugh for no reason (what?), drops all hatin (okay) Wishin they was in your situation, so that why we take two vacations One wit all the kids, then one wit all the strippers that ya crew stay chasin Chillin in a Camry (okay), far away from fame and all the other situation weighin heavy on the brain And now we Margarita drankin (drankin), champagne poppin (pop!) All night, pool parties got +Big Thangs Poppin+ (HEY!) Six G's in the pool, just get naked 'fore you hop in Tops and bottoms, hoes spot, just holla - ay! [Missy Elliott] HANDS UP IN THE AIR!! When this song come on in the club, they gon be like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot And when they play it in the car, they gon' drop they tops like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot (WHOOP!) They gon' mix it with Biggie, "IT WAS ALL A DREAM.." like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot Me, and Keyshia don't stop, 'til the tick don't tock like Daaaaaaaaaaamn, that's hot {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Paula Cole f/ Missy Elliott Album: Amen Song: Feelin' Da Love Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Missy] Two, three, four When I walk up in the club they watch me stroll Hey Mr. DJ, do you got that Paula Cole Oh, I'm so sure, it's gon' rock Give me these knots and make sure it's under rocks Now, I'm gon' drink till I'm drunk And if you say please then I'm a give you what you want Get on your knees like you bout to marry me Then open your mouth and let me see what you're about You make me feel like a sticky pistil, leaning into the stamens You make me feel like a mister sunshine himself You make me feel like splendor in the grass while we're rollin' Damn skippy baby You make me feel like the Amazon's runnin' between my thighs You make me feel love, love, love, love, love Love, love, love, love, love You make me feel love, love, love, love, love Love, love, love, love You make me feel like a candy apple, all red and horny You make me feel like I wanna be a dumb blonde In a centrefold, the girl next door And I would open the door and I'd be all wet With my tits soaking through this tiny little t-shirt that I'm wearing And you would open the door and tie me up to the bed You make me feel love, love, love, love, love Love, love, love, love, love You make me feel love, love, love, love, love Love, love, love, love Lover I don't know who I am Am I Barry White, am I Isis, oooh Lover I'm laced with your uncoscious Ooh baby I will be your Desdemona, ahh [Missy] I know you wanna tie me to the bed, I'm feelin' nice It's gettin' hot from the spot that you touch Boy yeah I'm horny and I need a bag of ice So I can cool off cause I'm feelin' a bit much When you kiss my back somethin' make me feel stiff And I got the liquor so you drink more than a sip Cause when you take me to the sky up above You make me feel the wind and I make you feel this love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Brat f/ Jermaine Dupri, Lil' Mo, Missy Elliott Album: That's What I'm Lookin' For - Import CD Single Song: That's What I'm Lookin' For (Remix) Typed by: JiggaMyN166A@aol.com [Jermaine Dupri]: What? Y'all thought we wasn't gonna make a remix to this I want y'all to bounce wit me, wit me, wit me, wit me Bounce Brat, Missy, JD Come on [Missy Elliott]: Yo, come here baby, let me kiss ya Let me see what'cha bought when I'm wit'cha Let me see what'cha talkin bout big shot If you got that doe, can I get some? Let me see that Benz, can I drive, dude? Can I have when I ride right beside you? Oh, side by side, I got my crew Oh, you act a little funny nigga, fuck you Cause I'm that bitch wit the six shots Six blocks, big knots, big tick-tocks Drop tops, shit won't stop Y'all flop when Miss' drop, I rock {*dogs bark and growl*} I'm gon' get'chall Bang bang to the boogie, take a picture Of a hot girl and big time Wit a thong, it's on when I hit'chall That's what I'm lookin for [Jermaine Dupri]: Uh Yo I'm lookin for a bitch that'll switch that thang from right to left like no other Type of girl that'll blow your BRAIN Wanna rock your CHAIN Make you wanna take to meet your mother No matter what baby keeps it NAME BRAND Never let a nigga change her GAME PLAN Even though it might look like she switch up Everynight honey fucks with the SAME MAN Hit the mall, get fresh just LIKE I DO Wanna have wild sex just LIKE I DO Bottle to the neck just LIKE I DO  That's what I'm lookin for She gotta be jazzy (uh-huh, uh-huh) But when she do her thang it's ghetto style Tellin me "JD, nigga say my name." Like she a new member of Destiny's Child I like those that got hair but still rock a weave Know just what to do to make a nigga not leave (OH)  Know just what to wear to make a nigga go dream  Know just what to say to get the bling (That's what I'm lookin for)  For others she won't but WILL FOR ME Come in and pay some of these BILLS FOR ME Not just standin around lookin REAL PRETTY I'm talkin bout a bitch that'll KILL FOR ME  (That's what I'm lookin for) (Jermaine Dupri Chorus) Where my thong wearin shorties at? Got the game down packed Got their own car, little crib and a doe stack That's what I'm lookin for They know just what a brotha needs  How to throw it and make him not wanna leave When it's time to go down, they ain't scared to freak That's what I'm lookin' for And where my Proda wearin shorties who claim they don't love you But anytime you want somethin done, they'll do it That's what I'm lookin for Them 4, 5, 6 types Down to do it all night See that there, is the type of bitch I like That's what I'm lookin for [Da Brat]: Oh yeah See me, I like a big, buff nigga, get tough nigga Sex me rough 'til I beg to get up nigga What's up? You got a hot cars? I'm-a need to ride find WHAT I'M LOOKIN FOR To bump these hot boys, let me get the Visa So I can Discover your MasterCard Let's cruise the beach and then park the yacht  at the dock at the beaches Don't stop, got nothin but hot releases A thug by my side cause I need em Forget any reason I give He'll stop a nigga from breathin cause he lives for me  Dedicated to Brat only That sexy smile, personality, my COMPLEXION give a nigga ERECTIONS Condom in the bra for MY PROTECTION  Tell ya at the end let me get it LaShaun What's my name? BRAT!! And I can fuck all night to the break of dawn Lookin for me, a thug that's ready to get it on I'm like em athletic down to sweat  Cause he gotta get it Cut, split it and wet it, servin me cause he loves to get it And it tastes so good he'll never forget  Believe me when I spit It's the part that moves his body (come on) (Missy Elliott & Lil'Mo Chorus x 1) Move your body, move to the music Grab somebody, keep it movin Get up on the dance floor, shake your thang now Everybody in the club  That's what I'm lookin for (Da Brat Chorus x 1) Where my rollie wearin thugs who claim they don't love you But anytime you want somethin done they'll do it That's what I'm lookin for The ball all night type, frontin, screamin thug life That's the type of nigga I like That's what I'm lookin for (Missy Elliott & Lil'Mo Chorus x 1) (Da Brat Chorus x 1) (Missy Elliott & Lil' Mo Chorus x 1) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danity Kane f/ Missy Elliott Album: Welcome to the Dollhouse Song: Bad Girl Typed by: catsfan1@hotmail.com When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform [Aubrey] Look in my eyes covered in Maybelline Looking like something fresh out a magazine I can be part of your deepest fantasies You're the detective, come solve my mystery [D. Woods] Some say that love is all that I'm missing Some call it jezebel, I call it attention But what they don't know they can't even imagine Say I don't have no self-esteem but it's my fashion Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl, a bad girl I can be your addiction if you wanna get hooked on me I-I can be your addiction if you wanna get hooked on me Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl, a bad girl When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform [Dawn] Something about me has got you hypnotized Examine my body like you're the science guy Watching my every move you anticipate What ya thinking about, boy I can recreate [Aundrea] Some say that love is all that I'm missing Some call it jezebel, I call it attention But what they don't know they can't even imagine Say I don't have no self-esteem but it's my fashion Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl, a bad girl [Missy Elliott] I know you hear me boy... B-A-D-C-H-I-C, lookin' so sexy Make them bitches hate me She not me cause there's just one me I'm the M to the I-double S-Y-E Lights come on, I tr-transform Gimme that dick, baby, com-come on I can do it all night 'til the break of dawn On-On and on, I keep on goin' They call me a jezebel cause I freaks, I does it well Got extensions in my hair, bad girls is ya'll up in here? (Yeah) Tonight we just gonna let it do what it do I can put this pretty young thing on you I ain't lookin' for attention, I just want you Let me be your addiction, I can be that too I can be your addiction if you wanna get hooked on me I-I can be your addiction if you wanna get hooked on me Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl, a bad girl When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform [Shannon] (+Dawn) From a caterpillar to a butterfly I know I got something that you're gonna like (Don't be afraid I won't let you down) I'm the one that'll make you come around Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl, a bad girl I can be your addiction if you wanna get hooked on me I-I can be your addiction if you wanna get hooked on me Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl Maybe I'm just a bad girl, a bad girl When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform When the red light comes on I transform The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Missy Album: MTV's Hip Hopera Soundtrack: Carmen Song: Bootylicious (Rocwilder Remix) Typed by: PnoiButta@home.com, ladyflash24@aol.com [Destiny's Child] Kelly, can you handle this?  Michelle, can you handle this?  Beyonce, can you handle this?  I don't think they can handle this My boy Roc, can you handle this? My girl Missy, can you handle this? 	 DC, can you handle this?  My ghettos you can't handle this [Kelly] You better move 'cause we've arrived Lookin' sexy, lookin' fly we're the baddest chicks, the chicks inside DJ jam tonight Spotted me a tender thing baby There you are, come on baby Don't you wanna boogey with me Say, can you handle, handle me? [Beyonce] You gotta do much better if you gon' dance with me tonight You gotta work yo' jelly  if you gon' dance with me tonight 'cause I don't think they're ready for that jelly from them boys 'cause I don't think they're ready for that jelly from them boys 'cause I don't think they're ready for that jelly from Beyonce, Michelle and Kelly It's time for takeoff I don't think you're ready for this jelly I don't think you're ready for this jelly  I don't think you're ready for this  'Cause my body too bootylicious for ya babe I don't think you're ready for this jelly  I don't think you're ready for this jelly  I don't think you're ready for this  'Cause my body too bootylicious for ya babe [Destiny's Child] I shake my jelly at every chance When I whip from my hips you slip into a trance I'm hopin' you can handle all this jelly that I have  Now let's cut a rug while we shake our ** [Kelly] I'm about to break ya off H-town growin' hard Lead with hips, slap my thighs Swing my hair, square my eyes Lookin' HOT! smellin' good Groovin' like I'm from da hood Look over my shoulder, I blow you a kiss Can you handle, handle this? [Beyonce] You gotta do much better if you gon' dance with me tonight (night) You gotta work yo' jelly  if you gon' dance with me tonight Read my lips carefully if ya like what you see Move girl, prove you can hang with me  By the looks I got ya shook up and scared of me Buckle your seatbelt, it's time for takeoff [Missy Elliott] Y'all not ready How many times I say y'all not ready Watch my booty shake like a fat lady's belly My style so stank I better bank you gon' smell me *SNIFF!* Aw, you smell me Smells like money when I come runnin' *WOW!* Missy keep it comin' -- *WOW!* RocWilder drum drummin' Destiny got the whole world freakin' somethin' Now we killin' somethin' Somebody better warn y'all  B, Michelle and Kelly put that jelly on y'all Roc and Missy be hot like California  Won't you sing the hook, uh, why don'tcha Now here we go [Michelle] Move your body up and down Make your booty touch the ground I can't help but wonder why [all] Is my vibe too vibealicious for ya babe [Interlude] [Chorus, w/Beyonce scat singing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Writing's on the Wall Song: Confessions Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Thou shall confess [Missy] Uh, uh, oh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Ooh Ooh, no, ooh ooh, ooh, no [Missy] Verse one [Beyoncé] The day you pissed me off I told Mike to pick me up I told him you was buggin' and I don't like to fuss He said he would look out for me If I needed a friend He took me to his house and then he invited me in Then we sat on the couch, he put his arms around my waist Knowin' I need lovin' and then he grabbed my face He kissed me like a guy could never kiss a girl before So you know what happened baby I need to say no more 1 - 	I'm just confessing 'bout the things I did 	I might as well come clean 	What you feel about that baby 	I'm just confessing 'bout the things I did 	I might as well come clean 	What you feel about that baby 2 - 	I'm just guessing that you're through with me 	Cause I just came clean 	What you feel about that baby 	I'm just guessing, are you through with me 	Cause I just came clean 	What you feel about that [Missy] Verse two [Beyoncé] Remember the time you wondered where your money went I called my friends and bought some clothes And took them on a trip I met a dude that had a Jeep And we talked all the time He asked me about my man And you know that I had to lie He thought I had no man and I was chillin' by myself Don't get mad cause I feel sad That's why I must confess Too many times I wanted to let you know my dirt But everytime you said you loved me I knew it would hurt Repeat 1 Repeat 2 3 - 	I was mad, what was I to do? 	Never had it in mind to play on you 	But look at all the hurt you put me through   I can't tell a lie so I'm tellin' the truth  	I was mad, what was I to do? 	Never had it in mind to play on you 	But look at all the hurt you put me through   You know, you know Repeat 3 Repeat 1 Repeat 2 [Missy] Confess Come clean, boo Yo, what you feel about that What you feel about, uh What you feel about that Heh heh, confessing baby Misdemeanor, Destiny, uh uh Repeat 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Missy, Mocha, Nicole Album: The Professional Song: I Like Control Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net, janis@betatesters.com [DJ Clue] New Missy  Featuring Mocha Nicole D-J-Clue [Mocha] What hot, we droppin' What not, we stoppin' Ya'll rock toppin', we bottle poppin' Ya'll block watchin', we watch coppin' Ya'll car hoppin', cause now we got it locked and We dedicate for ya'll feather weight You better skate cause we never late Gon' replicate then bet I set it straight But you can't bet what you never make I'm the same cat from the same tracks That hadda bring crack when you played that When I spit move way back, you get sprayed at I write my own shit bitch, can you say that? 1 - 	[Missy] 	Alot of ya'll MC's talk mo' shit 	Talkin' bout hits and all the whips you dip 	I know most of ya'll rappers live dead broke 	I go to your accountant and he say, "No dough" 	Rappin''bout the weed and you can't even roll 	If I blow you a gun nigga, can you smoke? 	Why you gotta front when you whack as shit 	Me and Mocha, we ain't braggin' bitch 	I ain't gotta rap about the dough I hold 	And I ain't 'bout to talk about the cars I drove 	And I ain't gotta front about the shows I blow 	Turn on your radio, see me control [Mocha] It's best that thee put on the bets wit' me And testin' me? I hit your chest wit' three Let's make it clear that we gon' take it there The way it appears, there ain't a club shakin' rears Mocha here, call me the richest chick With the thickest chips, and the quickest whip Get a grip, why can't you try wit' me Dumb variety, I get it done lively 2 - 	[Nicole] 	My rhymes, they like 	They really, really like 	They for it, adore it 	So come let them enjoy 	My rhymes, they like 	They really, really like 	They for it, adore it 	So come let them enjoy it [Missy] Wooo, I get it hot like heat You the MC that 'posed to scare me? Ahhh, scream 'till my voice get hoarse Spit on the mic, make all ya'll moist Hey, you don't wanna fuck with me And if you do, then you've been practicing And no one even told you who I was Well I'mma set it off, show you who I am God damn, I got skills like a thief And while you sleep I snatch out all ya teeth Hey, you don't really want that beef I repeat, you don't really want that beef I said hey, you don't really want that beef Now you know not to mess with me, hah hah Uh uh uh uh uh, uh uh (mmm mmmm) Repeat 1 Repeat 2 to fade [DJ Clue adlibs] Missy My nigga Timbaland Aaliyah The whole VA Crew Word up DJ Clue The Professional Niggas don't want it Word up, word up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Missy Elliott, Sean Paul Album: We Global Song: She's Fine Typed by: rive_ballin@hotmail.com * * the Sean Paul parts needs serious correction [Missy Elliott] DJ Khaled [Chorus: Sean Paul] * Shes blazin up  Shes blazin up the gucci man it is from the wildy Fuck  Beacouse the side and up U' too t' bae I guess beacouse the wildy tup  Beacouse shes blazin up  Shes blazin up the gucci man and its from the side and up  Beacouse the side and up  She a man uh a wanton fire shes blazin up  [Missy Elliott] Missy be the shiggidy, bomb diggidy I can take yo man shawty, that's fo'shiggidy Fo'shiggidy, I make a lot of miggidy Money ain't a thiggidy, I make these hoes sick of me I'm makin history like Khaled make a movie It's yours truly, I'm stingy with the booty Spend the lucci, on the bags and the shoes see the Gucci Gucci, the Fendi and the Louis I love the groupie, who wanna do me He gotta have the ching-a-ling to taste the oochi Oochie Wally baby, you got a Marley baby? Go and get me baby, fuckin with this hottie baby K-H-A, L-E-D Me like the boys with a lot of money, eh eh eh Dem gotta spend the ching-a-ling on me, eh eh eh Dem gotta spend the ching-a-ling on me, wooo! [Sean Paul] * Become in love dem ott gurls  Duffle man dey bring da gi and da vaga in 2 my world  Sport center to the Fuck gurls  Cenemar left dem out now dey cum out on my word  So im dickin on my ladies  So every women out dere start likin me apres dis  So wen I get to say dis  Every boy named K-a-led to da k space  Out my wife to uh dingin apred dis  Duffle man out ther wish im not ladies  Wen im at the bar man champagne outrageous  Stick ur body out in my sister mercedes  Blazin ooh man ur energeny is outsa  Blazin ohh man stick ur body outa  On my need on energy on us  Streight upon the lies the busta mere putsa  [Busta Rhymes] I dont care if you a nun - KNOCK ON WOOD! I'm a muh'fuckin freak and yo' ass look good  And I'll give it to you good until the day we through Heard you a freak? Yeah me too! And I'll monkeyfuckya in a way you never heard-a Choke you with my tongue while I peal your La Pearla My little momma open and there ain't no denyin Shawty gobblin up my meat even when a nigga drivin You got enough to eat? Well here's a sip of Aquafina  Mouth so pretty wit'cha lips like Angelina I aint never seen a chick look like such a winner  Shawty got a mix look like she got a little foreign in her How she give it to me when she had to - do it, do it She was makin funny noises like - oohee, ooheee Had me lookin at her funny and I knew I wasn't buggin  Shawty made the kinda sounds like I was dickin down a Russian [Missy Elliott] DJ Khaled The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Missy Elliott, P.Diddy Album Burnin Up 12" Song: Burnin Up (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P.Diddy] As we proceed (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) to give you what you need (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Yeah, it's gettin hot in here! (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Oh! It's gettin hot in here! Missy! [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] (P.Diddy) (Wooo hoooo!) Dag it's hot (I like this) Must have been Missy comin up in the spot How many times I'm a tell you to stop If me and Faith on the track artist don't wanna drop Now c-c-come on move your feet Let's slide to the flo' when ya hear this beat Let's shake it like a pro (oh) gimme what you got This is gonna blow when you play it in your box [Faith Evans] Sometimes you can be in love and having fun And still not know what's goin on (No) Or on the other hand you separate, thinkin that the feelin's gone Feels like forever when were together, I knew that we are destiny So here's the last chance for the last dance For us to bring back the dream [Chorus: Faith Evans] So baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin' for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!) [Verse 2: Missy] (P.Diddy) (It's gettin hot in here!!!) I'm burnin up like a match (Missy: Match) layin on my back (Missy: Back) Thirty eight deezy a that's just baby fat Why you so upset? Cause you want some putty cat You bought no jimmy hat no way don't gimme that Yeah I want you back, so can I have you back Those size twelve feet explains what's in your slacks I know this for a fact, I love the way you mack Can you rescue me? Ay yo Faith where you at? [Faith Evans] (P. Diddy) In the midnight hour, wait a minute I can be in a lonely place Then along you come with the sweetest thing to say And put the sun in my day (It's gettin hot in here!!!) I really wish you would [Chorus: Faith Evans] Rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up!) Baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin' for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Oooh oooh oooh oh oh (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!) (P.Diddy: It's gettin hot in here AAAAoooooooowwwwwwww!!!!) [Outro: Faith Evans] Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Freeway, Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album Burnin Up 12" Song: Burnin Up (Extended Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com, PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P.Diddy] As we proceed (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) to give you what you need (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Yeah, it's gettin hot in here! (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Oh! It's gettin hot in here! Missy! [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] (P.Diddy) (Wooo hoooo!) Dag it's hot (I like this) Must have been Missy comin up in the spot How many times I'm a tell you to stop If me and Faith on the track artist don't wanna drop Now c-c-come on move your feet Let's slide to the flo' when ya hear this beat Let's shake it like a pro (oh) gimme what you got This is gonna blow when you play it in your box [Faith Evans] Sometimes you can be in love and having fun And still not know what's goin on (No) Or on the other hand you separate, thinkin that the feelin's gone Feels like forever when were together, I knew that we are destiny So here's the last chance for the last dance For us to bring back the dream [Chorus 1: Faith Evans] So baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin' for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!) [Verse 2: Missy] (P.Diddy) (It's gettin hot in here!!!) I'm burnin up like a match (Missy: Match) layin on my back (Missy: Back) Thirty eight deezy a that's just baby fat Why you so upset? Cause you want some putty cat You bought no jimmy hat no way don't gimme that Yeah I want you back, so can I have you back Those size twelve feet explains what's in your slacks I know this for a fact, I love the way you mack Can you rescue me? Ay yo Faith where you at? [Beat Switches to JustBlaze version] [Freeway] Bad Boy, Roc-A-Fella, this is the remix! Faith! Free! Just Blaze! [Chorus 2: Faith Evans] Burnin up, my heart is like burnin up Things you do got my heart startin a fire (yess it isss) I'm on fire!  Burnin up, my heart is like burnin up Things you do got my heart startin a fire (I'm on firreee) [Faith Evans] Feels like forever, when we're together You are my destiny You got me in this position and my hearts not in the condition Your my desire, smells like a fire Baby come rescue me So baby bring back the dreaaamm Just come and rescue meee I'm on fire! [Verse 3: Freeway (Faith)] Shes burnin up! If I hit her with a Cardier it'll cool her down Its the Roc miss, gonna skip work or what? On time when you clock and I can hold you down (I'm on fire!) Still on fire I'ma hold you down Soak you up, go round for round Yeaaahhh she Just Blazin, ain't that amazin She claimin she don't know the sound (I'm on fire!) But she feelin the kid Don't care how it starts Just when I'm floatin the pound Into the crib, we can just dance, dance, dance All night in the dark You like that? Yeaaahhh On the right track yeah How you want me to bite that? Ma I'll be right back When the jokin stops, Faith, Just Blaze and Free Bad Boy and the Roc [Outro: Faith Evans] Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Ruff Ryder's First Lady Song: Ain't Got No Dough Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Eve] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Bet I make you a believer Fever, what you catch when you see her Cheater, that be you check your beeper 9-1-1 Never Eve stressin' for your lovin' I don't want none Peep her, two seater Look at you nigga actin' like you need her You run blocks with your henney on the rocks You don't think I see you wiling, thirsty nigga want the cock, uh Let you live for a minute ‘fore I slide off Get you mad, holla no smokey ride off Stressing me, you ain't blessing me With your 96 Rolley glistening and impressing me Hear me though, want a job need a resume, ready though Cause my time is like Presume You got petty dough and I'm here to let you know My time is priceless, so if you iceless, babygirl gotta go 1 – [Missy]   Ain't got no dough   Broke ass niggas ain't got cash flow   Y'all know y'all can't buy shit   See me in the club trying to impress this, heh Repeat 1 [Eve] Yo, yo You can say I'm bless I know Niggas like ‘em flashy drive a F50 Jets I go, go-tee y'all blow, H-Y-dro Keep ‘em leaning the club Hoochies screaming y'all don't know Many bitches follow me Daddy licking out your tongue, wanna swallow me Wanna pile me, never put no smile on me Better stop that Wanna see me beggin' for your chips Bet I doubt that Whatcha lookin at huh? Still speakin' to me think you pushin' it huh? Know you pussy cat run Cause this bitch is gonna bite I don't light fire Grab it, choke it, hold it down Ride it ruff ryde I can give you what you need Or give you what you like But the pay is kind of the low So this pussy pawn stride Wishin' you could touch me, lust me Listen up daddy you ain't ready for the bed Try-na to give it up Repeat 1 (2x) [Eve] Yo, yo Swizz got beats locked Every time I drop shit's hot Think not and it don't stop This bitch top notch and Y'all keep watching Play the back baby while your team keep flockin' Try-na to touch my ass You ain't got the strength to mount this stallion, I pass Whiling out I dash To that type of thug that's about they business Piling out that cash Long line of credit cause I like my thug to last See they like it when I talk back Dough stack, cut backs, we don't want that Frontin' but you flaunt that Somethin' whatcha want black Cheap stack, keep that Fake money nigga, fake thug We don't need that What's that all about I can see you from a mile running at the mouth Lies poppin' out Claimin' you's a hustlin' type of nigga, cut it out You's an average type of cat No money, no clout [Missy] When Missy flow I give y'all fever, yo If your bitch is ugly you don't need her Feed her to a wild pack of cheetas Yo I let y'all bitches see I'm off the meter, heater Me and Eve give ya seizures Know I put your niggas down on their knees uhh, eat up Then we treat you like skeezers, yo let me Let me take a quick breather (Ahhh!) Yo do y'all smell them trees huh? Do you hear them bangin' Swizz Beats huh? Oh do you feel the rappin' Missy huh? Well where you wanna roll wit me huh? me huh? One-two Misdemeanor Yeah, yeah, yeah Mutherfucker now, mutherfucker now what? Aiight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eve f/ Missy Elliott, Naco Album: Lip Lock Song: Wanna Be Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Been a couple years and the game done changed She rollin down, fucked up, so mundane Where the real G's at? Man fuck these lames My money feel long so I can't complain My life is same, shit oh so cray Oh so cray, so so cray, man I ball out every day Parle-vous francais? Oui oui Givenchy, Dion E Aye where them bags at? My bitches showin up in a matte black That mazzy, that jet, I have that Got money like lick and you rant sack If I want it I'll buy it, I could have that There it goes, be fatter than yo brick fair [Chorus: x2] Hey hey, I don't care what bitches say None of ya'll can fuck with me I'm the bitch you wanna be Wait, who? I'm the bitch you wanna be None of ya'll can fuck with me I'm the bitch you tryna be [Verse 2] I've been getting so dope, you try to cock at me Only what misdemeanor means like me you can never be I'm P A I D, Monopoly I be that property And I go to the car and knock out a few Ferraris And I be yo boss boss that's bosser Beaters in my closet Missy Bitch, Missy Elliott Like a hearse she fit in chocolate Lamborghini and Porsches Parked in all my garages Million dollar my mortgage in my head bitch 'Cause I preach bitch [Chorus: x2] Hey hey, I don't care what bitches say None of ya'll can fuck with me I'm the bitch you wanna be Wait, who? I'm the bitch you wanna be None of ya'll can fuck with me I'm the bitch you tryna be [Verse 3] Pause, wait, hold up one second Who the new Jag with the new swag? I could do this all day Need a little minute Take a breath, inhale it, let it out See the shit, well you don't say Step up in the room and everybody's checkin me Ya'll feelin my persona Hey hey, I'm the bitch you wanna be Rest of ya'll is busting the door with it close to a maze And everybody wanna know who that Made a commitment to bring that fire He be know that I got her back Reliving it, ya'll can't keep in Then fuck, go ahead and run up And watch how we press Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat Don't make me take off under that [Chorus: x2] Hey hey, I don't care what bitches say None of ya'll can fuck with me I'm the bitch you wanna be Wait, who? I'm the bitch you wanna be None of ya'll can fuck with me I'm the bitch you tryna be I'm the bitch you wanna be I'm the bitch you tryna be I'm the bitch you wanna be Bitch you just a wanna be... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Missy Elliott Album: Street Dreams Song: Sickalicious Typed by: icechilladhs@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Fabolous] Uh, huh, Oh! Yeah, Yeah, Uh! Uh! Yeah, Uh Uh! They call me G-H-E-T-T-O Black star power, like B-E-T shows I'm usually pullin up in the G-T slow Flashing my ring finger with the E-T glow I'm that nucca, act rucka Certified plat nucca Semi-auto, gat bucca Take that fucka Lay flat sucka I'm the Negro, amigo Get every bay from Tampa to Montigo They say I got the lifestyle, and the E glow I'm in the blow range, no matter where he go I'm that homie Gat on me I'm the kid not that phony Anybody that know me Knows im here to get that money! Yeah! [Missy Elliott] Heeyyyy! Now get that money, keep them rims spicheeeeyyy! 24 shoes on my Hummer, and they fitting tiiigghhtt! Fabolous and Missy, Sickalicious righhhhtttt. If you a hater make my gun go (Fabolous: Blocka, blocka, blocka, blow!) [Fabolous] They call me F-A-B, O-L-O U-S, you just lay down slow! (Nigga) Know this before this, trey pound blow (Uh-Huh) Spit game, get dames to lay down low (Ohh!) I'm da poppy cholo, the cops say the tops on the drops is to low I shop till I drop, when I'm coppin new clothes Bop in the hop, but don't stop to use hoes I'm that new dude, that include Making sure silencers in the gat is screwed With an it don't even matter mood And a "Fuck you, pay me" attitude I'm that young boy, that slung boy That'll have em saying, where you get that from boy I'm still leaving niggas, at one choice So run when you hear, that gun noise! (Blat!) [Missy Elliott] You say you rich, then come and talk that shit to me (Blacka, blacka, blacka, blacka) Buy your DVD's and TV's, but I like shoes on my Jeep (Blacka, blacka, blacka, blacka) 24-inch wheels, and a good gold grill in the front (Blacka, blacka, blacka, blacka) Gotta closet made for big clothes Gotta do more then treat me to lunch [Fabolous] They call me William H period Bonnie I ride in a seven series with Tommie's I make another on of America's hotties And I'm that serious mommy I'm the one, like the Jet Li flick The private jet ski's sick The motors on the jet ski's quick The clips in the sets be thick And I done slipped more shots in then Gretzky's stick I'm the one like Penny Hardaway's number That's why dudes say it's hard to keep my broad away from ya Once your bitch, get the god 2-way number It'll be hard to get a Happy Father's Day from ya I'm the one, like the piece that's on Nelly's chain You can't reach me, I'm out of your celly range Bitch I'll even put canary's up in your belly chain And just to beat the traffic, hop in a helly main The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fantasia f/ Missy Elliott Album: Free Yourself Song: Selfish (I Want U 2 Myself) Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Fantasia] I don't need anybody else but you, come on Boy, stop playing tricks on me Cause when I think I've found the right one I end up lonely So don't judge me before you get to know me I don't wanna share your love, make me your one and only, ohh [Fantasia] I don't want nobody else, I want you to myself You can call me selfish if you want to I don't need nobody else, don't wanna share your love I wanna be the only one you run to [Fantasia] My heart can't take another heartbreak Cause everytime I fall deep in love somebody go and hurt me So this time there will be no mistakes If you allow me to prove myself boy I can make you happy, ohh [Fantasia] I don't want nobody else, I want you to myself You can call me selfish if you want to I don't need nobody else, don't wanna share your love I wanna be the only one you run to [Missy] I'm stingy with my man, I'm stingy with the goodies If you think my style fly then check the way I boogie This one tough cookie with shell toes and hoodies Will approach any chick that walk up to my man Never understand my man be my man I shut the game down, this dude is mines now, yep Bring it to the ring, K.O. in one round Misdemeanor and Fantasia with the breakdown, uh [Missy] I want to be the only one The only one that you run to I sure don't need nobody else You're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one I want to be the only one The only one that you run to I sure don't need nobody else You're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one [Fantasia] I don't want nobody else, I want you to myself You can call me selfish if you want to I don't need nobody else, don't wanna share your love I wanna be the only one you run to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fatman Scoop f/ Faith Evans, Missy Elliott Album: Be Faithful Promotional CD Song: Put Your Hands Up (Original Mix) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: DJ Knuckles scratching quotes below] Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah Bass drop!! bass drop!! bass drop!! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! [Fatman Scoop] You got a hundred dollar bill - Get your hands up! You got a fifty dollar bill - Get your hands up! You got a twenty dollar bill - Get your hands up! You got a ten dollar bill  - Get your hands up! Single ladies! - I can't hear you! Single ladies! - Make noise! Single ladies! - I can't hear you! Single ladies! - Make noise! All the chicken heads - Be quiet! All the chicken heads - Be quiet! All the chicken heads - Be quiet! Yeah baby, Fatman Scoop, Faith Evans sing along! Come on! [Faith Evans] I never knew there was love, love like this before [Fatman Scoop] Yeah, UHHA! WORD UP! Yeah, UHHA! All the good looking women song along, I can't hear you! [Faith Evans] Never had someone to show me a love, love like this before [Fatman Scoop] Awww UHHa! Yeah! What's your zodiac sign? (What?)(What?) What's your zodiac sign? (I can't hear you!) What's your zodiac sign? (Yeah, yeah, oh! oh!) [Missy Elliott] Yooouu! better watch your step [Fatman Scoop] If you got long hair - Get your hands up! If you got short hair - Make noise! If you got long hair - Get your hands up! If you got short hair - Make noise! If you got long hair on your head Ladies! if you got long hair on your head! If you got long hair on your head From your ear to your sleeve, even if you got a wig! Yo! Can I get a (oo oo) - Can I get a (oo oo) Can I get a (oo oo) - Oh! oh! Can I get a (oo oo) - Can I get a (oo oo) Can I get a (oo oo) - Oh! oh! To all my niggaz that'll hit it from the back Who wanna have sex with no strings attached Yo! Can I get a (What what) - Can I get a (What what) Can I get a (What what) - Oh! oh! Can I get a (What what) - Can I get a (What what) Can I get a (What what) - Oh! oh! [Break: Sample of Black Sheep - The Choice Is Yours] Engine, engine number nine On the New York transit line If my train goes off the track Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up [Fatman Scoop] Let's go.. Who's fucking tonight? - Who's fucking tonight? Who's fucking tonight - Oh! oh! Who's fucking tonight? - Who's fucking tonight? Who's fucking tonight - Oh! oh! Stop playing - Keep it moving Stop playing - Keep it moving Stop playing - Keep it moving Keep it moving (Yeah) moving (Yeah) moving (Yeah) Sing along.. [Sample of Naughty by Nature - Hip-Hop Hooray] Hey.. ooh (Yeah) Hey.. ooh (Sing along now) Hey.. ooh - Hey.. ooh (Lady) Hey.. (Fellows) - ooh.. (Lady) Hey.. (Fellows) - ooh.. (Lady) Hey.. (Fellows) - ooh.. (Lady) COME ON! COME ON! COME ON! Sing along, everybody now [Faith Evans] I never new there was love, love like this before [Fatman Scoop] Yeah, WORD UP! UHHA! All the ladies, if your in here, I need to here you UHHA! yeah [Faith Evans] Never had someone to show me a love, love like this before [Fatman Scoop] Word up! Fatman Scoop, Crooklyn Clan DJ Knuckles, Case Smooth, Oh! oh! Oh! Go girlfriend - It's your birthday! Go girlfriend - It's your birthday! Go girlfriend - It's your birthday! Oh! oh! Oh! Oh! [Missy Elliott] Yoouu! better watch your step [Fatman Scoop] Fatman Scoop - Crooklyn Clan! Fatman Scoop - Crooklyn Clan! Fatman Scoop - Crooklyn Clan! Crooklyn Clan - Crooklyn Clan! Fatman Scoop - Crooklyn Clan! Fatman Scoop - Crooklyn Clan! YEAH! YEAH! [Missy Elliott] Yoouu! better watch your step, your step, your step, your step! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Missy Album: The Mix Tape Volume III: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Missy Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Mi-Missy! (I'm Supa Dupa Fly) Mi-Missy! (Sup-Supa Dup-Sup Sup) I'm Su-Supa Fly, Su-Supa Fly Missy!! What's my name -- Mi-Missy! What's my name -- Mi-Missy! Yo, uh-huh (Supa Fly) Icki-icki-icki-icki-icki-icki (UHHH) Dag-gonit, who smoked my motherfuckin chronic I'ma brrrrrrrr pop one in your stomach Get back, yeaooowwww funk, do you see the vomit fly across your face like a comet Oh Missy you better stop it, every flow you throw these niggaz wanna cop it, all up in my ass like tissue, they so rotten, all y'all niggaz wanna taste some of my chocolate, though you talkin mad mad shit Why you bitchin? Half of y'all hard niggaz leave home twistin, then you wanna come and fucka-fuck around with Missy, you know where I be I keep, all my number listed, hey there buddy you wanna come and get me, better bring your people cause I'm bringin mine with me, kickin your ass like a job I'll be shiftin, bitch-slappin niggaz Hey is that Missy pimpin? Oh yes yes It is me, yes yes, and I won't rest until the world knows the best, I want more won't take nuttin less, let me freak-it-freak-it-freak-it over the Flex, over the freak-it-freak-it, over the Flex Over the Flex, over the Flex.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Pretty Toney Album Song: Tush (Push) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Missy Elliott] Oohhh... This that fire! Ghostface and Missy [Ghostface Killah] Somebody tell that girl that her ass too big I give it to her right and she let me live Can't eat that, cuz there's no relationship I beat that, the next day you called in sick Frontin', not for nothin', I pop buttons Off Baby Phat, Levi's, J.Lo's, Guess and Gap Cuz it's like that, young lady, bet I make you shake Like the Puffy and Jay-Z's, Dre's and J.D.'s Come on, if not you, I'mma beat this song But if you were bout it, our business wouldn't be here this long Let me break it down for you, all I wanted to know If I could just feel it and touch it, and break it down into numbers and Come with me and just leave your friends Cuz we don't need no cock blocking Tellin' you this without no option Tell your friends "Peace, look, I'm bouncin'" [Chorus: Missy Elliott (Ghostface Killah)] Tush, tush, tush Wanna slide in the bush, bush, bush? (I'm on top, you like push, push, push Keep it low like shush, shush, shush) You wanna get up in my tush, tush, tush? You could slide in the bush, bush, bush (I'm on top, you like push, push, push Keep it low like shush, shush, shush) You wanna get up in that tush, tush, tush? Wanna slide in my bush, bush, bush (I'm on top, you like push, push, push Keep it low like shush, shush, shush) [Ghostface Killah] Oh yeah, you jinglin' baby (well let me jump up on that ding-a-ling baby) Ooh, gosh, you a nasty girl, sassy Picture me layin' you inside my classic pearls Toes'll curl, giddy up, you go girl I'm about to, uh, do it slow girl Ooh, you in control, it's in your world She on, I think I like ol' girl Take it out, turn around Charlie horse, shit, threw me off balance Wildin', all I wanted was to show you my talent To let you know on how I rep in Staten Island This is the reason I came to you So we can connect it then kick it was the thing to do Cuz we don't need no representation Domination, got them waitin' patient [Break: Ghostface Killah] Now this is the way ya'll suppose to To get dowwnnnnnnnn, ya'll ain't right Somebody say "Aha! Ghost is back!" [Missy Elliott] Pull back the curtain, let me work your sermon Playboy don't hurt me like a virgin You seem real determined to put a hurtin' But if you ain't slurpin', then you better off jerkin' You got a lot of nerve, to wanna serve my curves My 36D, 36 hips The way I shoot the gift, I swallow coke bottles And you would swear it was Lil' Kim lips Eh, I really like you baby Do you know how to wife this lady? Give me what I want, don't talk, don't touch Unless you got a bank account that make my face blush Now shush... in my bush And I can give you what you want, make a whoosh Just throw it, I'll show you how to push Kinky sex, tie ropes around your wrist Come on.. [Outro: Missy Elliott] Come on... hah... oh.. Come on... hah... oh... aha-ha Oh... aha-ha... whoo! Come on! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Whitney Houston f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: My Love is Your Love Song: In My Business Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Missy] Hey, this is Whitney and Missy, y'all Ninety-nine, uh Hey Missy, can ya believe this girl? Misdemeanor, Missy Misdemeanor, uh Ya heard? [Whitney] Hey baby, I get so many people Telling me they seen you up in the mall Are they mistaken? All up on some chick as though I don't exist, what is this, oh 1 - 	Why they all in our business 	It's just too ridiculous 	I can't get no sleep 	They just keep warning me 	Should I believe them 	They say I don't need it 	Don't they know I make up my mind, my mind Haunting me Too many people say you're fakin' me They ask what have you done lately They say we won't last They're predicting that it's over, it's over [Missy] Too many girls that dislike me Since I got you they wanna fight me Cuz I'm the chick walking 'round with the ring Tell me why these ho's, they don't even like me Too many girls that dislike me Since I got you they wanna fight me Cuz I'm the chick walking 'round with the ring Tell me why these ho's, they don't even like me Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Oh boy, it's all the love that you've given They mad cuz all this love they missing That's why they stay up in my business They are up in our business Repeat 1 Why y'all in my business Heh, get a job The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Adina Howard f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Second Coming Song: Crank Me Up Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] Ah, ah, yeah, yeah, uha Better pump this in your jeep, gotta turn the volume up Wanna smoke a little of this stuff, that's the way we blaze on up Better pump this in your jeep, better turn the volume up Wanna smoke a little of this stuff, that's the way we blaze on up Boy ain't a freak like me, that do it constantly Make sure you keep busy, wanna feel the part of me [Adina] (Missy) You make my heart beat faster (yeah) You got me ill flow like a rapper (ooh) I'll blaze you with good sensations Your loving be my first occupation This is how I'm puttin' it down For my peeps on the other side of town Can you tell me are you feeling me And if you're feeling me then bump this in your jeep Play this in your jeep [Missy] Oh, ah, baby, show me love, better pump this in your jeep Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, better turn the volume up Oh, ah, baby, show me love, wanna smoke a little of this stuff Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, uh, aha [Adina] Baby were you fine along me Won't you come and spend some time Won't you come and chill with me I know you wanna smoke this *cough* All I ever wanted you to do, ooh Is to feel me I wanna sit and get you in the mood But you gotta play this in your jeep, in your jeep [Missy] Oh, ah, baby, show me love, better pump this in your jeep Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, better turn the volume up Oh, ah, baby, show me love, wanna smoke a little of this stuff Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, yeah, yeah, aha [Missy] (Adina) You got it, tell me how you want it (yeah, ey) How you want it, I wanna make you funky (ooh, yeah) You got it, tell me how you want it How you want it, I wanna make you funky (funky) You got it, tell me how you want it (ooh, oh) How you want it, I wanna make you funky (hey) You got it, tell me how you want it (mmhm) How you want it, I wanna make you funky (funky) [Missy] Oh, ah, baby, show me love, better pump this in your jeep Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, better turn the volume up Oh, ah, baby, show me love, wanna smoke a little of this stuff Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, yeah, yeah, aha [Missy] Round and round, let's get to down Feelin' my body, my body Round and round, let's get to down Feelin' my body, my body Round and round, let's get to down Feelin' my body, my body Round and round, let's get to down Feelin' my body, feelin' my body [Missy] Oh, ah, baby, show me love, better pump this in your jeep Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, better turn the volume up Oh, ah, baby, show me love, wanna smoke a little of this stuff Oh, ah, baby, crank me up, yeah, yeah, aha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Janet f/ Missy Elliott Album: Go Deep CD-5 Single Song: Go Deep (Timbaland Remix) Typed by: the520@hotmail.com (Missy) (chorus four times) Go deep (go deep) No sleep (no sleep) All night (all night) Go deep (go deep) Repeat (repeat) Go deep (go deep) Real deep (go deep) Go deep (go deep) (Janet) I'm feeling fine 'cause in time I'll be out tonight I'm starting now making sure I look fine tonight Call Rene and Boo gotta meet them soon Tell T to call Shawn I'll be there at 1 When we show up All the guys at the club Wanna get our backs (chorus twice) I'm feeling high 'cause I'm outta control tonight (feeling high don't wanna stop) Ooh he's got me moving DJ grooving I feel way right (grooving I don't wanna stop) I'm getting freaked from behind I don't even mind 'Cause he's looking damn fine Make him mine in time Gotta take him home When I get him all alone I'll make him scream and moan (moan) (chorus twice) We'll go deep Get no sleep And uh we'll be up all night 'till the... (yeah uh) (repeat) I'm feeling hight tonight Outta control tonight I'm feeling hight tonight I feel high (Missy Elliott) Yeah I can go deeper than the river Timbaland Make a beat that will shiver The back of your car The back of your jeeps (what) The tip of your neck The soles on your feet (what) Black My ha-hat-rat-tat (uh) Tat-tat-tat Now duplicate that (what) You sound whack Here's a smack Janet don't play that Timbaland give me playback (chorus untill fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Janet Jacksonf/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Son of a Gun Remix 12" Song: Son of a Gun (Remix) Typed by: mikediep21@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Janet) Ha ha Hoo hoo Thought you'd get the money too Greedy, Greedy, Greedy Try to have your cake and eat it too (Carly) Missy.....remix (Missy) Yo check this out, you greedy motherfucker (I) changed all the credit cards (and) switched the lock to all my doors (hehehe) You thought my heart would be destroyed (mmmm) Look around cuz I'm chillling boy (hehehe) Whatcha go and get your lawyers for I, makes my dough in just one show, you know Your lawyer shoulda let you know, you know When you sue me, ya gonna be broke you know Ain't know you way you could bring me down (easy) Any chick that you stick is real sleazy Before I need you, I betcha gon' need me You ain't want me anyway way, you wanted to be me What made you think I'd keep you around While I, work my ass off and you just lounge (huh?) You slump, bump, son of a gun And a, how much your worth?  I think negative Don (Janet) Sharp shooter into breakin hearts  A baby gigolo – a sex pistol Hollerin at everythin that walks No substance just small talk Know why you feelin on that girl's behind You gotta sleezy - one track mind Working your work until you think you find Who's goin home with you tonight *Hook  (Janet with Missy in parenthesis) Oh (oh), who you give it to Who you gonna steal it from Who's your next victim (the right, like) Oh (oh), who you gonna lie to Who you gonna cheat on  Who you gonna leave alone (that's what I'm talking about) Oh (oh), what ya gonna tell her After she discovers You don't really love her Oh (oh), gonna be a showdown Knock down – drag out Gunslinger shoot 'em up (shoot em' up) (Janet & Carly) I betcha think this song is about you  I betcha think this song is about you  I betcha think this song is about you (yeah, yeah) I betcha think this song is about you  Don't you Don't you Don't you Don't you  (Carly) Reeeeemix I'm doing better with out you and I'm happy without you (Janet) Sweatin me but I'm not your type You think you irk me and you're so right I'd rather keep the trash and throw you out Stupid bitch in my beach house Naw I ain't gone go and act a fool And be lead story on the nigga news Not me sucher I'll never be your lover I'm gonna make you suffer You stupid mutherfucker (ok baby?) (Janet with Missy in parenthesis) Oh (oh), who you give it to Who you gonna steal it from Who's your next victim (the right, like) Oh (oh), who you gonna lie to Who you gonna cheat on  Who you gonna leave alone (that's what I'm talking about) Oh (oh), what ya gonna tell her After she discovers You don't really love her Oh (oh), gonna be a showdown (Missy) Knock down - drag out Gunslinger shoot 'em up (shoot em' up) (Missy) You musta thought you had game like nigga what Walk around like you down, you don't give a fuck Cause you don't really want Beef until you hit the streets See, I ma lover, not a fighter but I'll crack ya teeth Boy, plea plea nah...don't bother me Cause when you had me, you ain't know how ta treata me But now you up on dem knees, still joggin me But I ma say it real real, keep it real what da deal, how ya feel, is it ill, is it sick Cause I da deal, still here with appeal and it's real don't front cause boy I da shit (Carly) I'm doing better with out you (playa) and I'm happy without you (playa) (Missy) And this song is about you (playa), motherfucka, son of a gun (Janet) (Janet) Gotta chip upon your shoulder I just knocked it off (oh) Show me what you gonna do (uh) I ain't bout to run (uh) You have just run out of ammunition (nigga right here) Shootin blanks now (uh) You son of a gun (Carly) Missy, Janet, Carly Repeat *Hook (Janet) Ha ha Hoo hoo Thought you'd get the money too Greedy mutherfuckers Try to have your cake and eat it too I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Janet Jackson f/ Carly Simon, Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Son of a Gun Remix 12" Song: Son of a Gun (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chant: Janet] Ha ha, hoo hoo, thought you'd get the money too Greedy motherfuckers try to have your cake and eat it too [Intro: P. Diddy] This... is... The... remix (Now, that's that shit right here) Bad Boy, baby Janet, J.J. (This goes out to all the clubs, ya feel me?) The one and only And you fine, Miss [Verse 1: Janet] Sharp shooter into breakin hearts A baby gigolo, a sex pistol Hollerin' at everythin that walks No substance just small talk Know why you feelin on that girl's behind You gotta sleezy - one track mind Working your work until you think you find Who's goin home with you tonight [Missy {P. Diddy}] (I) changed all the credit cards (and) switched the lock to all my doors (hehehe) You thought my heart would be destroyed (mmmm) Look around cuz I'm chillling boy (hehehe) Whatcha go and get your lawyers for I, makes my dough in just one show, you know Your lawyer shoulda let you know, you know When you sue me, ya gonna be broke you know Ain't know you way you could bring me down (easy) Any chick that you stick is real sleazy Before I need you, I betcha gon' need me You ain't want me anyway way, you wanted to be me What made you think I'd keep you around While I, work my ass off and you just lounge (huh?) You slump, bump, son of a gun And a, how much your worth? I think negative Don {This is the remix} [Hook: Janet (Missy)] Oh (oh), who you give it to Who you gonna steal it from Who's your next victim (the right, like) Oh (oh), who you gonna lie to Who you gonna cheat on Who you gonna leave alone (that's what I'm talking about) Oh (oh), what ya gonna tell her After she discovers You don't really love her Oh (oh), gonna be a showdown Knock down drag out Gunslinger shoot 'em up (shoot em' up) [Chorus: Janet & Carly {P. Diddy}] I betcha think this song is about you {Who you talkin' 'bout?} I betcha think this song is about you {Who you talkin' 'bout?} I betcha think this song is about you (yeah, yeah) {Who you talkin' 'bout?} I betcha think this song is about you Don't you {Who you talkin' 'bout?} Don't you Don't you Don't you [P. Diddy (overlaps last 2 lines)] They call me "Diddy" (It wasn't me!) Whatchu talkin' 'bout lawyers for? (It wasn't me!) Why you wanna change locks and doors? (It wasn't me!) Well, maybe it was, sure But you know tomorrow, you'll love me some more I'm back, another Visa, another set of keys We did this last week Ma, don't get ammnesia (Remember?) All this back and forth gotta quit And by the way, THIS IS THE REMIX! [Verse 2: Janet (Missy)] Sweatin me but I'm not your type You think you irk me and you're so right I'd rather keep the trash and throw you out Stupid bitch in my beach house Naw I ain't gone go and act a fool And be lead story on the nigga news Not me sucher I'll never be your lover I'm gonna make you suffer You stupid mutherfucker (ok baby?) [Missy] You musta thought you had game like nigga what Walk around like you down, you don't give a fuck Cause you don't really want beef until you hit the streets See, I ma lover, not a fighter but I'll crack ya teeth Boy, plea plea nah...don't bother me Cause when you had me, you ain't know how ta chill wit' me But now you up on dem knees, still jockin me But I ma say it real real, keep it real What da deal, how ya feel, is it ill, is it sick (Misdemeanor!!!!!!!!!!) Cause I da deal, still here with appeal and it's real Don't front cause boy I da shit [Missy singing] I'm doing better with out you, playa And I'm happy without you, playa [Missy rapping] And this song is about you, playa Muthafuckin' son of a gun (Janet) [Bridge: Janet (Missy)] Gotta chip upon your shoulder I just knocked it off (oh) Show me what you gonna do (uh) I ain't bout to run (uh) You have just run out of ammunition (nigga right here) Shootin blanks now (uh) You son of a gun Repeat Hook & Chorus Repeat Chant til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ Missy Elliott, Tweet Album: Pain is Love Song: X * Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * originally called "Ex" on "Violator the Album V2.0" [Ja Rule] C'mon, let's get Pop in love I know you pop-u-lar Admitted the club But I just wanna toss you up Before I Swallow you whole I need to wash it down Tell your girls Avion indulge you to hang out +Intoxicate me+ Free your mind Free my mind Freak all night It's evident When two worlds collide Your twice as hot Wet through The new extras Get you by in life High on life I wonder what Life would be like If no more Women were dykes And trick hard at low prices It's a cold, cold world (Yeah) How do we relieve that stress (Ex) You know Pop them thangs To get extra horny baby girl You on one You can't ignore me Rule and Missy-E How you love that With I-G It's Murda I-N-C, nigga (Hook) [Tweet] Hey (Hey boy) Get me high tonight Take me away (Take me) Come inside my world Come ectasy (Ectasy) Let me show you love Between you and me Let me love you boy [Missy Elliott] You want freak I love a lot of excitement I excite men I make 'em dirty and trifling I, been known to leave 'em frightening Stifling all in love By the end of the night And I, want a big "Don John" To pop a few of these And make the john last long Ex, now you can serve that Cuz no doubt it's murda Ya heard that (Hook) [Ja-Rule] Now that you got my feeling High to Heaven, knows Tight as the pussy holes So, Lord knows It stick to your ex-o Them hoes To freak shows [Tweet] You know how it goes Comin out of my clothes [Missy Elliott]  I'm coming outta my clothes  You better, dick me down  Then uh, turn me round  Then uh, lay me down  Cuz uh, You got me high a kite (Ja-Rule)  Yo, I scream your name tonight  [Ja Rule] (Tweet)  Let me take a look in your eyes  And see, and get in your eyes right, hypnotize like  The late B.I.G, hey (whoo, whoo, whoo, take me away, extasy)  Bitch!, please, pop a few of these  And make house calls on Ja rule twice a week, heh  (you and me, love you boy, yeah)  [Tweet 2x]  You got me high as a kite  Feel like doing something freaky tonight  When I think about you and me  Feels good when your sexing me  [Missy]  Ahw, ahw its murda!  [Hook 2x]  After 2nd time, variations  [Tweet 2x] (Missy)  You got me high as a kite  Feel like doing something freaky tonight  When I think about you and me  Feels good when your sexing me (ah, ah its murda!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Twista Album: Vol. 3... The Life and Times of S. Carter (Import) Song: Is That Yo Bitch? Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * * send corrections directy to the typist [Jay-Z] Uh, yo don't get mad at me I don't love 'em I fuck 'em I don't chase 'em I duck 'em I replace 'em with another one You had to see she keep calling me BIG And my name is Jay-Z She be all on my dick Gradually I'm taking over your bitch Coming over your shit Got my feet up on you sofa, man I mean a hostess for my open hand You coming home to beer shifts and there be soda cans I got your bitch in my Rover man I never kiss her, I never hold her hand In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man I'mma pimp her, it's over man It's over man, it's over man [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch [Jay-Z] Yo, yo.. why you home alone, why she out with me? Room 112, hotel balcony How she say Jay you can call the house for me? There's no respect at all You betta check her dawg She keep beggin' me to hit it raw So she can have my kids and say it was yours How foul is she? And you wifed her Shit, I put the rubber on tighter Sent her home, when she entered home You hugged her up What the fuck is up? She got you whipped, got your kids Got your home, but that's not your bitch You share that girl, don't let 'em hear daddy Earl It'll make 'em sick that his favorite chick Ain't saving it, unfaithful bitch [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them bitch [Jay-Z] Cool out homie You betta keep her away from my balling clique Keep her out of nightclubs all in the mix From hanging out with chicks who be swallowing dicks From catz who order Cris play the floor with the Knicks It can only lead to something unfortunate Hot boy like Jigga man scorch your bitch Play the floor dot Jigga man go first Then we all rock till we all hot You know the boy from the Roc got them whores on lock Got the bitches in the smash Making yours drive fast Do we get more cash than the average nigga? All dem hoes like damn I gotta have this nigga Cause I'mma hot black, how in the hell can you stop that You can fuck mine How the hell can you knock that? I'm just playing the cards choosenly Jigga man who ya supposed to be? [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them bitch [Twista] Tha Jigga and Twista got 'em screaming Like a demon fiending for the semen Chrome gleaming like the dome off Keenan Gone while I'm leanin' smoking I'm whip it in the stomach Your bitch on the passenger side of me flashing your money Why you acting so funny? You know she been flirting while your working Behind the curtain knuckles jerking for certain Poppin' that pussy Sweatin' till no fluid is left When I come in the party with J we gonna do it to death You gon' ruin your rep Trippin' while we pimpin' these hefers Playa lectures got me shining like a new Gator stepper Must have been mad When your ho put my stuff in the dash Bust in her ass To climax I come up with a nab The game don't stop Legit ballers bending up the block Niggas rushing, coming at us cause of status and props Sucking and fucking, loving it when I put tha dick up inside her Can't help it if she yellin' with a ridah [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she paging him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Jay and them, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Missy Elliott Album: Cole World: The Sideline Story Song: Nobody's Perfect Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, PDog1217@aol.com [Intro: J. Cole] Hey, oh yeah, Cole World Uh, oh yeah, yeah [J. Cole] This is for all the fans that waited, the bitch niggaz that hated Old hoes we dated, look momma we made it Your son out in Barbados, cheese eggs and potatoes Smokin weed on the beaches, my mind workin like Platos Analyzin the world, fantasizin 'bout girls I'm handin diamonds and pearls and vandalizin her curls Sweatin her weave out, moans as she breathes out Fuck I'm doin in parties with Hova and Steve Stoute I've stepped, over piranhas, death over dishonor They killin niggaz for J's, that's death over designer And Cole heatin up like that leftover lasagna Remember when I used to be stressed over Dawana? Now a nigga only text and get stressed over Rihannas I'm talkin tens and better, hood bitches in Timbs and sweaters And we always argue 'bout the same thing Hey tell me why we gotta argue 'bout the same thing, same thing? Well [Chorus: Missy Elliott] Nobody's perfect, uhh, nobody's perfect, ayy Ayy, uhh, ay but you're perfect for me Nobody's perfect, uhh, nobody's perfect, ayy .. Ay but you're perfect for me We rollin, we ridin, he like to go, inside and I love to go, all night and, we rock the boat, Poseidon I love to call, yo' name, name, name Hey baby I love to call yo' name, name, name ay [J. Cole] Oh yeah, to my college girl, take the weekend off and come home soon I graduated way too long ago to be sneakin all in yo' dorm room But, that thing tight like Fort Knox, so I call you when the tour stops But baby where your roommates? Did you make sure the door's locked? She love it when we get together, smoke a lil' weed but her shit together Now that I'm on I can pick and choose, only fuck with hoes who got shit to lose Yeah I heard the stories 'bout different dudes, her man on campus but it's fine by me She say she only fucked like fo' or five niggaz, so you know you gotta multiply by three The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jodeci f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Timbaland Album: The Show, The After-Party, The Hotel Song: Bring On Da Funk Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [DeVante] Stick em' uh uh uh uh uh, yeah [Jodeci] I beeped you, baby ya have to clear me from the dance floor Trying to look in my window, but you just couldn't see me though You attracted me with all your body, uh do you wanna roll with me Through uptown [Timbaland] All I got is that old funk So let it bang and boom in ya trunk Girl I know that's what you want, that, that funk [Jodeci] I know you want it, and you know I got it baby Anything you want from me baby Girl if you want it, just come get it from me Anything you want from me, I'm trying to tell you bring on that funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, now [K-Ci] Now you know, you really do fit my steelo You can flow, I just got to know Do you wanna roll with me, sweet lady in my Jeep Let's keep it all discreet, I'm just a simple freak babe [Timbaland] All I got is that old funk So let it bang and boom in ya trunk Girl I know that's what you want, that funk, that funk All I got is that old funk So let it bang in ya trunk Girl I know that's what you want, uh that funk [Jodeci] Girl if you want it, just come get it from me Anything you want from me, I'm trying to tell you bring on that funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, bring on da funk Bring on da funk, now [Mr. Dalvin] Yeah, bring it on, cause we be gettin' freaky Cause we be gettin' freaky Cause we gettin' down Cause we gettin' down Cause we gettin' down And we be gettin' [Missy (singing) -1] Jodeci funk, that's what it is, ooh Gotta get into you Jodeci funk, that's what it is, ooh Gotta get into you, ooh ooh [Mr. Dalvin with Timbaland rapping along] We be kickin' at the parties and the after-parties So baby bring ya bodies She be gettin' smacked a lot, slapped a lot [Mr. Dalvin with Missy singing 1 in background; repeat to fade] Cause we be gettin' down And we be gettin' down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jodeci f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Diary of a Mad Band Song: Sweaty Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [DeVante] So what chu' sayin' baby [Missy] Miggity, mix check one, two get ready uh huh I'ma get with Red, while I sex ya get sweaty huh Mix check one, two get ready uh huh I'ma get with Red, while I sex ya get sweaty huh Mix check one, two get ready uh huh I'ma get with Red, while I sex ya get sweaty huh [DeVante] So what chu' sayin' baby [Missy] Miggity, mix check one, two get ready uh huh I'ma get with Red, while I sex ya get sweaty huh Mix check one, two get ready uh huh I'ma get with Red, while I sex ya get sweaty huh Mix check one, two get ready uh huh I'ma get with Red, while I sex ya get sweaty huh [K-Ci] Your body's lookin' so fine girl, so baby walk this way Come to check out all my lines girl, sure that I can make you pay Come and talk for a minute and I can surely make you smile Then you can jump right in it, I know I've heard it for awhile [Chorus: Jodeci & Missy x2] Girl I'm ready (Girl I'm ready) To get nasty (Wanna get nasty) Said you wanna get freaky But are you ready to get sweaty (HUH! SO KEEP IT GOIN') [DeVante & Jo-Jo] I'll make ya, sweaty Girl I'll make ya, sweaty Girl I'll make ya, sweaty [K-Ci] Ooh, I know you like to have fun girl, I know you like to catch vet You know that I'll be the one girl to make you love the sex I'll give you all that you can take girl, if you go all the way We don't ever have to break girl, cause I ain't hit you all day [Chorus x2] [Jodeci] You can come play for awhile, for awhile, for awhile Girl I know you will sweat my style, sweat my style You can come play for awhile, for awhile Girl I know you'll leave with a smile [Chorus x2] [* Phone Ringing *] [DeVante] Mr. Dalvin, pick up [Mr. Dalvin (Rap)] Ah, whoa, whoa, whoa girl I got ya sweat I got the Trojan keep me strap And let me freak the funky body all the way down to Manhattan, uh In ya thang, we jet, we out the way I'm doin' my thing I hurt ya feelings so good ya might think I'm kind of strange, what yes But anyway it's Mr. Dalvin on the case I got ya drippin from ya ankles, from ya thighs, to ya freakin' face We're good and ready when all ya want is sweaty Let me run around the party, just like I be witcha dirty, uh [Chorus x2] [Jodeci & Missy ad-libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jodeci f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Diary of a Mad Band Song: Won't Waste You Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [People Talking] Yo what's up K, what's up dog (Hey) It's cool man, yo what's been goin' on with you man Look K, you know everything that's been goin' on, what's up baby What's up, so what's up man, Nothin' just the same girl that gave me a tatoo last weekend Well, yeah I heard that, she got it goin' on Won't waste your time, I won't waste your time Don't play with my mind, don't play with my mind Won't waste your time, I won't waste your time Don't play with my mind, don't play with my mind [K-Ci] Ooh, last night I called you on the phone Sounded like you had an attitude with me Do you want me to leave you alone If so, like a bird I will set you free I won't NO! I won't waste your time So girl don't play with my mind (Do what you wanna do) Do what you wanna do (Don't cha' play me like a fool) Just don't play me like a fool [K-Ci] Was it something I said or something I done Ya know I would do anything for you Just last week we were having fun Now all of a sudden you wants to be so cruel, oh oh oh I won't waste your time (I won't waste your time, no no) So girl don't play with my mind (Don't cha', don't cha' play with me) Do what you wanna do (Do what you wanna do baby) Just don't play me like a fool (Don't waste no time) [Jodeci] You know time is too precious girl (Yes it is, yes it is) So we gotta do, what we gotta do (Yeah) You know games are not for me no, no (No, no) If you want, I can play them too (I won't waste your time, no) I won't waste your time (Oh) So girl don't play with my mind (Hey) Do what you wanna do (Do what you wanna do with me baby) Just don't play me like a fool (Don't cha' play me like ya fool) [Missy] Black sugar, the man gets enough of this stuff, it's good nigga Give me, give me hey, yeah, they got the fingers Up, up me ass but bigger black sugar Big up, big up BUMP! BUMP! black sugar Cats get enough of this stuff, it's good nigga Give me, give me hey, yeah, they got the fingers Up, up me ass but bigger black sugar Big up, big up BUMP! BUMP! Give me the day, give me the day, I'm freestyler Breakin' through the place, black sugar on she prowla Just because I'm far, plenty gent-men gets angry Bucks and bucks, in my butt and then ya take me, ooh baby Help me, help me, help me 9-1-1 honey Check for respect and a nine for me gun, son I don't really wanna hurt no one Me just wanna break a few bones when I'm done [Chorus with various ad-libs] to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Knoc-turn'al f/ Dr. Dre, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: LA Confidential Presents...Knoc-turn'al Song: The Knoc Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Whatchu want? Whatchu want? Get off me [Knoc] I pull quick, it's useless [Knoc] I'm fully clipped, 6 fo' fully dipped [Knoc] Throw chrome whip with three freaks and full hips with firm tits [Dr.D] Yeah we fully chipped, been on gangsta shit [Dr.D] It's ruthless, drunk off two fifths [Dr.D] Who make hits? (Dre) [Knoc-turn'al] Who we wit? (Knoc) Westcoast parties don't stop Who drop head-boppers? (The head doctor, bed-rocker) Police pursue me in squad cars and helicopters Checkin lockers, Mexican connect to play soccer PH's and cockblockers Ho-hoppers, weez niggaz is off the rocker Sippin cranberry juice on rocks with vodka With 'Pac and Poppa, and Redd Foxx's doctor (for real?) Takin names and takin orders Ya fake ya name, and I'm all up on ya Nigga that's Cali-fornia Palm trees and 6-3's on deez Rims dip to make the spokes gold-a Slangin boulders, thought I told ya True soldiers, comin from the motherfuckin shoulders (WOOP!) [Hook: Missy Elliott] Take it ea-say! (ea-say) Cuz it's the motherfuckin KNOC! Hotter than yo' block fulla motherfuckin COPS! Bow down when ya see me! Knoc the truth best believe it! Take it ea-say! (ea-say) Cuz it's the motherfuckin KNOC! Hotter than a freak who givin head who won't STOP! Bow down when ya pass thru! Knoc-turn'al God damn you! [Knoc-turn'al] What's the difference between us? (Nah not that again) New songs, and new cars, and new broads, and new thongs On Crenshaw Boulevard - Line 'em up at the bar Girl you know who we are, hip-hop superstars Roll deep? Nah, we roll hard and deep Bogart yo beef get the fuck off my street Getcha motherfuckin ass beat L.A., Compton, Long Beach, whooptie-whoop nigga what? I don't give a fuck Hustlers, hood-rats, sick-ass thugs - Crips and Bloods (Hell nigg-uh!) All my real niggaz raise it up Nuttin but dubs, you got a sack, nigga what? Blaze it up [Hook: Missy Elliott] [Knoc-turn'al] Bitch you ain't 'bout shit, my bad Turn off the lights, don't trip Give a nig' some ack right and act like.. You might.. lick balls tonight Girls all pause, hell nah, girls drop draws on site Do drugs, shroom cups, smoke bud, all night That's right, I like.. bi-sexual women, fuck dykes Suck dick? No, but your father might Fuckin hermaphrodite! Duck the IRS, fuckin Howard Stern's wife In traffic, bitch gave me head in real life L.A. city lights, C.A. get it right Westcoast on the grind, these niggaz done lost they minds Straight loungin in the sunshine Here's one thing you bitch niggaz must know Fuck you! Please believe that, and I mean that [Hook: Missy Elliott] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lady Sovereign f/ Missy Elliott Album: Public Warning Song: Love Me or Hate Me (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lady Sovereign] Yeah!! It's officially the biggest midget in the game I dunno... Make way for the S-O-Veeeeeeeee! [Chorus: repeat 2X] Love me or hate me, it's still an obsession Love me or hate me, that is the question If you love me then - thank you If you hate me then - fuck you! [Missy Elliott] I'm ridin like a Range Rover, bitch move over Wear mo' ice than the bears in the polar Off my shoulders - ice, baby Don't the jewelry look - nice, baby I don't really give a WHAAAT I tell 'em all they can kiss my BUTT I got three groupies up in the CLUB And they payin for the tab, pick it UP I'm a lover, I don't need to fight Give me time and I'll blow your mind If you give me two secs to blow your mind Yeah five plus five, yeah, I'm a dime Yeah I got twelve cars and I'm a star, okay kay? Them seven digits numbers that's the cash in my baaaank I write, I sing, and I do my, do my, do my thing I dance, romance, and Lady Sovereign tell 'em how it is [Lady Sovereign] Stars whine, hand to the side Came roll up like addy ap's freestride No one got craps like mine When I step you see that shit shine Why not show flesh boy I'm so fresh to death But when I wake up early early I got that dirty mornin breath Whoops! My slap in the face again My friend don't get offended, mm-kay? I'm the realest girl in the game and no I ain't pretendin Yeah I got no car but I'm a star okay? Them seven digits numbers well umm, they're not that far away Alright, I don't sing, but I do my thing I don't dance, I just grin, it's the alien Sovereign [Lady Sovereign] Love me or hate me, love me or hate me Love me or hate me.. ah ha ha HA!!! [repeat 2X] So I can't dance and I really can't sing, yeah I can only do one thing and that's be Lady Sovereign [Chorus] - 2X [repeat 2X] Love me or hate me, love me or hate me Love me or hate me, love me or hate me... I can only do one thing and that's be Lady Sovereign The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Levert f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: The Whole Scenario Song: Keys to My House Typed by: flashbox222@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Missy Elliott] (spoken) Huh one two yeah yeah uh Mr. Menor whatcha gon' do? (whatcha gon' do?) I'ma break it down I'ma break it down downtown (ooh ooh ooh) Mr. Menor whatcha gon' do? I'ma break it down, down one two (rap) I think I'm tipsy off the whiskey Ooh nippey out my doe Hand me my goose think I'm cute I get my hair done, done on the reguly Perm cut the ends So the ends won't be shaggly Ready or not uh I think I'm hot Pop (pop) nigga ugh feel the shots Hop to the sto' fo' some mo' Want some really tho'? Gotta smoke my hydro [Levert] We're just foolin around Now it's time to settle down It's time to let all the women know That I gotta let them go 'Cause it's all about you and the things you do I just can't forget your ways girl You're cooler than the shade That's why You can get the keys to my house Anything to satisfy you If you got a man then you can kick him out 'Cause I'm that guy for you [repeat Chorus] There's no girl like you that I have ever seen Type in a magazine Every man's dream I've got a thing for you Tell me what should I do Should I proceed to give you what you need That's why [Chorus] x2 Oh boy won't you spend the night with me Spend the night with me Said it'll be so nice if you'll spend the night with me Spend the night with me Spend the night with me don't care what we do Just as long as I'm with you [Chorus] x6 to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Missy Elliott Album: La Bella Mafia Song: (When Kim Say) Can You Hear Me Now? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kim] Can you hear me now? [Lil' Kim] All of a sudden, everybody wan' bang with us Don't they know them Gotti kids are dangerous? Come come now, y'all need to stop Niggaz better hold they head 'fore they body rock I got, soldiers in every town That'll come see y'all like "Black Hawk Down" I ain't playin with you motherfuckers (RAAAAAAID!) I'm sprayin you motherfuckers If gettin money is a crime, then I confess Ain't about money? I could care less When you see us comin know it's time to collect Niggaz be like, "Here come the IRS!" Kick down doors, shoot through walls Queen Bee's a movement, fight for the cause Got a bite that's bigger than "Jaws" With or without my boys, I still make noise [Chorus: Missy Elliott] New York - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" That's when y'all turn it up Midwest - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" That's when y'all burn it up L.A. - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" Y'all make them cars jump Dirty South - when Kim say, "Can you hear me now?" That's when y'all get it crunk! [Lil' Kim] My last album, some of y'all wasn't ready for it Alright, I slow it up, put the brakes on for ya I know what I'm doin, I ain't losin my mind I'm just so advanced I'm ahead of my time You all stuck at the back, I'm ahead of the line Even in the dark, I'm still gon' shine You'll see what I mean in 2009 I kick outer space raps - ILL RHYMES Live guitars, nigga fuck cars I'm tryin to buy a spaceship to get to Mars Look out the window, and reach for the stars It's a new day, Lil' Kim's in charge Got a big dick, I'll bone you out Like money in the bank, loan you out If you ain't straight I'll comb you out Lil' Kim and Scott Storch be zonin out! [Lil' Kim] Ain't wanna do it, but now I got to pop my collar You actin like y'all real tough act to follow I got medallions the size of a half a dollar And about to buy my best friend a beauty parlor I know y'all don't wanna see Kim on top Please stop worryin about what I got What the fuck y'all know about the {?} I rock When I'm cookin, keep your hands out my pot Them boys ain't bad and ain't no bitch greater Stop tryin to use me as a respirator I'm the same bitch on the escalator And I still ain't got no time for you fuckin haters I might start my day at Piarage' Or with a Mafia meetin at the Brooklyn Cafe "Okay, y'all wanna play?" Like 9/11, you gon' remember this day [Missy] New York - "Can you hear me now?" Midwest - "Can you hear me now?" L.A. - "Can you hear me now?" Dirty South - "Can you hear me now?" "Can you hear me now?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim, Missy, Angie Martinez, Da Brat, Left Eye Album: Nothing to Lose soundtrack/Not Tonight 12" Song: Ladies Night (Not Tonight remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {dice shakin} Uhh {dice thrown} yeah Uhh, here's another one, and another one Yeah Lil' Kim, the Queen Bee Verse One: Angie Martinez, Lil' Kim It's ladies night what, it must be Angie on the mic The Butter P honey got the sugar got the spice Roll the L's tight, keep the rhymes right Yo I just made this motherfucker up last night And uhh... I'm the rookie on this all-star team Me and Kim is gettin cream, like Thelma and Louise but on chrome, never leave that Brooklyn shit alone So if you say it's on then it's on Bang this in your whips Pack em call the roadie with the chips in the wrists Here's a french kiss *kissing sound* I dismissed all you chicks split six from the four-fifth Make you dance, ooowwww I stay focused, in the dopest Like a penny with a hole in it, y'all just hopeless And toke this, I ain't lye-in Niggaz tryin to knock me off, keep tryin All it takes is one phone call to my street team Promote that ass, like a soundtrack New Jack Ci-tay  Set It Off with the eighty-fitay Y'all missin the buck, with the fuck Bump Biggie in the trunk and the buck to my thorough bitches Lemme see ya do tha bankhead if ya richest It's the rap Mae West to Q-B And I got all my sisters with me Chorus: Oh this is ladies night, and our rhymes is tight Oh this is ladies night, oh what a night (oh what a night) Oh this is ladies night, and the feel is right  Oh this is ladies night, oh what a night (oh what a night) Verse Two: Left Eye Uhh, never the one, packin a gun Got some other raw chicks for that, lay your ass flat I be the one chockin ya paragraphs, with laughs Getcha back up on the right path Ain't no stoppin me ladies from club hoppin gets my rock on From flavors still frozen at Paradise joint Booty shakin with the glass in my left one Right hand sayin step-son To me my girls is fancy fly bitches Too my niggaz straight snitches, to them other chicos Lady pimp ain't havin that shit If you ain't got the cash to stash, suck my dick hoes Strictly a bell ringer  Lay another finger on this big bad one miss lady rap singer I be the one to blame as the flames keep risin To the top and it don't stop Chorus Verse Three: Da Brat Y'all see, how these bogus niggaz try not to notice the dopest bitches Approachin with good intentions but focusin on they riches If it's, too hot then get the fuck up out the kitchen Niggaz dicks, stay lifted when they thinkin of me Cause the rhythm I kick, puzzle them like arithe-ma-tic Fillin em with, sluggers off the nine milli luger click Bitches bust, we just, keep kickin up dust And you can spread rumors shit is makin me sicker than head tumors Humor me, by huggin me sayin you lovin me Playa phony niggaz be buggin, I can tell cause the thug in me wanna sell drugs and push keys Need to get me mo' of deez, VV's and M3's  Smoke weed from overseas pimped out styled Rol-eys Fuck the police keep my wallet obese Who the, Windy City woman still still comin and gunnin Straight from the Chi Tonight's the night for all the ladies, let's get high! Chorus Verse Four: Missy Aiyyo Kim, heheh, yaknowhatI'msayin ? I ain't even gon' leave without sayin sun'un on this track You ain't gonna use me to just be singin hooks What I look like? Patti LaBelle or somebody nigga? Heheh Check it out, uh huh, yeah Oh what a night  You should be like Missy 'stead of bein like Mike I like to ride pony's instead of ridin bikes Me and Lil' Kim got the rhymes to incite  I gotta catch a flight Aheheh, round three and shit Niggaz can't see us from Elektra to Undeas  Aaaaoooowwww niggaz wanna be us Heh I'm out he, ooh *ladies night, ladies night...* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Mo f/ Missy Elliott, Naam Album: Based on a True Story Song: Club 2G Typed by: flashbox222@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Naam] Ay yo, my man You gon' have to back up If you don't back up Ain't nobody gettin' in here We 'bout to shut the doors down Back it up, back it up right now Ay look, I need two lines We got to form two lines or nobody's gettin' in And there'll be no pushin', and no shovin' Two lines, ladies on this side Males on this side [Lil' Mo] We up in this piece, as if it were the last time Club year 2G, where we party like it's '99 Yo, it's off the heez Everybody tryin' to get inside Yo, it's not about beef Cuz we gon' tear the club up 1 - [Lil' Mo] (Ladies) Up in this club, a nigga will buy you drinks (Fellas) Up in this club, girls don't stick guys for free (Everybody) Up in this club, it could be hats, Timbers and jeans [Missy Elliott] Westside, throw it up C'mon, c'mon Eastside, show some love C'mon, c'mon [Lil' Mo] Yo, where's my peeps? Cuz it's 1:15, and on the scene We're V.I.P., and Chrystal is flowin' like a stream Now it's time to leave Cuz we all ready to be out now Now it's time to meet Laurie and them at the waffle house Repeat 1 [Lil' Mo] If you ain't come with nobody You can still leave with somebody And we top off whatever You know it's that type of party Even if you think you ain't flossin' Your car may not be the hottest There's somethin' 'bout love, don't ya hear me Everybody got all night to party [Naam] See you sittin' at the bar, and I'ma send a bottle down Swallow down, a little liquor and livin' It is fully shit I'm spittin' to women, ahem Alcohol, gettin' it in 'em, soon as I approach 'em My niggaz, I coach 'em, show 'em how a Don do True ???? bitch, I'll find you Out the bar, shit I got paper to blow In case you ain't know, you dealin' with Naam and Lil' Mo, uh oh She makin' me hot, them lips and her thong print, uh We all at the bar, and we all bent Listen here, I'm lovin' the smell from your Cartier Let me holla somethin' in your ear If you lookin' for a little more than a one night stand Then I don't really think Sunny Black's the man Forget your man, baby we can make new plans If your heart's broke, I can fix it with my bare hands 2G baby! [Lil' Mo] To my peoples up north, where you at? To my peoples down south, I know you feelin' that To my folks out west, throw it up To my peoples in the east, show some love To my people all over the world Tear the roof off, it's about to burn (burn, baby, burn) Cuz we gon' bawitdaba, da bang da bang Diggy to up jumps the boogie, to the bang, bang, boogie da B Repeat 1 to fade [Missy Elliott] Westside, throw it up C'mon, c'mon Eastside, show some love C'mon, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Mo f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliot Album: Five Minutes 12" Song: Five Minutes Typed by: ReDrUm@coolemail.com [Missy]  Yes  You have just entered  The year 2000  And they've just arrived  Ready to take us outer space  To another planet  Where there's only one club  And one disco, ooh  And they wanna show us how  Heh heh, they boogie, uhh  [Lil' Mo]  Got a strange call from a girl  In the midst of the night, uh huh  She said you better call your man  Cause he sleepin' right here tonight  So I put on my coat  And my hat and then put on my shoes, yeah yeah  I said bitch don't you move  Cause I'll be seeing you soon  It only took me  Chorus  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  [Lil' Mo]  Saw a few scratches on my car  Just the other day, yeah yeah yeah  Neighbor around my way  Said she saw you drivin' away  So I put two together  And I found myself ready to go, whoa whoa  Before she even knew it  I was comin' down the road  It only took me  Chorus  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  Bridge  Be a hoe  I'm kickin' you up out the door  I hope you know  Like Coolio, you gotta go  Don't even think  I'm gonna let you hang around  Got your drawz down  Lookin' stupid like a clown  Be a hoe  I'm kickin' you up out the door  I hope you know  Like Coolio, you gotta go  Don't even think  I'm gonna let you hang around  Got your drawz down  Lookin' stupid like a clown  Chorus  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  In five minutes, I was knockin' at the door  In two minutes, I had her on the floor  In one minute, I was fightin' wit' my man  Yes I did it, and I told his tail to scram  [Missy]  Freaky freaky  Freaky freaky  Yes, eh heh  It's the year 2000  And they will be back  To take us to outer space  To their planet  Where there's only one club  Where there's only one disco  And you know what they wanna show us  Ooh, you know what they wanna show us  How they boogie (yo, yo, yo)  [Lil' Mo]  Yo, don't know what they told you, but  They done told you wrong  Bet I go back and tell 'em again  And make sure you here it all  Don't come up in my Mellinium talkin' bout  Girl, this my song  If you don't know how to bounce to this  Then try to play it off  It's just like a movie, everybody wanna see  In the 2 G, how she dress like me  They say "Who's she?", she's fly as can be  Got a groupie, off a hoochie  I got lucci, mad cheese in the bank  And my crew be, straight flossin' wit' me  Even Hootie, wanna Blow like me  Heard he wanna be a Lil' mo like me, what  [Missy]  Uh, uh uh uh, uh uh uh  Check it out now, uh uh uh, uh uh uh uh  Break it down now, uh uh uh, uh uh uh uh  Ah heh he The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Mo f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Based on a True Story Song: Starstruck Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Mo] This song goes out to that boy Who used to laugh at me! Pull my hair, snap on my gear Yeah shouldn't have wrote this song But laugh now baby, laugh now Oh, oh you used to play me like minimum wage Played me out like a high top fade You weren't try-na hear nothing I had to say And ooh you used to laugh at my little shape My DNA was flatter than pancakes Now you say I'm off the chain And I blow you away 1 - Cause back in the day  You wasn't try-na see me  Now you got so much to say  Could it be the money?  Could it be the videos?  Could it be the fly cars?  Could it be you want me cause baby you're just star struck? Now you be try-na get backstage My, my look at how things have changed, hey What can I say? What can I say? I done growed up and filled out in every place Now you want to be in my face You want to get up in my DNA Cause you see I'm paid Repeat 1 I know that you're Bentley wannabe on my squad Cause you see we're rolling deep But too bad you can't be down with me Sorry, sorry If you had a been much more good to me When I, I was nothing Don't sweat my technique Cause you wanna be down with me [Mo](Missy) I know, I know You wanna be down For sure, for sure I know, I know (Yo) You wanna be down (No, no...) For sure, for sure [Missy Elliott] I'm the bitch like I told ya Why you all up in my grill like I know ya? And them styles that you kick I did before ya All that junk that ya talkin' ya need to slow it up I used to be a nobody till I blowed up Every show that I do a million shows up They say Missy how you've done tore up I blow through like a vroom bulldozer Soldier, make it hot like a solar I break it down, break it down to the floor uh Smell musty motherfucker naw show ya The funky feeling worth a million and some more Gettin' tipsy off of Henney then I throw it up I call home BLING BLING got me shining up Call Mo BLING BLING then I shine it up I keep a fo' for life then nail when it's time to fuck Star struck! Repeat 1 (2x) Ow! Yeah, yeah Laugh now baby Laugh now baby, uh-huh Laugh now baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Loon Song: Hey Woo Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * *send corrections to the typist [Intro - Missy Elliott - talking] Oh (what you got player) Oh (ah, uh) Oh (ah, uh huh) Hey yo Loon Yo, when these chicks see a nigga with some hot shit I'ma help yo ass out on what a bitch think when a nigga got some cheddar Girls be like (A LOON)! Take that, get money, cars, player That's that act innocent get his credit card for his info (ah) For her and some friends You need to be careful playboy You fine as shit, but um These chicks got game like Michael Jordon, okay Pump the cheap talk, I'ma just let the beat knock What you got [Verse 1 - Loon] Yeah I see you girl, why you lookin at me And why your man in the club lookin trigger happy It's a shame you don't hear me though And I'm far from a lame, I'ma gigolo I get paid just to spit the flow And I can't even explain when I get at yo You know how long I've been gettin dough? Used to rock full length mink with the finger low (okay) Yep that's my forte, and chicks know Loon best at foreplay I get hugs and kisses all day, trips to Norway, sip Crisses all day (woo) Plus wrists be all gray, plus five speed shiftin all day And my mind is right, if you ain't about no money, better find a life, aight [Chorus - Missy Elliott] - w/ ad libs (Hey Woo) Boy that's what them hoes say When they tell that money in your pocket, okay (Hey Woo) They be like (woo) Credit cards and calls they go (Hey Loon) (Woo) Baby that's what them chicks say When they see a superstar ridin in the fast lane (Woo) They be like (woo) Now who that there? (Female voice: Oh girl, that's Loon) [Verse 2 - Loon] Uh, check it out yo, check it out now Why's you all on me, friends is all on me Pissy drunks spillin alcohol on me Tried to split but the chick keep callin me Cause I be everything a baller be Please believe me, my team is cheesy Please be easy, me and Pee Wee easily Like 'em red bone, short and sleezy Get my second cup, start talkin greezy We come consistent, young, relentless No resistance, girls run from distance When we come through, pimp hard like Michigan And sip Dom, wrists armed, we glistenin This chick on, this Dom, got Mrs. and They silk on, that non new trenches and High heel stilettos, I feel so ghetto But switch to soft, couldn't get them off me [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - P. Diddy] Hey yo, can I get some of this playboy They call me Diddy Yo when I come in the club I go hard All black shapar, girls all on me like German shapar Latest fashion from Hermain and tar When the hell you gon' learn I'ma star? P.D. back up for par Dolce jar Girls and Bob dog, what's up with the bar Midori forty-five degrees with cigar (uh huh) V.I.P., B.I.G. here we are (that's right) Bad Boy maxim with all of our splendor Got some real shit for all y'all pretenders Harlem heartthrob that's shock when it's slender Flow like August, with arms like December Twelve years playboy got more to remember Been bounce back since that fall on a ninja Ladies wanna see me fall and just timber Bad Boy go home, what y'all don't remember [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Missy Elliott - talking] C'mon Okay, you found me player You know where I'm comin from (Hey Woo) Haha, you got that paper nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Demi Lovato f/ Missy Elliott, Timbaland Album: Unbroken Song: All Night Long Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Demi Lovato] I love the way you're talking I'm lovin what you're doing, boy I don't fall easy often I've never had a love like you before I like you, put your number, put your number in my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone, yeah You heard me right so call me, call me when you're all alone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone [Chorus: Demi Lovato] Don't make plaaaaaaans C'mon with me, we'll stay up all night long I want you, and I want you baaaaaaaaad Let's keep the party goin all night long Let's keep the party goin all night long (Hey!) All night long (Hey!), all night long (Hey!), all night, all night All night long (Hey!), all night long (Hey!), all night, all night Ah-ah-ah-all night! [Demi Lovato] I'm on another planet I'm in another universe You may not understand it Sooner or later baby you will learn I like you, put your number, put your number in my phone phone phone phone phone phone phone, yeah You heard me right so call me, call me when you're all alone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone 'lone [Missy Elliott] We could party all night night, wanna spend a night night? Will you be my type? By the end of the night we could pillow fight Yo' Missy's real nice, come closer cause I don't bite You talkin how I like, you play daddy, I play wife I-I-I'm so alone, no-no-no one is home I got yo', got yo' na-na-number in my telephone Wanna wanna wanna be ya gurl, wanna wanna wanna be my man Boy we can hold hands, write our names in the sands It's the weekend, don't make plans [Timbaland] (Demi Lovato) Party start - (when you're here) After dark - (we don't care) {*both*} We gon' set it off, we-we gon' set it off Party start - (when you're here) After dark - (we don't care) {*both*} We gon' set it off, we-we gon' set it ah-ah-off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LSG f/ Missy "Misdemenor" Elliot Album: My Body 12" Song: My Body (remix) Body 2000 Watts Under the sun [Missy] You all over my body See we could do dat, we could do dat You could put dat down on my Kitty Kat Just lemme know where you wanna get it at Lemme lemme see what a brotha' workin' wit If ya got the energy to hit it like a bat See I could take it like a pro, you know Sock it to me now, do ya feel me now Say it clear and loud, do you hear dat See if you want me, then come and git Tie a leash around yo neck, I'm your favorite pet See I don't know if you wit all dat But I'm sick and tired if the chitter chat Let me get in back of the hatchback, or the Cadillac Is you wit dat Is you wit dat Is you wit dat Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Pickey pickey pickey pickey Yeah, yeah, yeah Pickey pickey pickey pickey [LSG] In the middle of the night When my body's feeling for you, baby Gotta call you up and let you know It's what I'm feeling, baby Nine one one zero zero twenty-four Baby it's an emergency I'm calling cuz gotta have some more How would you like if I lay you down (If I lay you down, yeah) Would you like it if I was to sex you down I can't think about nothing else Your scent, you lace me with your love It ain't no secret girl Your body fits me like a glove My body all over your body, babe (Baby, it's your body, babe) Your body all over my body, babe (All over your body baby) My body all over your body It's your body, baby (It's yours all over, over your body babe) My body all over your body, babe (It's your body, yeah) Your body all over my body, babe (I cling to your body, baby) My body all over your body (Baby, it's your body, babe) (You all over my body) Oh, it's your body babe (You all over my body) Wanna fill you up 'til your river flows all over me Wanna feel your precious treasure wrapped around me oh so tightly In, out, I wanna hear you shout Won't you come on baby let me break you off I guarentee I'll turn you out How would you like if I lay you down Would you like it if I was to sex you down Baby girl stop fighting you know you want me just like I want you Never had a lover that would do the things that Johnny can do My body all over your body, babe (It's your, yeah) Your body all over my body, babe (Said it's your body) My body all over your body It's your body, babe  (It's yours body, babe) All over my body babe  (My body) My body all over your body, babe (Said it feels so good) Your body all over my body, babe (Said it feels so nice, so nice) My body all over your body (It's your body, babe) Oh, it's your body baby And I really wanna sex your body And I really wanna sex your body You all over my body And I really wanna And I really wanna And I really wanna sex your body And I really wanna sex your body You all over my  You, you, you all over my body And I really wanna sex your body And I really wanna sex your body (Sexy body) And I really wanna And I really wanna And I really wanna sex your body And I really wanna sex your body You all over my body All over my body babe Baby, it's your body My body all over your body, babe  (My body all over your body) Your body all over my body, baby (Could you feel me, baby) My body all over your body (Oh, yeah) It's your body, babe All over your body, baby (Give me your body, baby) My body all over your body (All over your body) Your body all over my body) (It's all I need, all I want) (Can't you feel me) My body all over your body (Oh, baby, it's your body, baby) Oh, it's your body, babe Feel me, your body And I really wanna sex your body And I really wanna sex your body You all over my body See we could do dat We could do dat And I really wanna sex your body And I really wanna sex your body You all over my body You, you all over my You all over my You all over my body See we could do dat We could do dat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ Missy Elliott Album: American Life 12" Song: American Life (American Dream Remix) Typed by: jrrogers@eastlink.ca * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Madonna] + (Missy Elliott) Do I have to change my name? (Uh) Will it get me far? Should I lose some weight? (Uh) Am I gonna be a star? [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] Missy and Madonna boy, ain't nothin' better Hotter than fat bitches dancin' in a sweater Madonna am I okay skinny or fatter When I rap on this track *sniff* all I smell is cheddar You and I together, yo' we're tougher than leather Make pop artists scatter when we talk chit-chatter It really don't matter what time of day or weather Or who's ass really fatter, my kadunk-kadunk badder A rap so sick, won't stop, won't quit All on my dick, like my name was 50 Cent, G-Unit! I come with the heat, see my hits Sound so sweet, Missy ain't pissy Is you dizzy, is you with me Tip me when you see me, 'cause you tryna get with me Madonna bring the drama, oh mama that's trauma Tougher than armor for your papa and your mama [Verse 2: Madonna] + (Missy Elliott) I tried to be a boy, I tried to be a girl I tried to be a mess, I tried to be the best I guess I did it wrong, that's why I wrote this song This type of modern life, is it for me? I'd like to express my extreme point of view I'd like to express my extreme point of view (A Madonna exclusive) So I went into a bar, looking for sympathy A little company, I tried to find a friend It's more easily said, it's always been the same This type of modern life, is not for me This type of modern life, is not for free Do I have to change my name? (C'mon) [Chorus: Madonna] American life (American life) I live the American dream (American dream) You are the best thing I've seen You are not just a dream [Verse 3: Madonna] I tried to stay ahead, I tried to stay on top I tried to play the part, but some how I forgot Just what I did it for, and why I wanted more This type of modern life, is it for me? Fuck it Ah, fuck it Ah, fuck it Ah, fuck it Ah, fuck it, uh-huh This is, a Madonna exclusive This is, the American life, fuck it [Verse 4: Madonna Rap] I'm drinking a Soy latte I get a double shoté It goes right through my body And you know I'm satisfied I drive my Mini Cooper And I'm feeling super-dooper Yo they tell I'm a trooper And you know I'm satisfied I do yoga and palates And the room is full of hotties So I'm checking out the bodies And you know I'm satisfied I'm digging on the isotopes This metaphysic's shit is dope And if all this can give me hope You know I'm satisfied I got a lawyer and a manager An agent and a chef Three nannies, an assistant And a driver and a jet A trainer and a butler And a bodyguard or five A gardener and a stylist Do you think I'm satisfied? I'd like to express my extreme point of view I'm not Christian and I'm not a Jew I'm just living out the American dream And I just realised that nothing Is what it seems What it seems (C'mon) [Outro: Missy Elliott] This is the American Life, FUCK IT The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ Missy Elliott Album: Remixed & Revisited (EP) Song: Into The Hollywood Groove Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Madonna] Everybody comes to Hollywood They wanna make it in the neighbourhood They like the smell of it in Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good [Missy Elliott] Ohh, who that be, Misdemeanor on the M-I-C I got the fresh kicks, thick hips, best believe me And Madonna bout to hit em like a tag team You gonna love us in our Gap Jeans We walk by, people ask 'where you get them jeans' On fire call emergency, G-A, capital P You know how we, and let me go and do my thing I'll bring ya hard on the track if ya know what I mean Hollywood and New York, Madonna is the queen And Misdemeanor say Gap is the best [Madonna] Get into the groove, let me show you some move Best to take it from me, yeah Get up on your feet Let me step to the beat Show you how it should be Get into the groove Let me show you some move Best to take it from me Get into the groove The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Missy Elliott Album: Remixed & Revisited (EP) Song: Like a Virgin/Hollywood Medley Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Britney] I made it through the wilderness, somehow I made it through Didn't know how lost I was until I found you I was beat incomplete, I've been had I was sad and blue, but you made me feel, yeah You made me feel shiny and new, oh, oh 	[Christina] Like a virgin, ooh, touched for the very first time, oh Like a virgin, when your heart beats next to mine, oh, oh, ooh, yeah Ooh, ooh, ooh 	[Madonna] Everybody comes to Hollywood They wanna make it in the neighborhood They like the smell of it in Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good Everybody comes to Hollywood They wanna make it in the neighborhood They like the smell of it in Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good 	[All] Shine you light now This time it's got to be good You'll get it right now, yeah Cos you're in Hollywood You're in Hollywood 	[Madonna] Everybody comes to Hollywood They wanna make it in the neighborhood They like the smell of it in Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good Everybody comes to Hollywood 	[Missy] Yo, yo, yo Who that be, Missy Elliott, M-I-C I works it and I works it Can I flip my thing and revese it Come on, go, go head, go, go head I works it and I works it Can I flip my thing and reverse it Come on, go, go head, go, go head Party people, we'll show you how to work that Where you at, Madonna 	[Madonna] Trip the station, change the channel Hollywood, Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good Hollywood, Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good 	[All] Hollywood, Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good Hollywood, Hollywood How could it hurt you when it looks so good Music stations always play the same songs We're bored with the concepts of right and wrong 	[Madonna] Trip the station, change the channel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Angie Martinez f/ Missy Elliott Album: Animal House Song: What's That Sound Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: Angie Martinez] {*laughing} Whoo! Cool & Dre baby Oh! {*laughing} It's club but it's still sexy Hey! life is good Yea, uh, uh, uh, yo What is that? [Angie Martinez] What's that sound? If you outside the club, and your joint c'mon You just pop the truck Pull the car up and the line is packed, and you far You tired a' waiting, you better be catch a charge like "Move bitch, get out the way", flash the bouncer to get out a payin' And that sound make you wanna get on stage Oh, you gotta' "move dem thangs" Beat change, it's a Cool & Dre thing That'll move your thang thang, remove your ring change the sound Get your jewels all sweated up, the booze is deaded up Anything goes bring it back, if you just catchin' up The sound coming outta' the club - that's wassup! And they let you up, finally, dancing it up Movin' aroung, DJ Keith - I need that sound (da-mn) [Chorus: Angie and Missy] That new shit, that hot shit Make you move shit - what's that sound? That move crowds, that new sound Make you can kick down - who's that chick? That's Angie, them bambi's Screamin' Angie - what's that sound? [Missy] And this Missy gettin' tipsy off the wiskey [Missy Elliott] 2002 be sceered, cause I'm runnin' this shit this year Haters 'n haters you better be clear Or you'll be kissin' my pussy on the rear What I'm talking 'bout, with my filthy mouth, from the Dirty South Is a drug-drop, c'mon check me out Ain't nobody does it easy-seezy And ain't nobody got the dick to sling me (owwww!) God damn, what's that sound? Didn't I tell you I'm about to shake it down I'm no punk, but a killa like Cam Get on the flo', yes yes mam When I show up the club get cram Insecure bitch watch yo man! Me and Ang like butter on toast I don't mean to boast, but we do [Angie] I need that - yea [Angie Martinez] Hello-oh? oh that's my ears ringing I'm sitting here thinking that sound is still bangin' As we leavin' the spot I'm still drinking Gotta' leave cause the cops are still waiting So we circle the block, as we workin' to blot Then purposely watch - we so blingin' And the truck is bright, light up the night Blinking, as we stuck in the chair feel like we sinking That sound still drowned the air waves The echo in my head feel like a bear cave So I sit back to the sound of this track Playin' on my way home - I can't forget that That beat when you hear from the street Make you wanna get on the floor and don't even speak Cause it don't even matter who be around Get.. and that's DJ Keith - playin' that sound (I need that) [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Lyte f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Puff Daddy Album: Cold Rock a Party (Bad Boy Remix) CD-5 Song: Cold Rock a Party (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] I thought I told you.. that we won't stop I rock the party.. that rocks your body I rock the party, that rocks your body Let's go! [Lyte]	Yeah [Puff]	Uh-huh, yeah 	Uh-huh, yeah 	Uh-huh, yeah 	The remix, heheh! Chorus: [MC Lyte] (Puff Daddy) I rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) You rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) I rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) You rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) [MC Lyte] So what's yo' status? .. I be the baddest .. Bee to hit the scene since the gangsta lean I'm all ears, so what you got to say? I hope you bubblin it baby, now bubblin it my way Let it rain; ain't no salt up in the game (nah) Still want you the same (yeah) ain't a thing changed Instead of knockin boots .. we be kickin down Gortex Except it ain't raw sex Ruffnecks (yeah) throw your hands in the air! Let me hear you say oh yeah! Trust-You-Me-I'll-Blow-Up-Shop About to blow the roof right offa hip-hop Chorus 2X [Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott] I'm the M-I-double-S-S, yo' best best, bitch from V-A-A And I be smokin hay all day in the barn, damnit, darn Uhh, Puff Daddy be my pal When I hee-hee.. hee-hee-hehehehe-how I took your number one spot, I jump skip then I hop I'm so hot, so you can't forgets-me-not to the yes yes y'all, I'ma take a pause Cause I be "Feelin' Myself" like I was T-Boz Uh uh.. Puff Daddy make em cream! The L-Y-T to the E make em scream And I'ma sho' nuff be the, boss on this team Show, all you MC's how Missy make the green Uh-huh, uh-huh Chorus 2X [MC Lyte] Some say I'm SHADY (that's right) That's me Complicated rap star, meet Lyte the MC You see I'm on to you baby and your mechanism How you hit it when you're in it, so hot you keep it sizzlin No ooh-achie-koo, and all of that too Keep me wetter than the waters of Kalamazoo Nigga who you comin wit? Where your posse at? I leave the boys alone, tell her you won't be back I got the cheese baby; my cheddar's better I got that milk, for that Amarett-ah Trust-You-Me-I'll-Blow-Up-Shop Have a little nig' callin the cops, watch! Chorus [MC Lyte] (Puff Daddy) I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body body body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body (round and round you're turnin me, turnin me) You rock the party that rocks the body (upside down you turnin me, turnin me) (round and round you're turnin me, turnin me..) Uh! I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body (yeah) I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body (yeah) (upside down you turnin me, turnin me) (round and round you're turnin me, turnin me.. yeah) (upside down you turnin me, turnin me.. Bad Boy) (round.. and round.. and round and round.. and round) (you're turnin me, turnin me, c'mon..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mel B f/ Missy Elliott Album: I Want You Back 12" Song: I Want You Back Typed by: TrayDawg20@aol.com MEL. B: I’m the M to the E-L-B you know me MISSY: I’m the M-I-S-S-Y to the E MEL. B: And I got many flows from ova seas MISSY: How can you BEEP BEEP wit no keys MEL. B: I got spice I’m tight wit my flows MISSY: All my flows been known to full blow MEL. B: Let me hit this one before I go MISSY: I’m gonna let ya go, if you say so, awww Verse 1: Boy I’m sick of you Who me yes me yea ya know I’m a fool I’m a fool for you Cause I’m a taking you back yea I’m stupid like that Yea yea you know its tru But I can’t say no, cause I never say no I can’t say no to you, because you treat me right And thats why I want you back ugh Chorus: I think I want you back Your love made a deep impact I know it might sound whack But damn I want you back Want U I think I want you back Your luv made a deep impact I know it might sound whack But damn I think I want you want you back Verse 2: Boy I’m tried of you Running over me telling me what to do Now what have I don’t to you Ta make ya sex a lot  I thought I made ya hot Know don’t make me act a fool I know I talk my junk But I know what I want What I truly want is you Even thought you a mack tru dat I want you back ugh Chorus: 1x Bridge: You got me losing my mind, my mind You can’t keep breaking my heart You got me drinking the liquor in da morning, sitting all night at the bar Chorus: 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: The Understanding Song: Is That Yo Chick? * Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * edited single; new remix of track from Jay-Z +IMPORT+ "Volume 3" [Jay-Z] R-O-C Memph Bleek do it again Jigga man, yeah (Yeah, yeah) Missy, sho' nuff [Memphis Bleek] Yo check it now, yo Yo Hov' chose I -- I ain't gonna lie What I look like turnin down cho-cha? Drove by, smoked the lye Recognize a pimp, open your eyes Hop in the passenger side of the ride Damn Bleek, can't speak Uh-huh, okay, what's up, SHUT UP And close the door Act like you been in the drop top On the open road before Fix your weave, then fix me Ever gave head doin 160? Ever seen a pair of kicks this crispy How you like the way the white wifebeat fit me M-dot, him hot, them not (That's gangsta) [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch [Jay-Z] Uh, yo don't get mad at me I don't love 'em I fuck 'em I don't chase 'em I duck 'em I replace 'em with another one You had to see she keep calling me BIG (And another one!) And my name is Jay-Z She be all on my dick Gradually I'm taking over your bitch Coming over your shit Got my feet up on you sofas, man I mean a hostess for my open hand You coming home to dishes and empty soda cans I got your bitch in my Rover man I never kiss her, I never hold her hand In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man I'mma pimp her, it's over man When I twist her in the Gold sedan Like I'm Goldie man, you've been chosen man Jigga man, ice burg with the frozen hands Wedding bands don't make it rosey man [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch [Memphis Bleek] Yo.. how dumb the pimp? I heard he trick Bought a new five, maybe six Copped that for his new down bitch And I was diggin that down since '96 Memph-Man I'll take your bitch Let her do her thing, give brain in the whip And you know how it go when it come to the hoes She can do the same thing to the click you know Yo hoe chose, don't get mad at me Got your wife callin me daddy Put her out on the street let her get that cheese My bad is that your freak But you know how a thug do When a nigga hit that, it's fuck you Keep it snug, tre deuce in the boot Niggas wanna act, fuck a slut too [Missy] Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch Oh is that your bitch Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thighs Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your bitch? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your bitch? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Memphis Bleek f/ Jay-Z, Missy Elliott, Twista Album: The Understanding Song: Is That Your Chick (The Lost Verses) Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Jay-Z] R-O-C Memph Bleek Jigga man Missy, Twista sho' nuff Yeah, yo Don't get mad at me I don't love 'em I fuck 'em I don't chase 'em I duck 'em I replace 'em with another one You had to see she keep calling me BIG (And another one!) And my name is Jay-Z She was all on my dick Gradually I'm taking over your bitch Coming over your shit Got my feet up on you sofas, man I mean a hostess for my open hand You coming home to dishes and empty soda cans I got your bitch up in my Rover man I never kiss her, I never hold her hand In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man I'mma pimp her, it's over man When I twist her in the Gold sedan Like I'm Goldie man, you're bitch chose man Jigga man, iceberg with the frozen hands wedding bands don't make it rosy man [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Memphis Bleek] Yo check it now, yo, yo Your hoe chose I I ain't gonna lie What I look like turnin' down chocha Drove by, smokin' lye Recognize a pimp, open your eyes Hop in the passenger side of the ride Damn Bleek, can't speak Uh-huh, okay, what's up, SHUT UP And close the door Act like you been in the drop top On the open road before Fix your weave, then fix me Ever gave head doing 160? Ever seen a pair of kicks this crispy How you love how the white wife beater fit me M-dot, him hot, them not (That's gangsta) [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Twista] Tha Jigga and Twista got 'em screaming Like a demon fiending for the semen Chrome gleaming like the dome off Keenan Gone while I'm leanin' smoking I'm whip it in the stomach Your bitch on the passenger side of me flashing your money Why you acting so funny? You know she been flirting while your working Behind the curtain knuckles jerking for certain Poppin' that pussy Sweatin' till no fluid is left When I come in the party with J we gonna do it to death You gon' ruin your rep Trippin' while we pimpin' these hefers Playa lectures got me shining like a new Gator stepper Must have been mad When your ho put my stuff in the dash Bust in her ass To climax I come up with a nab The game don't stop Legit ballers bending up the block Niggas rushing, coming at us cause of status and props Sucking and fucking, loving it when I put tha dick up inside her Can't help it if she yellin' with a ridah [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Jay-Z] Yo, yo Why you home alone, why she out with me? Room 112, hotel balcony How she say Jay you can call the house for me? There's no respect at all You betta check her dawg She keep beggin' me to hit it raw So she can have my kids and say it was yours How foul is she? And you wifed her Shit, I put the rubber on tighter Sent her home, when she entered home You hugged her up What the fuck is up? She got you whipped, got your kids Got your home, but that's not your bitch You share that girl, don't let 'em hear daddy Earl It'll make 'em sick that his favorite chick Ain't saving it, unfaithful bitch [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Memphis Bleek] Yo how dumb the pimp? I heard he trick Bought a new five, maybe a six Copped that for his new down bitch And I was digging that down since '96 shit Memph man I'll take your bitch Let her do her thing, give brain in the whip And you know how it go when it come to the hoes She can do the same thing to the clique you know Your hoe chose, don't get mad at me Got your wife callin' me daddy Put her out on the street let her get that cheese My bad is that your freak But you know how a thug do When a nigga hit that, it's fuck you Keep it snug, tre deuce in the boot Niggas wanna act, get a motherfuckin' slug too [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick [Jay-Z] Cool out homie You betta keep her away from my balling clique Keep her out of nightclubs all in the mix From hanging out with chicks who be swallowing dicks From catz who order Cris play the floor with the Knicks That can only lead to something unfortunate Hot boy like Jigga man scorch your bitch Play the floor dot Jigga man go first Then we all rock cause we all hot You know the boys from the Roc got them whores on lock Got them bitches in the smash Making yours drive fast Cause we get more cash than the average nigga All dem hoes like damn I gotta have this nigga Cause I'mma hot black, how in the hell can you stop that You would fuck mine How the hell can you knock that? I'm just playing the cards choosenly Jigga man who ya supposed to be? [Missy] Oh is that your chick Why she all in his six? With her hand on his dick Keep licking her lips Is that your chick? Why she all in his ride? With her hand on his thigh Keep looking in his eyes Oh is that your chick? You better tell her chill While you all in his grill Don't you know that man kill? Is that your chick? Why she beeping him? Keep praising him? Cause that's Bleek and them, trick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Say What Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Missy Elliott (Method Man)] Yeah! This-this-this-this This is an exclusive (let's go) Mr. Meth, you're so Def, you put them other M.C.'s out to rest (that's right) And they test (uh-huh), but they forget (yeah) how the M-E-F is so Def (let's go) [Method Man] Yo, uh, come on, come on, now Big Meth attack soon as the track come on now Zone out, with Sean Combs and bizzy-bone out (I see you in the club) And by one, I'm gettin' thrown out Mami, got her toes out, ain't one army can Blaze Johnny Like Gwen Stafani, you know there's No Doubt I'm trill, sick with it, it's like ill That's the only way to explain these mic skills On Homicide Hill, anybody asks is real The more steel, the more bodybags to fill Can I get, hit of that hydro, nigga I tried to quit puffin' before, but I'm no quitter If honey show me her buns, I'll show her my ones If the bed rockin', keep knockin' and I'mma cum Want some, take some, I get it crunk Speak junk, I'll slow up your road with speed bumps [Chorus: Missy Elliott w/ P. Diddy doing ad-libs] When they play this in the club (say what?) Go and tell that nigga, bump that (say what?) Throw your hands up, like nigga, what? (say what?) Ya'll don't really really want that (say what?) And for whatever muthafucka, don't like it (say what?) Tell that sucka he can get back (say what?) Misdemeanor and Meth in your area (say what?) Are ya'll ready? Come on, play it back (saw what?) [Method Man] You wanna front, what? Step up and get bucked And if your feelin' lucky, duck, then press ya'll luck Ya'll got me effed up, over tracks overreact Once I start, like a bullet, ain't no holdin' me back I'm all that and two mac's, ya'll fakin' jacks When I cock back like Busta Bust and make 'em clap Here I go again, who blow in like whirlwinds Who kiss girlfriends, that kiss they girlfriends Got to get it, and when I'm gone Ya'll bury me with chrome, and tell hell I'm comin' home I'm poison, see my skull and crossbones Got aim like them kids in Iraq who toss stones And I got drugs in my system, we thugs in the system That put slugs in victims, Mr. M-E to F, bomb threat As long as I ain't no game, there's no contest [Method Man] Ticallion is phatter than your fattest chrome chain I guess that should explain why I given the dope name Ain't nothin' free, everything got a fee How the fuck you got a car and ain't got a pot to pee? I'ma grown man, so I do grown man things Why take half, when I can have this whole damn thing? It's Meth, baby, drop top, navy Mercedes I'm number one like P.E. or Tracy McGrady It's all good, everything I spit, all hood And if ya'll gave me one wish, niggaz, I wish ya'll would Who John Blaze? Uh, when ya'll gon' learn huh When I burn son, stick a fork in him he's done And ladies love to play, like Ladies Love Cool J For the right CREAM, the'll do anything you say She Ice Cream, I'm caked up with icing Mr. Sandman, come on, bring her a pipe dream [Outro: P. Diddy] Let's work... come on Def Jam! Mr. Meth, Missy, Bad Boy Hitmen baby, let's work, come on Let's work, come on, yeah Uh, let's work... aiyo pass that nigga Joe Hooker, I see you, let's work, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monica f/ Missy Elliott Album: After The Storm Song: Knock Knock Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com [Monica] It's funny how the tables turn, turn, turn, turn [Missy] (Monica) Uhhh uhhh (ohhhh-ooohh) and it's sooo, woo (Wooooo-oooo, yeah) This that hot (Wooooo-ooooo, yeahhhh) Uh huhhh, yeah! New Monica! [Verse One: Monica] {Missy} It's funny how the tables turn Now it's you running after me {huhhh} Didn't wanna spend quality time Didn't think I would ever leave {woooo} You got way too comfortable {ohhh} Now you say you want me in your life {huhhh} Cuz I've packed up all my shh {woooo} I'm moving in my new place tonight [Chorus: Monica] {Missy} So don't you, knock knock knock Stop knockin' (stop knockin') Don't come knockin' on my door (yeahhh) (Oooo yeahhhhh) Ring ring ring (ring) Let the phone stop (oohhh) I don't want you calling me no mo' {Uh huhhhh, soooo, sooo} [Verse Two: Monica] {Missy} Boy, it's a dangerous game To try and play a chick like me {huhhh} Wanna go out and do ya thing I'll be out 'fore you count to three So do just what you want Any time that you really like I put a payment on my place You'll be sleeping alone tonight [Chorus: Monica] {Missy} So don't you, knock knock knock (knockin', ooohhh) Stop knockin', don't come knockin' on my door (Don't you come knockin' at, wooaayy) Ring ring ring (ring) Let the phone stop (oohhh) I don't want you calling me no mo' {Uh huhhhh, soooo, sooo} (yeah) [Verse Three: Monica (*rapping*)] {Missy} I used to be So Gone, you were someone I could lean on My life support system And I thought I couldn't breathe, uhh uhh When you used to leave, yup yup (yeahhhh) {ohhh} I see you got your clean on Big chains, gold teeth and your gleam on All night wanna be gone Wanna tell me stay home like I got a uhh ring on {wooo} Then you say I'm not your wife, right right {huhh} So why should I be chillin', goodnight goodnight {huhh} Now pack up my things for a flight {ohhh} I got a place and it's fixed up nice {come on!} So don't come knockin' on my door {yeah!} I got company coming 'round four {uhh huhh} So, whoa, heh heh, yeah {oohh} [Chorus: Monica] {Missy} I don't want you calling me no mo' Knock knock knock {oohhh} Stop knockin', don't come knockin' on my door (Ring ring ring) ring ring ring Let the phone stop (please won't it stop) I don't want you calling me no mo' [Monica] {Missy} "Don't come knockin' on my door" {Uh huhhhh, sooo, soooo} "Don't come knockin' on my door" Ooohh oooh uhh, ooohh oohh uhh "Don't come knockin' on my door" (Oohh ohh uhh, yeah, yeah, yeahh) "Don't come knockin' on my door" Ooohh oooh uhh (changed my locks) oohh uhhh (to my crib) "Don't come knockin' on my door" Ohhh (can't come in, oohh) Ohhhh "I don't want you calling me no mo'" "Don't come knockin' on my door" (changed my locks, to my crib) "Don't come knockin' on my door" (can't come in, uhhh) Ooooohhh I don't want you calling me no mo' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monica f/ DirtBag, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: After the Storm Song: Set it Off Typed by: mud_styles@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (intro-Monica and Missy) Yeah, Imma Set it off C'mon now {Missy} Yeah Ohh This that hot shit ya'll set it off New Monica shit C'mon (Monica) You remember when I was just a young one And I was to afraid to quickly let you show me thangs (Missy) Hol up, Hol Up Big show DJ's This joint so crazy put the needle back on the record let's do a double take (DirtBag) Now listen baby I'm a dirt bag I don't know the different faces, I cant take it But I got a jeep, so you lead and I'll follow Lunch up in a diner, if ya act right we dine in the Bahamas Now wow lil momma, I'm a gangsta Anywhere ya wanna go imma take ya Oh my god you caught my eyes like from 20 yards You so damn fine Listen I don't eat peaches but the way you look to night I just might take a bite Come closer, feel that It's a woman and a man and a latex Out the shower, hotel flowers on the bed Choice of wine white or red What more can I say Monica, DirtBag, ATL MIA (Monica) You remember when I was just a young one And I was to afraid to quickly let you show me thangs Not sure if I was ready for some good love, and I'm bout to set it off Can you please be gental cuz I am the fragile kind And even tho I'm ready for the move of my time Now buckle up yo seat while I set it off (Chrous-Monica)(Missy) Baby let me set it off, do you mind it I get it off Set it off, Set it off All it takes is one phone call, if you wanna get it on Set it off, Set it off (Monica) I know your anxious but please lets make a compromise Im so energized All in my neck my back my thighs Make sure the lock is safe before I set it off (Chorus) (Monica)(Missy Backup) Now imma Set it , you can tell them Mo Said it And you betta not forget it, now don't sweat it And we can really go at it, if you let it let's protect it Now I bet it be good is you ready But the jump of heavy, my style varies The club down I shut it, how I do it I set it (Chorus) (outro-Missy) Breakdown Here we go (Monica) I will set it off I will set it off I'll Set it off I will set it off I'll set it I'll set it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monica f/ Missy Elliott Album: So Gone 12" Song: So Gone Typed by: inder679@hotmail.com So gone over you, you, you, you [Intro: Missy Elliott] Yeah.. new Monica.. woo! [Monica] Silly of me Devoted so much time To find you unfaithful, boy I never lost my mind Drive pass your house every night In an unmarked car Wondering what she had on me To make you break my heart, yeah {You make me feel} You make me feel I'm so gone (So gone), oh... You make me {You make me feel} Whoa and I love you to love you, baby, I {So gone} ooh Nights I couldn't sleep, uh You let the sun beat you home I asked myself over again What am I doing wrong To make you stay out all night And not think to call What does she have over me To make him not think to call home {You make me feel} You make me feel I'm so gone {So gone}, oh... You make me {You make me feel} Whoa and I love you to love you, baby, I {So gone} ooh [Verse: Missy Elliott] Listen, boy, I'm a rowdy chick Some times I have to fight ˜cause my mouth too slick Baby, why you doing me like I ain't worth this shit Make me wanna ride passed your house and sit Kick down your door and smack your chick Just to show you Monica not having it So in love with you like a drug habit get {So gone} You treat me so unreal [Monica] What she do, I do better (Ooh...oh...) What she do to make you love her (What did she do) Is it real or forever Baby, please can't we stay together (Is it real or forever) What she do, I do better (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) What she do to make you love her (Yeah, ooh...) Is it real or forever (Is it real) Baby, please can't we stay together (Oh) Whoa and I love you to love you, baby (Whoa and I love you to love you, baby) Whoa and I love you to love you, baby, ooh... Whoa and I love you to love you, baby (Whoa and I love you to love you, baby) Whoa and I love you to love you, baby (Just to show you Monica not having it), yeah {You make me feel} You make me feel I'm so gone {So gone}, oh... You make me {You make me feel} Whoa and I love you to love you, baby, I {So gone} ooh Said that I need you I don't really need you Said that I need you, ooh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monica f/ Busta Rhymes, Missy Elliott, Tweet Album: After The Storm (Import) Song: So Gone (Remix) (Bonus Track) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] (Monica) (Remix), whoo, yeah (remix), oh, new Monica, so sick (remix, hey hey) Oh, it's remix player it don't get no hotter than that (remix) Uh, a hot beat on some wax, Monica what you say about that Uh (hey hey) [Monica] (Missy) I'm Monica, I got people out on every block And them say you been cheatin', what the blood clot Them rude boys, why you think youse a hot shot You'll come back like them addicts look for crack spots You must've fucked up, how dare you got me on lock You got me open like a chest with pneumonia I'm quick to run up on ya, you and your chicks I came to warn ya I'm crazy like them gangs in California (hey hey, uh) [Monica] (Missy) Silly of me, uh, devoted so much time (yeah) To find you unfaithful boy, I nearly lost my mind (whoo, uh) Drive past your house every night in an unmarked car Wondering what she had on me, to make you break my heart, yeah (come on, whoo) [Tweet] (Monica) {Missy} You make me feel (you, you, you, you, you) So unreal {yeah} (you make) You make me feel {oh} (oh, I) So unreal (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeha) hey hey {whoo} [Monica] (Missy) Nights I couldn't sleep (uh), you let the sun beat you home (ok) I asked myself over again what am I doing wrong (oh) To make you stay out all night (oh), and not think to call (uh) What does she have over me to make him not think to call home (whoo) [Tweet] (Monica) {Missy} You make me feel (baby you make me feel) {oh} (I'm so gone off you ey) so unreal {ah} (oh you) Oh you make me feel {yeah} (I'm gone, I) So unreal {uh} [M = Monica, B = Busta] (Monica) {Missy} M = Ey Busta Rhymes let me know a man's point of view (yeah) M = Cause I think all men are dogs and that's including you (aha) B = Well Monica, look closer, tell me what you see {uh} B = Correct yourself cause dog backwards spelt G-O-D M = See I'm so gone and I be slappin' any kinda chick (yeah, uh) M = And I will step to any bitch I think he messin' with (aha) {oh} B = Watch what you say and what you do, sometimes I can't ignore it {mm} B = From how you rap and spaz over your dude and love you for it {whoo} M = Well I'm a singer not a fighter but don't test me (yeah) M = I'm a razor blade under the tongue as a security (oh yeah) {aha} B = Now what you sayin', first of all you know you're still my baby B = My lady, what's with this razor shit you talkin' crazy M = See Bus I'm down for my man if he act right M = But if he out, freakin' yeah, I'm on the first flight (aha) {come on} B = I know that youse a hot head girl let me continue B = I don't mean to patronize but I love the sexy thug in you, you crazy [Tweet] (Monica) {Missy} You make me feel (no, no, no, no, I'm so gone) So unreal (so gone, so gone on you, you know you make me) You make me feel (I'm gonna love you, love you baby, I'm so gone) So unreal (so tell me what she did to you, you) {come on} [Monica] What she do, I do better What she do to make you love her, oh is it Is it real or forever Baby please can't we stay together [Monica] What she do, I do better, whoo oh, ohh What she do to make you love her Is it real or forever Baby please can't we stay together [Monica] (Missy) Ohh, ohh (I'm a hit you with a hot remix), remix Ohh, ohh (I'm a hit you with a hot remix), yeah, eh Ohh, ohh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Monica f/ Missy, Young Buc Album: So Gone (Remix) 12" Song: So Gone (Remix) Typed by: Yo_Wifey@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Monica] So gone, over you, you, you, you.. [Young Buc] Yeah, I know Dis da Official Remix [Missy] Yeah! [Missy] New Monica [Young] I see ya [Young] Young Buc [Missy] Woo! [Intro: Young Buc] This the remix, she didn't have to wait that long Monica, Missy, and Young Buc remix is so g-one And my love of the game is so str-ong I can hold on so you can tell me what's going on Monica, c'mon [Verse 1: Monica] + (Young Buc) Silly of me Devoted so much time To find you unfaithful, boy I never lost my mind (Don't do that, don't do that) Drive pass your house every night In a unmarked car Wonder'n what she had on me To make you break my heart, yeah [Chorus: Monica ] (You make me feel...) You make me feel, I'm so gone (so gone), ohh.. You make me feel (you make me feel) Whoa and I love you to love you, baby, I (So gone) Ooh [Verse 2: Monica] + (Younge Buc) (Remix) Nights I couldn't sleep, uh You let the sun beat you home I asked myself over again What am I doing wrong? To make you stay out all night And not think to call What does she have over me? To make him not think to call home [Verse 3: Missy] + (Young Buc} Listen, boi, I'm a rowdy chick (Huh?) Sometimes I have to fight 'cause my mouth too slick (Why dat?) Baby, why you do'n like I ain't worth this shit (I'm Not) Make me wanna ryde passed yo' house and sit (Fo' reel?) Kick down your and smack yo' chick (Dayum) Just to show you Monica not have'n itH So in love with you like a drug habit get (I'm gonna explain it to you thought) [Monica] So gone [Missy] You treat me so unreel [Young] Look here [Verse 4: Young Buc] Ayo, was it the club hoppin after the show That had you shook up You know I'ma flirt, short stop Wasn't no hook ups Who I came home to? You Anything Buc got you want a matchin' one to That's how we do Please believe with you is were I rest my head Maybe in one of those new customized Missy Ferrari beds Put your hood up with the boy from the hood too Your rocked the throw back all eyes on you You was so gone but I was so gone without chu Think'n abother woman could replace you I got girls that's frends But I ain't buy them a Benz I copped you a 600 that should tell you how runnin, fo' reel [Outro: Monica] + (Young Buc) What she do, I do better (I know, I know) {Ooh...oh...} What she do to make you lover her? (Remix) {What did she do?} Is it reel or forever {Is it reel} Baby, please can't we stay together? {oh} Whoa and I love you to love you, baby {what and I love you to love you, baby} What and I love you to love, baby, ooh.. Whoa and I love you to love, baby (Whoa and I love you to love you, baby) Whoa and I l ove you to love you, baby [Missy:] Jus to show you Monica not have'n it (Yeah) {You make me feel} You make me feel, I'm so gone {So gone}, oh.. You make me {You make me feel} Whoan and I love you to love you, baby, I {So gone} ooh Said that I need you I don't really need you Said that I need you, ooh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Cheeks f/ Missy Elliot, P. Diddy, Petey Pablo Album: Lights, Camera, Action 12" Song: Lights, Camera, Action (Remix) Typed by: Fitchboy2345@aol.com (Missy Elliot) [P. Diddy] Yeah Watch out Big dogg [this is the remix] Big dogg [This is the remix] (Missy Elliot) Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) When I come through the door I'm on the floor You wanna see my ass shake yeah Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) And when I move it around You in the corner like DANG how she do that there? Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) It's the beat in the mean time See I'm a crime, I keep the crowd jumpin' Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) It's the haters that hate the game, and talkin loud You aint sayin nothin! Remix (Uh!) Mr. Cheeks big dogg My boys, they put it heavy on the trissat Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) High hats, baseline (bom, bom, bom, bom blat, blat get at!) Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) It's the remix (goddamn) It don't get no better Remix (Uh!) Y'all suckers and busters bein fly too Q you better get up! Uh! (Chorus) (Mr. Cheeks) Shorty Turn it around, let me see somethin Come with me, and there really gonna be somethin I'm talkin lights, camera, action Have me sayin' "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson" Turn it around, let me see somethin Come with me, and there really gonna be somethin I'm talkin lights, camera, action Have me saying "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson" (P. Diddy) It's time for some action Camera's flashin Everywhere, main attraction They react like I'm one of the Jacksons I guess it's just my name that attracts them Remix World famous PD I moved in, I live on TV (Remix) And I stay on your radio stations Cuz I'm placed in heavy rotation Remix Now let's shake to this How much more can you make to this (Wooo hoooo!) I like the sound of that Tell the bartender to send another round to that Remix I don't know where they found you at Just keep movin round like that Take it to the ground and back Oh! She's serious Now turn around one time I'm curious Yeah, this…is…the…remix Yeah (Chorus) (Mr. Cheeks) Remix (Yo!) I'm that nigga that come through with the crew hit the bar start to roll shit Remix (Yo!) I bet when the world get a load of this here they be like "oh shit!" Remix (Yeah) The type of joint that make a nigga take a chick back to the tele-kere Remix (Oh!) Big things Mr. Cheeks, P. Diddy, and Missy Elliot Remix (Yo!) I got my bottle of Mo My double shot of Jack and I play the background Remix (Yo!) Until I see something Now I'm really wantin And I go and lay my mack down Remix (Oh!) The dance floor's packed We on the tables, and we bounce on the seats too Now you understand work, big niggas, and hot ass lyrics and beats too (GOOOODAMN!) Thane on the track with Mr. Cheeks And the m-to the s-I-e- Spittin shit in cambridge Around 60 degrees, in Carolina Mr. Petey, Petey, take your shirt off Spin it one time for me SAYY HHHOOOWWWW Get your freak on In the remix In the V, Philly or The City Love those who got love for me Hold those who be holdin me Ddddddown all the way down to the ggggground with me (YESSSIR!) Hit the bar, next round on me Get drunk, get y'all loose Anybody see gon be P Petey Pab on the star in the Ms. Jackson beat (DAMN!) Got the whole club with me (DAMN!) Shorty with you I'd miss jack the freak Stick your tongue out (EWWWWWW!) In here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms Jade f/ Missy Elliott Album: Girl Interrupted Song: Really Don't Want My Love Typed by: bizzie69@hotmail.com [Intro - Ms Jade] Now let me count it off, now let me count it off, now let me count it off Now let me count it off, now let me count it off, now let me count it off Now let me count it off, now let me count it off, now let me count it off [Verse 1 - Ms Jade] You had me turned out, as a young buck in a caddy truck Givin' me dough for air maxes and new traxes It was cool when you let me breathe After we finished layin' up, you won't let me leave Damn I'ma adult now, mammi packed up the belts now You all dumb high off the lie, playin' yourself now Fuckin' up my groove, watch my every move Try and get me caught up, makin' up lies that ain't true I can't take this dumb shit, you startin' to irk me Layin' all them rules down like you birth me Shit you the worst B, all try lock me Even got both my next door neighbours watchin' me You gotta problem, somethin' that I can't solve wit ya I'm at the point were we split I will not miss ya I ain't your wife, damn sure ain't your child Trees gettin' to ya head, cuz dumb chick ain't my style [Chorus - Missy Elliott] You really don't want my love All you do is smoke up them trees Then you wanna try to tell me what to do Why you wanna put a little hold on me You really don't want my love All you do is smoke up them trees Then you wanna try to tell me what to do Why you wanna put a little hold on me [Verse 2 - Ms Jade] I don't know what's wrong wit you, is you me dude or a detective Try to look at it from your perspective, but I can't You wanna know where I'm goin', who I'm seein' And who I'm meetin', what I'm eatin', what I'm doin' Who I'm screwing, not you cuz I can't stand how you tryin' to run me High all day, plus you don't really even love me Cuz if you did you would let me live, the facts will pop up in your brain That I ain't no kid, and that no man gon' tell me how to breathe Right disease type, smoke cloudin' up your mind sight Think it's time you try again and get your little dust off Bust off, now it's time to take the fuckin' cuffs off Go ahead, smoke laugh and joke wit ya homies But do me a favour, when you sober don't call me I'm finished wit ya, I hope and pray that you ain't bitter Used to have the goods, nowadays you don't deliver [Verse 3 - Missy Elliot] You think you got me on lock, cuz when my friends call I don't go But this shit here's gotta stop, you be actin' like I'm on parole Oh why you trippin', why you trippin', cuz I can't take this too long Oh do you call this big pimpin', oh... this is what you call big pimpin' [Outro - Ms Jade/ Missy Elliott] Now let me count it off, now let me count it off, now let me count it off Now let me count it off, now let me count it off, now let me count it off Now let me count it off, now let me count it off, now let me count it off You really don't want my love All you do is smoke up them trees Then you wanna try to tell me what to do Why you wanna put a little hold on me You really don't want my love All you do is smoke up them trees Then you wanna try to tell me what to do Why you wanna put a little hold on me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Mya Song: Bye Bye Typed by: misdemeanor_99@hotmail.com [Missy] HEY YOU NIGGAH !!!!! Tell me what the issue, all up in the booty like tissue Could it be Missy ohh so vicious, make you so suspicious I been known to beat them bitches wit them switches If you wana roll wit them sissy, you can't roll wit Missy I'mam kiss ya on ya cookie, show them pussy I'm the rookie Sleep while ya homeboys book me Is you mad cause I'm tookin', got you you shookin' [Mya: Verse 1] You think you slick You tried to play a dirty trick on this heart of mine You thought I was blind You took your pick Between this other girl and me, she was a friend of mine I got your uhh this time [Bridge] Don't you come here talkin' that bull shhh to me I ain't the one you see Tears in ya eyes , on way for your chance to lie Now give ya ??? , ohhhh weee So get up out my face [Mya: Chorus] Go a head and cry, bye bye You had a chance to survive Got you hurtin in side You shouldn't never lied, bye bye You shouldn't kept, you shouldn't kept that trick on the side [Mya: Verse 2] You think bad You lost the only love you had looking for someone That you can uhh for fun Why stay wit me If what you you what to do is pay Take some tick somewhere, and keep your hoe uhh there [Bridge] repeat 1x repeat 1 x [Rap: Missy] All you had to do is ask me, nasty, lasting Won't quite until the sun sit read my lips I like to know who that bitch in the flick Who you cheesin' wit I'm bout it flip Know what I'll do if I drink a brew Miller Brew kick 1-2 kung fu You and your boo The worse thing you could ever do Is have a chick on side Riiight, truuuuuu The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Missy Elliott, Mobb Deep Album: Sweat Song: Playa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Yeahhayyy, yeahhh [Havoc] Yeah, uh-huh [Missy] Yah.. [Missy] Yeahhayyy, yeahhayyy! [Havoc] Yeah.. fo' sho' [Missy] Yeahh! Yah.. [Missy] Mmmm-mmm-mmm, mmmm-mmm-mmm [Missy] Uhh, yah.. [Havoc] M-O-B-B baby [Missy] Wooooooooo! [Missy] Uhhhh.. [Havoc] Yeah! Right [Missy] Uhhhh.. [Havoc] Let's do this, one time baby [Missy] Uhhhh.. [Havoc] Yea-yea [Missy] Yah.. [Havoc] Yo [Verse One: Havoc] Whattup ma, the name H doe, I'm into pesos V.I.P. and champagne by the caseloads Doubles get you from that bar, and get you right Or get you bent, whatever you like I'm not into wifin - no sir I just wanna beat it up, hear the kitty-cat purr The whip or the tail, whichever you prefer The crib off limits, got wifey durr Got a man home beast, then be easy ma She don't know how to creep, I be teachin ma I got jars of that haze, yeah I'll show you how to twist Get it tight but not too tight, it's all in the lick I'll show you which end to burn, how to spot that trick All you need is the will to learn .. and some good trees to burn Relax, you'll be straight like a perm, word [Chorus: Missy] I need a man, who's up on his game And can give me some affection, satisfy me many ways Are you the one to do it for me playa? (Are you the one to do it for me playa?) Then maybe I can hook up witcha later [Verse Two: Prodigy] Babe girl you now rockin with strength, Infamous Thugs is nuttin to slug Anyone, they try to ruin our fun I don't wanna scare you away, I'm sayin whassup Tell your friends come over here, and party with us If y'all from the hood, y'all gon' love our ways Cause we got money, and we still the same way Go 'head, do that dance, and you can feel free To be you and just do you, everything's great Yeah tonight we gon' have a little too much to drink Just leave your car in the lot, so you can feel safe We gon' party 'til six then take it to my place Then later on I'll have a car bring you back safe I ain't into games, I'll give it to you straight We can have a part time love, I just want it straight Really doe, I changed doe, not no dames So however you wanna call it, it's okay [Verse Three: Nelly] Uhh, uhh, aiy Check it, check it, check it Baby girl right here is where you need to be You better duck cause the bottles pop easily Go and get your other friends, cause you comin with me Derrty E-N-T with the M-O-B See, no respect for the +Country Grammar+ So I kick the Dunn language, the response was better We like, 'Dunn' did it, 'Dunn' hit it, 'Dunn' split it Everything hon wanted, Dunn was with it She like to see me doo-rag'd and me ball-cap'd She like to see me tailored, Gator'd, slacked In fact, I see you lookin through the windshield wipers As the rain hit the windows on the blue Dodge Viper The sniper, not never but hit ya from long range Check it, got haters like X had Brother Baines Used to have quarter thangs but now I got quarter games Got a quarter of a movie, here come {?} trains [Verse Four: Missy] I'm not tryin to be your girlfriend (you dig) I ain't even tryin to lock you in There's no need for us to pretend I'd rather spend yo' dividends You and me can be lover friends I'd rather keep this between us two Let me know when you wanna begin And let me tell you what I want from you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: New Edition f/ Missy Elliott Album: Still in Love With You 12" Song: You Don't Have to Worry (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Y'know...I just wanna make you dance...like uh.... [Missy Elliott] I'll stay closer to your side, like a beeper You Don't Have To Worry 'bout me, so you won't +Miss+ me like +Monifah+ (Heh, heh) P-U-F-F, D-A-double D...Y He be makin' hits like the old factory And I...I "Hit You With Da Hee" A Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee-how "Hit You Wit Da Hee" This is how we get down, alright? With Ronnie, Bobby, Johnny, Ricky, and Mike (Well forget about Ralph!) Owwww.. [Bobby Brown] Lady, I know I've been acting strange It seems to me you're tired of playing games I've been around, had girls here and there I did you wrong, but I'll give my life to make it right I know that things ain't right Seems like all we do is fight (OWWW!!! Owwww!! owwww!) And it's been on my mind You Don't Have To Worry I'm gonna make it right I'll be on your side No more lonely nights You Don't Have To Worry What must I do to make it up to you? What can I say, to make you see things my way? I know it's hard for you to understand I did you wrong but I'll give my life to make it right I know that things ain't right Seems like all we do is fight And it's been on my mind You Don't Have To Worry I'm gonna make it right I'll be on your side No more lonely nights You Don't Have To Worry Don't be afraid I'll be there whenever you need me I'll be there trust in me Just call on me I won't let you down...ohhhh.. [Michael Bivins] NE expertise please Here to put the squeeze on the industry fleas Getting cheese, peep these, butter slurs, his & hers Chinchilla furs, check the Goodfella words You don't ever have to worry Cause I get in ya like Murray And boo, it's only a tight flurry You're frontin' cattin', you wanna rumble in the satin In a bad ass suite somewhere in lower Manhattan [Ron DeVoe] I'm from the street too but I gotta eat to Won't hesitate to eat you, other than that "glad to meet you" I spend nights in the Ramada, my honey's stay laced in Escada Chickens is mad that I got her Casino style gambino types smile Kiss you before I twist you, all the wax is official Players' on the set gettin' wet Sippin' Perrier Jouet, so you don't even have to worry, yet I know that things ain't right Seems like all we do is fight (OWWW!!! Owwww!! owwww!) And it's been on my mind You Don't Have To Worry I'm gonna make it right I'll be on your side No more lonely nights You Don't Have To Worry The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicole f/ Missy Elliott, Prodigy (Mobb Deep) Album: Bangin (Don't Lie) CD-S/12" Song: Bangin (Don't Lie) Typed by: flashbox222@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Missy] Timbaland, I need you to make these motherfuckers get crunk I need you to bangin' em, bangin em, bangin em in their jeeps Timbaland I need you to make these motherfuckers get crunk And I need them to bangin em bangin em bangin em bangin em in their jeeps [Verse 1: Nicole] Ugh, who you talkin' to I wanna know Is that chick with you Do you love her Besta tell the truth Or you'll end up in a ICU Boy, I got thing for you And I'd do anything for you But I need to know a thing or two Am I the only one you callin' boo Don't lie to me baby I would love to be your lady But you be actin' crazy And I wouldn't do it if you payed me I would love to make it alright And I would love to fuck all night But damn it's not alright Damn it's not alright [Verse 2: Nicole] Ugh, who you rollin' with Do I meet all the benefits Is these the only lips that you kiss Am I the only one you fuckin' with Boy, I got a thing for you And I've been holdin' it down for you And I be pissin' around for you Am I the only one you callin' boo [Bridge] Am I The only one that you callin' boo Cuz I know I will always satisfy you And nigga don't try to run no games Cuz I'm so hot I'll take you down in flames.. [Prodigy] Is this for real Wow Nicole Wray Pleasure to meet you I'll be the H-N-I-C Damn yeah I'm a fan of yours to But damn I gotta be honest I'm tryna geta at you And I don't run games I'm runnin' witchu You runnin' with P Would that be possible Now that's a dream team You rockin' R&B I got the streets And it's mad cuz I'm Mobb Deep What's goin' take to convince you What a nigga gotta do to get with you It couldn't be more for real Listen girl I couldn't be more sincere You make a nigga wet dream Girl c'mon I ain't the type that'll hound you But I'ma dog And I'ma flirt just to sharpen the saw Smooth, you see yourself rockin' with a nigga like that Here's my cell, your two way crib Holla back.. [Prodigy - repeat 2X] Stay up, stay in peace H-N-I-cease Nicole Wray shit Timbaland shit We bangin, bangin, bangin, bangin in the streets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicole f/ Missy Elliott Album: Make it Hot Song: Boy You Should Listen Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Ooh, oh, ooh, oh Ooh, yeah, ooh, yeah Ooh, yeah, ooh Mama always warned me bout boys like you She said that all you wanna do is run over me like shoes And takin' take me to ya crib and try to find somethin' sweet Wanna be the first to run and tell, you took my virginity But I know I'm gon' hold out until I know bout love Kisses and hugs, I'm sure that that will be enough If you just wait, I'm gonna give it to you But before I do, this is what I want you to do Boy you should listen, listen Baby I ain't concerned, I ain't concerned I know you think I'm flippin', know You won't catch me sleepin', you won't catch me sleepin' Boy you should listen, you should listen Baby I ain't concerned, I ain't concerned I know you think I'm flippin', know, know, know You won't catch me sleepin', won't catch me sleepin' All the other girls, they are grown as me Saying all the stuff they done, now they wanna know about me I tell em bout me and you, how we be holdin' out And no matter what they say, we're gonna show 'em what love is all about So when we finally do the thing it's gonna be fine like wine Ooh, take some time to make sure it's right So far as me and you, this is what we gon' do But you must listen first to what I'm a say to you Boy you should listen, boy Baby I ain't concerned, baby I ain't concerned I know you think I'm flippin', ooh You won't catch me sleepin', won't, won't, won't catch me sleepin' Boy you should listen, ohh Baby I ain't concerned, I, I ain't I know you think I'm flippin', no, oh, no You won't catch me sleepin', won't, you won't baby Ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh, ohh Ooh, yeah, eh, ohh, oh, ooh, ohh, ooh, yeah Ooh, ooh, ohhooh, ooh, yeah yeah Boy won't you listen Boy won't you listen, yeah, ohh Baby I ain't concerned, ooh, ohh, yeah I know you think I'm flippin', yeah You won't catch me sleepin', you won't catch me sleepin', yeah Boy you should listen, I, I Baby I ain't concerned, ohh I know you think I'm flippin' But you won't catch me sleepin', baby won't you listen Yo, Nicole Wray (yeah), uh, what you got to say, mh Nicole Wray, eh, yo, what you want to say, uh, yo Nicole Wray, yo, tell me, tell me, what you got to say, uh Uh, Nicole Wray, ya, yo, what you got to say, uh Nicole Wray, yo, what you got to say, yo, yo Nicole Wray, yo, tell me what you got to say Uh, uh, Nicole Wray, tell me, tell me what you got to say, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicole Ray f/ Missy, Mocha, Timbaland Album: Make It Hot Song: Make it Hot Typed by: MaGoOuShEr@aol.com [Mocha] But uh anyway You could catch me any day Sipping Hennessey And my peeps get plenty way But anyways, to see that I hold this dough Cats fake it I made it  I told you so Mocca late kid We no play Stress free, sexy and my Tico bag It’s a pity that Yall look like idiots Yo boo let me know when I should rip this cat [Nicole Ray- Verse 1] I’m mad he don’t call me anymore He don’t even cares Damn right, this fool What must I do To keep him loving me All this love I give That aint cool 1- I got what you want (got what you want)   I got what you need (got what you need)   Can I get another shot   This time I’ma make it hot     (repeat x 2) [Nicole Ray - Verse 2] Call while I’m at the crib He turned off his phone Said to call him back Why silly me Why didn’t I suspect He was making love To someone else Boy you can’t leave me [Repeat 1] Oh yeah (x 4) [Repeat 1] [Missy Elliott] I’m sitting on the side of the curb With a pocket of herb I don’t know if yall heard But I’m high as a bird I can fly like Kelly I can slide like skates Me with no Timbalands  Is like Puff with no Mase Wait , hold up Wait a minute, what you say Back it up, give me space Who that, Nicole Ray By the way, DJ, better play all day Make the whole world say “Damn this sucker Ray” Yo yo yo  Yeah this been kinda junk That be making everybody wanna bop their heads Haters, lovers, whatever Nicole Ray Timbaland  Mag-a-noo Aaliyah Ginuwine Missy  Playa [Repeat 1 (with Timbaland repeating Nicole Ray)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ LaTocha Scott Album: Nicole Wray - Make it Hot (Bonus Disk) Song: What U Say Typed by: {unknown} [Missy Elliott] I've been through it all before that nigga ain't c'mon back thru my door I couldn't help it, anymore so all your messages I'll ignore [LaTocha Scott] you made me believe, that I was your everything and then you turn and leave me with none [ohh yah] now I stay here crying every night wishing you were here with me, but you can't be [both - hook] no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! [Missy Elliott] I used to think I was in love but now I now that I wasn't you treated me, like dirt but it's you thatz gonna get hurt no let me tell you!!!!! that you had better get out cuz supposibly you never loved me and now I don't need that ohh!! [both - hook] no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! [LaTocha Scott-bridge] no matter how many times you lied I just kept coming back for more back for more, back for more!!!! [Missy Elliott] well we are through with your lies gonna wipe the tears from my eyes you should have looked inside but now I don't got da time [both - hook] no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now get your bags, your out I don't need your kiss no more ohh! no matter what you say you can no longer hurt me It's over now so get the hell on out cuz I don't need your touch no more ohh! [Missy] It's over now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga Album: Melvin Flynt Da Hustler Song: WeThuggedOut Typed by: BlaznBoi247@cs.com Overlaping eachother: [ Noreage & Missy Talking] (Missy) You know what (Noreaga) Use Real words, we got Missy wit us too today (Missy) I think a lot of ya'll got it all wrong know what I'm sayin (Noreaga) The Millenium (Noreaga) N-O-R-E Swizz Beatz (Missy)  But you know what Uh-Nuh Uh-Nuh Nuh-Uh Uh-Nuh Bitch!! (Noreaga) 16x Bounce ya car to dis Verse: (Noreaga) Yo Yo, catch me in Wu In da Coope All da Bud he would do Hittin Up Army and Navy Camouflage gaurds too, Yeah We dem' cats dat tear up thugs And we dem' thugs dat beat up thugs And my cris rosay You tell I won't say I jus' smack cats Yo God I wont play Turn Ya Radio on Ya'll hear Nore all day I let da dawgs do skid Jus give my da whole K First it was Wallabees Yo and then came balleys Then it was Tahoes now da shit is da Nalleys I'm N-O-R-E what Im not a sky cat So there for you put ya own shit in da back N-O You see me style out You see me foul out You say my album took long like I wild out It to my dawgs wit new whips dats fakin Them cats Dude don't pay no tax like Kirk Franklin In LA im rimmed up and all datin (Chorus) 4x (Missy yellin) Crazy Thugged out Everybody rock da party thug it out Verse 2: (Missy) They say Missy why you Bitchin' Why ya flow so different Everytime I bust on blocks I keep em' Booty lickin' Watch my guns they clickin' Killin' all ya'll chickens In and Out I knock dem' out they feel my cut insision Everybody (Ah!!) Everybody (Ah!!) Everybody push somebody then somebody (Ah!!) Imma keep it comin'  Sweatin' til' Im Hummin' If you stummin' Clap ya hands and drummer keep on drummin' 54 im tired 64 I die Me and Noreaga we gon' spray ya ass real nice This one is a Killa' Slip her on a Trilla' Missy be dat pilla' quicka' quicka' blow ya swilla' Heard you was a sinna' MC jus beginner Thena Thena Thena Thena cook ya ass for dinna' Yes I am a winna' Quick to put one in ya'  If you bust then I'm gon bust I don't mean to offend ya' (Chorus) 5x Hook: (Swizz Beatz) We sum thugged azz niggaz cuz we thug shit out Ya'll sum thugged azz niggaz cuz we thug shit out We sum thugged azz niggaz Ya'll sum thugged azz niggaz We sum thugged azz niggaz Thugged azz niggaz what! Thugged azz niggaz Thugged azz Niggaz Niggaz Niggaz Niggaz Niggaz Niggaz Niggaz  Niggazzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz Verse 3: (Noreaga) Yo Yo Yo Yo  Stay up in da complex Go out for projects it's all good like readas' digest I got self-asteem Be-Outch Cuz I got Baggetz Itchy  Like havin carbs and they crawl on ya chest Thugges Out  Capone home now no doubt Understand If we don't get you  Then our fam Have u  Scared to death straight cogeran man I been ill yo since a days a dalf a dan I been ill before da KRS battle wit Sham Im microwave it It's so hot ya gotta save it Ask any Lighty Chris, Mike, or David (Chorus) 8x Hook: (Nore talkin' overlaping Hook) Yeah Swizz Beatz N-O-R-E Missy Elliot Thuggin' dis shit da Fuck out Yeah We Thugged It Out Swizz talkin after he does a lil echo part of words  (Swizz Beat) MuthaFuckers know wit dis is right here right N-O-R-E Swizz Swizz Beatz and Huh Miss Miss E E (Actually sayz Missy ) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Craig Mack, G-Dep, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Born Again Song: Let Me Get Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] To my motherfuckin man 50 Grand, the alcoholic man Inject a tall can in his bloodstream if he can Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker MC provoker, chocolate thai smoker HEAR?? I like to max in Maximas and Acuras Your girl buttcheeks I'm smackin HER The raw rapper, spine snapper with the little hookers on my lap-ah You know the flavor Mack-ah A shy nigga but I ain't your fuckin comforter And if I ever fall in love I bet I'm fuckin her Ask the hooker, if I didn't jook her If she tried to front, then I drop the Chucky Booker on her {*singing*} Why you wanna.. play your games on me {*rapping*} Bitch, you crazy? Commitments, I'm Swayze, no time for the ill shit Rest with the niggaz on that real bloodspill shit My rap-pin tac-tics are drastic Stretchin motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic So if you wanna see my pedigreeeee You better be, filled with energy, niggaz never gettin me So let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down Chorus: Craig Mack Hahhhh, AHHHHHHHH HAH Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahhhh boyeeeee, let me get down and funk em) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Yeah.. uh-huh.. yeah) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Yo I just wanna get em) [G-Dep] Yeah, yo Odds even, said shoot (blaow) Asked me the reason, and I said loot Man that's all I'm here for, therefore when death declares war, you know what to prepare for Shit, one for shelter, book flights on Delta Live on your station, the radiation'll melt ya Cool - I guess your momma raised a fool You didn't wanna blaze your tool shoulda stayed in school Rap terror, shots through your new era Get it together, y'all niggaz shoulda knew better I'm on point like acupuncture I might, track and hunt ya, smack and punch ya Left side, right side, witcha hoe I might slide Runnin wit this big guy, y'all niggaz is pranksters Don't make a nigga have to show you the pound and show you the sound, that'll put you low in the ground Just let me get down Chorus: Craig Mack Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (What? What?) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (I just wanna funk a little bit) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahh.. I just wanna funk, what? Ahhhh) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down [Missy] I be like WHAAAAT? Let me clear my throat Break the smoke, Missy gotta hit some high notes HEYYYYYY! Yo from coast to coast I burn like toast So dope that I floats through snow nig-guh Oh, you don't wanna bow to me The agony be like, "Somebody help me please!" Feel my pressure, never could a bitch flow better in any weather, I'm Biggie bangin ya nigga Ah-huh, I used to be the chick to lick the lollipop Now I pop through your body parts BLAOW, BLAOW, you like the way I interact Proceed to smack, any MC that's wack Ah-huh, microphone check one two I do ya tool, like them freaks run through your crew Give it to me, OHHHH, send it to me, OHHHH But before I get down, where's my money? Let me get down Chorus: Craig Mack Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahhh.. boyeee) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (I just wanna funk a little bit) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahh.. I just wanna funk) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (The Mackalicious funk wanna get down.. boyeeeeeee, HAHHH, AHHHH-HAH  Mack, feelin the funk) [Notorious B.I.G.] Bringin it live to you bitch ass niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Missy Elliott Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Ultimate Rush Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Intro: Missy] + (B.I.G.) Uh (uh) Come on (uh) It goes B to the I to the G so proper Missy and Big Poppa (Check it out) Call us chief knockers [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.] Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja Sensimilla, can I feel ya All I wanna do is touch ya The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby [Missy] Don't you know I'm the ultimate? To get this nookie, be fortunate Just like tastin pussy with pork in it People stop when I'm walkin in, I'm twist-in twistin 'em Back on ten, I'm talkin 'bout like when Mase come back again My ski's is immaculate, my paper stackin keep trackin I'm mackin yo slackin, reaction makes ya'll dicks grin I'm mo' better than gold diggers with figures Mo' bigger than Jigga's and even Paris Hilton's Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none Sent amilia, all you wanna do is sniff me The ultimate rush, get high baby Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none Sent amilia, all you wanna do is sniff me The ultimate rush, the drugs baby [Chorus 2x] (w/ Biggie ad-libs) [Biggie] Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love with 'em Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business [Missy] I like the kind of whine and dine, who grindin all the time Yo ex girl was a fly, but now lucked up on a dime, nigga [Biggie] What is it with you, all you wanna do is lay around And stay around and get mad when I play around [Missy] I like to lay never work, put your money in my purse To the mall, I go search matchin shoes for my skirt [Biggie] Tuesday I saw you on the zee, but you still wanna get wit me Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say [Missy] Me and my friends got your Benz, attractin mens And spendin dividends, blowin like the wind [Chorus 2x] (w/ Biggie ad-libs) [Biggie] So I guess you think I'm slippin cause I ain't flippin Baby, I'm Big Poppa, ain't no need to be trippin [Missy] I ain't trippin nor flippin, I'm just liquor sippin At the bar, tippin wit your money, can you pay the difference? [Biggie] It seems like it's a waiste of time, that's why I wrote the rhyme I hear you jump in every car, except for mines [Missy] Nigga, I don't jump in cars, I'm a super star Face way to flaw, you should hang me on your wall [Biggie] All I do all day is drink Tanqueray Thinking of a way to put a smile on your face [Missy] Make me smile, see them teeth, me look cute down to them features My waste, my physique, me don't want freak-a-leek [Biggie] Should I wine and dine? You put ring on your fingers While sex from the next man in the bedroom lingers [Missy] Sex will never linger, hold up, put up the blinkers I flow just like sprinklers, give yo ass the middle finger [Biggie] You better slow your role baby, you ain't got enough dough to pay me You know the pin number, just page me when you will baby [Chorus 2x] (w/ Missy ad-libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Missy Elliott Album: A Son Unique Song: Lift Ya Skirt Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Turn it up! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] One nigga, two nigga, three nigga, four One of you niggas is about to get fucked up It's the Ol' Dirt McGirt, live and uncut Live and uncut, ready to bust a nut Like when I first came home, I boned Simone Fucked her so hard, pussy started to groan Seven in the morn', woked up and yawned The bitch scrambled my eggs, she wrote me a song (Sing it!) It's all because of Dirt Dog That the reason I took my skirt off You went away -- now I'm back with (what?) And this is where the bullshit stop Plus these voices in my head, want me to go back Pick up your guns, don't take your Prozac Ritalin, Codelin, Zoloft, cocaine Wu-Tang, nigga, it's the new John Coltrane (hahahaha) [Chorus: girl (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man If you can't do it, then no one can (Mr. McGirt, gonna get you dirty Lift up your skirt, I'm gonna get you dirty) Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man If you can't do it, then no one man (It's the (what) in the house, gonna get you dirty The Wu-Tang Clan gonna get you dirty) [Missy Elliott] I hopped on the scene, spit sixteen bars lean Cross your face like a smear of Mabeline Wet jeans, get rised, ecstatic clean Is it cuz my sex feel like you on morphine They-they think, I'm so much I talk tough, burn your mouth and handcuffs Makin' hits, I'm making paper, cake it up Lookin' haters in the face, like 'nigga what?' Now scream, how many of these muthafuckas respect me Cuz I'm the only chick who freak any beat So pack it up, with that O.D.B. Oh, it's a bad bitch... Shame on a nigga, who, who tried, to run game On a nigga, like a gold digger I pull my trigger, I bet my gun bigger Now how ya'll figure, that's how ya die quicker [Ol' Dirty Bastard] A Son, what? what? [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Die, drin', die, come on This is strictly for the radio Yo... can't stop... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Petey Pablo f/ Missy Elliott Album: Still Writing in My Diary: 2nd Entry Song: Break Me Off Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net [Petey Pablo] Man you see that Everytime they with all them big cars, we can't get nothin I don't like that, I don't like that at all I got myself some new funk And I'm, bout to get funked up, I said Well you got a lot of cash let me ask where yo maims Damn where you fro out of town or where you stay I got myself some new funk And I'm, bout to get funked up, I said You should play ball with the sweet game you play Girl, ain't no ball playin goin on round here [Verse 1 - Petey Pablo] Guess who jumped back in the izzle skizzle To get every boy on his, brother Tim Why you fuckin with him, he gone have you shame of yourself Out on a limb and to far, to call help I ain't hatin on him, I just heard it heard from him He heard it from him, so he must have done it to them Wait a cotton-pickin minute (Naw) y'all gone head Get in the bed, hike up ya legs, give him some head Girl play to win, work until the dick fall dead I'm just hopin, I can get a chance to poke it myself Yeah, for shizzle Mrs, Thizzle My pager number (877 for Petey Pizzle) [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] My man at the crib, nigga what the deal Look but don't feel, come on man I came to kill I think you wanna chill, cause you on the X pills In Zeffer hills, and make my titties look like the hills Beg if you will, like I ain't gettin no deal My ass give him chills, like a slut in high hills My body is a meal, like fries in the ville Now playa look at here, ain't nothin goin in my rear My night gown sheer, I know you want to tear Now can't you tear my underwear like apple and pears (Oh Yeah!) Oh yeah sheezy my neezy 7793 come on hit me when you need me [Verse 3 - Petey Pablo] Girl I got a half a pund of reffer, a thousand geeker pops Call up all yo homegirls, see if they can come out See if they'll show out, Freek-a-leek or somethin See if they can boun-bounce over these speed bump-bumps Make her blow the backdoor down Make her scream loud (AHHH!) Like on Girls Gone Wild, breaker break it down, turn it around (ha - ha - ha) I'm tryin to throw a hooker hip out Make her stick her tongue out (?) now sit down Aint but one helicopter pilot in this chopper now Show her what the chopper's about, you in Petey's house Tu-tu-turn around, make a right and get the hell out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Playa f/ Missy Elliott Album: Cheers 2 U Song: Ms. Parker Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com [Missy Elliott]  Hey mommy what a playaaaaaa?  Yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo (x4)  Black, black, black  (Ms. Parker what you suckin' on?)  Standin' on the bus stop suckin' on a lollipop  [Static (Missy)] Hey, hey Ms. Parker what's you address?  (Yo Yo, whatchu say, Static?)  Hey Ms. Parker can I caress?  [Black] Mmm Ms. Parker glad to meet you  Mmm mmm Ms. Parker I do need you  Tell 'em now  [Chorus- Playa]  Listen to my heartbeat  Feel my wet lips  Ms. Parker don't you trip 'cause  Girl I know you want me  Listen to my finger snaps  You dig the way I roll  And the way a brotha act?  And your ex can't top that  [Smokey (Playa)] Oh oh Ms. Parker what's that up your skirt?  Oh oh oh Ms. Parker you know I'm a flirt  Oh oh oh Ms. Parker can I ride with you?  (I've never seen this side of you)  And if you've got time to listen  [Missy Elliott rap]  Y'all know 'bout Ms. Parker  Capital P-A-rker  Lived at the corner of Fort Ruckus and Walker  Always a talker, late booty caller  Big squeeze them nuts, them spaghetti meat  Baller stalker watch Ms. Parker get freaky  Smoke too much reefa 'til she cheeky  Ms. Parker got the mara weekly  Give me funk 'til I'm stinkin'  And if you wanna battle come and see me  Check it one time  [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Q-Tip f/ Busta Rhymes, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliot Album: Vivrant Thing Remix 12" Song: Vivrant Thing Remix Typed by: platinumivlife@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com Violator makin' you sweat Violator we doin' our thing Violator we bringin' the pain Violator we doin' our thing Violator we bringin' the pain Violator we makin the stand Violator we doin' our thing Uh, check it out now Uh, yeah yeah now Uh, check it out now Uh, no doubt yo [Q-Tip] You such a thang, a sexy little thang I'm Hot Boyin' it, admirin' your chain You got a fella nose wide on the reala's side I wanna dance real close, ride up when you're hot Playin' games yo, I never cared about it much But you the girl who keep her eyes closed and smokin' dutch For real, you sucha little pretty bell You make a nigga front pants hit the mean swell Whatchu say? I said you stimulate my brain cells But it's one thing I really wanna say What? 1 - 	[Q-Tip] 	You're such a vivrant, vivrant 	Vivrant, a vivrant, vivrant  	Yo, you such a vivrant, vivrant 	Vivrant, a vivrant vivrant [Missy Elliot] You got some new shit, tryin' to gas me so we can do it Boy, you ain't slick because I keep all dogs trained I'll make you scream my name Oh, you's a hot boy, before you talk junk, whatchu got boy?  If you let me touch, I'll wake it up, boy Let you supply me for a month, boy Oh well, get up boy, I like it rough boy But if it's too rough, take a detour Slide right down to my seashore  By the way I don't smoke, so what the weed for? You get a low score Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Busta Rhymes] Yo, it's such a vivrant, vivrant  Immaculate baby, you're lookin' magnificent, different shit Whiles we talkin', let's get intimate Frontin' like you ain't even fuckin', actin' all innocent Wait, you know you fuckin' with the fresh, baby When I bunch, you're the type to say "rub it in my flesh, baby" Crazy the way you chatter lay me like a baby On the mattress, caress and lick me like a nestle's, baby Woo, you put a tingle up a nigga's spine Got me twitchin' all funny while we fuckin' and spillin' wine, yo I love the way my shorty treat me How she be throwin' it back, the way my shorty freaky Yeah, my shorty wildin', it's a full moon While I'm blowin' her back with surveillance all up in the room Damn, so now we fuckin' like we ignorant  Ladies who we can get with the vivrant, vivrant, yo, It's such a vivrant, vivrant, a vivrant viv' A vivrant, vivrant, yo, yo  That's just a vivrant, vivrant, vivrant, viv' Yo yo a a yo yo yo yo It's such a vivrant, vivrant, vivrant, viv' Vivrant, vivrant, yo yo  It's such a vivrant thing, a vivrant viv' Yo yo a a yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Redman f/ Missy Elliott Album: Malpractice Song: Dat Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo.. (Fuck that nigga, look at her toes) Yo! (You know you like toes nigga) Bitches be talkin too much out here (God DAMN mami, you the one!) .. Dat bitch, dat bitch (Nigga that's that bitch right there) .. Dat bitch, dat bitch .. Dat bitch, dat bitch, dat bitch (Always poppin off at the mouth) .. Dat bitch, dat bitch Turn it up some! Turn my voice up some That BITCH! .. Dat bitch (Where the fuck you at?) .. Dat bitch, dat bitch, dat bitch Funk Doctor Spock (Where she at yo?) .. Dat bitch, dat bitch, dat bitch (There she go, there she go yo) (Nigga there she go) Over there that bitch (Nigga there she go) (Nigga here we go..) Yo, dat bitch - the one that'll shut her mouth Don't give a fuck if not my album out Dat bitch, that'll hustle too Pull out the baby .380 ask, "Who the fuck are you?" Dat bitch - that'll go out like +Army Men+ Dat bitch - wrappin her hair in Barbie pins When the pressure's on, you'll find a bomb in your car in your trunk on the road to Arlington Yo, dat bitch - the one that'll take control Brought me a 2-way when my pager broke Dat bitch - that'll love to fuck, take it in the butt When the Doc comes, she won't wipe it up Dat bitch - that'll whip a car better than me Yo, dat bitch - splittin cigars better than me Dat bitch - tattooes on her back and arm And you see my name when the track is on Dat bitch - that'll jump out dolo With her toes in a pump with a shotgun pump out Dat bitch - that'll roll proper, two phones One for tricks and one for callin the Doctor Dat bitch - that'll give me brain when I'm thinkin Dat bitch - that's makin me more insane than a ink pen Dat bitch - that ain't scared to whup her kids Know to bail Doc out when my ass in the precinct [Chorus: repeat 2X] Dat bitch, the one that'll shut her mouth That'll keep it on the low what I'm all about Dat bitch, when I'm on the run, she give me a gun * 1 - Hide me out at her father's house * 2 - Hide me out at her momma's house Dat bitch, that'll give me brain when I'm thinkin Dat bitch, that's makin me more insane than a ink pen Dat bitch, Doc need a real bitch for this go-rilla, rilla, rilla, rilla [Missy Elliott] I'm dat beatch, B-I, T, C-H Won't fuck a nigga until it's payday Make him think I'm in love, oooh baby Fuck witcha nigga, makin motherfuckers hate me Dat beatch - I'm in the classified Dat beatch - make a nigga go and buy me a ride Do you know who, I be? I'm the M-I crooked, letter Y nigga Bad to the Bizzy Bone Quick bitch talk shit night long I run shit, done done shit Pop a gun shit, slap a bum bitch Dat beatch - yo you heard it first from me Dat beatch - ain't nuttin but the same O.G. Dat beatch - I'm, rollin and strokin and jokin and workin I'm [Missy Elliott] Heyyyyy, you're the only one for me Yeahhhh-ahhh-ehhhhhh Reggie Noble.. keep it gangsta.. eh-hehh, mmmm She's the one, she's the one, only one Heyy-eyyy, lives her life, pays the price When she keeps it gangsta, yeahhh-hahhh Ohhhhh, yeahhhhahhhh.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Black Rob, G. Dep, Missy Elliott, Snoop Dogg Album: We Invented the Remix Song: That's Crazy (Remix) Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Black Rob] (P. Diddy) Y'all ain't ready (The saga continues) The tootsie roll (We still here, keep it up, keep it up) Yo, PD, Bad Boy, Alumni, BR (keep it up, keep, keep, keep it up) [Black Rob] I had this bad bitch uptown, she was whoa! (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Almost had me pushing up daisies (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Had some big nigga with keys to the crib (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Just came home from doing a bid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now how you ain't gon change the locks? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Didn't sit there and call the cops (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Got up out the back door like whoa! (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Hop in the Excursion with sixteen wheels (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yeah you love it how we huggin the curb (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus it's jumpin off up in the spot (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Boobie cat, lapdance with kid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus the similin chick put in the bid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the driver smoking chron (OH THAT'S CRAZY) If he crash, then we all gone (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck it, pump the sound to ten (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Catch BR on the cover of Spin (OH THAT'S CRAZY) [Chorus: Black Rob] Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [Missy Elliott] Just broke up where this kid is stayin (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause I found out he was a One Minute Man (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I'm like, dad, can you get my freak on? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause he couldn't last one minute long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I'm like boy, don't you know I'm addictive? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Admit this the lines that I spit is ridiculous (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Oh, how dare he play me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Told him next time he want to fuck me, pay me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause I been waiting too damn long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And I know if ya scared bring that tired ass home (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Oh, man ya know that's crazy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I need to find out if ya feel what I'm saying (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [P. Diddy] You had the nerve to say I had a gun (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man for twelve years I had to run (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And ain't a threat in my family, dogg (THAT'S CRAZY) Courthouse got my name in the law (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And they ain't care if my name Sean John? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Or about the movie star chick on my arm (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Even had foul shit to say to my moms (OH THAT'S CRAZY) They even called the office to say it's a bomb (OH THAT'S CRAZY) But yet, I'm supposed to be so calm? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Tavis Smiley, I killed him with the charm (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yeah, looked like there wasn't nothin' wrong (OH THAT'S CRAZY) That's how it is when you in the game so long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, we been had the keys to the city (OH THAT'S CRAZY) From now on, it's no Puff, just Diddy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, New York never looked so pretty (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Can't picture NY without no Diddy (OH THAT'S CRAZY), oh no! Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [G. Dep] Yo, how Dep ain't on, that's crazy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, I wouldn't miss this if ya paid me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Come through man, pop the lock (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck cops, we watch the block (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yo, we hustle when them cameras is hidden (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I did a bitch, still puttin my bid in (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Shit, it's hard to get one red cent (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And they charging this high ass rent (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And now my back pocket starting to leak (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Somebody get this nigga something to eat (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I got a meal when I signed my deal (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus trains, planes, and automobiles (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the bank done stretching my credit (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the boobies got a G. Dep fetish (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Thousand dollar honeys givin me leather (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Over-respect due to "Let's Get It" (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [Snoop Dogg] Waking up with a braud (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And I don't even know her name, dogg (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I'm on the run from the law (OH THAT'S CRAZY) These fools runnin up and chickens raw (OH THAT'S CRAZY) It's a G from the streets (OH THAT'S CRAZY) That fool working with the police (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Don't bring that fool around me no more (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And to think he tried to sell me some glo (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Good thing I had my head on straight (OH THAT'S CRAZY) So I'ma snake his little freak on a date (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Went straight to the mizzel, tizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I drove straight past my hizzel, dizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) It's a slizzel nizzel fa shizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) On the wizzel fa dizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I do a verse for a sweat suit and a G (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause it's all in the motherfucking family (OH THAT'S CRAZY) [Chorus 3x] Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shawnna f/ Missy Elliott Album: Worth Tha Weight Song: What Can I Do Typed by: DIRTY_BOY615@yahoo.com (intro 2x) What can I do.. Cause I can't keep from drinkin this yak And I can't keep from smokin dem sacks Am I a fool What can I do.. Cause they be callin me all the time And I think I'm gonna lose my mind What can I do (verse 1) Damn... I'm fucked up again and I think I'm finna throw my guts up again But I can't move cause I'm stuck off the Gin and the Henn and Bicardi and Remy, lets hit the party its in me And I still got a fifth of sommo whiskey Tipsy, feelin real shiesty and risky Bangin a bitch if she wanna get frisky Niggaz wanna get up on the fifth lets go! Niggaz wanna get up on a O lets roll Niggaz got da 50s of da dro and they swole Put it in da Swisher finna smoke it like whoa Dont understand me I don't want a Grammy Just hand me a hand fulla goddamn whammys Fluffed out and fancy packed where dat Yancy Now ride bumpin How High in da Camry. Whoa! (chorus- Missy) Dude... I stay so high... I can't stop drinkin.. I feel like a fool am I losin my mind Baby Bubba I'm Dude... I stay so high... I can't stop drinkin.. I feel like a fool am I losin my mind (verse 2-Shawnna) Aint gon front like I don't smoke huff Thats prob' why a muhfucka throw so rough I drink dark liquor so I think I'm tough A lot of scared niggaz didnt think I bust Midwest niggaz do it minked out plush Six piece wings wit the fruit punch crush Project niggaz from the hundreds to the low 151 got my stomach on the flo' Matter fact y'all can't fuck wit da 'Go Kanye wit da hot track Shawnna wit da flow Most of y'all bitches can't top what ya know Signed out fa 16 bars through the door So act like ya know bitch smackin dem hoes Smokin a sack packed in a Tahoe Kids in da back, swig in my lap Cops on my track so I hid me a strap I'm gone (chorus) (verse 3- Missy) Its Missy and ya know dat, locate me like a Lojack I'm on ya back like a nap sack And when I rhyme you betta go back To da lab goddamn man I'm tighter than a wavecap Nah muthafucka can I say that when I'm bouncin on dem 24 babies They be goin like wa wa wa wa wa wa Man I be fuckin yo man... and I already done did dat, y'all chicks betta sit back and relax Now listen up fa the feedback Me and Shawnna in da H2 Hummer gettin tan for the summer I caught real breezy, whack bitches y'all greedy And if ya don't write ya rhymes then easy Cause we don't believe that And me and Shawnna shut it down best believe it (chorus) What can I do What can I do Artist: Ashlee Simpson f/ Missy Elliott Album: L.O.V.E. CD-Single Song: L.O.V.E. (Remix) Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [Ashlee Simpson] L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, V-E, L-O, L-O [Missy Elliott] Yeah      This is an Ashley and Missy Elliott remix [Ashlee Simpson] "I'm talking about love" ("Love...") [Ashlee Simpson] (Verse 1) All my girls stand in a circle and Clap your hands, this is for you Ups and downs, highs and lows, and no Matter what you see me through My boyfriend, you don't answer on my telephone I don't even know where the hell he goes All my girls, we're on a circle and Nobody's gonna break through [Chorus: Ashlee Simpson] L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, V-E L-O, L-O, L-O (Oh, do you hear me say) L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, V-E L-O, L-O, L-O (Oh, do you hear me say) L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, V-E L-O, L-O, L-O I'm talking about L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, V-E L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O I'm talking about love [Ashlee Simpson] Say you'll be my girls for life Girls for life {*scratched*} Say you'll be my girls for life Girls for life (Verse 2) Oh, hold up I need another one I think you You do, too Grab my bag, got my own money, don't Need any man In this room My boyfriend, he'll be calling me now anytime I need all my girls to keep him off my mind So hold up We need another one But what we got Is all good [Repeat Chorus] [Ashlee Simpson] {*scratched*} "Clap-yo-yo-your-your-han-han-hands" Bridge: Ashlee Simpson Love is an energy, love is a mystery Love is meant to be true Love is a part of me, love is the heart of me Love is the best thing we do [Repeat Bridge] [Ashlee Simpson] All my girls      All my girls [Missy Elliott] COME ON! [Rap Verse: Missy Elliott] Me and my girls Yeah, we got money We go out to the club when our men's act funny Put on our Louie Vitone's, we look stunning Don't blame me if I look good, honey See my jewelry shine, I keep the room sunny Throw on my model smile, the guy's love me In the club, clapping our hands, and fans shoving Other chicks mad cause they might look ugly (Ashley, say) L-O, L-O, L-O, L-O, V-E Hello fellos, my kisses all to me And they blow kisses to me cause I'm a lil' cutie And I'm not a little flu'sy, I'm stingy with the booty I tried groupies, y'all see how they run to me And I know they wanna do me, I'm hot as a jacuzzi Now me and Ashley, we rock the mic, right On the remix, we keep the club, hype So dig us up in the cut all night Me and Ashley got what the people like [Repeat Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sista f/ Missy Elliott Album: 4 All The Sistas Around Da World Song: 125th Street Typed by: sickalicious_2004@hotmail.com [Intro - Missy & LaShawn] Uh, Sista's rollin up on the 125th dida-di-dang-dang -dida-di-dang-dang- dida-di-dang-dang, uh Sista's rollin up on the 125th dida-di-dang-dang -dida-di-dang-dang- dida-di-dang-dang, uh Sista's rollin up on the 125th dida-di-dang-dang -dida-di-dang-dang- dida-di-dang-dang, uh Sista's rollin up [Verse 1 - Missy] You see me goin in a circle, I say wine ya body I say me ruff neck boys look ruff and ready I got pressure from my peers so I gotta have a beer And I set you on fire, like my nigga Richard Pryor Splifs are for higher, Mama Dory sourer I sport my Sista power, give me an hour to be down with Jodice Meet me on the 125th, get a left on my hydraulic drop top I got my 47 Chevy, I is heavy like Heavy D And your Mr. Big Suff, yeah I like a ruff thump thump Me and the back stroke, then its time go Then its time to meet my Sistas Clan on 125th street Dang, dang Sista's rollin up on the 125th dida-di-dang-dang -dida-di-dang-dang- dida-di-dang-dang, uh Sista's rollin up on the 125th dida-di-dang-dang -dida-di-dang-dang- dida-di-dang-dang, uh Sista's rollin up on the 125th dida-di-dang-dang -dida-di-dang-dang- dida-di-dang-dang, uh Sista's rollin up on the 125th street The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sista (Missy Elliot) f/ Craig Mack Album: Dangerous Minds soundtrack Song: It's Alright Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au 	It's alright 	As you may have heard 	To smoke the fat one and let the thunder burn 	It's okay, to play this loud 	Mr DJ, don't mean to sweat you down [Missy] I stuck my fingers in the socket, I blew up like a rocket in the market, now I cannot stop it Oh mami, oh papi, why they envy me? Messin up my creativity with all this negativity so now I'm drinkin gin-and-seng Anything to mess with my concentration with hallucinations of invasion, from waiting on the nation to get with my style Cos I'm about to transmit into some funky ish Can you get with this? Zay, villaveu, yes, ugh! They ask me if I'm nasty, they ask me, they bet me too Like osh-kosh-bigosh, osh cock suck their cocks Osh miss Miss iss oh shit I gets mad styles, get it get it I'm wit it wit it if you wit it, oh shit then let's split it into a 20 sack, and I'ma be back wit my boy Craig Mack like that, ugh! Chorus [Craig Mack] Don't sweat me down This jam needs a frontin MC, leave MC's shakin in the ground Here come the bumpenin sound Worth more than the coke that they sellin by the pound I walk the street like Shaft Hop to kick a paragraph, floatin on the funk like a life raft Down with Sista, it's the MC brezzle twister Mackalicious boy I'll pop you like a blister Craig Mack's a Jedi Knight with The Force of course I can run MC's thru my teeth like dental floss So back up and don't sweat me down Boo docks on locks, fat boys nabbed the home town And you can get the balls like that Hittin wicked like the funkalicious rhymes that's phat, uhh And we can get back in forth off the back Chorus [Missy] Oh if, I could bring sucker-suckertash When I farts I poops cash from my ass Cos If You Think You're Lonely Now like Bobby Womack in gangsta format, I dunk shit like Shaq I'm not greedy, I feeds the needy, I smokes a beady I feel, the need to stroke the weedy Oh big daddy, is you ready *slurp* to slurp me in your mouth like spaghetti? Hi Ho Silver, ya killer, my drug dealer fo' reala, I drinks some Miller, ugh Look up in the sky ARGH ARGH!! It's a birdie, yes I'm worthy for certy Black eyed peas, all in my butt like fleas Oh we's smell panties All in my crack My amplifier's on the maxi light, Kotter Welcome Back Chorus [x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sista (Missy Elliott) Album: 4 All The Sistas Around Da World Song: I Don't Mind Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Timbaland] Yo baby I see you lookin' at me Word up, just talk to me And tell me what's on your mind, haha [Missy] When I'm alone, I close my eyes To think of you by my side When I'm asleep, I always dream That you and me were doing our own thang So is it hard for you to stop by my way And watch a little TV, lay back and conversate [Sista] I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time [Missy] Uh, it feels so good when I'm looking in your eyes Bodies, huggin' it's warm, all this wrapped so tight Lay back, fantasizing Of me and you layin' together, realizing [Sista] I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time [Missy's Rap] Uh, Scooby-Scooby Doo's got me good in my duty And I'm checkin' out these cuties Let me have a man-man nigga booty Yo I'm checkin' out the fly gear that my bigger nigga's sportin' He got the new air ?, and I wanna Yo, Mr. lover wants my body Cause he see that I'm a hottie, surprise me And I gotta make 'em cute And make 'em wanna wanna uh, uh, uh, uh, down my boots So you best be keepin' your composure Or turn the motive, I told ya down town means lower So if you got a problem sugar take your time Cause if you don't mind baby I don't mind [Sista] I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some, can spend some time I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time [Sista] I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time [Sista] I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time I don't mind if you don't mind Baby we can spend some time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sista (Missy Elliott) Album: 4 All The Sistas Around Da World Song: I Wanna Know Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Sista] I wanna know, I need to know, I wanna know, I wanna know If you're my man, I wanna know if you're the man for me I wanna know, I need to know, I wanna know, I wanna know If you're my man, cos, I [Missy's Rap] I've been itchin' can I getcha with this sweet poonanny But, uh, don't go downtown, like 2Pac keep ya head up I'm tryna get the hot to go down on ya I wanna just sucks up ya toes and I'm fallin' like whoa Deep in the mist yo, I'm high off the indo You seem to have a heart but you're big down ya jock Sweetalee, bumblebee, look at me And see I got the heeby-jeebies baby And you got it from me-he-he-he I really wanna know if you wanna go To the hotel, well nigga let me know Cos I got my Sista clan, my Sista house To see if I'm tired or if I wore ya out So check it out, yeah, where it is I really want [Sista] I wanna know, I need to know, I wanna know, I wanna know If you're my man, I wanna know if you're the man for me I wanna know, I need to know, I wanna know, I wanna know If you're my man, cos, I, I wanna know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sista (Missy Elliott) f/ DeVante Album: 4 All The Sistas Around Da World Song: Sista Bounce Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [DeVante] (Sista) (Oh) do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy), do the Sista bounce (oh) Do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy), do the Sista bounce (oh) Do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy), do the Sista bounce (oh) Do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy) [Missy Elliott] Here I come daddy, daddy Stroke your paddy-waddy pancakes When I rock the Sista bounce I make my ass shake Tango, Rock N' Roll Dance motherfucker, dance motherfucker, ho I got more bounce to the ounce when I ounce's amounts And I'm turnin' shit out, and I'm burnin' shit out Hot damn, I got my Sista clan freakin' That dance from ?, yeah I think I need a Phat bass line to make you pop that coochie For all you hot hoochies, shake your fishy sushi's Now I'm about to be out with my nigga DeVante swing me out, do the Sista bounce out [DeVante] (Sista) (Oh) do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy), do the Sista bounce (oh) Do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy), do the Sista bounce (oh) Do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy), do the Sista bounce (oh) Do the Sista bounce, do the Sista bounce Do the Sista bounce (there they go daddy) [Sista] Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh There they go daddy Oh, there they go daddy Oh, there they go daddy, daddy, daddy, daddy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skillz f/ Clipse, Missy Elliott, Pharrell Williams Album: Tony Touch - True Gangsta (Import) Song: Crew Deep (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Skillz] (Missy) Uh, yeah, remix, you know what it is, yeah It's the V-A, huh, remix, oh, yeah, aha, let's go You know (remix), oh, come on, check me out, uh [Malice] (Skillz) Patty cake, patty cake, V-A got plenty weight (whoo) Clipse and S-K-I double can only mean trouble (yeah) Hot like the eye on the storm, we gon' bubble (uh) Platinum is the jewel and plus we goin' double V-A, where the deer and the antelope play But you can still get your cantelopes sprayed (uh) Quick to show a nigga it ain't sweet down here Better change your way of thinking fore ya creeps round here [Pusha-T] (Skillz) Uh, Pusha, I keep more cain in the street Than the elderly and weak I put myself out of reach (uh), flow more sicker Ghetto rich, I brought shame to the beach (uh) Press your luck, twin blocks is tucked (aha) Call the crew ? cause they black as fuck (whoo) Tell me how y'all feel Clipse with Skillz, V-A love for real [Missy] (Skillz) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (uh) My click D double-E to the P (remix), BLAOW! I put two in your side (yeah) Flow in ya dough in ya motherfucking ride (remix) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (oh) My click D double-E to the P (remix) [Pharrell] (Skillz) I thought I told y'all dudes before Y'all dudes can't mess with me (Pharrell) Jamaican ? (uh), crimes and loot Mei Mei kitty speedin' me shampoo While y'all niggaz were shootin' pictures of Puffy (uh) I was shootin' niggaz on my little brother's huffy Y'all ? break ya uh uh, personally wake ya uh uh (yeah) I'm magic with the gun then ha, I'll make ya huff blast Sex, nigga, don't be a courageous fuck, uh uh (whoo) Cause a-k-a nigga, I A-K ya up On the campus I ? you Winnin', grinnin', spinnin' like champions do Oh, keep bitches on lock like the figure folds (uh) Come on, you ever seen a motherfuckin' brick of dough (whoo) The angels want me but I ignore them in my head (yeah) I still give my niggaz chills when they remember what I said Demand you have to take me up just know that that exist I said please look out for my kids cause I ain't givin' up shit (oh) [Missy] (Skillz) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (yeah) My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! (remix) I put two in your side (uh) Flow in ya dough in ya motherfucking ride (uh, V-A baby) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (yeah) My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! (remix) I put two in your chest (aha, uh) Ain't no other yet cause I'm the motherfucking best (yeah, remix, Skillz) [Skillz] (Missy) Yo, S-K-I, uh, L-L-Z, uh If you hollerin' at me you gotta holler at the V, oh A that is, uh, who gettin' hotter than we Picture me on 106 and I ain't hollerin' at Free, like (HOLLA!) Ha, while I refuse to speak We need helmets and shoulder pads cause my crew so deep Niggaz sweep, I can't affect your props in the streets, uh When I smack you, ya sound set will drop next week, oh Ya remix sick, uh, we can tell You got Clipse, Skillz, Missy and Pharrell, uh And we grindin' weaponary team, aha The way I keep switchin' throwbacks you think I had a time machine, oh That's how we do in the south That's why ya favorite rapper keep askin' me when I'm a come out, uh I'm still pimpin' the beats, uh, I'm like Kane And this the V-A version of the symphony, let's go [Missy] Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! I put two in your side Flow in ya dough in ya motherfucking ride Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! I put two in your chest Ain't no other yet cause I'm the motherfucking best The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dani Stevenson f/ Missy Elliott Album: Honk Your Horn (CD-S) Song: Honk Your Horn Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] Yeah, this is 2000 eternity And this is for my cadillac grill low riders Oh, if you got the escalator Any fly real shit, that you think is sick Blow your horns for me baby Oh, boy [Dani] Oh boy, what's your name And where did you get that escalade Damn I love the way you sit On 23's it's really sick Yo, can I catch a ride Do you mind if I bounce up in ya truck Ooh, I'm bout to lose my cool Have you ever seen a volcano erupt [Dani] (Missy) Truck on 20's and the rims is spinnin' Everybody get with it (honk your horn), get with it If your windows is tinted and your truck smells scented And you bout to get lifted (honk your horn), get lifted If you lookin' real fresh in your bird-bird ? Got money and ? (honk your horn) If your cadillac truck look like a million bucks (Yo, people what's up, honk your horn, uh oh boy) [Dani] (Missy) Oh boy, excuse my French (uh) But damn your truck is the shit (shit) I go with the flow (whoo) Ooh you're irresistible (uh) Yeah, can I drive your car (uh) And I'm gon' take it very far (ooh) Ooh, you and me a team (aha) Like afros and all the sheen (uh) [Dani] (Missy) Truck on 20's and the rims is spinnin' Everybody get with it (honk your horn), get with it If your windows is tinted and your truck smells scented And you bout to get lifted (honk your horn), get lifted If you lookin' real fresh in your bird-bird ? Got money and ? (honk your horn) If your cadillac truck look like a million bucks (Yo, people what's up, honk your horn, whoo) [Dani] (Missy) So (so) hot (hot) Rims (rims) shine (shine) Mad (mad) props (props) Seats (seats) recline (recline) So (so) hot (hot) Rims (rims) shine (shine) Mad (mad) props (props) Seats (seats) recline [Missy] (Dani) My rims keep shinin' like a flawless diamond Everytime I put my 'Llac on the roll (roll) You need to stop spyin' on my see-through diamond Make you think I just had to rob a toe Move from the truth, knock the chimney off the roof Gotcha comin' out ya booth so my (my my my my my my) Bir-birdy suits keep Missy looking cute But I keep a close eye on ya guy, uh [Dani] (Missy) Truck on 20's and the rims is spinnin' Everybody get with it (honk your horn) If your windows is tinted and your truck smells scented And you bout to get lifted (honk your horn) If you lookin' real fresh in your bird-bird ? Got money and ?, honk your horn If your cadillac truck look like a million bucks (Yo, people what's up, honk your horn) [Missy] (Dani) Ay yo, Dani (let's go) Oh you hurtin' 'em baby (let's go) You killin' 'em baby (let's go) Oh wait a minute now (let's go) You say (let's go), uh You say (let's go), uh You say (let's go) Truck on twinky's and my rims keep blingin' BLOW YOUR HORNS! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: SWV f/ Missy Album: Booty Call soundtrack Song: Can We [Missy] Ahah, ahehehe, yeah, ye-ye-ye-yeah Ahah, see Me and Timberland we got the shot that hits from here, from here to overseas The S-W-V's, check it, one time Ahah, ahah, ahh *rrrrrrrooooof!* see, umm Me I'm Supa Fly, Supa Dupa Fly Rub your hands up my thigh and go supa dupa high til you see my apple pie Tell me if you like, tell me if you like *rrrrrrrooooof!* Ahhh... [SWV] Baby (uh-huh) got me, tipsy, tipsy off the Remi (yeah), your love, tasty, baby You're sendin me (uh-huh), crazy, crazy can not, be a lady (yeah) I love the things you say to me! (Say what?) I like it when you talkin dir-tay! (uh-huh) Chorus: SWV Can we get kinky tonight? I got so many things on my mind I never seen a guy so fly I like it when you do me do me Can we... (uh-huh), can we get kinky tonight? (yeah) I got so many things (say what?) on my mind (uh-huh) I like it when you squeeze me tight (uh-huh, uh-huh) *rrrrrrrooooof!* [SWV] Ooooooh honey, got me, so high, so high I can't lie, about the way you play me *SWV and Missy* If you want me, then take me *uh-huh* You sendin me, crazy, crazy, baby (yeah) I love the way you taste me Yes you taste me like pas-trayyyyy Chorus: SWV Can we get kinky tonight? (uh-huh) I got so many things *with Missy* on my mind I never seen a guy so fly (yeah, yeah, yeah) I like it when you do me do me (uh-huh) Can we... (uh-huh) can we get kinky tonight? (yeah, yeah, uh-huh) I got so many things on my mind (yeah, yeah, uh-huh) I love it when you squeeze me tight (Uhh, spin me, spin me, uh-huh) [SWV] Spend the night with me Spend the night with me... (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Spend the night with me (uh-huh... uh-huh) Don't care what we do (no no) Just as long as I'm with you (uh-huh, c'mere baby) Chorus: SWV Can we get kinky tonight? (uh-huh) I got so many things *with Missy* on my mind *with Missy* I never seen a guy so fine I like it when you do me do me Can we... can we get kinky it tonight? Got so many things on my mind I wonder can you squeeze me tight (uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) [Missy] Aheheh, heh, can we get kinky tonight-night? Got so many things on my mind Never seen a guy so fine I like it when you do me do me Uhh, a-huh, uh-huh Can we get kinky tonight-night? I got so many things on my mind I wonder could you squeeze me tight *rrrrrrrooooof!* uh-huh We could sit, in the back of my 300 We kissin and we fondlin We high and we blunted Take me if you want it To the Ho-Jo, up all... night like No-Doz, yes I got the feelin Feel me-blow, don't ask me if I'm nasty Freaky deaky see y'all can't see me Me Timberland and S-W-V We hit you with the heheheh Now shall we? *rrrrrrrooooof!* Hah-hah, check it out Chorus: SWV Can we get kinky tonight? I got so many things on my mind I never seen a guy so fine I like it when you do me do me Can we get kinky tonight? I got so many things on my mind I wonder can you squeeze me tight? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tamia f/ Missy Elliott, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg, Warren G Album: Can't Go for That 12" Song: Can't Go for That (Remix) Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com [Snoop] (Missy) What's happenin' baby? (what's up Snoop?) Over there lookin' all good (heh, yeah) Oh, you don't like gangsta's? (I mean) But you ain't even heard what I have to say I, I just look like this (yeah right) No, nah, hear me out (yeah) On the real (oh) Check this out (uh, do it, uh) [Snoop] Baby, you finer than a muth... I don't play basketball or do the fashion mall They call me Doggy Dogg, the realest of 'em all You got problems? Then holla at the big Dogg I come get ya bone, play dumb for you I got a little somethin' to do Then I got a little somethin' for you Just don't play no games with me baby Cuz I could get you what you need If you just let a gangsta proceed Spank you, drink you up under the table And at the end of the night, I let you run my doghouse Kink, erotic, exotic, whatever You want it? I got it You can get it forever DPG, see, that's my set If you get with me, I'll give you somethin' that you'll never forget 1 - [Tamia, Missy]  I can't go for that, no no, no can do  I can't go for that, no no, no can do  I can't go for that, no no, no can do  I can't go for that, can't go for that  Can't go for that [Warren G] You said it's on, babygirl, I could tell in your voice I want it all, breasts and thighs, plus a short mini-skirt Make it work, so I can see you jiggle And play dot to dot, let me put it in the middle Make you wiggle like a worm when this ball is dropped No Viagra needed, cuz you know I stay weeded Like a champion soldier, uh And it ain't no fun if I can't hold ya You can't go for that? You better go for this Me and you on a ship sippin' Crys Reminisce babygirl, it's a thug world I'm a bad boy lookin' for a bad girl Like you, let me beat it, you don't need it 2-1-3'd out, Warren G'd out L-B-C'd out, what? So I could meet wit you Or you could meet at my house Repeat 1 [Missy] Nate Dogg [Nate Dogg] Girl, me, I got a bad attitude Oh oh, tell me what am I supposed to do (tell me) I only wanna get next to you, next to you Not like them other fools, that used to ball wit you I wanna groove wit you, like Ron Isley do (woo) We need to find us a place to play (place to play) Fix a time, and just get away Let's just go with Tamia, yeah (oh yeah) Ain't no runnin' errands today Don't need no money, you're straight Throw all your cares away Sip with gangsta Nate Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Missy] (Tamia) Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh (yeah yeah) Uh, uh, uh, uh (I can't go for that) Say what? Do it, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Uh, uh, uh, uh, out 2-1-3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Torrey Carter (TC) f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Life I Wanna Live Song: Take That Typed by: magoousher@aol.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Missy] Yo party people in da house Yo bang that shit Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang that shit Zhiggy, zhiggy, zhiggy, zhiggy, zhiggy, zhiggy, uh [TC](Missy) When I had no dough And I was low She didn't want me (What'cha say T?) When I didn't buy her clothes From the store She wouldn't flaunt me (Uh) Now I bag up all the hoes and I know That she digs me (What'cha say boo?) She ripped me off like clothes I suppose (Yo zhiggy, zhiggy take that) 1 - [TC]  Take that, get back  Dumb chicks tryna take my scratch  Hey trick, get back  Unless you gon let me hit that  Take that, get back  Dumb chicks tryna take my scratch  Hey trick, get back  Cuz I might have to... [Missy] Zhiggy, zhiggy, zhiggy uh yo Bang that shit, bang, bang, bang that shit Yo uh [TC](Missy) When I had no car, no car She wouldn't call me (What'cha got boo?) Now she think I'm a star I'm a star Now she follow me (he-he, uh) Had to change all my codes To my phones (yo) Coulda had me first, me first (Yo, so you tell her, uh) Repeat 1 [Missy] Zhiggy, zhiggy, zhiggy uh yo Bang that shit, nigga bang that shit Zhiggy uh [TC](Missy ad-libs in background) This is for the playa in you This means I'm not fuckin' wit' you This means no more money for you This means you can get the steppin' This is for the playa in you This means I'm not fuckin' wit' you This means no more money for you This means you can get the steppin' Repeat 1 (2x) [Missy] Bang, bang, bang, bang that shit Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang that shit nigga uh Bang, bang that shit Bang, bang, bang, bang that shit Yo, yo bang that shit Bang, bang, bang, bang that shit Yo, yo bang that shit Bang, bang, bang, bang that shit Out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Dr. Dre, Missy Elliott, Justin Timberlake Album: Shock Value Song: Bounce Typed by: LeeDub614@hotmail.com Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here girl, bounce Come her girl, come here girl, come here gi- ir- rl [Timbaland] Lemme see them big titties, don't be actin' sadidy you're not pretty Break bread if you wanna get with me, all I wanna do is dig up in them kidneys Tell your boyfriend he better mind his business for he end up in the trunk of my Bentley I'm considered a boss you can't get me, you ain't got enough paper to deal with me Babygirl wanna two step wit me turn around wit her ass up against me Roll along and got tipsy then tonight, tommorow you the mystery All you haters on that hoe shit miss me, I stay strapped security don't frisk me Fed it off til the motherfucker empty, I'll turn around and do the same shit next week come on (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] [Dr. Dre] There she go, just what the doc's been lookin for She just what I need, lookin Chinese like ~Sum Yung Ho~ I gotta bungalo we can disappear for a week or so Yeah, I gotta stadium flow Superbowl with it like I'm Dungy yo Oh, yes, congratulations you run a millionaire invitation Sorry I'm so demanding, sick of dancing back to mansion and And this money handsome, ain't that a panty anthem I kill me just like you from the back you'll see (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] [Missy Elliott] Hold up, hell naw like Britney Spears I wear no drawls In the club I drink it up, goomp goomp drink it up Got Patron sippin' in my cup, hey, where's your man Bet that I could make him love me oooh When he see the jugs he will wanna rush to get a quick touch Of this big ole butt, mmmhmmm big ole butt Thick legs, big ole jugs legs stick like rims on the truck Take em to the crib, yeah we gon fuck You could call me a freak, I like to get BUCK, BUCK And I don't have to do much to make him get it up Sum Yung Hoe she worth two dollars I'm worth more dollars than make up beauty parlors I pop collars ca ca ca ca collars I on't buy shots, I only buy the bottles Only rich girls we only buy the bottles But like a porn star I'm best when to swallow (Timbaland)[Timberlake] (Bounce)[like your ass had the hiccups] (Bounce)[like we was ridin' in my pickup] (Bounce)[why you lookin' so sad babygirl you need to cheer up] (Bounce)[I got the remedy, it's you on me and me on you] [It's you on me and me on you and you on her] [And her on me, and her on you, and y'all on me] [And me on y'all and y'all on me menage a trois, menage a twa ahh uhh] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Magoo, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Here We Come Typed by: magoousher@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Timbaland] Another one 	[Playa] 1 - 	Here we go so wave your hands 	For Missy, Maganoo, and Timbaland 	We gon' show you how to party right 	So pass the UHH and get the hype 	Alright, we gon' party tonight [Magoo] If you're livin' for love, start livin' for life If you're having a baby, then make her your wife If you're up in the club where the dub It's like a bank sell to the highest bid Put the cash in your bank Girl I'm lovin' your booty, you can "hoo" to my blow Then fish but please honey child, don't kiss All I want is a freak when I'm up in the club Maybe after the dance, dinner sharp, then the tub I'm a nigga wit' class, you're a girl with a job Taste of my neck like corn on the cob I'm second to none, I'm freaky as ever Go downtown, "Well I never" [Timbaland] Uh, uh Well I'm the man, that they call Timbaland Now he the bir-ba-bir-ba-bird, understand? We gon' party, until the sun comes up Bartender, you forgot to fill up my cup, uh Ain't no stoppin' until your draws start floppin' There won't be no beef unless the disc stop jockin' (what?) She said this, and he said that And he said that Timbaland can't rap But I don't care because I make dope tracks I make you bounce and wiggle, and do this and that Timbaland, where you live at? VA baby, believe dat [Missy] Aiyyo, aiyyo Now I'm rich, I once was poor If you're late with my dough, then there's no show I grease my hair and it still won't grow If you feel my butt, boy you gotta go Out the back for touchin' my back For trying to jack every Timbaland track Maganoo, where you was? They been bitin' our style, those silly bugs Where's the spray? I'ma spray 'em good So the next time they bite they die like "Ugh" I'ma roll up the biggest dutchie Get some sweets cuz I got the munchies Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Magoo] He he Girl, when the bar open up five rum Everybody wanna get a buzz, get some 9 out of 10, all girls gonna freak Just gon' depend on who they gonna freak Don't gotta floss, all girls know they name Only near, chillin' in the club, no game Brotha mad at me cuz I got cheddar cheese When the club close got his girl on her knees Oh man please, learn the two degrees Degree number one, keep your hon off trees Degree number two, keep your girl 'round you Never trust a girl, Lord knows what she do [Timbaland] Uh huh Tricks - is what I got in my bag Hits - is what I make out the lab Ritz - is the crackers that I eat Bitch - is what a man don't need Rubber - shows I'm a careful lover Stutter - is what I do in trouble, what? [Missy] My man, Timbaland He make beats for the streets See, me and Maganoo In the back rollin' trees Gettin' high off the phone Tell a nigga what chu want, HEY! [Missy] Now, I'm in the S-L-K I roll up the window, so the 'doo won't sway Spray my hairspray so the waves obey So when I say stay, them bitches stay Oh by the way Me and Timbaland, we got the beats to make you dance Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Playa (Aaliyah)] Doo-do-do, doo-do-do (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-do-do (Yea) Doo-do-do, doo-doo, doo doo doo (Yea) Doo doo, doo doo doo, doo doo doo........(Yea) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Aaliyah, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: John Blaze Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Uhh, yo Uhh.. uhh Uhh, yo yo John Blaze, John Blaze Uhh, uh-huh Uhh, UHH, mm-hmm, mm-hmm Yo John Blaze, ehehehe [Aaliyah] + (Missy) Why can't, I explain (I explain) explain (explain) And you keep, me so amazed (mmm) I'm so amazed/(I'm so amazed) Why do (yes), I feel this way (uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) Could it be (uh-huh), you're John Blaze/(John Blaze) You're John Blaze (uh-huh) Boy you blowin my mind, boy you blowin (uh-huh) my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way, (mm-hmm) ooh yeah  You're John Blaze (say what?) You're John Blaze (yo, yo yo) Boy you blowin my mind, (yo boy) boy I've lost my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way (ehehehe) You're John Blaze/(John Blaze, uh-huh, yo yo yo) Why am, I sprung out (uh-huh) I'm sprung out (uh-huh, uh-huh) Do you know, what I'm talkin bout, no doubt/(no doubt, yo yo yo yo) Why do (mm-hmm), I feel this way All I know (uh-huh), is you're John Blaze (you're John Blaze) You're John Blaze (you're John Blaze) Boy you blowin my mind (uh-huh), boy you blowin my mind (uh-huh) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you John Blaze) In every way, (John Blaze) ooh yeah  You look John Blaze (John Blaze) You're John Blaze  (yo, yiggy yo, yiggy yiggy yo yo yo you're John) Boy you blowin my mind, (uh-huh) yes you do (say what?) You look so fine (You sure was number one to me -- you're John Blaze) In every way (say what?) You look John Blaze (yo, yo) John Blaze [Missy + Aaliyah] I don't what it is, it's somethin bout you Got me in a daze, you amaze, everything, you do John Blaze You bad to the gizza, izza, kizza Mizza izza Supa, Dupa, Fly Nigga say what? I don't what it is, ehehe, it's somethin bout you Got me in a daze, you amaze, everything, you do John Blaze You crazy, yo, you bad to the gizza, izza, kizza Mizza izza Supa, Dupa, Fly Nigga ehehehe, yeah [Aaliyah] Boy you blowin my mind, boy you blow my mind You look so fine In every way, every way You look John Blaze, you're John Blaze  Boy you blowin my mind You look so fine, so fine In every way, ooh yeahahehahh You look John Blaze, John Blaze The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Kelly Price, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: Talking on the Phone Typed by: magoousher@aol.com [Missy] Yo yo yo yo Wah wah wah Yea yo yo Wah wah wah wah  Wah wah wah wah (uh huh) Yo yo  Wah wah wah  [Kelly - Verse One] I trusted her, my home girl from school (yea yea) Introduced her to my man, they became cool (uh) She told me that, that he loved me so (wah wah wah wah) I shoulda known she liked him all along (yo) They were [CHORUS] Talking on the phone (talking on the phone) Gotta get your own (you gotta get your own man) Leave my man alone (and leave my man alone) Callin' him on the phone  [Kelly - Verse Two] Don't hate a girl, cuz they too slick They smile in my face, all on my man's (ohh...ficky ficky) You don't know what, what I've been through I get it first, then I do it You [Repeat CHORUS] [BRIDGE] Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da Da da, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo) Daaaa, da da (yo yo yo yo) Da da, da da (ficky ficky) [Missy] Ficky ficky ficky S-U-P-A Fly, I'm cute I, keep yall bitches, chicken like soup What yall wan' do, I'm not that chick to talk shit Nor I'm that chick to fuck wit' Did you hear this? Did you get this? Watch Missy flip like an acrobatic My automatic Tongue tactic Flows like this Be the muthafuckin' shit (shit echoes) [Alien voice] What I need right now Is for yall You and Kelly I need for yall to To come meet me in space Now could yall sing that for me again That first verse [Kelly] I trusted her, my home girl from school (yea yea) Introduced her to my man, they became cool (uh) She told me that, that he loved me so (wah wah wah wah) I shoulda known she liked him all along (yo) They were [Repeat CHORUS] [Alien voice] How do yall like space? (wah wah wah wah) Can you dig it? Now if you like space for all my martian people out there I need all yall to put yalls hand up If you can feel me So I need Kelly to sing the second verse for me [Kelly] Don't hate a girl, cuz they too slick They smile in my face, all on my man's (ohh...ficky ficky) You don't know what, what I've been through I get it first, then I do it (what she doin' girl) You Talking on the phone (say what) Ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (can you feel it) Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (say what, yea) Ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-ta-talking on the phone (yea, say what, yo yo yo yo yo) Talking on the phone (I'm feeling quite good right now) Talking on the phone (but it's time for me to take my spaceship to another level) Talking on the phone (cuz right now I dont think the world is ready for Timbaland) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (I'm on that next level, can you dig it) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (can you dig it) Ta-ta-talking on the phone (I don't think so) [Alien] Come to the light, Kelly! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Missy Elliott Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Cop That Shit Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: Missy Elliott] We are the VA players Love to the Neptunes and the Clipse To ya bootleggers we breaking off both of ya legs The underrated Maganoo, comin' with the unexpected The run away slave I, Mistameanor Escaping from all ya fraudulent players Last but not least, the heavyweight champion, Mr. Mosley [Verse 1: Timbaland] It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you Without some little nieces and nephews To cover all the beats, and the rhymes I been through Time's up, sorry I left you Thinking of this, I keep repeating them hits Like that Aaliyah, Timberlake, or Missy Elliott shit (Shit) As you sit by the radio, hands on the dial tone As you hear it, pump up the volume Jump when you hear them speakers left it off (Off) Mr. VA 'bout to set it off Well I don't know what you heard, and I don't know what ya know Well my folks don' told me, (YOU GOT IT! Oh) So, "Up Jumps the Boogie", let the record work (Uh huh) And put me on like you red alert 'Cause it's the big bad Timmy, Maganoo, and Missy Like THREE THE HARD WAY!, comin' straight out of Virginia [Chorus: Missy Elliott] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers giving em bootlegs We breaking off both of ya legs, COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) Stop burnin' CD's for ya friend and I'ma say it again, nucca COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) 'Cause this the hot shit, out on the streets So when you hear this CD go and COP THAT SHIT! (Oh Lord) [Verse 2: Missy Elliott] When you say you love me, it doesn't matter It goes into my head as just chit-chatter You may think I'm egotistical or just very free Won'tcha say I go tell it to, TIMOTHY! People say I'm whack, but they don't tell me so Let them pretend to be me, then they know I hate when one, pretend to fantasize Fact I despise, those who even try Sweat between my thighs {*sniff*} never stinking Yo dream is over, career sinking I told all of you, like I told all of them Whatcha say to me be, DICK TO YA CHIN! In one ear and right out the other "Ayyio Missy you ugly!" yeah ya mother I don't pay attention, I don't concentrate You ain't got the bait, that it takes to hook this, huh [Verse 3: Magoo] I'm your idol, the highest title, numero uno I'm not a Puerto Rican but I do look up to Vagil And understand I got the gift of speech And it's a blessing, being from them VA streets I talk sense condensed in the form of a poem If I wasn't writing rhymes I'd be breaking in homes I'm kinda young, so my gun's my security I'm not afraid nucca do what you gon do to me I get paid when your record is played To put it short, heh I got it made I'm talented, yes I'm gifted My uppercut boy that'll get ya lifted You got cash? man stop frontin Living off damn every record that you cutting My name Magoo and I roll wit two stars Every CD we split 48 bars My name Magoo and I'm a supadupa star Every other month I get a brand new car! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Inaya Day, Missy Elliott Album: Cop That Shit Remix EP Song: Cop That Shit (Mousse T Main Mix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Missy] (Timbaland) (Oh, huh) We are the V-A players Love to the Neptunes and the Clipse (huh, huh) To ya bootleggers we breakin' off both of ya legs, whoo The underrated Maganoo comin' with the unexpected, yeah The run away slave, I, Misdemeanor Escapin' from all ya fraudulent players, huh Last but not least the heavyweight champion, Mr. Mosley (I'm gon' do it for ya), come on [Timbaland] It's been a long time, time, I shouldn't have left you, aha Without some little nieces and nephews To cover all the beats and the rhymes I been through Time's up, up, sorry I left you, whoo Thinkin' of this, I keep repeatin' them hits Like that Aaliyah, Timberlake and Missy Elliott shit, shit As you sit by the radio, hands on the dial tune As you hear it pump up the volume Jump when you hear them speakers, let it off, off, whoo Mr. V-A bout to set it off, off Well I don't know what ya heard and I don't know what ya know But my folks done told me, you got it, oh, so Up jumps the boogie, let the record work, uh huh And put me on like you red alert Cause it's the big bad Timmy, Maganoo and Missy Like three the hard way comin' straight outta Virginia like [Missy] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) [Inaya Day] (Timbaland) (Oh) DJ's play my joint out loud Get their ears bangin', makin' 'em shout (aha) Said it once, I'll say it again Cop that disc is ready to spin [Missy] Cop that shit, oh Lord When you say you love me it doesn't matter It goes into my head as just chit chatter You may think I'm egotistical or just very free What ya say, I go tell it to Timothy, and People say I'm whack but they don't tell me so Let them pretend to be me then they know I hate when one pretend to fantasize Fact I despise those who even try Sweat between my thighs *sniff* never stinking Your dream is over, career sinking I told all of you like I told all of them What ya say to me be dick to ya chin In one ear and right out the other Ay yo Missy you ugly, yeah your mother I don't pay attention, I don't concentrate You ain't got the bait that it takes to hook this, huh [Missy] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) [Magoo] (Timbaland) I'm your idol, the highest title, numero uno (oh) I'm not a Puerto Rican but I do look up to Fat Joe (whoo) And understand I got the gift of speech And it's a blessing, being from them V-A streets (aha) I talk sense condensed in the form of a poem If I wasn't writing rhymes I'd be breaking in homes (whoo) I'm kinda young (oh), so my gun's my security I'm not afraid nucca do what you gon' do to me (come on) I get paid when your record is played To put it short (to put it short), huh, I got it made I'm talented, yes, I'm gifted (oh) My uppercut boy that'll get you lifted (whoo) You got cash, mand stop frontin' Livin' off a damn every record that you cuttin' (whoo) My name Magoo and I roll with two stars (stars) Every CD we split forty-eight bars (bars) My name Magoo and I'm a super duper star (star) Every other month I get a brand new car (whoo, come on) [Missy] DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and Cop that shit! (Oh Lord) [Inaya Day] (Missy) Yeah, DJ's in the mix shows you better go to the record store and (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) And to the bootleggers lovin' the bootlegs, we breakin' off both of ya legs (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) Stop dubbin' CD's for ya friend and I'm a say it again nucca (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) Cause this the hottest shit out on the street, so when you hear this CD go and (Cop that shit, Oh Lord) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gina Thompson f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Puff Daddy Album: The Things That You Do CD-5 Song: The Things That You Do (Bad Boy Remix) 	(Bad Boy) (The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you) 	(Check it out you know, check it out) (The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you) 	(Bad Boy, not gonna stop) [Gina Thompson] The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) Baby baby baby These feelings that I have I can't explain, and I can't believe that it's you The way you make me feel makes me happy, so why can't we just make it last The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) The love you give to me turns me on inside, and I can't deny how I feel Don't go, the things you do to me makes me happy, so don't you take your love away The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 4X) 	Every little thing 	Aowwww... keep on The way that you walk The way that you talk The way that you, give your love to me Don't ever take your love, away... baby don't you go-ohhh [Missy] Yo nigga what you taggin? You ain't rea-dy, for Puff Dad-dy Beware, how dare he make the remix so deadly (that's right) Pizzzow, Gomer be my Pyle like Sha-zam Hee hee hee hee how, hee hee hee hee hee hee how I run it to you like shoes oh you moves and I chose from the fly things CHECKIT that you do (ehehehe) Peruse, you dudes Can't You See like Total Kissin you got Gina runnin for the bo-rder BRRRRRRR-CLICK! Hit me on my car phone and if you got the hydro then me and you can roll Ohh, we can take a stroll on the beach but Bad Boy (Bad Boy) don't take the love away from me (That's right) The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) 	(Say what, say how... say what, say how) The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) 	(Regret, haha, Gina, say what, say how, say what) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gina Thompson f/ Missy Elliott Album: Gina Thompson Song: Yadi Ya Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Missy]: Uh-huh, uh, yo 1 - [Gina]:  Talking all that yadi ya  Makes me wanna say bye to ya  Well your body's pretty fly but'cha  Getting on my nerves all day, all night  With all that yadi ya  Really I can't lie to ya  I'm getting really sick and tired of ya  Getting on my nerves all day, all night Coming in late, from a goodnight Once I get in, it don't feel right Your all up tight, from the first sight Cause I did not return your page, well So you page me well that's nice If you page me once or twice But it's crazy, like ten times So tell me why you Repeat 1 So you got us thinking that it's you Well guess what, I'm not in the mood For the drama, this evening So I think you should be leaving I don't need this, it don't pay bills There are more guys with more skills Yeah your fly but your mouth kills Everything 'bout yourself Repeat 1 Right now I think you should be walking, walking Cause I'm so sick of all your talking, talking And later on no need to calling me, calling me On the phone when your feeling alone Because it is all sounding like your yadi ya [Missy]: Boy why you, aggravate me Everything you say Agitates me You've been bugging me Like you hate me And you be talking all that ya-ya-ya I'ma keep it real Here's the real deal You need to chill on out Get up out of here Don't try to play me Unless you pay my bills So what the hell with all that ya, uh Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott, Mocha Album: Kima Keisha and Pam Song: Do Something Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net [Mocha] Love I owe you none You a foney son You ain't the only one You a lonely one What I ain't tryin' to do, is lie to you Go find a clue, no time for you Won't beep you or see you, don't need you I could creep too How I leanred, peeped you Don't know what we do, we ain't people Don't wanna cheat you But catch you when I see you [Keisha] (Missy) The way he kissed my lips (yeah) He got me wet in my pants (yeah) mmmmmm He made my whole body start, to do something Was this a sign of a true man (oooh oooh ooh ooh) He began to dig me out (hey), out He began to give me his all (give me his all) When he began to go downtown, and do something That's when his girlfriend called And she was mad as a bitch and she said [Chorus - Missy Elliott] I know my man is there You best to put him on the phone Cause I'm out in your frontyard And I'm very pissed off Let me tell you now, you best to send him out And tell him that I'm upset Put my man on the phone Or this you will regret [Keisha] The way he touched my back (yeah) my back Felt like I had a heart-attack (yeah) oh whoa whoa whoa The way he walked and licked his lips It did something I was on it like that (oooooh) yeah yeah yeah yeah He liked to lick my face (yeah, my face) So I had to give him lot's of space (yeah) yeah mmm Just when he began to give me his all That's when his girlfriend called And she was mad as a bitch and she said [Repeat Chorus] [Mocha] Uh uh uh uh Yo, feel this babe You worried, so you're bills get paid While everyday, I'm makin' sure that this mill get made The car you flip yea ball, ain't even paid for Me, I got that title So I can keep either trade or Cop another And for hatin', you gon' stay poor Ain't sure, suspect chicks you stay with way more Can't test me, keep my name off ya guestlist We gettin' bent Like the 'L' in Lexus [Kima] (Mocha) I had it (what, GoldMine) Too many lies (and Bad Boy, and Mocha) Now you beggin' (Total) Just to be mine's But I caught ya Times before Now you sorry What you do it for [Repeat Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott Album: Bait (Soundtrack) Song: Quick Rush Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Uh, boy, you just don't know what you do to me Uh, you see you need me in places where no one has ever been Uh, and no one will ever go But you, oh, ooh, oh Uh, one, uh, uh, two, uh, uh, three, uh, uh Boy, oh boy, when are you coming home to me (when are you coming home to me baby, uh) Cause I've been lying here with my thongs on With my pretty drawers on, thinking how we used to be Do you remember how it used to be I said boy, oh boy, when are you getting out of jail (jail, when you gettin out of jail baby) With no bail, uh Cause I been backed up, really backed up And I'm ready like want to do your body good like milk (I could do your body good like milk) Baby, baby when you touch me, you give me a quick rush And I really wanna meet you, I cry cause I miss you much (oh, oh) Every minute that you're far away from me, so much pain When I reminisce about us makin' love it makes me scream (ow) Boy, oh boy, uh, I can't wait to see your face, uh I can't wait to see you baby, uh There's no other that can do it better than I do it Cause baby I'm the bait, baby, I'm the bait I say, uh, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy You got me sho nuff losin' my mind (I'm going crazy, I don't know why baby, uh) And I been waitin', anticipatin' While you regulatin', don't make me wait long time oh yeah baby, don't make me wait Baby when Baby when you touch me, you give me a quick rush, yeah And I really wanna meet you, I cry cause I miss you much (oh, yeah) Every minute that you're far away from me, so much pain (mmhm) When I reminisce about us makin' love it makes me scream (ow) Baby, baby, baby, I need you in my life I need you in my life, babe When you're gone, when you're gone It be blowin' my high, it be blowin' my high, baby Honey when you're coming home, when you're coming home, oh yeah Cause darling, I'm sick of being alone, uh Baby when you touch me you give me a quick rush And I really really want you, I cry cause I miss you much Every minute that you're far away from me so much pain When I reminisce us makin' love it makes me scream, ow, ow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott, Puff Daddy Album: Kima, Keisha & Pam Song: Trippin' Typed by: the520@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Puffy] Bad Boy '98 Total, Kima, Keisha, Pam Missy Talk to me yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah [Missy Elliott] Uh, Bad Boy Bad Boy My mic sounds nice Check one (oooh) Bad Boy My mic sounds nice Check two P-U-F-F I'ma make 'em, go deaf Make you say, who dat? Them Total bitches, bad asses Kima Keisha and Pam, oh shit God damn it, should you cram it, or slam it Damn right, I'ma jam it [Pam] Baby you sho' is somethin' See I won't, trade you For nothin' See everything, you do to me You got me trippin' And I'm satisfied And that's guaranteed I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you [Keisha] Baby yeah There's one thing, I'll mention Me and her (la la la la la la la) See she's no, competition So tell her That you're through with her And you're in love with me And that's Totally And you're dedicated, to me I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you [Keisha] (Mmmmmmmmmm) Baby (Mmm-mmmmmm) There's one thing (Mmmmm-mmm) I'll mention (Mmmmmm-mmm) Nah nah nah (Mmmmmm-mmm) See she's no (Mmmm-mmmm) Competition [Bridge] I won't quit it Till I get it Till I have it I'll admit it I'm in love (you got me, shit you got me) I won't quit it Till I get it Till I have it I'll admit it I'm in love (you got me, shit you got me) [Kima] Baby you know that You got me trippin' Ya see I'm open Baby I'm open Baby you know that You got me trippin' Ya see I'm open Baby I'm open I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you [Timbaland] Thank you, thank you [Puffy] '98, and we won't stop Nah nah nah nah, heh heh heh Yeah yeah yeah Missy, Misdemeanor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott Album: Soul Food soundtrack Song: What About Us (album version w/o rap) One, two, heh-heh, yeah Oh yeah, ah huh, ah huh, yeah Oh oh, heh-heh, ah huh huh huh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hit 'em off like this Baby, I seen you with another lady I just finished having your baby  Why'd you have to go, don't leave me Baby, you know I'm about to be swazey I can't stand my lovers being shady  Why'd you have to go don't leave me  (What about us) What about you, what about me What about us, what we gon' do Total help me sing, Total help me sing What about you, what about me What about us, what we gon' do Um hum, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey Baby, I know that you've been pimpin' Mr. Baller, tricking Why'd you have to go, go and leave me Baby, I always been your baby Don't make a girl go crazy  I can't understand why you left me What about me, what about you What about us, what we gon' do Total help me sing, ay What about me, what about you What about us, what we gon' do do do What we gon' do, what we gon' do (Sing it, one time) Do do, do do do do, do do do do, do do do (Total help me sing) Do do, do do do do, do do do do, do do do (yo, what about you) What about you, what about me,  What about us, what we gon' do Total help me sing, total help me sing What about me, what about you What about us, what we gon' do do do What we gon' do, what we gon do (Can ya help me sing, ah huh) Do do do do do, do do do do do, do do do do do (What we gon' do what we gon' do what we gon') Do do do do do, do do do do do, do do do do Do do do do do, do do do do do, do do do Do do do do do, do do do do do, do do do What we gon do what we gon do What we gon ah huh,  What we gon do yeah yeah yeah He he, another hit From Missy, Timberland, oo oo Whatcha gon do when we come for you Heh-heh, aight, we out one time Total Do do do do do, do do do do do, do do do do do Do do do do Do do do do do, do do do do do, do do do do do Do What about you, what about me, what about us What about you, what about me What about you, what about me, what about us What about you, what about me Do do do do do, do do do do do (what about what about) Do do do do do (what about you) Do do do do Do do do do, do do do do do (what about you, what about me) Ad lib until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trina f/ Missy Elliott, Tweet Album: Diamond Princess Song: No Panties Typed by: poopmunky32@aol.com [Chorus: Tweet] No Panties comin' off My love is gonna cost Cuz aint no way that you gone get up in this for free [Missy Elliott] NEW TRINA!!!! [Verse 1: Trina] Look boo, what the deals? You got my cash, so you stick it in here? I know you be packin' the steel  But I cant suck ya dick and get my lipstick smeared  Fuck nigga dont be grabbin' my braids You got some cash? Then I'm easily persuaded Taste ass these un-sauteed See I be cummin' all night & all day Uh Miss Trina, sim seema Fuck a beamer Got me benz and some rims  Tinted windows and some tens I'll tell you time again I'm fine enough to fuck your mans Looky here Slim I swerve to South Beach let me speak 'Fore you fuck me you gone treat? And put some Santinees' on my feet Take me to the beach Now crawl up in my wall real deep... OWW [Chorus: Tweet] [Missy Elliott] NEW TRINA!!!! [Verse 2: Trina] Bitch you ain't gotta like me Oh you his wifey? I think ya man like me He had me in the car with his hands on my bra Breathin in my face sayin (TRI - NA!!) OWW!! I aint tryin to disrespect Im just tryin to keep ya in check See I aint done yet Shit - I'm the type of bitch Break up happy homes like Trick Slow mo - easy Joe ya so and so I'm a super woman ask Mo (u know) The way I ride wood, Super good too good  And if your man won't you're daddy would, Bitch understood Slip N Slide - Miss Trina Did sold out the arena I'm a dead ringer  Three fingers, dig deeper All up in my gut nigga what? [Verse 3: Trina] Hey nigga whats the word? Watch my hips dont you like these curves? I want a crib in the deep suburbs Two dogs and a mockingbird Versace spread on my waterbed Now give me some head!!! (OOOH!!) Give me some head!!! (OOOH!!!) Miss Trina like to skits on red  and I'm the first to say it I'm the baddest bitch OW! [Missy Elliott] NEW TRINA!!!! [Trina] I'm the baddest bitch OW! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trina f/ Missy Elliot Album: Diamond Princess Song: Rewind That Back Typed by: luvindafox456@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Missy] Ugh, Ugh, Ugh....Woooo!!! [Verse 1: Trina] Yo, I'm a diamond in the rough See I roll from the slum Any little old city is like nowhere to run The game's on you till you stand on your own two Check this out niggas---This is what we gonna do 1!!!- We gon' bang this 2!!!- We gon' sing this 3!!!- We on top of the world but we ain't saying shit It's the movement, and the truth is Cause Trina and Missy ain't gots to prove shit We brake down floors (BAM!!) Brake down doors (BOOM!!) 5 month tours just brake down do' We brake down hoes, we brake down foes Run through pockets just straight down yo's M-I-A to V-A its real y'all We shakin up bottles to let 'em spill y'all This is Slip-N-Slide askin "What the deal y'all?" If you ain't throwin them bows then I don't feel y'all [Chorus: Missy] I Said BOY!!!! REWIND THAT BACK If you talk *shit* yo might get slapped BRRRRRRRAAHHHH!!! Yup I said slapped Ain't no other chicks that's gon' bring it like that now BOY!!! REWIND THAT BACK Up in the spot you got your glocks on lock and. HEY!!!--This join gon' knock Up in the club I said this joint don't stop [Verse 2: Trina] Y'all know how real woman come down Low cut copes when Trina come round Reggae DJ screamin "COME DOWN!!" We ?? it off top but want some now Sit back-- and praise the don diva I'm ?? -- trust me I'm gon' leave ya Who blows streets up? Ya man want eat us? Different flows,flavors,hoes- No Favors! Don't pay us we'll shut that down What's that loud? (Owww!!) Cut that down! Got a CL6 but what's that now? If he not talkin big money, Fuck that clown! Excuse my french, I won't stress the issue If he ain't lookin out he's just messin with you I'm a Mercedes mami, maybe the Lex official If you wanna get on I'll have Flex to hit you [Verse 3: Missy Elliot] Damn Y'all-Da-Da-Da-Da Damn yall! Hurtin and scurrin I'm like I took my panties off Knuckle and Buckle em' nigga I ain't scared of y'all You wrestle this muscle thats gon' be your damn fault YOW!!!!!-- I make screams like Prince Spay em' and lay em' but you gon' never touch this Beat em' don't eat em but you gon' always need Miss (Miss) Cause me and Miss Trina gon' always switch it like this COME ON!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Tweet f/) Missy Elliott Album: Southern Hummingbird  Song: Big Spender Typed by: Combo626@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] When I rap I be shaking 'em Every song that I write D.J. banging 'em So you say that I'm whack but they playin' 'em Got Ferraris and cribs and ya'll hating 'em nothing to say to THEMMMM I out rated them, and my flow, fo sho, out dated them Yes you were number one cause you paying them I be checking, the scams you scam, GODDAMN who you fooling' man? Inconspicuous, how I'm riding this thing it's ridiculous Me and Timothy, ya'll can't get rid of us I got aspirin for when ya'll get sick of us down your esophagusssss Ya'll ain't stopping me, ya'll just watching me like a pornography Ya'll say ya'll ain't mad but you just gotta be Cause the dough that you spend is Monopoly Fake Spender HEY BIG SPENDER! Spend.. A Little Time With.. Me! [Verse 2] Life is fiction, I got a bad cursing addiction (F.U.!) 'xuse my diction, if you screwing my man, I've got big guns. (Gun Fire) I got good sense, now reach in your pocket it's full of lint That's why ya'll don't like me it's evident  Cause the rumors you spreading's, irrelevant. TRICKKKK! See my third eye, you can't out the game even if you try You sleepin' on me? Here's a Rock-A-Bye Split atoms just like a Gemini, player give me my, F-F-Five Mics As for getting my money, it's my rhyme Knuckle up Mother suckers it's my time Cause I've been in this game, you just in your prawn [Verse 3] Beats contagious, my flow come in all kinds of flavors Ya'll haters just mad we ain't neighbors Cause my fans scream like they in labor (AHHHHHHHHHH) I don't know ya'll, I've been rocking the shows before ya'll And I'm hotter than hot, I take no calls If you think this is hot then go whack-off (OHHHHHH) To my real fans, who support me and play me in caravans To every woman, and every man No disrespect but I'm just chilling MANNNNNN This is open Mics, you know Missy always gots to keep it tight You know that I know what you all's like Fake thugs with no dough you ain't livin' right Fake Spender (Applause) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Bubba Sparxxx, Missy Elliott Album: Oops, Oh My (CD Single) Song: Oops, Oh My (Amended Version) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Tweet] Tell you what I did last night I came home, say around a quarter to three Still so high, hypnotized, in a trance From this body so buttery brown and tantalizing You would have thought I needed help From this feeling that I felt So shook I had to catch my breath 	[Tweet] Oops, there goes my shirt up over my head, oh my Oops, there goes my skirt droppin at my feet, oh my Ooh, some kind of touch caressing my legs, oh my Ooh, I'm turning red, who could this be 	[Tweet] I tried and I tried to avoid But this thing was happening Swallowed my pride, let it ride and partied But this body felt just like mine's, I got worried I looked over to the left, a reflection of myself That's why I couldn't catch my breath 	[Tweet] Oops, there goes my shirt up over my head, oh my, oh my Oops, there goes my skirt droppin at my feet, oh my, oh my Ooh, some kind of touch caressing my legs, oh my, oh my Ooh, I'm turning red, who could this be 	[Bubba Sparxxx] So we've been tussling for a year and a half and the flame is burnin out I'm ? you fussin, these discussions I ain't concerned about For me being the man that I am a practice intolerance I know the way you touch me would be a hard act to follow It's in the best interests of you and I to just take a night off You left by yourself, I called up Timmy, he set it right off We started out in Logan's ended up in the Monkey drunk Stopped by the ATM, bought the bar out and drunk it up But in the mean time I wonder why I ain't heard of Betty I'm tired of these steak eaters plus my new shirt is sweaty Home around three for what I saw I was unprepared Don't stop on my behalf, mmhmm go right ahead 	[Tweet] (Missy) I looked over to the left (mm, I was lookin so good I couldn't reject myself), oh I looked over to the left (mm, I was feelin so good I had to touch myself), oh I looked over to the left (mm, I was eyein my thighs butter pecan brown), oh I looked over to the left (mm, comin out of my shirt and then my skirt came down) 	[Tweet] (Missy) Oops, there goes my shirt (mm) up over my head (mm), oh my (mm), oh my Oops, (mm) there goes my skirt (mm) droppin at my feet (mm), oh my (mm), oh my Ooh, (mm) some kind of touch (mm) caressing my legs (mm), oh my (mm), oh my Ooh, (mm) I'm turning red (mm), who could this be (mm, mm) 	[Tweet] Oops, there goes my shirt up over my head, oh my, oh my Oops, there goes my skirt droppin at my feet, oh my, oh my Ooh, some kind of touch caressing my legs, oh my, oh my Ooh, I'm turning red, who could this be 	[Missy] (Tweet) Mm, mm, mm (oh my, oh my) Mm, mm, mm, ooh Mm, mm, mm, mm (oh my, oh my) Mm, mm, mm, ooh 	[Tweet] Oops, there goes my shirt up over my head Oops, oops, oh my, oh my The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Fabolous, Missy Album: Oops Oh My 12" Song: Oops Oh My (Remix) Typed by: drk757@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse I: Tweet] I'll tell ya what I did last night I came home, say around a quarter to three Still so high, hyptnotized In a trance, from his body So buttery brown and tantalizing You would have thought I neede help With the feeling that I felt So shook I had to catch my breath [Hook] OOPS! There goes my shirt up over my head, oh my OOPS! There goes my skirt droppin to my feet, oh my OOH! Some kind of touch caressing my face, oh my OOH! I'm turnin' red who could this be [Verse II] I tried and I tried to avoid But this thing was happening Swallow my pride, let it ride And parted, but this body felt just like mine I got worried I looked over to the left A reflection of myself That's why I couldn't catch my breath [Hook] Repeat [Fabolous] Desert Storm, Fabolous, Tweet Shorty I strictly wanna spank you The most I gotta do is spell my name to get ya Vicky's to ya ankles I'm serious mami You fuckin with the kid a.k.a. William H, period, Bonnie You know I'm that type that be crushin an merkin Have ladies touchin the herkin and, blushin and smirkin Early in the morning rushin for work and Screamin oh my, F-A-B-O-L-O-U-S, each night I'm freakin Ma you ain't gon talk me to death, cause you got free nights and weekends Ghetto Fab's all over the place Oops! There goes my kids all over ya face, oh my (Tweet) I looked over to my left (Missy) I was lookin so good I couldn't reject myself (Tweet) I looked over to my left (Missy) I was feelin so good I had to touch myself (Tweet) I looked over to the left (Missy) Lookin at my thighs... {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Missy Elliott, SupaFriendz Album: Oops, Oh My 12" Song: Oops, Oh My (Supa Remix) Typed by: eloncto@frontiernet.net * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Danja Mowf] Uh Uh Hey what you doin' shorty? (yeah) Danja Mowf (?) for real Hey girl what's happin'? (what's up?) It's Danja back again I here that you been horney, shorty-lordy that's a sin It ani't no accident (un huh) Girl don't be practicing (nop) You in the mood for freakin', we can break your mattress in Come on relax and then (uh huh) Just let me tap the skin (yeah) Come on and back it in, ill slap it in and pack it in I ani't gon ask again, (un huh) I'm just gonna take it shorty (now) Take off your shirt, take off your skirt Come on get naked for me (OOPS!) your bodies perfection got me ready for some sexin' See my erection girl (OH MY!) Oh my, (OOPS!) your so pritty (?) strokin' your kitty And them tingle bitys make me say (OH MY!) Oh my (OOPS!) Let me bang it out, i'll do my thing Show you why they call me Danja Mowf (OH MY!) Oh my Your fly, so now I know why your feelin' yourself Tweet But how you do it?  Come on shorty you can tell me [Verse 2: Tweet] I'll tell you what I did last night I came home, say, around a quarter to three Still so high, hypnotized In a trance, from this body so buttery brown and tantalizing You would have thought I needed help From this feeling that I felt So shook I had to catch my breath [Hook: Tweet] OOPS! there goes my shirt up over my head, oh my OOPS! there goes my skirt droppin' to my feet, oh my OOH! Some kinda touch caressin' my legs, oh my OOH! I'm turnin' red, who could this be [Verse 3: Tweet] I tried and I tried to avoid But this thing was happening Swallow my pride, let it ride And partied, but this body felt just like mines I got worried I looked over to the left A reflection of myself That's why I couldn't catch my breath [Hook] [Verse 4: Lonnie B.] Lonnie B. baby (yeah) Let's go! Yo, you feelin' freakin', beat me You got a demand to meet me At the Marriott on Brod. Or we can go up to D.C. I got some fellas, we can get freaky up in my T.P. You me and my, (?) consider that a three peace I'll taste you every seven days Have you shaken weekly The other six, i'll just watch you Damn I'm so freaky Cut you like Kiki Why you seem like you just tryin' to tease me! Shorty take it easy! (OOPS!) I didn't mean to scare you Just gettin' coffee, can I take off my boxers? (OH MY!, Oh my) (OOPS!) Can I lay besides you and when you finish stick my stinger inside you (OH MY!, Oh my) (OOPS!) But first, let me twist on that kitty fastest tough in the city (OH MY!, Oh my) Handcuffed her, she knew what was next (Tweet) So shock I had to catch my breath (Tweet) I looked over to the left (Missy) I was lookin' so good I couldn't reject myself (Tweet) I looked over to the left (Missy) I was feelin' so good I had to touch myself (Tweet) I looked over to the left (Missy) I was eyein' my thighs (?) (Tweet) I looked over to the left (Missy) Comin' out of my shirt and then my skirt came down [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Missy Elliott Album: It's Me Again Song: Things I Don't Mean Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Missy] (Tweet) I need to talk to y'all for one minute (ohh) Have you ever been so mad with the one you love And you said some things that you regret in the morning (ooh ooh) But your pride still won't let you admit when you're wrong But wrong (ohh) is wrong and you're more an adult when you can admit that Ya feel me (ooh) [Missy] See baby last night I was pissed Cold as ice on my wrist, freezer type I was like pissed right I said a few things that made his brain go ding This chick sick that make 'em just wanna quit Now don't give up on the good love The backrubs in the bathtub, yeah I'm just a dirty slut I'm just a spoiled teddy bug Yeah I get petty, forgive me if I act too silly [Tweet] I've been thinking things over, ohh, and I apologize Woman enough to say I'm sorry, ohh, I didn't mean to lie When I said to you [Tweet] You make me sick, yeah, you can pack your shit, ooh I'm a be alright with or without you You say crazy things when you're mad But the things I really don't mean baby, yeah You make me sick, uh, you can pack your shit I'm a be alright with or without you The next day I be callin', tryna get you on the phone Hook up with you [Tweet] I'll do whatever makes it better, ohh Cause I have crossed the line, yeah I have overstepped outta my boundaries We spent so many times together, ohh So forget those lines when I told ya [Tweet] You make me sick, you can pack your shit I'm a be alright with or without you, yeah You say crazy things when you're mad But the things I really don't mean baby, ohh, yeah You make me sick, you can pack your shit I'm a be alright with or without you The next day I be callin', tryna get you on the phone Hook up with you [Tweet] Boy I thank you for being so patient I said some messed up things for sure I thank you for being so patient, patient And standing by me, ohh, ooh [Tweet] See, it don't feel good to hurt the one you love Even when you're mad I said some hurtful things, I'm sorry [Tweet] You make me sick, you can pack your shit I'm a be alright with or without you Crazy things when you're mad, I don't really mean it You make me sick, you can pack your shit, yeah I'm a be alright with or without you The next day I be callin' on the phone tryna get ya, ahh, ohh [Tweet] You make me sick, you can pack your shit I'm a be alright, with or without you, sorry Yeah, tryna hook up with you You make me sick, you can pack your shit I'm a be alright, with or without you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Missy Elliott Album: Honey Soundtrack Song: Thugman Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Missy] Yeah, this one right here's for my thugs Thug loving, puttin' it down for ya little lady at the crib Thug in the streets, man under the sheets, haha, yeah 	[Tweet] (Missy) I'm in love with a thug (whoo) I can't help it girl he treats me so good (aha) In the street he gets respect from his peers (whoo) Known for months but it feel like it's been years Aah, ahh, In a situation (come on, oh) Any guy that holler at me, it's real confrontation (aha) Thug lovin' is my baby's job occupation (yeah) And he good at what he do and great at having relation (whoo), ahh (come on) 	[Tweet] (Missy) Thugs give good loving (oh) Whoa, you're supersonic The way he treats me different (aha) Ooh, like he bionic Yeah, he work that (yeah) I say yeah, he's so perfect (oh) 	[Tweet] (Missy) I used to be scared of thugs (oh) I was told that thugs don't know how to love (aha) They say they beat, they cheat, they talk to girls like shit (oh) But my man respect me cos I'm down ass bitch (uh oh), ahh (come on) I wasn't anticipating (oh) That if I fell in love with a thug that I would end up dating (I like this) Instead he blew my mind and treated me like a queen (oh) He run these streets but he know how to treat me, aaha (this one right) 	[Tweet] (Missy) Thugs give good loving (come on) Whoa, you're supersonic (aha) The way he treats me different (whoo) Ooh, like he bionic (I said) Yeah, he work that (oh, yeah) I say yeah, he's so perfect (oh, I like this) 	[Missy] I'm in love with a thug cos he make me feel right Wish I could explain what he make me feel like Yeah, and my friends don't like Cos he hot on the block and he be ridin' ninja bikes, yeah Let me get it sizzlin' on the mic Like an MC with no deal trying to get New York hype, yeah, oh Let me clear my windpipe Man got a pipe that I blow out every night, yeah, oh Heard it first here, oh, I'm the best here, oh Come over here, oh, now thugs in here, aha Front to the rear, oh, Craig Mack gon' put the Flava In Ya Ear He ain't got time to keep bustlin' in lines Blowin' ya minds, cuttin' that circumsize, yeah, aha Play it wise cause I'm in love with a thug occupying my time (come on) 	[Tweet] (Missy) Thugs give good loving (yeah) Whoa, you're supersonic (aha) The way he treats me different (and) Ooh, like he bionic (I said) Yeah, he work that (oh, he work that) I say yeah, he's so perfect (oh, let the track play) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Ghostface Killah, Missy Elliott Album: Thugman 12" Song: Thugman (remix) Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Missy Elliott (Ghostface Killah)] Yeah This one right here is for my thugs Thug loving putin it down for ur little lady at the crib (Yeah) Thug in the streets (That's me baby) Man under the sheets (Hah, that's me boy) Hah, Yeah [Tweet] I'm in love with a thug I can't help it girl he treats me so good In the street he gets respect from his peers Known for months but if u'll like its been years (ah ah) In a situation Any guy that holla at me its real confrontation But lovin is my baby's job ocupation And he good at what he do when graded havin relation (ah ah) [Chorus: Tweet (Missy Elliott)] Thugs give good luvin Woah they're supersonic The way he treats me different Ooh like he bionic Yeah, he work that (yeah) I say yeah, it's so perfect (I like this) [Tweet] I used to be scared of thugs I was told that thugs dont know how to love They say they beat, they cheat, they talk to girls like But my man respect me cuz I'm a down (ah ah) Wasn't anticipating That if I fell in love with a thug that I would end up dating Instead he blew my mind and treated me like a queen He run his streets but he know how to treat me (ah ah) [Ghostface Killah] Yeah, yo I might fuck you with my boxers on, then take one leg out Then tell you 'put your thumb in your mouth' Then move cuz we halfway off the couch I got rugburns and a piece of hair in my mouth But still, I'm a gentleman Say 'love is love' when I'm feeling my ???, fuck the godamn arguements Fuck the rumors that your friends be starting shit They just jealous with they bullshit compliments ???head chickens is mad at how I rock my gems Illmatic brims, in and out of Benz's Switching up lenses like your number one dentist They can't understand how I keep my princess Rose is ?beefy?, jury look chunky in the summer with the timbs or them dark blue and creamies Talking thug, had his gun like a deep movie Then I'm home, then my baby give me more coochie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tweet f/ Missy Elliott Album: Turn the Lights Off 12" Song: Turn the Lights Off Typed by: ms_demeanor99@hotmail.com Boy why don't you put the needle on the record Turn the lights off Lets get closers than closer than most Turn the lights off I think we can get to know each other better Turn the lights off And lets grab a glass and make a toast to me [Verse 1] You and I, in a room, so dark Hold me tight, all night, lights off Kiss me, everywhere, I'd never dreamed Its like heaven, heaven You gotta put the needle back on the record Turn the lights off Lets get closers than closer than most Turn the lights off I think we can get to know each other better Turn the lights off And lets grab a glass and make a toast [Verse 2] Here we are, you and me, just us two I'm feelin high, so high, when I'm round you Don't hold back, let it go, show me how you feel Ride it all night, all night, like I'm going Put the needle back on the record Turn the lights off Lets get closers than closer than most Turn the lights off I think we can get to know each other better Turn the lights off And lets grab a glass and make a toast [Missy] Hit the witch to the light tonight And make it right like a first class flight We a light like smoking a pipe Turn it up like we rockin the mic You get my hype I feel horny and trife So polite you might make me your wife I ain't right the way I'm livin my life See how I am when you turn off the lights I gotta jones all down in my bones I gotta lil twitch up in my spine And if I let you go and feel on me You gone have to play this one mo' time [Chorus] 2x You gotta put the needle back on the record Turn the lights off Lets get closers than closer than most Turn the lights off I think we can get to know each other better Turn the lights off And lets grab a glass and make a toast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Party to Damascus Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Wyclef Jean] (Missy Elliott) Brrrr, yeah (ew, ew, ew, EW! yeah)  It's over, uh huh (that's right) Missy With The Preachers Son, uh huh (ok) It's over (ok), I told ya (yeah) J-CLEF, let's go (ew, WOO) Brrrrr [Missy Elliott] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (oh) (Wylcef: Uh huh) Uh oh (uh oh), these motherfuckers ain't ready for this shit (oh) (Wyclef: Hey) [Missy Elliott] Me and Clef on this track what you want Heard you wanna battle us both I hope you don't Hand me my mic, two woofers in my trunk (huh) Sound like gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-ga-ga-gonk (c'mon) I drink that Dom Perignon (oh) I drink that shot of Petron to turn me on (uh) I got that red eye bomb, get you stoned (yeah) I got them gunshots, head knock 'til my bed stop [Wyclef Jean] Hey, I'm from a place called New Jersey, they call it the New Jerusalem I'm only here for one night girl, I'm on the plane tomorrow But I love the way you move girl and do that belly dancin So let's play you're my teacher and won't you give me my first lesson (C'MON) [Break - Missy Elliott] I teach you what you want (oh yeah) The things you need to know (oh yeah) Come in and shut the door (yeah) Lets get this party goin (uh huh) Baby let me show you, how you can satisfy a girl needs (oh yeah, c'mon, c'mon) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs In the mornin, in the evenin In the nighttime, gotta have it It's a feelin I can't fight it You got me speakin another language (*Female - singing: Bo habibi, Nishtage'a*) - 2X It's official raise your glasses Cause this party gonna go to Damascus [Wyclef Jean] Yeah, she said her dad's in the Army and he's the number one sniper And if he ever found out, he'd have me swimmin with the fishes in the water Now I'ma say somethin crazy girl, I love you I know we meetin for the first time in the club, but this feels like a deja vu [Break] - w/ ad libs [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Interlude - Wyclef Jean] - 2X Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, gotta have it [Missy Elliott] W-Y to the Clef (c'mon) Boy I keep it realer than the titties on my chest (yeah) "Milk does your body good," come on take a sip Like (*3 slurping noises*), it taste good don't it You's a fine dreadlock, come on get How many times Missy crushed the very best? How many bombs on my summer, Funk Flex? (uh) As many times as Teddy Reilly said "yep, yep" Did you get it? I stays on your mind like a fitted (uh) Like Diddy make you walk for cheesecakes to the city (woo) Rough chick, dirty jeans, ain't nothin pretty (uh) Me and Clef steppin to the mic to get busy (c'mon) [Missy Elliott - talking] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (uh oh) Uh oh [Wyclef Jean - talking] What's up Missy (uh oh) You know I love ya girl (oh) What's up Missy Let's go (uh) I got the guitar soundin like a satar Holy, holy, Jerry Wonder I need some security Call police (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Party to Damascus Remix Typed by: lunchmeat07@yahoo.com [Wyclef Jean] (Missy Elliott) Brrrr, yeah (ew, ew, ew, EW! yeah) It's over, uh huh (that's right) Missy with the Preachers Son, uh huh (ok) It's over (ok), I told ya (yeah) J-CLEF, let's go (ew, WOO) Brrrrr [Missy Elliott] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (oh) (Wylcef: Uh huh) Uh oh (uh oh), these motherfuckers ain't ready for this shit (oh) (Wyclef: Hey) [Missy Elliott] Me and Clef on this track what you want Heard you wanna battle us both I hope you don't Hand me my mic, two woofers in my trunk (huh) Sound like gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-ga-ga-gonk (c'mon) I drink that Dom Perignon (oh) I drink that shot of Petron to turn me on (uh) I got that red eye bomb, get you stoned (yeah) I got them gunshots, head knock 'til my bed stop [Wyclef Jean] Hey (echoes) It goes, “Missy you hit me with the henny got me dizzy like a lesbi I heard you wear turtleneckses' to hide your hickies.” I'm freaky, dickie, like Samantha ‘Sex in the City' Lookie, lookie here I only came to party Easy shorty, with one dance I put you in a trance Not a body experience As time flies, we have fun But I don't want it to pass My total love gots you waiting like a whoop-lash Hey (echoes) [Break - Missy Elliott] I teach you what you want (oh yeah) The things you need to know (oh yeah) Come in and shut the door (yeah) Lets get this party goin (uh huh) Baby let me show you, how you can satisfy a girl needs (oh yeah, c'mon, c'mon) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs - 1,2,3,4 In the mornin, in the evenin In the nighttime, gotta have it It's a feelin I can't fight it You got me speakin another language (*Female - singing: Bo habibi, Nishtage'a*) - 2X It's official raise your glasses Cause this party gonna go to Damascus [Wyclef Jean] Its me turn I'm Mr. International Cause when I move, everybody moves "Quand je fais l'amour on m'appelle Roméo." That's was French, if I missed ya You want Spanish y'all All my guys grab two ladies now "Mi alas amigos puedos dos senorita yo" (Japanese lib) Freakin' in Japanese shooting in the West Indies Its breaking down, go and fetch the wrench I'm suddenly all Jewish And tossin' it up at a Bar-mitz-pha [Break] - w/ ad libs [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Interlude - Wyclef Jean] - 2X Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday Friday, Saturday, Sunday, gotta have it [Missy Elliott] W-Y to the Clef (c'mon) Boy I keep it realer than the titties on my chest (yeah) "Milk does your body good," come on take a sip Like (*3 slurping noises*), it taste good don't it You's a fine dreadlock, come on get How many times Missy crushed the very best? How many bombs on my summer, Funk Flex? (uh) As many times as Teddy Reilly said "yep, yep" Did you get it? I stays on your mind like a fitted (uh) Like Diddy make you walk for cheesecakes to the city (woo) Rough chick, dirty jeans, ain't nothin pretty (uh) Me and Clef steppin to the mic to get busy (c'mon) [Missy Elliott - talking] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (uh oh) Uh oh [Wyclef Jean - talking] What's up Missy (uh oh) You know I love ya girl (oh) What's up Missy Let's go (uh) I got the guitar soundin like a satar Holy, holy, Jerry Wonder I need some security Call police (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ying Yang Twinz f/ Busta Rhymes, Free, Lil' Scrappy, Missy Elliott Album: U.S.A. United States of Atlanta Song: Wait (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Violator Remix, Free Remix, Busa Bus Missy Lil Scrappy, Let's go [Lil' Scrappy] Hey Shorty, I like the way you ass it up I'm only whisperin' cause I'm just tryin to fuck Ooooh, go' head move that ass Give a G a chance and let me clog the gap in ya pants I can tell you a freak by the way that you dance Yeah, a Triple AAA man I'm-a grown man, you heard me You fuckin' with a grown man, hold your legs up baby Scream my name like a fan, Shh, you ain't got nuttin' to say Hol' on lil' baby its o-kay-kay-kay Ahh, some say I'm wrong for fuckin a nigga bitch The same niggaz that do the same shit Suck my dick quick, gettin' it rich quick Take this good ass thuggin' and help the nice dick I'm +Icy+ like +Gucci+, I'm bussin' a Uzi Go on in the pussy, I don't fuck wit the booty When I'm in the bed still carry my tool-y Do the Paris Hilton and make a porno movie I'm groovy, like motherfuckin +Austin+ Look at all the D bras and draws as I'm droppin' [Hook] This is the Wait Remix This is the Wait Remix Hey Girl, this is the Wait Remix 'Cause you couldn't get enough Like B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.EB.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E. Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Yo, Free [Free] Hey, how ya doing little dirty, let me whisper in ya ear Tell ya some shit you might like to hear Got a nice little pussy and my ass poke out Automatically, I can ride a dick, no doubt I'm known for getting all the haters mad I can go slow, but go crazy fast I give amazing head Backside a lil' softer than a baby's ass Now that's wild soft I'll let a rich nigga hit it on his golf course I got a young dude open, that was my fault I let him see me in my bra and my boy shorts Now for the freaks in here, it's the remix Puttin' it down with the Ying Yang Twinz Last night, I fell in love with an O.G He crept up on me and this was he told me He said [Hook] This is the Wait Remix This is the Wait Remix Hey Girl, this is the Wait Remix 'Cause you couldn't get enough Like B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.EB.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E. Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Bussa-Bus baby Let me holla at ya, shorty [Busta Rhymes] Before I put my cup on yo ass You lookin' I could park my truck on yo ass Shorty, you should go ahead and clap that shit With yo' big ass makin' me wanna slap that shit You know what jump in my ride and let's slide I'm-a beat up the puddy and cook it with a fish filet fry Now it's time to make you open wide Like a diamond, fuck like you ain't got no pride I love it hard, I take you and Alana outside Fuck you off the edge of the bed landslide That's right, the way you freaky I wanna Hang-Glide All on your ass, you tryin' to give me head in my ride Shhh, Wait, chill, shhh, quiet Let me finish tellin' you what's goin on, okay? The way you like to do it, we can fuck to the song And I'm-a beat the pussy up, 'til it's time to get gone and before I can end, what I was sayin She was tryin' to put me onto to her friend I told her bring her, I'm warning you I once that said, "Wait 'til the both of you see my dick" [Hook] This is the Wait Remix This is the Wait Remix Hey Girl, this is the Wait Remix 'Cause you couldn't get enough Like B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.EB.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E, B.M.E. Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough Couldn't get enough, couldn't get enough [Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott] When I get up on the track, I'm-a talk a lot a shit Been a-around the world, I done seen plenty dicks Small ones, medium, grande baby One minute, two minute, no way baby Eat the nookie up, or eat the cookie I put the "Sugar on his tongue", and that a shut 'em up I take my clothes down like it's goin' down, like a show down Show him I can go for 12 rounds on the cold ground Hey nigga, let me slow it down Like a stripper on the pole, I can roll it round Now who that there, wanna tear the nookie up You betta pull out ya cash, and put more than 50 up c'mon Cause this here chick ain't gonna let you beat it up You betta pull out ya cash, and put more than 50 up Wait 'til you taste my.. Wait 'til you taste my.. Wait 'til you taste my.. Wait 'til you taste my.. You gonna love this good stuff! 