The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Y'all Ain't Ready Yet (Precise) Man, them niggas can't fuck with you, man, fuck them niggas man! (Mystikal) I know, I, I, I know I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self I know, I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me I I know y'all niggaz... Ungh, got-damn it took a nigga thirteen motherfucking years through this shit bruh, I been rappin since La-Di-Da-Di some fucking where I know y'all niggaz I know y'all niggaz I know y'all niggaz Aw shit, it's on nigga Chorus: I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self When Mystikal hits the door (door closing sound) See can't nobody fly, through the swamp and bayou, like I do I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me and they can't but they try to Some niggaz just need to be warned It's gonna be harder to get it up on a my own nigga go ring the alarm Matter fact better know what it take for the back of your head to hit that grass Let' s get this straight from the jump I ain't playing with your bitch ass These outside niggaz that run to the mic better come clean Fuckin with that Saudi Arabian Desert Storm veteran 12th ward offspring I'm runnin these niggaz to the jets to the hills, to the back of the tracks A-A-ask them hos, did I do that? I'm coming boisterous with 5 million switches I'm the man with single and double and triple and four five six time them bitches I'm the nigga with the go head, fuckin your bitch up in your bed standin 5 foot 'leven dick crooked like a roach leg Much bone and I don't fail a test Little nigga fuck hos both sides of the river  I can't be fucked with, you can't touch this better grab hold Bitch I'm so cold I'm like a 24 year-old north pole! Give a fuck about these raggly ass hoes Grippin my nuts as I strut in my baggy ass Girbauds Makin em stop, (bigidabounce) pause, Like Jubilee All I'm harder than a nigga watchin' Janet Jackson in draws! But if ya catch me on the tv, or the radio spell it M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L y'all ain't ready though! Chorus 2x (Precise) So Mystikal, in your own words could you explain your style? I gotta get a rhyme that can tumble through the air like a Rambo spear See y'all can stop lookin at another nigga face cause bitch the man right here You nigga didn't think that I could swing mine  Bitch I'm doing bad and saying rhymes at the same time (I ain't lying) Talking behind my back don't make me no nevermind Cause all you can say is I'm smarter than Einstein I'm fire like Cayenne! You'll never catch me cause I'm swift as a hyena Gimme the chance I'll rock the lakefront arena like Teena Marie be rockin Tipitina's (damn Gina) Tall dark strong long and lean ain't nobody comin cleaner It's all in the way I lay my game down Watch me swing with the gillotine rollin round nigga town But everybody think these niggaz be wantin me to prove that I'm the man Bitch I'm colder than a freezer, cooler than a fan I got no love for no b-i-e-otch Matter fact's been that way since I was wearin osh kosh b'gosh But yet y'all steadily trying to squab bout me When I come in this door the only thing y'all can do is talk about me Better get some business about yourself that's what you better do Matter fact I'm a tell you mother fuckers three things I'm a never do One : never gonna change my style Two: never gonna bounce, three: never gonna bow I'm gettin tired of being sick and tired Nigga you got a problem with me gettin' high Suck big dick and die Same rhyme phrase get me paid, they can't fade the tan shade man with the braids Bitches peep as I creep through the 12th ward I done offended these niggaz compare me to niggaz that gotta practice looking hard Bitch-a won't leave me alone I'm not that Thug and I'm not that Ruggish but I do pack Bone Black prince of the south that's my title Bitch I'm whoo chka ckha oooooww! bad like Michael I'm throwin rhymes at a steady flow (Inhaling) whoo there they go y'all niggaz ain't ready yo Chorus Bitch I pimp hos instead of an army petty shit it don't harm me Bitch I'm entertaining like Cedric and I'm mac like Bernie I'm black like Menace and I'm g like Slimm I'm Sporty like T and I'm smooth like Tim I can click just like the boot camp but I'm conscious like daughter Bitch I'm insane but um, you still be wantin to claim that I'm your partner I'm Down just like Bust plus I'm Ice just like Mike  And I'm the living lyrical miracle I'm just ice like precise I'm the invisible man you blind you can't see shit Picture I got more bitches on my dick than bitches at FREAKNIK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Insane Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Murderer Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com Chorus (Mystikal & Insane): repeat 2X [Insane] Guns murder niggas at night.... [Mystikal] Man, niggas even kill niggas at night [Insane] Cops murder niggas at night... [Mystikal] I'll be fucked if I'm gonna let them bitches murder mine!!! [Mystikal] Motherfuckin murderer....shot my fuckin brother But when I find him, I'm gone GET THAT MOTHERFUCKER! He playin the role of one them niggas that's always talkin noise Runnin INSIDE, talkin that shit, front of his fuckin boys Fuck that, I'm lockin that bolt back Loadin that gat, here that glock come, [gunshot] Out'cha fuckin' head... standin on the corner I'm peepin on ya, so I CAN CREEP UP ON YA!!!! Calmin my nerves, get rid of these punks and stick em in my mind You want it? Fine, I DONE REACHED FOR THAT NINE I'm gone do you in I'm tellin ya bitch you gone have to get up quick And hit the bricks before I do you in Two of your boys spied me comin Them coward-hearted niggas started runnin But not you though, you gots to play the hard role Stop playin it up like a bone, BITCH I KNOW YOU ARE Talkin head gonna put you on your deathbed Just cuz you got a gat, that's just why you actin brave Got a gat I got a GLOCK, what'cha gone do? Handle your business, DON'T LET YOUR BUSINESS HANDLE YOU! Chorus [Mystikal] Pull your shirt down bitch I know you got a gat, but I ain't scared bout that bullshit It don't matter how many fuckin guns you got The only thing that MATTER, is a nigga, to get the first shot Cuz if I peep, that ass is fallin to the street Bitch retreat or that ass is deeeeeeead meat Smack your teeth, but I'ma knock you off your fuckin feet They gone pick you up, piece-by-piece off that concrete street When N.O. meet, who gives a fuck about a poor neat scene? We got beef, so I'ma shoot'cha like a FAKE BITCH Let you know just who you fuckin' with But I ain't that type of nigga  that's liable to shoot you over no DUMB SHIT! If I'ma pop ya, I'ma pop ya for just cause you talk too much shit PLUS, you popped one of my boys Gankin niggas I'm gettin downright SCANDOLOUS!!!! [gunfire] YOU CAN'T HANDLE THIS!!!! So when you're out bitch, move or I won't step Cuz if I catch'cha I'ma drill ya in your fuckin chest I ain't gone gone ride by and pop, cause I might miss I'ma walk up to your FACE, Pop POINT BLANK BITCH!!! That's what you get, from out there tryin to go act bad Not even BRUCE LEE, could whoop a bullet ass Got'cha, come, get this ass whoopin If you bringing them niggas with ya, that's nothin I'm poppin' the clip in Nigga fetcher, satisfied when you're on the stretcher You might run but I'ma CATCH 'EM!!!! Chorus [Mystikal] (Yo nigga you caught that bitch yet?) FUCK NO! I ain't caught that bitch yet I done been through every scandalous sight, and every project But I bet'cha, when I stop, runnin behind em Get up, pack my shit and I'll STOP, and then I'll fuckin find him Yo dumb ass in the street Fuck that shit, cuz I'ma catch your ass this week Monday, a one day when you go play [alot of gunfire], goes the A.K. Sprayin on his ass like a roach, and if I approach, too late to duck hoe Drop, run, fall, kick, scream, now curse How in the fuck you gone duck a twelve round burst? Hammin at that ass on Tuesday, put up the nine Go get the A.K. Bitch if I catch you in the mall Wednesday That's the day that ass fall Then it might be Thursday, three round burst day The day I'm blood thirsty Fuck that, wait til FRIDAY, PAYDAY!!!! Shoot'cha in your face and take your money, J Now wait til the weekend, heh, yeah Saturday, that's the day you go CREEPIN But you better be watchin your back cuz I'm sneakin [door noise] Waitin for my chance to do your ass in I don't give a fuck if it's on Sunday God gone have to forgive me, cuz I'ma shoot'cha in your head nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Beware Typed by: Detreceiver2g@aol.com Chorus: &lt;lots of noises by Mystikal&gt; First Verse: BEWARE! The man with the braids done walked in Mild mannered like Clark Kent I'M rougher and tougher than dead shark skin This man gonna be have you flippin' like the pages of (???) Evil like Cruella Five minutes later I'ma still be hard as an armadillo Roll like an eighteen wheeler Shinin' like the slipper Of Cinderella And bad weather And acapella THIS FELLA TOP SELLER!!!! Gonna be that way til' I'm old as Mandela STILL GETTIN' BETTER!!!!! Writin' rhymes I'm best of 'em I'm the arrester, I'm the professor I'm the nigga that keep his picture on your girlfriend's dresser Now really Tell me what you muthafuckas know about gettin' ROWDY Tell your whole Sunday gang bout it BITCH I BEEN BOUT IT!!!!! Now, I kick the rest of you into HASH BOW GRASSHOPPER, BOW TO THE MAN!!!!!!! Chorus Second Verse: AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Bet'cha runnin' I bet'cha, bet'cha I'm best that I'm better Run with a letter Swift as a jet or keep up with the pace setter Sparkle like glitter HARD HITTER HOE GO-GETTER SIDE STEPPIN' FROM NO NIGGA!!!!!! Whenever you bitches decide you gonna get too big for your britches Leavin' you stitches Diggin' ditches Sufferin' hickeys, cuts, scrapes, bruises, welts Don't fuck with the RHYMIN' BLACK BELT WATCH YOURSELF!!!!!!! BOOM!!!!! HERE I GO!!!!!!! BOOM BOOM!!!!!!!! I KNOW!!!!!!! Y'all niggas can't fuck with the man with two tongues, cuz that's the way I flow Cuz I can get hot like fire And you can't put it out, it's like tip-toein' on top of barbed wire For instance, persistance No resistance, stay your distance Is vital to your existance You leave it to me to show you the way out I'm never gonna play ya I'LL TAKE YOUR OLD LADY EVEN IF I TOOK MY BRAIIIIIIIIIIDDDDDDDS OUT!!!!!!!!! Chorus Third Verse: And I'm uh, ready, and it looks like ALL you bitches are rusty Y'all can't buss me, don't cuss me Hit'cha, so much muthafuckin' we gone leave this bitch musty You disgust me Trust me When Mystikal hits the door, you bitches be SCREAMIN' to touch me I'm the invisible man you can't see me I'm mackin' illusions and confusion I'm abusin', your conclusion, and contusions, from the bruises Issuin' these muthafuckas with the style that them bitches want FIVE FOOT ELEVEN, screamin' to heaven I say FUCK SHIT GOD DAMN Bitch respect me like a reverend, and... Congregation say "Amen" (Amen) Come through this muthafucka swingin' like a CAAAAVEEMAAAN And you against me, you better not say it go back in the water Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come UP JUMP THE SHIT STORM!!!!!! From the rats Rollin' out Since you wanna BOW muthafucka BOW to the master! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ J-Dawg, G-Quikk Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Mr. Hood Critic Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com [G-Quikk] Unh....yeah... I got that Boot Camp Clicc in this muthafucka tonight Me & my nigga 'Cise.... We done hooked some smooth shit up for y'all... And we bout to throw down in this bitch, ya heard mes? First Verse [G-Quikk & Mystikal]: [G-Quikk] I had plenty of you niggas who that I couldn't, do it [Mystikal] Do what? [G-Quikk] Grab the pen and the paper, put the fire to the blunt, time to get to it Fuuuuuck how y'all niggas do it, She quick to pursue it til' his pockets smell like body fluid, Some niggas be walkin' up at the line, Blow job then slob on my knob, bitch I been the shit [Mystikal] BITCH I BEEN THE SHIT!!!!! [G-Quikk] Ain't nothin' you can do to me [Mystikal] What this muthafucka talkin' about nigga who me? [G-Quikk] Yeah you, said who see? I'm bout'z to make gash, drivin' 'em out quick fast, Bout time your muthafuckin' ass, Put a nigga on the muthafuckin' map with'cha bitch ass [Mystikal] Wit'cha bitch ass [G-Quikk] Takin' how long? [Mystikal] How long it took? [G-Quikk] It took a nigga thirteen muthafuckin' years just to make a rap song. But I'm on my winnings, in fact now niggas is jealous, Y'all niggas don't faze me, Hoes gone...hate me, Bust up and then I may get they lips bloody, Your back nutty, Aw, y'all niggas ain't ready for me, But if you want me, who clamps? I'm shell-bound, watch me throw down on my first go-round, Here's our shit, properly did it and now you're evicted, Now admit it, fuck that yin-yang, you talkin' behind my back Mr. Hood Critics, You're all on my dick hun, Get one, lick one, Shit son, talk about me? Jealous man, you're done, Fuck it, it's all good, I'm not that nigga, I'm not that nigga, I'm not that nigga either, understood? Chorus [Mystikal & G-Quikk] [G-Quikk] You're all on my dick hun [Mystikal] Mr. Hood Critic [G-Quikk] Get one [Mystikal] Only way to keep my muthafuckin' name Out your muthafuckin' mouth Is to keep your muthafuckin' mouth SHUT! (x4) Second Verse [G-Quikk, Mystikal, & J-Dawg]: [G-Quikk] Roll like a tank, Comin' cold like a shake, Every move that I make, Be smooth like a, snake, I got what it takes to make your eyes burn, Hooked up in the jazzy fifth, with the pee-wee sideburns, I dress better than a drug dealer, Cuz when I jump shop I'm on my job nigga, 20/20 couldn't see me [Mystikal] Who you? [G-Quikk] Q to the U to the I to the K, K, I be...... [J-Dawg] Follow me now, open sesame, You niggas ain't ready for the best of me, I'm takin' you niggas nuts and givin' you bitches a hysterectomy, I'm comin' up fast, runnin' in more ass, Sharp as glass,  Bitch you might think this nigga be lickin' the pussy cuz my tongue fast, Hoe, but that's a no-no, Oh, you mean you don't know? Mr. Hood Critic told you what? I'm lickin' pussy on the down-low? Now if I'd did it, I'd admit it and walk around proud, But tellin' no fables, on this label, pussy eaters ain't allowed, Now I be comin' around the mountain like "Oh Susanna" [Mystikal] Nigga where the fuck you from? [J-Dawg] New Orleans, Louisiana, Home of the boot camp clicc, And now it's time for rest of you muthafuckas  to bow down and respect the South shit, Get your mouth split, That's what thing that you can do up with this chemistry, The Boot Camp Clicc is droppin' bombs on the industry [G-Quikk] You all on my dick, hun [Mystikal] Mr. Hood Critic, the only way to keep my muthafuckin' name, From out your muthafuckin' mouth, Is to keep your muthafuckin' mouth SHUT! [G-Quikk] G's oh, G-Quikk's a G so, Want me to creep these hoes? I'ma keep these hoes, On they tippy-tippy toes, Shovin' that dick all in your daughter, Called a nigga, fucked a nigga, Sucked a lil' dick [Mystikal] BUT CAN'T GET A QUARTER!!!!! [G-Quikk] I'm not your everyday extraordinary busta, Another soldier out that boot camp, Bustin' you dick suckers [Mystikal] From walkin' round town tryin' to call Michelle, Hit slow like shit you jump now nigga [G-Quikk] Ain't nothin' colder, ain't nothin' cooler... Ooh! Don't let the smooth ice fool ya [Mystikal] Cuz I ain't that type of nigga to get my... [G-Quikk] Ass kicked [Mystikal] Caught 'em talkin' [G-Quikk] Cash hit [Mystikal] Cha-CHING! [G-Quikk] Bitch another smash hit Chorus (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: I'm Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com I'M! (x8) [Verse 1] See I'm that nigga that's, fixin' to do my dirt under the sun I been hustlin' since the morning become I keep a couple of rocks under my tongue Watch out here come the cop, might notta stand still where you chill Run to no automobile cause it can kill My destination can feed my home purpose I'm vibrating' on the down low in the first place You want me show me the money you gonna be payin' Pop ya ass up out of the van and take these rocks up out my hand Cause I don't trust ya and I ain't tryin' Hold up nigga, I don't know ya gotta reach out at the same time You want some, come get some Tyson's on the drum and I'MMMMM! I'M! (x16) [Verse 2] Ya livin', in livin' up in my people's rentin' Windows tinted, nigga from a couple houses down Get Skinny, bump it to last amount of spittin' It's senseless how them dudes be smokin' that shit Gettin' roped in that shit, jump in this shit I got to flippin' on nigga, you want some more of that shit Live in that click where niggas do what they gotta do Blast em' with burnable fuck em' and watch em' fuck you Nigga be livin' that life, playin the role of a gangsta But them niggas ain't gangstas Bitch you gotta be big enough to think about bein' a fuckin gangsta Most of them niggas be comin' real Bring it to ya blood field but that nigga got killed That's how it be's on that rough side The tough die, the strong die Fuck with the wrong niggas on with the wrong chrome Check the wrong shit, walk the wrong zone Nigga you good as dead and gone (Problem serious) Nigga don't hear me that's how we livin' till the saga stops Every nigga and his mom gotta glock on my block Niggas push rocks and dodge cops till they pissed and tired Nigga, you livin' by the gun Y'all need to handle y'all fuckin' business cause I'M! I'M! (x8) [Verse 3] Don't sell it, Arm & Hammer got my rocks swellin' Laws is yellin, prosecutors yellin' I'ma glock ya spot, ya head pop like a fuckin' melon Do my thing destiny I'm a felon But I ain't just a young, black nigga rebellin' Breath by breath, step by step, day by day Playin' this game of death My nigga remind ya of manslaughter Niggas slangin' quarters Georgia, Cali, to New Orleans rollin' I'm in the pen, pumpin' that iron until I'm swole up Grits and cheese made me bigger Now I'm just a lil' bit harder than that next nigga The first one up to run up That nigga there gon' get done up When I put that fuckin' gun up They told ya, ya hip bone gone gone That lil' roam don't live long, pop me to stop it Cock block me, you bitches can't drop me Hoes gon' still jock me Got me now the niggas mock me I seen Scarface twice now I'm a fuckin' carbon copy Missing on society And insane probably cause I'm full of animosity I'm kind of like at all I might huff and puff and blow ya fuckin' hat off Tear it off, swear it off Now get the 411 to 911 to Red Cross My moaning make me lead Ten steps to feel these Got me cocked these Swingin' like Conan Wanted from no man with boo-koo ho fans Talk more garbage, funk, filth, shit, trash, and lies Rhymes so funky they draw flies If I rock one up, shock one up It simple enough to be did But your shit terror rig Change your big Niggas be sayin big Pass the fig, don't give me no fuckin' pig I don't choose no swine But eat Popeye's chicken and eat watermelon to the fuckin' rind Feel the grip of this black chrome That don't fuckin' rhyme, nigga get ya back broke Fuckin' with them black folks I'M (x5) with DJ scratching in background The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Black Menace Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Out That Boot Camp Clicc Typed by: flpd1357@mediaone.net Chorus: Mystikal Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc Bitch I'm out that Boot Camp Clicc I got my rifle and my rocks see. (2X) Mystikal...... Left, your left Left, your left, dress it right Left your left, cover down soldier Mark time march Company! (Left!) Atten---hut! [Mystikal] It's strictly representation of the Boot Camp Clicc got to find, got you runnin that train! The M-16 A2 the nine millimeter beretta AIM! You better be dressed for wet weather soldier I get cold as North Dakota I'ma do whatever whenever to run yo muthafuckin' ass BACK TO THE BORDER! Rock and roll ya' I control ya' I can hold ya' lock and load thirty round clip, FLESH GON' RIP ain't shit a tourniquet can fix, the booby trap tripped I drop P's and 203's on you MC's ranked and hit the rooms, STAND BACK HEAVE! in danger, but in the Ranger I drank King Cobra's out my canteen and smoked Optimos in the ashtray, violent, move silent Five meter hittin single file counter You in my sights you gonna DIE you on it tight keep yo head down, EYE'S RIGHT all you dying on the battlefied strictly for survival (I hope you got your bible) BITCH!!! I GOT MY RIFLE!!!!!!!!!!! Chorus [Black Menace] I hope you know nobody can take me Handle my business I'm in this the winter you fuck the menace and you will be tasting my tennis and when I get finished you be needing a dentist I'm ready to end this niggas defenseless when I be laying that shit down Hold up, where the fuck you going? Nah nigga don't quit now Reachin' up under your shirt like you got a strap but you ain't using shit! FUCK bringin' out guns I'ma start drowning niggas like Susan Smith cause youz the bitch making me believe you other than a BITCHCOCK it's drama time and I'm playin the role of a black ALFRED HITCHCOCK B double O-T C-A-M-P better be known where the best lay now what the fuck that camp like (it's for life ess-say) I got my glock locked the fuck down and I'm still gonna be pullin' a plug Much love to my niggas that's full off the buzz I say what up cuz I buzzed off the suds partna' I does what I want to you tink your pretty C-A-T smart don't you that first step's a loo-loo and I'm too through so chill bailin' straight from the five-oh-four so slow your roll and recognize the real Chorus [Mystikal and Black Menace] It's a runway from home can't escape the killin feel ready to peel casket feel for real Twistin' the night away AK's the weapon step into the darkness this nigga be heartless with the still feel me as I duck your guts upon a corner down for the funk smell the aroma death I'm on ya erase your blood stains ghetto train like a pit survival kit marks the beast nigga triple six Minus one up out the chamber, endangered species  be me when I'm in anger rearrange your structure bustin' at you bustas USA to Russia fuck you never trusta' Bitch I'm out that boot camp! Chorus Mystikal: Company (Left!) Grrrrrrrr....HOOOOOOOOOO!!! Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight! Hee! (Forward!!) (Mystikal....) Forward....MARCH!!!!! (Move Left!!) Left..... Go Left Left..... Go Left Left..... Go Left Left..... Go Left Left, Left inch Left Go Left right just right Go Left, Left double it down go left right left Left, Left, Left, Left, Left Black Menace: Big Rob been chillin' Black Menace Aaaaahh Aaaaahh Aaaaahh Heeeee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Smoke Something Typed by: Cpkurt06@aol.com, SouljaSno@aol.com [Mystikal] Smoke something niggas This one go out to all the niggas that be getting loaded all the ladies that be getting loaded Score it up, roll it up, blow it up I'm bout to let you niggas know something 'fore you get mad and throw something,  bitch you better smoke something If it's on your chest, get's rid of that mess, for the end of that stress Nigga told me that's sess was the best, so I got's to test  It's all in the roll, fuck how you hold it  If you didn't notice that I was fucked up, y'all niggas ain't loaded Speakin' of myself I'm just a rap writer  But before I get my nerves bad, let me go get my -- let me go get my lighter Blaze up a swissa full of herb, shut the door, shut the window  Close the gate, get the phone out, I don't want to be disturbed I'm on too but I'm in my own home  High as Cheech N Chong, in my own zone, smokin' homegrown Smoke all over this motherfucker But never would have knowed it, if I wasn't loaded  So come and take a walk with me  Get spark with me *inhales* what a brought with me See ya'll nigga can't find this, niggas be moving in slow motion  smokin' that Bionic Chronic And ain't no weed like Bo-Weed No four like that score  I be screamin but yall know what I'm fiendin' for Nigga you wanna know something? Fuck the dumb shit, nigga you better smoke something The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: That Nigga Ain't Shit! Typed by: bransonkaai@hotmail.com Nigga you ain't shit I woke up this morning dick rock hard Had to piss so bad, that shit made me say God Lord! Dick harder then a armadello So I went in the bathroom and drained the little fellow Flush the toilet, washed my hands Took off my silk shirt, (whut else) and ? down my pants I was rolling to meet this bitch in bout an hour (what you did) ????? and grabbed and towled and jumped my stankin ass in the shower And now i'm feelin better, at least i'm smellin better Instead of a combination of pussy and cheddar I still smelled like last night's fuck So washed my lips, fingertips, but I can't forget to wipe under the nuts Blow my nose, wash my toes, then my asshole Foggin up the mirrors, ?? all my fuckin clothes Ain't that a bitch, i'm already runnin late Thinkin I ain't got to do nothin, now I gotta change my outfit Stepped to the closet and scanned the wardrobe Seen that silk shirt, Tommy, fuck it, i'll wear that Polo though Girbauds and Polo socks Slipped on the Fila's cause it was too hot to bust the Timbo high tops I looked in the mirror one last time for kicks Like I really had to check, like I ain't know I was the shit Everything was in place Pearly whites, brown complextion, daily braids and daily face Mirror, mirror, wasup, who's the most stuck up ??? bitch I just fucked that stankin slut Thats the thought for the day I'm bouts to cut that hoe (why) she can't fuck anyways Now i'm back on my mission But before I hit the fuckin front door, gots to hit the kitchen Cause all the ? is gettin bigger Man, I ain't ate shit (dawg, ain't you hungry)  dawg, hungrier than three niggas Grits and oatmeal, no time to cook though Fuck it i'll grab that left-over cold cut combo And now the stomachs at ease I'm bout the jet, but first grab the beeper, the ring, the ?, and the keys And now i'm ready for the street Lookin neat, smellin sweet from my teeth to my fuckin feet I guees it's part of my job (what job nigga) Being colder then cold, smoother then smooth, sharper then sharp So if you catch my in the club don't say shit Sweatin a nigga like Micheal ?? Tyler don't pay bitch Cause I ain't that nigga thats gonna play with ya Or stay with ya, but i'll damn sure lay with ya Cause i'm that type of nigga to tell a bitch that I love em quick Better but not beleive it though (why) cause I ain't bout shit That nigga ain't shit That nigga ain't bout shit That nigga ain't shit 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Mind of Mystikal Typed by: bransonkaai@hotmail.com (laughing) Walking through the mind of Mystikal No holds barred Still don't give a fuck about ya'll I'm still not the nigga to fuck with busta ?? the average nigga don't fuck with me Fool a nigga in size, ain't much none of ya'll niggas can do with me Typically speakin, i'm not what your seekin Now vision the rhymes that I be keepin I fuck like a mohican, ain't drunk like them demons, I'm quicker then one of those puerto ricans Get it off your chest Don't run on my set, i'm breakin your neck If you gettin upset i'm breakin a sweat Ya'll niggas ain't ready yet I'm catching my breath, ya'll niggas ain't findin wind I'm keepin they momma from tryin again I done fucked up more niggas then Henikken Fuck, i'm cute as a puppy, you smart as a guppy Now how you gonna fuck me, that bitch get lucky she fucked me And now that hoe can't stop thinkin of me I'm thinkin of much wealth, come tell ya how gettin fucked felt Ask them niggas that know me now Even them bitches will tell you i'm somthin else Bitches, they like my good looks But niggas can't stand that right hook They might look but they stay put I done stomped more niggas than Big Foot What I mean is i'm grand, you can't fuck with this peacan man You don't know who i'am, you goin too fast, slow down Tito, damn (chorus) Nigga go ring the alarm I came in this bitch, and i'm in the swarm My niggas are already armed Were turnin this bitch into Vietnam Nigga go ring the alarm I came in this bitch, and i'm in the swarm My niggas are already armed Were turnin this bitch into Desert Storm I stick to the left like a thumb tack I hum that to the drum track No wives, tote no knifes, Bitch i'm sharper then a pair of Filas See i'm humble, you fuckin 'em right, i'm makin 'em mumble Don't stumble, hoe I ??? the seen it for your fuckin gumbo When a homie compare me, but spare me i'm a rap figure Please never don't dare me, bitch I barely kept an ? nigga I run with the real niggas, they kill, they them ill niggas You best to chill niggas, I don't fuck with them run-of-the-mill niggas Here's what you gonna feel nigga: Heavy pressure from both sides, as the brain collides I'm tellin them lip lies, I hang with hip guys I split thighs, bitch don't ask me for shit You get nothin, no tighter then grip ? Fuck nigga, don't bother me and try to be, and tired of me Walkin out the hood with more bitches number then lottery Look, I like fuckin around, but I ain't fuckin with no fuckery Luckily, none of you niggas in here ain't cold enough to fuck with me Fuck niggas can't touch that, no ??, get the fuck back Fore you find yourself achin from you ass crack to your nut sack I run these hoe brand niggas from the back of the map To the front of China Just when you thought it was safe to back in the water, I'm right behind ya We as one must combine to never be stopped nann man Novice, servants, fiendins, demons, devils, Griffins, goons, raidin rebels Women, wizards, warlocks, witches Punk fags like bitches Gold, platnium, silver, copper Any kind of pussy popper gets wopped or chopped When Mystikal hits that door, now watch Nigga want a big cock, get popped like Hitchcock When I rib shot, when I hip hop, that zip lock thats thick knot Ohh, it's goin though me, got me struttin When E.F. Hutton talks everybody listens chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind Of Mystikal Song: Here I Go!! Typed by: ldawkin1@bellsouth.net what you what you gon do what you gon uh what you what you gon do nigga? what you what you want what you gon do nigga HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! I, know y'all niggaz ain't fuckin wit me cuz I cant fuck wit my damn self HERE I GO!!! I, know y'all niggaz ain't fuckin wit me cuz I can't fuck wit my damn self HERE I GO!!! DA MAN RIGHT CHEA!!! (da man right chea) Da Man Da Man Right Chea mister man right chea! HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! y'all muthafukkaz betta get ready to rumble!! get in da line like a conga plastic like plumbin spicy like gumbo Y'ALL MUTHAFUKKAZ AINT READY!!!! hey to dem boyz get at dem bitches and cut dey ass as sharp as a machetti dope I dont, herbs I do, you bitches probably couldnt see me wit a birds eye view ooh, it's alive, finna make yo head spin stop walkin da one way to a fukkin dead end bitch ya yellow, coward-hearted gotta erase dem boys get da gas and he can go get this fukkin fire started Yo heart jump like a base line bump you bad enough to meet the alligator in the swamp HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! Da Man Right Chea!! I, know y'all niggaz aint fukkin wit me cuz i cant fukk wit my damn self Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, What you muthafuckas know bout rappin? (what you muthafuckas know bout rappin?) Who Put you on the map? (who put you on the fuckin map?) I, know y'all niggaz aint fukkin wit me cuz I cant fukk wit my damn self (my damn self) HERE I GO!! DA MAN RIGHT CHEA! (somebody said that you wuz lookin for me!) HERE I GO! HERE I GO! Uh, Uh, Damn,  (somebody said that you was lookin for me) Uh,  (uh) Uh,  all right (what you be doin, what you be doin?) Rhyme slayin, straight, suckaz Im slayin hoes Im layin niggaz can't barely stand I got em layin and prayin the man (....?....) ask them hoez, I aint playin wit em Wanna get beef, I haveta turn my cheek cock back like like mad max and knock out one of dem fuckin teeth Im a mean, gene machine the exocutioner, be appeased wit gillotine my lifestyle is rural I'll hit on ya poodle after disaster, have ya sippin on chicken noodle get ya ass in gear and, gettin fucked while ya winnin Im the shark in the dark, Bitch at night dont go swimmin cuz if you do you doomed (...?...) I'll be da king of da looney toons sweatin and gaspin, Im a massive assasin All this smashin and smashin kickin ass wit a passion mystikal's on a role jus that cold (ice cold) Anotha nigga couldnt touch me wit a flagpole wanna fight Iron Mike but ya too damn light like a knife, I'll rip ya from ya ass to ya appetite gangsta (...?...) Fuck a (?) I'm the foreign minister don't brag fast wanna battle? BRING A BODY BAG!! I'm gonna need it, to carry yo stupid ass I observe, Time to serve rhymes I heard like words of King George III I proceed, to mislead the sweet hoes i cheated Devour like its sour like Johnny Appleseed I intrude, Hoes call me rude Bitch I'm smooth, whatch ya fuckin attitude blast from the past curse like I'm mad I'm like a black cat on the trail of a fat rat! You finna overdose and choke off these rhymes I wrote (somebody said that you wuz lookin for me!!) HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! HERE I GO! DA MAN RIGHT CHEA!!! Im comin straight for yo throat, like a coyote on a goat nobody know,  you sweatin me like a hoe be no, you hoe cannot find a antidote  cuz when i start to float murder he wrote Huff puff and bluff come touch this rough stuff and get cuffed snuffed buffed and scuffed you can't hit this get with this no witness I'm bad to da bone, I'll fuck you up with the quickness I paid my dues I'm bad news to fools I choose you lose fuck you fools I wreck Boo-Coo crews wit the words i use I'm bout to be feelin like ZZ hill cuz im screamin and screamin and singin the blues you be (...?...) I never bled in battle, I refuse to lose You can bring ya whole posse, bitch I still wont lose I'll stomp ya whole staff,  you must want a bloodbath, fuckin riff-raff break you in half and laugh then snap and served you I (..?..) and heard you think about dem words you heard you fuckin nerd you tried to probably rob me dodge me fuckin fightin makin money on my hobby freezin degrees run em up, shut em up, buttered em up what up? wanna fight? bitch, put em up how dat sound? come get knocked down bolos I throw bitch you won't last no round I bet let's see what we can fuck wit next Step dat ass in the ring (ding) and I'mma jab it and jet Cuz I am the baddest black prince of the south If you run up, you'll get knocked the fuck out!!! pound for pound, blow for blow  we can go into the ring Ass whoopin HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! HERE I GO!!! Da man right chea! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Never Gonna Bounce (The Dream) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, misfitx@telocity.com * * send corrections to the typist Y'all bitches... get cha mind right Get cha get cha mind right Get cha get cha mind right G-get cha mind right, get cha mind right Get cha get cha mind right, get cha mind right Get cha get cha mind right.. [1st Verse] I'm tryin to do my thang like a rap star Tryin to stay clean, make my ends, and avoid the game but it's hard Cause I can ball dope and get paid like a motherfucker Gotta be another way to pay T. Tucker Used to roll twenties by the ounce (ounce) But poppa got a brand new mag it's called BOUNCE Crackers wanna label me a nigga man, but I'm a bigger man I'll say, "Fuck David Duke I'm the Trigger Man!" It's the new Southern train goin round I started in the St. Thomas, then it moved to Gulf Town Saturday night was the time but - where your gat? Niggas get WILD when they hear :Where-dey-at? Where-dey-at?" You bitches tryin to pussy-pop Me and Herb slang tapes ten dollars a WOP I got the tape that you NEED, the tape that you WANT Slangin tapes out the CLUB and tapes out the TRUNK When them Trigger Man be a story Take it to the St. Thomas rock another block party DJ Irv had that shit bumpin T.T. Tucker had the 10th Ward JUMPIN!! The whole project full of hoes (Come on - go T.T., go T.T., go!) But if a nigga jumps stupid I'm blast ya Who put the fuckin thing together? ME! That's ME! That's who!! I told you don't fuck with me [Chorus: repeat 3X] Neva gon' bounce, neva, neva gon' bounce  (Never.... say never) [2nd Verse] Oooh, see I'm the one that they talkin bout Drop a little red tape in the store and it sold and my pocket got swoll from the shows I bought a little more gold and fucked a lotta more HOES! All them bitches know whazzup (how dey know how dey know?) Shit, they heard me on the radio, boot up or shut up "Where-dey-at?" hittin dead home If it wasn't bumpin in your ride it was bumpin in your headphones No it ain't goin to my had cause I ain't gon' let it Damn it feel good gettin sweated, hehehehe Uptown, downtown, cross the river Don't matter I'm the nigga, the nigga nigga, the nigga nigga One brick object (What happened?) Couldn't keep my motherfuckin ass out that project Shit, that's when it happened (What up?) 5-0 busted in there was a raid and I was captured [1st Bridge] Alright, all you niggaz on the floor right now! DOWN! Get out the way! Ay man, why you fuckin wit me? I'm the fuckin boss, I put this shit together! I tol' you that {*punch*} shut the fuck up! I don't give a fuck who you are get your ass on the floor! [3rd Verse] Man calm down, calm down Yo T.T. don't trip (f'real) Cause when them laws let you loose, boy we gon' handle this See you gon' get your shot at limelight But in the meantime in between time keep your mind right (But man they said that I was wanted) For what? (Narcotics, homicide, shopliftin warrant!  So much shit I can't finish.) This call concludes this minute {*dial tone*} (Hello? Hello?  BITCH! You gon' hang up on MEEEEE??!!!!!) Alright (*repeat 21X*) Shake that ass, never gonna.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Y'all Ain't Ready Yet (Precise) Man, them niggas can't fuck with you, man, fuck them niggas man! (Mystikal) I know, I, I, I know I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self I know, I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me I I know y'all niggaz... Ungh, got-damn it took a nigga thirteen motherfucking years through this shit bruh, I been rappin since La-Di-Da-Di some fucking where I know y'all niggaz I know y'all niggaz I know y'all niggaz Aw shit, it's on nigga Chorus: I'm still not that nigga to fuck with buster, bad for your ho health I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me cause I can't fuck with my damn self When Mystikal hits the door (door closing sound) See can't nobody fly, through the swamp and bayou, like I do I know y'all niggaz can't fuck with me and they can't but they try to Some niggaz just need to be warned It's gonna be harder to get it up on a my own nigga go ring the alarm Matter fact better know what it take for the back of your head to hit that grass Let' s get this straight from the jump I ain't playing with your bitch ass These outside niggaz that run to the mic better come clean Fuckin with that Saudi Arabian Desert Storm veteran 12th ward offspring I'm runnin these niggaz to the jets to the hills, to the back of the tracks A-A-ask them hos, did I do that? I'm coming boisterous with 5 million switches I'm the man with single and double and triple and four five six time them bitches I'm the nigga with the go head, fuckin your bitch up in your bed standin 5 foot 'leven dick crooked like a roach leg Much bone and I don't fail a test Little nigga fuck hos both sides of the river  I can't be fucked with, you can't touch this better grab hold Bitch I'm so cold I'm like a 24 year-old north pole! Give a fuck about these raggly ass hoes Grippin my nuts as I strut in my baggy ass Girbauds Makin em stop, (bigidabounce) pause, Like Jubilee All I'm harder than a nigga watchin' Janet Jackson in draws! But if ya catch me on the tv, or the radio spell it M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L y'all ain't ready though! Chorus 2x (Precise) So Mystikal, in your own words could you explain your style? I gotta get a rhyme that can tumble through the air like a Rambo spear See y'all can stop lookin at another nigga face cause bitch the man right here You nigga didn't think that I could swing mine  Bitch I'm doing bad and saying rhymes at the same time (I ain't lying) Talking behind my back don't make me no nevermind Cause all you can say is I'm smarter than Einstein I'm fire like Cayenne! You'll never catch me cause I'm swift as a hyena Gimme the chance I'll rock the lakefront arena like Teena Marie be rockin Tipitina's (damn Gina) Tall dark strong long and lean ain't nobody comin cleaner It's all in the way I lay my game down Watch me swing with the gillotine rollin round nigga town But everybody think these niggaz be wantin me to prove that I'm the man Bitch I'm colder than a freezer, cooler than a fan I got no love for no b-i-e-otch Matter fact's been that way since I was wearin osh kosh b'gosh But yet y'all steadily trying to squab bout me When I come in this door the only thing y'all can do is talk about me Better get some business about yourself that's what you better do Matter fact I'm a tell you mother fuckers three things I'm a never do One : never gonna change my style Two: never gonna bounce, three: never gonna bow I'm gettin tired of being sick and tired Nigga you got a problem with me gettin' high Suck big dick and die Same rhyme phrase get me paid, they can't fade the tan shade man with the braids Bitches peep as I creep through the 12th ward I done offended these niggaz compare me to niggaz that gotta practice looking hard Bitch-a won't leave me alone I'm not that Thug and I'm not that Ruggish but I do pack Bone Black prince of the south that's my title Bitch I'm whoo chka ckha oooooww! bad like Michael I'm throwin rhymes at a steady flow (Inhaling) whoo there they go y'all niggaz ain't ready yo Chorus Bitch I pimp hos instead of an army petty shit it don't harm me Bitch I'm entertaining like Cedric and I'm mac like Bernie I'm black like Menace and I'm g like Slimm I'm Sporty like T and I'm smooth like Tim I can click just like the boot camp but I'm conscious like daughter Bitch I'm insane but um, you still be wantin to claim that I'm your partner I'm Down just like Bust plus I'm Ice just like Mike  And I'm the living lyrical miracle I'm just ice like precise I'm the invisible man you blind you can't see shit Picture I got more bitches on my dick than bitches at FREAKNIK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Not That Nigga (remix) Typed by: HaWnZ_22@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist I'm the ready type of nigga to play the gangsta Cause you's probably coolin But straight off the motherfuckin breast I ain't comin for no foolishness 100 volts on the mic kept knowin (????) then I'm probably chillin Tilt that crazy off bottle 'til I'm blitzed Fuckin yeah nigga yall know that feelin But I ain't that type of nigga to shoot the shit on my shit list But I'm that talkin bro nigga thats quick to handle my business Im makin a run with shit that I've done Im wavin a gun at shit that you've brung Make niggas get brung stoned and hung with the slip of a tongue I unfold a truck-load as I explode You bitches can't hold the side-door when I'm in my front-load Im keepin'em (??) I'm keepin'em hype I'm leavin'em right I'm even uptight Holdin the mic and say the word FUCK more times then Dolomite I'm the nigga that got the last words you got served Smokin fat herbs and gunnin niggas down like back burs With fast words I'm zipper I'm funky like raptors And I'm much much more then a mouth full of adverbs and bad words Stick it to a nig like chop sticks (? My rapper I'm rapper ?) More flava more flava more cooler then a tub of Kool-Aid I'm never in doubt before so nigga then why try Hittin harder then Popeye slappin motherfuckers like Cha-Cha I fuck with a capitol "F" put (?) to death (??) crowd def And I'ma continue to flow until I come up on my last breath So homie raise up (OH!) Hold these tricks up (OH!) See I'm that nigga that tells whether or not a nigga stay now look here [Chorus] (x8) I'm not that nigga I'm not that nigga I'm not that nigga to fuck You been picked off Keep fuckin wit a nigga like me get hip-tossed Fuck fightin faggot nigga I know He jumped your bitch ass like Kriss-Kross And look at a riddle that I be little When I'm a jumbo now a fiddle I jump in your eardrum and play (?Baradiddle?) Stop wanting to ditch'em I'm in this bitch and comin out rich In case yah know 'bout a FIRED UP son of a bitch Inch by inch as I drench I'm a sense clench That bullshit that yall niggas (???????) (?play of a pinch?) I got the gimmick to make them bitches rough like they can feel me They can't get near me cause they fear me but yall don't hear me Just like that bitch I saw Who hit my fucking car Look-it-hear I'm playin that hoe from (?Chipiwalk?) Whatchu talk? I'm very (?hard pressin?) so niggas can kick this fuckin lesson I am fluorescent as if caressing from that fuckin crescent A nigga that know how Nigga that been to serve (Go Child) Mamma that pushin shake my head just like they got a loo-ow So come with the pussy the paper the pen and the pussy now PASS ME THE MIC Show you around jump on yo' ass just like a (???) I shot more shit then Shawn Kemp but got more bitches then a world pimp And got more flavour then a brown shrimp I'ma be comin out flossin shit that make a nigga gon' talk some shit But if you ain't brought shit Then I ain't the nigga to start shit wit' [Chorus] x8 You couldn't fuck the old but all of a sudden what make you think you can fuck wit the new shit You stuck on stupid I ain't that nigga to fool wit' A nigga might sprout up talkin about WHAT The only way to keep my muthafuckin name out your muthafuckin mouth is keep your muthafuckin mouth shut I don't step (??????) fire then a gutter I'm takin'em 10 at a time cause I ain't SCARED of you muthafuckers I'm strippin'em up I'm rippin'em up and flippin'em off And I'ma continue to flow on rhymes then single'em out and choppin'em all up Making classics See massive titties and pussies and asses But got more hoes then a value class More vicious then BooBoo wash you up like we do I'm blacker then Voo-Doo, harder then a rough rhyme (????) Black like Sheep, I'm Cool like Jay in effect like Rex I'm Grand like Pub huh, huh daddy are you? I'm Ice like T, rock like Kim fuck it Spice like One but got more Enemies then the Public nigga I kick it around (???) (?choke on bread crumb?) (?Rich'n and pitchin?) (?????) to the hair drum The bigger opponent nigga thats you You can't compare a nigga like Mystikal to Skidrow or Ugly Kid Joe But yet you suddenly pickin terf wit me You irkin wit me jerkin wit me when I tell your bitch to stop flirting wit me I'm giving it (?mad house like fan belt?) I came tho I know you niggas can't fuck wit me cause I can't fuck wit my damn self I'm making yall mummble (or what I thought of.....) Nigga you beating me is like cuttin a Philly grass with wire cutters I, Be keeping to you all so breakin'em off And still uh, fuck with me you faithful walkin around with pork chop drawers I'm ready to graze and blaze pump up the gauge and pick up the pace I'm more deadly then having safe sex, with a bitch with AIDS A nigga like myself is BAD for you hoe tho I fucked that bitch one time and now that hoe can't hold herself That shit be kicks and niggas be smokin in cliques and fuckin'em tricks I rollin from that Big Easy Where the buddha are beyond and niggas they rumble, over the least mumbo-jumbo Standing tall like this Mutumbo but turn that shit to Briant Gumble That's how we do it when we kick it back on my block It's pop or get popped Kill or get killed Drop or get dropped And nigga be wondering why they always spunnin is off of some dumb shit Cause I ain't, cause I ain't, cause I ain't that nigga to fuck with bitch [Chorus] Fade till End The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Mind of Mystikal Song: Dedicated to Michelle Tyler *A brief tone* (Mystikal) Miss Michelle Tyler: Sweet, beautiful, intelligent, talented, creative, and crazy as hell. And missed more than anything in the world. Thank you for being the best sister a brother could of ever wanted. Twenty-four years. Laughter and joy. Sure is gon' be hard not being able to see your smile again, baby. So, I guess, I'll just hold onto  all the memories that we did share, until we meet again.  Anyway, I did it Chell. We did it. I wish you could of been there for the finishin' touches, but it's all good,  cause your gonna always be in my heart. Oh, thank you for hoopin' on I'm Not That Nigga for me. You did that, baby. You were already a angel, so  I guess your just goin' home. And, I know that heavenly choir sound good up there, now. They one more strong. So, you keep singin' baby, and I'm gonna keep you in my heart and my thoughts. I love you. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/Master P, Silkk, Fiend, Mac Album: Unpredictable Song: Born to be a Soldier (Intro [Master P]) What's up niggas and bitches. It's the muthafuckin kisarme. It's No Limit, Master P. Im'a introduce y'all to the muthafuckin,  one of the hardest liuetenants on the tank, Mystikal. We was all born to be soldiers. See, these evil thoughts, they was scarred into our muthafuckin souls from these wars, the streets, the ghetto, the hood. The ghetto. Chorus: X 7 [Master P] Bitch, I'm a soldier! [Mystikal] I was born to be a soldier! [Mystikal] Ah, ATTEN! Hoo! Muthafuckas don't you move I got what is takes to make your ass feel (?) You don't wanna rest in this parade No Limit soldiers throwin grenades! Strictly, heavy artillery, calm and gunnin I got your ground troops runnin from INCOMING! Go, go go go, the future caliber Bout to rip your (?) vest, split your capita The niggas be marchin in the land camp Bitch we ghetto soldiers, the streets is what made us! No LVE's, no MRE's But we kill our enemies, and drive humvees! Chorus X 5 [Master P] Born, to be, a muthafuckin soldier The colonel don't play, I'm out that tank Money in the bank, make niggas thank At ease when we rank, salute cause we cap Fools run they trap, soldiers bust caps Fools die a million deaths, solider dies once Put that on my gold keys, my gat, and my blunt Candy painted hummer, triple gold D's We bout it, eyes on our CREAM cause we rowdy Battle kicked advil, niggas load they carriages Weapons on the mayor of the cash cause I know character I'm ready to bust keys, niggas (?) Niggas are fuckin, slanging them trees They gon die in New Orleans Chorus X 4 [Silkk] I came out the muthafuckin womb, niggas wanna combat tank My ghetto antics, my ghetto tactics I smack quick, stick another gat nigga to your ass and acrobatic Nigga what? Black, my M-16, is black bitch I was born to drop phat shit Punk your ass like a sac bitch Yeah, I keep a gat bitch (?) I react quick Blow them soldiers, told ya, and that's it But see, I set my shit off like a punt (Go, T, Go) We roll, I said we roll like a muthafuckin blunt See, don't come stunt and don't try to front I'm Silkk the Shocker, I snatch your ass like a muthafuckin duck I put on my camoflauge nigga, straight up my fuckin boot Why would a muthafucka who ain't TRU laugh at old shoot About face, salute! Tell I'ma soldier, by the way I talk Tell I'ma soldier, by the way I march (Right, left, left) I was born to be a soldier! Chorus X 4 [Fiend] Bringin bags and weed Lil Fiend live by the soldiers creed Of broken no seed in the botton pockets of my fatigues War fatigues, playing live chess games with the chain (?) at the gun range, cause I'll bring pain When I'm playing survival games, that's why I sport a vest But niggas are put to rest, but got them right tatted on my chest I was best on my recon, started harm and dis The war from this, is that Fiend was born from this Scarred from this, so all the armies now go hide Cause the crime design, stay from nine to five Enemies retire, and the bigger go up, till my gun show up No Limit soldiers, the world blow up! Chorus X 3 [Mac] Assassin, soldier, sniper, murderer Son of a bitch, arsonist, house burglarer Been there, done most before the sun rose We changin clothes, when the po po's chase Narrow with the bass, got them hoes all in my face And them fake niggas hate, so I started different ways And even when I'm dead and gone My legacy'll live on Tatoo me on your arm and tell niggas he got his rhyme on Murder murder kill killin and shit that I spit For lunatics who be feelin this shit Put the gat in my face, I never squeal, nigga keep it real Pops gave me the game, bout to bag a feel We attack like the Men in Black You react, if you got a gat I'll never die, camoflauge in my vein I'll never change in the purple rain My name manifest pain, I'm a soldier Chorus X 8 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: Murderer 2 Typed by: diesel@greater.net Mothafuckin' murderer x2 Murdered my sister the only thing ?I'm tryin to tell? is to take it to that nigga get that mutherfucker what I tell myself make that mutherfucka feel what Chell felt heavenly father but ?your will? to bring them tears to her eyes fuck the fussin and the fights why she have to die couldn't ?beleive my baby? to leave away from here so goddamn early I tried to tell her that nigga was bad news but she ain't heard me  fact was that she love this bitch but she found love on the graveyard shift and how many ? mutherfuckin' quick lift, or spliff, on the fifth find my baby sister she ain't deserve that shit nigga you couldn't of, nigga you wouldn't put your hand on a women, how could it be my sister can't say I wouln't miss her but I wouln't forget cha get that bitch for every time he hit ya he gone pay for what he did ya MURDER! Motherfuckin Murderer x3 possesed that nigga that hurt her 100% black queen self ?every women? nigga you lost your fuckin' life when you took hers from her you took her from her brothers and her baby mother from her but after its said and done your ass gone burn like its summer even ?a fuck? bout a system sister was your victim fuck he said he didi it what the fuck you mean your being a victim fuck him, I'll get 'em be that nigga to deal with him cut him and split him, reverse that feelin' commited ?mutherfuckin? centuries under my ceilin' the paper said lacerations to her ? what did the killin' but thats on my first born to make him my first blood nigga you took her from her fuckin' close friends and first cous' she would probably miss my partner she was cool with ? multiplied by the people she went to school with never the less, rest my sweet sister ?I'm about to? handle this buisness get that thing and kiss ya picture heavenly fatherhe done put me in that water but I got to get theat bitch for what he did to my momma daughter never dreamed he'd be the one to hurt her she died a bloody murder MURDER! Motherfuckin' Murderer x4 into the tick-tock of the wee hour shit started to get sour she was killed by that fuckin' coward how could nothin' take so much and no more was uppin' no more huggin' but his conciense know the truth so he fucked up and her memories was all that was left so to that I'm clutchin' she was taken out of your reach now you can't touch her unfortunatly also taken from us so we gotta sufer ?dabalin'? down to that last supper gotta hustle feelin' my album shake the devil up reconstruct this motherfucka I never slowed down just throw it down like I know how thought I do it like she would have wanted me to do it I still can't believe I lost her in the worst way she died wearin' my very first T-shirt on my birthday now what the fuck I'm supposed to celebrate would have celebrated if I caufgt his ass but I got in my ?bed? and its too late everybody gotta roll they must play no hollerin' when to pray  but this mutherfucka gotta pay there will be no reasonable excuse for what you've done even ignored him when he started stealin' from me cause them was crumbs a raindrop to a river huh, a sinner to a christian a holler to a whisper she was the sole reason that I got along wich ya but I'm a never heal from the scars of what you did to my sister MURDERER! Motherfuckin' Murderer x6 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: 13 Years 19 nigga 7, bitch what's happenin? Chorus:  Thirteen muthafuckin years! I know what to do to knock your stupid ass so bad you ain't no challenge. Thirteen muthafuckin years! This ain't no fluke, this pure deep talent. Thirteen muthafuckin years! I know what to do to knock your stupid ass so bad you ain't no challenge. Thirteen muthafuckin years! [Verse 1] Bow, when I hold the microphone and hold it Keepin me rappin until I hoarse and swollen Thirteen years and rollin I rate colder than coldest Gettin part of this, niggas don't want no more of this Never leave you alone in your life, nigga I'm selectin and sellin rhymes Slap a nigga that style sound some like mine Mad enough you screamin "It AIN'T!" (This line whispered, can't hear) You be pissin me off some the time, take you down one at a time I'ma be known for fuckin over your whole album Who want my rhyme? Keep decling, I'ma keep climbing Keep duckin, I'ma keep buckin Keepin heat seekin rhymes comin to get you bitches off me  Disrespectors cow sled, (..?..) Hard to break, if it comes that way It took me thirteen muthafuckin years just to make a tape But that don't mean that my rhymes one of the strongest All I know I been tryin to make it for the fuckin longest Fuck the side of all this, long as you done it When I done it, gettin blunted bout to run this bitch Takin them riders down with me, clown with me Leave thirteen in your muthafuckin chest and you can count em Chorus [Verse 2] Nigga go pass the vibe, dividin mad this year Creative catastrophy, leave MCs in closed caskets Hit ya like full metal jackets, cut like hatchets Tight as ratchets, and burn like matches Thick than amino acids, flip like gymnastics, nasty as a pissy mattress Droppin like the temperature in December Clippin em, tippin em, been writin raps far back as I can remember Fulla them rocks, everybody move key It was ghetto Djs and sucka MCs Handle your buisness in this industry of competition Or be at F.W. Bulls washin dishes Bitch I was born to write million dollar rhymes Battle in the hallways of Cohen back in 85 86, 87, 88, hooked up with Big Boy records and made my first demo tape We dropped some real shit in the basement I had big ol' nigga tracks, raps like pavement To come from New Orleans made it hard to surface That's when I got discouraged and joined the service Pissed of and I (?) before long  I went to war and served federal time before I made it back home No more rips in my jeans and gettin my cream Ain't shit unlucky about my number thirteen Chorus [Verse 3] I hit the bitch like BOSH! Owwwwww! Never gon bounce could rap and doin time before I bow How in the fuck you like me right now Told your ass she had said I'd be on top of the pile Cause my rap style is my hustle I shot niggas up like Muslims With the flex like muscle Use a, pretty delievery cause it's most important I form a style sharp enough to cut straight through the bones I came from my welts, gave up my belt I got off from Big Boy records to put my single on the shelf, now Do I do it? Fuckin right I did it Shoulda seen the little chir'en in the street singin I'm Not That Nigga Size ain't nothin nigga, I'm short Shockin nigga, raah! They gave me five hundred dollars, shit I quit both of my jobs Fuck em, got some other shit to do from nine to five My birthday came, and my sister died But next year, Mystikal signed a half a million dollar deal with Jive This shit thats tragic can't be no more Because of my rings I work at A&P no more I drive my landcruiser off the show floor Got the time to time to feel pain, sittin on Volvos Comin with scheme, up in my dream Who'd a ever thought I'd be a No Limit soldier by the end of that thirteen Thirteen manic muthfuckin years! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: Unpredictable Typed by: Alittleloco@aol.com If it ain't live, it ain't me Oh nigga, I'm too deaf to move a step through shards or slip and slide Talk back and you get me for cussin', cuttin', bustin' bustin' me Tried to talk 'em, but they really won't pay it Found nothin',fuck 'em fuck 'em Inside, outside, in a state of an abomination Don't want no confrontations, making me hit you with combinations Kicking in bloodier faces, compilations, occupations Back in hibernation, yeah you suffer with complications Too in to be losin' money, too old to be time wastin' Man, people that don't even listen to rap still buy my tape Only Beats By The Pound gettin' down on the drum Wit' DJ Darryl and Moe, hollywood here we come If what you are reflects your actions, bitch I'm a man Ahh, shut up, I don't wanna here it Cause I'm 'a fade you and your chance You know what you did was despicable I sick of you, they call me Mystikal, cause I'm Unpredictable hook (x2) I said what they thought that I wasn't gonna say I did what they thought that I wasn't gonna do I knew what they really not want me to know, I'm Unpredictable Can't fight it, deny it, you're gonna get lost Sure you can't follow the rhymes that I wrote No one can stop me, uncover my flow I'm Unpredictable Man, until you give it your all, you never will know what can happen From nappy-headed ass Michael, to cold-blooded ass rapper Sometimes the little kids be listenin'to me  And I'm tryin' to stop the cursin' Teachin' 'em bad words and then people be gettin' nervous (Oh my God) Calm down, I'm not that type of rapper you'll see Besides, I know some of y'all churn out that cursin' better than me I'm ice-cold baby, I'm zero degrees I'm like a lumberjack, cuttin' MC's like trees Choppin' 'em down, knocking 'em down, locking 'em down Four years, and six months later I'm still on top of the mound Just more powerfully now, on time for that No Limit sound Already know what you gonna say before it come out your mouth Yee got's to stay awake, tidin' y'all no matter whats done Old style-stealing copycat tried to bite and bit his tounge You can't fight that feeling, it's irresistable Never know what I'm 'a do next, I'm Unpredictable hook If you thinking the nigga done rolled with a other they'll take you Nigga you heard wrong Prime Suspects (who?), Mia X, (who?) Mr. Serv-on  Oh, you want to ride in my Mercedes But I ain't got no more room in the back (my bad) Whole Gambino Family in their, Kane and Abel and Mac Got C-Murder, Colonel, the Shocker, you don't want none Oh hell, O'Dell and VL all of the funk sons I'm confident, don't come in conceited, ain't got no Big Ed I'm bad like Fiend, but I B. like Craig So don't provoke me, if you don't want to get strong-armed Big Mann and Champ, V-Dog, be worrying might do you some harm All that ready to put a bullet in your belly-belly With a four-ten two shells, Boswell and Kelly-Kelly We ain't faking, making hits and gettin' paid You can't fade the track that the tank just made Mystikal, I'm Unpredictable Shit, anything else is unacceptable hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Silkk Album: Unpredictable Song: Ain't No Limit Wuz up yall, wuz up soldiers? This M-P, The Colonel. We aint no rookies at makin records Mystikal, Silkk Together, Oh yeah. Its time to pass out the stripes Hah Bra I told you there wasnt no limit I told ya like I told him Like I mean what I say what I say is what I mean I talk mo shit than Muhammed Ali In a situation about makin my green First impression nigga back down Fuck they cant stand up next to me Competition bring out the best in me Shit you talkin weirder than Elvis Presley Im tryin to blow out bigger than the jaws of Dizzey Gilespie Nigga the nigga wont let me Thats why when I get my shit I snipe like Wesley You fuckin wit my right on what you been missin in this picture Style funkin than a big pot of chitilins in yo kitchen Some slang in yo shit aint hittin Like I used the sound before Listen to yo punk ass diamond sherm like what the fuck Im around here for Rough lines and hard rhymes Consider me an asset Slow down cause I got some more rhyme ambush ya ass set Nigga thats how it is and Ima make sure it stay that way I did what they thought that I wasnt gonna do And said what they thought that I wasnt gonna say You know when Im cookin Cause you can smell it To a buckshot from a pellet Here I Go! Im here to tell it  x 2 Here to tell it Stomp this motherfucker like elephant Spray you bitches like apes Fly by you bitches like pelicans Put a crack in yo exo-skeletan Shake this bitch like a bowl of gelatin we soldiers no limit soldiers ugh there aint no limit Acceptin you can deliver title material Somethin got your mind all blocked up I be sexually exited when Im writin Im racked up Oh Creative bails been unclogged up I keep my elbow in your back To keep yo ass cocked up Aint no fuckin wit me Aint no fuckin wit shit I did 26 and been through it Tellin it like it is Comin up with tight shit To make your girlfriend love me Hunt me like playin rugby Been a star since smokin puffies And Im that type of nigga that come thru this bitch Now I stay down like it aint nothin My position is a matter of graphs My title is not for uppin Seem like I can take a little bit more that what you put out to harm me Gotta continue to line my style to take Formin a fort (You really will) I writes em line for line Take my time till the shit is all tight Focusing mind For most definitive could take all night All right Fuckin right Unlike nobody else Im a one man show Like havin sex with yourself (Oh that was good) You know how we kick it You know what we do All opportunities And all unlimit No matter if its good Its gotta be tru Mix mastered and marked Somebody sell it Fuck wit a no limit nigga over there talkin bout Bitch Im here to tell it All aboard, put your coat on boy Cause its about to get real fuckin chilly Smoke yo ass like a philly Fix yo face Why you lookin all silly Uh I stay muggin Or should I say stay thuggin (Okay) I aint lettin shit pass NO! Im whoopin yo ass down the boat Trick Im the illest Shouts say fuckin thriller Mystikal and Silkk tha Shocker Is how we met like King Kong Godzilla Two of the baddest niggas on one track How many of yall see some of that None Well in this rap game it dont matter We run that! Master P, Silkk, Mystikal Like herb when they fire Yall busters better retire Put chall mouthful under the wire It aint no limit to our biz Monopolize, capitalize our share Makin rhetoric comin thru shit we done did Cause I lay laws down like the mayor do Boy look Im buck wild Plus I got mo styles than a hairdo I play my enemies and foes like checkers (Crown Me!) Keep those in section (how broke) Broke like some records No limit play it Yall better hear it You a bad mutha (Hush Yo Mouth) I was only talkin bout yo lyrics I hang with ballers and gangstas (Oh my) Step back for a second And watch these soldiers come take ya Roll By! Entrepreneurs n Tycoons If yall doubt it Yall better not say it cause I been known to get down and dirty Or should I say Im just Bout it Bout it T-R-U Yall spell it It aint no limit to this boy And Im here to tell it There aint no limit Where you at Mystikal! HERE I GO! Told ya shut ya mouth two of the baddest, aint no limit Silkk that shocker, and mystikal, Ice cream man, audi 5000 tru represent yall cant fade us shut ya mouth no doubt we just bout it bout it let it all out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Master P, Silkk The Shocker Album: Unpredictable Song: Ghetto Child Typed by: TRUSouldia@aol.com [Master P] It's crazy out here (uhhhhhhh) Yo mama I'm tryin to keep my head strong (whats up Mystikal?) Uhhhhhh! (uhhhhhh) I'm just a ghetto child trying to make it Uhhhhhh! I'm just a ghetto child trying to make it Uhhhhhh! This ghetto got me crazy Mamma, won't you pray for your baby? Uhhhhhh! I'm just a ghetto child trying to make it Mamma, I'm just a ghetto child trying to make it I feel like a bird nigga with no wings I'm stuck in this ghetto trying to have a little change My homies killing up each other cause we gotta eat And I ain't tripping cause I'm running from the police I done seen little kids in the projects starving I done seen more hoes messing then Marvin See in the ghetto the sun it barely shines But so many niggas in jail and the welfare lines And all my life I thought Bill Clinton ran the country Until I found out Bill Gates had all the money And the media starting east and west coast wars I'm from the south, where they predijuce on us all Come out of the powdered milk and eggs don't fill us up But why the government sold us drugs and charges to clean us up Gave us three halves and high interest student loans Four dollar minimum wage and section eight, we call it home Chorus x2 [Mystikal] It's real when you can do whatever you want to do when you want to do it Ain't to many niggas out there living like that That's why the rest of you niggas aint never gone through it How many niggas in the penn how many niggas in the cemetary don't know why? How many strikes y'all niggas need How many innocent children in the ghetto got to lose thier lives? WHY!!!! Why you gotta make your momma cry? HUH!!!! She take you out of the street cause that's where you gonna die But you won't listen cause your mind is one track and your head is hard And your getting flipped, and your talking back Showing your ashy act, ass straight up off the wall Lemme talk to y'all, don't think it's too hard to fall but that's far and all And sore and all, it's cool when it started off Now niggas duckin bullets like dodgeballs Niggas got me scared to plant my seeds, fear of high's gonna grow Living in a messed up time, a messed up court I'm telling ya, you can't do shit no more! It's bigger than us, it's out of our hands that's why I'm praying to God Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water Cause it's your world, and we your children your sons and your daughters We struggling, trying to get out of the ghetto trying to make it to mars!!! Chorus x2 [Silkk The Shocker] Dear mama pray for your son, hoping I can make it through this game Wishing I can change, I've been through so much Seen so many things, couldn't find the words to explain The only way to avoid stress is to get high, by drinking hennessey but I But I can't get too high, cause I gotta keep my eyes on my enemies I've seen harder times, but there gonna be some harder days Penetentary close, but you know what? Cemetaries aint that far away Before I die I'm trying to make the whole world feel like our people scared to stand there The way we express ourself, they think that we all some killers But look into the eyes of a ghetto child influenced by the street Go to sleep to gunshots, wake up from the sirens of the police See now my life aint been the same nigga, life as a thug If I had to draw a picture of my life I have to paint my picture in blood Closest homie died, before he die little cousin told me this Get you something cause cemetaries packed full of niggas who had dreams to be rich So keep your head up, to all my ghetto children it was hard  To tell my family one day I was gonna grow up to make millions When I told them, they seemed to laugh at my so called dream I like to scream when I came home from jail When I was told best friend turned into a fiend I aint gonna lie, my conscience aint clear, when I close my eyes Of course you gotta realize, god forgive me, I'm just trying to survive They cut welfare and health care, that shit gotta stop I got a positive note, my auntie having a baby Congratulations, she on rocks Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: Did I Do It* *Comprised of lines from many of his songs on previous albums (Scarface voice) Ok, ok, jou wanna fuck wit me? Come on. Who put this fuckin shit together? ME! THAT'S WHO! Chorus: X 4 Did I do it? You fuckin right I did it! (Alright) Fuckin right, fuckin right [Verse 1] I got's to get it when I do it Make sure your ass feel this Don't want nobody style, used to be Bitch, cause I'm still it! (In your own words could you explain your style?) Ow owwwwwwww! Bad like who? ME THAT'S WHO! I'm the pussy cat! Y'all muthafuckas ain't ready! We gonna be hung, I'm not the nigga I'm not that nigga I'm not that nigga But I'm the (?) That's how we do it when we kick it Bum bum bum, HERE I GO! I can't fuck with my damn self, I-I know Walkin through your mind, look what I brought with me Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water Back to the boulder No, I serious, can't nobody find Who put you on the fuckin map? (Me, that's who) Ahhhhh! No, you, won't, know Did I do that? Fuckin right I did it Chorus [Verse 2] Lemme see, you lackin creativity tryin to bite my style like fingernails Tryin to sound how I sound, on my tounge with every single name (Pause, people talking) Slow down, T don't, damn Watch yourself, and they can't Fire point blank to the back of (?) Four five six time the bitches  Never exercising, you gon get to big for your britches The man right chea! I ain't comin here for no foolishness Sides, not much any one of y'all niggas can do with me Speakin like one of them Puerto Ricans GOOD LORD!  Fuckin right I did it! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ E-40, B-Legit, Master P Album: Unpredictable Song: Here We Go (Intro [E-40]) Uh, uh, hah! Alright, Mystikal, (BITCH! Hombre!) Mystikal. Alright nigga, this E four O. Huh, E four O, E four O, huh. Finna get it crankin up in this biatch, what. Finna get it crankin up in this biaiatch. V-Town (V-town), New Orleans. Check it out. [E-40] Thangs fine, in the middle of the street, sirens and violens silence Muthafuckas play for keeps, violens and diamonds on my grand piano Turn the channel, lemme see that, gimme that back Muthafucka fool what's your problem? (What's your problem?) Nigro, why you wanna pull all on the side of my column Column, shot em shot em, got em, stick em, lose em, stock em Bitch em, dodge em, block em, stock em, rock em, chop em, scheme em Plottin plot em, 45 special, 45 special, nigga with the four five realize [B-Legit] I got this monkey on my back, shit be funky that's a fact Screamin up in them swamps though, pocket fulla twamps though To stomp hoe, totin my pis-tal Up and down them side streets up in my vehi-cal Calli still, rally's fell, French Quarters at night Smoke blunts, get the money, and make shit right We're smokin weed pipe, niggas stuff it and roll Just some fools bout they paper, way out of control Now, here we go (Chorus [B-Legit & E-40]) Here we go, time to let these niggas know Here we go, here we go, uhhhhh Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know Mystikal, P go get the four door Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know Here we go, here we go, uhhhhh Here we go, here we go, time to let these niggas know Mystikal, Master P go get the four door [Mystikal] A-I-N-T-N-O-L-I-M-I-T Nigga, we B-O-U-T-I-T-B-O-U-T-I-T Fonzarelli, gimme the mike Let me get in they ass And with the Ice Cream Man we kickin ass Came way from the project in New Orleans  Where the drug dealers slang and the killers they blast Pass the grass, gimme the weed, smash the gas, we actin bad We lookin for the bitches with the pink cookie We already got the plastic bag Nah-nah-nah-nah-NAH Our money don't stop, it multiply Could this fucker be, P lemme in the pool lemme show ya I pull my size I know some of y'all niggas gon probably have a problem with everything we say Bitch, G-E-T-O-F-F-M-Y-D-I-C-K Always been the shit, so I'ma be the shit Fuckin with niggas like E four O and B-Legit Y'all niggas got a pay to feed the men, we the men Do it fast or slow, we dressed up straight from a fashion show Passin hoes, ain't nothing on the wall in the hall but platinum and gold I put the dick on the track, and break they back To the mighty N.O., came fame, when I brought it to the top Here we go, in this B-I-T-C-H Chorus [Master P] (Talking with echo) Represent, Ughhhhhhhhh! Ha ha! That's how we gon bubble. No Limit style. Mystikal, nigga. E-Feezy, B-Legit, and Master P.  The kisarme. Yeah baby, yeah. Represetin ya heard me. How ya do dat dere. 707, 504, we gettin y'all ready for that there. It's a new beginning, a new millenium. No Limit. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Mia X Album: Unpredictable Song: We Got the Clout Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com [Mystikal] bitch we ain't your standard his and hers rap duo X2 Mystikal, Mia X, who the fuck you take us for X4 you better cover your nose cause rhyme flows run like diahrrea burn like gonorrhea, that's me and mama Mia.....X explicit mistress, unlady like diva you gonna know when you see her you stack like you don't know now we run this motherfucker that's what them No Limit Soldiers done this motherfucker ain't no stopping us now, long way from finished just gettin started, gaining momentum see our faces on magazines, hear our music at parties movies and videos, it's kind of hard to avoid us how many motherfuckers try to come out the south and don't sell out make up all the money, take up all the clout chorus: Mystikal, Mia X we got clout Mystikal, Mia X Mystikal, Mia X Mystikal, Mia X who the fuck you take us for X3 [Mia X] tank mama (who) mama (mia) drama (what) biggest (mama) mama (who) ya'll know Mia my rhymes are the pins in all the voo doo dolls got your earholes hexed, Mrs. X I come to set it off with the unpredictable big ole (whooo) crooked like a roach leg dick nigga Mystikal  and they knows who got the clout all that on that nigga and that broad with the tanks around they necks  we connect like infra-red dots and can't be stopped collosols in this game check the billboard spots, we on top but chatter knocks and ice rocks they can't wait that's why these No Limit Soldiers always break street date fakers hate yet they smile kissin ass no doubt but two faces get you punched them both in your mouth who got the clout, no need to answers that it's not a matter of who, it's a matter of fact We got the clout chorus (Mystikal) [Mia X] (biggest momma and that nigga Mystikal)  (don't hold on your chest, Bitch let it go) whoa, we got tornadoes, nigga spinnin that ass no doubt we got the hook up, we bout it bringin the world to the south (never gon bounce off the billboard count) (No Limit in there, how they do that there) yeah, you can give me trigger man and that hard shit and Mama Mia still gon stay up on her guard bitch (gettin rich makin hits to the filthy dirty) (Bitch I'm almost 30, we livin like we slangin birdies) you heard me, you heard him you know what we bout you know you can't doubt that we got the clout (Bitch we got the clout) chorus until the end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: Still Smokin' Still Smokin Bud, Still Smokin Weed  King Edward, Philly Blunt, Swisha, keep groovin, Tampa Sweet, good ol Optimo, easy water, joker My lips get black and my fingertips burn and my eyes half way open Cough Cough and Im chokin But bitch Im Still Smokin! I wanna be puffin this like I aint be worryin bout nothin If you gonna get the cigar Nigga Ill do the stuffin I roll em swoll like broken arms But I sure hate when they come around this bitch I dont know talkin bout What chall smokin on cause Niggas like that we call em Hoovers They try to get cool with ya To smoke your weed up Is what they do ya Puff Puff Puff Puff Godammit! Nigga you aint chip in no shit here Bitch Whats Happenin! But if you did then its good and it goin down Get rid of them nickels and them dimes Bitch we throwin pounds! Tenth thru 11th to the 12th ward bound But P said one of my niggas I heard somebody say One Time! But I paid it no mind and I kept rollin But that was the Po Pos I gotta get rid of this fat ass Optimo that Im holdin Excellerate and I made that left on line center I hit that bitch one more time Then threw it out the window Young niggas in a big white truck You know whats up Theyre lookin to catch you fuckin up It just so happened that I was hot They looked in the back on the floor And the silver canon and they found the pot I cant believe that I got popped It took me 2 hours and 1500 dollars To get unlocked Straight from jail to the weed spot Shit I took that as a minor setback Hell no I aint stop! And Im Still smokin bud Still smokin weed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: U Can't Handle This Typed by: NoLimit610@aol.com You would if you could But you can't  So you ain't The minute I step in dis bitch I hear Oh shit Mothafucka, God Damn! Watch out for dat nigga You cant handle em For a period of time  Noone can match those rhymes to mine Im top of the line Prickin your ass like a porcupine I know what to do to knock your stupid ass so bad It aint no challenge! This aint no mothafuckin fluke, This pure deep talent! Im Gifted, Explicit mistressed and Explicit Brand new home, same old nigga  I aint playin with you bitches! Why you niggaz be rappin Like your scared and unprepared Im gonn have ya leave this mothafucka sayin Whatd that mothafucka said? Gimme the bud, the weed I puff like elvis and the beetles That gets blazed, then a couple soft MC's on pins and needles Niggaz that got beef wit me  Better bring a heater or either bow down to me  Cut off you dick, jesus Thats the reason Im fuckin wit niggaz Wasup wit dem niggaz dats talkin shit You better go fuck wit anotha nigga You cant handle this! Oh shit, Motha Fucka! God Damn! x8 Certified rhyme busta  Bitch Nigga, Bitch nigga Same nigga, If Im not that nigga  but that nigga from punks, still come with the rif raf went from Gold diggin, ta gold chains I went from Club Train, Ta Soul Train! fightin like a wild coyote Like capone, hot seller Keep your fuckin deck deader, then a bad woodpecker I dont like niggaz tryin ta run up on my shit and set Im the tarantula on the catipillar, Bitch ill kill ya Catch more attention, then oriental peacocks Phat rhymes, Hot tracks, A full room of rebocks Ive got the gift thatll make a Bitch get off me spent like charles barkley  So bitch Dont start me! Whos that click? use to be mobbin in my hood Beware! Here I go! get that boy good Come like, there I was When were yall idiots in the cut? i raise the hacksaw, you jump back Now yall niggaz dont want no trouble, Cant stop us I know ya'll nigga know better than to fuck wit tha man Dont ya (dont ya) Nigga dont you know what my style cant be poached and every nigga around, probably got beef wit somebody But thats the same nigga between the fighters I aint got it (i aint got it) When underground rules, will be tha day  My legs start to shake another nigga couldnt off throw me on skates! Im the supplier The gasoline on your fire, Got em dodge em Michael Tyler! The drunken fighter Yall Niggaz cant do what I do! (man fuck that nigga) Naw Motherfuck you! Good lord, the rhymes come through so hardcore Bitch I got it if you bad enuff to take it Its yours! A lyrical ass whoopin  Is what im cookin Hungry, Spittin all over your room when you wasnt lookin Aint no canibus, the wrong nigga with ta mess You get tha flatback like rambo Bitch YOu cant handle this!  (11 times) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: The Man Right 'Chea Typed by: Alittleloco@aol.com Uh oh, whutcha want whutcha gon do nigga It's the man right Chea I know yall nigga ain't fuckin wit me, you lookin for me If you gonna be down with me Be all the way down with me, or get from around me You see what I'm doin but don't like it  even though everybody and their moms is bout it bout it Our concerts crowded, crowding used to be down but now you doubt it You fuckin playa hatin cowards! We real over here We buildin the No Limit mountain 2 million records and countin So how the fuck is you soundin Nothin but legends, two multimillionaires rhymin Soundscan be astounded We sellin, y'all drownin Black owned and clownin CDs across the counter Told yall I was gonna do it But you didn't wanna see Wasn't worried about a nigga Till I was leavin Come here, let me show you the difference between a man and a ho It's the man right chea, oh you lookin for me Here I Go! Whutchu want do nigga It's the man right chea Chastise and brutalizing, stop 'em from dissin If I'm in it I own it, put the keys in ignition I hope your seatbelts get fastened I'm known for massive harassing Havin to snatch your ass off the mic Grab ya and slap ya Psh come here, psh shut up I know you ain't gonna do it no more You sayin my name you must be lookin for me Here I Go! Whutchu whutchu want do Whutchu gonna do We can do it whenever however you want to Entrepreneur soldier guns galore Watch em burn bitch burn like a flame thrower Rock it all sharp as a bull's horn Long, strong as a python, whores they get they fight on Soon as I cut my mic on Niggas getting humped or stumped Fumbling mcs I crumble Come through like the reaper So deadly you don't wanna rumble That's right don't panic, Mystikal the mechanic Sank you like a torpedo gigantic as the Titanic Rhymes I'm hummin keep hummin I'ma keep comin Grabbin ya woman But the drummer still drummin Hard hitter, bullshitter, head splitter when bitter Assassinate a rookie killa Like Adolph Hitler A mandingo WARRIOR Opponents get crushed I'm too cruel to be moved Too fuckin much to be touched Got em danglin and janglin To that shit when they hear this Fight me like a Viking, bitch I'm tragic like a terrorist You think you don't like it but I have yet to begin You'd rather be my enemy cause I'ma deadly friend So stay the fuck from around me do I make myself clear Unless you lookin for the man Cause the man right chea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: Dick on the track Typed by: NoLimit610@aol.com Hey there, Sup boo? Whats happenin? Come holla at me Naww come here, Yuh I got somthin for you Its gon make ya say Ungh I aint sayin nothin, Yall jus playin Comere, why you actin like that?  Naw for real, come ere tho, Mmm hmmmm You got that fire Aint to fly, But When I jus walked by ya Hands at your side, Dont you know I aint your average buya I thought you live on the twelve-hundred block on Tecnuiqe By tha studio apartments, right off 70 street She said ya, How do you know that? I said you live next door to my friend Her name tazra She said, Oh you know tim? I said ya we use ta kick it man, What about it? She said no thats cool, Thats my girl Dont take it how it sounded She said you mean I said who told ya? me and you can make music, dats kinda what im hopin for movin like im automated what we bakin? mixin, blendin and twisted tha neighbors gonn be listenin She said Slow down baby, movin kinda swift Besides we just met I usually dont get down like this I said Dont even trip I got you! She said, You sure? I said Yup I got to! Put tha dick on tha track, and make em sang Put the needle to the grove x2 Them otha niggaz aint gonna do what i do! When i hit ya with tha tenor Say sapreno When your moanin we aint gonna stop makin racket Till in the mornin I say baby kick it wit me all nite safe sex, like pot holder on my mic! Commin thru the woofer, In your speaker when we freakin, I can see you gettin hot why you weakinin? Climaxin While im rappin Whats my name, and who its for? dats what im askin spitin like wax all over 64 tracks remember shock ta knock you sax symbols, and high hats gettin nasty with the music to be funky like a bass line Disregard it and get ya good sing Aint no red lights, When i take mine Im havin sexual intercourse with the chorus screamin! hot vocals got your adlibs gettin hoarse sweatin the whole session, your circuits burnt She said baby dont beat it down no more Its just the second Verse! First time I laid eyes on ya I was like zaaam Tell me, girl where you goin? whats your name? she said Pam and I think its only better that you know who I am Im the man they make high, like the melophones in southern japan the way I work my aucustics, aint no comparin very rough and aggresive when i lay em Huffin and puffin, Right when I see em Ya breakin it down so scandalouz She got me thinkin, when else Im touchin ya like a massager Ill be bustin off soon as ya touch me in you can hear It through the soundproof booth Fuckin up the roof! Dont stop, she on top  And im watchin em jiggle no more preachin and minglin She pregnant with my singer I dont be kissin and tellin But its gotta be told Now im 500 dollas short  unless we got married, I wed till I was old To infinite, Im plannin our future Its jus gonn be me, you, nobody else, MIne and Mystikal Junior! How that feel? Com here, Take dem headphones off Turn around little baby I put tha dick on the track, ya feel me Its like when i get on the track I have sex with it, I make out with it We make woopie, we do the nasty Anyone wanna jus jump on and rush it? Im gonna spend time wit you I aint quitin halfway The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ O'Dell Album: Unpredictable Song: Sleepin' With Me Typed by: diesel@greater.net Mystikal The Bitch x6 The bitch been  Chorus: O'Dell  (Mystikal) The bitch been sleepin' with me (the bitch) The bitch been sleepin with me (the bitch been) Mystikal I woke up this morning, dick rock hard this time I had scratches on my back Agghh, lipstick on my draws cause me and the bitch from down the street been creepin' I beat that pussy like a heathin' and she keep my beeper beepin' don't repeat this the whole while we was sneakin' I was cheatin' Shhh, its a secret my lady wanna try to kill me to find out where I was sleepin' I guees the fuck she can't find out come on hoe hurry up and put on your mutherfuckin' clothes look bitch we got to dine out she ? me locks, give me knots put on your draws and your socks she make unannounced frequent stops it wouln't be nothin pleasent if she catch us or find them dirty love letters or them pictures of you in sexy teddies she knows its heavy breathin when we finish legs and shit gonna be numb and you gonna be so ? find your mutherfuckin' earings and fix yo hair come on lets bounce up out this motherfucka before Michael, you in there Chorus Mystikal I didn't want to get into it get involved I know you know thats that same broad from them late night phone calls but I swear darlin, I done begged that bitch to stop callin' come on don't look at me like that it ain't that way at all besides shit we ain't married I ain't got nothin' to hid if I'de a fucked I could've told ya she said ya ain't gotta lie just for your information I walked down the street on the side when you and that bitch was gettin' outa dodge I already found out you's a rapper so I should'nt be suprised I guess I had to see it with my own two eyes I said what the hell, F.B.I. she a spy girl pull that fuckin' skin back and call me circumsized she said yea you make me laugh but you make me cry and I done put up with shit, them trifflin hoes and I'm tired I said what you tryin' to say she said I would just let you slide but I got my pride I love you Michael but this is goodbye you all know why Chorus Mystikal and being that I'm happily unmarried with no attachments a black bachelor with cabbage  bitches be throwin' pussy at me baby you nasy but put your number in my bepper and I'll pick you up Saturday she said Saturdays bad I'm off Sunday I said Sunday I gotta got to the studio I'll hook up with you Monday she said damn honey Monday I'm a have my Son and Tuesday I got an appointment at the salon to get my hair done I said shucks it aint no thing baby handle your biz I ain't got no chil'ren but Mystikal love the kids she said thats cool I'm free Wednesday where you live I'll get my girlfriend to drop me off over there and thats what she did but she pulled up with a fine ass friend she said my girlfrien gotta go to the bathroom bad I said go on in but I'm go in there with ya show you where made that old girl stay down stairs while we went upstairs yall know damn well the bitch freind been sleepin' with me Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: It Yearns* *In case you don't know, 'It's yearn' is the same as 'it's yours' (Intro, some guy talking) Old school niggas. (IT'S YEARN!) True hip hop niggas. Ha, ha. (IT'S YEARN!) This something y'all niggas can dance to. [Verse 1] LIKE THAT! I be a black muthafucka from the 12th ward I want some bullshit niggas (?) hittin em hard I hit em with more (?) I make em run I made a lot of noise with the shit I done I give y'all a chance to roll but y'all niggas can't roll Sit your ass down, let me show you how it go I thought I showed you last time, when will you learn? Watch what you ask for, nigga, IT'S YEARN! [Verse 2] The maniac brotha's back with another dramatic track Crossin my path struck you like you a black cat Maniac, abused, used, and abused Try your luck and bring a pack for the horseshoes You got nothin to lose, it just might help you out a bit Shit, I doubt it You're better off dead, goin head to head with a nigga like M-I-K-E Your best bet's to pack your shit Calm your head, bleedin bitch Sucka tragic you'll never get none You better leave cause you only get one Chance to make a break for it Uh huh, leave now or get the pow Get the fuck out this area, I'ma have to bury ya Mo thug, I draw blood Whip that ass, leave ya face down in the mud Militant, bitch I might be But that's a risk you take when you fuck with me Headlocked, yo I dirt ya like a nacho Shit you go, bigger than G.I.Joe You ain't know? I thought you knew This time you can have it, it's for you IT'S YEARN! X 3 [Verse 3] Come on, come on Well come away sucker fake MCs in the place There's only one Mystikal so make no mistake Comin straight in your face, sucker MCs I hate Rhymes bite you in your ass like a rattlesnake Bout your screamin no way Bitch you won't escape I'm like a boa 'strictor I kill, I suffocate Hittin harder than Hitler, no slidin, no livin, no jivin Got more niggas runnin and hiding than Batman and Robin Takin out adversaries with rhymes I wrote The sucker (?) I'm the antidote I the conductor of shive rhymes (...?....) Stretch like elastic, pure fantastic Lift off and burnin MCs like amino acid Nigga please don't try to battle, it's suicide Those who have time watch me I do survive This is only a suggestion, so ask no questions Try and digest my rhymes bitch you get indigestion Wrote this as a lesson so you will know Comin hard muthafuckas this physical Be pussy bitches in my fans I brought a dime and Understand I'm comin strong nigga harder than He-Man With these hands, nigga laying face down on the curb IT'S YEARN! [Verse 4] Some murderer got the nerve to talk about me Bitch I never heard of ya That's a shame, you got the blame cause you're blind You know my name, the M to the Y, S-T-I, the K-A-L Rebel, ya smell, ya fell, ya tell, ya sell, hotter than hell Soft as hell, I might as well SPELL! I'm a big marine, M-I-K-E, you figure weaker then me I speak uniquely, how in the fuck do you plan to beat me Ruler of hip hop, left ya shell shocked Scare the fuck out ya like Alfred Hitchcock Don't wanna be bothered (..?..) I'm a rough motherfucker from the 12th ward Never left nothin undone, breakin jaws for fun Cocky as Paul Bunyan, have ya cryin like onion Flyin low, a soldier born, ya chicken's choked Explosive, bitch I'm the one that wrote this I scream like rebel with the sword and snake Your boss come to battle, it's not your week I reverse my verse, I love to curse You won't be the first muthafucker in the back of a hearse Stomp, pop, clap, havin the last laugh Then, I step back and grin at your dumb ass Watch me burn, can't miss my turn Like, do you want it?  IT'S YEARN! X 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Snoop Doggy Dogg, Master P Album: Unpredictable Song: Gangstas (Intro [Snoop]) No Limit. Soldiers. (Ughhhhhhhh!) DPGC. Gangstas. (Ha, ha!) Look here, you got three crazy muthafuckas  in the same place at the same time. (Yeah, Master P.) You know this shit gon be off the hook. (It's gon be the wildest shit you ever heard.) For my bitches down south. Southern hospitality.  (Representin, ya heard me!) [Snoop] From the cold, hard streets of the LBC To a duet with Mystikal and Master P Real G's ship keys and shoot dice on their knees And put pistols to the mouths, of their enemies Old country ass nigga with a gold in the front Be the same muthafucka that get your bitch ass stomped Underestimatin hatin got you knocked out cold Tryin to play my boy over, you was with your hoe Them South niggas bangin off the shit that we write Punk niggas get killed, straight on sight No Limit ain't no gimmick It's tragic you know, so don't be meddlin with my boy and my hoe Lay low, hit the floor, I'm back Yo P, take me to the streets, that's where my heart is at You make em say Ughhhhhhh! I make em say beeyatch Together we can flip the script and get grip You got the crack, I got the bud sack Mystikal, smack, you got the strap Deep in that gangsta shit on a night like that You blast me, I blast you back, beeyatch! Chorus: X 2 We bout to jump off with some gangsta shit Gangsta shit! We bout to hop off with some gangsta shit Gangsta shit! Know what, we're bout to jump off with some gangsta shit Gangsta shit! [Mystikal] Got this fuckin party poppin You cappin and army braggin Gon keep smugglin in this game shit "Niggas ain't rappin" what you say about gangsta rappin You get killed forever, my nigga, every day Where you get fucked up nigga, is where you lay Time again I tried to tell you, but you ain't wanna heard what I say Damn leather dog bombin Done made a mistake We made (something is faded in the background) sound so good Keep that gangsta shit banging up and down your hood Cause only real gangstas get down and to the bottom Where y'all going, that much, we'll see right through ya I'll out hustle ya, can't put up a fight cause I out muscle ya My really don't give a fuck attitude got ya feelin uncomfortable I got that there, nigga you ain't saying shit I'm colder than a brand new pair of Stan Smiths Fresher than a whole box of green Altimos But I got to blow your head off and put bullet holes in your Girbauds Chorus [Master P] B-O-U-T we bout it Real gangstas live muthafuckin rowdy And where you from is how you come Where you be or you're at Fool, watch your back for these gangstas in that black from Long Beach to New Orleans, from every nigga in the hood to the penitentiary Tryin to, survive on these streets Slangin dope cause the kids gotta eat Put it in a car or a plane, Grey Hound or a train Sixty five when it came, eighty nine when it lay I'm in love with miss mo mo, candy painted four Twenty skirt with convertible, fuckin polo Bring the stylins of your talk I mean real gangstas don't talk Free your mind and refugee Alive and turn your cheeks like Pras be Chorus till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Unpredictable Song: Shine Typed by: Alittleloco@aol.com Michelle Elizabeth Tyler (4X) There we go right there, ok were on the air Let's go We grew up with showbusiness on our mind In hope to make a big name Thats why me and my sister was a stiff competition Show off when company came Nothing but little, cause I was too shy Stupid in front of the rest of the family SHAKE THAT ASS! Although my sister was the one with the beautiful voice I still had to go last Everybody wait, now I'm a cut the fools The nigga laughing, acting goofy I either came in the room when everybody go bye And do the Michael Jackson and just act stupid But lately, me and my people ain't been havin' to many family groupin's Or maybe, it just some times heard a sweet melody of my baby who be You was there through the struggle As y'all come and try to reach the big picture I'm tellin' ya It hurt when you plan to do something with somebody you love When it's time to do it, they can't be with you I'm feelin' guilty to take it there, but better since you been gone Well no matter Must we fix up the furniture ain't the same when you ain't home baby I'm 'a miss you forever, forget you never But you gonna see the world through my eyes And live what I never saw So if you can see me way from Heaven, over the cloud You could be proud of your little brother, so look down and smile hook Shine my lady, I miss you baby For your my baby, my love is crazy Your my sister, I'll always miss you No one can get ya', cause God is with ya' Shine my lady, I miss you baby For your my baby, my love is crazy There's no other, it's from your brother Your son and mother, cause we all love ya' All the sad songs in the world Probably couldn't express how much I miss my baby I just thank God that I had a big sister The 29 beautiful years that he gave her Even the days when I misbehaved And I knew she was gonna get that belt to pop me I could see the aggrivation in your face My momma said that they had to watch me "Michelle, if you go somewhere, take Michael with you" Know what that meant All up and down the house trying to find how your time gonna be spent Cause I was too hard-headed Everywhere you said "Don't go", thats where I went Always flipping, jumping around like a jackass,  somewhere climbing a fence Bring me my Rocking Robin, my double dutch bust She had some song to sang for us, we had some name brands to discuss Plus, I want to tell her I was sorry for leaving the toilet seat up And not cleaning out the tub, and leaving peanut butter and jelly And drinking out the Kool-Aid jar I pissed you off, burned you up When you told me "Cut that music down", I turned it up Bickering conflict cause y'all doubt how we showed out love You was my flesh and blood, we was brother and sister And it meant so much Now I'm doing it, you supposed to be here We supposed to be righting songs together I'm telling ya', that girl tore talent shows up But owned Tina Marie records What you left us with, never be in vain You gonna be shining, and they gonna know your name Too many damn things left unexplained But since you was an angel down here,  then an angel there you shall remain And thats always until my time, you're my strength, you're my life Shine hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Round Out Tha Tank Typed by: Tophat99@aol.com, eljonesjr@yahoo.com Me that's who Me me that's who Me me that's who I'm the round out the tank I'm the round out the tank I'm the round out the tank I'm the loud blacca blacca, wacca wacca coming from behind cha Me that's who (Chorus X 2) I'm the "weee" before the "boom" I'm the fire in the hole coming from the tube I'm the claymore mine sittin in the dirt I'm the prone unsupported I'm "doom doom doom" three round burst sleepin bag in the freezin weather I'm the fragmentation vest for shrapnel and flyin metal I'm the auto on the fire selector I'm the thousand shells bouncin off the brass deflector squeeze the trigger center mass when it's time to take aim I'm the "waahhhaa" fool when they ricochet down range creeping, heat seekin and keepin my target I'm the biological threat you don't wanna go to war wit listen here I make you fuckin bleed where you live at I'm almost there one click away from yo' bivouac Flash bang, highly illuminated This is operation fuck over my destination (Chorus X 2) Ha, I'm all you rank and ribbons strips and brass and decorations I'm that fucking hole in the earth after detonation C 130 airborne soldier coming from the sky Recognize ground troopers rolling just like hemmit tires I think in aromas so save ya breath if I don't get cha with the rifle I'm a catch cha with my bayonette I roll with M1's, tanks and howtzers I'm a 45 day 45 night field problem I'm yo' smart book in the live exercise begins and when it get dark I'm noiise and light discipline twelve bravo run you out the foxhole make it to the bunker it ain't no survival I'm that war vet that's combat ready whether arctic or jungle or the middle of the desert they try to make it when they know they can't how the fuck yo gon run from the round out the tank The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Guillotine Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: There He Go Typed by: CTP0803@aol.com Whatcha gone do, Whatcha gone do nigga huh? There He Go, There He Go, There He Go  (GET THAT MOTHER FUCKER) 7X's (Mystikal) If you gone be down be down stay down  get the fuck from round me.  Nigga let me know if you got some type of fuckin' problem we can solve it, wash it up and dissolve it Up the pistol lay it down on the carpet.  I aint come here for no fuckery don't fuck with me Niggaz sly be ducking like PAC cause I'm a hoodlum like Skull Duggery You cant get enough of me Don't worry bout the pain bitch cause you gone die sudden They be playin TAPS for yo ass at reveille You aint gone need no "do not disturb" cause you gone sleep heavenly. I'm reminess bout my baby, then I wipe my tear.  Plottin revenge on one of these bitch ass nigga out chea. I done lost it; I done surpassed mad I can't keep still cause my nerves are bad. I punch the brick wall with my balled up fist I know I can't rest till I CATCH THAT BITCH!!! There He Go, There He Go, There He Go (GET THAT MOTHER FUCKER) 8x's (Mystikal) There He Go, There He Go Wit his ol' lady  deck out hands down back turned like its all gravy. Why nigga now BYE BYE nigga took a long  but i got that nigga fine. And yall gon have to forgive me.  This Nigga here can cancel New Years  cause he aint even much gone live to see Christmas. Wrong! Wrong!! Nigga get yah issue. I was beatin up his kidney with this motherfuckin 50. A job well done make dick get hard. I bagged that bitch with the pistol then I walked the fuck off. Huh. What goes around comes around my nigga. So why I'm still here I'mma hold down my nigga. This for the Gangstas and Killas, Drug Dealers and Wig Splitters. This for my niggas Locked down and all the niggas that feel us. This for the Projects and Ghettos with the scatter sight.  And every street nigga thats duckin' them flash lights. There He Go, There He Go, There He Go  (GET THAT MOTHER FUCKER) 8x's (Guilotine)	 Hum yah ahh this Guilotine bitch. Father Foolishness I'm still here what about yo self? You still runnin' nigga. Cause we lookin for yah. Bitch you must believe that a nigga lookin' for yah. So keep Runnin, cause we still comin' as long as you runnin' We gone make money so fuck everything you stand for nigga. Father foolishness. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Keep it Hype Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Testin testin testin You can hear me, what what what? MIC, check one, check, check check You can hear me? YO! I'm loud enough? Yo! Mic mic, micraphone, check, check Yo, can you hear me? Yo! Chorus: repeat 2X (w/ variations throughout) YIKES!!! You know what I like? (What?) I keep it hype, the words that I write (Oh) I rock the whole crowd, I don't need a mic (Huh?) I say my rhyme LOUD, with all of my might Verse One: People say that nigga CRAZY, I'm throwin off I raise my voice up then, GO OFF!! The king of different, titan of screamin chantin louder than a hundred people clappin (GO) keep them fuckin speakers crackin Rockin it, about to ROLL The sticker on the tag can't make it ragged Vocals that'll blow horns til your ass in traction Disgusting like that valve on your bike with the basket BLING BLING comin through, not excuse me I'm the nigga that's makin this loud ass music Chorus Verse Two: The doctor slapped my ass, so I've been hollerin since an infant Gotta make sure they hear me cause I wants my attention! Disturb the class, so I stayed in detention Couldn't whisper when I was talkin so they sent me to the office The principal say, "Young man what seem to be the problem?" Said, "I try to be quiet but I just can't seem to lower the volume" "Hmm, what's your name?" -- "Michael Tyler" "Perhaps you'd be interested in joining our school choir?" Said, "Nah that's for funny boys" "Either that or a suspension," while you roll, HERE I COME BOY I wanna holla, but I gotta try: *clears throat* DOE RAY MI FAH SOH! Ahh no! That ain't gonna cut it, that ain't gonna get it Then the teacher said, "Maybe you can try something ath-letic" But I'm too clumsy so I went to the band But I made more noise honkin than I did when I was playin! YIKES!!! That ain't workin so I'm leavin The very next day I was in ROTC Had no problems soundin off like I had a pair, THREE FOUR But I just ain't like them tight ass green pants that I had to wear All this ? made me tired, on top of that one of my teachers wanna see my ass outside I went downstairs to the yard When I got there I seen my teacher with about eight fine broads I said, "You lookin for me? I'm the one who be talkin loud" She said, "Damn, nigga we need you on our cheerleadin squad" HELL NO, never ever Trevor Either that or a report card filled with the F letter GO, TEAM, FIGHT, WIN Nah this shit ain't cool, FUCK THESE TEACHERS AND THIS SCHOOL Got a loud mouth but I don't know what to use it for 'til they told me that they was gon' put me in the TALENT SHOW Chorus * lots of repetitions of YIKES!!! Y-Y-Y-YIKES!!! * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous  Song: That's the Nigga (a.k.a. That's the Rapper) Typed by: TRUSouldia@yahoo.com Microphone check (what), check one Microphone check (what), check two Microphone check (what), check three Microphone check (huh), check four What chall niggas wanna do, how yall wanna do it? Huh, check one Kick this shit raw Ghetto fabulous (5X) That's the rapper (8X) Turn your hands towards your ass and say bye bye From the southside, southside, puff, ya ya ya Nothin but the fiya ya Eardrums snatchin champion cheap rhyme busters till the day I die I say I lie Bitch I'll be fuckin on your grave singin ay la ba I throw em off, I'm two scoops for coo coo I swoosh through your froot loops, poo poo in your fubu Yall niggas remember what happened to that mosquito Tweeter tweeter MC, the sweeter I be ja meaner Stop your water turn off your gas cut off your lights Move you out, cut your grass, watch your kids, fuck your wife Like a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich I'm good Mm hmm, like syrup on the biscut and orange juice ??? Come and take me by the hand and walk ya I'm the thief in the night that slide your droors off ya Watch where ya steppin I'm a verbal weapon Bring more pain then when John Wayne came on old westerns What is the actual fuckin meaning I come in this bitch, without leavin this bitch that think we leaning It's been like that since way back I used to rock eight tracks before I rocked eight decks Concepts goin stay fat, concerts goin stay packed Ownership's goin stay black, nigga this is payback I scrape ya somethin crawlin to establishment Now I'm country club livin from the scribble scrabblin my talent Proper proper droppin somethin decent Yall niggas is as fucked up as Santa Clause for easter I'm a keep comin as long as KLC keep drummin And the only way to stop me is call the people for me Fuck them people, I'll fuck over you if I have to That's the nigga, that's that bastard That's the rapper (15X) Ghetto fabulous  That's the nigga (8X) Who that say they can't sale boy? They the third ward huh, the 12th ward for all y'all My dogs, my boys and my hogs Gutiers on these boys and get down and go off All sides get high when they ride to my words They mine and they high when I'm live in concert Stop what your thinking This ain't no showoff of my business I don't need nine or ten pack of rappers with me I'm independent, make frontin, stuntin suckers lose thier stomach They lose their clout, their cool And after I come in the cut they lose thier woman Hello ghetto fabulous and big mansions And fine fabrics Like a man much money comes automatic You don't wanna battle with a hardcore rhyme fanatic Full speed ahead vocabulary acrobatic That's him, that's that rapper That's the man, that's the rapper That's ghetto fabulous That's the rapper (5X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Ghetto Fabulous Typed by: dogbyt18@epix.net [Mystikal] Since I'm so fucking bad give me mine get yours ooooh... [Verse 1] I woke up this morning  rocked up humping on the matress hard like I was fuckin I realized I was dreaming then I got up I hit the Vick's inhaler 'cuz my nose was stuffed up from the bed to the floor to the bathroom to the sink from the mirror to the toilet took a piss then shook the shank oops, dont look know I think I sprinkled when I tinkled so, I dip in the sides there be a sweeter by the seater cocoa powder, bubble-bath, and rubbing alcohol for 5 fuckin cent that you could buy at the mall I'm a long distance super-power, pussy-magnet I was born in the ghetto, made by the ghetto so fabulous! [Charlie Wilson] ghetto fabulous - living like this I'm so happy, yeah! 'cuz I'm ghetto fabulous (repeat) [Snoop Dogg] (enters over repeat, speaking) Yeah I feel what you're saying, Dog but, uhh, you could let these fools know how hard it is when a nigga ghetto fabulous, know what I'm saying? let's kick that shit! [Mystikal] [Verse 2] it's like a big rush with no time niggas be like "whyyyyy" kids be like "let me get your autograph" bitches be like "ahhhh!" ever since I said "here I go" braids or not y'all they know me wherever I go I'm real private the windows tinted, doors locked the damn crowd you make a scene "ain't you Mystikal?" "no, I'm not." lie to a diehard fan with a straight face and let the hour long picture signing session take place sign, hey, baby, how you doing?  what's your name?  stay real, stay sweet stay sexy, stay the same and never forget I'm never going to change I'm loving what I'm doing  and you can put that on your game I got my piece of pie and my piece of mind fool, I'm a piece of coal  don't call me, people, let me shine I know you see me on t.v. with Snoop, Fiend, Mia, C, Silkk, Serv, and Petey nigga we frontin' these street-ies but livin' like this ain't easy it's fabulous! I'm so fucking bad [Verse 3] see, that's a cutie with her big booty and her big body her and her big fine potnahs take their ??? and take their vitamins be ordering drinks all down at the bar we don't got to buy  just work that halter top and work them tight bell bottoms ohhh, you acting funny and trying to holler she project Tyra Banks the neighborhood super-model she shaped like a coke bottle hair whipping smelling good finger nails and her toes polished she did it how she lived 'cuz she got to have it first got them fucking kids by the baby's daddy her ass ain't never what she should have been go ahead on and act bad, I'll see ya when I get a hit see, she was so fucking bad [Chorus] (repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Master P, Silkk the Shocker Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Life Ain't Cool Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Master P] Woman like my momma Ain't no woman like my momma (11X) Sharin liquor with the homies, reminiscin bout the old days Cookin dinner in your kitchen listenin to the Bar-Kays When I was sick, you came got me from school When I got suspended momma, you taught me the rules And even though, I never had a daddy Momma took me where I need to go in a old school caddy A single parent on welfare And even though times were hard momma made sure the rent was there And we couldn't fold name brands but momma kept her kids neat, that's why we understand And momma even rode the Greyhound to see her little man, when he was locked down And even though I life the STREET LIFE Momma prayin for her baby, hope he get his mind right It feel good to see momma on top I told you if I make it momma you won't be forgot Chorus: repeat 2X [singers] Momma life ain't cool [Master P] Ain't no woman like my momma [singers] Tell me what would I do without you [Master P] Ain't no woman like my momma [Mystikal] I thank God, for keeping you strong, but you keep me strong Things'd be different if, momma wasn't home Who gon' fix the grits and eggs and smoked sausage Teach me and love me and raise me and watch me Who gon' lift my spirits when I get sad? Discipline me when I need a stain whip on my ass I was seven years old when I lost dad Trying to accept the fact but I was too young to understand Who gon' take the slack and carry the load? Make ends meet while in the grocery stores? Who's the single parent to me and my big sister that had me happy on my birthday and merry at Christmas? Who took care of us, did everything for us? Stood by and didn't leave, just because we was yours, she was ours Who was still sweet when everything went sour? You mom! Chorus [Silkk the Shocker] I couldn't imagine gettin this far, without you Even when the bills was due, you found a way to come through Even though we didn't have money, we seemed rich We had each other me and my sisters and brothers, forget the other shit You was side by side when I was sick Early in the morning, cooking eggs and grits You was the first one up, but you was the last one sleepin Made sure we had somethin to eat, last one to eatin Couldn't live our life for us so, let us know Wanted to tell us, but you had to just, let us grow Gettin older now, soon have to, let us go We was goin through some things momma but you never, let it show And I only get one of you so I, cherish the times Didn't know how to tell you how much you meant to me So I wrote that line So wherever you at, I hope you doin fine You did so much for me then, I'll do the same for you in time Chorus Chorus w/o Master P The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: I'm On Fire Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash What the fuck? Shit.. It's.. HOT! I'm steamy, sweatin, tossin and turnin The whole house on fire, and I can't stop it from burnin The curtains and the walls all indulged in flames I yell, "Somebody help me!" But ain't nobody pay em I try my best to put it out then I said, "Fukkit!" Break, full speed to the back door, one room away But the faster and harder I ran it seemed like the longer I took Prayin, "Please God spare me; I don't wanna cook!" Knew I that I did done some things that I shouldn't of I knew I didn't come into Sunday service like I could have But have mercy for your child, forgive me for my sins I'm too young to die Lord, get me through this I gotta get to the back do', gotta get to the kitchen But they got thick black smoke comin from the kitchen Shit, all other exits are tossed, what I'ma do? Stay my ass here and burn or -- RUN THE FUCK THROUGH? Already havin trouble breathin when I started to cough But no more time to waste, I cover my face and took off! Dis-en-dehydrate, I'm gettin tireder I gotta, keep movin, cause it's gettin HOTTER and HOTTER, WHOO.. WHOAH, shit! I'm on fire! C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire! (6X) Oh shit! Ain't none of y'all motherfuckers help me out dere? HELP!!! Motherfuckers it's me! HELP!!! I gotta get out of here! I've been trapped for over 55 minutes Looks like I'm finished, this could be a fucked up ending I done been in some fucked up shit but this the worst I ever been in "Call them people to me" -- tell them send the fire engine I hope this ain't my calling y'all cause I ain't ready I'ma need some alerted emergency units to stand by, paramedics Runnin through the fire, and I can't turn back Somethin went {WHOOSH} and everything went black I can't see, I can't see, I'm BLIND!! Oh fuck I'm alright I just had my eyes closed the whole time Oops, shit damn! But that ain't my stop my shoes from movin cause outside, here I am! I smashed through the back door like a ram I made it! I'm still alive! I'm still the man! Out the house but still I got fire on my clothes So I stopped, dropped, and rolled dick rolled Started goin wild on the ground tryin to get the flames out my shirt Windmillin in the dirt, but nuttin didn't work! I heard a {HORN SOUNDS} but that was just a barge See I live right by the river -- THAT'S IT, WATER!!! Every step I took made hot footprints in the tar Runnin over cars to the 12th Ward wall Get out the way cause everything I touch turn crispy I'ma be at the riverfront, tell them people come get me!! C-c-call them people to me, I-I-I'm on fire! (4X) Hello? Somebody get the fuckin fire off me! HELP! Sparks like aluminum foil, in the microwave oven Where them fuckin people? SOMEBODY DO SOMETHIN! Can't you see what's hap-pe-nin? Don't you see the smoke? Can't you hear the cracklin? Nobody wanna listen, everybody was scatterin I grab a nigga he screamed so loud that shit was eardrum shatterin! I said, "Don't scream Dawg, I need your help, I'm the one on fire!" He said, "Nigga you 'sposed to be dead, how you still alive?" He was right -- by now they should be embalming me But the shit don't seem to be harming me Damn this must have been a bad dream the whole ? I heard them motherfuckin sirens, hollerin I guess they finally got the people to me, they must have saw me Huh, cause they was headed right for me A fireman walked up, and handed me a tape And said, "You just been put out, the fire went away!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Whacha Want, Whacha Need Typed by: HIPHOPDMX9@aol.com Mystikal: Ugh camera rolling Shouldn't a did that  Me and Busta Rhymes Busta Rhymes:Busta Rhymes and Mystikal Nigga Ha ha ha ha hahahaha Mystikal: Bitch I'm on a mission Not the one to be mixed up from this nigga and that nigga Hundred percent, full blooded natural, rap whipper Ass kicker, mad spliffer, back flipper That much colder than the last nigga Come from my pops so y'all aint fucking with me I come to get down, its time to get down  I think u chicken bust a cap I'm the one mixed with Duggery and Master P Ugh! Mystikal and Busta Rhymes Ohh shit the shocker and the guillitine Down, now put my gun on fire One eight zero zero can't nobody fly Like the cotton off your bottem then its gotta be me Late at night, lights out, you in a perminent sleep Aint many of these niggas coming harder than me  Flip Mode, No Limit, who you thought it would be? Chorus: Mystikal/Busta Rhymes(Busta Rhymes mimics Mystikal) Wacha want nigga? Wacha need nigga? We gonna give it to ya Untill u bleed nigga Now where my live niggas? Where my live bitches? This for my live niggas This for my live bitches Now wacha want nigga? Wacha need nigga? We gonna give it to you Untill u bleed nigga Now where my live niggas? Where my live bitches? This for my live niggas This for my live bitches Busta Rhymes: Contact we will bomb that All I know is they will make a nigga  We will omb back when we contact For better or worse Make a niggas heart sweell up and burst You know one of my niggas busting shots first Bust another shot off into the earth Leave a nigga stressed  Feeling the pain of a women giving child birth See now a days everywhere we go we'll carry ya Even when we swinging with bitches down at the Mariot Chickens that will bust back on you and the ferries that Waiting for me to marry ya Ride up in my chariot Sorry but I aint having it Thinking u can roll cause you wearing a little glamour and acting all irogant  Bitch Nigga Beet it like Micheal and fuck up you cycle Blast you with my grandfather's rifle  I'm great to stifle Bitch  Create a crises your paying the prises With the devil you was never richeous  I think i might just, hit you now? You know u can fold here, niggas know it aint all there Prepare for warfare, niggas is everywhere Fuck with my niggas we are double there Flip Mode nigga you'll find trouble here Tipsy and turning, crispy and burning Hoping and learning  You yerning to take hold of a niggas burning Reps for every grain of salt from every street corner The ones you wanted from Brooklyn to the south of the border No Limit and Flip Mode in this bitch While Mystikal and Busta Rhymes be straight busting your shit Chorus 2 Mystikal: I want another side of fries with my poppa's chicken and bisquit Take the wall out, fall out I'm not playing with these dumb bitches What you doing if your riches don't fit ya? Ball playing and swinging on a track We some big old niggas Not some dead old niggas Bitch you trying to do something  I'm gonna get on with ya I'm scratchy! You can't match I'm known for getting nasty  With my ciggerette ass Once I get this fucker started you can't stop Oww you done fucked up now Mystikal and Busta Rhymes like Dolomite and Red Fox They frightened of the braids, running from the dread lox Chorus 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Fiend, Mia X Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: The Stick Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mia X] (Mystikal) MC.. (Whoa) This is your motherfuckin time nigga, you ready? (Huh bro?) You sho' you ready? (Fuckin right.. nigga what?!) Fuck that mask we don't need no mask they know who we is anyway! What we gon' do, is go in here, handle our business Take everything and break out You feelin me? (*gun cocks*) Well let's let them niggaz have it [Mia X] This is a stick, up, MC's lay it down We got the clout in this bitch so don't be fuckin around Got the rap game locked, spittin what they feelin Makin all the money, got em say we rackateering Y'all fearing No Limit, black owned and operated Uncle Tom's and Lil' Sambo's get annihilated Y'all ain't tolerated, cause only soldiers ride with T-R-U On the Tank full of lyricists, hustlers, and gorillas Killers, and we do what we gotta do to make it happen All action, all cappin, fuck yappin Mappin, out the industry, gon' blow this joint and take the royalties, the publishin and all the points right with us It's the Black Prince and the Biggest Mama Shootin sparks from the top of the Billboard charts Watch out now, don't nobody move, cause you gon' lose Then we takin everything, cause we brought the right tools * Chorus: Fiend (repeat 2X) * Give it up, give it up, or get fucked up It's gon' happen point blank range, so don't even duck We lust to bust, turnin bitches to dust Always your ass if you don't give it up [Mystikal] Black Prince in this bitch with the Biggest Mom of em all Out of sight, when we unite, like killers and George Slowly, unlock the safe on the wall Stop disrespectin the pistol I'm pointin at y'all Buck buck! Get down, get on your face or get handled Bitch keep still 'fore I make an example Cut up that fuckin remake, and give me that sample Give me the fuckin recoup, you 'sposed to be payin me! Bag the loot then, cover the camera Snatch a fuckin hostage then run out with the manager Fuck it, gotta have my paper, fortune and fame Lay it down so the bitches won't forget my name! 	{*GUN FIRES*} Listen close motherfucker If you don't meet my demands, this nigga gon' suffer This ain't no fucking game, and ain't none of this funny If you want this nigga to live, then gimme your company! * Chorus * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: I Smell Smoke Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  I'm in the land.. L.A. -- land of the sticky Sup? What ch'all niggaz know bout that purple weed nigga? Show y'all niggaz some shit It's that sticky, that bud Indo, hydro Open up the window, I'm bout to blow! That fire shit Nigga what ch'all, what ch'all got what ch'all got to roll 'em up? Packwoods? Garcia Vegas? Straight chocolate Phillies? Nigga straight, ?, nigga I'll twist it in the Black n Milds? Y'all niggaz don't know nuttin about them Coronas Cognac!! J.O.B., one point five [Mystikal] Break it up, chop it up, cut it up, tuck the end Take the Phillie out and roll it up! Light it, hit it, hold it, pass Puff puff blow it up! See some of y'all niggaz be talkin about blowin but can't handle the doja Gettin sleepy n shit, quittin all early Bitch you ain't no smoker! Y'all must think used to hittin that dirt the sticks with the brown buds Me, I ain't got shit else to do Nigga I'm bout to get FUCKED UP! Two cases of green OPTIMOS burned away A.M. done turned to P.M. and nighttime done turned back to day I'm, still smo-kin Feelin sporty in my hotel - spent the whole day gettin LOA-DED! It's nothin but smoke til there's nothin to smoke It's nothin but sticky and nothin but doja Disconnect the smoke detector and put a wet towel up under the door! Nobody around me mo' dope for me, I got the whole tree Leftovers for me, whoo this bitch off the HEE! Button up cause suck 'em up is a pet peeve First don't put my lighter in your pocket Second don't wet my god damn WEED!! That's just two, before I could get to three and fo' five and six, I heard a DUM DUM DUM DUM at the do' Evidence all over, I've been doin somethin serious Gotta hide this shit, cause I know that's hotel security I played it off, I said, "Come back later I ain't got on no clothes" He said, "Sorry sir, I don't mean to disturb ya, but I SMELL SMOKE!" Fuck it just went to jail for that shit; I ain't goin back I done ate an ounce and I'ma flush the rest Cause I ain't goin out like that! Sprayin cologne and cuttin on the shower; tryin to clear it up Workin like a dog but I gotta open the do' - fukkit here go nuthin! The do' swung open and some young nigga talkin bout, "What's happenin?" He said, "I know you got that fire, sell your boy a sack!" Ain't that a bitch! Boy you betta get your bitch ass up outta here Nigga I'd think you the motherfuckin police I done threw all my motherfuckin weed away fuckin with you old bitch ass nigga Nigga, get your motherfuckin hoe ass up outta here Bitch before I stomp your bitch ass The fuck! Boy this nigga done blew my motherfuckin high The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Guillotine Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Respect My Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Fuckin right I'm hip-hop I hoe hop, I'm funky as a pair of Reeboks with no socks I'm hot like a nigga watchin a big titty bitch with no bra I'm tight like them twistin up under the 6 with no top I've been up all night Writing like a motherfucker cluck with no clock Been platinum and I'm still stompin Rock jam-packed concerts and bitch filled parties Done had them standin more than a hot comb when I perform Gotta em feelin like they in Saigon when they hear what I got I got funk No Limit legitimate respect the man of power I turn your motherfuckin thunderstorm into scattered showers Yo Bam, bitches can't get down like me and the Pound can, we ain't gotta bring up SoundScan I come into focus when they all starin I turn your fuckin head and, spin your fuckin ball bearings Hit the antenna so they all scatterin Believe that cause I'm tellin you they don't challenge what they can't handle M-Y-S-T-I Smoke spinach, eat chicken, shit bullets, SPIT FIRE I'm above you like the sky Like the clouds like the Gods like the birds and the pilots You know why I'm here, come to say it loud For the one-thousand nine-hundred and nine nine to infinity and BEYOND Now.. now.. now.. now.. bitch Respect my motherfucking mind Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you think Bitch I kill you Respect my fucking mind Fuck what you think, fuck what you feelin Bitch I kill you Respect my mind Fuck what you think, fuck what you feelin Bitch I kill you Respect my fucking mind Bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you I said BITCH I KILL YOU Back-bending, That's That Nigga spinning Y'all done feeling my line before I finish my SENTENCE This microphone's for holdin I don't give a fuck, as quick as you bring them niggaz then that's how fast them niggaz get FUCKED OVER No prisoners at no time I'm so advanced I put your ass in the blender with my OWN rhyme, bitch say, "Damn that nigga tight! I heard what he did to that other rapper that other night and Dawg that shit wasn't right!" I'm nothin nice in the shinin lights No band, no choir, just me and my fucking Nike's But am I missing something? FUCK NO I got the whole crowd bucked up, "UH OHHH!" I smash a rapper into smithereens Make him spill his beans Then I'm running with the guillotine Diss on my rhymes bitch and diss on my records Diss on my moms bitch you gon' respect it! Respect my fucking mind Fuck what you thinkin, fuck what you feelin Bitch I kill you Respect my mind Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you thinkin Bitch I kill you Respect my mind Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you thinkin Bitch I kill you Respect my fucking mind Fuck what you feelin, fuck what you thinkin Bitch I kill you Respect my mind Bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you Respect my fucking mind Bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you, bitch I kill you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ C-Murder, Master P Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Stack Yo Chips Typed by: TrickDeez0@aol.com (Ughhhhhh)  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  (Mystikal)  I'm movin too fast, doing to much for these niggas  Hum bro  I get paid to leave the house sideways  Bitch stickn out, what  I can take it without quessn'  You the mutha fuckin coward  And I'm the big bad wolf nigga And I'm coming to devoiour  Aint nuthin better than money Sex and the power  Oh how I love to be on top of the power Fuck  I got it to go wit it, clownish  out dat back cuttin up telly to telly bouncn'  I got 5 women, 4 cars 3 homes and 2 apartments A rolex, 10 leather jackets,  And 20 pair of Michael Jordans  All in it, front and back wheels spinnin  I might not bid to you  But I'm the shit in the city  Street things, represent the real no lim  Razor sharp rhymes penatrating you skin  The way I drop  Bitch gotta feel them  I'm that close  Try to stop me from gettn' it  (Ughhhhhh)  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  (C-Murder)  I make a million dollar dream become reallity without a doubt  I get paid for every rhyme coming out my mouth  And gangsta rap pays the bills so I represent it  And who we be,  Some soldiers down that no limit  My young thugs love to get high off of my lyrics  I have em' tweakn'  Possessed like an evil spirit  We on the rise,  But labeled as them bad guys  We're family tied,  And run like the enterprize  Fool is you legal,  But bugs is segal  This aint no sequil,  You damn sure not my equal  And playa haters don't last too long  a million muthafuckas with my disc  Sittin at they home  My edvasaries is slowly being put to death  I catch em gaspin  And trying to breathe  They last breath  I mean you reaching for the stars  But you cant grip  I told ya, get yo paper nigga  Stack yo chips.  (Ughhhhhh)  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters  Stack yo Chips, get yo paper  Ball til you fall, young nigga fuck the haters The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Naughty By Nature Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Dirty South, Dirty Jerz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Treach] No Limit [Myst.] Naughty! [Treach] Da bomb Ill [Myst.] Mystikal! [Treach] IllTown [Myst.] Da Big Eazy.. (oh shit) HAH! Chorus: Treach (2X) Dirty South, Dirty Jerz, nigga fuck what ya heard Your talk words don't serve while we slang on the curb We take it from a fuckin fight to a stage and a mic If I don't take the limo bitch I'm pushin a bike 	* 2X - last line replaced with YEAYY-YAY! * Verse One: Mystikal Us big niggaz get pussy while songs get cooked Fuck rough rhymes get hooked and young minds get shook Duck, don't rock, don't break, don't bend, don't fall Not gon' play, don't fake, don't stop to rest don't pause none Top dough top pro on bitches Chop funk, not gon' bitch ass niggaz I wring they neck and slap they fuckin mouth I run laps around the Superdome Breast stroke the whole Mississippi to represent THE FUCKIN SOUTH That's right, I said it! I'm the fuckin boxer in your face is where I'm headed Blaow, you gotta whole lot of nerve dissin the.. South We ridin all the way to Jersey We gon' keep up, but you keep on, keepin on Y'all gon', keep on, gettin the fuck on, bitch get gone! Y'all heard me? Mystikal and Naughty New Orleans and Jersey! Chorus Verse Two: Vinnie Yo, yo, yo I heard somebody wantin Naughty to get raw, ha I dismantle your fuckin crew just like Apartheid, nigga ya heard? There's No Limit no gimmicks, to the shit I spit Ain't no magazine you know could count these mics I rip Comin straight from Jersey, motherfuck all those who curse me I'm, running through you niggaz like Jackie Joyner Kersee Now, how many niggaz comin better than this? Naughty By Nature puts it down on some veteran shit And chins I devour, while fuckin at your baby shower Spittin lyrics on you a hundred miles an hour Our Zoo got no problems gettin physical Naughty By Nature down with Mystikal, you bitches foul Chorus Verse Three: Treach You get your ass kicked when your only assets is ass bets You cry quicker than Angela Bassett, cause your cassette I'll trash it, like potatoes, beets, I'll mash it Bust dust to dust and turn ashes to ashes in masses I'm massive mashing bastards faster Question bout my pimping tell your bitch to ask it Chip-chop like all tops the store stops (it stops here) Cause I'm raws likes strawberries on shortstops (it comes now) The Beast from the East, the big future for the pharoah Diss my crew, do some spine travel on gravel Some fuhrilla shit, go and, peel your shit I want my, scrilla quick, on some gorilla shit Rhyme illest, no mimic, no quit it, gon' feel it IllTown, divine mill it, No Limit, fuck the spillage some hear my shit and go and switch they style While I get down and wild with Mystikal Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Yahh! Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net Da da da daah Da da da daah MC's! Da da da daah Da da da daah Yaah! [Chorus:] X 8 Yaah! (Say what?) [Verse 1] Break my joint, cut my tongue off if I ain't tight Put a bullet in my head take my life and let me die if I ain't fire Cut me up feed me to the roaches, let me rot if I don't rock Let me go to hell, burn, sizzle and simmer if I don't deliver Pull my hair out if I sell out Bury me on my stomach without no drawers on at all if I don't go off Or either lethal injection or straight electricity Let the garbage man pick me up and get rid of me  if I lose creativity Let me get forced into sexual activity Let me get turned out by three skank freaks if I don't bust to  the utmost of my ability Take my head if I say it and don't feel it Stop selling my record, give me the money back nigga  if I don't sell at least a million Cut my dick off if I get down and don't get off Crush my spine and cave my chest in if I come (.?.) If I ain't bad for my age and kick ass for my size Close my fuckin eyes if you can stop me from sayin or keep me from playin [Chorus] X 16 [Verse 2] Snap my pencil, dislocate my fingers and jam my thumb I ain't gon' write no more, tear my papers, strip clothes if  it don't ship gold Take my blessed, Baptist Holy Ghost Christian soul If it take less than a year of playin my records and tapes  before they can say my shit old If it don't bang, take me out the game, call me out my name Put me out my house, beat me out my change Let em read my poem and tell em to seal my doom When I'm dead read bitch ass nigga in the ground  written across my tomb Let the breeze take my leaves if my trees don't bloom Put me in the sun and cut my air supply  if I give these niggas breathin room If what I'm brewin ain't potent If what I'm doin ain't rollin Nigga, diss me, make a movie, talk about it on Oprah Erase my fuckin vocals, burn my fuckin notebooks Take my fuckin tank from me and give it back to Goldman I quit, my career's over Turn me upside down and hang me from my scrotum Da da da daah MC's! Da da da daah Da da da daah MC's! Da da da daah [Chorus] X 8 [Verse 3] Give me my post office application if I ain't hear from rap Nothin if they ass ain't shake and they hands ain't clap Take my happiness if it just so happens I ain't happenin Let something happen to me if I ain't hardcore at it maximum Flip the dial change the channel if I can't handle Forget me if I leave this bitch  before I put my fuckin Grammy on the mantle Let my next fifty concerts get cancelled If I'm scared in front the camera Then take my fuckin talent, take me from my family Sneak me, fuck over me if I don't represent Louisiana Jump my fence if I ain't the prince Bitch keep me back if I can't keep up with the presidents If I don't run circles around these other rap guys Let my momma Benz catch four flat tires [Chorus till fade] That's what the fuck I'm hearin in my head Yaah! That's what keep me going Yaah! That's what make me fuck over you Yaah! I can't stop that voice Yaah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Silkk the Shocker, Snoop Dogg Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: Let's Go Do It Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net [Silkk] (Mystikal) Man these niggas... They might have to learn the hard way. (Y'all gon' learn!) Y'all gon' learn. (Yeah y'all gon' learn!) Mystikal, Snoop nigga, Silkk the Shocker nigga (They gon' learn!) (We gon' teach em!) [Mystikal] (Silkk) Nah! Come on come on (Come on!) Come on nah, come on Come on come on (What, what) Come on (Come on) Nah! [Mystikal] I'm quick to bang bang bang, pop pop pop I'll kick in the fuckin door before I knock knock knock You gon' duck duck duck when I buck buck buck Actin bad bad bad and I'm fuckin somethin up Lay yo shit down, I'm comin to get down Count my money, 20,000 dollars times my shoe size when I get down To a big eyed, big pussied big bootied bitch I'm cute But to a motherfuckin buster I'm a sabretooth I'm comin to get you, ain't no savin you I'm five times stronger than the hate for niggas in the heart  of David Duke I take your style from ya, and your pride from ya I turn ya upside down, shake the dope out you  and take your high from ya I'll bless ya, way before the ha-choo Can't nobody fuck this bitch up like I do [Chorus:] X 6 Let's go do it! Nah! Let's go do it! Let's do it! [Snoop Dogg] I'm at my pad actin bad and my bitch got me mad But I'm gon let my khakis sag and continue to mash Blue flag around my head, gold tank on my chest Motherfuck y'all niggas talkin shit out west I'm down south hustlin, crushin, bustin on punk busters I know them niggas wanna rush us, but can't touch us When y'all see us, a hundred thousand deep, duck us I keep a can of repellent for you suckers, motherfuckers What the fuck y'all figure? Big Snoop Dogg, yeah I'm still that same old nigga Gang bangin, P don't mind, I feel ya Dogg Pound crip on mine, and I kill ya If you cross that line, it's a thin line Between the nine millimeter and that hairline Trigger, nigga, cap peelers and drug dealers Real niggas feel us, especially them bonafide cold hard killers Now I know y'all niggas don't want us to get things crackin With all that jaw jackin you bitch ass niggas keep yappin I'm slappin niggas in they face for the nine eight Let's go do this Mystikal, what the fuck we waitin for nigga? [Silkk] Get up, like a robbery, nigga fuck fuck That's real cuz after I rob a nigga, what what Y'all don't want no problems with us us Problem here, let them niggas go, followed by a buck buck So forget what you sayin nigga fuck you and fuck who you with You shoulda know motherfuckers, who you were fuckin with Silkk the Shocker motherfucker, that's my last time Made Man, motherfucker, little brother of the Last Don Niggas talkin about you got beef with this nigga All hoods talkin about you better have a meet with this nigga How could I beef with this nigga? Cuz that's that nigga, (Who?) That's that nigga (Who you talkin about?) Everybody talkin about (That's him?) That's that nigga I can sleep with my heat, I can even sleep with a freak I can do a lot of things, I just can't sleep with no beef Like you can't eat with no teeth you can't rob the police Just like you can't cook with no heat When I get to comin, ain't no comin wet When I get to bustin, fuck all y'all, ain't no comin back See you shoulda known, I wasn't scared of no nigga All Mystikal and Snoop gotta say is one thing Talk about, let's go get em [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Mac, Fiend, and Silkk the Shocker Album: Ghetto Fabulous Song: What's Your Alias? Typed by: TrickDeez0@aol.com [Fiend] A tell me what's your name? [Mystikal] MC Mystikal [Fiend] What's your alias? [Mystikal] I'm the prince of the South [Fiend] What's your thing? [Mystikal] I ain't playing with your bitch ass [Fiend] So boy what'd you say? [Mystikal] Here I go here I go [Mystikal]  Bitch I'll backslap or backstab after that kidnap a whack rap Bring it louder if you coming to rap Your arms to short your legs to small I'm the sure shot shit off of deputy dog Break it in two and TRU so do By myself I can take you and you and you and you Straight forward like Kerri Kittles  Nigga's head bob very little Gooder than a whole hand full of skittles Evil with feedback when I turn on the mic I'm the spritz that has to "Chsssss" when you open your Sprite No fight no war no brawl y'all ain't ready When they see me their eyes get big arms get sweaty [Mystikal]  Enough to go around you know exactly how it go down In house uptown big boys throw down Out of control ballers from Bagwood back to New Orleans  If it'll make ya feel good that's what you can call it [Mystikal] What's your name!? [Mac] Mac the Don, motherfucker [Mystikal] What's your alias? [Mac] Shell Shocked nigga [Mystikal] What's your thing? [Mac] Murder murder murder murder [Mystikal] Nigga what'd you say? [Mac] Wooooaaaaah [Mac] Who rocks it? I play the plug you play the socket Y'all got your pieces nicked lets cock it Now how I get your open knock and lock it Y'all niggas fail so now y'all trying to jock it My formula's trill (watch it watch it) These fake ass niggas are blocking With niggas with them ill times are rocking He lifts and cocked it Suckers are toxic I'm all about what's falling in my pocket I'll be the one they wanna share that cock with Your just that nigga that they wanna shock with You never hit it told your niggaz you did it You probably ate it Laid back and masturbated Take them fake wood strips off the side of you ride Cause real niggas keep their war on the inside that's money with pride Shell shock niggas We on the block niggas Fiend cocked in 98 We bought more figures and triggers We be murder murder too So have my money or have my shit And oh tell your little sister to stay up off my dick! [Mystikal] What's your name!? [Fiend] Capitol F-I-E-N-D [Mystikal] What's your alias? [Fiend] I'm Mr. Get it on Jones [Mystikal] What's your thing? [Fiend] I'm the one that call the Shotti [Mystikal] What'd you say? [Fiend] Whomp Whomp! Whomp whomp whomp! [Fiend] I'm the decided private miscontorting to fire on me Bringing you extra clips and jeans favorite style's sareen Mr. Get it on Jones I noticed I didn't drop the phone If it's on then it's on Mister stay loaded up the zone I stay rolling on some chrome Mr. Bad ass nigga ?????????????????? My verbal class can kill ya I'm a mad man killer Warning no hommie can turn ya to thugs and drug dealers So what the fuck up nigga Expect me to be discrete Well you bitches beneath me like athletes feet Ya have ????? can't beat a handicapped as for me I mastered the art of MC It was all before BC Wanna see me? Close your eyes and hold your breath That whore pushing that store cutting on over to quicker death Bet you niggas are set for ghettos soon to be junk Got lyrical ???? up I'm Mr. War war [Mystikal] What's your name? [Silkk] Silkk the Shocker! [Mystikal] What's your alias? [Silkk] Mister! [Mystikal] What's your thing? [Silkk] I'm a made man nigga! [Mystikal] Nigga what'd you say? [Silkk] AAAAAAHHHHHH! [Silkk] (Mister!) Mister hang with real thugs Mister's real blood Mister don't shoot blanks Mister shoot real slugs I never feel shit except from the ghetto And I don't feel love Nigga I'm out there pissed without this nook I see a club Nigga what? Mister hit your block Mister hit your spot Mister you better duck the fuck down or Mister's getting shot Come on come with me  Come and get me I'm gonna find you some hurting I drop flies that hurt the same time I hit the horn street man tries to hurt me Let me negotiate my contract on the beach he got me some ends Look turned 19 look nigga I got me a Benz You know me see that nigga gonna flock with the rocks in his hands He ain't worth a cop just to block his rocks and then ran I check my flow last year only got better So cold now if it's hot I can still rock leather Mister ain't NO L-I-M-I- to the T (That's Mac that's Fiend, Mystikal your Silkk the Shocker) Yeah that's me! [Silkk] What's your name? [Mystikal] MC Mystikal [Silkk] What's your alias? [Mystikal] I'm the prince of the South [Silkk] What's your thing? [Mystikal] I ain't playing with your bitch ass [Silkk] What'd you say? [Mystikal] The mans right here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Ready to Rumble Typed by: Taco131211@aol.com * * send corrections to this typist Let's start something dog Let's make it happen [Chorus - repeat 2X] I rock (I rock) I roll (I roll) I come to tear the world up - Let's Get Ready to Rumble!! I shut'em down shut'em down You ready for war start fightin' start fightin' I come is this cut to get paid to bust flow I come for the gumbo They know me for kickin' they ass from here to El Segundo Lets get ready to rumble!!! Spit sparks, spit flames the coldest thing up under the sun though Spending your money on them suckers your wastin you time cause I'm the one hoe! Smokin' that blunt smoke  Stay out of my front doo' Swung with the blast, I've never been matched I hop on the track like a jump rope I come with the guillotine to cut throat Holdin' it down messin ya'll up with the rest of them suckers be umcho Me? YEAH, blessed if you don't know Packin' big bone heavy struture and hung low Wreckin ball nuts it touch the flo'  If it's on yo' chest then just let me know I hope you don't think I'm runnin' I know you don't think I'm scared  You must of forgot who the hell that I am  The man with the braids - BEWARE!! That's yo' ass mister post man Sucka stompin' and swingin' with both hands!! Chorus 1.5X Watch out (OOHH) Bats and pipes - broken bottles, glass, and knives  Jump in the mix and don't handle yo' business  somebody turn out yo' lights!! You'll be gettin' yo' stupid self up  askin' the people "Which one of ya'll hit me?" I don't know the way you went down look like the ground was slippery Attack'em with sawed-offs, suckas get throwed off The party get called off, when suckas get sawed-offs I go give her my meat to meet and give it to her raw dog You, go get the (?) nasty, givin that stuff, get bought off I come with the real I be with them brothers with booted up grills  We don't do promotions and shows that stuff don't pay my bills Keep it in the ballin' ballin', promoters callin' Videos jumpin' off sucka this the real New Orleans My neck of the woods, my side of the hood my part of town Thugs, drugs, and violence - y'alls is watered down When I perform I that calm And I'm the BOOM on the record I hit the studio and show'em All right yeah you right start fightin' Get it right keep in right we be hype Knockin'em down, throwin'em away, hittin'em hard Takin'em out, bustin' they head breakin'em off Chorus {*to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Shake Ya Ass Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com Mmm! Mmm, mmm, mmm Oooh-OOOH! [Hook - repeat 2X] Shake ya ass, but watch yourself Shake ya ass, show me what you workin with [Verse 1] I came here with my dick in my hand Don't make me leave here with my foot in yo' ass; be cool And don't worry bout how I'm rippin this shit When I'm flippin what I'm kickin nigga, that's just what I do I'm effervescent and I'm off that crescent Nastier than a full grown German Shepherd; motherfucker keep steppin They don't fuck with me and they don't Y'all bitches cant catch me and you won't Pay ya fare, fix ya hair, throw that pussy Got a Prada for boonapalist, and Donna for my babooski You think I'm trickin? Bitch, I ain't trippin I'm buyin if you got nice curves for your iceberg Drinkin Henn and actin like it do somethin to me Hope this indecent proposal make you do somethin with me Fuck a dollar girl, pick up fifty And fuck that coward, girl, you need a real nigga Off top knick-a-boxers hurtin shit Bend over hoe; show me what you workin with! [Hook] Attention all y'all players and pimps Right now in the place to be (shake ya ass) I thought I told y'all niggas before Y'all niggas can't fuck with me (watch yourself) Now this ain't for no small booties  No sir cause that won't pass (show me whatcha workin with) But if you feel you got the biggest one Then momma come shake ya ass  [Hook] [Verse 2] I like my women fire like CAY-ENNE!! Chocolate and bowlegged - when I'm runnin up behind her!! Go head get ya pop-a-lock let the cock out For girl don't lie you know you wanna go back to my house "The Man Right Chea" wanna get under that dress right there You spicy cajun we gon' a good time over there You better suck the head on them there crawfish And you gotta bend all the way over to dance off this Handle yo' business but I know you do it way better, you dead wrong So if you talkin bout how niggaz make noise when you pass by  get yo' fine ass on the floor girl this yo' fuckin song! Do yo' thang dont be scared, cause you gon' get served You get mine then you gon' get yours Bout to make yo' ass love it Raise it up, show the G-string hustlin hustlin [Hook] [Verse 3] Stop yo' cryin heffer, I don't need all that  I got a job for you - the braided up pimp is back Break them handcuffs, fuck you nigga move somethin  And if they ask you what you doin say, "Ooohh nuttin!" And we been doin for the past 2 somethin And I've been beatin that pussy up now it's smooth fuckin You can betcha bottom dollar; if that pussy fire you gon' holla Michael Tyler! So don't act like you don't be backin that stuff up Girl in the club, cause that's what you got ass for Wobble wobble I'm infatuated Bitch ride a dick like she makin a baby And I see that we gon' have to go to a quiet corner for just us two an' Don't worry about who lookin, just keep on doin what you doin Cause a nigga like me gon' get to work before I know the girl Bitch whats happnin, let 'em see, show the world! [Hook] Uhh.. OOOH-WEE! Good lawd! Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Any Given Sunday soundtrack  Song: Jump Typed by: NMH738TLA@aol.com (*Mystikal's human door opening*) Poof, oh no not you, fuckin right bitch Uhh, what uhh poof, fuck, jump round jump C'mon jump, jump jump round, jump jump I ain't got no mo ass left BITCH I rapped it off You just ain't gonna have no more head after I snatch it off What in the fuck is you thinkin? You can't do shit if you stankin!!! Keep on thankin if I say it then it's done I give a fuck what you bringin Cuz my dick still gon' be swangin You here those fuckin choppers cuttin niggas, run nigga!!! Hike nigga, hut one, nigga want some?! Ain't nuttin to fuck ya up, representin where I come from Fronts and brown blunts, you oughta get down some Recognize a fuckin killa when you be around 'em Valiums and speed but we don't do weed Steroids and alcohol, still a fuckin athlete Cock strong with my jock strap on with the time clock  Bout to run the rock home Yo' ace boom coon in the hole in the clutch In the pocket on the field, without gettin touched!!!! Chorus 2x: Uh oh here I come, here I go,uh oh, jump round jump!!!      Watcha wanna do?!      Watcha gonna do?!      Let me know girl, jump, jump!!! You get tackled by the style I'm usin I got all of my adversaries cruisin for a brusin with contusions Cuts and lacerations, broken bones, and open sores Ripped spleens, sprained ankles, and broken nose I'ma bust the microphones I rip on I step on the stage and get my grip on That's when you get stiff armed It's on and I'm the shit homes!!!! I fucked around and lost count of bitches I put the dick on My alter-ego and its cool when I talk to P They fuckin call me the home-town hero I'm the center of attention, topic of the discussion It's understood they already know without me sayin nothin It's been like that since these niggas been down here wearin badges I'm off the heezy, I'm the reason for this pimp rap!! So stuck on myself sometimes it's like I ain't got no mind I say fuck it dawg and go for the crowd like the goal line!! Chorus Nigga you just like ten yards, always the first down Be the first motherfucker off the bus but be the last nigga to clown Ol' sometime ass nigga ol' fake regular regular,  everyday common-ass no drama-ass nigga I keep these niggas sippin on super dick and advil Punishin they motherfuckin ass and keepin it dat real Ain't nothin you can do to keep a nigga off the score board It's fourth and four - FUCKIN RIGHT I'M GOIN FOR IT!!! Chorus:4x Jump, round, jump Jump, Jump Jump, round, jump  watcha wanna do?!  watcha gonna do?! LET ME KNOW GIRL, JUMP, JUMP!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Danger (Been So Long) Typed by: Mike82122@aol.com You know what time it is nigga,  and you know who the fuck this is DANGER! DANGER! Get on the flo'! The nigga right chea; sing it! Been so long (sing it!) Since, he's been on So please (get on the flo'!) Show me (the nigga right chea!) What it is that you want to see [Mystikal] Go tell the DJ to put my shit on I'm keepin you niggas and bitches in jump from the minute I get on Takin they shirt off, showin they tattoos,  screamin and hollerin and all Got the gift to come up with it, put it together, deliver it, make them feel it, bitch I been on! Sharp! Like you pulled me out the pencil sharpener Bad! Like that student in the principal's office Put rappers in coffins, they dive like dolphins I'm the damndest lyrical marvel you come across often So watch yourself! Or fuck around and get beside yourself, I know! Go head though.. bounce them titties shake that ass, drop that pussy, but stay in line hoe Fuck a cain't, cuz you can can Cocked up, head down, pussy poppin on a handstand Leave that pussy smokin If you gon' do somethin then bend over, and bust that pussy open [Chorus] - 2X [Mystikal] My fuckin concert line around the corner Parkin cars, niggas lookin for they bitch, nothing on her! You lookin good momma - Why? Pshh, what's up homie? Sirens, limousines, and the club owner - ya bitch you! If you late, ain't no gettin in this bitch cuz it's fillin up Inside packed from the floor to the ceilin up The building ain't big enough! I'm backstage bouncin adrenaline buildin up! The pussy cutter, did I stutter? The heart flooder, make your woman drawers melt like butter Down like Nelly, I'm +Hype+ like "Belly" The rhyme seller! Kick ass like Jim Kelly! Stand up, round out, boot up and frown Tell a nigga if he wanna try it then bitch come on down! No sweat, no blood, no tears And if I tell you it's the shit then BITCH THAT'S WHAT IT IS! [Chorus] - 2X DANGER! Talkin 'bout DANGER! Motherfucker look! Get on the flo'! The nigga right chea! DANGER! (Motherfucker) Watch your back! DANGER! (Look look) Nigga what! (look look) Get on the flo'!  The nigga right chea! Get 'em up!!! [Chorus] - 2X DANGER! DANGER! GET ON THE FLO'! THE NIGGA RIGHT CHEA! SING IT! DANGER! DANGER! GET ON THE FLO'! THE NIGGA RIGHT CHEA! HUH! This is my motherfuckin flo'! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Da Brat, Petey Pablo Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Come See About Me Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Da Brat] Mystikal What's up my nigga It's Da Brat-tat-tat Lettin' the whole motherfuckin' world Know I got your back If you don't like what my nigga Mystikal do Come see 'bout that shit Step to it, know what I'm sayin' You don't like what the fuck I do, step to me We 'gone see about your motherfuckin' ass, nigga Huh, uh, uh [Da Brat] If I do somethin' you don't like Come and see about it You wanna box, get'cha dukes up, I'ma be 'bout it And ride off into the sunset, With the windows down, feet out it I got a foul mouth, I blow weed out it Seperate these thighs, get the price and eat out it Ain't no other bitch rowdy like me S-O, S-O, D-E-F, you C.K. Y'all bitch ass niggas disbehave me since the first day Worst way to kill 'em is hit the top of the charts First week at number one, R&B be a war Leave ya fake-ass manager home And if you eager nigga, to see about me, come along I keep my enemies a far, don't need a friendly to leave I make at least twenty-five just to breathe on the beat Tell me, how many niggas wanna fuck this bitch named Brat 60644 is where I'm at, come see [Hook: Mystikal & Da Brat] 2x You don't like! Come and see about me You gotta problem! Come and see about me You hurry up and come! Come and see about me What's up whodi! Come and see about me [Petey Pablo] (Who-a dat?) The burnin man (The burnin man?) Yeah, came here to burn some ass You don't see the burnin' man You don't see the blazin' hands You don't see 'em when I walk past (All smokin' in Hell) The So So, Da Brat brought Petey Pab and Mystikal Not nan' one of y'all, Can fuck with these bulldogs Known for breakin' the law, just came home Get it on 'bout this damn microphone Who the best, who said this and who said that Here go three of the best on this God damn track And you can believe that Willing to bet my Jive check If you don't rewind this back Somethin' wrong with deck I'ma can't forget spinnin off the wall type shit And no it didn't, I'm talkin' 'bout y'all type shit Greensboro to Cuira, Chapel Hill type shit Better send them folks to check for this Cause I'm the one that ill Hook 2x [Mystikal] This one is from your majesty, his lordship, your excellency Bitch barely can see me - definitely can't stand next to me Dick get hard like Rottweiler (you can handle it..) You know that fool can break down hits on shit, get adrenaline spannin We gon' kill 'em in New Orleans, like kill 'em for jumb' As cold as the Arctic, recorded in Georgia (rouff, rouff) Ninety proof through the roof, y'all niggas pink lemonade I hit the booth, your whole crew burst be kinda late Such a bunch of fuckin' cowards Ain't worth the dirt that come off my ass You go down the drain when I take my shower New Expedition be a Eddie Bauer Sometimes I gotta comb these fuckin' rappers hair, fix they collar Wanna be like me, we can take your bitch, and smack that daughter Be a man, and tell them bitches what you causin' I'm a south cowboy, Howddyyyy! Call them creepers, come and see about me Hook 2x [Mystikal] I come from out that Cajun, I'm stayin ragin, keep it blazin Bitch I'm crazy, half man, half amazin' Half way up the charts, and bitch I'm halfway in your ass I'm only halfway with this rhyme, and got half y'all mad Soon as I come in this bitch You know I'm comin to spit you somthin Then Michael Parker said "That's a bad rappin motherfucker!" I'll bust your ass up like a Mutherfuckin' bug stuck on the windshield wiper, walkin' Catch a temper-tantrum, from Mr. Shit-Talker The vulgar, the champion'll knock ya show off! I'll cut 'cha like a Newport, with no gauze (oh don't) Bitch I'm stupid like I lost a few marbles Still balkin, still tossin 'em Still holdin' MC's hand Takin' they ass across the street walkin' So let me know when you ready to bust With your head on the pavement Bring ya ass, you don't need no fuckin' invitation [Mystikal & Da Brat] Come and see about me Come and see about me, nigga Come and see about me Come and see about me Hook 2x Come and see about me Come and see about me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Big Truck Boys Typed by: Zblingbling@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Chorus 2x) Buckle Up Boy  Dont Give a fuck boy Here The Gillatine Big Ryders With The rest of the Big Trunk boys Leather Shit With the Big Chrome Boy Hit 'em with flat double barrel Big strung Boy (Mystikal)  Dont Get Caught Up with my big truck boy Fuck Up Doggg!! Respect My Line And Keep my shit clean Aint Gone Let The Big Buck Fall White On Black Tinted Windows With the big black dog Nigga Slippin Bitches Toten Trying To Get Knocked Off Its With the corna Shit  Sidewalk 3 6 Hard Aint No motherfucka know whats on my old man log From Yall with the paint balls Horrible Dogs  Ten hut but I can pay for it fog fog Somebody follin me in my rear view and it probaly them lawerys Thinkin im slanging that powder But I aint bout to cop no charge Thats the pt crosier Double R no job But I aint got no time im bout to ride to the frayer Hope they dont bring my shit back cause he aint to far If they take my shit strait over to buisness for war I'm talkin better, he said you talk to B.K. I said I aint got the day I said you strait Yes im on my way with my shit THATS what I did broke off head show me whats up thats what I said Hot curds front light in the streets wodie wanted every small car 5 10 east (Chorus 2x) (Mystikal) Tellin a motha fucka to strada talk on the phone drinks grada state troopers can kiss my ass  the rest of you Bitches gone eat my dust Hit the city limit Lyrics start  Yellin "thats my truck" Pull Up the red light tring to watch which nigga bone get back bra Packin towla gone rollin through town catch up with the fella with drug dealls hooka's and stella's better watch out for car jackers  some of the bitchs ass niggas jelouse Betta lock you tower girl  they comin to get yo need devoloped uptown hot be serivin like they be slappin round nigga's them nigga got a gillatin in they navigator on the back niggas standin dancin Keepin this nigga on the nextel wont even awnser some white nigga tryin to be like a snake  dont even know whats happening  (Chorus 2x) (Mystikal) Belive me niggas on 18 & 19 20 up tinted up piped up tank up filled up grilled up loaded siked up hyped up iced up polo striped up might up they want fresh cuts they rush all like big trucks Big house big car big dogs like big stuff  big piano pig feet pig smoked hut hut hut I like the to let the sun roof to let the wind blow my hair I tured on 5th avenue boom! there them nigga's go right there lookin at all them guns will do harm to yo eye balls these niggas live you might not see can the side walk showing off with some thing mystikal  drip drop He aught know being a dog he gone tag it looking like he gone charge at me cut  nigga drinkin taboscian mixed with wine put it 1 I put em with a cat fish  dangrous niggas having fun holling at q we got a show in florida  here we come (Chorus till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: I Rock, I Roll Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Mystikal's "human door" opens twice*} Huh, BOOM! Huh.. guess who it is? I rock, I roll.. tear this motherfucker up (tear this motherfucker up) Let's get ready to rumble!! [Mystikal] I come in this bitch to get paid to bust flow, I come for the gumbo They know me for kickin they ass from here to El Segundo Let's get ready to rumble!!! Shit sparks, spit flames the coldest thing up under the sun though Spendin your money on them niggaz you're wastin you time cause I'm the one hoe! Smokin the blunt smoke, stay out of my bundle I swung with the blast, I've never been matched I hop on the track like a jump rope I come with the guillotine to cutthroat Holdin it down, fuckin y'all up but the rest of them suckers be unsho' Me? YEAH, I'm blessed - if you don't know Pack a big boner, heavy strutured AND hung low Wrecking-ball nuts and dick touch the flo'  If it's on yo' chest then bitch let me know!! I hope you don't think I'm a runnin I know you don't think I'm scared  You must of forgot who the fuck that I am  The man with the braids - BEWARE!! That's yo' ASS Mr. Postman Got them niggaz stompin and swingin with both hands [Chorus 2X: Mystikal] I rock, I roll Tear this motherfucker up - let's get ready to rumble! Shuttin systems down! You ready for war? Start somethin, start fightin Chorus 1/2 again [Mystikal] Bats and pipes - broken bottles, glass, and knives  Jump in the mix and don't handle yo' business  and a nigga gon' turn out yo' lights!! You'll be gettin' yo' stupid self up  askin' the people "Which one of y'all hit me?" I don't know the way you went down looked like the ground was slippery Attack 'em with sawed-offs, and niggaz get throwed off The party get called off, when niggaz get sawed-offs Go get my meat to meet and give me that raw dog You, go get you a nasty, givin that pussy you bought off I come with the real I be with them niggaz with booted up grills  We don't do promotional shows that shit don't pay my bills Keep it in the ballin ballin, promoters callin Videos jumpin off nigga this the real New Orleans! My neck of the woods, my side of the hood my part of town Thugs, drugs, and violence - y'all niggaz is watered down When I perform I'm that calm And I'm the shit on the record I hit the studio and show 'em! [Mystikal] I rock, I roll I roll, we by hype Knockin 'em out, throwin 'em away, keep 'em off Takin 'em out, bustin they head, breakin 'em off! {*Mystikal ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: U Would If U Could Typed by: kjbossalne@aol.com * * send all corrections directly to this typist I had thought i heard u laughin, talkin trash Bitch, whats happenin Start shit but dont take it Pull it out, put it on your ass Some of y'all niggaz still got the game fucked up this year But I ain't gonna have it Tryna talk about anotha muthafucka on a record And the bitch aint got no cabbage Hopin somebody can tell me whats wrong with this picture Dont think you can put out whateva you want And I aint gonna come back in the bitch and come getcha Imma find out where ya hang at Where ya old lady live and what time you be there Go scope out ya ride Follow ya to work and bring that heat Duck and whooo! from this fuckin fool Monkey see, monkey do nigga So you cant be the man right chea too Theres none afta this Not anotha livin M.C. as hazardous And as talented and handsome, ghetto fabulous Keep em off my back Wheneva they comin I bring that double In a minute y'all niggaz dont show no love Its gonna be trouble These niggaz here get ya name bent Washed up anybody yall sent Gotta watch these niggaz, they get outta line I put em in they place every time they nut up Gotta stop em from spreadin them lies Bust em in they mouth and make em shut up Get up! Come here! Neva seen me cut up, ya must not be from here Im four and none here Dont have me to bring up the shit I've done here Reach blazin temperatures So please come wit ya sun gear Whoop the sleeves off of muthafuckas that try to run in here Serious look on my face And a boot in my mouth and balled up fists These niggaz dont want my trouble But its too late for em, gotta accept this shit Chorus: (Tryna sound like me) U would if U could nigga U would if U could (Tryna be like me) U would if U could nigga U would if U could nigga (You wanna do what I do?) U would if U could nigga U would if U could nigga (You wanna take my style?) U would if U could nigga U would, but U cant, so U aint! From the moment that i slid in the door They know I'm back cuz you can hear it in the floor But afta I rap bitches aint feelin it nomore Wanna talk that shit, betta kno what to come with If you jump in the water Then ya ass betta throw up before i start ballin And if you eva fuck with what I be recording Imma flush you down the toilet And if you eva come at me wrong with a mike Imma throw you in the gutter I cant be scared these niggaz  And they disrespect me cuz im from New Orleans We dont play that shit When these niggaz and they really want me to get started Make it painful cuz I dont think so I be bustin til I cant Thats what I where that tank for Hittin with the speed of Roy Jones Jr.  And the strength of Iron Mike Tyson Triflin, exciting, well precise And I gotta let em know that I still been right You talk on me strong Just cuz I'm rich dont mean that it dont sound hungry Count if you wanna Hope you think cuz you little I wont jump on ya You betta remember that  When you be droppin that bullshit You lucky I'm in a good mood right now But I'm lettin you know how it could get If I was the preacher Yall niggaz would run when I step off the pulpit If I was you I'd leave me alone Cuz bitch I aint nothin to fool with But if it is on ya mind  You got somethin to prove, then go head and do it I get so vivid I wouldnt be able to make a better picture if I could You understand my platinum Then fuck up my raps, semi tracks  No matter wheter kickin a verse or smokin a sack I'll fuck over you, yea I'm makin a habit of hurtin they head and bustin they ass Fuckin they woman and takin they spotlight, makin em mad Chorus & talking til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Mystikal Fever Typed by: unlvboy02@home.com * * send corrections to the typist Humph, Come on  (Verse 1) It's the nigga that get hard than starch in yo fuckin creases  rip it to pieces  slicin and dicin and icin em right with the mic I use  that's as clean as a wild teacher  eyes stay tight when they fade  to watch swarm bleedin  from out the freeza  can't you see em? Jesus! Big tittie Tina boppas out chea catchin Mystikal Fever  Ol you'll be sayin you ain't takin no shit this time  Nigga me neither! You could leave nigga fuck we don't need ya  Rapper, killer, loaded, beat,  swivel, shark, butchers meat CLEAVER {*knife sound*) a lot of you niggas believe in walkin a thin line  but when I get through wit cha all I be hearin is awwah!! Of all maps and adages knocking off hats Y all know  act a ass  But don't call me that  Fix yo fuckin shirt  tie yo fuckin shoe strangs jive and Mystikal comin up in the bull dagger (chorus) big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season  big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal s fever (Verse 2) keep my motherfuckin fist balled up case a mutherfucka tryin to start somethin  takin ginseng got yo lil dick hard makin it harder  think you gon jump in the ring and go pound for pound with the knockout king? No shit like that gon happen cause them  niggas down here ain't gon fuck wit what I bring  you heard the the motherfuckin door open  you heard that arrrr (door open sound) you know that's me  if it was a wrestlin match you'll be on your back like 1&2&3 come off the top ropes leave you knocked out wit yo mouth open  and they gon have to take yo ass home and leave you in a hot tub and soak bar banga and if you don't want swang  wit a mic I tell you nigga  I m wild ass a gorilla on chain  Time to flow wit a natural-born go getter  This for my hustlas to ballas, gangstas and cap pealers hustlas to ballas  gangstas and cap pealers hustlas and gangstas gangstas and cap pealers hustlas to ballas  gangstas and cap pealers (chorus) big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season  big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal fever (Verse 3) I'll go pound for pound wit the knuckle cuffin motherfucka Rush em and touch em  Then stand ova his ass and screamin I told you not to start nuthin  I'ma damage ya  You ain't got the stamina  Half the talent to match, to dance wit the tarantula  When I'ma chargin at cha  niggas be tryin to copy cat  wanna jump on the mic and do what I do but can't keep up  ain't no thankin  that'shit gon change  cause when I drop off Mystikal sound a likes  gon have to get the fuck off crackin they glasses  smashin they records  smash and catchin they ass all day and tackle they ass  tell em all settle shop down close fo sho  put it down like 1990 M.C. Hammer  I hope (chorus) big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season  big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal s fever  big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal season  big tittie bitches catchin big tittie bitches catchin Mystikal fever  aaw oh, aaw oh  these niggas know, these niggas know when it's Mystikal s fever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Family Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com Chorus: Mystikal & Girl Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chere) Where's ya family?, mighty family, Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chere) Verse 1: Mystikal & Female singer I heat up the way coffee be Tasty like pastry Got mo' flavors than parsely With 9 aunties and 2 uncles I got a lot of cousins, so watch how you talk to me Good ol' places, good ol' times, doing good ol' thangs That was just the good ol' days, most of my people still look the same All though we deep in the numbers, Our feelings is close as the lotto ya heard me We originated in Louisiana way back in the 1930's On the farm in the son of mister and misses Joyner and Mary Tyler Hooked up with they daughter, Daughter Josephine the difference do you know what I mean She was on the cotton field He was on the farm where the cows get killed Then they moved off the plantation Then ??? came in a few mo' years First came Rosa Lee, then Lord June Bug, then Anna Lee Then Louise and Alberta, then my mama came who they call Marie Without a breather, um, here come Mary Alice, and Linda Po' Grandma stayed bare foot, pregnant, and always baring Don't worry be happy, whatever we got we was glad that we had it After that, here come the last three, (Who was?) Loyce, Alan, and Kathy Chorus: Mystikal & Female singer Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chere) Where's ya family?, mighty family, Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chere) Verse 2: Mystikal And I'm just another kid, that come from one of the children of dear papa One of Booko grandchildren, Represent Lawerence and Elizabeth Tyler (like who?) And my cousin Harry, cousin Becky, my cousin's Derita and Larry Rocky, Walter, and Herbert, Meeky,  and Tiffany, Cynthia, Dede, and Tary,  Poncho, Erica and Junior, Mimi, Defra, Petey, Cheryl and Buster Jermaine and Fayette, Ronald and Donald, my crazy twin cousins Albert, Lil' Will, and Tasha, Trenette, Shirlet, Robby and Ranisha Lisa, Lil' Alan and Derrick and Teddy,  Michelle, Marquel, and Michael and Rece, and Ronisha, Cory and Brandon, Ranika, Christy, and Marty and Kisha Craig, Geremy, Chad and Millian, my child Tary, ??? and Robel Ariel and Lawerence Anthony, Dazy, Courtney and Jaren Mikey, Brittney, and Kelan, Lil' Brian, Arian and Lil' Harry Keke and Brian junior, Nikki, Lil' Donald, and Donyette, And the people I forgot, Uncle Lynn, Uncle George, and Bafay and Auntie  Debroah Chorus: Mystikal & Female Singer Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chere) Where's ya family?, mighty family, Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chere) Verse 3: Mystikal Now that you know about my family ties,  and my family history, and my family size I done took ya back five generations and broke it down for ya, Now haven't I? From greatgrandparents to grandparents, Mama's and daddy's and Uncle's and Aunties To all of my in-law'es, nana's pa raisers and nephews and niece's From moma's and papa's, stomach still growing so the number increases From sisters and brothers, baby daddy's,  baby mama's, branch cousins and play cousins So watch how you look at me, You never know who I'm kind to when you pasting If you ain't in ya own back yard  better be careful coz we just might ax ya Chorus: Mystikal & Female singer Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from here) Tell me where you from round? (I'm from right chere) Where's ya family?, mighty family, Where's ya family?, mighty family (from right chere) Female singer & Mystikal till fade (various ways): You better watch how you look at me Cause I'm from here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready/Shaft soundtrack Song: Ain't Gonna See Tomorrow Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [Mystikal] Listen!...Listen!...huh...Listen! God forgive me but you can't do shit no mo' The water ain't no good, the grass don't grow Never mention schools ain't safe no mo' killing in the 1st grade six years old Ask yo self this, In what kind of world is that to raise yo children Then again it really don't matter, where you gone go, you still gotta live it Let's face reality, stop talking bout peace that's a thing of the past But then again that's a bald face lie, cause a few years ago you was hanging my ass ??? no presidents, sometimes the whole world just pressed up against me Think about it, young black man, come up set up for penitentary Do the math, all on you, choose yo path,be a leader, pray for strength Know when to cap and when to blast Get back on track, we damn near got past crack, then every dope dealer got  snatched back, But we already black on black, that's sad Is it really in our nature what make it so bad But I ain't no better then the rest of ya'll, Plus I came up in a house wit out no dad I knew that you left, you didn't won't to But that how it is, Lord help us, You know what we going through Hook: It's bigger than us, it's out of my hands, that's why I'm praying to God Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water It's your world, but we yo children yo son's and yo daughters We struggling trying to get it together, But some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow...some of us ain't gonna see  tommorrow, I know some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow [Mystikal] Somebody tell me what you get in a relationship with nothing but silence, silence We ain't married so we can't get divorced so the only thing left is domesticated violence When a man uses a woman to take out his problems He abuses that woman, then man must recognize this and stop it We got two kids and you pregnant again so how can we profit That's BULLSHIT! That ain't no reason to pull her arm out the socket Baby I'm so sorry, you know that I luv you and didn't wanna hurt you When I put my hands on ya, I was wrong so I don't deserve ya I never thought I'd see the day I'd be a witness when they describe a nigga on the t.v.  Now my sister flipping in the grave cause that's a how she died and I know this can't be me Lord help her forgive me, God give me my purpose Jesus break this chains, you know this a viscous circle But I got my trust in you, I know there will be light at the end of the tunnel I done been in many situations, she was there each and everyone of 'em Keep me humble I wanna take time out write down and thank ya, thank ya Trying to make it wit out you is something we can't do Hook: It's bigger than us, it's out of my hands, That's why I'm praying to God Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water It's your world, but we yo children yo son's and yo daughters We struggling trying to get us together, but some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow...some of us ain't gonna see  tommorrow, I know some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow [Mystikal] Lord tell them you difference between having eternal life or forever burn, burn Lord tell em you was wit me when I had my accident and my truck started flipping and turnin', When it felt like I was dying from the moment of impact, we rolled ten times I was driving my best, that fool came on my side of the line But when the truck did finally stop moving I was just fine My little brother that was on the passenger must of got hurt cause he was unconscious We done had our tradegy's, We was just talking so this can't be happenin' But before I could say anything else, I saw the helicopter and the ambulance My little brother came back through, first thing he said was, "What is going on" But the next thing he said was, "Watch over me lord and keep me strong" And right then and there, I knew every thing was gone be alright But we ain't promised nothing So thank you my lord for saving his life Hook: 2x until fade It's bigger than us, it's out of my hands, That's why I'm praying to God Oh heavenly father, keep my head above the water It's your world, but we yo children yo son's and yo daughters We struggling trying to get it together, But some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow...some of us ain't gonna see  tommorrow, I know some of us ain't gonna see tommorrow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: The Braids Typed by: AshleysMoment@aol.com * * send all corrections directly to this typist Chorus: Don't fuck, don't fuck with the braids!  Can't fuck, can't fuck with the braids!  Don't fuck, don't fuck with the braids!  Ya can't fuck, you can't fuck with the braids! (Barking) You can't stop me! How then?  Watch me! Watch me! Ain't gonna be no congress Drop me, you can't block me, who stop me? Its outside!  You should've known better!  Is it cause I flow better?  They kept me in the shade But now I'm back motherfucker, the nigga with the cannon for two Swinging with the braids! Chorus [Verse 1] 504! The doe man, got dogs in when the rhymes go bad Make ink on the page, catch flame Lit light like propane No sweat, no blood, no pain, no game No card, no deal, no dice, no game Giving these bitches somethin vicious! I got them falling to pieces, like porcelain dishes I'm dirty! I get all the way down on the ground And just wonder, memorize, take a picture, write a book I don't give a fuck! I man supply, ground ripper! I'm here, lay down and give it up! Nigga you ain't gonna leave me out my entrance (out my entrance) Count a hundred thousand pennies, every sentence! Buddatt, buddatt, buddatt! Get back! What's happening? I rip cracks and pop tapes I'm so hot they just gotta rock what I spray The type of guy that write what I say! I'm so wild, cause I'm round where them crocodiles play! (Can't be none there) I make you say, ow, give it to me (step it up!) Don't be that way I'm tearing ya, cause they tell ya with da music! I been doing this shit, how to train em', how to use em'! I'm a gangsta, better pop up respect Take a piece of lectum Maximum effect ya! But eclectic, ground perfected! It just don't get no colder, bet you if I won't effect it. Y'all niggas couldn't pop a rubberband You fucking with the man! Chorus: [Verse 2] Bitch bout 55, got damn it! Get into it, get off, get down, get cross, get tied! For my Million (son) and my Mychelle (daughter), my mama, and my brother, and my nephew, and myself! The man upstairs, cause I kept it up,  for my niggas, and my rounds, back down Bout to step it up (step it up)  Put in some cash and some Outkast beats. Hop behind the wheel and come out from the fucking backseat! Michael Tyler! Rhyme and droating driver, miracle rip plyer! The fasthold desire! On fire, reach a flyer, ain't nobody lie! Starting them out of a team, city of Seam,  with 100 suckers and a busta! And I'm still clean! Hollering hiya!  Right before I chop you in your throat! Another rapper say I'm on my way  To get the fucking hat and coat, and hit the motherfucking door! You can't stop me! How then? Just watch me, watch me! Ain't gonna be no calling congress! You can't drop me, you can't block me, who stop me? Its outside You should've known better! Is it cause I flow better? They kept me in the shade But now I'm back motherfuckers,  the nigga with the cannon for the two  Swinging with the braids! Chorus: The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Smoked Out Typed by: G_Money420@tupac.com, YEA4SHEEZY@aol.com * * send corrections to these typists yo h-hit that bitch up ah ah coo! we bout to get smoked out in this bitch here TONIGHT when the last time you heard that shit? (turn that shit up) DAMN, we been a minute nigga (*chokin*) still doin this shit (pass dat shit) look look look for yall niggas that dont know nigga, i really be smokin on my smoking songs (alright) you can smell it? (fuckin right) *cough cough* thats that *cough cough* thats real shit ya heard me? *cough* ooo shit! hit this shit foo' yah aint scared huh? heh, you can handle it? [Mystikal] get yo dope, yo pipe, cigar papers, scissors and cut it up smoke somethin, sell somethin,  roll somethin if it aint doja then put it up I'm bout to let you bitches know somethin I'm the nigga to holla at if you really tryin to blow somethin scope pounds and qb's like they inexpensive got cushion northern lights right but no 2pac and Jimi Hendrix like the inscence, me run outta weed is that senseless? for instance, I'ma be around this bitch smokin 'till I got dentures three smokin songs each who be charged you know the credentials I'm in it, four smokin songs I done got  so loaded I forgot to count this ain't no mystery yall niggas be lettin that bullshit miss me you know the history been smo-kin move a box of fifties leave me high leave me tipsy but won't go gettin that fucked up nigga huh tell me now what's the  difference? this that shit shit that can't stay won't go off of this that shit cause right ch'yall can't smoke off of [CHORUS x4] (whatchu is?) I'm just a rap writer (but wha?) before I get my nerves bad LEMME GO GET MY, LEMME GO GET MY LIGHT! smoke all OVER this motherfucka BITCH you aint loaded coo! boom boom boom boom AT THE DOOR! you got a problem with me gettin high? suck a dick and die LEMME GO GET MY, LEMME GO GET MY LIGHT! *cough* coo! yall motherfuckas aint loaded nigga if y'all was motherfuckin loaded like me you would have yo motherfuckin lighter up nigga put your motherfuckin lighters down nigga, and light that bitch up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Murderer III Typed by: Detreceiver2g@aol.com [First Verse] MUTHAFUCKIN' MURDERER!!!!!! BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!! BITCH I'M BOUT TO GET MY PISTOL!!!! Know that I'm comin' and I gotta get him, And I gotta kill him, And cease all his stupid shit, And walk with this venomous shit cuz she's 'sposed to be there for me, SIX YEARS, STILL TEARS!!!! I know it's gonna be that way  until the day that your grave is filled up, I still can't forget'cha, cuz all you did is spilled blood, Bitch that was my only sister, YOU CAN'T JUST KILL HER!!! DON'T THAT FUCK WITH YOU??? CAN'T YOU FEEL HER? THAT'S WHAT THE FUCK SHE GET FOR GIVIN' YOU HER REAL LOVE???? I tried to play cool, and mind my business, and stay out it, I was supposed to be all in, when it comes to your family SHARE YOUR  PROBLEMS!!!! I just wish I would've knew then what I know now, I just WISH I COULD'VE WOKE UP BEFORE IT WENT DOWN!!!!! Now I'm sayin' "DAMN!!!!!" Wake up hollerin' "DAMN!!!!!!!" Wait until I get that muthafucka, AND I AM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chorus (Mystikal & uncredited singer): (Mystikal) MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER (Get that muthafucka WHAT I TELL MYSELF!!!!) (Singer) Murderer....... Murderer....... (2x) [Second Verse] Noooooooow, why? Would you come to my house, tell the truth,  then turn around and be bout LYIN'???? Muthafucka in that water, I know you didn't want your son to ROT!!!!! So if you gone support him,  then you can jump up in the skillet with him and FRY!!!! BITCH!!!!! MY GOD DAMN SISTER USED TO CALL YOU MAMA!!!!! AND THIS IS HOW YOU HONOR HER??????? I'm furious, and to her I say MURDERER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Her loyalty, and her love, YOU DESERTED HER!!!!!!!!!!!! Changed the whole story, and got on the evening news and shined, The bitch start actin', got on the witness stand and start cryin', Now who the fuck you think you foolin'? Or convincin'? IT MUST BE YOUR FUCKIN' SELF!!!!! It hurt me so bad, to avoid doin' somethin' crazy  I had to write this shit down on paper, AND SHOW YOU WHAT THE FUCK I FELT!!!!! You disgrace me, it's a show of shame, You saw that look in my sister face, she died in PAIN!!!! Chorus [Third Verse] Thou shalt not kill, Bitch I can remember finishin' the argument  that y'all was havin' over automobiles, Thou shalt not lie, I know what you did, I'm comin' to get'cha, YOU CANNOT LIVE!!!!! Look, you sleep forever is the fuckin' price, Shit, a throat for a throat, a life for a life, FUCK MY FEELINGS, you owe that to my family and her son, My children auntie ain't there, Fuckin' well right I got a grudge, On your Ma, and her lawyer, and the courts,  and the jurors, and the judge, Defenses, your immediate family members, I'm pissin' on it and burnin' the distict attorney, You stepped down on us, Shipped that coward out his fuckin' cell and let him skip town on us, Just like that, And I guess I'm 'sposed to let that shit go down, ha? Just like that? I'm makin' it happen to these actors, My screwdriver, and my telephone bar, and my black hat on backwards, Takin' your boyfriend, that's how it end, But until then, I'M LIVIN' FOR REVENGE Chorus (Mystikal & singer): (Mystikal) MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER (Get that muthafucka WHAT I TELL MYSELF!!!!) (Singer) Murderer....... Murderer....... (Mystikal) MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER MURDER (Get that muthafucka WHAT I TELL MYSELF!!!!) (Singer) Murderer....... Murderer....... (Mystikal) MURDERER!!!!!!!!! BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!! MURDERER!!!!!!!!!! BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!! (Mystikal) BITCH YOU KILLED MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!! .....WHAT I TELL MYSELF!!!!!!!!!!! (Singer...simultaneous with Mystikal) Murderer.... Murderer.... [beat plays with drum cadence until the final gunshot ends the song] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ OutKast Album: Let's Get Ready/The Wood soundtrack Song: Neck Uv Da Woods Typed by: cdw05@gnofn.net [Intro - Mystikal] This is, Mystikal and Outkast I'm representin [Mystikal] I'm out for the big bucks and NO WHAMMIES You can't stand it! Make em feel the impact and I ain't even in Miami Handlin with my man 'nem in Atlanta And they play me cuz they know I bring the kinda shit you feelin as I'm sayin it I'm like the NBA sore thumb on pawn shop tech nine,  bitch I'm known for jammin Smoke Mary, Mary, Mary Put a mean ass flow on top of bad vocabulary I bust through, intrude, move through distractions Withstand hits and blows don't lose no traction I threw a round off flip flop flip flop back at em If a nigga comin clown then I'm going get the cannon  And the get God back Knuckle up boy, don't be no fucked boy  Me and Guillotine we run some niggas in a big truck boy Run flat boy, run that boy Bitch where I'm a send you you can't come back boy I bring flames to a four alarm fire I wash him up and ring him out and throw him in the dryer I hit the door, I'm blowin him like southern band And they always tryin to find something to say about the brother man I invent em flip em and send em Rhymes set you jumped like I poured King Cobra over ya Guess what, this is a stick up Give me back my shit before I start pickin bricks up Garbage mc's better run for it Don't come this way cuz you can't walk on this side of the yard, (?) And respect me for takin it to em So expect me to lay it down and represent my neck of the woods Yeah, like that, ha ha, yeah yeah yeah Mystikal and Outkast, ha ha [Hook - Dre] X 2 If it don't bump off in the club you can't rock If it ain't 808 in the trunk it ain't knock If you round our neck of the woods you better stop Cuz the people on the block gonna show you where to drop, ahhhh [Big Boi] All a the heat rise to the beat wise  To that nigga that spit that street fire Mystikal, Andre and Big Boi takin em out of the park like Mark Mcgwire Sosa, you so so, you brown and small like Toto You're bitch made like Dorothy You belong in a soroioty, I'm a call you Cocoa Like candy, go sing a song with Brandy But rhyming and double timing, what is you sayin G? I take my thirteen shot I pray my style is drunken And you know we doin the big beat oh hell yeah it's gonna be bumpin Givin you somethin to beat the block with, meet the cops with My stamina's incredible so sucka don't try to stop this The D-U-N-G-E-O-N Family, merrily Life is but a dream, I mean a nightmare cuz it's scarin me But I live, gotta give one double O percent above the rest yeah That daddy fat sacks gon burst, and you know that, YEAH Yeah know that East Point never stop like that All the way to Decatur [Hook] X 2 [Dre] Hey, what's your name? Andre 3000, the year to fear is already here Must look beyond, sounds from the center of the sun Reason for a gun, only one Strong believer in self-preservation Aahhhhh, OOF! in the State of confused City of forgotten fate, County of the blues Street address Generation X Avenue But Generation Y high to the point that I drink Runnin on a new one Walkin in my silver boots, need a shoe horn and some church socks What if I told you that even if you made clocks? Stops, time rewinds, see what he finds Then re-arrange and change things that's on your mind Would you swallow like fine wine or peanut butter? Would you holler that I'm live and ask another? Or take no heat and run for cover? [Hook] X 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: I'm Throwed Off (Bonus Track) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Mystikal) MAN!! (I ain't never felt like this before) DAMN!! I ain't never felt like this before I AIN'T RIGHT!!, fuck, this shit ain't right Huh, huh, I AIN'T RIGHT!!, huh Shit ain't right (Chorus: Mystikal) I'm throwed off (fuck), I'm throwed off (huh) I'm throwed off (huh), I'm throwed off (Mystikal) I'm fucked up in the head but everytime I go on - bitch, ran my coat on Bitch gonna take my clothes off You niggas are crazy like roaddogs You can do what you wan' do and say what you want - just don't play wit' me Go wit'cha flow go, just don't call me bitch OK? BACK OFF, BACK OFF!! Mind your business Damn dog, didn't know you were ever gonna drop Nigga, soon as I finish, I'm gonna make your motherfuckin' Record Store look like it just got broke with a crowbar I ain't gotta stand up in this bitch, take your hands on - throwed off, throwed off (Chorus: Mystikal) I'm throwed off (huh), I'm throwed off I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off (Mystikal) Niggas be testin' the street like dick-birds Then they start day-dreamin', watch my tons and hit curbs (oops!) Then I fuck my eyes and spit in my face - they got bad nerves I smoke - funny - ain't lust and use bad words But I'm in another revolution - motherfucker seem with his ASS HEARD!! If you ever in your car and you play my game, throw the password cause it doesn't rest its head with an exquisite hand and they BLAST FIRST!! I can't stand my next door neigborhood, so I'm here to get a transfer They won't stay over my GRASS - fur, I ain't right (Chorus: Mystikal) I'm throwed off (huh), I'm throwed off I'm throwed off, I'm throwed... (Interlude: Mystikal) Check this part out right here Fe-Fi-Fo-Fum - I smell a sticky nigga roll up one Get back if you ain't got none If you ain't 'BOUT it, then nigga don't come (Mystikal) We tear this bitch up everytime we come through Actin' stupid, bitch - you know what I do Lookin' like I come from Artabozoo Where the feeders gumbo and cross-fetch too, huh I get down cause I come up around the checkin' line Kell - stop that fuckin' track - I've lost my mind (Chorus: Mystikal) I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off (huh) I'm throwed off (huh), I'm throwed off (huh) I'm throwed off (huh), I'm throwed off (huh) I'm throwed off (huh), I'm throwed off (Mystikal) Hickery-dickery-dock - get 'em - jump off my cock Bitch - get out my face and whore - stay out my pocket, that's right Everytime I come in the kitchen, put two in the kitchen Gettin' fat, eatin' all the fuckin' food up but ain't washin' the dishes The FUCK YOU MEAN do I have somethin' else to drink? You just got through emptyin' the jug out the hands - its the same THAT'S IT - gotta get the fuck out bitch about to schold your hand to the door Nigga, I don't play that shit, better ask somebody Bitch - thought you know (Chorus: Mystikal) I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off I'm throwed off, I'm throwed off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Let's Get Ready Song: Lookin' For Me (Bonus Track) Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Intro: Mystikal) Shit, BOO!!, Boo Uh-ooooh!!, hah, yeah, yeah another album motherfucker heh, heh (Chorus: Mystikal) Here I am, somebody said that you were lookin' for me Here I am, somebody said that you were lookin' for me Here I am, motherfucker, you lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me, huh (Mystikal) Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Nigga, that's like somebody who ain't got no fuckin' money tryin' to say somethin' to "P" It's like y'all niggas goin' to learn - to learn with "E" Y'all niggas act like ya go to job interviews and come and try to fuck with our beans Oh no, you don't go, go there, fool! That nigga said what? Oh ah, hell no!! Still hot, just thought I'll tell y'all Bitches suckin' dick if they thought it fell off Like a man-stare, hundred-twelve floors When they want the fire I'm the one they'll call Your Record Company's Stores' fallin' I'll pick that bitch up, put it on my back and start walkin' Hit the car, start coughin' Shoplifter get off, I'm bustin' the dodger I'll B&B y'all from N.O. to L.A. You ain't lookin' for me, cause you know me by my face (Chorus: Mystikal) Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me? (Mystikal) Somebody said that you were lookin' for me I better go complete, tie to put together rap DEAD on the beat Don't beg for my weed, don't step on my feet (step on my feet) Don't pull out my prenium, messin' with my trailor lookin' my women, don't fuck with my jeep My coban motherfuckers, can never be chuckin' no beef Y'all niggas still can't fuck wit' me and would not compete I'm out the box, off the HEAT!! Proper prop-lock up blocks with much shit, drop shit Jaws and break bones with my shit-song And it's on with rhyme-stones, styles gon' be shown And I'm known, bring it home, an' home on microphone It don't say my name on it, so, cause they know I'll be comin' for 'em (Chorus: Mystikal) Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? (Mystikal) Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You said we're takin' a trip cause I'ma pocket-full of TNT What the fuck you gon' get? Them niggas ain't fuckin' wit' these Well fuck it and feel , nigga, my shit don't come from the streets I'll be the pepper, hot sauce for ya SPICY, somethin' ride on fool WATCH ME, polished up, saddle up - giddy up Oh shit - dried out, let's go - HIT 'EM UP!!! Come on - let 'em have it - ditchin' out then don't have it It's like I accept it - take my loss, shake it off You got my ends bitch, bring it ALL for the year Strap, hold my tongue - MOTHERFUCKER - I SAID "ALL"!!! Fuck, first ya family, this street was never a skin-up-ya Watch your mouth nigga, never do business wit' cap-peelin' I bring that funk - stop says: "Stop at yo' door" Come out the trunk - are you sure I'M THE ONE YOU WANT??!! (Chorus: Mystikal) Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me, you lookin' for me? (Outro: Mystikal) Huh, BOO!! Huh, god damn it, huh, shit I'M THE MAN!! Don't believe that shit cause I'm tellin' ya Believe that shit cause you al ready know, motherfucker HERE I AM!! Somebody said that you were lookin' for me You lookin' for me? HERE I GO!!!!!..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Tarantula Song: Bouncin' Back (Bumping Me Against The Wall) Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [Hook 2X: Mystikal] + (Pharrell) You keep bumping me against the wall Yeah I know I let you slide before But until you seen me... trust me (You ain't seen bouncin' back) [Verse 1] I really be throwin' my words Standing 'em up, and jammin' on the one That ain't nobody but Neptunes bammin' on the drum Swift flip kicks landing from the tongue More dramatic than batman and robin, ba na na na na na The one that be handling they business, be sharper than a thumb tack The one that be dropping these albums, showing 'em how to come back And you gon' respect me and appreciate where I run at You ain't gone piss me off, cause you sorry that you done that I gets meaner, badder, stronger and ferocious You don't even much wanna see the rest I'm coming back mo' fearless, mo' determined to fold the set I ain't even started yet So if you ain't ready you better get ready I know I do it better when I'm being opposed Ah stick ya chest out, keep your chin up 'Cause sometimes you gotta get knocked down to get up [Hook] [Verse 2] No matter what happened that's only once it's shame on you You come up and here and do it again then it's shame on me Sometimes we be getting in trouble we didn't want learn or Sometimes we be getting in trouble we ain't gon' see I accept my wages like the way that I fail I grow, I take 'em in stride and but 'em under my belt I learned from you just like you learned from me I plead, I pray for peace and perfect harmony Somebody said fool you better keep on rapping Stop that trippin', causin it ain't gone happin' I told them look you better mind yo business Change yo' way of thinking and keep on living Done started some trouble and you ain't been out since Cause you stuck inside scared watching CNN Just take the precaution so yo life will be better Tell my friends to call me I ain't accepting no letters [Hook] [Verse 3] You heard about me, yeah you had to Hmm-huh, I know you changed ya mind you ain't the only one with bad news I know that they made you feel strange huh You was right in the middle complainin' and forgot what you was cryin' bout It could be you time and it might be You can't do nothing about it, its God will thats just how life be One day it hit 'cha then its gone And I'm serious and you ain't never even gone feel it until it hit home That's when the pain run sharper and deeper You ain't eat that's when the days feel slow and long I know you miss 'em so it's time to uplift 'em Try to pick the pieces up and find a way to drive on I tell you the truth so don't lie to me Get back Satan don't bother me And that's the way its gotta be And real as ever so I hope you proud of me [Hook] [repeat to fade] You keep bumping me against the wall (*3X*) (You ain't seen bouncin' back) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Butch Cassidy Album: Tarantula Song: Tarantula Typed by: OHHLA.com & bigtruckrecords.com * [Mystikal] Well bitch I'm country as cowboy boots I debut beatin' boy band groups Nigga let me know what the fuck yall wanna do Either keep up or you can't Mildew or barbeque! Crack or do yo thang! Dang I ain't come here for no dumb shit You tell me which one of them is the hardest nigga: lyrics or the drum kick? And when its finished over and done with Imma smoke a blunt and knock the pussy off some bitch I ain't no speedy and you said I beat it too much I ain't gon eat it you aint gon' drown me and I pound it enough They see me leavin' with the big butt woman With me walkin' funny pussy up in her stomach Sittin' in the front cause the tv's runnin' Peanut butter leather seat with "Big Truck" on it I musta kidnapped a nigga main honey cause I heard em holl'n "Hold on baby I'm coming!" [Chorus: Butch Cassidy] We hushed those (ssshh) who never thought we would get this far But bitch I told you - Tarantula - so do what you 'sposed to - Tarantula Give me brains stop lookin' strange bitch shit changed It's just like I told you - Tarantula - came up like I'm 'sposed to [Mystikal] And I'm known as the mutha fuckin' black prince of the south So wop-ba-ba-loo-bop bitch watch out I make ya mama shake a tail feather Dont tell ya daddy that I'm here cause you know it make him feel threatened Go get ya sexy dress to turn me on While he down there quotin Betty Wright, "I know you not gon' sing that song!" I hit the chart and never move off or homie cool off Before your nose look like Rudolf I give it to em and this bitch can't handle it Ol' ugly jealous mutha fucka this shit's jammin Ridiculous amounts of raw uncut talent On top of bass string kicks and piano They callin me big bucks no whammies This year I'm screaming Jive Records Big Truck got dammit Heads up tighten up nigga move Rank: CEO - slash - rapper - slash - fool [Mystikal] (Butch: Watch you gon' do?) I'm fixin' to blow up like the jaws of Dizzy Gillespie Heavens to Betsy Julio Iglesias couldn't out-rock me Speedy Gonzales couldn't come catch me The Grammy-nominated, especially The Soul Train Award Winner, call me "Black Elvis Presley" You probably cant keep up with what you see me on Either 106 & Park, Queen Latifah, Chris Rock or Jenny Jones Knock down buildings chop down trees I kick so fuckin hard they say, "You Japanese!" I'm up the millions 'cause of what I invent Look at ya over there with ya seatbelt light on approachin your initial descent A.K.A. "The Tarantula" Hot rhymes coming from a canister I'm keepin my fans with somethin to brag on These people in here ain't leavin' until I finish my fuckin' last song Bitch walk like a barbarian Tall dark and cut and keep them fuckin' hoes starin' [Chorus 2x w/Mystikal saying "Tarantula"] [Butch Cassidy] South and the West come together However, we plan on doing this shit quite clever My nigga Mystikal, it's ya boy Butch Cass' And we put a foot off in they ass * (M. Tyler/S. Storch/D. Means) The Braids Publishing (adm. by Zomba  Enterprises Inc.)/TVT Publishing, Inc./Scott Storch Music (ASCAP)/ Means Family Publishing (BMI)  2001 Zomba Recording Corp. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Tarantula Song: If It Ain't Live, It Ain't Me Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mystikal] Why.., why why why why Cause I keep bangin' y'all mother-fuckin ass, with this shit If it ain't live, it aint me Oh nigga I'm too def to move a step, too shy to slip or slide I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old I'm too hip to drip, I do it to 'em like this I wan't-a load it up, cock back don't miss Y'all ain't goin' believe this Got the preacher's wife talkin' bout rock that shit! All they do is say the mans name You watch how many bitches start comin', it's a damn shame They know I got the wood for 'em If they in the hotel room and get the dick, that's good for 'em Big pussy and it's soft dick time, bitch I got to get'cha, mm-hm, uh-huh.. Tell me what you goin' do If you got your friends with you, you could bring them ho's too Come and turn around, let me get behind you Move somethin' for me baby, I ain't goin' tell no body [Hook] If it ain't live, it aint me Oh nigga I'm too def to move a step, too shy to slip or slide I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old If it ain't live, it aint me Oh nigga I'm too def to move a step, too shy to slip or slide I'm too hard to fall apart, I'm too cold to get old I'm too hip to drip [Mystikal] When I'm here they got to have it White lines so live they jump off the cabinet It's Micheal Tyler not Black Sabbath It's springin' hunter so watch out for the cat parrot I'm a whole and kaniver, the hot enchilada, Big Truck driver Hittin' hookers is a side high Tuckin' guts stackin' paper formin' lyrics is my real job Got my fingers and my shit tight Got another album and contract bitch get right Form a crowd like a fist fight Take my time with it if it takes me sun-up to midnight [Hook] [Mystikal] I'm too man to try to handle, I'm too bad and loaded too for you to hold Too tight to out-write, too strong to out-sold, too much to out-bust I'll talk shit and cuss, foul-dog rimp and the walk talk spit crush The paper towels and toilet tissue, start your engine set the table Clean your plate and wash the dishes Can I please get a source cup And if they don't give me my grammy, feel so sorry for your mother And after I'm goin' get Jive I done bust my ass, y'all ain't do y'all job [Hook 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Juvenile Album: Tarantula Song: Settle the Score Typed by: Tdfreak@hotmail.com [Intro] What you about to hear gone FUCK you up because this the first time you ever heard some shit like this nigga I'm tellin you this shit so off the fucking hook bro Ya'll man look check this shit out {Humming in Background} + {"Waaaaaa" in Background} Mystikal: Mystikal and Juvenile Nigga Say Juvey they don't believe you did the beat bro Juvenile: What you mean nigga, fuckin right I did this beat Mystikal: I tried to tell them niggaz bro [Mystikal] I come with my own look, my own sound, my own style Who the fuck you think drawed this crowd It's the ripper, the clean up hitter You bitter intimidating young long dick nigga Now suck it, now suck it, while you around here playa hating Your woman around here screaming Fuck Me, Fuck Me Tell me something, don't I put down on my albums Motherfucka nobody ever told you I was hard as a NFL Helmet I write 'em, land 'em, plant 'em BAM Nigga can't stand 'em On top, on sight, heads up, bust 'em at random (What You Did?) I got the vest out, put the braids back, put on the bandana (What Else You Did?) Signed a brand new contract, shot the video in Atlanta Don't pull me, can't hold me the beat don't move me You know smokin, drinkin whenever I kick it with Juvey Back on my own, back on my zone Feelin better, lookin better Bout to go get it and bring it back home [Chorus 2X: Juvenile] A nigga got, got but I won't no more Cause this time round I come to settle the score Greedy niggas eat good, but not that long They wind up with a stomach ache balled up in they home [Juvenile] You better cancel that shit, about you run this here I ain't seen you on the charts what you done this year Y'all thought "Project English" was the last of this shit When I was really only given y'all half of this shit Fuckin right I made the beat, and I wrote this rap But a Niggaz In the ghetto want to post the crack Got two Niggaz posted watching a bus with macks Just waiting on the police and Niggaz to jack To people across the nation, thanks for being patient Ya'll been itching for some G-Shit Huh, I know you waiting When you cop the cd, get some Herb and Ride Turn the bitch up real loud so you can feel my Vibe I got a long way to go, I'm just gettin started I'm 26 years old and I'm still retarded I ain't talking about handicapped I'm talking about the way I talk and Express my rap You Feelin that [Juvenile] Anytime you say my name make sure it's some good shit Look I'm not your eldest rapper, I stay on some hood shit Am I hatin on Cash Money, Now Stop Playin I respect it How it came, Now I got Game (Bling) I'm all about U.T.P. Family and Kids And Takin Care of business it the way that we live I don't need a record deal just give me my props How many muthafuckas you know keepin it hot [Mystikal] Believe it or not, keepin my spot locked I got more season than the seafood out the gumbo pot Now run your mouth and lose your slot (I'm Lowdown) I make em feed for me like junk is fever one more rock(Tease Me) Ain't this some shit I'm famous and rich (Huh Bro) I got bitches I ain't even Fucked claiming my dick If thats how it is, I guess we gone see Is this all about that big truck and U.T.P [Chorus and Ad Libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Tarantula Song: Pussy Crook Typed by: Paulsnum1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Officer] Callin all cars, callin all cars Be on the look out for a pussy vandalism. Over A pussy bandit Suspect is known in many states for dickin yo woman. Over He is dangerous, be on the look out [Mystikal] I knock the muthafuckin pussy off the hook Huh, I take the face off the rapper fuckin with the punch master The tight line sharp shooter, the handsome assassin Cuss word expert You don't know nothing bout this Come on mamma and get cha something braid it up pimpin I make a shy cryin bitch start swimming Take it off Put cha legs up, see if I can touch the kitty Fuck it fuck it suck it 200 dollars, bitch that ain't nothing (hurry up and buy) Show me what cha working wit But if ya pussy smellin shrimpy Ho, get yo fuckin shirt and shit Somebody better stop her, she runnin round this bitch ha pussy smellin like Red Lobster That's the type of Bitch ya don't touch Some hoes you can look at but the rest don't Fuck! [Hook] Dick don't fail me now (huh huh) I knock the coochie lining out (thas right) If I hit it one time ya hooked (and thas it) They call me the pussy crook (give it up) Dick don't fail me now (huh huh) I knock the coochie lining out (thas right) If I hit it one time ya hooked (and thas it) They call me the pussy crook (break ya self) [Verse 2] Somebody tell me the woman complaining talking bout I'm too sexual But leave me alone with her, betcha I could sex the hoe Fuck you like I ate my vegetables Knock it down for an hour and a half and still got dick left the door	 The MAN RIGHT CHEA!!!! Fuck you on the floor and still shake the chandelier I got it caught again somewhere Stop that fuckin runnin and bring that ass over here Bitch touch yo toes Touch that wall work that pole What you doin after 2 AM? In the Horetel Gotta give ya whatcha came for Waste hittin wash it off then face hittin manojetwas I stay getting If you can't work it then don't flirt If you got them little bitty titties don't raise yo shirt  I sort em out and some ain't stayin Take them fuckin thongs off Don't here wit no plan I cut cha up when I'm climmin on ya Throw it at cha like I'm a phenomenon [Hook] Dick don't fail me now (huh huh) I knock the coochie lining out (thas right) If I hit it one time ya hooked (and thas it) They call me the pussy crook (give it up) Dick don't fail me now (huh huh) I knock the coochie lining out (thas right) If I hit it one time ya hooked (and thas it) They call me the pussy crook (break ya self) [Verse 3] What the fuck you mean yo period done you can't gimme no lovin? Shit, it's time for Funky fire boo hole pluggin She said "I never done that stuff" I said " Well let me talk you through it, get the KY jelly" Put a hump in yo back baby quit movin yo leg get loose and relax lady She was actin all timid But the next thing you know she was humpin back wit me I was all the way up in that ass I was hard like a horse she still wanted to do it fast 2 hours and no part still talking bout "DON'T STOP OHHH LORD" Hook: (repeat 2x) Dick don't fail me now (huh huh) I knock the coochie lining out (thas right If I hit it one time ya hooked (and thas it) They call me the pussy crook (give it up) Dick don't fail me now (huh huh) I knock the coochie lining out (thas right) If I hit it one time ya hooked (and thas it) They call me the pussy crook (break ya self) [Officer] Callin all cars, callin all cars, suspect last seen headed east on I10 toward New Orleans. Over Be advised he is armed with dick, and striking good looks. Over The suspect is in a big truck excursion or escalade or something shit he is in a big truck. Be on the look out leave all pussy inside [Mystikal] Gimmie this motherfuckin money. Yall motherfuckers ain't go never catch me The only thing yall gone catch is this DICK!! You motherfucker This a motherfuckin nother KLC SMASH!! You motherfucker Mystikal medicine Man Big truck nigga. Over. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Tarantula Song: Ooooh Yeah Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] Oooh ooh yeah, ooh oooh ooh yeah yeah Clap-clappin' that-clappin' that ass, clap-clappin' that-clappin' ass, that ass Wop-woppin' that-woppin' that ass, wop-woppin' that-woppin' that ass, that ass Oh oh oh oh yeah, oh oh oh oh yeah [Mystikal] Smokin' and fuckin' is some of my habit Fo' the grilly hand had come take up for my daddy A shot off in the kitchen jump but didn't get married Still I'm lovin' takin' bowp keepin' them happy I do what it takes with the pills and the paint Just to keep my black ass off of minimum wage I went from stu-stutter, to shake it like a dog I might not eat yo' pussy but I bite you on yo' drawers It ain't my fault but go 'head tho' I can't return the favor but mo' head ho' I'm tappin' at them tonsels at the back of yo' throat Snap it on wet it up let it go in slow Ooh stroke it suck or leave it alone Mo' dick ain't nothin' but meat and the bone You better not let your momma hear you sing that song Eat it up sweat it up and lil' daddy gone, gone [Hook] [Mystikal] Well look at you, you flirtin' with this pimpin' ain't yo' I seen you pstin' winkin' at me when you grabbed yo' ankle Ah she can't sang, but g-strings hangs And it don't take no Ricky Martin to know that she bang Wobble that ass, and show yo' tits Fo' a bitch to be that fine don't make no sense Them ho's hatin' but she gettin' the money nothin' Bouncin' off her booty but fifty's and hundred's  Ooh, flip 'em the bird if you gettin yo' serv and then hit this fuckin' dick and kick them ho's to the curb Look at them hips, look at them thighs It could make a grown man temperature rise She stoppin' traffic and she do it on purpose Got niggas jumpin' out their car to see them bop in the circle She makin' me hot, I'm makin' you rich Take this fuckin' money and back up on this [Hook] [Mystikal] This for my bitches in the backseat of them cars Know how to ride a dick, and pack the gards After she had a daquiry that's when she called me Talkin' hot comin' from the bachelorette party But really what happened she probably won't tell me Now she want her pussy tapped hard knock out I'll help her I'm supposed to be the broad ain't that some shit So I went ahead and drove her off, ain't that a bitch She shakin' 'er leg and makin' the bread Ah she good with her mouth so nigga look out She servin' them heads you heard what I said Around and 'round she knockin' 'em down Wherever is crackin' then that's where she be and guess what if that's what she like then that's alright with me Because-a, she bring it to me, in the night and the day She supposed to have a baby from me that's what they say [Hook 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Byou2ful Album: Tarantula Song: Big Truck Driver Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mystikal] Whaaa, wassup nigga? This for my niggas in them Big Trucks This for all my niggas in them SUV's, you heard me? This for my Big Truck Drivers, look nigga blow yo' Big Truck Horn You still could see me in my Big Truck boy Smilin' like a lil' kid when I spin the corner with my brand new toy I got 'em parkin they cars, talkin 'bout They wish I never would've came out the garage But, I guess that's too bad Cause your truck used to be the shit until they saw mine pass Strobe lights flash, solar baric *boom boom* Big feet ten runnin' while they *vroom vroom* Another SUV can't do nothin' wit' me I'm 23's so 22's ain't fuckin' with me Car so big it make it hard to turn the wheel I can't watch the T.V.'s from the sturrin-wheel Shit, plush stronger than the buckskin ceiling Chocolate tan interior really big truck grill Yeah, that's how you do that there Got bling and bass, everything clean but the ash-tray [Hook: Byou2ful] (Mystikal) I'm lookin' at you behind the wheel singin' this song (I'm a Big Truck Driver) In the big ol' truck, with the big ol' grill rollin' on big ol' chrome (I'm a Big Truck Driver) And you know when you pass those small trucks you doin' them wrong  (This is for my riders Big Truck Drivers  Even on a bad day everything clean but the ash-tray) [Mystika] Dark lights with brights, the dark windows with the pistols in the hot spots fuckin' well right So when you bitches try to act hype I get the gat get the gat cause niggas don't fight When you get to Ruby Tuesday's then make a right at the light And you might catch my rims will-millin' 'round night light I played a Jag' 'round rags, and now Excursion and Escalade 'round upscale The Range Rove's don't even get used Til it's time for Rhythm City or either House of Blues My niggas wit' me at your seat to pick my friends up My brother Reece in a motherfuckin Benz truck Fresh light don't need no buffin' Just call a homie where I'm at, west coast custom Put it on a trailer and ain't no rushin' Cause when I get it back y'all ride can't touch it [Hook] [Mystikal] Ain't no slack in my mack, rollin' slow the windows down they recognize me so you know how they act Cuttin' up fallin' out tryin' to flirt and get nasty Raisin' shirt showin' titties talkin' 'bout autohgraphs I try my best to keep my fans happy I sign my name I grab the nipple they pull off and start laughin' Then it's back through the hood, tryin' to find somethin' good And after that I'm on my way to Baton Rouge I knew that I'm on course at all time And I love grindin' like alcoholics love sweet creamy and wine 2002 and you dodgin' me now Big Truck gonna come up ain't no holdin' us down Grab eyes, turn heads, stop traffic My black Big Truck half match my Big Truck jacket Do shows and get paid when I travel stay busy it be gone Now this a Big Truck Driver [Hook 2x] [Mystikal] I'm a Big Truck Driver, I'm a Big Truck Driver This is for my riders Big Truck Drivers Even on a bad day everything clean but the ash-tray The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Tarantula Song: Smoke One Typed by: Bell6828@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Mystikal talking] The Medicine man. Oh yeah. Smoke One Yeah. This that shit nigga that you smoke off. This the one I know y'all flipping through this shit the CD and shit. This the one nigga This yo' chance right NA. Ya' know? Get all items that you need to get yo' mutha fuckin blunt rolled nigga. Get ya' papers, what ever the fuck, lighters. Y'all know what y'all need. Huh bra? This what I want y'all to do: (Chorus) Light something, burn something, smoke something, roll one. Light something, burn something, roll something, smoke one nigga. Light something, burn something, smoke something, roll one nigga. Light something, burn something, roll something, smoke one nigga [Mystikal talking] Man hit the mutha fucking weed bra. You playin' wit' the mutha fuckin' weed. do do do do at the doe. Hit this bitch. Mutha fucking roll back. Nigga make a roll back. Mouth to the nose, roll back. I smell smoke. Oh, say nigga when you roll the weed up make sho' there ain't no sticks or stems. [Mystikal] Put the fire in the wind, then forget about how you roll Skinny at the end, fat in the middle, long as you smoking Don't worry about how the bitch look, gotta hold in it stick pocking out That ain't nothing pass that bitch, put ya finger over it hit it wit ya' mouth I bet it pull, hit this shit I betchu' get full I don't fuck with that dry, that's good for yo' ass I told ya' that's fire Stick, aloud, expensive, light light green don't touch no brown Ya' can't stand up, ya' eyelids feel about 200 pounds Mouth dry as the fuck, yeah this bitch hea' high as a duck Ready to leave, but can't go nowhere 'cause looks like ya' stuck Now get off the floe' You don't know what you pull so don't try this no me Stop that frontin', and if you can't handle it then give me my dope Nothing but bud, tastein' no seeds Swallow that shit, nigga you wastein' the weed You don't know what I got, nothing but dro' I'm to hold back y'all this about ten time I'm bout to start smokin' (Chorus) [Mystikal talking] Moving in slow motion, moving in slow motion, moving in slow motion, moving in slow motion. I got some more man. That bionic-chronic. Yeah nigga, this the smoking one. fa -sho. Boy just smoke something nigga. And uhhhhh, how many mutha fucking times is y'all nigga gonna be waiting for another verse? Man, when is y'all gonna learn? This the smoke something man. You ain't gotta know all that bra. Know what I'm talkin' about nigga? Smoke something. Smoke something. Smoke something. Yes indeed. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal  Album: Tarantula Song: Alright Typed by: Babygi504@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Who Alright Who Uh Alright Who I see uhh, y'all don't understand huh Alright But, let me see if I can uhh (who) Make it a lil mo clearer for y'all Can't walk on water or jump over buildings or nothing But I was the first to get ya hurt and get the fuck out rapper  So pay attention to what I put on the chalkboard I'm the start of the concrete The lyrical lawnmower You can say this the house I built Off'a shit bitch fuck dat Non filt ba'dat-tat-tat Boom boom boom Your Louisiana number one Zorro of the two boom Get caught Roll thru Hold back Come short Go gold Fall off Fuck dat I told ya I was coming back harder and I meant that shit Yea I mad a couple million dollars last year But I spent that bitch Like martin Luther king ya'll project jealous And ya want me killed Like the white man from town Got me on the scope But I won't stand still Cause I put the haaa-o in da hot sauce And the jaguar with the top off See I started it CHORUS Who, who, who, who, who, who MYSTIKAL! Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright See I started it Who, who, who, who, who, who BIG TRUCK! Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright JIVE RECORDS! Verse 2 And I do not like to promote violence Or diss other artists or nothin' But I'm faithful to gumbo And it's killed to be killed The game Jack knife Cutthroat Let it rip Don't hold back shit Nigga say what ya feel, Fa eva It's graphic and explicit But I be rappin' up in dis bitch That's how I do it when I kick it And who-eva it is that complain Only reason you got somethin' to say if I'm late Cause I'm the only reason you came This is for the grown folks And if you don't like what I'm doin' You can suck my daddy long stroke Been crunk Been trunk tight Those was the school days Gamma Phi Kappa Si If ya stumble  They don't see ya nigga Play it off But if they disrespect you  Front ya Take they head off So this is what it's come to Don't give a fuck Nigga what Nigga who CHORUS Verse 3 I thought I heard you talkin' shit And you ain't got nothin' out So nigga fuck where you come from Nigga fuck what you talkin' 'bout Heads rolled Less bread I'm talkin' my way Some'o bitch ass nigga with somethin' to say I' on think ya'll know how serious I be And how real I be getting' when I be up in here kickin' dis shit I guess I'mma have to show you Take a picture No sympathy See my face and remember me CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Tarantula Song: I Get it Started Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist Redman: Yo, I need to wait Mystikal: Tarantula, tarantula, boof!, handle yo' bidness then nigga Redman: Mystikal waddup nigga! Mystikal: Whaa', wassup dog! Method Man: Funk Doctor in this mother-fucker Redman: Right he-eere Method Man: And I'm shitty ass Meth, and we gone do what the fuck we gotta do  [Chorus: Mystikal] I get it started for you, I get it started for you Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me I get it started for you, I get it started for you Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me [Method Man] Yo, yo, yo.. If school was pussy, I wouldn't miss a day Big John Jay slay around the way, fish fillet Taste the truth, ay' no more lies like Ms. Chilet Keep my kids frost like they was born in east L.A. Told yo' buy yo' weed by the ounce, twins lets bi-dounce That shit they talkin' don't add up, I say what get down Can't stop drop, can't flock, most of all I can't stop Wreck my hand-cuffs and fightin' bullies in the sandbox Method-cal, Mystikal, Oh yeah that's my man Doc' Whoopin' she shoulders, WHA!, hit you with the lamb chop Throw 'em up, slow 'em up, like the wic blow 'em up Chick showin' butt, half of y'all ain't even know nuts Cause I'm, I'm comin' dirty like duzum Come on, like Buzz Lightyear lets get our buzz on The ladies in the club, like "where the dollars at?" They babies be at home like "where my momma at?" [Redman] When the twins track on, you can't talk you bark on it Doc's yo' walf on it, sometimes get lost on it  America's Most No Time a Car woman Timberland's and Nike Air's in the fog runnin' We job huntin', with no I.D.'s Plus my coke carry all the minerals I need I'ma flow top speed, my crew fight it out like in-door hot beat, it's war when I bleed Sugar come here, throw that ass in the air I leave blood guts and, broken glass everywhere I write with "bear" hands, but I'm a gorrilla Broke out the zoo, with Mystikal and my nigga Fuck y'all for wrong me, I'm inside of a Ridder With fat chicks arguing, Who's body is bigger? I'ma get my smoke on, I'ma get my freak on Rims get they poke on, here's some more dope to choke on [Mystikal] I get it started for you, Soon as I get'cha cause I know that you was waitin' for me, I know that you was waitin' for me So when you come you better, have your fuckin' back cause  You know it could get ugly for me, you know it could get ugly for me I tried to tell you but your ass didn't want to listen so bitch Now I got to show you somethin', now I got to show you somethin' It's capital M-Y-S-T-I-K-A-L you mother-fucker, L you mother-fuckcer No pussy my temple band, no weed or my nerves shot, no money no concert concert You don't get no deposit back, man these niggas can handle that who in the fuck is you playin' wit', playin' wit' I'm sorry it can't change, you probably can't hang the sounds I like James, HEY! I rap fast and kick ass, and kiss my ass Mystikal, Redman, Method Man, nigga Yeaaaaaah! [Chorus 2x] [Mystikal] Whoo! Freestyle session nigga I'm jumpin' the mother-fuckin' south if you ain't hype, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: Tarantula Song: Go 'Head Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mystikal] I was at the mall, and this girl passed me by so I like her booty she said hey boy That's when I made my move I jammed up and jammed re-over there by the baby shoe I said you got a chiled huh She said yeah he live in Bogaluga out there by my momma Give me yo' number and I hit you when I make it home And after I take a bath I'll catch up wit'chu later on That's exactly what I did We went to the movies got some eatin' back to the crib  Being a man you know I'm thinkin' about hittin' somethin' She said this you nice but this the first date you ain't gettin' nothin' That's alright cause I respect your mind It ain't no rush cause I'mma get you next time We ain't got no beef, we ain't got no quarrel You likin' me tonight, but you gone lovin' me tomorrow [Hook: P. Williams] I said go 'head, go 'head and move it baby You've got 'em watchin', go 'head and do it honey You've got 'em comin' now, you've got me watchin' baby So don't you stop it baby, you got me so.. [Mystikal] Must be my baby cause I seen her everyday this week And when we made love you know we went meat to meat I think I'm headed for a Love Jones This one hear supposed to be a jam not a love song Girl you got me humpin' and don't ask me what I'm doin' cause I'm thinkin' 'bout my pumpin' They call her pumpkin' cause she workin' with somethin' I call her bia' cause she carryin' my youngin' I made her Cavalier a Navigator, and put baby momma on a Jaguar bling I for you and me for me She built like a stripper I don't need to cheat And when it's late she's always inside Under the cover behind her cuddled up wit' her And since we met you been the love of my life We ain't married but we call eachother husband and wife [Hook] [Mystikal] We always home and all we do is laugh together Even watchin' T.V. takin' baths together Went through the sunny and the nasty weather My feelin' short so I ain't have to tell ya' And I would never try and use you I care too much to hurt you, and need you too much to lose you We have mo' babies than my cousin' Weebie I'm goin' be yo' King Tut you goin' be my Nefa Teenie Tell me what you say to that I be coming home from work sayin' where my ol' lady at And you come runnin' from the back room And you know how much I love to see you when you wear a cat suit Now give me what I want want I say where them trishes at I took 'em by the mall mall You make me feel like a man, cause you can't get enough Girl you got it you got it bad [Hook 2x] [P. Williams] (Mystikal) I said go 'head, (move it) You've got 'em watchin' You've got 'em comin' now (watch it) So don't you stop it baby (stop it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Tarantula Song: That's That Shit Typed by: JAZPYT3@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Shit Shit Mystikal That's That Shit 1. (1x) That's the reason the bitches be trying to get the worm out the zipper That's the reason niggas gon' have to learn that I'm the ripper I scrape up crumbs and turn 'em into nickels Then bounce 'em into dimes then I turn 'em into flippers I can't do my rhymes like you do yo rhymes cause it isn't You can't make your shit try to sound like mine cause it isn't I run right at the top of the line, get your mind right nigga Murder was the case cause I shine at night nigga The man with the braids in his hair, two tounged live nigga Let him fire nigga, I ride with five niggas Live from the west, bring it back home Ducked off in the Bonneville, blowing up the zone Roamin', cutting up on my cell phone Hundred miles per hour in the wind and I'm gone Watch them jails find the twenty inch wheels twirls Hoes hatin' in the back, fuck 'em girl I stand up like a pit, swingin' my big dick Take a picture, feet stickin' like scotch tape bitch I swear to God I'll fuck over yay yay Have you sitting on your porch, gettin' pushed in your rocking chair 1. That's That, That's That (How should I put it?) That's That, That's That ewwww That's That, That's That (Watch it sucka, muthafucka!) That's That Shit (2x's) I come in to put my two cents on a two inch I'm tearing down the fuckin' building and the blue prints, any sign of intrudence Come your ass down here and ask them who the fool is Raise your hand and talk to the teacher, no, students, students I like to sing a about the boota and the tooters Smoke the purple bubble gum, merge crazy blue vooda Ya'll past tense, I'm the black prince ruler Sharp shooter, chopatula to talula Point blank bitch, gone, gone Full blast turning up the water all the way on Hi, my name is, Mystikal I handle my business, deliver my lyrics ever since I hit the door When I come around in this muthafucka your arms fall off You can't touch me, your jaw break, you can't say nothing Fuck around and let my second wind kick in I better be makin' it sound like the booty that the dick went in Bitch! 1.(2x's) That's That, That's That Shit That's That, That's That shit bitch thats that, thats that watch it sucka muthafucka! thats that shit that's that thats that thats that thats that ewwww thats that thats that watch it sucka muthafucka! thats that shit that's that that's that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Any Given Sunday soundtrack  Song: Jump Typed by: NMH738TLA@aol.com (Mystikal's human door opening) Poof, oh no not you, fuckin right bitch Uhh, what uhh poof fuck, jump round jump C'mon jump, jump, jump round, jump jump I ain't got no more answers left, bitch i rap it all You just ain't gonna have no more head after I snatch it off What in the fuck is you thinkin? You can't do shit if you stankin!!! Keep on thankin if I say it then it's done I give a fuck what you bringin Because my ????? elbows be swingin You here those fuckin choppers cuttin niggas, run nigga!!! Hike nigga, hut what Nigga want some?! Ain't nothin for ya represent where i come from Front son, brown blood, I'll lay all of you down son!!! Recognize a fuckin killa when you be around 'em Values and ????? Sterroids and alcohol still a fuckin athlete Cock strong with my jock strap on with the time clock  Bout to run the rock home Yo ace brew crew and a hole in the clutch and a pocket on the field And the down gets touhed!!!! Chorus 2x: Uh oh here I come, here I go,uh oh, jump round jump!!!      Watcha wanna do?!      Watcha gonna do?!      Let me know girl, jump, jump!!! You can tell by the style of losin I got all of my adveseries cruisin for a brusin with contusions Cuts, atserations, broken bones, and open soars Ripped spleans, sprained ankles, and broken noses I bust the microphones i flip on!!! I step on the stage and get my grip on That's when you get you get the skip on!! It's on and I'm the shit homes!!!! I fucked around and lost count of bitches I put the dick on My ????? And I'm cool when I talk to P They fuckin call me the home-town hero Im the center of attention The topic of the discussion It's understood they already know with out me sayin nothin It's been like that since these niggas been down here wearin badges I'm off the heasy!!!!! I'm the reason for this pimp rap!!! So I stumble over myself sometimes like I ain't got no mind I said fuck it dawg I'm over the crowd like the goal-line!!!!!!!! Chorus Nigga you just like ten yards  Always the fisrt down Be the first muthafucka off the bus and the last nigga to clown Ol' sometime ass nigga ol' fake regular regular everyday common ass  No drama ass nigga I keep these niggas sippin' on super dick and advil Punch 'em in their muthafuckin ass and keepin it that real Ain't nothin you can do to keep a nigga off the score board It's fourth and four  FUCKIN RIGHT IM GONE!!!! Chorus:4x Jump, round, jump Jump, Jump Jump, round, jump watcha wanna do watcha gonna do JUMP,JUMP!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Blade Soundtrack Song: The Edge of the Blade Typed by: dirty_south_hustla@hotmail.com Intro: [Mystikal] Man I got something to tell you I don't know how to explain it But I'm different (crazy) Naaaaa....aight I'm, I'm, I'm not like you I'm not like others It's like I've been here before [Verse 1] 504 is the domain I don't sang My rhyme go bang Nigga, ain't in the place get a flame and ya act like propane No sweat, no blood, no pain, no gain (Blade) No cards, no deal, no dice, no game, no thangs I'm givin you bitches something vicious Now I'm partin the pieces like porcelain dishes I'm dirty I get all the way down in the ground witch WHAT Memorize, take a picture, nigga write a book, I don't give a fuck I'm blended bile, ground rip up Darem here They down to give up Nigga you underneath, me out my entrance Off by inches I can count a hundred thousand pennies Help me center Look at that, look at that, look at that, get back I get that respect like that gatlin bitch whats happen I rip tracks and pop tables I'm so popular they just got the rock I spread Time I got a blunt what I said (Blade) I gets pride cus I'm from round where the crocodiles play (singing) ??? gonna be none that I make em' say Aww give it to me don't be that way I'm tellin ya from cuttin ya tellin what the music I've been doin this shit I'm highly trained on how to use it Start checkin somebody bout the prospective Passes are selective maximum effectiveness Brain celftic Brown completic It just don't get no ??? I'll perfect it Yall niggas couldn't pop a rubber band on my parade Choppin and slicin with the edge of the blade Chorus: The blade (x 24) (clip from movie) Blade: There are worse things out tonight than vampires Girl: Like what? Blade: Like me [Verse 2] I turn a sucka into supper Got suffer Mighta hada enough Thats why I cus (come on fucker) I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired They can't hide from the pain cus the noise don't stop They don't stand a ghost of a chance but the try One side of my mind tell me to get the other say let em' ride Even when a couple of hundred years gone by They still gonna bite and I'm still gonna fly Yes....five fingers around their necks I'll run through your back and come out your chest You movin to fast you forgot to pace your self Aww shit here it comes nigga brace your self Oh my goodness Don't worry I'ma getcha no matter how I put it Imitates, I'm limit, tall limit, tell it (Blade) Let me finish hedgehog and answer fella You would if you could but you dont get up off And I'm the hand on tha hammer on the nail in the coffin I'm marchin to a different drummer At the head of the parade I'm the edge of the blade Chorus (x32) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal & Moby Album: Blade 2 Soundtrack Song: Gettin' Aggressive (Mowo! Remix) Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com * * send corrections to the typist I'm feelin aggressive Can't eat, can't sleep I'm tired of this hemp Sick of this hemp Can't eat, can't sleep I'm tired of this hemp Sick of this hemp Can't eat, can't sleep I'm gettin aggressive That's why I'm feelin aggressive This gon ? Sick of this hemp Tired of this hemp I'm feelin aggressive Ooh that's why I'm feelin aggressive This gon ? Sick of this hemp Tired of this hemp Shift heels move ? you got this many cats It's a news column can't eat can't sleep Don't look don't talk Tired of this hemp, sick of this hemp Can't eat, can't sleep Tired of this hemp, cross ? make your whole world ?? Gettin aggressive Ooh that's why I'm gettin aggressive This gon' ? I'm sick of this hemp Tired of this hemp Feelin' aggressive Ooh that's why I'm gettin' aggressive It just don't ? I'm sick of this hemp I'm tired of this hemp That's why I'm feelin aggressive Ooh that's why I'm gettin' aggressive It just don't ? Sick of this hemp Tired of this hemp I'm feelin aggressive Ooh that's why I'm gettin aggressive It just don't ? I'm sick of this hemp I'm tired of this hemp Come around and show your face if you wanna If you wanna, I'm tired of this hemp ???, I'm sick of this hemp, I'm tired of this hemp That's how this ? move in silence Stop the violence ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home ?? make it home It's off at your hip whenever I throw In the story that's it lights out shot close I'm feelin aggressive, that's why I'm gettin' aggressive Just don't taste, sick of this hemp, tired of this hemp I'm feelin aggressive, that's why I'm gettin' aggressive Just don't taste, sick of this hemp, feelin aggressive In the story that's it lights out shot close The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: No Limit Soldiers f/ Mystikal Album: No Limit Soldiers: We Can't Be Stopped Song: I Ain't Playin Typed by: ruffryder_1@yahoo.com, mystikal_22@soldiermail.com (Mystikal) I aint playin! (Huh) Yall see me enter this motherfucker SHUT THE FUCK UP I aint playin (He aint playin) (Tell him nigga) Talk shit behind my back (But when they see me, they don't wanna see me) I aint playin (I aint playin wit you bitches) I aint playin wit you bitches BACK yo ass (woooh) FUCK UP Gimme some fucking room to put my gold plaque up I fucked all dat up ROLIN I break these fuckin bitches back open And watch me turn my dreams realistic Dat kinda would make you wear black armour or may handset yo picnic I'm drinkin but I'm still thirsty Madder than a motherfucker dats why I'm cursing Said I'm up here but when I'm live and in person Whippin yo ass from over to the clothes to the curtain To each and every other rapper I'm a burden I keep'em hearin me cause I'm smooth like (?) YALL niggaz washed up like the turd SO! Goin straight for your motherfuckin throat The rhymes that I wrote Playin is goin to get you fucked up Bout to let you bitches know (Chorus) I aint playin wit u (I aint playin wit you bitches) I aint playin wit you bitches (He aint playin he aint playin) I aint playin wit yo bitch ass I aint playin I aint playin with you bitches I aint playin (I aint playin wit yo bitch ass) (Huh) (I aint playin) (Whatchu told me?) I thought I fucking told you Bitch don't you ever Think because I'm handsome I'm mild mannered That you can damn me think my style aint standard Fucking wit the man gone get you man handled Mixing my boot camp name up in scandals and slenderness Dats the reason niggas got tossed off the stage in Atlanta Niggas be actin like they hard to understand It's bout time for niggas to represent New Orleans, Louisiana And them steel toe boots gone stomp yo ass  One hundred some odd niggaz ready to jump yo ass STOMP yo ass way past the grass motherfuckers run up but they don't last I make a lot of cash and you others bought a (?) Rabbit eyes couldn't see me threw a magnifying glass I was born in jazz and I shine like brass... (But what?) (what?) But I aint playin wit yo bitch ass (Chorus) Like class card I aint s-s-studdin it Dat don't mean I'm bout to take yo shit though motherfucker (hell no) I can see it in yo face you can see me comin You insecure and jealous Actin bad with yo woman Already don't got yo money Can't take shit from me try yo best to put your meanest face on from me But I don't need you bitches cause you bad company The only way you don't get stomped stay the fuck runnin from me This motherfuckers coming up lovely These niggaz cannot run me on nuttin (aint dat something I'm) Tight as a button the album cussin the Whooole fucking up dat nigga and use words like a deadly weapon Grab these motherfuckers by they thumb (Owww) Ball yo stupid ass up and make yo ass look (dumb) Do pass where I'm standin knaw wha' I'm sayin? When I fuck that (?) you betta tell'em I aint playin! (Chorus) I aint playin wit u I aint playin (He aint heard me) I aint playin Fuck! I'm tired of this shit Rappin motherfuckers All them niggaz tryin to use my name to sell there tape I aint playin I aint playin wit you bitches It aint that I don't want to motherfuckers But I aint got time to Bitch I aint playin I aint playin.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Nivea Album: Danger (Been So Long) 12" Song: Danger (Radio Edit) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * features an extra verse not on the album [Mystikal] Mmm, mmm, mmm You know what time it is (radio) and you know who this is DANGER! DANGER! Get on the flo'! The villain right chea; sing it! [Chorus: Nivea] Been so long (sing it!) Since, he's been on So please (get on the flo'!) Show me (the villain right chea!) What it is that you want to see [Mystikal] Go tell the DJ to put my hit on I'm keepin the fellas and women a jumpin from the minute I get on Takin they shirt off, showin they tattoos,  screamin and hollerin and all Got the gift to come up with it, put it together, deliver it, make them feel it, look I been on! Sharp! Like you pulled me out the pencil sharpener Bad! Like that student in the principal's office Put rappers in coffins, they dive like dolphins I'm the damndest lyrical marvel you come across often So watch yourself! Or mess around and get beside yourself, I know! Go head though.. bounce 'em, shake 'em, drop that {**} Stay in line though Forget a cain't, because you can can Cocked up or head down, {**} poppin on a handstand that leave that nucca smokin If you gon' do somethin then bend over, and bust it open [Chorus] - 2X [Mystikal] Yo I hope my concert line around the corner Parkin cars, fellas forget it, girls nuttin on her You lookin good momma - Why? Pshh, what's up homie? Sirens, limousines, and the club owner - ya trick you! If you late, ain't no gettin up in heah, cause it's fillin up Inside packed from the flo' to the ceilin up The buildin ain't big enough! I'm backstage bouncin adrenaline buildin up! The nucca cutter, did I stutter? The heart flooder, make your woman drawers melt like butter Down like Nelly, I'm +Hype+ like "Belly" The rhyme seller! Take off like Jim Kelly! Stand up, round out, boot up and frown Tell somebody if they wanna try it then boy come on down! No sweat, no blood, no tears And if I tell you it's a hit then THAT'S JUST WHAT IT IS! [Chorus] - 2X [Mystikal] I wanna see these fake rappers get off the mic Get in my room, you crowd my space, they got you all in my light Watch out mayne! I'm rippin 'em solo, I jump from the shelf they records sell no mo' Throw lyrical bolos, and head busts, and rhyme elbows So get off me! Tip-toe out slow but softly Hurry up, you might not be able to do that shorty {??} entertainer The whole crowd screamin out, "DANGER! DANGER!" [Chorus] - 2X [Mystikal] DANGER! DANGER! Get on the flo'! The villain right chea! Sing it! DANGER! DANGER! Get on the flo'!  The villain right chea! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Dangerous Ground Soundtrack Song: Mr. Shittalker Typed by: Ltsjet@aol.com Diaherrea mouth muthafucka, Talk shit constantly, Talk so much shit....wipe my mouth with toilet paper... First Verse: WHO DAT? Think they talkin' more shit than Mr. Shit Talker? Run around, disgustin' muthafuckas make me get Foghorn, Don't make me pick your ass apart like a vulture, Next thing you know I be preparin' these rhymes for you like sculptures I thought the last seven would have taught'cha, I'm known for remarkable feats with my points in the tape recorder, Mystikal into MC Mad Slaughter, Standin' and I dropped a couple of rhymes and they dropped the charges, I ran 'em by deep margins, How dare you try to compare a fuckin' private to a FIRST SERGEANT? I come with more rounds than a hundred soldiers when they marchin', I make more noise than a yard of German shepards when they BARKIN', Spin the bin, it, will make heads split when they hear them, Shit you get flipped from this MACHINE GUN MOUTH NIGGA, My rhymin' skills be dirty if I wash'em, I keep pepper on my tongue so approach me with CAUTION!!!! Chorus: That's MISTER!!!! Mr. Shit Talker You fuck with the old, And all of a sudden what make you think you can fuck with the new shit? That's, Mr. Shit Talker.... FOUL MOUTH SON OF A BITCH!!!!!!! MISTER!!!! Mr. Shit Talker You fuck with the old, And all of a sudden what make you think you can fuck with the new shit? That's, Mr. Shit Talker.... FOUL MOUTH SON OF A BITCH!!!!!!! Second Verse: I fly past ya like you're movin' backwards, You fuckin' good for nothin', no talent, non-rappin' bastard! I can tell you outta breath, like asthma, I can see clean through ya like CASPER!!! Done went from ordinary to spectacular Refuse me then I'm swingin' at you bitches til' I see the platinum, And I bet it make you mad, ha? Well brace your fuckin' self cuz it's about to be some shit now, Bet'cha I'ma make a foot a part of ya, Since you tryin' to kick some dust up, got to make it hard for ya, Slow ya down like you drinkin' booze, Started workin' in the studio all night LIKE IT'S THE THING TO DO!!! Opening act to main attraction, Therefore disrespect is not allowed no form or no FASHION! Sell my album and I'm still smashin', BLASTIN', Who the fuck that is, is what they askin'? Chorus Third Verse: I talk more shit than a LIL' BIT!!! Makin' it rough enough, y'all can sure feel it, Nigga be fussin' that bitch be feelin' faint, Just like a cheerleader I'm bout to (go, go) TO THE BANK!!! And watch, the baddest niggas even gonna shrink, Keep them bitches out my damned face like my breath stank, Starin' at niggas like wet paint, You done ran out of gas that's why your shit don't wanna drank, You hit the charts but you can't stay up, You want a contract, but you don't weigh up, Mic-clutchin', rhyme bustin', Ain't no fuckin' rushin', cuz I'm perfected to the percussion, Start to finish chorus to the verse, Bout to fight you niggas with FIRE so prepare yourself for the WORST! If I tell you to take precaution then you oughtta, You ain't heard it til' you heard it from MISTER SHIT TALKER!!!!! Chorus (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Murder, Mystikal Album: Foolish soundtrack Song: Runnin from the Police Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com Chours (C-Murder) Running from the police, they never capture me Running from the police, they never capture me Running from the police, they never capture me Running from the motherfucking police Verse 1 (C-Murder) The got a warrant on my head, wanna see me dead or alive Why, catch the news at five Roundin hundreds, pullin kickdoes, I'm poppin' no does I can't sleep unless I make it across the border Mexico, Cancoon, hope I make it soon On the beach with a freak looking at the moon  And the stars, cause the police cars got me spooked  Everytime I see the boys in blue I wanna run and get the gun and start bustin' for fun Hid in trees never waitin' on the outcome (outcome) Will I ever see the penn or will they ever capture me I don't know, I'm just running from the police Chours Verse 2 (Mystikal) I'm the nigga thats coming with the gun puttin them shots up, shots up Smoking dope and running from the police, nigga now watch out, watch out Uptown niggas to the downtown killas, handle your business, stealing niggas On my mind, cock it up, straight it bout to scare them niggas Till they grab me, then the bitch gon' frisk I say 'fuck business' and the bitch close this Huh, you roughed me up and that bitch they copped me up You bitches gon' have to straight up fuck me up just to shut me up Fuckin' right I got the gun, these niggas ain't playing Smell like weed because I've been smoking weed, what you sayin Man, so see I can't stand the five O Always fuckin' with somebody, then I'm broke Chorus  Verse 3 (C-Murder) Taz, taz on my motherfuckin' trail and it's hard Try to hide in the ride when I make it to the northside Dirty gat in the Lac with the broken tail lights If they catch me they gon' read me my rights Sike, many years, many felons, many two elevens Booquo stores they cause in the motherfuckin' murder charge My rap sheet is kind of long but I'm strong  Word is born, it all started when I listened to a rap song Hella blunts, gettin' blunted, never stunted Now I'm running like a dummy if it's sued in some fast money I gotta creep cause them motherfuckers after me And I'm running from the motherfucking police Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: Foolish soundtrack Song: That's That Shit Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com One, one, one, one, one. One, hear I go, mic check, here I go, mic check. One, one, one, one, one. That's that shit, that's that shit nigga, that's that shit.  (That's that shit) Ya'll smell that shit? That's that shit. That's the reason the bitches be trying to get the worm out the zipper That's the reason niggas gon' have to learn that I'm the ripper I scrape off crumbs and turn 'em into nickels Bounce 'em into dimes and turn 'em into flippers And I can't come around, like you do your rhyme, cause I'm different You can't make your shit sound like mine cause it isn't I run whether it's top of the line, get your mind right nigga Murder was the case cause I shine at night nigga The man with the braids in his hair, two tounged live nigga Let him fire nigga, I ride with five niggas Live from the west, bring it back home Ducked off in the Burnerville, blowing up the zone Strollin', cutting up on my cell phone Hundred miles per hour in the wind and I'm gone Watch them jails find the twenty inch wheels twirls Hoes hatin' in the back, fuck 'em girl I stand up like a pitch, swing the big dick Take a picture, feet stickin' like scotch tape bitch I swear to God I'll fuck over yay yay Have you sitting on your porch, gettin' pushed in your rocking chair I know you hear it, I know you hear it, I know you hear it That's that shit nigga I know you smell it, I know you smell it, I know you smell it That's that shit nigga I know you feel it, I know you feel it, I know you feel it That's that shit nigga I know you scared, I know you scared, I know you scared I come in the bitch to put my two cents on a two inch I'm tearing down the fuckin' building and the blue prints, any sign of  intrudence Tear your ass down, make that ass look foolish Raise your hand and talk to the teacher, no, students, students I like to sing a about the boota and the tooters Smoke the purple bubble gum, merge crazy blue vooda Ya'll past tense, I'm the black prince ruler Sharp shooter, I'm chopatula, to talula Point black bitch, gone, gone Full blast turning up the water all the way on Hi, my name is, Mystikal I handle my business, deliver my lyrics ever since I hit the door When I come around in this muthafucka your arms fall off You can't touch me, your jaw broke, you can't say nothing Fuck around and let my second wind kick in I better be makin' it sound like the booty that the dick went in That's that shit, that's that shit nigga Yeah, that's that shit Yeah, that's that shit nigga Yeah that's that shit Yeah, that's that shit nigga Yeah, I know you smell it, (I know you smell it) I know you smell it, that's that shit nigga I know you feel it, I know you feel it, I know you feel it That's that shit nigga I know you hear it, I know you hear it, I know you hear it That's that shit nigga Is you scared, is you scared, is you scared Cause that's that shit nigga I got that shit. That's that shit nigga. I keep that shit. I own that shit. That's my shit. Bitch, that's my shit. Uh, fucks wrong with you nigga? Bitch. Get the fuck off. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Mia X, KLC Album: I Got The Hook-Up! soundtrack Song: Shake Somethin' Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com Chorus: [KLC and Mystikal] Twerk somethin' Shake somethin' Twerk somethin' Shake somethin' Twerk somethin' Shake somethin' Bring that ass over here Twerk somethin' Shake somethin' Twerk somethin' Shake somethin' Twerk somethin' Shake somethin' Shake that ass over here [Mystikal] Oh You think I can't see you over there shakin' your ass Watchin' you bouncin' your tities, I almost dropped my glass I can't be trippin' on a big ol' booty I'm supposed to be a star When you see them tanks, you know who we are You on a mission with your pussy You after my papers, straight asshole naked on your way to my table So I played it cool, and tried to act surprised Knowin' damn well I've been watchin' this bitch from the side of my eye She looked my in my face and said "Don't I know your name?" You out the South, y'all bout it, you wanna get entertained? I said B, I'm not tryin' to be too much, but I'm chillin' tonight My mouth said no, my dick's sayin' fuckin' right Man fuck all that shit, I ain't bout to pay this woman to party Till she turned around, bent over, her pussy hung on my body Damn, you know what bro, this pussy might be worth somethin' Go ahead girl, handle your business Twerk somethin' Chorus X2 [Mia X] There's gonna have to be a whole lotta big bills wavin' in the air To make me shake it work it twerk it, take a nigga there To the sky, get 'em racked up Tryin' to have relations, dick at atten-hut What, what Whoa now daddy, love to love ya baby But you know you gotta pay me, prolly got a old lady And a few rug rats at home to feed But you tryin' to run that line What you think, you Gineuwine the bachelor I'll pass you like you don't exist And part my ass like the red sea, and tell you to kiss You be the same nigga known to get your fuckin' mack on And call the wife, it's so precise, and say you won't be back home Mama's sunshine all in your face with that southern wine  Rodeo style till your toes curl and I'll be Laying in the gap so picture perfect Now do you really wanna see a bitch twerk it? Chorus X 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal and Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: I Got The Hook-Up! soundtrack Song: Who Rock This? Typed by: souljasno@hotmail.com We got the hook-up Hook it up hook it up Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click [Ol'Dirty Bastard] Yo, yo, yo I demolish emcees in the south go south Sound few projects that really don't doubt Well as I remember I was 12 years old Didn't know about fronting or playing a role Yo thought I was slick, felt harder than bricks With my Mr. duh and my uptown kicks [Mystikal] Its my time to come in this bitch and put my foot down I'm getting ready to fitting knock your mothafucking door down Cause when Ol Dirty Bastard doing something you know its bout to go down All them motherfuckers that didn't know I bet they know now Bitch you better slow down before you get tore down The click I roll with, weak niggas can't go round (Ya'll what) Nigga we hot bring your ass to the ground OWWWW, hard to pronounce [Chous] Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click [Ol Dirty Bastard] Watch cha waiting thru your rap fatigues If the mc world was a minor league See would niggas cease where it is unique Tear itzzzz up from an old antique Don't inspect the project, bet on you frees Hardhead, startin that said siamese I never like rhymes that's incomplete Then again obsolete, shall I repeat Its an easy street for a nigga who earn Learn so dern and a nigga return Add intelligent, positive messenger Experiment negative Lucifer I'm intelligent so excellent Girls wanna talk to me I don't give you know hint Will I wait a moment give you a compliment Bitch do you think this is some sort of entertainment Forget about that, that's just experiment Damn a nigga blew a fuse off the things I invent Allow myself, my fresh reducement Better step to the left of the rap lightning There's no replacement for my supplement Of the new testament cause what I say is what I meant Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click [Mystikal] Motherfucker WOO SHIT I'm a stomp you bitch H-bomb on a nigga cause you can't do this When I pull up my bitch we all spray, bitch be gone its gone be on It'll be a motherfucking murderer on this microphone I ain't gone die no hoe BOY, I'm out the N.O I'm a 5-0-4 BOY, you a fucking fool I'M A 5-0-4 BOY, No Limit and WU I'M ROWDY ON THE FLOOR BOY Huh nigga what Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal Album: I'm Bout It Soundtrack Song: What Cha Think Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com Time to get with ya What ya think nigga Time to get with ya What ya think nigga I already done told ya niggaz Shit I showed y'all niggaz When I slaughtered ya niggaz This how I sold ya niggaz Bitch if ya put yourself in a fight Here me kick it I get flashlight how we get it with it specific and artistic Spare rhymes and rough drafts get it done tighter I stay clear you cut the war underwear I'll hold ya back nigga cause ya shystie When my blood start bubblin I get fystie Laced with cyanide hard education if somebody try to bite me Scratchy, flows come across hypely Closer than your fuckin icy Reaching my level is highly unlikely Precisely I'm the right king I be Why in the sam hell would you take it upon yourself to ever try me Got be suffering some type of fault or malfunction You don't want this situation to get both dangerous and rambunctious Why y'all be thinking about beef I be thinking bout big numbers On top of things running shit why you bitches going under If I take your ass on this track it'll probably defeat the purpose Cause that half ass material you putting out probably ain't gone never surface You harmless, you couldn't blow the bomb up Couldn't keep up the pace I set I'll whoop your ass with my warm-ups Entertainer rap composer and performer Map located on the southern corner I'm making the way like they at a parade Niggaz get fitted for graves for going for brave When them bullets get sprayed So I ain't no hangman no gang bang Shit, I'm trying to change things We stuck on the same thang Stealing draws from Les Unplauge Then I can go back to the trunks of cars of the upper esilonge Blunts and guns roll like M1s tasers Smoke weed all the way to the bank Nigga what the fuck you think What cha thank nigga [Verse-2] Fuck ya'll niggaz think bad lines and bad words serving their purpose Doing videos and movie soundtracks and tv commercials Independent, smoke herb Walking this thing throughout your suburb Got young niggaz switching suburbans The tempo I run when I run around like a tortoise Your mom say run when I hear they come ta get they titty slick and they pussies murdered Low down dirty Big old niggaz burn down the barn to make million dollar merges Never mix no bullshit with your business I'll snatch ya pull your head out ya ass that mothafuckin stay down there til I finish If I cut ya down I'm gone make you look bad I'm gone make them look at you the same way they look at the back of a dog's ass Hit it tell us, stomp through this mothafucka like elephants Swing though this bitch like apes and fly by you bitches like pelicans Playa haters are of no relevance I'm striving on intelligence And changing like them elements If you was up to my level I'd probably wail all on ya But you ain't bitch you bumb time don't tell on ya What the fuck you think its time to come up And profit off the shit we sell Rode the band with BL why I gotta chance to back up with KL Nigga next to me your shit be seeming fake You bests to move your fucking finger While I cuts my piece off the tank cake Move them ugly mothafuckas show me your mean face But stick your fingers in your mothafucking ears Cause these niggaz be dropping some mean bass Cause it ain't gone be no more after me It ain't no limit to these young black hustlers ask that nigga Master P It has to pe the paper if ya ask me man Ya'll niggaz know ya can't hang Nigga, what the fuck you think [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: TRU and Mystikal Album: Light it Up soundtrack Song: Light it Up Typed by: Smokey369369@aol.com [Master P.] (Hoody Hoo)Put this bitch on fire........ We dont need no water let the...house burn(ha-ha) Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Master P.] I wish my enemies fall, I put my name on the wall We like to hustle and ball, see we big and ya'll small Gimme the mic and imma tear the fuckin club up (Hoody Hoo) Hot Boys, and girls get buck Where you from? there they go..Who you wit? I dunno Bout to pull a kick door, everybody on the floor So twirk somethin nigga, Twirk somethin bitches How ya livin fool? I got ballin in the kitchen Ghetto star wit riches,Got gold on my dishes 20 inch when im dippin, got that thing I aint slippin Got a mansion when i'm dippin, call the doggs I aint trippin Holla if ya hear me, light it up if ya wit me(Hoody Hoo!) Chorus:  Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Silkk The Shocker] Yea, I did it did it..yea i hit it hit it Got bad involed..got cash involved,yea im wit it wit it Girls wit them (ha-ha) killas and bust ya guns Countdown..5-4-3-2-1 Here it now, do it right now suckas get down A bunch of thugs came in a club and told ya to get down Last year was love, and this year's hate(Hoody Hoo) Last year was luck, and this year's fate Last year I was good, but this year i'm great Last year was 7 figures, but this year's 8 N-O-L-I-M-I to the hype it up  Silkk the Shocker, yea thats me and imma light it up Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [C-Murder] I hit em up, you lit em up, so get em up, what up?  Huh bro? I light it up, so you can hype it up, at the club Show me love, we blazed to get paid, you cant faze Cuz ahh..i'm about two steps ahead Of the game, its a shame, how could you be so lame But don't blame me mayne, unless you going insane I say woah it aint my fault, you got caught And had to return, everything that you earned You hadda learn, you play to follow and might get burned You lit em up and hit em up, you shoulda waited your turn One time, Two times, when I hype it up(what, what) And just pass the blunt, so I can light it up.....Yeah Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Mystikal] They call me the black 12th ward prince when I hit the stage then the whole crowd get intense Jump the barracades, to see the man right chea, ooh shit Them bitches fightin they way to the front, tryin to get near Screamin and hollerin til they faint, to get a chance to touch my hand Then again, when they get that chance, all they do is grab my pants Pull my leg, and touch my dick, get onstage and hug me, And tell me how much they love my shit Don't tell no lie, them niggas get amped and their hands held high GO MYSTIKAL, GO MYSTIKAL, GO Without me, you aint shit, cuz the man said so Chorus: Hit em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up Get em up, hit em up, light em up, light em up [Master P]  Light em up...hit em up...believe... remember what you hear and half of what you see NO LIMIT runnin this for the 2000..ya heard me? Light it up, we'll burn it up if we hafta.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes, Dirtbag & Mystikal Album: Violator 3: The Album Song: Keep Doin' It * Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro - Male voice - talking] + (Female voice) (*echo*) (Keep doin it baby) This is a world premiere Uh oh, yeah, Cali talk to 'em Bring the beat back!, c'mon [Chorus - Male voice] + (Female voice) (Keep doin it baby) Yeah, Lighty we see you (Keep doin it baby) One-Eye, we see you too (Keep doin it baby) Busta, Dirtbag and ... Mystikal [Verse 1 - Mystikal] I'm in their motherfuckin trunk that got the rag on in the wheel Motherfucker come up with the money in the deal Swayed headliner, paint shinin with the grill Your on the curb lookin motherfucker, how you feel? See your boy plottin, talkin 'bout you got steel That's gonna get you popped, probably get your ass killed I see you little motherfuckers, up in it, can't chill I hear your heart pumpin brothers don't think it can't spill I came from Louisiana, bananas get peeled This ain't no propaganda, my knocker that's real Ain't promotin no violence, just encitin violence, nigga chill And if I said not to move, then you motherfuckers be still Chopper ain't in the driver's side, that a make your man yield Get your motherfuckin ass out the car, yeah you know the drill And from now on by conscious to who the fuck that you appeal Niggaz get ya, that's how they pay they motherfuckin bills down here [Chorus - Mystikal] + (Female voice) - w/ ad libs from Dirtbag Keep doin it (Keep doin it baby) Keep doin it (Keep doin it baby) Keep doin it (Keep doin it baby) (Keep doin it baby) (Dirtbag!) [Verse 2 - Dirtbag] Hey me and your misses sippin Crissy up in the clubs and Oh my god! judgin between a sud, huh I'ma gangsta, for you little slugs Shoulders your homie shrug When people askin "what's up" That's when I pull up, finish what I've done Jump in the car, flip the God and roll a blunt (yee!) You can't see, your boy's from Miami Ears like Sammy Sosa, bitch we're takin over Bags underneath my eyes, I ain't sleep in days I'm in the bushes with a K, your semi's gonna spray Eat mangos and grapes, as your body decay Bunny holes and yay, you had us in ninth grade Hey what can I say, alligator suflay Pele and Moet on the dawn of day We went from dead broke, to makin big millas Wife beater chinchillas, life can't get no realer, nigga [Chorus - Busta Rhymes] + (Female voice) (Keep doin it baby) Mystikal, Violator, c'mon (Keep doin it baby) Dirtbag, Violator, c'mon (Keep doin it baby) Busta-Bus, Violator Y'all must know how to make 'em Here we go, yeah, baba bap [Verse 3 - Busta Rhymes] This shit ain't over motherfucker, just wait a second God of this rap, it's only right that I end the record "Violator" nigga, with my knife I'll cut you up Violate "Violator" nigga, we fuck you up Don't you ever think or even try to confront on a tread Flipmode, Violator, known for just bustin your head Huh, watch the way we drop it, we ready and able In others words, your whole rap roster whack, give me your label Whenever, whatever, whoever be thinkin they better Test "Violator" man to merge five labels together Flow sick, so quick and it gives me the pleasure Got a lotta shit, flow switched like a change of the weather Throw on my high vein cause my rhyme clean The cop seen now you a big ride to came Well let me hal-swing, sing along, do your thing now Feel my sting, crown Busta-bus king now [Chorus - Busta Rhymes] + (Female voice) (Keep doin it baby) I'ma keep doin it baby (Keep doin it baby) We gon' keep doin it baby (Keep doin it baby) Check it, I'ma keep doin it baby (Keep doin it baby) [Outro - Male voice] Violator 3! DJ countin the door down and the big dog pitbull Terror Squad, shitonniggaz.com Let's go! (uh oh) Chris Lighty, I see you man Busta Rhymes, Mystikal, Dirtbag (c'mon) It's a Cool & Dre epidemic Who wanna test, c'mon Who wanna test, Violator 3 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal and Ras Kass Album: WWF Aggression Song: Game (Triple H Theme) Typed by: viperdude31@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Ras Kass I'ma do what I wanna do, when I do it Ain't nuttin that you can do, when I'm gon' do it Rap gane recognize the game and we came to bring the pain I'ma do what I wanna do, when I do it Ain't nuttin that you can do, when I'm gon' do it Rap gane recognize the game Mystikal, Ras Kass came to bring the pain [Mystikal] I got mo' anger than you got in yo' whole body in one arm and that's a threat to Triple H, three times the harm That's right, you face to face with a villain Any has-been, gets harassed and gon' feel the ??? Jump off roofs, land on backs Stomp on tongues, walk on necks, then I flex Crackin heads, I can't get no rest So many enemies, I don't know who to fight next - c'mon! I'd like to see you try to explain that to my, FIST.. .. why it's in yo' forehead! And if you really think you got what it takes  to step to the game, GO RIGHT AHEAD! Chorus [Ras Kass] The ghettofabulous Rat Pack, inner city NASDAQ Young savages, that don't know how to act Rebels without a gat, that pin you to the mat Got devils havin flashbacks of When Animals Attack In a world that's assed out, after I spaz out Mash til I cash-out, hit my coffin and blast out (Why?) Cause real riders still do real things I'm "The Man in the Iron Mask," break steel guillotines Name is Rass Kass, livin Burger King style Have it my way, all day, every day Drink smoke lay, the game and no play Straight out of L.A, baby - "Get in my bel-ly!" Protein diet (??) just another Watts riot "All the ugly people, be quiet!" The R-A-S K-A-Double-S, yes Snappin necks for some live effects Chorus [Mystikal] I don't like you.. and when I'm here and when I walk out (boooo) I see you don't like me too I've got a physical ability for causin misery You get maddest when I feed off your negativity For every boo, I'ma leave a bruise For every bad gesture, I'ma leave your ass messed up Watch your mouth, you talkin loud to the hard tester Back it up, you won't see nuttin unless I LET YA So you can keep that in mind when I pass by This is your big chance to say hello to the bad guy I run with the north side, dirty aren't I.. .. cause I'm three times hellafied! Chorus .. Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Ed f/ Mystikal, Full Blooded Album: The Assassin Song: Go 2 War Typed by: NoLimit610@aol.com, trusouldia@yahoo.com [Master P] Uhhhhh!  Ha Ha.  Big Ed, Full Blooded, and Mystikal.  Whether it's in the bed with the hoes on these streets we go to war. [Big Ed] The battles begun heavy kissing on the front line Strategic and bout it to explode like a land mine So you wanna go to war huh You brought the camoflauge panties and maching bra to get down huh  Big Ed's a soldier and your a soldierette Nuclear warhead in the trenches watch to get you hot and wet  Bet that a war would last as long as Vietnam Bet that when you cum it will drop like atomic bombs  Bet that I pack a 50 cal. desert eagle  That will leave you shaking in the trenches here comes the sequel  Wondering what the gats and the blitz Your grenade exploded so many times that you cant believe this She look at me she swolled 220 and sewed up >From the size of the monument, chocolate and tatted up It's going to be war when I hit you Love to get with you Strip for daddy now let me take your picture [Mystikal And Big Ed] Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war huh Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now [Full Blooded] I make them niggas wonder  Would I fuck should I Could I fuck your old lady Think I would you must be crazy I'm a down ass nigga (nigga), dont ask me that Cuz if I put up in her cat you'll be getting me back The clock is that  Don't let them tell you that money dont fuck Put your trust in a bitch yous a sitting duck Now peep this nigga peep this, peep this Challenge my mack 10, I'm knocking you off balance And its right nigga puttin a fight kill your prey And a t-shirt go to hell with blood stain And this TRU so too busy out for your loot Enough surrounded by the stresses in black suits Your girl polishes your shoes Don't be mad you did what you had to do The nigga died when you passed through A half played the funeral around the clock My first stop is the killa to the dangerous spot [Mystikal And Big Ed] Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now [Mystikal] Stop that dance, ohhh Starting to make me feel like freaky Jason or Marilyn Manson OK baby you better stop that The dingaling I swing make me the king topcat I give my props back but you try to block that My rock at where you not at, my cock at where your box at I handled my business I know what you did last summer You trifling ass bitch I know what you did in that hummer Now drop yo fucking draws bitch get lowballed crawled I shut it down mike him with the small tongue Incoming, I'm cumming, cool, I done told you to But do you suck dicks are you a peter pumper Drop yo fuckin self right now mother fucker Bocka bocka, wacka wacka, blucka blucka Chucka chucka chucka, I tear that ass up [Mystikal And Big Ed] Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Go to war with me, right now Nah it's time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Time to go to war Time to go to war whicha Come to war to war with me, right now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Ed f/ Mystikal, Silkk Album: The Assassin Song: My Entourage Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com nigga, and we don't give a fuck  if you don't give a fuck then we don't give a fuck if you don't give a fuck then we don't give a fuck you got a problem with us  we'll shoot this bitch up chorus [Big Ed, Silk] My entourage be some souldiers fool I thought I told ya nigga we bust at the rollers and knock your head up off your shoulders cause you don't want to see us cause if you do glock cocked with ski masks nigga a bunch of killers with tattoos [Silk] ahhhh atten hut about face to his head nigga in charge label full of killas and drug dealas  convicted thug niggas and tank doggs how you like me now bitch got to run it with a whole gang of hard hittas ya'll have to check us or respect us like  motherfuckin guard sentence better duck when I bust you ya killed numb I'm in a rush so don't touch me sayin fuck ya'll feel it blowin out the past though but I be playin you assholes startin wars like Castro enemies casket close ask my foes look knock em down like back door to the end like I'm ten fold never go to war with us niggas unless you can last hoe look I stay muggin therefore I stay thuggin look fuck who you with I lose you bitch you mean nothing to me like my fuckin play cousins now we heartless sleep in the dark cause you don't want to start shit told you I'm a soldier bitch I come to get you if I'm mobile like I was cordless like a phone let it be known I'm from the land of the trigga slangers nigga bangers that's why in the morning  I sign nothing with my trigga finger so don't test me chorus X2 [Big Ed] now if you see me ski mask glock cocked 17 shots hit your whole block oh you're not when your ladies panties drop at the hotel spot lock now load tank doggs explode see the whites of their eyes unload for the automatics empty magazines, then reload nigga what, nigga wet who them bustas be with I got a 120 round clip for situations like this I'm makin gangstas move wearin gangsta shoes my entourage is bout it bout it makin gangstas groove Silkk the shock what's that on your stomach (Silk) That's my TRU tattoo well I'll be god damned nigga cause I got that on my stomach too No Limit Soldier, military steppin cock back your weapons Glocks, Hechler Kochs, Sig Sauers, Rugers, and Smith & Wessons Big Ed be the captain of this army who pops me and another killer fuse here  so you really didn't harm me murderous onslaught, my entourage keeps blastin nigga the only way you can see me is inside the outcome ASSASSIN chorus X2 [Mystikal] fool if I aimin at your motherfuckin head bitch I ain't gonna miss you but your people gonna miss ya my heart colder than the air conditioner they breakin and duckin and dodgin to get out the way from the fuck of my picture it just a ridiculous I'm prove it to you if it's cool, then it's cool if I say move, then you better move I done told you we No Limit Soldiers we ballers we on a mission now can't nobody hold us we outta control on you bitches that's what we remainin maintainin, ya'll ain't hangin from what we brangin we put that jock in the knock and it's bangin and sangin I know what you thinkin but before you can do you screamin Don't shoot that's your ass options are limited now whatcha gon do if you're a bitch, you gon cry like a pissy baby if you're on your shit, get your skinny let em fry like bacon if you're scared, say you're scared (I'm scared) then know I'm breakin your neck and breakin that leg as soon as I put this shit down for Big Ed this entourages is vicious that's my dog that's my niggas, that's my fuckin cool edition chorus X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Ed f/ Fiend, Mystikal Album: The Assassin Song: Uh Oh Typed by: NoLimit610@aol.com, trusouldia@yahoo.com [Master P] Big Ed, Fiend, Mystikal. You all get in, get the motherfuckin money. And if anybody moves, huh, buck em. It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 Where they at, where they at, get the gat, get the gat Where they at, where they at, get the gat, get the gat Where they at, where they at, get the gat, get the gat Where they at, where they at, get the gat [Mystikal] When Mystikal hits the door it go (door squeak) Fifty cent they goin get ???? I got the things on fire let em burn Kill everybody plus the women and the churn Nigga huh, nigga what you goin learn Where I'm a put you bitch you aint goin return Get it straight like your hair when you perm I'm a streak like comin from my sperm I hope it stick like a motherfuckin fern Bitch I make ten times what you earn And for all you bitches concerned A 211, a 187 goin be confirmed [Master P] It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 [Fiend] Womp womp, womp womp Way I feel with these twin glocks, goin up when the pin drops And all you fat hogs, chop down it's a thin cop Or feel hot, you meet my richer nigga taker With balls on my caper and find her if you gotta maker Braker, two one one, with my two new guns Love to see you run, I just use your come Gun cooked, unhooked for tryin to reach Including my strap so I unleash the beast I dare you preach, you got way more then me And it's just somethin I couldn't ignore you see Better up somethin, or me and my shottie goin buck up somethin Snuff somethin, and then night, and slowly cut somethin [Master P] It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 [Big Ed] P point out the house, watch me run up in this bitch Nigga come out that rug, don't make me bust your shit Nigga dust your shit, hit em with cocain and dope And after all of my shows I'm gettin head from hoes Hypnotized by the way that stripper blast She shoots me deep in a trance But look in my TRU shit fast or I'm ready to ass  Dont you make a motherfuckin sound My pistol is pionted right between your frown Nigga get down on the fuckin ground With my kids gotta eat rob everybody around Pull akickdoe (boom), breakin niggas off Shit get shady when decks em with the sawed off [Master P] It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 It's a 211, don't make it a 187 it's a 211, don't make it a 187 Uh oh! See, we can do this the motherfuckin right way. Just give me the motherfuckin money. Nobody moves, nobody hurt. That's it! Bitch, don't fuckin move, now look what you made me do. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Murder f/ Mystikal, Silkk The Shocker Album: Life or Death Song: Don't Play No Games Typed by: grouper@mediaone.net  bra, why you talkin' that shit, huh? (what? you heard me) take this shit to the streets right now (you heard me) all that yappin' and no action ain't called for, you dig? (for real)(what's happenin') you don't wanna fuck with C (bad motherfuckers) you don't wanna fuck with me (just a bunch of bad motherfuckers) you don't wanna go to war (bunch of bad motherfuckers) [C-Murder] Don't play no games, cuz boy we be bout killin' you ain't got shit to die for you shouldn't be livin' get rid the fuckin' smirk ain't a damn thing funny all my niggas know we live for weed and money platinum and vogues on the walls of my company cuz TRU niggas live life motherfuckin' G's presidents and playin' in every resident cuz pumpin' no limit shit is essential I make money off the words that I speak I flip a cassette like I used to flip a quarter key the rap game is like standin' on a block every tape I sell is like a motherfuckin' dime rock give me the money so you can keep the bitches they don't play no game C-Murder bout his riches the money talk and bullshit walks pay to get delt with and haters get they ass kicked  (Chorus) Don't Play no games boy, we be bout killin' just a bunch of bad motherfuckers just a bunch of thug niggas Don't Play no games boy, we be bout killin' bunch of bad motherfuckers just a bunch of thug niggas [Mystikal] A whole bunch of bad motherfuckers  ya we bad watch us I ain't playin' with your bitch ass even if I smoke weed all day drankin' on King Cobra my eyes red my head bad I still fuck over ya you know the name you know the game and the pain  bitches still the same bigger bank higher rank whatcha thank your head I like your shit don't stank but you're gettin' spanked I'm gonna get at yours forgot that thank you bitch who wrong move I'm gone get you  ???? you mental but you been through fuck what your friend do and who you came to  (Chorus) [Silkk the Shocker] we bout murder money weed ammunition guns and drugs fake niggas stand correct show my real niggas some love Mrs. Thug I live the life of a motherfuckin' thug 7 digits bigger niggas still fightin' in clubs you think you saw the worst bitch the worst is yet to fuckin' come up jump and take everyone and your best to fucking run shoot first ask questions later  quick before I lose ya ask what time it fuckin' was i guess when you're too paranoid smokin' too much motherfuckin' bud don't play no games bitch respect the name bitch fuck who you came with and fuck what you sayin' bitch you heard of Mystikal, heard of P, heard of me, and heard of C either we solo or we ridin' thirty-d you can't stop me I know all they can do is watch me drop ya with your eyes closed in a project curb apartment motherfuckin' dealin' you wanna know why we ain't smilin' cuz we thugs we mugs ain't nothin' bout being friendly  (Chorus)(2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Murder f/ Fiend, Kane & Abel, Mac, Master P, Mia X, Mystikal Album: Life or Death Song: Soldiers Typed by: grouper@mediaone.net  this goes out to all my thug niggas and bitches out there (soldiers) At ease, solute, C-MURDER all the motherfuckin' riders out there representin' its motherfuckin' no limit up bout it bout it rowdy rowdy  Slodiers, Soldiers, Soldiers, Soldiers huh nigga what I'm a soldier (we soldiers) huh nigga what we soldiers (we soldiers) huh nigga what we soldiers (we soldiers) I'm a soldier (I'm a soldier) huh nigga what I'm a soldier (I'm a soldier) huh nigga what I'm a soldier (I'm a soldier) huh nigga what I'm a soldier (I'm a soldier) All I wanna be is a soldier (I'm a soldier) I'm a motherfuckin' No Limit Soldier [C-Murder] I'm a No Limit Soldier 'til I'm dead you can't worry me I represent the tank 'til a bitch nigga bury me TRU on my back initiated in blood bout it niggas start fightin' when I walk in the club you could tell I'm a soldier by my army fatigues and you could I'm a killer by the way a nigga bleed forever TRU i'm gone roll to your motherfuckin' city if I come to a show I've got a hundred thugs with me scream No Limit cuz I'm in it I represent it I never met a tank dawg that didn't business nigga we killers by niggas countin' millions in paper luteinent of a label full of soldiers nigga huh nigga what we soldiers  huh nigga what we soldiers  [Master P] nigga nigga nigga mercenary killers street hustlers and dealers nigga ghetto millionaires captains, colonels, luteinents we packin' G's niggas stackin' Ki's niggas M-16 .45 AK's niggas follow me dumpin' niggas study humpin' I ain't Donald Trump but I keep the ghetto niggas and bitches jumpin' huh nigga what we soldiers  huh nigga what we soldiers  [Silkk the Shocker] let's get ready to fuckin' rumble  I'm a No Limit soldier nigga that's who  tank around my neck represent respect nigga  bout it full of fuckin' tattoos  am I ??? its the drugs and bud nigga clique for the common soldier drug dealers real niggas and thugs cuz I'm bitch I'm a soldier fool I thought I told ya ammunition fully loaded camoflauged Range Rover against all odds Tru niggas don't fall nigga we ball nigga army fatigue nigga weed up in my draws you don't wanna take no poor wreck in my hand holdin' your bag about ??? throw up your soldier rag nigga when the tank come through put some depth  in you motherfuckin' step fuck the rep I'm a soldier toldja that's 211 [Fiend] Womp womp, nigga this Fiend I'm a surviving soldier you could tell by my breed or my feed cuz if I bleed its a color fatigues see my greed keep me hungry I'm a No Limit spar wanna get it on  when your gone blows have the tank up on your lawn was born to bust out niggas protectin' my people ain't no sequel blastin' and rappin' and my fool and I'm lethal they gone understand how to keep us so planned and how the fuck we stay on billboards more than the marbolo man we soldiers huh nigga what we soldiers  huh nigga what we soldiers  [Mac] and to them fake soldiers below the street lights we watch them die holdin' their riches and they bitches diggin' up ditches for the snitches in this ghetto  will it happen makin' some white rappin' checkin' out my toes tell my hoes I never rest 'til they murder my foes when a cop done shot when a cop done dug and I watched  them bullets snatch me lookin' at my camoflauge makin' sure they didn't blast me when I die bury me in my camoflauge cuz I'll be down with my thug motherfuckers other niggas ride 'til its over  we gone live and breath soldiers [Mia X] I'm still on more times tryin' pay the bills with ryhmes criminal thoughts makes my nine in the picture much clearer its the biggest diva mama cat off the top open shot on your block and drop the shit your system's got what no limit soldiers kickin' up dust in your face rowdy rowdy when we march in the place we face none nigga don't you ever come fucked up  tryin' stun off flex you get more hoes than a hair net Miss X be the one Tru soldiers call mama drama regulator lyrical lady alligator fade ya motherfuckers now whatcha whatcha want do bitch we comin' through bout to run over you we Tru huh nigga what we soldiers  huh nigga what we soldiers  [Big Ed] steel toed boots camoflauged down with the soldier strut ???? get out the way niggas duck nigga what guerilla warfare should of had your ass about there with this impact display rip through backs and still we get some where oh yea nigga what you gone do step to the tank  have niggas fight on who gone shoot you Big Ed is a captain atain hut sloute carry on as you were gettin' rowdy with the tank dawg troops [Kane & Abel] when the tank roll up its like ten bombs blown up my military comrads don't give a single solitary fuck pull the gat off the shelf niggas gone shit on they shelf my warriors want more war mentality drug dealin' fatality fuck your feelings use my gun for proficent killings P gave the order Kane & Abel is willin' spittin' ammunition leavin' loved ones missin' come out this week we pistol whippin' makin' sure you listen WE SOLIDERS huh nigga what we soldiers  huh nigga what we soldiers  [Mystikal] UH OH!! I'm a buffalo soldier smokin' doja .45 caliber armered pistol when I load I could stop a bull dozer March there with my army I get marched over Before you disrepect me you better serve a hundred octobers in Angola (Hoo) Who as you were bitch stay still lay low  you better fuckin' knock a hole in your A-O I'm marchin' with my AK one two three ya'll niggas wanna be like us but it ain't gone be huh nigga what we soldiers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: C-Murder f/ Mystikal  Album: Trapped in Crime   Song: What You Bout  Typed by: Roddeezie@aol.com [M] You motherfucking well right.  [C] What's happ'. Motherfucking well right  [M] BUCK! BUCK! Here I go boy. 504 still up in this BITCH!  [C] Nigga, TRU Records in this bitch ya dig It's a No Limit thang boy.  [M] Nigga, if you aint bout that motherfucking drama  and all that other crazy ass shit, get the fuck out the club nigga [C] Ke'noe [M] Ya heard me Chorus 2x: Mystikal (C-Murder)  What you bout boy (What you bout boy)  Thugged out boy (Thugged out boy)  From the South boy (From the South boy)  Shut ya mouth boy (Shut ya mouth boy)     [Mystikal] Yeah  Kept telling a motherfucker they aint gon' feel us, see us, hear us  These niggas from the 504 the realest, TRU ghetto godzillas  Ya'll niggas tryna keep up with the man ya'll motherfuckers need to keep up with the time  Fuck all that other shit, come up with the beat I'ma come up with the rhyme  The dome splitter, natural born zone ripper  Hold my own nigga, big tyme pistol gripper  I told ya ass, you can't say my name with a dick in yo mouth  It done happened already, you know I'm coming to fuck up the crowd  Any how, got ya hands down might as well have yo pants down  Bout this Bout it Bout it, so nigga don't FUCK AROUND  The man hot, stand out  Got the whole clout, represent the whole South  Chorus  [C-Murder] What you bout, I'm bout that drama, step to me and let's handle it  A nigga out the South, with golds in his mouth, straight out of Louisiana  The boot, we quick to shoot, the 504 I'm representing  TRU niggas on the tank, N-L for life, down south, No Limit  Deadly Soundz bring the noise for them boyz who be dumping with them heaters  And I bring them lyrics that'll have them killers fighting like mosquitos  Break bread with killers and hang with thugs,  nigga went to jail for slangin drugs Now I'm free, just me and the streets aint fucking with a nigga if he aint fucking with me  But if it go down, I'm ready to ride, I aint scared, I'm ready to die  Nigga be glad I punched you in yo eye, coulda made yo mama cry  Don't play me boy, I aint no toy, thugged out from the South boy  Fucking with No Limit will get yo dragged out yo house boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fiend f/ Mystikal, Skull Duggery Album: Street Life Song: Ak'n Bad Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Fiend] Uh huh. That's them there. That's them there. [Fiend/Skull Duggery] I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, yes I am, yes I am I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad [Skull Duggery] Like the bitch I appear dead in your shit Make you run from the thoughts nigga, that'll conflict I maintain in murder hood shit (murder hood shit) Cause I'm a Third Ward Stunter, uptown roamer,  from Second and Clara nigga I get ya, I wet ya, I told ya Niggas still can get hit and run from that shit Trying to get to a save havan where he can die at, where he can cry at Where that lance fill the soul, he cold As I make it round the block (round the block),  squeezing hard (squeezing hard) Forty five nigga, in my right palm (in my right palm) As I get to your spot, nigga you cold (you cold) So I left three shots off in you low (every shot in you low) Cause I told you I'm from the Crescent (Crescent)  where you testin (testin) Big easy nigga, get dirty down and greasy nigga Nigga, feed my mind with the evil thoughts,  I don't give a fuck (I don't give a fuck) Cause I told ya nigga, I'm ak'n bad (I'm ak'n bad) [Fiend/Skull Duggery] We ak'n bad, ak'n bad, yes I am, yes I am I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad [Fiend] Bring it where the dirt lies cause I was seeking it to destroy Under twenty five and I caused a killer to die and I'm unemployed I takes no joy up in another mans pain But in my mind somehow I hate to find the word called strain Obtain machan' before you place me in the game I'm a survivor, watch they holler when I let loose this thang And I'm swamp and gumbo living So if yall niggas coming with 'em, 'fore I rid 'em Yall better talk some senses in 'em Cause New Orleans niggas don't yap where I'm from Bust backs with a gun, up in the club, get to clapping and swung And my bullets don't hum, they burn And it ain't no aftermath if you catch a nigga ak'n bad I make this loud shit sound good, knock on wood Who am I, little nigga up to no good, out the hood Watch me show you what I could, I got with a spatch' and a half Look at my lyrical habit for cabbage, bitch you see me ak'n bad [Fiend/Skull Duggery] We ak'n bad, ak'n bad, yes I am, yes I am I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad [Mystikal] How many niggas yall know will come in this bitch Take out an album and drum on the track How many niggas yall know even gonna try to come close To doin what I done on the track I'm the one on the track, smoking like I'm blowing a blunt on the track I'm out in front of the track, bustin like a forty five gun on the track Yall know what I know yall better step aside and let the best come in And yall niggas that talkin that shit yall really better catch some wind You fuckin with Fiend, you fuckin with Skull, you fuckin with me I'll fuck you up the same time I fuck up the beat You can't stop ak'n bad, ak'n bad I gets way up in your ass, in your ass I gets paid a lotta cash, lotta cash Oh ah ah, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Bitch I'm hard and I will roll, I'm still cold Twenty eight years old (got plenty more) got plenty more Bitch I'm the man, cars hanging out the garage,  lights on top of flashing pads Like my little brother Reece I'll take a licking and keep on [Fiend/Skull Duggery] We ak'n bad, ak'n bad, yes I am, yes I am I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad I'm ak'n bad, ak'n bad, we ak'n bad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fiend f/ Master P, Mystikal Album: There's One in Every Family Song: Do You Know? Typed by: OHHLA.com	Corrections: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: (Fiend) [All] 9X (Do you know who you fuckin with?) [Don't start no shit, there won't be no shit] [Mystikal] (Fiend) I'm the tarantula on the caterpillar I'm the 18-wheeler rolling over the armadillo I'm the orange-and-blue fire comin from under the skillet (Do you know who you fuckin with?) I'm the dick in the pussy, I'm the fly on the shit I'm the motherfuckin, concrete-crushing torpedo I'm that loud, hard [thumping sound] that killed the mosquito I'm the motherfuckin red ant draggin the bettle Nigga remember me when you was shootin up? I was that needle When you coughin, I'm that (cough) that comes from your chest When you dead, I'm the maggots that's eatin your flesh I'm every last sad note from the violin I'm the hammer that hit that firing pin I was the voice in your head that was tellin you not to try it again Now I'm the carbon dioxide that replace your oxygen I'm the mysterious, Mystikal monument I'm the man, I'm the south, I'm the muthafuckin prince Chorus: repeat 8X [Fiend] Me? A bad motherfucker, boy Hater destruction, pistol bustin (BHAW, BHAW) I'm the chubby one cussin, verbally keep em (?) Herbaly keep em puffin, all the weed that I need  Smokin some trees, I groove from some left over seeds Leave it to the soldier's creed on the set where they pretends (TAKE THAT) Throwin some hot shit nigga (TAKE THAT BOY) faded all my ends Give a fuck if it were ten I want nine and the change (GIVE MY CHANGE BOY) Doing strange things behind mine and my change, boy (COMIN, COMIN) I'm a bad man, let it be known to any cop (FUCK Y'ALL) Use a ten, many glocks and got plenty in stock (GOT MORE NIGGA) If anything the tank hot, that paper keep us heated Computer can't delete it And penicillin can't defeat it Chorus X 8 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gambino Family f/ Mo B. Dick, Mystikal Album: Ghetto Organized Song: Only G's Ride Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com chorus [Mo B Dick] all these hoes wanna ride with me but ain't no hoes gonna ride with me nuttin but g's gonna ride with me so all you real g's come and follow me X2 [Gotti] fuck a bitch  ain't no hoe gon be ridin with me not for free, best to believe she be down on her knees with a mouth full of dick bitches love that shit and if you ain't with that  you get the fuck cause a million hoes standin in the lobby screamin Gotti I wanna party so I'm back to the room sippin hennessy me and my nigga P'heno and Mystikal bout to pull a studio B for sure and if you didn't know check the ice around her wrists around her necks, around her fingers we love bein these ghetto rap singers Bitch, ha ha ha ha only real g's ride with me chorus [Melchior] these hoes be plottin on a nigga riches but ain't nothin but g's and killas rollin with this nigga so how you figure you gon ride in my bubble eyed nice try, besides bein on your knees I ain't wastin my time I'm tryin to shine in the spotlight so get it right, I'm in the club  tryin to get a gimp home tonight Melchior, I know you heard of me a young g and ain't none of these hoes  gon ride with me [Reginelli] it's Reginelli for sure and I ain't ride with no hoes the only thing to ride with me is turum 264 these bitches all in my face cause I'm flossin the six if you want to ride in my benz you got to be bout suckin dick believe that Bitch chorus [P'heno] now these hoes say I done changed since I got a little change I'm still that same ole nigga same name but just a little more fame it went from catching the bus into a Lexus truck and from a Guess that was ticking  into a Rolex trust representin to the fullest stick to the G code I never ride with foes and none of you skanless hoes I only put up with real niggas like Mo B Dick and tooch treal niggas ain't givin a fuck  when it's time to shoot back in the boot you hoes was too cute now these bitches they wanna ride but I put that shit on mute ain't no ridin with me or gettin high with me I be that nigga they call P'heno out that 1 2 3 Ya heard me chorus [Mystikal] huh baby baby what cha mean where I'm goin ain't nothin but real niggas  be wantin to get mine for fifty when I come through it's some gangsta shit chall bumpin on all I got is a couple of gimps  what the fuck they gon do cause after my heart and my ball and my nine ain't shit left cause all she got in my backup is rubbers  and numbers and dickbreath lipstick for her lipwear waitin for me at your fuckin house I see you when I get there tell you how it's been and how it's gon be if you really wanna ride, baby you can ride me ride the dick or put the dick in your mouth I said ride the dick, then get your ass out we killas and killas hustlas robbers and thieves fuck these bitches, I'm ridin with G's chorus until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghetto Commission f/ Master P and Mystikal Album: Wise Guys Song: I'm a Soulja Typed by: jimdiggity@aol.com {Master P talking} oh yeah you see this soldier thing we take this thing serious you gotta be real to be a soldier you gotta keep it tru-eal Ghetto Commission, Mystikal, and Master P this to all the soldiers out there and soldierettes Chorus: I'm a soulja [soulja] on this battlefield I'll die and im wanted [wanted] dead or alive I'm a soulja [soulja] in the steel tank I ride and im wanted [wanted] dead or alive {Master P} 2 years flat [ughhhh] but im back on my feet and I hustle with the homies cause y'all know mama gotta eat give me my duties cause we gon ball till we fall see for No Limit I'll do anything to put my name on the wall {Mystikal} even if I gotta shoot to kill on the battlefield march from the ghetto to the top of the hill im black and N-Oed tired of selling boulders trying to keep it real still represent my soldiers started from the bottom finished on the top the wars not over cause the struggle don't stop bullets in the chopper food in the pot money in the bank and weed in my sock {Commission #1} see a coward dies a million deaths but a soldier dies once see don't blame No Limit fool put it on these gats and these blunts and the army had said be all that you can be I made a couple of boulders now every ghetto kid can be p {Chorus} {Commission #2} now im a marked man cause this flame on my arm  and the tank around my neck wasn't expected to progress now I hold the industry hostage see its famed Ghetto Commission  TSO till I die my family consist of outlaws  and riders who ride im a soldier living this soldiers life flashing my ice when if I get killed on the battlefield then bury me with my steel and my mic ghetto born ghetto raised so I use my ghetto tactics nine times outta ten  it results to the second lines and closed caskets in the steel tank I ride from the Westbank to the billboard spots loved by few hated by many  but we still wont stop climb from the bottom to the top role with the platinum and gold a commendation from the colonel but still I gotta trunk of soul {Chorus} {Commission #3} im a black dicabileras Spanish for cowboy a no limit soldier that's rowdier than wild boy I keeps a 4-5 in a holster with a rifle across my shoulder im a ghetto vet with a killer click that wont hesitate to smoke ya its Ghetto Commission till I retire im living larger than a sire no limit symbolizes gas and they done mixed up with some fire peep that flame tatted on my arm wont play when they causing harm we irresponsible for our actions you niggas duck and warn {Commission #4} I got a price on my head  because of the gold around my neck and the tank on my chest resting on my arm is a flame I lost ride on the desert plain made famous by wanted posters keep a pistol in my holster cause the laws are getting closer role as a No Limit soldier on our way to the bolder with blood on my hand from the last man to take a stand against me and my clan we wanted, dead or alive believe it or not they jealous of our billboard spot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kane & Abel f/ Soulja Slim, Mac, Big Ed, Fiend, Mia X, and Mystikal Album: Am I My Brothers Keeper Song: Let's Go Get Em' Typed by: GeorgeMcElroy@ij.net Chorus Let's go get em' let's go get em' Let's go get em' let's go get em' dawg x2 [Kane & Abel] My click is killers In the line of fire in a pack of stuff affiliated mob figures Down with mortal combat camouflage soldier rags 44 mag And you wants to die when we ship bags and hold tags We rolling up and we holding up Boot up or shoot up and get that jaw swollen up Killer please give me some gangsta shit know the click cock it back Kane & Abel bout that combat bitch [Soulja Slim] Go get em' with split em' don't bullshit em' Hit em' with a round now the tank split em' split em' Don't let a nigga catch you slipping we camouflage Killer connection committed armed surprise Duck and die for the buster but I'm straight as a crease Heat seek don't sleep when my trigger finger tweak Bloody bodies in the streets somebody call brand nino Cause seeing dead gifts make my day card [Mac] Now what y'all know about Mac cause I'm murder murder Flip em' like Burger King workers be flipping burgers And I'm finger fucking till them niggas bust back With the hollows it's been more dead then the others around follow Now bite the bullet and swallow I was tattooed with a broken wine bottle Never die that's been my motto since 14 lottos Got to get em' before they get em' cause if they hit me I'm gone Skinny niggas don't love long with a bullet in their bones Chorus x2 [Big Ed] Now when I say Big Ed you say assassin Big Ed assassin What's up what's happening I keep my trigger finger blasted tank ready to roll Picking up soldiers from rich now bringing them to the N.O. Nigga I'm bout mine I got nines wiser up Swolled up tagged up tagged up not giving a fuck Nigga I'm wit' it to bring the ruckus Busting if you touch this a No Limit soldier still got more dick than busters [Fiend] It's a disaster blast em' specialization retaliation Fuck who I'm facing boy bring the caroltation Consultation begins to happen when I'm rapping We gon' see who really asking when my hammer gets to smacking Attacking and lacking my every vocal creates a checking I should have been got that high control before lyrical seconds I'm the insider probably the baddest Greens cornbread and cabbage Mr. watch me hit em' lit em' about to go get em' [Mia X] Here comes the biggest mamma baby what you wanna do Tank full of riders military minded soldiers Hitting you with that hater ain't gon' get up now mo' for sho' Combat where they at alright alright lets go Now you gon' start it when your click is weak When it's on we gon' give that ass a chance to retreat Verbal heart but we could take it to the streets Get em' up pull the thangs shoot em' up see yo people root em' up What what run on up and as a matter of fact Watch me put that ass down like a flag Call the colonel yeah cause we some warriors Dropping and stopping hollering lets go get em' nigga fuck we got em' [Mystikal] When it's gon' go down it's gon' go down What's gon' happen gon' happen Cause y'all know these T.R.U. niggas capping and slapping We packing and macking Y'all niggas be slacking and lacking We smacking and stacking Uh oh we blasted and laughing Where my fucking money at is what we be asking Busting on backstabers is how we be acting If I catch you ass down is one way to put it When we get it's gon' be banned from TV footage Chorus x1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kane & Abel f/ Mystikal, Silkk The Shocker, Soulja Slim Album: Am I My Brothers Keeper Song: Watch Me Typed by: GeorgeMcElroy@ij.net [Mystikal talking] Nigga you think you know me Think you know me nigga Nigga you don't know me Nigga you don't know  You don't know nothing bout me You gon' find what you wasn't looking for Chorus Watch me or throw it off I ain't right Bitch I do something same rap game Murder I just might bring it on cause it's gon' be some shit tonight x1 [Kane & Abel] I heard you niggas wanna start some shit 44 caliber hollow tips in the glock 30 clip Got them rocks in my pocket rocks on my wrist Ninety eight six hundred Benz copped from working the night shift Trying to make a million fo' 22 what I'm trying to do Little eager too to do what the fuck I gotta do Flip optimal like an ass crack Nigga puff puff pas that nigga pass the weed I pass back Click clack we come strapped It's fo' sho' nigga lay low tonight Cause maybe you could just might hit the flow tonight I did it I said it y'all niggas is hoes Paramedics trying to save you cutting open your clothes Nigga you don't wanna go head to head with me I got some niggas that will paint yo head red with me Toe to toe with me go to war with me You could lose yo whole family trying to roll with me Chorus x1 [Soulja Slim] Now I know you don't want none of them boys from uptown Come downtown to yo area until Vietnam A hard head make a soft ass I thought a nigga told you Slim speaking on behalf of that wild magnolia My people gave me the low while I was doing time upstate Told me a nigga from downtown caught a little uptown fame That he ain't seen no real nigga yet But I bet he don't want no drama Laying with my people and don't give a fuck that somebody shot his shhh I only fuck bomb killers dope dealers and real niggas Ill niggas and trill niggas get it how they live niggas And they thought they roam uptown for the doo doo brown Better get face down on the ground when a nigga tie yo legs down See that's the heart of New Orleans Ask another nigga from another city about his 3rd  I bet they tell you that the water quick reserve Leaving and stanking on the curve that's what they heard They got a hell of a nerve to mail mack in the Calliope  All the way to the 10th left turn 13th  the third time you in the city of how to grow Chorus x2 [Mystikal] Bitch I'll do you something You thinkin if I cut you in yo motherfucking head it ain't gon' do shit Bitch this ain't no bluffing Thinkin all these niggas and these weapons ain't bout no busting Time to get wit cha we coming to get cha If I hit you where yo dick at it's gon' come out where you shit at My murder weapon knows best If you ain't got no vest it's gon' get protest We making noise all day I'm trying to tell em' but these bitches got to learn the hard way Pistol play warned from the hallway AK spray now yo ass all taint Bitch I'll do you something [Silkk The Shocker] And I gotta do em' something too They fucked up and fucked around with the wrong ass crew Now I'm gon' come up from short in a house full of loaded tanks Cup of canned soda for a picnic cup of canned soda for dank See we no limit niggas so drama we bout that there You doubt that there That's why when I'm hanging out it's gon' be out right there That's where niggas think our slugs at Trying to hang where I slang my drugs at Fuck it all the niggas that make mill stay real  And how y'all fucking love that See I'm a gangsta and plus a nigga cold wit it Ain't scared of no nigga You left some pots and some boards and them drama boys said go get em' Step out the project post talking bout wooh nigga I got a little of few dollars I'm trying to get a little bit mo' nigga If it's gold fo' sho' nigga Cook I stay high like a rocket can't stop it until I get away from yo  Pocket like a gold digger Ain't nothing but a five o four nigga When they enter putting bodies in bags and tagging cold niggas Better get yo mind right cause bitch this some real life  Man tell these niggas [Mystikal] Watch me or throw it off I ain't right Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Italy f/ Mystikal, Snoop Dogg Album: On Top of Da World Song: We Ain't Hard 2 Find Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Lil' Italy] Soldiers. KLC, Lil' Italy, Top Dogg, Mystikal. Make it happen. [Snoop Dogg/(Lil' Italy)] Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) Where my soldiers at (Messin with them K's and them nines) Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) When it's time to get rowdy (We on the front line) Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) Where my soldiers at (Messin with them K's and them nines) Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) When it's time to get rowdy (We on the front line) [Snoop Dogg] Fuckin with the label with the bank (who), the label with the dank (who) The label with the solid gold motherfuckin tank (damn) With them diamonds on the wheels (yeah), the sun roof top (uh huh) Got the glock in my lap incase I gots to pop shots (what) I get crazy on this motherfucking track if I have to (yeah) Pull a Silkk The Shocker and slap you to make you adapt to (what) This L.B.C. and D-B-T-P-N Beats By The Pound gettin down, lettin a nigga Mystikal, come on in [Mystikal] Nigga we bout it, we rowdy, another soldier united Now whatever you bitches need, no problem, we got it Nigga you get it till you drop, fool we gotta keep it solid If it don't make me dollars then bitches don't make my roster For fuckin with cocain, fiends and powder Most of you bitches sign tracks, concert, makin bitches hollar We don't work with no cowards, they can't come round ours And it's right where you get fucked up, it's where you get showered [Lil' Italy] Now you can catch me off in the spotlight Huh, or VIP sittin next to Mystikal, The Doggfather so get it right Now hold on tight, from day one these cats been out of sight Did you find us at the weed house blowing key all night From no cents to a nickel and dime And if you about gettin your scrilla then we ain't hard to find Five figures for a tore down show And if you ain't stepping in the city somebody got all of our dough [Snoop Dogg] Went from a hole in the wall to a whole key From Death Row to N-O L-I-M-I-T (that's right) I'm breaking rules with fools and packin tools to school Bustin bitches, hittin switches, livin way too cool Nigga life is hard in the city of G's, key's, D's and funky fresh cars But I found out a soldier with help is a soldier with wealth And a nigga like me ain't goin snitch or bitch, I'll take that shit my  goddamn self [Mystikal] I'm tired of just telling you, now I'm showing you bitches (uh huh) Tank buttoned up, rolling over you bitches Please back up cause ain't no holding these niggas My click ain't scared to leave a hole in you bitches Recognized by the chain with the gold and the glitter A bunch of independant black niggas running this shit We demand, run with Snoop Dogg and The Committee If you really No Limit [Snoop Dogg] Nigga, you fuckin right I did it [Lil' Italy] Now pressure must pipe (psssssst), aight And if you think we ain't tight, it's goodnight We don't fuck with no blays, lames and squares Gang his mouth with the hankey, tie him down in his chair We ain't hard to find, playin with them K's and them nines We can do the Russian Roulette, without your set, without no regrets KL be the doctor, you don't need no phycisian And he couldn't tell you or ask how many niggas been missing From K-Lou Records to them No Limit Soldiers Been down with this shit from day one, I thought I told ya Nigga, I thought I told ya Huh, I thought I told ya [Snoop Dogg/(Lil' Italy)] Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) Where my soldiers at (Messin with them K's and them nines) Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) When it's time to get rowdy (We on the front line) Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) Where my soldiers at (Messin with them K's and them nines) Where my soldiers at (We ain't hard to find) When it's time to get rowdy (We on the front line) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac f/Mystikal Album: Shell Shocked Song: Murder, Murder, Kill, Kill Typed by: zu7@ornl.gov 4x: Mmm Mmmmmm [Mac] Soldier rag on my eye, soldier fit on my frame I scream, "Whoa" when I come through makin that MAC-11 sang If I'm dyin bad, don't tell my folks, I wasn't no joke when I blasted Wrap me up in camoflauge, and put that tank on my casket That nigga was hip hop, that nigga was gangsta That nigga was tall, that nigga was slim That nigga was shell shocked, you wouldn't want fuck with him I hung with killas, I hung with soldiers, I hung with Gs I hung with thugs, I hung with them niggas who probably wanted to murder me Fuckas, I cross my heart and pull the trigger Dear God if I die, let me see the eyes of my killa, so I can haunt that nigga Poppa shot me through the rubber He knew that I would be a young bad muthafucka When I Chorus (2x): Murder, murder (murder, murder) 			 Kill, kill (kill, kill) 			 Shit's real (shit's real) 			 On the battlefield (on the battlefield) [Mystikal] I said I'm sick and tired of tellin you niggas I'm not that nigga to play with They thinkin that they can tell me whatever they want and I ain't gon say shit I guess I'm supposed to be lettin you call me bitches and hoes to my face Just look at ya, let ya fuck over me, ignore ya, then go by my way Cut it out, stop that, unless ya got that feelin			  However, wherever, whenever ya ready, I'm that nigga You said, "Fuck No Limit" then the next thing you heard was (*@$#%) "Ow!" That was me whippin the fuck out that bitch in the ?Waffle House? Look at you now, I'm warnin you nigga wherever you fuck up right there I'm shuttin you down, I'm tellin you if we don't know you don't come round that Tank Or No Limit gon clown, I fuck over yo ass balls as big as Godzilla Here lizard, lizard, lizard, I'm comin to get ya When I catch ya, you can betcha, blood gon spill Murder, murder, murder, kill, kill, kill Chorus 2x [Mac] I was born a soldier, mama will tell ya I never was fake, I was real I'm camouflaged and never die, it been that way since I was l'il Murder, murder, murder, murder, kill, kill, it's real You cross me wrong, don't think I forgot ya, just waitin on you to chill You started beef with the Assassin, when you see me you gotta be blastin Ain't no love for the other side, cause I get all up in the ass and Operation uptown, ghetto niggas shell shocked Camoflauged down, soldier rebound, straight off the block What? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Magic f/ Mystikal Album: Sky's the Limit Song: Did What I Had 2 Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com [Mystikal] man what FUCK I told you my fuckin name  a hundred times man nigga call me Mystikal then fuck whicch why I did it? why, nigga what the nigga would of did me you'd rather the nigga  would of did me I'm tellin you chorus pop or get popped kill or get killed drop or get dropped that's why I did what I had to do all I ever really wanted was cash but he caught a buck so I had to spank that ass kill or get killed pop or get popped drop or get dropped that's why I did what I had to do all I ever really wanted was cash but he caught a buck so I had to spank that ass [Magic] these people question my sanity cause I get it by my know how meanest smile how was your life as a child did you grow up in the ghetto around thugs and killas though when night fall  a nigga don't give a fuck about feelings gotta stay high don't know if i'm gon live or die 45 by my side in case  I gots to send a nigga bye bye paranoid knowin that the day gon come I done grabbed his gun  and I'll be damned if Mr. Magic gon run face reality  guess I was just destined for doom that's when yall found on them choppers layin round in my room I ain't no fool gotta play the game by the rules that nigga flinched and my gun went boom you done fucked with a type nigga put money on my own fuckin head shake any you pussy niggas  tryin to dress me in red it's Mr. Magic and Mystikal you niggas say you didn't fear me bet you fear me now brung pain and I'm bangin em at cha will you forgive me lord I was only playin my part protectin my tank doggs live or will die fuck what a nigga think how must I representin  any nigga from the tank chorus [Mystikal] I'm from uptown  where everybody know everybody so I guess they know me and though ain't no cut throat type niggas gon fuck over ya call the police bitches real in these streets that's why I come real on these beats we stay real with each other that's why we still on our feet we gon do what we gotta to hold this bitch down  to keep it in one piece if I gotta put a hole in every one of ya motherfuckers, bitch that's how it's gon be nigga fuck with another nigga lyrics to tour don't try that on me motherfucker buy that spanish choke bitch can't tie that on me motherfuckers say to her I kill cocaine, pistol and weed nigga thought about givin the fucks some here but I ain't coppin no plea so I guess it's safe to say we goin out buckin it's either 6 niggas doin the carryin or 12 niggas doin the judgin chorus [Magic] {Mystikal} [got no regrets for the way I'm livin but god knows I don't wanna face prison forgive me for what I done] {not responsible for how I'm feelin but if these niggas try to play me I'm a have to kill em before they kill me} [how many niggas in this bitch can feel me it's gonna take a million motherfuckers just to kill me] {so when they lock me up and try to seal me when I get out my niggas gon be still there} [the only artist on TRU so I'm the 1st to fall any head bustin goin on I'm the 1st to call] {we ain't playin wit you bitches we gotta finish you off Mr. Magic and Mystikal the last niggas you saw} chorus until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Mystikal, Silkk the Shocker Album: The Ghetto's Trying to Kill Me Song: Always Look a Man in the Eyes Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com -If we was owned by the white folks it will be all good -But we independent, black owned and making scrilla -We a threat to society -They ban our movies our videos, but we still #1 in America -You see a coward can talk shit behind a nigga back -But only a man can tell you what's on his mind   when he look you in the eyes -In other words, don't judge a book by its cover -See we successful black businessmen  but we also mercenary soldiers (Chorus) Always look a man in the eyes before you kill him Even if he's a coward or a motherfucking drug dealer (My pops say) Verse 1 (Master P) I sell stones out, I'm breaking them got damn phones up Niggas they popping them keys, Master P he fucking ?? Besides them g's, I'm ?? them keys but they didn't know That I could go gold platinum and still slang keys out the record store This caine got me sick These niggas they talking that shit Don't make me load this M16 and split your fucking shit I caught the game from some old g's Niggas they slanging they fucking keys Got the game from New Orleans Now the world know of me I'm down south hustling from the west To the east, in the midwest yeah ya'll niggas know of me Trying to slang this ghetto dope to the world Every woman, man and boy wrap these cd's up like furls On the corner posted up with them ballers Slanging that yella, niggas ya'll can't hold us Gone for 15/5 when you see me its no drought I'm the nigga on the corner with the fucking gold in my mouth Got every fucking club bout it bout it Got every nigga that you see rowdy rowdy Cause I'm down here hustling putting the ghetto on the map Independent, black owned and ain't scared to bust no caps (Chorus x3) Verse 2 (Mystikal) Nigga tell me what you gone do its just me and you, you and I Scrap and scuffle then grab them things mano a mano If we did the mix flury gone smother it leave your ass studdering Fludging tell your fucking boys don't move  cause like a rug I got them covered Niggas ain't like they used to be  back in the days they were playing the dozens These days niggas will kill ya Talking shit, say it to the end of my muzzle We don't want no trouble, black just as subtle Tell you what you gone fuck around and find  if you disrespect my hustle None of you niggas fuckers, young niggas fuckable Some niggas ??, dumb niggas suffer Before you can even think about making a move I'm already on it I'll have to beat your ass to the punch cause the stong survive only Hold on bitch this shit bout to hit the ceiling The interference started from the ground up the building Behind mine's I just don't give a fuck Ain't no closing my eyes I'm gone look in your face and tear your ass up (Chorus x3) Verse 3 (Silkk) Aaahh its murder Do or die, killed or be killed Nigga who am I Silkk the Shocker, do or die for a mil Don't you see I be counting money like a machine No how I'm saying I got to buy my green For every fiend equals money like ching ching My dream, know what I'm saying, got to get the cream or triple beam By it for 15/5 and I sell it for 18 You know what I'm saying, you know what a nigga like known for Nigga kill himself before he caught the bad one,  you know what we known for And its all good in the hood, but I still stay strapped Keep my hands on my 45 cause these days niggas will try to straight jack And you know how I'm saying, 4 g's and I run it Never seen a nigga retire from the dope game, until I done it And its cool I gotta reach eight digits Any nigga in my way I gots to kill him Got a look a man in the eye before you drill him (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P, Mystikal, Fiend, Silkk The Shocker Album: Ghetto Dope Song: Captain Kirk Intro: [Master P] Are you ready to boldly go,  where no family has gone before? The Ghetto Enterprise has landed. Captain Kirk has arrived, I repeat, Captain Kirk, has arrived. Women, if you're lucky, Captain Kirk will save you, and beam your loved ones to the fortune and fame you are lookin' for. I mean the next generation, ya' heard me? Are you ready? [Yes I Am!!!!] 1st Verse: [Master P -- Fiend] Master P: Somebody musta' told these hoes I was a muthafuckin' rapper, but will they jus' tell them hoes that I was a muthafuckin' captain? All the bitches I done broke fo' they bank, I got so many cocktales I need a muthafuckin' fish tank. I got hoes like acorns fallin' outta trees, No Limit niggas don't say hoes, ain't no caps that be floatin' in the breeze... Fiend: Now, Now, Now P, all the time, I done put in work I ain't know, I was livin' next door to Captain Kirk. Captain Smirk on his face, lookin' like drug swappin', come to find out, some bitch holdin' his money down hostage. Got keys to his cottage, done changed the law and the act, and all he get to do, is eat that funky hoe from the back. On top of that, the bitch fat!!! Makin' a career off this nigga, and all his homies gone, because they can't get it clear to this nigga, go figga, all she wanted was that man to change, but if it was me, I done been done slapped that bitch in the brains. Chorus: Captain Kirk, can you save me? Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby. Captain Kirk, can you save me? Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby. Captain Kirk, can you save me? Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo' baby. Captain Kirk, can you save me? Mr. Captain Kirk, I wanna have yo baby. Verse Two: [Silkk The Shocker] See I met this bad ass trick, I mean this bad ass bitch. Tellin' her friends about month go by see I'ma be like buying her shit. I bought her lunch the first time,  but see there trick that's nuthin' but game, I hit it one time and they be callin' back, talkin' bout' "Silkk, why you do all that playin'?". And she had the nerve to tell me, if I ain't a fuckin' trick I'm worthless, I told her Bitch if you ain't suckin' dick,  then none of yo' clit defeats the purpose. Figured she had game, tryin' to fuck a young balla nigga like my mind, I figured lookin' at me she see nothin' but dollar signs. Simply, a bitch might give you some weed, a bitch might give you a buck, man, but since you my boy you  better use a condom, before you try to fuck. Take the game from this show bug,  cuz Silkk ain't no love. I give'em a little somethin', but at the end I take'em back and get the most love. And ain't no beam'em up Scotty, ain't no savin' hoes that ain't puttin' in no work. It all depends on TRU niggas like us, no Captain Kirk (Bitch freeze), all you ghetto hoes get yo' Lee Press-On Nails, fix yo' wig, bring yo' Bebe kids cuz the Ghetto Enterprise is leavin' in  approximately five minutes. Chorus Verse Three: [Mystikal] Aww HOLD UP!!!, WAIT A MINUTE!!! my mama done got me bent. What the fuck you mean, where I was?, who I was with?, and where the fuck I went? Bitch you be beside yoself, you probably WOULD, if I left ya', but I ain't gon put you on no pedestal, jus cuz you quick with that pleasure. You smokin' my weed ridin' my ride, I'M TRYIN' TO KEEP IT REAL. I can't seem to satisfy you, bitch she trippin' bout' the BILLS!!! They really ain't paid, but you gotta hand it, this bitch gotta be stopped!!!, Hope man done got it made and ride my pockets to the top. But oh no, you  bitch, you ain't responsible, for what a nigga man do give a fuck bout' what a nigga bout' to do, give a fuck bout' what you and another nigga been through. Get the fuck out my face, ya' fear too, stop runnin' behind my G dues, can't wait to see that nigga that got trampled like that cuz that ass whoopin' been due. It's thinkin' like that, that make it hard,  for me and the rest of my niggas. Mean these tramps they it like weed, SHE GETTIN' THE BEST'A YOU NIGGA!!! Lettin' dem' hoes sit on they ass, and come up off yo' hard work, This Mystikal, Master P, Fiend and Silkk, NOT NO CAPTAIN KIRK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Chorus Outro: -Girl Captain Kirk, you know I have six kids, even though they ain't from you, baby my kids love you. Kirk baby, you know we need a... brand new color TV, I know you pay the rent. Even though I ain't gave you none in the last year, baby we need a brand new car boo, six hundred, S-E-L, Mercedes four door V-12. Oh I took that extra checkbook, I need my... hair, nails, toes did, I want a brand new house,  a five karat diamond ring for my birthday, and don't forget to pick up some pampers and milk. Also I chose pickles, and Ice Cream. I think I'm pregnant, smile Kirk, your finally gonna be a father, oh yeah, and don't forget to  pick up your cape out the cleaners. [Master P] Mr. Kirk's enterprise will be beaming up out of the ghetto in five seconds, four, three, two, one. [Sound of airplane or some other aircraft taking off  and flying away] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Fiend, Mystikal Album: I Miss My Homies CD-5 Song: Here We Go Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com Chorus: Master P (repeat 2X) Here we go, Here we go, Here we go (BE BOUT YO BUSINESS)  From the south, to the west, to the mid, to the east coast Verse One: Master P I got heroin and cocaine some call me the dope man, a young nigga havin thangs A thug like Tupac went from cheddar to cheese, from powder to cooked rocks From the ghetto to the lakes  (to the lakes, 3rd ward, Caliope) Slangin' thangs in the hood to move my records to 54 states Got more work than the mayor do (mayor do) it stick to niggas that talk shit  like a baller they bitch hair blue  Got more corns than fritos Got more hoe's than Macys sell muthafuckin Girbauds Keep the muthafuckin party jumpin (uhh, bout it, bout it) For puttin the south on the map like Eazy-E did Compton Hoo-ride with these gangbangers (gangbangers) No Limit Soldiers, mercenary killas keep one up in the chamber _Got it Made_ like Special Ed Got more _Vapors_ than BizMarkie ever had After _Dead Presidents_ like Eric B. _Hypnotize_ the rap industry like Biggie Going _Federal_ like E-40 Shock the world like Silkk, put my pockets on tilt Puttin fools _On Hold_ like En Vogue Used to slang white ice cream, now its platinum and golds Chorus 2X Verse Two: Mystikal Without no business  its over for you before you get out the door what the fuck they gon tell you for if you don't already know huh nigga thats all on you to be on top of yearn But by the time they finish fuckin you, bitch you gon learn Ain't no fuckin favors, ain't no fuckin friends That shit don't mix, this business Be bout yo paper, yo royalties or them bitches will take ya  Make sure yo contract is escilatin' otherwise them bitches will rape ya makin big promises on how it's gonna be all good just and be patient yo album done came and gone and you stupid ass still waitin stackin paper off my work Them no good son of a bitches got me livin for concerts I done headlined every hole in the wall in and out the city Humble cause I'm gonna believe it was meant for me I'ma get it, makin moves but still somethin missin Fuck how good you rap it ain't shit without yo business No business Chorus 2X Verse Three: Fiend I could end the world with one line  but I chose to make these hoes suffer Fill the voice with no muffler, I's a bad motherfucker Uncover, unleash the beast, dangerous from head to feet Can't control my rhymes, because them bitches seep through My teeth, so cold I heats, rising like some yeast, bake some beats Meltin needers off of technique and thats just when I speak Seek and you should find that my mind is beyond and yall niggas lines behind the times of my first lines Shit I'm in my prime, I want it with the mic or the nine For mine it protects crimes to the blind (he ain't lying) And I ain't dying line goes the paper the chase P done gave me the break for me to make some cake  still dope I cook in sake, got pretty ass hoes to bake Thats definitely a dumb nigga lure, you wanna smoke Cause this business makin me a weed conniseur Meet the have-been, one of the last men on this note Who wanna get served by the nigga, the nerve at the throat You think you bad but bitch you never had A nigga to give more heart attacks than Fred Sanford had Chorus till fade (Master P talking) To the motherfuckin south (the south) to the west (to the west)  To the mid (to the mid) to the motherfuckin east (to the east) To the world (to the motherfuckin world) No Limit, here I come whenever we want to September 2nd, get the fuckin world high bout my motherfuckin business, ha ha, Master P, Young Fiend and Mystikal Uungh!, bout it bout it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Kane & Abel, Mia X, Mystikal, Silkk The Shocker Album: MP Da Last Don Song: Hot Boys and Girls Typed by: TRUSouldia@aol.com [Master P] Uhhhhhh, ha ha Where the real niggas at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there Where the real bitches at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there  Where the real niggas at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there Where the real bitches at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there  Where the real niggas at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there [Mystikal] Nigga, I'm the buzz in your weed and the bubbles in your beer M-Y-S-T-I-kal Its the man right chea I ain't the '90 through the '94 Buffallo Bills I ain't Dennis Rodman's hair and I ain't Holyfield's ear I ain't that damn man you see standin' at the Appollo I ain't that 298 dollar 60 cent check from McDonald's Bitch I'm the line through the "t" and the dot on the "i" I'm the motherfuckin' crocodile tears when you cry I'm the lightning in bad weather! I'm that nigga in that picture on your girlfriend dresser I ain't no ho, I ain't no punk, I ain't no bitch, I ain't no fag I ain't no sucker, I ain't no trick, I ain't no snitch, I ain't no rat I'm that $20,000 a pop every stop when I'm tourin' I'm that "FIRE!" on that last verse of "Make 'Em Say UHHH!" I ain't that same ol' same, ordinary, everyday rapper Bitch, I killed Kenny, SO I GUESS I'M THAT BASTARD! [Master P] Where the hot boys at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there Where the hot girls at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there, over there, over there x2 [Mia X] I'm the bitch that say bring it on if you want to From the city where we known, baby for what we goin do I'm the lady alligator who's the calm in that water I'm the migrane in your head bumping harder and harder I'm the floss hard hoe nigga that cocks the squat Dead smack on your face like that infrared dot I'm the index finger on the trigger, don't move Woops, saw you blink your eyes now you goin make the news If I catch you in the club and you start to trippin I'm the fifty brass knuckles that's goin hit your chin All the snitchers sitting down with the feds to yap I'm the loud hard chhh on the rat trap I'm the drama in your heart when your people get killed I'm the feeling in your stomach when you get your last meal I'm the hardcore undisputed hip-hop diva I'm the lady on report card day I'm Mama Mia [Master P] Where the real niggas at Where they at, where they at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there Where the real bitches at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there Where they at, where they at [Silkk The Shocker] Ahhhhhhh! I'm the past that always seems to come back and haunt ya I'm the four five carrier, mister grenade launcher I'm the nigga with the gun, that reacts where the dollar at I'm the nigga with the six hundred everybody's tryin to holler at I be the bookie that you pay niggas to keep off your ass I be the reason why you didn't pass, the reason why you cut class I be the reason why they buried ya, and carried ya I be the nigga that put the wood in your fiance The reason why she didn't marry ya I be the nigga that trying to keep round, and hang around your sister I be the nigga they call Silkk The Shocker, you might call me MISTER! Now I got a drop top, I'm a ghetto wise guy Military minding, front lining, all up for a drive by Case over like the last don, like all the cash gone Answer wrong, cause I'm the little brother of the last don Little bitch can't mix, flip shit, loose lips sink ships Plus I gotta pair of seamans shoes, can I make fit, your a fake bitch Keep my ice wrist, keep her tight bitch, between the trigger Keep a tight grip, infared on my shit so I don't miss Now I'm that razor that cuts the dope, it aint nothin but a 504 Member the one they call Vito, yeah that's me (you know) [Master P] Where the hot boys at Where they at, where they at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there Where the hot girls at Where they at, where they at Right chea, right chea Over there, over there [Kane & Abel] I'm the enemy behind, so watch your back When the live brown hit the chamber, I'm the click clack When you run, I'm the danger, I'm the smack and the pimp slap I'm the shit that bubble up when you cook that crack The nigga that fucked up the party when I pull my strap The nigga that fucked all the hoes I'll be trying to mack I was scarface, sniffing with his nose in coke The nigga that taught your little brother how to cook that dope (Kane & Abel) The first nigga on the block that make your momma deep throat I'm the hustlin ass nigga with the watches and the cold [Master P] Where the real niggas at Where they at, where they at Where the real bitches at Where they at, where they at Where the hot boys at Where they at, where they at Where the hot girls at Where they at, where they at Where they at, where they at, where they at, where they at Where the hot boys at Where the hot girls at [Master P] I'm the balls on your cell, I'm the fire down in hell I'm the ice cream bells, I'm the gas you pump at shell Nigga, I'm the wheels on the tank, ha ha I'm the million dollars that you want from the bank I'm a diamond on a ring, I'm your brains when you think I'm your bartender when you drink, I'm OJ without the shank Nigga, I'm the M in fuckin mob (mob) I'm the clothes that you wear when you wanna jump shob I'm the super in dome, I'm the C in chrome I'm the hurricane that knock down your motherfucking home I'm the K in killer, I'm the D in drug dealer I'm the G in gangsta nigga, I'm the realest nigga That you ever wanna meet when you walking on the street I'm the gold on your teeth, I'm the nike's on your feet I'm the nigga that moan when he rap (uhhhhhhhhh) I'm the nigga that ran through your fucking hood and bust caps I'm the nigga with these rhymes, I'm the last don And I'm a end this motherfucker cause it aint no more time The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Mystikal, Silkk the Shocker Album: Ghetto D Song: Let's Get Em Yo locs nigga shit, I know you done whipped up this muthaphukkin dope, but we gonna break these niggas off. But, uh I need to go out and handle my buisiness with some of these niggas, cause uh niggas out here are rappin, or should I say yappin. They dont realize that, nigga this is real life. This reality. You know what Im sayin? Nigga when you say somethin about a nigga, you got to be ready to die for that shit. You know what Im sayin? I mean its like uh, niggas out here wanna be me. Heh. Niggas know the real from the fake man. I smell a muthafuckin jealousy everywhere I go. Niggas is wearin it. But uh, we bout to handle this muthafuckin shit. We gonna set the muthafuckin record straight. UGGGH. There they go There they go There they go UGGGHHH! Pass me them thangs Lets Get Em!   3 x I get swoll like a boulder Bitch Im a soldier Yall runnin from the rollers I slang tapes like crack My rhymes so pure you hit it with 2,7 8 come back And the game wont change cause Im the dopeman But why yall niggas still runnin all off at the mouth man TRU niggas dont talk shit We in the game stackin Gs Yall niggas still tryna get me With playas and hustlas But chall cant make no money Cause yall niggas BUSTAS! Hahm Bra The game wont change Yall niggas mad cause Master P got some change Seen a nigga in the ghetto slangin dope Now yall buyin my shit out the record store And yo baby momma lovin me And everytime you turn on the TV I feel ya muggin me But I cant be stopped Cause real TRU niggas make their money from slangin rocks Heh yall niggas slangin bunk rhymes Thats why Im in the game, and I got mine And yall Jewish brothas hollerin that black shit Quick to sell a muthafucka to the white bitch For 15% That aint enough money to pay my muthafuckin rent I made a movie nigga think Im slangin coke a lees Nobody questions Bill when hes smokin weed And Pac and Biggie taught me a lesson What? Never leave without your Smith N Wesson. Bitch you went from the man that go AHHH And the man that go UGGH I ought to be proof up your ass that there just aint no limit to the shit we been doin Only way to keep you from sayin my name is to put my dick in your mouth I piss on your porch, shit in your house Somebody said that you were talkin about me I heard that I could fuck you up with words but you dont deserve that Go ahead rhymes rest your fuckin barber, but hurry back I took a brain outta my own head Whip yo ass with one of my platts You mad cause Im bringin home big ol shows my nigga with no tax Jumpin cause we got a bigger fan bases and gold plats Unfortunately a couple of things that in this industry that niggas dont understand 90 percent of this shit is your buisiness 10 percent of this shit is your timing Slangin tapes across the whole planet Mystikal, Master P, Silkk tha Shocker We gonna keep this bitch jammin Above the standard No Limit on the charts slammin Fuckin wit what we planned Well gonna leave you dead where you standin Aint that fool yall Whenever we have to fuckin talk We be silent Or should I say real silent Real niggas they speak with fuckin violence Thats why I play a muthafucka like hockey They mad cause they ho jock me They cant stop me So their result is to fuckin copy I say P where they at? There they go I spot em I got em Got EM! Probably man thinks they on the muthafuckin top they on the bottom See uh, you run your mouth Nigga, Ill be like nigga what! What Tryna talk some shit about em, they wanna be just like us! They talk about one They talk about all of fuckin us Fuckin white roll real killas dealas who dont give a fuck! See Im on some evil murderous devil shit Got some niggas over they head they couldnt get off I was the devilest So what you sayin nigga I roll with niggas with big triggers Million dolla shit niggas with big figures Tru niggas Yall can tell, we soldiers off the back We dont fuck around we stay strapped Fucked up talkin bout you know where we at Wherever, whenever, however it goes I wash your mouth out with soap Rush to you outside know what Im sayin No fuckin mo! Here we go All yall fake ass niggas. Nigga gon get chall. Cause you know what? A real TRU nigga, when he go to jail, he never rat on his potna. He get caught by the police TRU niggas dont talk. Whenever TRU nigga falled off in the street, he hustles. Cause TRU niggas know how to pop back up. They dont need to use other niggas names. Another niggas muthafuckin game. A TRU nigga is a muthafuckin man. Gotta stand on his own nigga. All yall fake niggas, yall eventually gonna fade with the muthafuckin wind. Until then nigga we bout it bout it n rowdy rowdy nigga. No Limit for life. T-R-U nigga And when I say T-R-U, I mean the whole No Limit family. The muthafuckin group TRU, Master P, Cmurder, and Silkk nigga. Family. Remember that. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Fiend, Mia X, Mystikal, Silkk Album: Ghetto Dope Song: Make Em' Say Uhh! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (revised version) *dialtone, touch tone buttons being pushed, phone rings twice* No Limit Studios, whassup? 	Who dis is? Who dis is? Nigga, this Rappin 4-Tay, who is this? 	Oh dis P P?! *said with disbelief* 	Yeah dis P! P?! (Yeah) Well if this P lemme hear ya say ungggggggggggh 	UngnGNGYAHAHgngnnghh *voice cracking* This ain't no motherfuckin P! 	Man, hang the phone up [MP] Ungggggghh, na-nah na-nah [MP] Make em say UNGGGGGGH (UNGGGGGGH)   Na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah) [Master P] Nigga, I'm the colonel of the motherfuckin tank Y'all after big thangs, we after big bank 3rd Ward hustlas, soldiers in combats Convicts and dealers, and killers with TRU tats Never gave a fuck bout no hoes on our riches And niggaz come short, I'm diggin ditches M.P. pullin stripes, commander-in-chief And fools run up wrong, nigga I'm knockin out some teeth I'm down here slangin, rollin with these hustlers Tryin to get rid of all you haters and you bustas Steppin on cold, break a niggaz nose In the projects niggaz anything goes Breakin fools off cause I'm a No Limit soldier At ease now salute, this pass me the doja Chorus: Master P and No Limit Make em say UNGGGGGGH (UNGGGGGGH) Na-nah na-nah (na-nah na-nah) (repeat 3X) [Fiend] Fiend exercisin this right, of exorcism bustin out the expedition Bullets choppin haters business to about the size of prisms our mission They heard we scary, No Limit mercenary No tellin how bad it get, because the worst'll vary I heard you make em worry, that this for the loot They intimidated by the rounds that the tank shoot Tank Dogs salute! Every robbery in store, cause they know everything Fiend know, mean mo' money mo' Little Fiend still want the greens, the cornbread and the cabbage In your hood, remindin you bitches of who the baddest Definitely the maddest, so the crime gon' stick em up My UNGGGGGGH went twice (ungh, ungh) And ended with nine, get em Chorus (2X) [Silkk the Shocker] P gon' make ya say UNGGGGGGH, I'ma make you say OWWWWWWWW I'm not Eric B but guaranteed to Move this motherfuckin Crowd I stay on like light switches, money, cause I like riches Hittin nothin but tight bitches, call me, I might hit ya Nigga make em say nah-nah-nah, don't trip After I bust yo' shit, then after that say na-nah-nah-nah I hang with niggaz, I do my thang with niggaz (unggggh) They wanna know if I gangbang, cause I hang with a whole gang of niggaz So when, we connect bitch better respect this, I step quick Cause I got a, vicious right hand but ya know what? My left is quick! Silkk, you the type of nigga that promotes violence? You might be right cause I'll step in the club and say somethin to get that motherfucker start to, fightin!! (Bout it!!) Bad as vogues, I'm cold, extra see through ?P-G? never fuckin knockin niggaz cause I make em all see 3-D And P-D's the game that I spit, No Limit Soldiers got my back I run this motherfucker, TRU niggaz And I, betcha y'all niggaz ya say, "Bet!" Chorus (2X) [Mia X] We capitalize and monopolize on everything we see keep pistols drawed and cocked, we got the industry locked, we can't be stopped, too hot Check the spots that we got, on Billboard This Tank can set up roadblocks, we fadin all you hoes Want some mo? Then let's go, stretch you out like elastic Zip that ass up in plastic, have ya folks pickin caskets We drastic, our tactics is homegrown in the ghetto So feel the wrath of this sista, it's like you fightin 10 niggaz Forget the baby boys, it's the biggest mamma Mia The Unlady Like diva, lyrical man eater, believe her Or see her, and get that ass embarrassed If you're a decision maker, guaranteed you'll get carried away So stay in yo' place, when ya hear mamma speakin Cannon spray, clear the way, when ya see The Tank creepin Chorus (2X) [Mystikal] Hi I'm that nigga that rap and stick-up Joe when they won't know how to do it You could be the little bitty skinny motherfucker with the braids in his hair Usin limos and choppers too I done paid my dues, but still played the blues Nigga play me like you was scared to lose I'm still a fool, you ain't heard the news I was a No Limit nigga, makin major moves I won't stop now, bitch, I can't stop You can't stop me, so bitch don't try we We TRU soldiers, we don't die We keep rollin, na-nah-nah-nah-nah All aboard, bitch it's like a choir inside The group goin hallelujah Niggaz goin to war, got to fightin and shootin inside rumors Bitches be sayin he there, we there, BEWARE!!! C there, Silkk there Fiend there, Mamma there, P there Ain't no salary cap, on top of my dollars I roll with nothin, but them No Limit riders I gets down nigga, I hold my tank up high Watch how many bitches get wild, na-nah na-nah Chorus and fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Mystikal, Silkk, Snoop Album: MP Da Last Don Song: Soldiers, Riders and G's Typed by: kyleman3@yahoo.com [Snoop] ha ha ha hagreeting niggas and niggetts the underground dog is back up in yall one more again for the cause breakin all off for my TRU tank dogs Mystikal, Sillk, and yo P (uuungh) lets keep this shit straight G and do this for all the ridas, soldias and gangstas ya heard me [Master P] We ridas, we ridas, we ridas [Snoop and Mystikal] Nigga lets slide to the side where them gangstas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga then lets slide to the side where them soldias ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga yeah lets slide to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga lets slide to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga [Sillk] its yo 504 boys blastin one mo  then we bust and here we go  then hit the mothafuckin flow cause I be bringin the pain like two fifty ?? and I blow all couple killas, drug dealas lookin P stupid Mystikal and we be on these fake mothafuckin niggas like it was a corner back see much time I was lookin for yall niggas and um now we want it back we stayin strapped wit two two threes  wit mothafuckin g's do everything from OZ's to keys blowin weed by da trees now all my south to west them niggas rowdy and all them niggas that north to da east them niggas get bout it (uuungh) [Snoop and Mystikal] nigga lets slide to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lets slide to the side where them soldias ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lets ride to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga [Mystikal] we fuck we smoke we bank we blast when we gona rap with my car car around yo mothafuckin makin hang yo ass bring yo ass got a hundred round to sting yo ass oh yeah I got somethin fo yo stanky ass Snoop fuckin wit this bitch you can't get mad its a big bank thang so we actin bad now tell me I'm the shit like I don't know we represent them niggas out that five o fo thug niggas and goodfellas thats why they sell us Master P the fuckin ?? so we do what they tell us I bet you gon just run up ain't nobody gon pop ya might be Sillk, thats why they call 'im the shocka  [Snoop and Mystikal] nigga lets slide to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lets slide to the side where them gangtas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga [Snoop] one lone lee D P I C  hangin on the corner wit my hand on my heat I always keep a roach in my baseball cap I page P fo a double up  an that nigga ain't even call me back I strode to the spot where my sack is at I look up an I see P flaggin me down in a caddillac I jump in, I kickin in he grinnin then he give me my transmitter thang cause I gang bang wit that tech nine now take me to the spot where them gangstas at so I can set up shop an rock my new glock I'm a ridah if they ain't told ya I'm a full time gangsta and a No Limit soldiah D O double gizzy gots ta get busy from the south to da west we ridahs hatas miss me [Snoop and Mystikal] nigga lets ride to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lest slide to the side wher them gangstas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lets slide to the side where them soldias ride boom boom boom on yo bitch as nigga [Master P] mercinary soldias, convicts and killas drug dealas, thug niggas, now the world gon feel us I represent a million niggas thats rowdy and bout it and if you down they'll do whatever niggas screamin and shoutin it ain't No Limit, no gimmick, from begginin to endin niggas hate Mystikal  pass me them thangs an lets get em\ hit Snoop and lets ridetell Sillk go inside an if anybody home, then everybody die  nigga, we don't talk nigga  we do that gangsta walk an when we ride, its yellow tape an white chalk [Snoop and Mystikal] nigga lets ride to the side where them gangstas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lets slide to the side where them ridas ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga nigga lets slide to the side where them soldias ride boom boom boom on yo bitch ass nigga [Master P] We ridas nigga Master P, Sillk the Shocker,Mystikal and Snoop Dogg whole mothafuckin No Limit troops we ridas we ridas  we ridas nigga we don't talk we ridas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Fiend, Mystikal, Silkk, Snoop Dogg Album: MP Da Last Don Song: War Wounds Typed by: NLRlyricz@hotmail.com [Master P] Every soldier got a story to tell [Fiend] I done been through it all Don't ask the way I shoot cuz I done shot (uggh) Put a tank on my block Fiend gone get the scene hot Greens and rocks Burnin' flesh Have you ever smelled nigga? Been tapped up, ready to die from mail niggas Straight goin' to hell But livin' the dirty, dirty Havin' yah mama worry That (?) Tired of being blast at, but didn't cast that I done asked for my life, and right there was laughed at But when I backtracked, (?) Blast back Told 'em to cast that, take these rounds and add that But fact is you don't fuckin' choose yo' wars Or be like me muthafucka and do it with two guns [Chorus--Master P x3] Check my war wounds (uggggh) My war wounds (ugggh) Every soldier got a story to tell [Master P] My adversarys get popped Got me runnin' from cops The ghetto life be a dime Got me carryin' two glocks My enemies is bad Chop limes of grass Drive-bys and rags And representin' red and blue flags See I got fools from the ghetto Like my cousin' Jimmy wear permanent metals My evidence is satus with hoes Bloody Polos Pullin' in car do's And cut up Jabos [Chorus--Master P x2] [Silkk the Shocker] I'm down tah blast for my homies And cash for my homies Even if I'm old G I'll be down to ride and die If the hood call me That's why I be hustin' every day Could you imagine me with no stash? Like a bank with no cash Tryna' drive a car with no gas And fuck one day with no tag? Shotgun with no class Window with no glass Or all you girls with no ass See I'm a risky rider Caliope crawler A Down South Hustla Plus a head buster from New Orleans See I gotta be a paid nigga A made nigga Be the nigga to bust yo' shit And the nigga tah be the grave digga See my tattoos reveal some of the shit I done did But the move of other niggas that bout it Feel the shit I do just tah live See I been scared, popped at, and shot at But I live an eye for eye So the enemies I ain't forgot that [Chorus--Master P x2] [Mystikal] It's real, shit's real check my war wounds This here real life, ain't no fuckin' cartoons I'm the Saudi Arabian death killin' veteran on the tube Either me or you right here Come back and hang out in my room I done shot my rifle, trained to kill Got blood on my fatiques Once you in ain't no turnin' back Lay yo' ass over seas Might as well handle your business There's no overcome to this shit Be on yo' Ps and Qs nigga Don't cry like no bitch You see a weak nigga, that's a beat nigga And fuck a stead nigga, that's a dead nigga Tell my mama not to worry bout me why I'm gone If I die bitch, box me up and ship me back home Bury me in the N.O. with my stripes on my chest Tell them muthafuckas that I did my best Middle finga pointin' sayin' fuck Iraq If you don't believe me check my combat pack [Chorus--Master P x3] [Snoop Dogg] I got a muthafuckin' story to tell Nigga, nigga what? A muthafuckin' story to tell (What?) Fool, I got a muthafuckin' story tah tell And every nigga in the jail cell knows it well I shank niggas, bank niggas Do mo' fo' show Seven cluckas, fake dough Stayin' way cut throat I hang out, slang out, at hotel rooms Up all night gettin' in gun fights I strike my head on the wall Seven Eight ward Eastside, rollin' dubs Call me big Snoop Dogg Follow me, and you'll see how Gs move It's written on my face I takes my war wounds Been around drama since me and my mama Use to listen to oldies That's why I'm so old G Look, when half of you niggas couldn't come outside When ya'll was learnin how tah sing I was learnin' how tah bang and ride Fo' sho' bro, I told yah Im'a gangsta soulja, blowin' doja What a story tah tell.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Mystikal Album: Only God Can Judge Me Song: Y'all Don't Want None Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Master P] This goes to all y'all BITCH ASS niggaz that got the motherfuckin game twisted Get it how you live, hehehehe [Mystikal] UH-OHHHHHHHHHH! (Hoody hoooo!) It's on! [Master P] - repeat 6X It's on now nigga we ready (it's on!) I'm on the block, and I keep my nine cocked I got a problem - it's handled, with some automatic shots See I'm a thug - and I love to smoke weed And I'm a hustler - that mean I love to serve fiends I'm from the 3rd Ward, Callio', and I'ma represent it You don't know me? You better stay out of my business cause I float like a butterfly and I sting like a bee But nigga I don't box, I'm the M to the P I crush domes - I got some niggaz that'll break bones And if I can't catch you, then I'ma follow yo' bitch home We got beef - then you know I can't sleep And if it's a war - then we can take it to the streets [Master P] - repeat 4X It's on now nigga we ready (it's on!) [Mystikal] P fuck them niggaz - bout to get the duct tape and WRAP THIS BITCH UP Talkin that shit on the record you better be ready to BACK THAT SHIT UP Ya, mama ain't gon' let cha come outside if she know what I'ma do to you Hatin behind our back but when you see us you hollerin hoody hoo (HOODY HOOO!) Fake ass record companies, y'all niggaz is roody-poot Y'all niggaz ain't soldiers on the street Y'all niggaz is dick in the booty (y'all don't want none) Bitch I'm CURSIN, cause it's PERSONAL (y'all don't want none) Use my name I'm gon' be STOMPIN, CHOKIN, HURTIN Jump in that water if you wanna I'ma catch y'all in that corner, pull it out and PUT IT ON YA Y'all bitches got more mouth than you got heart You got more hype than you got money Y'all niggaz don't want me to start! We see more millions in a year than y'all niggaz gon' know about Let a nigga get a little attention then a nigga wan' show out But we gon' stay bout it through the 2000 and check domes Oahkayyyyyyy... BRING IT ON! [Master P] Y'all don't want none, we ready Y'all don't want none, we ready Y'all don't want none, we ready We ready, we ready [Master P] - repeat 8X It's on now nigga we ready (it's on!) [Master P] - repeat 4X over last two parts Down South niggaz we ready East coast niggaz we ready West coast niggaz we ready Midwest niggaz we ready [Master P] We ready, we ready, we ready, we ready Hahah real niggaz, we ready Real bitches, we ready No Limit, we ready All my soldiers, we ready Haaaaaaa, ain't nuttin changed nigga We still the same The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mercedes f/ Master P, Mystikal Album: Rear End Song: Hush Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com Mystikal talking:  Now look baby  If I kick it with you like that You can't be runnin your mouth and stuff Cause you know what time it is You know what's happening you gotta keep it on the under  nawl im sayin can you handle that? Chorus: (Mystikal) Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Shut your mouth, it's just between us Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Don't say nothing, it's just between us Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Don't tell nobody, cause this is just between us Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Shut your mouth, don't say nothing Verse 1 (Mystikal): If we gonna peep it, we can keep it,  she don't know that we creepin Just beep me, when you be tweaking,  and I give it to you whenever you need me However you want it, call on me, I'm all on it I'm all over it, but I ain't gotta tell you cause you already know it Forget what you feelin', cause we gotta keep in check If we gotta be on the cool, look and respect,  beside me like whenever we met You know what you feelin',  It's on you but keep that bitch out of our business I got it and manage it, but you know ?? sentences You know why I got em, stay on top of em, and ride em and if your runnin' your mouth,  I'm tellin you girl, I don't need your problems You wanna fuck with the man?,  before we go to work we gonna need an understanding You can't be sayin' shit can you handle this? Chorus: (Mystikal) Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Shut your mouth, it's just between us Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Don't tell nothing, it's just between us Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Don't say nothing, cause this is just between us Can you keep a secret? Hush, Hush Shut your mouth, don't say nothing Verse 2: (Mercedes) Now I ain't gonna lie baby you my nigga we be discussing shit  Thats supposed to be between us, a just like a bitch You jaw-jacking and yapping on my business I got the answer cause right here is where we end shit If that's not it you got us caught up in a web of desception they ain't your friends they are you down-fall  baby just stay focused, we all know you better keep your eyes on your eniemes and you better watch your friends cause your unknown and your tone, and next time you hear something  you better just keep yo' secret, hush hush Master P talking:  Hell yeah We got L-E in here for the 9 9  Miss Mercedes, and lest-o with the best-o Mystikal If you can't keep a secret, you need to keep your mouth closed ya heard me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mia X f/ C-Murder, Fiend, Mac, Mystikal, Skull Dugery Album: Mama Drama Song: Bring it On Typed By: Rattlur@aol.com [Fiend]  What's going on out there in Soldier world,  This fiend the excited private nigga act like you know me. Here to reperesent on Mia X Miss Mama Drama Shit.(Mama Drama Nigga) Here we have, Mac the shell shocker, skull dugery, C motherfucking murder, mystikal,  and last but not least fiend the exicted private here to represent like this  ya heard me?  Chorus: Fiend (repeat 4X) Cock, bust, squeeze, aim  We No Limit soldiers nigga you know our name [Mia X] What y'all niggas really come to do  If you with me tell them soldier haters fuck you (fuck you) I said what y'all bitches really come to do If you with me tell them soldier haters fuck you (Fuck you) Tru niggas on the front line ready to squeeze  Bitches think before you speak cause you don't want none of these Left, Right, left, roundhouse Cause every time I brings it on somebody gets knocked out About as bout it bout it as it gets it's that bitch Mia X lady no limit (yeah that bitch) Mama 4-star (yeah that bitch) You don't wanna go to war (That's that bitch) Drill me, I make ya feel me like ya dick in burning pussy Lyrical beats off in that street nigga I'm no rookie I'm the drama in your heart when your people get killed The most respect gangsta bitch on the real  Cause I will [Chorus x2] [Fiend] Whomp whomp Remember me I tote a shoty military gunfare  just one day paper weight, hands and arrest legs I ain't scared, I done prayed for all the consequences brand new glock inventions and killers with bad intentions forget to mention don't mind my neck on the line Give my moms the insurance money and cards for valentines I ain't died burn no coffin don't pour no crony on me.  Smoked in the zone stashed throw me taking what the owe me I the the soldiers in the fatigues, full of weed Ready to bleed  behind what I believe The tank and we  Indeed boy I hemed these, the message with bent knees And notes around their necks signed bitch Fiend sent these [Mac] I hit the block yelling shell shocked From the streets to the motherfucking cell block If you with me cock it back and them shells pop. If we gone die then we gone die letting off shots. Woah there nigga  Don't fuck around, don't fuck around with this click,  Cause haters eat dick and shit through them tubes bitch I used to murder murder back when I was seventeen,  Got with that tank now it's all about that mean green And I get ya open like the waffle house.  That shit get real when I pull that rifle out Kill kill mama drama told me bust, there aint't nothing to discuss  So if you won't gone get the fuck if you ain't riding with us [Skull Dugery] Now everybody wants to play the game I brings the force like the Desert storm Bring the pain like the land bring Motherfuckers must dismiss when I enter they shit From house to house, to block to block to the project bricks Every hood them thuggish soldeirs taking over, I told ya.  It's No Limit bringing the pain The other level of the game.  Niggas disrecpet they get dealt with,  You be in that pillow in that wooden box riding in that long black dick.  You feelin this nigga you know one thing is real Fucking with No Limit niggas and top dog skills Niggas gonna get ya,  Fell ya and then ya peel ya, Niggas you gonna feel this, Soldier shit ya dig it? [Chorus x2] [C-Murder] Nigga what? make some rum I'm about to throw down.  I ain't no motherfucking homey but you about to get clowned.  No limit soldiers get Rowdy, raise the roof like luke,  we be some true tank doggs ask my niggas Fiend and Snoop  Capital N-O capital L-I-M-I-T Until I D-I-E and that's no L-I-E.  So bitch get off me before I spit some shit  And break your ass off with a .45 and an extra clip They call me C-murder cause I put one in your dome I come through your set and leat you laying at home I hang with killers and dealers, weed smokers and G's No Limit soldiers don't fall off so fuck my enemies [Chorus x2] [Mystikal] If I come from around corner Imma knock up your head Shouldn't have been fucking with the nigga from enunciation  Fucking with the nigga with the fucked up attitude and the bad pronunciation That's why I come across rude loud and obnoxious every other word gone be profane Farting spitting and grabbing my dick like I ain't got no fucking home training Even if it's 5 o'clock in the morning and the song ain't done I ain't leaving.  I'll take all day but when I finish the bitch have your head hurting and your ears bleeding From having no money barley eating Not goning no where rarly leaving To steak and shrimp every evening gone all day, busy as a beaver I'm a soldier told ya, now I'ma show ya Doing it over, I got the end of the M-16 explode You don't wanna, ain't gonna go to war Shoot to kill, forward march [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mia X and Mystikal Album: Unlady Like Song: Get It Straight 1st Verse: A lyrical ruckus has erupted and fucked wit' yo' manhood When I get up and start bustin niggas just be like *ugh* get out my way, from this day on I put a dent in this shit I know a lot of bitches thought it, but mama's endin' this shit been in this shit My aim is to disfigure yo' style and put it to sleep because the industry don't need no freaks meanwhile, my clique is settin' up shop on yo' block and KLC got every car, bumpin' these ignorant knocks Fuck them cops, and the mics, bitch I know my shit's tight just show us pain from the street, is what them niggas like No half-steppin', my hooptie is a legend, shall we talk numbers? Pull my bankbook out, and watch these figures stun ya, run ya Why you niggas be lyin' on records? Hoes barrin' marked hoes from D.O's to I don't know, but check it why y'all fakin' tha funk? I raise my right hand trust, everything you see wit' No Limit belongs to us, let's get straight Chorus: Mystikal Let's get it straight, you gon' know her when you see her that's mama, the biggest mama, mama Mia (2 Times) 2nd Verse: Now I'm unlady like, my verses hit yo' ears like Boo-Yah!! I wear the pants in every freestyle stance with my verbal hoo-ride do I, ever slack up on that ass? Hell no I threw the K well away, so it's so swell it stays so what you know about me is just I'm 'bout it, 'bout it and that our mob's T-R-U because they rowdy, rowdy, no doubt Hey those beats, was meant for me like a cellmate my brown lips fucked the piss out his 8-0-8 Drum kicks, and then they creep like TLC and hella fast with O-Down, Mo B. Dick and Craig B The beats, by the pound, nigga, best beware y'all ain't even comin' close to what they puttin' out there My mama, got the drama, for any hoe, but mainly all you Milli Vanilli hens who ain't got no pen better know No Limit, I represent it, in a minute, to win it with the gold and platinum finish Let's get it straight Chorus 3rd Verse: Late niggas be writin' all kinds of fucked up shit about my family P, Silkk, C, and my tank doggs, but we ain't even trippin punk critics, nah, you almost cryin', we'll buy up every publication and put you out a job, you still shy, everyday nigga think we can't? Contemplate before you come to walk against a tank I'm tellin' you one more gin', may have you where I want but best keep hidin' behind them pen names cuz I know you don't, wanna see us, because you wish, for a grant you hit. One mo' time hoe, and yo' ass gon' meet the fish, of the M-I-Crooked letter-Crooked letter-I Humpback, humpback, I ain't lyin We on a mission, wit' nothin' but ebonics comin' through yo' system, flippin' rocks for phonics, but it's crime because you listenin And you bob yo' head, better than a hooker, but yo' jealousy got you hatin' sayin' I woulda', they shoulda', they coulda what?! We got the plat-screen property ebbin' us, but most of all we still black owned and independent, let's get it straight! Chorus: Both [Mystikal] Let's get it straight, you gon' know her when you see her     that's mama, the biggest mama, Mama Mia     Get it straight, you gon' know her when you see her     that's mama, the baddest mama, Mama Mia     Get it straight, you gon' know her when you see her     that's mama, the biggest, baddest mama, Mama Mia     Get it straight, Get it Straight! [Mia X]  Tru...No Limit...Mama Mia... [Mystikal] So the next time you say "Yo Mama",     you better slow down, and think about what you doin'! [Mia X]  I'm out this bitch!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mia X f/ Mystikal, Fiend, Mac, Kane & Abel Album: Mama Drama Song: Puttin' it Down Typed By: Whatsyfsm@aol.com Silk talking Yo Kl.....what the motherfuckin deal nigga fuck you make some shit like this for this shit too motherfuckin hard we just gon put this motherfuckin shit down yo Mystikal fuck that nigga see I got some rowdy niggas with me now Mystikal, tell me how you put it down nigga what [Mystikal] I puts it down like my fuckin braids I puts it down like them 7 days of the unfertilized egg I put it down like a punk do pussy I put it down the way a fat bitch eat chocolate chip cookies I put it down like it's 300 pounds, SPOT ME I put it down the way Mr. T did the first time he fought Rocky I put it down like trap doors and slippery floors put it all the way down like privates to stripper's clothes I put it down the way you put down that shitty baby I come to get down, but I put down on sheets of paper they scared of it, the way I flow and how I think I puts it down like the round out the tank Silk UHH OHH told ya'll nigga we puttin it down that's it no more no less but I got Mac, Kane & Abel up next so Mac hit em with something tell em what they done got [Mac] whoaa I puts it down like them killas uptown or like when your momma catch you suckin somethin that you shouldn't suck clown (boy put that down) I puts it down like a live round murder murder or like them vegetarians do to hamburger I puts it down like when the cops say freeze motherfucker put that pistol down put your hands up and drop to your knees and when you see me lay it down don't nobody make a sound you know I spray it down if I catch you on my ground I'm that nigga with that pistol that hits you when you flex and go to jail do 1 day and get out cause I got connections and umm I puts it down like the last don soldiers get your blast on whoaa [Kane & Abel] I put it down like a nigga got snuck in the chin put it down like when the SGT holler give me 10 put it down like cement shoes when they drop in the river put it down like my rocks when the po pos chasin a nigga I put it down like a casket goin down 6 feet or something like them dice when they bouncin off the street put it down like some shit when it hit the toilet put it down like some coke when I'm bout to boil it put it down like babies fallin out the bed I put it down like the soldier rag saggin on Mac head put it down like Pippen on a fast break put it down like freaks hittin the ground  after beat down on Jerry Springer tape wait put it down like shells hittin the ground  when I'm bustin rounds put it down like beats by the motherfuckin pound KL in the 1st round Silk AHHHHHHHH Mama Drama and Fiend up next Nigga What [Mia X] I puts it down like pens and pad like Mama Drama rhymes with the mind of nostradamus the bombest droppin on Pearl Harbor nigga yeah that's the way I lets it go I puts it down like Reecee at the stone show I puts it down like four flats on the deserted row with no gun, phone, or triple eight to save you hoes I puts it down like mommsha's lips on satan's dick and you love it I puts it down like yea & glass, jars from waters bubblin  still tubblin I puts it down like Roy Jones' opponents lookin up at the referrees so haters you don't want none I puts it down like sit down mothefucker be quiet I puts it down like billy clubs smashin heads during the riot excited cause I puts it down like that niggas hands when his fingers got a chance to feel past my underpants I puts it down like order in the court no doubt and lays it down like the motherfuckin rules in mama's house [Fiend] I come around hype put it down like how it sound like vicious I put my name on my game style tight like a dyke does bitches watch me excite these bitches once they know who I be  bustin out the expedition ???????? did you see me on MTV blowin zone up in the zone put down my # on paper because I wanna put a down on I done clown zones, I'm a bust rounds on see I'm a Jones and I put it down like Cedric fame by louisiana up in the dome see I'm blown but usually I'm foolie when I'm bad with the toolie puttin it down like the first fan at I'm bout it the movie give me my tank and my duty pack a coolies and roll me a sweet when I'm up in them seats put it down like my first week to meet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mia X and Mystikal Album: Unlady Like Song: Who Got Tha Clout? Intro: Who Got Tha Clout? Don't act surprised cuz it's that bitch from the South. Pumpin' out the N-O. You don't want no clout. Who Got Tha Clout? Don't act surprised cuz it's that bitch from the South. 1st Verse [Mia X]: Who's 'bout to come? Who they cleared the way for? Who all them niggas respect? Who got them hoes scared to flex? Well here's a track that gets wrecked. Who's got the industry hexed? Well now, it's mama, full of marijuana. Headline nigga, whatcha' whatcha' want, huh? You can see them niggas writin' rhymes, but don't need none, want some. Hoes run from these here, who gon still be the boss bitch next year? Who ain't gotta brag cuz the realness is there? Who be havin' muthafuckas bucked everywhere? When you think the biggest mama, who be on yo' fuckin' mind? When you hear 'bout it, 'bout it,  who you waitin' for to rhyme? Whose time is now? Who you can't doubt? Who's got clout? Say my name loud. Bridge One: Mia X (4 Times) [Records Scratching] Mia...X... When Mystikal hits the door. Verse Two [Mystikal]: You better hold yo' breath, cuz I'ma leave this bitch SMOKIN', like ganja. Not only will I run 'ya, BITCH I'LL RUN BEHIND 'YA. I, stay sharper than yo' barbershop barber, it's my honor, to rock it wit' the biggest mama. I ROLLS, like hoes jaws go off from, RAW, it's me the meat claws off. Oh, you supposed to be balla? It take tall props to call shots, that's bigger than bald spots, y'all workin' off small pox. You know, like I know, leave yo' fuckin' jaws locked, stop worryin' 'bout niggas thats out to leave, work what y'all got. Believe none of what you hear, and some of what you saw, Mystikal, Mia X, who the fuck you think it's for? Look we ain't yo' standard his and hers rap duo, we cut the fuckin' fool, who try somethin' TRU. Been bustin' ass since days of old school, I refuse to leave this bitch without my props and the jewels. Bridge Two: When Mystikal Hits The Door, How ya' daughter got popped (7 Times) When Mystikal Hits The Door, When Mystikal Hits The Door Verse Three [Both]: [Mia X] Mama comes through this bitch, like Hurricane    Bessy, messy hoes know, chill wit that ass like    a mill. [Mystikal] I know they knew this ain't no damn Jack and Jill,     we run this fuckin' hill, got this bitch locked down,     so tight, zipped up, shit sealed! [Mia] Still, I gotta keep my pocketbook filled... [Mys] And you WILL, just gotta keep my wallet on til'.    Build our nine together, watch what kinda car we build.    Nigga better find some silence fo' yo'self, stop walkin' on    STEEL. [Mia] For real, you know we actin' plum donkey, black prince    of the South and mama Mia tag teamin' boku funky... [Mys] Stankin' like Monkey Shit! [Mia] On the side of Limberger... [Mys] On top of fart rocks... [Mia] Washed down with skunk piss. [Mys] I don't think they heard us,     stop trippin' cuz you playin' wit' yo'self,    bitch we rappin' for the world, just say that shit to yourself. [Mia] Intentions of wealth, who you see?   That nigga wit' the braids, and that squeaky voiced bitch,   lyrics hurtin' yo' head for days, nigga. Representin' the   South, fuck all that asshole and nasty, you gonna   gimme my clout. Outro: I represent... Who got the clout?... (10 Times) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mia X w/ TRU (Master P, C-Murder, Silkk) and Mystikal Album: Unlady Like Song: You Don't Wanna Go 2 War What's up all ya'll real soldiers? (Uuunnnggghhh!!!) All ya'll niggaz in Baton Rouge. (It's MP, MP! MP) Shreveport. (the muthafuckin colonel) Alabama. (The Colonel!) Kansas. And it's time to salute. (At ease!) North Carolina. South Carolina. The first muthafuckin lady of the tank! (on the muthafuckin tank!) The tank! (Feel this!) Detroit. The hardest bitch you ever heard! (the hardest bitch you ever heard) D.C. (Uuunnnggghhh) Mia X! (Mia X!) Mia X! Unlady Like! (Unlady Like!) Unlady Like! Chorus: repeat 3X You don't wanna, go to war with a soldier No Limit, TRU nigga, I thought I told ya! [Mia X] Mamma! Four star lady general, picture the tank I represent, get ya bucked, and I ain't to be fucked with Nigga, lyrical, lyrical, ghetto she-devil Below the sea level (New Orleans) chills the illest sista Quick to get ya tangled in my web of gangsta pictures Descriptive vocals, who's the black widow I flow to Red Sea, flooded the rap in the streets, started the week And got my props in and out of bloody cheddar cheese Betta keep yo negativity about No Limit on the under My verbal warfare will shake that ass like thunder I thunder, man, they wanna be bad hoes, so ask yo-self,  Can you handle any physical encounters with moi? Huh? My thug entourage lives for rollin them blunts,  Totin them guns, tearin shit up, what?  There is no street bitch, rollin with niggas,  Flowin with niggas, holdin they own with niggas Like Mama Mia, and her kid sista Lady Smith and Wesson, 9 milli-heata splitta Forever with the, TRU soldiers, till I die We gon ride, smoke weed, and drop lyrical keys Chorus (2X) [Master P] ??? Reebok, laced up, strapped with my hardhat Army fatigues, strapped, and I'm ready for combat Fool, I got that ghetto sold like ?Lebanon? And P be the commander, chief, call me the black Sylvester Stallone Eyes ever red, cause I'm gon off that dolja Raise ya guns high if you a No Limit Soldier Fool, till I die, I'm a represent the tank, A colonel's any nigga in the ghetto makin bank Gats cocked for hatas, suckas can't fade us Got niggaz representin from Louis, Florida, to Vegas Mississippi to Oklahoma, New Orleans to California Cleveland, Ohio, Atlanta to Tacoma Texas, Evansville, to fuck it, Indianapolis, Augusta Niggaz rowdy, just bout that cabbage, Gats TRUed up, gon off that green and hennesy Like Pac say, fool, keep ya fuckin eyes on ya enemies I be dunkin niggaz in the hood just like Stackhouse I'm known, any nigga in the ghetto could say "ungh!" and watch hoes pass out Chorus (2X) [C-Murder] Bitch I'm breakin bread with muthafuckin killas And I'm slangin tapes, to muthafuckin drug dealas And I'm representin, No Limit to the fullest TRU nigga till I'm dead, gimme the trigga, I'm gon pull it Nigga pass the weed, cause I'm bout to get high And hatas watch ya ass, cause ya ass is gonna die We be No Limit niggaz, and we bout it We come to a club, and get the muthafucka rowdy Bitch, I'm TRUed up, cause I'm in it P is the colonel, I'm the muthafuckin lieutenant Soldiers Chorus (2X) [Silkk] Ya'll don't wanna go to war Cause I'm off the muthafuckin tank, bitch Ya'll think ya'll could, ya'll can't hang Bitch, I'm a tell ya as a fact, ya'll can't, bitch Military mind, or should I say military schemes Count my fly radio ??? pull a hit off in the daytime without bein seen Cause I'm a N-O, L-I, M-I-T soldier I tried and told ya, fuck repeatin myself over Niggaz start runnin, I start bustin, niggaz be hidin and duckin You could be off and rushin, I got problems still can touch ya Nigga fuck ya, no bustas, just soldiers and hustlas I'm good with my gun, but if it jams I resort to my knuckles Cause if you ain't a soldier, then you ain't shit And if you ain't a soldier, then what's yo purpose, bitch? Chorus (2X) [Mystikal] Together we make more noise than clash of the titans Bring mo game than we fightin I done hooked up with the Colonel, give a fuck if you like it Keepin bitches excited, recycle hatas that trifle, Get vital with rivals, got hoes awaitin my arrival Call them people for me, I'm on fire Scorchin hot, rhyme thrower, if yo ass get burned, don't hold me liable We move far, can't go to war past 16 toys You know who we are, we No Limit Soldiers we step when we march I want yo respect like a direct order from ?Freestar? Niggaz get scared when I come through, bitch, I'm expectin five stars Bitch ??? never overload rounds to be shot We mercenary soldiers, we can't be stopped! Bitch, we soldiers! (Ghetto niggaz and bitches) Soldier, soldier (about face, at ease) All I want to be was a soldier (Now pass the muthafuckin weed) Chorus (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Serv-On f/ Fiend, Mystikal Album: Da Next Level Song: Boot 'Em Up Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com [Fiend] Chorus Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em down Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em down Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em down, shoot 'em down, shoot 'em down Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em down Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em down Shoot 'em up, shoot 'em down till there's nothin around Boot 'em up, boot 'em down Boot 'em up, boot 'em down Boot 'em up, boot 'em down, boot 'em down, boot 'em down Boot 'em up, boot 'em down Boot 'em up, boot 'em down Boot 'em up, boot 'em up till they gotta go down [Fiend] Which one of you niggas wanna swing something, swing something Fuck with me this bumble bee goin sting something You actin like I ain't a knockout king or something Ghetto concrete, rings, left, right dubbin Grab them choppers and weed Them niggas bout that bleedin and needs See what the streets go over to our survival, like me It's called the I-E-G-T can make it bad for ya Like findin out your momma never had love for ya I'm a bad muthafucka and bout it bout it to the bone Some niggas go to clubs but they never make it home Keep a pistol on me if you want me Pull in first, so I hope you just ready to settle will just haunt you Chorus One two, No Limit comin for you Three four, Serv at your door Five six [Mr. Serv On] Muthafucka don't be no bitch Let it be known, let it be sead Naw, not like that I came in this muthafucka to get rowdy Get the fuck out tha way if you scared Even though its lovin, I come in the club Nigga I don't get caught up in that V-I-P trip (none of that) Cause like to be one of them niggas that like to sit around And get around with them niggas that buy my shit So they say them niggas No Limit real, nigga we run this bitch I ain't one of them niggas in my video who rap about money and fame Fuck that, I like talking bout niggas that'll die for their street names From LA to NO from NY to Chi Till I die I respresent where I'm from Nigga stand up, here I come I'm like a twenty one year old Tyson nigga Knockin niggas out, don't give a fuck, nigga I keep my fingers on the trigga So when you want it nigga, come and get it And when I slap it down nigga you wanna know where the fuck I'm from Third Ward and Uptown Boot em up [Fiend] Chorus [Mystikal] Gives a five, funkdafied, call this microphone handler The billboard spot damager, tarantula in front the camera From amateur to the actin' animal More graphic than the ???? And I get's down like Tommy Lee be doin Pamela Now see what we can break out I set it off, I let it all hang out Busta's be formin off the charts talkin bout wooooooah But I'm a be rhymin me to be talkin bout weeeeeee I beat ya up, I cut ya up, I stab ya up, I bust ya up Take it, you can't do nothin for the reprucussion from this bucka bucka Round your people, get your issues, get the fuck out [Fiend] Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Serv-On f/ Master P, Mystikal Album: Life Insurance Song: Hustlin' Typed by: Yankee19@excite.com  {Master P} "nigga" "nigga if you buyin' 10 birds" "and Mystikal buyin' 10 birds" "and I go in 10 a bird nigga we got 30 birds"  {Mr.Serv-On} Niggas bow down respect this killa candy dilla cap pilla legend maker take yo ho' break ha' make ha' shake ha' ass tabletop drop top candy painted 16 switches in tha trunk nigga so what you want i'm bout my hustle day & night fuck yo life if you play me bout my change rearange tha game got a block from people 7 sold it 12 mo' before he hit tha doe' hitem' twice got my money and my ice fucked his wife made ha' thick pork chops,peas,and rice Southern dealergittin' his hustle every night nigga pass tha dice bail Joe on a come-up  hit my pointgotta blaze up me my bitch about 10 she shook that for 14 took a Gbreakin' em' off like P I'ts tha pimp in metryin' to git my coins anyway I can see Tanya walk to Westbay got my dick in hand you gone pay me bitch to ride this stick I know you wit this hustlin' shit so hit yo knees trick  (4x repeat)  (chorus)  {Master P}  hustlin' day & night  thats my life candy painted on them gold thangs from tha rap game to tha dope game  {Mystikal} As long back as I can remember when I was comin' up I was tryin' to git somethin' felt like I didn't have nothin (I had to)put in tha effort  and tightin' up on my hustle since spendin tha on utilities and a mind musta fish and chicken plate,macaroni cheez,green beanz 5 dollar supper fuck workin menimum wadge cause my feet hurtin' I'm musty cause tha first time somethin' come up missin' bitch start watchin'like I don't trust ya and as hard as I used to work find that shit then i'm really fucked up next thang you know i'm assed out unemployed but I didn't do nothin' try ya best to invest in my name but I keep strutin' my financial situations gone be alrightjust gimme my check bitch I aint stuttin ya what ever got to do to keep focus keep from sufferin' these niggaz don't understand I write my tightest shit when times is tuff sick & tired of dreamin' bout' blowin' up chances of makin' it glowin' up seem like it aint gone happen to me either rate i'm goin' slow as fuck but never no worry wit every reward theres a struggle and every muthafuckin' come up theres a hustle  (4x repeat)  (chorus)  {Master p} (ugh) rip tha game and got em' tossed up hundred G's two keys wit tha birder then we bought up how many niggaz holla solja runnin from tha rollas gone on that dolja hatas yall can't hold niggaz off tha tank clockin' bank so we jump off in them thangs got tha cane murda in tha dope game rappers gittin' killed niggaz guard yo grill i'm from tha 3rd ward so otha niggaz better feel tha silence of tha land niggaz green & and ham i be bussin' muthafuckas like cuttin' up eggs and ham down south niggas ball in a city like New Orleans specilfied for murda thats why they call Mystikal,and Serv-On nigga Master P yall want a key nigga hit me on tha beep non for free it's gone for 18 5 but when you hit us niggas check because we runnin' from tha southside  heard  (1x)  (chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: No Limit Soldiers f/ Mystikal Album: No Limit Soldiers: We Can't Be Stopped Song: I Ain't Playin Typed by: ruffryder_1@yahoo.com, mystikal_22@soldiermail.com (Mystikal) I aint playin! (Huh) Yall see me enter this motherfucker SHUT THE FUCK UP I aint playin (He aint playin) (Tell him nigga) Talk shit behind my back (But when they see me, they don't wanna see me) I aint playin (I aint playin wit you bitches) I aint playin wit you bitches BACK yo ass (woooh) FUCK UP Gimme some fucking room to put my gold plaque up I fucked all dat up ROLIN I break these fuckin bitches back open And watch me turn my dreams realistic Dat kinda would make you wear black armour or may handset yo picnic I'm drinkin but I'm still thirsty Madder than a motherfucker dats why I'm cursing Said I'm up here but when I'm live and in person Whippin yo ass from over to the clothes to the curtain To each and every other rapper I'm a burden I keep'em hearin me cause I'm smooth like (?) YALL niggaz washed up like the turd SO! Goin straight for your motherfuckin throat The rhymes that I wrote Playin is goin to get you fucked up Bout to let you bitches know (Chorus) I aint playin wit u (I aint playin wit you bitches) I aint playin wit you bitches (He aint playin he aint playin) I aint playin wit yo bitch ass I aint playin I aint playin with you bitches I aint playin (I aint playin wit yo bitch ass) (Huh) (I aint playin) (Whatchu told me?) I thought I fucking told you Bitch don't you ever Think because I'm handsome I'm mild mannered That you can damn me think my style aint standard Fucking wit the man gone get you man handled Mixing my boot camp name up in scandals and slenderness Dats the reason niggas got tossed off the stage in Atlanta Niggas be actin like they hard to understand It's bout time for niggas to represent New Orleans, Louisiana And them steel toe boots gone stomp yo ass  One hundred some odd niggaz ready to jump yo ass STOMP yo ass way past the grass motherfuckers run up but they don't last I make a lot of cash and you others bought a (?) Rabbit eyes couldn't see me threw a magnifying glass I was born in jazz and I shine like brass... (But what?) (what?) But I aint playin wit yo bitch ass (Chorus) Like class card I aint s-s-studdin it Dat don't mean I'm bout to take yo shit though motherfucker (hell no) I can see it in yo face you can see me comin You insecure and jealous Actin bad with yo woman Already don't got yo money Can't take shit from me try yo best to put your meanest face on from me But I don't need you bitches cause you bad company The only way you don't get stomped stay the fuck runnin from me This motherfuckers coming up lovely These niggaz cannot run me on nuttin (aint dat something I'm) Tight as a button the album cussin the Whooole fucking up dat nigga and use words like a deadly weapon Grab these motherfuckers by they thumb (Owww) Ball yo stupid ass up and make yo ass look (dumb) Do pass where I'm standin knaw wha' I'm sayin? When I fuck that (?) you betta tell'em I aint playin! (Chorus) I aint playin wit u I aint playin (He aint heard me) I aint playin Fuck! I'm tired of this shit Rappin motherfuckers All them niggaz tryin to use my name to sell there tape I aint playin I aint playin wit you bitches It aint that I don't want to motherfuckers But I aint got time to Bitch I aint playin I aint playin.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ No Limit's All Stars Album: No Limit Soldiers: We Can't Be Stopped Song: No Limit Soldiers II Typed by: tru4nolimit@yahoo.com (Master P) Oh yea It's Christmas time nigga Well muthafuckin Merry Christmas and New Years nigga (ha,ha) Yall didn't think we was gonna do it again Hah nigga what MP be my name  From the ghetto to fame  Got them MAKE 'EM SAY UGHHH (UGHHH) Got the world screaming my name  From every soldier to soldierette From every killer to cadet Playa hatas get wet TRU niggas march playas step (Chorus) We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya No,No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers (C-Murder) I'm a muthafucking No Limit Soldier It's a mystery (what) How us young black thugs made history We be some TRU niggas on the rise And we gonna ball till we fall Two shots to my dead niggas on the wall Captain of a bunch a ghetto millionaires on the rise And much respect like them muthafucking wise guys TRU tattooed on my back and arm hoe And represent the south 3rd Ward Calliope (Fiend) I dropped on the streets Like cocked 9's or spray painted stop signs Niggas gettin knock down Needles in white lines Second lines pity crimes Down to a gun call all from a phone call I done been through it all Well you forgot my name Fiend And I don't fuck around And soldiers show that there bowdy rowdy When I come around  I'm Mr. Womp Womp The one tighter than some new J's  Bout getting some to plays That get me funky for few days (Chorus) We No,No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers (Magic) Yall remember me I'm the one they call Mr. Magic Voted least to succeed but I'm back to let cha have it Now I'm moving on yall can't stop the tank I'm wit  If you fuck wit me be guaranteed bitch that your head gonna split AHHHHH shit Who make yall scream the loudest Who dought it That Master P boys get rowdy rowdy and bout it bout it Respect the tank or get your ass rolled over By this 200 & 20 lb. 9th Ward bulldozer (Mr. Serv-On) You bet its me the only one to spell everything out The nigga to snatch your muthafucking neck If you ain't got no muthafucking respect The soldier that been holding back for years Cause niggas scared of my motherfucking bite P done let loosened up the straps, believe me nigga  you ain't leaving this motherfucker til everybody fight Even if you don't want to  I'ma hit you punch you kick you I'm the rowdiest motherfucker up in this bitch And I'll love to get witcha Fuck you I'm wearing these leather support across my chest So lower you tens if you don't respect You know I'm from the 3rd bitch  You gone be a casualty bitch, I'ma soldier (Mia X) Roundin up my soldiers, scoopin up my warriors Mobbin with these No Limit TRU shotcallers, street brawlers All the nigga don't fuck around  We ain't gonna tear your club up  But we gonna shut the bitch down  Lyrically I drown soldier hatas I'm the lady alligator Take you shake you and bake you Split your decision maker Wake up fire starters coming harder Than your father's fist Like he caught your mamma's lips around the neighbors dick It's the same bitch Y'all know how Mama Drama Mia X ho's You don't want no problems we soldiers (Chorus) We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya (Big Ed) I hit you wit the - left, right , left Then a roundhouse kick Nigga make some room back up back up Bout to get right up in this bitch Big Ed the (Assassin) watch me get my (Blast On) Then I (Smash On) with my (Mask On) Full grown wit the brains blown From my infamous spit  Then I fuck the shit out your old lady with my infamous dick Get 'em up hit 'em up My entourage in camouflage When you hear (Ooh Ooh Oh) get the fuck out of dodge (Silkk the Shocker) Mista!! N-O-L-I-M-I to the T Second in command  When I get my demands The only person that can stop it is P No tattle tails so many bitches I had to kill Grabbed my steal soldiers from the heart No killa boy luck killa in my heart On the battlefield fuck yall what Coming through spitting  Coming through hitting Yall niggas hit the gates Come through flipping Picture a nigga  So now I'm coming to get you next Nigga trained for combat Bomb on contact we can play fair  Yall been warned sorry ones yall can stay there You can tell we some soldiers (right, right, right) You can tell we some soldiers (when I say ahhh) Everybody starts to fight! Soldiers (Chorus) We NoLimit Soldiers I thought I told ya We NoLimit Soldiers I thought I told ya No,No-No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We NoLimit Soldiers I thought I told ya (Mystikal) Left right left right  Muthafucker I been tight  Running from the breath fire coming from my windpipe Bullet wounds pistol play muthafucking fist fight Hiding in the tent with a motherfuckin chim light  There go the tank there come the round  Throwing grenade get on the ground  You might just get up without your head You looking for trouble and that's what you found Take a long time look around tryin to find These niggas ain't trying to respect our minds  Shoot us, and stab us, and kick us, and cut us  but can't fuck with us when we combine Get you everytime put your foot on the mine Flyin metal when it highly explode don't matter how you put it When you are telling a nigga bout me Let it be known I'm a motherfucking soldier! (Chorus) We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya No No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya No No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya We No Limit Soldiers  I thought I told ya (Bitch get your mind right) No No Limit Soldiers I thought I told ya (Bitch get your mind right) We No Limit Soldiers  I thought I told ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prime Suspects f/ Mystikal Album: Guilty Til Proven Innocent Song: Liquidation of the Ghetto Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com damn, these hard times be more vicious makin me feel like the liquidation of the ghetto chorus it's hot around my way  lookin for a better day X4 [Prime Suspect #1] good and bad, right and wrong lurking the land you choose your fate gracefully save your soul if you can life is shorter everyday my nigga make the right moves choose your hustle spots wisely police give you the blues lock you up put a strike by your name you on paper see the white boy be on every money and your paper put the weed down now cause we face incarceration stipulations of probation strike two is what you're facin in the mandatory joes, now you ain't gon bounce short timin round them lifers hopin that you touch down if I see the free world again, I'm a ball put my back up on the wall hopin blessins from the lord 3rd strike twenty to life nigga I choose death leave a coppers scar wet I ain't aimin for the chest 44 chrome to the dome, uzi man did it once again Prime Suspect guilty til proven innocent chorus [Mystikal] I'm sweatin cause it's hot and humid outside the spot where we lay it down I amplify the city streets and terrorize the underground nigga respect gangsta and run in the streets they walk on FBI might finish listenin to the car phone I talk on waitin on me, wantin me to mess up, put my hands in some dirt but I'm a legitimate businessman, I sell light green t-shirts go on officer leave me alone, I ain't be got no weapon I don't even know what you talkin bout, I be makin records hits size I'm too busy for this bull and kicks was it tinted when you pulled this six over to the side of the road got my hand on my heater cause I'm tired of you hoes let the dog sniff my vehicle and my clothes but I bet I make it home cause you gotta let me go I'm too cold for an iron box I need city lights, the projects, and the boondocks chorus [Prime Suspect #2] I'm lookin for that wall so I can put my back up against it cause it ain't no love from the beginnin to the endin they got me pledgin the flag that wanna see me doin 10 in see it's vicious out chea on these 3rd world streets them people tryin to stop the hustle  but yet they survivor just like me makin liquidate runnin in them hater streets so I tell my brother get the cake for me if need be [Prime Suspect #3] look let me run into ya'll cause the pilots burnin over I've been doin the same thing since lil  but now I'm called a soldier and I'm older and watch fake soldiers transform cause they own see them same soldiers upstate and they ain't bout no home why it's already a livin hell for the average thick soldiers survival of the fittest watch yourself is what poppa always told me why we already misled, bustin hot metals I just need to step back and take a look cause they liquidatin the ghetto chorus until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk The Shocker f/ Mia X, Mystikal, TRU Album: Charge It 2 Da Game Song: How Many... Typed by: grouper@mediaone.net [Silkk and Master P talking] How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas down to die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas down to die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me I said, How many niggas down to die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas down to die with me [Master P] I'm too young to get my Z's on get my cheese on while I'm here bang a bitch and get my B's on tattoo weed and hennesy scream NO LIMIT to the enemy tryin' get my skrilla that's why they label, tag me a young nigga drug dealer And the FED's steady watchin' but a nigga makin' money so the tank ain't stoppin'  How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me [C-Murder] P dawg pass me them let's get 'em  I ride for your homey Tru niggas ain't bullshittin'  respect my tattoos I pay my dues  remember '89 when I made a nigga sing the blues I was born and raised for this gangsta shit C-Murder be known for keepin' an extra clip my Pops say look 'em in the eye before I kill 'em P crank the Lac up and let's get 'em How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me [Mystikal] Nigga whenever you need me I'm already there its gettin' done hangin' out the window sayin' WOOO motherfucker UH  You ride for me I'm a ride for you its only fair here I go fuck them niggas I don't care where they at what they tryin' do how many  we got shit to live for you weak bitch die skinny without a penet my clique strong like Ol' Remme unfriendly in business the wheel still spinnin' ready to bury you bitches from begining to endin' I'm telling you to be chillin' you bitch if you fuck with NO LIMIT How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me [Mia X] Niggas high let Mia mama ready to ride  TRU for life I live kill and die for the camoflauged soliders leave your stiffs in safes baddest bitch motherfucker I gave birth to a tank I ain't gonna just testify and lie for ya'll niggas I hit the judge and everybody with some choppers and slitters fuck 'em forget 'em hold the gasoline she lit 'em ain't gonna ever have to ask did she get 'em that's all TRU won't you won't do let it be known guerilla warfare niggas fullblown come on I'm with you niggas like the heart in me  My love goes farther than them hennesy  Whose got the car keys How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me [Silkk the Shocker] Now would you go to war for me (man you know I would) Now would you kill for me (shit you know I would) Now would you ride for me (no doubt you know I would) Now would you die for me (why you ask me you know I could) I wonder who will ride for me probably be true 'em never knew 'em but even though I was cool with 'em  at times his silly ways grew on me and see I don't  know but time like moving slow and I'm TRU I'm  gonna take my vest off and hit it's bout time to go  and see they got me ridin' with top dollar and challers niggas bout to get fuckin' smothered for crazy motherfuckers riders, homies, and brothers for my TRU niggas I'm gonna get my swerve on my serve on you wan't me come get me you heard the soul I had a visual moment too tryin' to  save 'em and a nigga still die but I'm gonna kill the motherfucker who said I'm not TRU and nigga still live All the world catch a slug nigga catch a slug in the mud  see I'm a TRU thug and this is TRU love nigga what to  my real niggas blastin' toes and I'm gonna empty clip 'til I can't blast no mo'  How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas down to die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me I said, How many niggas wanna ride with me How many niggas wanna die with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk the Shocker f/ No Limit All-Stars Album: Charge It 2 Da Game Song: I'm a Soldier Typed by: Fyffedawg9@aol.com [Silkk The Shocker] You can tell I'm A Soldier You, you, you, you can tell I'm a soldier (4X) All I wanted to be was a soldier, bitch!! And If you ain't a soldier, then what's yo' purpose bitch?!! 1st Verse: [Silkk The Shocker & Master P] [Silkk The Shocker] See, I'm a N-O, nigga L-I M-I- to the T yeah, I'm Silkk the SHOCKER!!!! And yeah, that's me Tank dog all I wanna be, nigga I told ya tat on my back, is that of a no limit soldier About face for a TRU salute, to my tank dogs y'all scared to bust, niggas duck, cuz we ain't sure So don't flip me, cuz you'll end up empty and then I'll reload and reload, and reload, and reload, and load whole barrel explode!!!! Nigga I'm T-R-U, that means I'm TRU 2 Da Game mention me to my enemies, they takin' the pain Now you can do what you wanna but y'all don't wanna start fuck, these No Limit soldiers cuz y'all don't wanna go to war!!! [Master P] No Limit mercenary killas, nigga wit army fatigues tattoos and gats, niggas gone off hennessy and weed Colonel, nigga becoming the ghetto E.F. Hutton holler ungh!!!!!!! And every fuckin' soldier start stuntin' Nigga just robbin' and niggas they ridin' dressed and robbin' on the side, niggas just Bout It, Rowdy niggas better show me that them muthafuckas still gettin' rowdy I cut wit G's nigga march playas, step wit me killas come wit me, real soldiers keep yo' eyes on yo' enemies!!! Chorus: [Silkk The Shocker] I'm a N-O- nigga L-I M-I-T soldier (2X) 2nd Verse: [Fiend & Lil' Gotti Gambino] [Fiend] All my rivals remember me, Fiend the one that call the shottie blastin' the mafi, there them niggas that wanna rob me Givin' you hobbies Gettin' slugs at your own body for my piece, or Sugar Hill, I'm New Orleans like Lolli I'm fearin' no man, as long as I'm stompin' in these Broganes there's no playin', soon as this army stop, ya' got no hands Damn!!! Ready for war, and keep the weed lighted if they ain't indicted still, blast it, Fiend the insighted prophet [C-Murder] I'm a No Limit soldier, nigga, it's in my blood I started rappin', so I wouldn't have to sell drugs We Bout It!!! Muthafuckas representin' them killas TRU tatted on my back cuz I make moves wit thug niggas You don't wanna go to war, cuz I'ma bring the brigade ask the colonel, we rowdy nigga tryin' to get paid Affiliated with game, totin' thangs that pain on the corners we hang, and we slangin' the pain!! Chorus 3rd Verse: [Mystikal, Mac] [Mystikal] A helluva, helluva nigga right chea you can take that and fear it!! I'm a cold blooded killa comrade  and a highly decorated lieutenant I'm up on the front line, you all the way to the rear but ya still gettin' injured NIGGA DON'T YOU KNOW BY NOW THE TANK CAN'T BE DENTED?!! And when we reach a hundred million cartridges we ain't finished Bitch shoot yoself in the head, if you can't take it cuz we gonna represent it!! If I said it, I meant it!! If I told ya', I showed ya'!! I'll break y'all, outrank y'all, I'LL MAKE YA' BORN TO BE A SOLDIER!! [Mac] Whoa, murder, murder, kill, kill it's real Shell-Shock turn your neighborhood block into the battle field Nigga, soldier rag still on my eye, no lie I'm camoflauged, I never die, I live longer than them white guys We tattooed, I done gone cashews, ain't no turnin' back nigga won't be burnin' Mac, uh, I got the thirty gat And it get trifer, but I'm a lifer a camoflauge sniper, from the rooftop I might ignite ya Chorus 4th Verse: [Lil' Gotti Gambino, Skull Dugrey] [Lil' Gotti Gambino] Gotti I told ya', I'm a muthafuckin' soldier forty calibers and doja, what keep makin holes Nationwide exposure, for me and my brethren for Fiend to bust'em, leavin' my enemies bleedin' Being a soldier many fourteens, I be needin' a No Limit soldier, till the day of my leave [Skull Dugrey] I been a No Limit soldier since 1994 them niggas know one thing, that Skull broked in the door They watched me in Waco, as I bring the flow what you sayin', hanh you nigga? You bitch? Yeah, you hoe!!! You know one thing you can't be fuckin' round wit these niggas niggas out the tank, straight spittin' on you niggas You nigga!!! You think, you gonna get away slammin' jive bitches like you, dead in the pavement!!! Chorus 5th Verse: [Big Ed, Mia X] [Big Ed] Nigga make some room!!! Nigga, Back up, back up Forget that thing out the trunk, and act up, act up Got my tank dogs steppin' camoflauge fatigues I represent like a loaded weapon, paper bought wit P When I get that thing, everybody look down and round and round Got the M-1 spittin' fire, bring yo' set to the ground Got the C-4 explosives in the black backpack Big Ed be puttin' down like that!!!!! [Mia X] We come strapped in we roll thick we represent that TRU click Playa Haters, yeah we know who you are make infrared shine on your head like the North Star Bomb shit, boss bitch, mama set it off let it be known cowards you don't wanna go to war The hard hitta still be the biggest mama nigga swallow yo' shit like a fuckin' Anaconda nigga So, bring it, bring it on, how you wanna do it, what? Cuz next to other's knees, I cover fuckin' dust Anten-Hut nah, take it to the battle field shoppers gon run, while we kick our enemies doors I ask the lord, they don't want no more? Mama, drama, told ya' No Limit done took over Chorus [Silkk] I thought I told ya Pass the doja GAME OVER!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk the Shocker f/ Mystikal Album: Charge It 2 Da Game Song: It Ain't My Fault Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: [Silkk, Mystikal] Chorus: [Silkk, Mystikal] We can't stop now bitch!!! We can't stop, and you can't stop us, so bitch don't try. We TRU soldiers, we don't die, we don't die, we don't die. (2X) 1st Verse: [Mystikal] I'm bout my paper, my paper, important people on my pager. I might not drink Alize', but I'll smoke you under the table. Don't make me peel your potato, don't make the devil your neighbor. I MIGHT NOT BE NOTHING TO YOU, BUT I'M THE SHIT ON THIS LABEL!!! Five hundred words a minute make it hard to digest what I say but five hundred #1 hits on the billboard chart gon' keep it that way Hold on as tight as you can, whatever you do, don't loosen your grip, not only are they anticipating your every move they're waiting for you to slip!!! But like I told you before,  we not gonna fall for the banana in thetailpipe I'm not bout livin' in no six by six,  wearing no motherfuckin jail stripes. Been Bout It from the start nigga, we raw nigga, you don't wanna, go to, war nigga. We superstar niggas, you know who we are niggas. From poverty in the projects, to livin' large niggas. It take one hell of a combination, to get what we got, we soldiers on a mission, and you can't stop us!!! Chorus 2nd Verse: [Silkk The Shocker] Nigga wanna START SHIT, that they know they can't finish. By far niggas wanna go to war, but they know when they ain't winning. Fixin' to keep this bitch jumpin, like a muthafuckin', second line, Been Bout It, and I'll be rowdy, and you gonna know it by my, second rhyme. No Limit chain around my neck, so check, and respect the sign, y'all wanna play, but I guarantee that you won't play, a second time. Sometime I'm in camoflauge and sometime I'm in all black, y'all wanna go to war with us, wit you knowin' we all strapped!!! Fuck it, pop it, don't stop it, cuz I drop, by no means, look, bitches dyin' like a dope fiend, while he have on a pair of old jeans. Nigga what? Pistols we all got, sometimes it's all glocks, keep one in the chamber for danger and make sure they all cocked. Went from a, small knot to a tall knot, nigga please, I got all the G's for breakin' these Ki's down to all rocks. Blow up the spot till it's all hot, surround the world together cuz y'all not, nigga we ain't gon stop jus cuz y'all stop then it's our props. If you wanna get it started, then let's started, but let's do it right, but if you wanna get started, get started, let's do it TONIGHT!!! Likely to get your head busted, lined in some chalk. Chorus (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk The Shocker f/ Mystikal Album: Made Man Song: It Ain't My Fault 2 Typed by: JCIzWhoIBe@aol.com [Craig B] What's really happenin? This shit again for the 99 Silkk The Shocker, Mystikal, and Craig B It still ain't my fuckin fault Ya heard me? Chorus  [Silkk The Shocker/(Mystikal)] (Uh ohhhhhh!) Ohhhhhhhhhhhh It ain't my fault (Did I do that) It ain't my fault (Did I do that) It ain't my fault (Did I do that) x2 [Mystikal] That's right my meat and potatoes come from my lyrical label I throw my rhymes for No Limit like Jeff George throw for the Raiders Don't cut the head off a hater, don't cash the check that they paid ya Jump in a Deville or Mercedes, Lexus or Navigator Five hundred niggas talkin bout what they goin do, how they goin ruin my day Not none of them niggas be talkin like that when they come round my way Hold your mouth as tight as you can, whatever you don't loosen your lip I make your tightest hardest rapper brush his teeth with my dick I'm strict, I'm rich, I'm young, I'm black, I'm set I got it, I hold it, I run it, I do it to death I'm hot, I'm dirty, I'm oiled, I'm strapped, I'm done Don't blame it on me if the police find a pistol and blunt Chorus x2 [Silkk The Shocker] Ahhhhh, lemme get it started, respect that I can finish You talk about goin to war, if you knowin you can't win We'll make our money make cash, with no gimmicks I ride the tank and my back reads No Limit Mistah rowdy rowdy, write a book about it Every rhyme, all the time you make a hook about it Money I count it, but it ain't enough Heard I had chicks around me, chicks I can't touch Since I have niggas around me that ain't goin bust If you ever see like that you know them niggas aint with us It ain't my fault if my name spell cash It ain't my fault if your girl got my name tatooed on her ass It ain't my fault if your concert can't sell out half the show It ain't my fault if you do twice as much as me and I get half the dough Yall saw me style, change my flow Bad money, good money, change my dough I can't be bought, can't be bought, I didn't do it ain't my fault Now what Chorus x2 [Silkk The Shocker/(Mystikal)] Made man (that's that rapper) Mistah! (ghetto fabulous) (Hangin out the door boy) 504 boy (I bet I got cash) you got to get more boy (Hit em up, hit the floor boy) Gotta go boy (I don't die no hoe boy) That's Nino Brown (G Money) and I'm Vito...boy Chorus x4 [Silkk The Shocker] Yeah. From the east coast To the west coast North, midwest, southside All my dawgs It ain't chall fault, It ain't my fault Don't be mad at me I'm makin it happen ya heard me? Mystikal, Silkk The Shocker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk The Shocker f/ Mystikal Album: Charge it 2 Da Game Song: Let Me Hit It Typed by: JASONJ82@aol.com Oh Yea I aint trying to come at you wrong(let me hit it) I wanna know if its cool(504 boys wanna hit it) 2 of my boys(man we) Let me hit  let me get it  let me hit  x7 let me hit(let me hit it) [Silkk] I went in the room and saw a girl I aint seen in a long  ass time I said how you doing  what cha doing  Damn you got fine I dont know about you but  dis its cool to fuck actually it being night my whole life its cool to fuck ???? brand it and sand it what plan b so let get  let me hit it (take this) fucking right he did lets start this Im still heartless  dont fall in love I think you heard got baby like record label drop artist I think that shit love better somtin nice lil preppie chick but I still wanna wrap bets night than a hug Im bout to get  as a motha fucka  guard tha sets and get it come back now roll it fat and let me hit(pass the weed) Chorus x12 [Mystikal] Let me hit  Let get it  turn around give it to  already know what I want  Fuck all that beat around tha bush make up yo mind  Bitch do what you dont 9 times out of 10  them jackers sit here probally you dont id rather pull a bitch drows to the side and smell here funky  pussy stunk I aint tripping on the stupid Id rather have a good time in this bitch trying to get my smoke on  what you got cigarettes (ah thats it the bitch got to be stopped hold) I still got a guard left over from last night Damn I like to forgot I dont blow no joes But inhale some weed smoke Id rather be hitting you from the back  if you really dont know she said my periods down Ita be gone in a minute then she said I thought you had some weed then tha bitch said  let me hit it chorus x17 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk the Shocker f/ Fiend, Mystikal Album: Made Man Song: No Limit Typed by: Nipsicle2@aol.com Silkk (Fiend): NO LIMIT (4X) (Nigga spell that shit you represent, Shocker) N-O-L-I-M-I-T (What kind of ride you got from all that hard workin, boy) Range Rovers, Lex Rollers, Benz, Lexus, Jeeps, Jags (What's the type of bitch niggas No Limit don't fuck with) Fake, snitch, jive hatter, punk, sucka, busta, coward (What kind of niggas you love to make your money with) Thugs, Gs, ridas, soldier, ballers, playas, hustlers, money makers (And what's that feddy, what's that name for that feddy) Scratch, scrilla, mulla, doe, paper, duckets, cheese, green (Now Silkk bust that made man shit) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh Yo, yo, I come into the room like I was high on dope Shit's Bitter Rhymes out till my mutha fucka's call time out(time out) I'm a tank dog plus I bank yall, plus I outrank yall Like I can't ball, what the fuck yall niggas thank dog I ain't sure I can't fall, nigga Bodies full of tatoos, break all the rules Too much to lose, I can't fall So nigga how u want me to do it, mean how ya want me to rap Want it fast flow, ROWDY, or laid back(shit)	 So is that all you sayin nigga sayin Play back, can't beleive you'd say that Been doin this from way back Just 12 missions with 4 tracks you know that i been with the in crowd Business style, been while Shit fuck the dumby, fuck the money My earrings cost ten thou. The taller i get the moment I get, in fact If I grow 7 feet, shit I could retire from rap So when I go on, hardcore never go soft Shit i'ma throw the fuck off, Somebody call me a shrink, don't even blink, I don't think Djuo wanna fuck with me, like that cuz I'll beet ya ass so bad boy Won't even think bout fightin back I'll put one in your chest, done it for less I want the cash, none with mental stress Don't feel love, kept my heart up under my vest If not the coldest, atleast one of the best(huh bro)	 I say thangs people scared say, Dj scared to play But I'm Silkk the Shocker, get my doe from underground Add it to my scale it's another pound Here's to all yall questions So many gots to wonder now Rumors get me kinda mad Mystikal: Yall done done it now Silkk: I'm Silkk the Shocker, down and dirty You mutha fuckin heard me?	 If rap was a sport, when i'm done your gonna have ta retire my jersee 1, yea that's me Silkk the, Shocker Mystikal: Yo Silkk, how many shots it going to down 8 niggas Silkk: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 Mystikal: That's it?	 Silkk: Maybe not Mystikal: How many niggas gonna b left after you do that Silkk: 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, (I mean) None Mystikal: Tell them niggas how much money you working with Silkk: M-I-L-L-I-O-N-S Mystikal: Yo, nigga, where we takin this shit to Silkk: East coast, West coast, North, South, Mid-west There you have it, fuck it Ahhhh, ha ha, fuck  First I'm looking at, I look at your strange ass bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Silkk the Shocker f/ Mystikal Album: My World, My Way Song: Them Boyz Typed by: ddawg400@gateway.net * * send corrections to the typist [S] Ohhhhhh [M] UH-OHH! [S] Uh-huh, y'all ready? [M] {*door open sound*} [S] Uh-huh, I don't think so [M] This.. is.. Mystikal! [S] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, yeah c'mon [M] The burnin inferno! [S] Uh-huh [M] Here poppin with the Colonel; Master P! [S] Shocker! [M] At ease soldier [S] One-two.. {*can't make out*}.. soldiers! [Chorus: Mystikal + Silkk] [M] When you see that 5 and that 0 and that 4  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [S] When you see the tank swingin  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [M] When you hear them choppers cuttin  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [S] When you see that 5-0-4  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [Mystikal] I keep my motherfuckin fists balled up In case a motherfucker tryin to start somethin You done did a little ginseng gotcha little dick hard  Now you like Hoffa Think you gon' jump in the ring Go pound for pound with the knockout kings No shit like that ain't gonna happen Them niggaz down here can't touch what I bring First time you heard the do' open and you heard that {*open sound*} you know that's me And you bust ya rap Hit the mat you'll be on your back like one, two, three Them niggaz know I come off the top rope Leave you knocked out with you mouth open And they gon' have to take your ass home Leave you in a hot tub soakin BALLS BANGIN! You know ours swingin I aint got to tell you nigga Don't bother to go there you don't know who you fuckin with I'm the flow-spitter, natural born go-getter This is for the hustlers, ballers, cake dealers [Chorus: Mystikal + Silkk] [M] When you see that 5 and that 0 and that 4  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [S] And when you see them tanks swingin  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [M] When you hear them choppers cuttin  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [S] And when you see them bandanas  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [Silkk] Uh-ohh, look It's only right, it's on tonight When I'm on the MIC; they know when to fight When I drop, they known to bite .. uh-huh, this is freestyle but look Y'all can just go on and write This is 504 livin, y'all know what it's like That's them boyz, you see us roll up on them bikes Chop-chop, just, like it was timber We make it hot like July or either cold like December (Ohhhh) Ain't my fault, I'm hot and I can still spit it this cool Ain't my fault your girl tatted my name, get it removed If you lookin.. then you know we ain't duckin You know my face it ain't like my tank gon' be tucked in [Chorus: Mystikal + Silkk] [M] When you see that 5 and that 0 and that 4  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [S] When you see them tanks swingin  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [M] When you hear them choppers cuttin  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [S] When you see that 5-0-4  You know that's them boyz (that's them boyz) [Silkk] When you see us in the East (that's them boyz) When you see us in the West (that's them boyz) When you see us in the South (that's them boyz) When you see us in the North (that's them boyz) (that's them boyz) When we deep up in the streets Want y'all to say (that's them boyz) (that's them boyz) Can somebody tell 'em, I was only kidding? I was only kidding! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skull Duggery f/ Mystikal Album: These Wicked Streets Song: Satisfied Typed by: Whatsyfsm@aol.com ball till you fall X3 [Mystikal] somebody said you was fuckin with me when I said I saw that bumpin cause after that ya'll that nigga fucked up me and skull duggery got the little nigga somethin I told the boy nigga be beside himself stop playin with big ole niggas knock your motherfuckin head off if you get in my way while I'm handlin my business I'm makin a million in a minute, 450 windows tinted I'm prepared to present it  ya'll gone feel it when I'm finished flippin em with that  nigga call them playa die you lookin for me, cause the man right chea motherfucker stop lookin around  like you listenin to opsni ass rapstars that just can't take it no more better bring your ass back where you came from  like you should a did a long time ago nigga if you know like I know  make some way for the southern sector makin records like you never expected us these nigga gon have to respect us triple beams, make green, money clean with these do it better believe we keep this bitch leanin that's what we satisfied bitch chorus do it, do it, do it till you're satisfied [Skull Duggery] you can raise the roof up high as you want everybody on the dance floor doin what they want no trippin on the women know i'm bout it and the swing my shit nigga with no chips nigga no it didn't that's what I mean I'm on point what what all moves understand I'm laid back man smokin on the back wood automatic sweets that's how we do it nigga, won't you feel me should of took the L A got the doja on seat smokin nothin but that fire ass green  and we see some fine ass honeys and I told ya just cause we doin it nigga and that's over they wanna pass by my nigga Mystikal if you do then we gonna do it girl now check it I like to head suck and like to butt fuck but I'm a tell you like this I'm doin it up [Mystikal/Skull Duggery] you lookin over here, c'mon you know I don't want ya you don't want fuck with this, yo Bitch I told ya it's Mystikal and Skull Duggery doin our thang and looky here we gonna make you rap bitches sang one thang you got to overstand we straight doin it looky here we gon pursue it until we finish and all you bitches hurry up with that pretendin cause you bout to straight do it, no bullshittin  NO BULLSHITTIN chorus [Skull Duggery] yo girly what's up, what are you lookin at you like a big nigga like me nailin that it's all good if I don't have on the gator shoes and versaci shirt what you gonna do thinkin that a nigga have cake and all that and if you figure I'm broke, I'm broke wet and I'm a tell you like this you got to overstand when I start doin it, I do it like a man I make sure I get what I got when I got it I make sure I do what I want when I want it and that's how I like to be, dig me you got to feel how this nigga Skull really be I holler at my nigga Mystikal while we in the club and now ya'll girls pushin and shovin but I don't give a damn you know what I mean bring me some Crystal and hennessy chorus until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ No Limit Album: No Limit Top Dogg Song: Ghetto Symphony Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Snoop Dogg] Yo nephew, give me some of that No Limit shit Yeah.. We got my nigga Fiend in the house C-Murder in this motherfucker Mystikal all up in this bitch Goldie Loc, hm-hmm My nephew Silkk the Shocker Oh yeah, we got somethin for the ladies too Mia X, run this bitch [Mia X] Lyrical arsonist, lady alligator Down South, hustler, former weight smuggler I'm Mother, of the Tank, gave birth to an army Guerilla millionaires, so don't even ask, if you wanna get to clappin, soldier action specialty of style We made the whole world respect the underground while some of y'all niggaz talk shit and get mad Cause we did it with a foot up your ass, and it's still there I cares not about your click or the block I'm still that same bitch to run up in your spot and knock you off Broad, with the cause (yeah) bitch on a mission Keep them niggaz by they nuts while you hoes be dick kissin Missin the game, damn bitch it's written in plain ebonics So shake that come-up off you brain and do the knowledge Mia X, kickin off the ghetto symphony Next soldier up, tell em who the FUCK you be [Fiend] WHUT? It's Fiend y'all Put me in the ring with real MC's, and watch em run for cover and hidin in trees, to escape the mic that I breathe on Bleed on, exceed on! Weak rappers with titles after twelve Hit a bell that's what I'll feed on! Microphone Don, walkin flesh, talkin bomb Bringin harm, to the calm, and, them be alarmed It's the African, oh, you wanna battle again? I'll turn, you and your mans, to my yesterday plans Oh damn, totin two pistols like Yosemite Sam Old man be grand, loud as the Southern band Pickups and caravans, the soldier, that could, that can I would be the man, but God beat me to them plans [Snoop Dogg] Next up, on the M-I-C C-Murder, get busy for the symphony [C-Murder] I be's that nigga on the tank, always trippin never slippin Have you reminiscin and missin, that fool in your picture Call me Bossalinie BITCH without the Mo's at shows And FUCK dose who oppose (why?) we runnin them hoes three-hundred and sixty-five motherfuckin days a year I have your fool staggerin just like a bottle of beer You niggaz runnin from the cops, well I ain't runnin no mo' I flip the bird when I swerve, man, FUCK them hoes I'm crazy my nagga, but uh, I thought y'all knew that, shit Oh you ain't see the news? Shit I'm the nigga with the TRU tat Ask my nigga Keno, shit, I just don't give a fuck And if you run up wrong, I'ma fuck you up, you bitch you [Snoop Dogg] Next up, on the M-I-C Silkk the Shocker get busy on the symphony [Silkk the Shocker] Now would I COME THIS FAR FUCKER? If I didn't sound like a hit Y'all didn't know what the fuck y'all thinkin bout You sound like a bitch (beotch!) Shit it sound like a wish, you know when you got a motherfuckin hit, bitch?? When it sound like this! Or you fake niggaz get enough heart, and try to bust a rhyme at this click Fuck around and miss, then fuck around and get found in a ditch Gotta labels give me dough, when they find I can, gross this much Freestyle shit, you can tell em I ain't, wrote this stuff Silkk the Shocker, KLC perv and mash like, Snoop and Dre nigga Y'all can relate to ??? ??? get a contract like, MJ nigga It ain't where you from; it's where the -- FUCK YOU AT N-O-L-I-M-I-T, Top Dogg, and I'm FUCKIN with that [Snoop Dogg] Next up, on the M-I-C Mystikal get busy on the symphony [Mystikal] WHOO SHIT MOTHERFUCKER GOD DAMN!! I keep it HYYYYYYPE, BITCH I'M THE MAN! When the FUCK you ever heard somebody say that they don't say my song or that I don't roll on every fuckin verse I'm RAPPIN ON (That nigga Mystikal tighter than a muh'fucker) HAHHHHH? I came up off of _Peter Piper_ bells and the LL's _Bad_ ??Nee?? nigga to be pissed off with me cause their old lady they call me their baby MC's pilin up and crowdin up, but I'm their FAVORITE The type to fly buyin a Z-28 IROC And chop you in your motherfuckin face (HIII-YAH) Your album ain't tite, WHAT IN THE FUCK IS YOU PUSHIN? You played out just like old woman pussy [Snoop Dogg] Next up, on the M-I-C Goldie Loc, get busy on the symphony [Goldie Loc] Now watch me put these haters to the test, accumulatin with my stress Fold em fuck em fifty, get the shit up off my chest Releasin anger, all natural gangsta energy Goldie Loc the name, Dogg House game Motherfuckers better start backin up (whattup whattup) We in the Tank punk busters, motherfuckers don't wanna see us loc'd up Little Goldie Loc, Goldie Locks the same thang Smashin for the hood, cause I wanted to gangbang [Snoop Dogg] Last up, I believe that's me Snoop Dogg, light up the mic for the symphony This jam is dedicated to all non-optimistics That thought I wasn't comin, out with some exquisite, rhymes But that's OK, cause now I'm back To kill all the rumors, and straighten the facts Like umm, doin bad, gettin ganked for my bank Now you all on my dick when you see I'm TRU Tank Dogg You say, "Mmmm mmm mmm! Ain't that somethin Dogg I bought yo' album, my nigga, that shit is bumpin I apologize, I'm sorry for the drama Can I get your autograph for my baby momma?" Shit I'm settin it off, lettin it off, bustin Hustlin, rushin, dustin motherfuckers Droppin the heat, lock up the street, we 'posed to I put this pistol in your mouth, now what you gon' do? Top of the line, first class I pop a cap in yo' ass, then pop some more in the glass Too legit to quit, I'm spittin gangsta shit Man fuck all that yappin, we bout that gun clappin No Limit, yeah, that's what's happenin Fuck all that yappin, we bout that gun clappin Yeah In the real world, talk is cheap Actions speak louder than words No Limit Records, here to protect and serve The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ C-Murder, Mystikal Album: Da Game Is To Be Sold, Not To Be Told Song: See Ya When I Get There Typed by: bigbrax@hotmail.com [C-Murder] For all them young niggas that didn't quite make it to another year To all my thugs in the grave This one is for my homies and my thug niggas A bunch of used to be paranoid drug dealers A bout 'it motherfucker standing on the block Ain't no limit to his heart, cause his veins is non-stop And constantly a nigga catching them cases With them death situations A nigga blast with no hesitation Mama I wanna now where my daddy at My only memory is a picture with a chrome gat I wanna do, like them gangsters do I wanna gangster walk I caught a bullet now I'm in some chalk Just another young nigga in a song Mama always told me gangster's don't live long After I'm dead can you still see me Do you really want to be me I'm just another bossaline I represent all them niggas trying to get paid But couldn't be saved Huh, y'all now what I'm talking about Chorus: C-Murder and Snoop Dogg To all my thugs in the grave See ya when I get there See ya when I get there  repeat 4X [Mystikal] Ride nigga till I deduct Them things die nigga for fuck Fly. fly nigga Since you absent I'ma tilt the bottle hit the weed and get high for my nigga My partner my nigga My round in my trigger From the little shit I remember you was a down ass nigga I'm mad i missed shit you could have showed me (fuck) Shit still ain't the same even though my mama told me I keep your memories in my endeavors (nigga) Thank you for being my daddy, thank you for what you left us I swear to protect, and the only way to carry on, is carry on My nigga little Mike, my nigga G-Slim, and my cousin Larry gone I ain't trying to question God, but why so young That's why from daylight to night time I got my gun This fucking thing we call life ain't nothing but a phase That's why you better keep your faith,or you're that thug in the grave Chorus: repeat 4X [Snoop Dogg] Rest in peace khaki's creased From the east side of Long Beach Pouring out liquor, thinking about my homie Cause I can't understand how it went down We used to clown from town to town Claiming dogg pound Took you on lollapalooza with a nigga L0Dog you my nigga If you don't get no bigger Spanky Loco from the the dub, and Little Man from the I Dear God why them good niggas have to die I can't reminisce too long Cause I'm in a war zone If I sleep, slip, trip I might get blasted on So I'm gone mash on home but on the way I see some of my enemies And they tripping on me Cause I fuck with Master P But I;m heated, so beat it And another 87 case, I really don't need it Proceeded, I ain't gone cry for the homie Shit we gone celebrate Cause we now the homeboy is in a safer and better place Chorus: repeat 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Mystikal Album: Da Game is to be Sold,Not to be Told Song: Tru Tank Dogs Typed by: bigbrax@hotmail.com Mystikal talking We been holding back to motherfukin long Nigga fuck the dumb shit It's time to represent nigga It's time to represent nigga It's time to let you niggas now man Mystikal I'm the conscious in the toolbox that's coming for the carpenter I'm the mirror and the comb clipping the scissors that come from the  barber ??? the godfather I'm one of the brand new number 2 pencils out the pencil sharpener I'm the scarlet water out the delta faucet I'm the rhyming I'm the artist I'm vomit in the toilet I'm the comet when it charges I'm the drama in New Orleans I'm the vegetables that grow in the garden All the weeds, dope,and coke at the parties I'm the M.I.C.H.A.E.L Tyler I'm the loud blackka, blackka, wakka, wakka coming rom behind yah I'm the stitches of the shirt that make the polo man trill inside the  Timberland I'm the bells on trigger man Who? me that's who I'm the voice in the microphone coming from the booth I'm the ground when you think I'm the file on the shank I'm the pile in the bank I'm the round off the tank Chorus Mystikal and Snoop I'm that nigga Mystikal And I'm the Dogg That's that nigga I like to hustle and ball We them niggas Yeah tru tank dogs They them niggas You don't want to fuck wit at all repeat 1X Knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga If you sleeping I'm sneaking buckle up nigga Knuckle up nigga, knuckle up nigga If you sleeping I'm trippin buckle up nigga Snoop Dogg I'm in a club in New Orleans Just got finished eating a patch of chicken wings and some collard  greens I'm down south in the house straight turning it out Got bitches in my face and I can slap they mouth With all the shit that they be tweaking Nigga be speaking Game leaking, but I'm streaking Snoop Dogg ain't leaking My game tough and tight See ain't nothing like This G-shit nigga LBC shit nigga I'm feeling I'ma fall of in this club tonight Where my old lady at, I'm trying to find a fight In this motherfucker mad drunk, stupid and shit Ready to take off on this moteherfuckin' trick ass bitch Old pussy ass nigga o\looking at ne strange like he don't know what gang i claim I'ma doggpound gangsta till i fall off the planet God damnit, don't take it for granted biatch Chorus repeat 2X Biatch get your ming right mind right, get your mind right repeat 4X Boot up, or shut up Pussy ass nigga Put your set up,or shut up bitch ass nigga repeat 3X Where they at ho repeat 6X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Fiend, Mystikal Album: Snoop World (The Game is to be Sold Not Told) Song: Woof! Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, johnnyj@tfs.net [Snoop Talking] Hell yeah That was a mothafuckin' trip The way y'all niggaz had the whole world sayin' UH!!!, na, na, na, na This here the Doggfather, rappin' on this shit here Check this out Chorus: Let me here ya say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (come on, everybody say) Everybody, let me hear ya say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay [Fiend] I run with convicted felons Scream, yellin' Bitch I'ma soldier! Stick in my chrome reciever, and I fins to get it on Influenced by the dolja Blastin' at the rollers Callin' couple of soldiers Fuckin' up with this song bitch Your mom shoulda told ya I ain't nothin' nice Snoop brought the boss I got the spark, lets go on a body high Put it on my life, and my favorite weed pipe Soldiers greed, with ice Watch me budda up in the night Carefull to forever, the one that ?? shot him Bringin' the drama like a punk, but your fucking somebody Whut Lodi Dodi, send a duce up in dey coupe But after a hard eight Snoop and his soldiers gonna make ya say Chorus: Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (Jeah, nigga, I can make ya say) Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, tank doggs, let me hear ya say) Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (all my real rap niggaz say) Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, Mystikal, where you at?) [Mystikal] Nigga, all I really wanna do is Get down, on the get down! That mothafucker better sit down We up in this bitch now Got the take to make the hap We gon' make our money right Tired of livin' the stress life Pressure, fuck price Yikes! Know what I like Keep it hype! Betcha I right Put pounds of ice on ya, like white on rice Vise grips on mics Turnin' to fights Burnin' up the limelight Fire! And you ain't gotta strain your eyes to find us Throwin' bad days behind us Ahh damn up in the headlights Bout to let it shine Find your ass in there tip-toeing Your ass is mine We got you waitin' for us on the radio So our albums can drop Snoop, Fiend, me, Beats By The Pound, you know that's gon' pop Jump in the game in the walkway With enough money to fuck with Till ya hear that last fuckin' woof We ain't done yet Chorus Let me here ya say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (yeah, uh-huh, all my niggaz say) Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (na, na, na, na, na, na) Woof! mothafucker, Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (na, na, na, na, na, na) Let me hear ya say Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay [Snoop] I come faster than a speedin' bullet Or I can take my time and move it slow Wake up outta my seat and hit this mic and blow like some indo You can call me what you want Just don't call me no punk My name is Snoop D-O-double-G And I'm the godfather of G-Funk I'll put this shit down, like clown, Dogg Pound is my set Nigga set outta line, I shoot them in they mothafuckin' spine And break they necks (nigga, nigga) As I go down, you gon' realize that See when you run up in my face you able to get smacked, jacked, just like that I'ma fool, break the rules, damn, way too cool They call me Snoop D-O-double-G (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na) Cause I'ma fuckin' fool, I can get silly But I'd rather sit back, relax, new jacks, get smacked, cause I'm tryin' to blaze up a sack (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na) To my nigga Mystikal, Fiend, and my big homie Master P Cause thats just the way this shit gon' be Baby, N-O-L-I-M-I-T (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na) We gon' make y'all say Woof Until you mothafuckers demand That nigga named Snoop Chorus I can make 'em say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (laughing) I can make 'em say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay Let me here ya say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay Let me hear ya say Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (everybody in the house) Say Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! Woof! (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na) Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (up top, come on) Woof! mothafucker, Woof! mothafucker (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na) Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay (down low) Yeah, yeah, and who side (na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na) Bow-wow-wow-yippie-yo-yippie-yay *repeated till end* And not only that And not only that This No Limit baby Ya heard me? Yeah And not only that Shit get crazy in this mothafcuker Ya heard me? Uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Souljah Slim f/ Mystikal, Trinity Album: Give it to 'Em Raw Song: Get High With Me Typed by: Turtle4000@Hotmail.com (Hook) To all my niggas that get high with me Are ya'll really down to die with me? Catch a bullet if it fly for me? Walk by or drive by with me? (Souljah Slim) I got niggas that committed that'd die for me Catch a bullet if that motherfucker fly for me You see only real niggas ride with me in the back In the front sippin' on Coniac I'm blowin big dubs Rest in peace to all the niggas that I ran wit' Feel like I'm the last man standing with my gun in hand Watching my back spooking like I'm on that coke again Knowing these niggas all in my face ain't my friends They backstabbers, moneygrabbers Trying to get what I got They want my jingles and my pops I think not I'm getting shot behind mines I thought I told you I'ma trained for combat soldier You gone respect Magnolia Only aiming for the piece above your shoulder And knock it off with the quickness I'm all about my business Murda one, Murda two If I gotta kill a whole clique I'll kill them motherfuckers too Nigga who that be's in the darkness It be me Souljah Slim aiming at his target Blam-Blam Bodyslam go the victim Check em partner we killed him That's how I lick em' a shot (Hook) (Trinity) Point ignorance, vigilance, it be's the prospect Trinity, cut-throater, Magnolia projects Flex, respects, that checks better recognize Don't come with that bullshit Trinity pull shit A hell upon us to smoke, getfull shit Nigga let's do this For Souljah Slim G lock cock murder them Nigga put em' in the wind then I'ma hit your set and KaBoom it's sin then Nigga just sin then to the Pit of Less Prophet  with hot shit we send them Gotta hit from hell, Thought I caught ya'  Nigger Knockers finna chop us we bend them On the street that it's cut-throat Them niggas don't know that we lay Souljah Slim if you say so, rock-a-bye them bitches don't play hoe (Hook) (Mystikal) Up, Up, Up come fly with me Puff, Puff, Puff come get high with me Buck, Buck put em' up this is a robbery Come on nigga get in, I'ma drive just ride with me But when the shit go down nigga you better be ready to die with me I see past around the corner come on follow me I'm drillin' and killin' these bitches until they get tired of me Old fake dick-in-the-booty-ass niggas don't bother me Bitch I'm bout' to retire like I hit the lottery The man wrote it down like that so that's how it's gotta be I see through you bitches like cheap tint don't lie to me All in my face showing ivory (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Steady Mobb'n f/ Mystikal, Silkk The Shocker Album: Black Mafia Song: Niggas Like Me Typed by: IcyBlayze@hotmail.com Get the extra clips There we go (gangsta shit, gangsta shit, niggas like me into gangsta shit) [Crooked Eye] Chorus Niggas like me make the world go round Beats by the pound is them niggas droppin platnum sounds Niggas like me roll wit extra clips Cuz niggas like me be in some gangsta shit x2 Niggas like me quick to pop that steel Because niggas like me, haters trying to kill And uh, niggas like me used to slang birdies Before niggas like me was into R-A-P You see niggas like me ball wit nuthin but thugs 30 deep, strapped muggin, in the back of the club It be niggas like me posted up in the cut Ready to lite this shit up cuz I dont give a fuck Niggas like me role wit Master P And that red ass gangsta Mr. B-O-Z Niggas like me from the west to south Niggas like the M-O-B and Mystikal Chorus x2 [Mystikal] Muthafucker better hump in your back Clock the glock, hold up the buzz, tear up the club Make these weak ass niggas know the fuck you at When they see you wit yo beer banana Nigga you skipped the line, you get yo shine Make yo money dont play no time Yo hoe big fine, torture line Them niggas dont trip they respect yo mind Excute us to see ya, follow the leader Looked up to a lil trill, wanna be ya Black tuxedo wit a 9 milimeter Call Steady Mobbn we all ready now [Silkk] Mistah hold up Type a niggas goin behind his fiance goin out n creep And at the weddn, any reason why these two shouldnt be married, she a  freak I be the typa nigga that holds his own That typa niggas block be holdn his own Ya know I be sayin buzz, holdn the crome Below holdn the dough like, what went wrong No findn jail I box the more I just knocked poped on the door If I dont kill us, live that pop smoke Who you think I am, fuck yall, steady mobbn [Crooked Eye] Chorus x2 [Billy Bavgate] Niggas like me got you smokin dat weed Sellin dat D, north south west to tha east They say, a nigga like me, I put the funk in tha streets My lig go broke, I put the broke in the streets Im a public enemy on my enemies Drug dealers feeln me Im smokn my weed Til these jealous niggas bury me Bury me real in the pine box Put me next to moms and pops One love to the niggas dumpin shots at cops For the crooked shit they do man it's got to stop And they say, a nigga like me am I a menace on the streets Cause I handle my business when we meet [Crooked Eye] Chorus x2 Yeah, this dedicated to them real gangstas. Mystikal, he into gangsta shit. Steady Mobb'n, we into gangsta shit. Silkk The Shocker, he into gangsta shit. C-Murder, you into gangsta shit. And the Colonel Master P into gangsta shit. Big Boz, he into gangsta shit. N-O L-I-M-I-T into gangsta shit. Yeah, Beats By The Pound. Puttin it down. You other producers back up and put them drumsticks down. Craig B, O'Dell, that nigga KL. Mo D, and beats by Los. Don't even play these niggas close. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Tru (Silkk, C-Murder), Mercedez Album: Nothing To Lose soundtrack Song: Hit Em Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I got nu-thin to lose (ungh!) Pass me a ski mask, a glock, and my tennis shoes I got nu-thin to lose Pass me a ski mask a glock, and my tennis shoes (ungh!) Chorus: Mercedez You need to get, your life together (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) South money and hustlin, don't last forever  (Hit em up, get em up, stick em up) Some say that G's make the world go round (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) You say you got nothin to lose, but who got a back when ya down?  (Hit em up, get em up, stick em up) [Master P] Man, I'm bout it, bout to get rowdy I ain't even trippin if y'all fools doubt me Penetentiary chances, I done danced with it Died and went Hell, came back, down to do whatever Hit em up (hit em up) stick em up, pick em up I hope ya got insurance on ya brand new truck Mama need food in the icebox And I need some new Jordan with some white sock Bout to rob Peter, to pay Paul The ghetto got me crazy, but I won't fall On my way to Arizona, got it sewed up down South with the task all on it *sirens* Bout to put five in the stash box Called the C-Murder up for them plastic glocks Beeper ringin, Silkk forgot the neck on some chicken Cristal, parlay with Beck, gettin riches No longer, livin in condos It's mansions and fifty inch windows Marble floors, tailor made suits Lex Luthor, Ferraris, windows be bulletproof Me work a nine to five, fool I like the good life Seen mama so much, she slapped my face cause I ain't livin right Me give it up, I get rowdy Grabbed the gat, hit the street and the highway, I'm bout it, bout it Chorus [Silkk the Shocker] I gots, nuthin to lose, I'm on the run like The Fugitive My spot kinda hot, so I can't go where I used to live Me and P ridin dirty, in the Yukon Bout to get caught in due time, different place every state a new crime Grab a ski mask and two nines, say money make the world go round from out between the knocks I lets em in Can't lose, gotta win, false move, end up in the pen How many I kill goin for the cash Dude, I gotta do it for the stash Fill the getaway car up with gas, with the smash Whatever we make, P, we goin in half A nigga sex money and greed, costs of livin lavish Hey I'ma get ya for what you got If you ain't got it, act like you don't have it I grab my gun before I grab my shoes Everything on the line, so I can't lose Man, look, you know Silkk, you know I'm bout to act a fool So I'm a be gon away like a breeze Run through like, all type of trees I ain't gon stop til the cops say freeze, I can't lose [Master P] I got nuthin to lose Pass me a ski mask, a glock, and my tennis shoes Chorus [Mercedez] We're in it deep, and we're in it to win it (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) In other words, there ain't no stoppin No Limit (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) Master P, Mercedez, T-R-U (hit em up, get em up, stick em up) After them, dead presidents, cause we have nuthin to lose  (Hit em up, get em up, stick em up) [C-Murder] Little bro (Whattup?) Check this out (Whoa) I ain't walk around with that fool (Why, what happened to that youngsta?) Man but Will had it comin, ya heard me? (no) He had it comin, bro (no) You know what I'm sayin, what happenin? (Holla at ya people) I wasn't even high, though, I wasn't high (no) Some kinda way, knowhatI'msayin? I'ma get mine (I'm fo sho gon get it) Gotta pay the bills, bro (Huh, bro?) I gotta get them meals, you know what I'm sayin? Fo' scheeze (Whoa, now) I ain't got nuthin to lose (Huh, bro?) Got what? Everything to gain, you know what I'm sayin? (Oh, gots to have that there) Bro, ghetto got me crazy (I feed them children) Dead, I'm on the run (Huh, bro?) nut I gotta gun Man, me and Dead Joe, down here actin a donkey (Huh, bro?) Actin bad, hit three licks today, Third Ward style (uh-huh) Like P say, I gotta get my cornbread (ohh) cabbage, and my greens (Oh... oh we gots to get that there) Yeah you know I'm Tru to this, I mean really, in other words I ain't got nuttin to lose, ya heard me? (Say that then) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Bleed f/ Master P, Mystikal Album: My Balls and My Word Song: Bring the Noise Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Master P] This for my nigga Young Bleed, ya heard me? Young Bleed, hah hah, ungh From the South to the West bring the noise (Bitch I see you there, whas happenin?  Oh what you don't remember me? I'ma come out motherfucker, know how I do) Ain't No Limit, unggggh Ungggggh, bring the noise, nigga Ungggggh, pass me them toys, nigga (repeat 2X) [Mystikal] You need a fuckin whole army if you think you gonna take me I come up in this bitch and start goin CRAZY No more Mr. Nice Guy, excuses be given but that's how you MADE me Bitch this real life, it ain'ts to be played with One false move, niggaz I tear purchasin the pavement Had to get my shit together straight never flyin right from a sandpit Had to get my foundation mo' stable, and tighten up on my PAPER Uncle Sam get out the way I don't care so hand the number to my pager watchin for weasels, but still take good care of my PEOPLE Keep handlin my business I'm in it to win it -- YEAH! Fuck the party I'm workin hard from seargeant to lieutenant Let's get it started to fin' it, my beginning is your ending If I want it I GET IT, AND IF I SAID IT I MEANT IT HOW IN THE FUCK you gonna PLAY ME, smile in my face like you LIKE me Bitch you might as well HATE ME, you don't value my LIFE Determination, balls of fate, is how I got up in here So don't get SHOT up in here get out the way bitch we GOT IT from here! Chorus: Master P So, bring the noise, niggaz unnnngh So, pass me them toys, nigga unngggggh (repeat 2X) Niggaz duck when I came I mean I buck and they ran How many fools screamin Soldier but they couldn't maintain I had my Soldier ranks high and across my fo'head Is there a heaven 4 a gangsta, that what my pah said I learned to, double it up for some dollars Hooked up wit a dopefiend term I sawed shit into hard powder I'm on the block slangin amphetamines I'm thinkin about my ghetto dreams on a triple beam Ain't no, turnin back I'm way too deep I got prices on my head by niggaz in the hood and the police A young nigga tryin to make it Twenty inch rims, candy wood, that's why they hate me, Soldiers Chorus [Young Bleed] Nigga if you ain't ready now you won't ever be ready They tryin to catch me for steady stackin confedi it's heavy But let me explain the game to break the chains of pain and, misery Playin my fame throughout this game and, remain a, mystery Is you peepin my skill? Is you seein is it real? Is you hurtin from hatin makin me reach for my steel? Knowin I'm runnin with ballers and steady clickin with killers Graveyard peelers masterminded drug dealers, and bitches love niggaz payin dues without nothin to lose Actin a fool the savage style from New Orleans to Baton Rouge I'm the cool out, makin it pop, it don't stop til I stack a million chips that's off the top, is you feelin me? I'm willin, it ain't no killin, I bet your life'll never be the same from blood spillin Heavens to Merkatroid gotta be fouler like the Big Boy Shakin up some shit I thought you knew I bring the noise, bitch Chorus [Master P] Ha ha, No Limit nigga Bringin the motherfuckin noise Young Bleed, pass the toys Mystikal, and I got it Master P Let's ride out nigga, handle our business Burst the game on these stupid bitches and get paid *gunshot* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 5th Ward Weebie f/ Kane & Abel, Mystikal Album: Ghetto Platinum Song: Show Dat Work Typed by: bigwigg@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist (5th Ward Weebie) ha,ha,oh,ha,oh,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha, ha,oh,oh,oh,ha,ha,ha,oh,ha,oh,oh,oh,oh (Hook) (2x) (5th Ward Weebie) You gotta shake it like a dog (Mystikal) Show dat work (5th Ward Weebie) You gotta wobble on the wall (Mystikal) Show dat work (5th Ward Weebie) You gotta take it all off (Mystikal) Show dat work (1x) (5th Ward Webbie) You gotta shake it like a,  you gotta shake it like a (2x) (5th Ward Weebie) ha,ha,ha,ha (Mystikal) Girl I wanna do you like a German Shepard Take you home and get you hot and hot and get you butt naked On the floor on the bed leg on the dresser Bend you out and wear you out on my own record Drop dat work, Take dat work, Throw dat work  Do what you do show dat work I want dat cushion da pushing that got me looking Bet you if I get wit you I hit the bottom of the bushes So don't call me them other suckers trying to play me like that Cause I'll give you them couple dollars let my partner bite that And if you wana do it again with somebody else then I'll be right back And when we do it don't worry it's gone be somewhere where it's nice at (5th Ward Weebie) ha, Kane & Abel baby, 5th Ward Weebie baby, Mystikal baby, You gotta drop a little lower, drop a little lower ha, check it,ha, come on (Hook) (2x) (5th Ward Weebie) It's lil Weebie ha he off the heezie ha (Mystikal) Show dat work (5th Ward Weebie) You took it off shorty Catching the wall taking it off, shaking it shorty Oooh lil mama lookin for Weebie and Mystikal and Kane & Abel & on the cable Gotcha twerkin and working on you grandma kitchen table Now drop a lil lower , pop a lil lower for me baby Do what you do for part 2 cousin don't try to play me Breaking it off for fifty popping in (?) city A million dollars gone holla keep em shaking in they parla Cause I know you like to go off and show off for Weebie Take it slow for P Town move over bend over easy Ooh baby like it when you jiggle and wobble Walking it like a model while you popping your bottle Cause I know you act a fool wit it went to school wit it Bring it round the world I like to see you move wit it Bout to boil like a fire coming out the Gizia Making em take it off while you shake it like a dog (Hook) (2x) (Kane & Abel) I wana see you girls wiggle it, strip wit it, jiggle it Bend it over bust a split show dem brauds who they wit Break Break a sweat wit it, get them draws wet wit it, get it I got to like it like a pit when I hit it Ooh bust a quick turn I gots to see you from the front know  Back it up baby make em hot make em jump now Bounce for me oh give it to em raw now  Twerk the bar work the floor now wobble some more Most Wanted on the mic yes I might go off  Make it bounce, make it twerk, now shake it like a dog Now shake it for your boy let me see dat work you making my head hurt lifting up tha skirt Now let me see you drop down take it to the floor  I love it here's a hundred baby show me some more Your outfit is skin tight messy chicks wont fight body looking just right girl it's on tonight (Hook) (2x) (5th Ward Weebie) Most wanted boys bout to make you wobble harder Make you shag down make you shake it for a quarter 5th Ward Weebie bout to hit you wit dat work,  bout to make you lift your skirt,(?) [repeat 2X] (Gots to turn around back it up act a fool back it up  make it hustle back it up  Make it wobble back it up turn around back it up ) Drop low wit it do the 5th ward wit it now drop low wit it do the 5th ward wit it Do the 5th ward hustle , 5th ward hustle 5th ward hustle , do the 5th ward hustle You gots to drop drop jiggy jiggy drop drop jiggy jiggy (Mystikal) Do what you do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Mike f/ Mystikal Album: Still Serious Song: Southern Comfort (On & On) Typed by: jostmatt@bgb.ch It goes on and on {Mystikal:}     So that's how it's goin down, my nigga? {Big Mike:}   Yeah, it's happenin like that, loc {Mystikal:}   That nigga Big Mike {Big Mike:}   That nigga Mystikal {Mystikal:}   Layin it down for the 19nigga6 {Big Mike:}   Playin with cake for the 19nigga7   Fo sho   Knawmean?   Big daddy style {Big Mike:} Now come and get a glimpse of this Uptown pimp Who be havin a hard-on for this championship like Shawn Kemp I got these women ballin, shrimp and crawfish by the Lake Front Five gallons of D'Acquery, grilled steaks and blunts Now women, you can state what you want and fellas, you can state what you need But I'm always gee'd keyed with a bag of weed Yes indeedy, I'm the player with the ball in hand Got em ballin, man, darling I know you understand Now it ain't hard, nep, but you damn sure better watch your step Platinum and gold, these hoes know my fuckin rep Slept for a year, kickin it back, takin it easy Now I'm back with the skills and the real flock to see me Now be me, be me, many a nigga tried to imitate this style Couldn't do i,t had to go home and practise for a little while Longer, stronger back in '97 and '98 I'm droppin hits Partner, stay off my dick, now quit Tryin to portray the type of nigga you can never be (Shit, Big Mike the dopest nigga you will ever see) Get down for my crown, partner, what you say? Big Mike and Mystikal, in December just like May {Mystikal:} Shit, I was born and raised in New Orleans I grew up on second lining and gumbo, red beans Canal Street, river-boardin Everybody ???, now I be talkin Pointin gats like they do in the movies Every night nigga made the news  Wearin a polo shirt and Bally shoes 'Stik can remember when them niggas went for hard They would climb up they bars and so-called represent they Ward When you get to the club it's gon' be some shit-startin And some shoulder-bumpin, steppin on toes, bitch, I beg your pardon If you're a buster, then you're bust-up If you're a sucker, you're gettin sucked up, tough luck Stand up like a man and hold your own is the only motto Cause all that gettin-fucked-all-over-shit played out with lotto Fuckin erase and ease off the throttle Before I bust you in your shit with this King Cobra bottle Make the bitch respect Michael Tyler Lord know a nigga don't want to, but all you muthafuckas gotta Not wantin the Gucci's, tellin time through Movado I don't sell no powder, but I'm stackin g's in my closet Uptown niggas livin foul and Westbank niggas gettin clicked out, Downtown niggas gettin violent I'd probably be dead or locked down if it wasn't for rappin Cause where I'm from niggas ain't havin fun unless they scrappin Goin to war brawlin Bitch, don't get mad with me, that's how it is in New Orleans Bitch it goes on It goes on right here It goes right here in New Orleans The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Mike f/ Mystikal Album: Realest Niggaz Down South Song: Southern Comfort Remix  Typed by: Dirtysouth439@aol.com Lady singing: It goes on and on...... Mystikal:     So this how it's goin down, hungh nigga? Big Mike:   Yeah, it's how its happenin like that, loc Mystikal:   That nigga Big Mike Big Mike:   That nigga Mystikal Mystikal:   Layin it down, layin it down, layin it down Big Mike:   Playin wit' cake, playin' wit cake, playin' wit cake  Hungh Bra   Mystikal:  Say dat' there'  Big Mike:  Fo sho   Knawmean?  Y'all know whats up   Big daddy style {Big Mike:} Now come and get a glimpse of this Uptown pimp Who be havin a hard-on for this championship like Shawn Kemp I got these women ballin, shrimp and crawfish by the Lake Front Five gallons of D'Acquery, grilled steaks and blunts Now women, you can state what you want and fellas, you can state what you need But I'm always gee'd keyed with a bag of weed Yes indeedy, I'm the player with the ball in hand Got em ballin, man, darling I know you understand Now it ain't hard, nep, but you damn sure better watch your step Platinum and gold, these hoes know my fuckin rep Slept for a year, kickin it back, takin it easy Now I'm back with the skills and the real flock to see me Now be me, be me, many a nigga tried to imitate this style Couldn't do i,t had to go home and practise for a little while Longer, stronger back in '97 and '98 I'm droppin hits Partner, stay off my dick, now quit Tryin to portray the type of nigga you can never be Mystikal: Shit, Big Mike the dopest nigga you will ever see Big Mike: Puttin' it down for my crown, partner, what you say? Big Mike and Mystikal, in December just like May {Mystikal:} Shit, I was born and raised in New Orleans I grew up on second line and gumbo, red beans Canal Street, river-walkin' Everybody shout to da diz-nine(9th ward), hungh bra, ya not to be talkin' Pointin gats like they do in the movies Every night nigga made the news  Wearin a polo shirt and Bally shoes 'Stik can remember when them niggas went for hard They would round up they boys and so-called represent they Ward When you get to the club it's gon' be some shit-startin And some shoulder-bumpin, steppin on toes, bitch, I beg your pardon If you're a buster, then you're bust-up If you're a sucker, you're gettin sucked up, tough luck Stand up like a man and hold your own is the only motto Cause all that gettin-fucked-all-over-shit played out with lotto Foot on tha brakes and ease off the throttle Before I bust you in your shit with this King Cobra bottle Make the bitch respect Michael Tyler Lord know a nigga don't want to, but all you muthafuckas gotta Not wantin the Gucci's, tellin time through Movado I don't sell no powder, but I'm stackin g's in my closet Uptown niggas livin violent Westbank niggas gettin clicked out, Downtown niggas gettin violent I'd probably be dead or locked down if it wasn't for rappin Cause where I'm from niggas ain't havin fun unless they scrappin Goin to war brawlin Bitch, don't get mad with me, that's how it is in New Orleans Bitch it goes on It goes on ri' chea It goes right here in New Orleans... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: BLACKStreet f/ Mystikal Album: Level II Song: Wizzy Wow Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist Wizzy wow.. Wow Wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Uh, wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Uh, Wizzy-wizzy wow Uh, Wizzy-wizzy wow Drop a top to make you say... WOW Sleep with the top, let that make you say... WOW Pop in approach, makin' the industry... WOW I can do a mile in like 20 seconds like... WOW Pick up a chick and the body's like..WOW Hit them and ??? throwin' the face was like... WOW Went to the crib and her mouth dropped like... WOW Took off her clothes and then OH-OH there always was trouble Yo', this girl was so kinky like... WOW The cranium was crazy, it made me shout... WOW Touchin' her clothes with her hands and mean...WHILE She got me in her carpet and sweatin' like... WOW I can't be greedy, that's not cool like... WOW Phat expressin' her to my peeps, that's... WOW Hit up my dawg on a two, he hollered... WOW He called my cell and said, "I'll be there on the double" Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW (Wizzy-wizzy) Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy WOW (Wizzy-wizzy) I'm with my crew, my niggaz, like... WOW We all eatin' up bank accounts, it's like... WOW So many Os, 64s, it's like... WOW Where we go we go drop our clothes like... WOW Ice and the chains, it's exotic like... WOW Different colored diamonds hypnotic like... WOW Ain't no stoppin' us now, we shuttin' it down How you likin' me now, I got a new style Shake your ass, won't you sleep with me now Wiggle the middle, shake the shit up in the middle Touch what's really simple, don't get stuck in the middle I'ma, I'ma fuckin' legend Keg up to my Os and 7 Any where I go I'm winnin' Matrix to keep your head spinnin' You know how hot it is gettin' (Wizzy-wizzy) Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow (Wizzy-wizzy) Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow (Wizzy-wizzy) [Mystikal] Stop teasin' me like that, I ain't playin' wit' ya! I'm layin' wit' ya, but I ain't stayin' wit' ya! Since you be movin' it like that, think you'll be doin' it like that! When I be throwin' it at you, will you be bringin' it right back!! Wizzy-wizz, that's my CONDOM, BITCH!! She can't cook but she can ride that dick! Know she ain't smart but she got a nice tits! She mess around but that still my chick BIZ-I, IS I off the chain?! Wizzy-wizzy-wizzy-wizzy wow Is it things she ain't! Teddy Riley, Michael Tyler, big trump thang Million dollars, sunny holler big bucks ma'an I came to put it down like it's SUPPOSED TO BE!! They fall up in my verse knowin' it's me! STAR....LOUD...PROUD...(Wizzy-wizzy) [BlackStreet] WIZZY, WIZZY WOOOOOOOOOW OHHH yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Mystikal Album: Extinction Level Event * The Final World Front Song: Iz They Wildin' Wit' Us & Getting' Rowdy Wit' Us Typed by: MiB447912@aol.com Yeah yeah Fix that guitar shit Yeah (25x) Ay yo Mystikal (Here I go wha) Iz they getting' rowdy wit' us Iz they wildin' wit us Yeah yeah Flipmode nigga (wha) No Limit nigga (wha) Flipmode nigga (wha) No Limit nigga (wha) Flipmode nigga Yo yo yo (Here we go) Mystikal: Coincide with yo boy check out with no lines On yo boy look out but don't hide When you bust it up and keep rhymes When you walk towards the tape offline For your boys got instinct rhymes When you bump between the sixteen lines When you bowl win the goal bitches scream Win the goal keep ahead keep it live Before you go get your tattoo rhymes For your boy pick a bell in the bathroom Penalized doing it till he get tired of ya boy That shit between me and you niggas Then trying to figure out what I say I give less than a fuck, what you doing over there Just don't get in my way Hear my records feel my presence now and forever and until Stop what you doing and work it fuck it nice Just complete it with a licking to the man right there Tell you mother fuckerswhat we came to do It's just plain as day but they don't wanna see If you don't wanna fight get the fuck is you'll be In the spot working on my beat Long time I'm having no compromise I'ma open them up and them I'm dumping them out I'm keeping it hard so don't get mad Cause I'm loading 'em up and I'm running 'em out Hit 'em with the bang then I feel a bang Take her in the backyard outside leave 'em in a ring Teach the niggas not to fuck with us And next year we gon do the same thing and Chorus (2x): Now who you is nigga? I'm Mystikal nigga Now who you is nigga? I'm Busta Rhymes nigga Now is they wildin with us And getting rowdy with us Now is they wildin with us And getting rowdy with us Busta: Yo yo yo yo yo yo Me and my nigga Mystikal make a plan that generate Sufficient amount of funds across many lands Generate the heat the place radiate When I break shit I drop create a earthquake Yo, anyway we still double masking And get the gambit and eat super pie niggas All over the track with a kick in your back I know we making you black And you stay fucking with that You my niggas is platinum Can you deal with the fact? Me and the fact getting money With my name on the plaque You know how I blow the spot You niggaz can't fuck with what I got Nigga please Ooh nigga you don't need me to smoke trees Nigga freefall make you feel some of these Oh by hollow tips pinned in your ass Get off the Earth the fact that you even in my class Yo All my live bitches get over here And all my live bitches get with the niggas right there All you other niggas get in the rear All you weak funny niggas you better stand clear Come inside of my storm put on your gear You ain't up here my nigga better be up outta here Yo, when we come you know we the one We only here to get money till the whole shit done Chorus (2x): Flipmode wildin wildin Yeah y'all wildin wildin No Limit rowdy rowdy Getting rowdy rowdy Busta Rhymes wildin wildin Yeah you wildin wildin Mystikal rowdy rowdy Gettin rowdy rowdy Flipmode wildin wildin Yeah y'all wildin wildin No Limit rowdy rowdy Getting rowdy rowdy Busta Rhymes wildin wildin Yeah you wildin wildin Mystikal rowdy rowdy You getting rowdy rowdy What Mystikal and Busta Rhymes Busta Rhymes and Mystikal No Limit and Flipmode Flipmode and No Limit What you talking bout nigga what what What the fuck nigga What you want nigga Who you is nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Master P, Mystikal Album: Rainbow Song: Did I Do That? Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com [Mariah Carey] I really hope when you hear this song That you're happy with somebody new (happy, na, na, na, na) Baby because I am the love I can call my own And I know I'm apart from you (Bridge) (x4) [Mystikal] We can't stop now We can't stop You can't stop  So [bitch] don't try [Mariah Carey] Don't you know that you seem Just a little crazy And I trust in intimacy But you threw it away Just threw it away Now that's all in the past When I think of you I just laugh My friends must of thought I was high Cause I given so much to someone not worth my time (Chorus) [Mariah Carey] Funny how sometimes  You can really lose your mind And do things you would never do Did I do that? You have sometimes You get caught up in the high Till your senses return to you Love played you for a fool [Mariah Carey] You were so insecure And your crew was so immature  Conversations getting weak It was much better off when we didn't speak But gotta tell you the truth It was my illusion of you Being so how destined for me It had me in a daze But, when I was seeing you (Chorus) [Mariah Carey] I really hope when you heat this song That you know it was meant for you (you, you, you, you) Know you're the one to ride alone Try to do the best you can do (Bridge) w/ adlibs from Mariah Carey (x4) (Chorus) (Repeated till fade) (This time Mystikal instead of Mariah Carey says did I do that.) (Bridge) (Repeated till fade) (Comes in after the 2nd Chorus Behind Chorus) [Master P] (Behind Chorus &amp; Bridge) It ain't my fault (x15) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Mystikal Album: Glitter Soundtrack Song: Don't Stop (Funkin' 4 Jamaica) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Mystikal] Woo woo, ugh hey; do the thing! [DJ Clue] Uh Oh! uh oh! [Mystikal] Watch yourself, get on the floor, move your feet [DJ Clue] Woooooooeeeeeeee [Mystikal] There ain't nothing you can do with the man Except for shake your ass and clap your hands And bob your head and move your feet I ain't the type of rapper just to ride a beat I set the track on fire, I take the roof, the house and let the air out your tires It's the funk in here Let Mystikal move you and Mariah sing [Chorus: Mariah Carey & Mystikal] Don't stop baby (Shake your ass) It's ecstasy (Watch yourself) Turn me up a little higher Baby light my fire Tell me every little thing you wanna do (Do the thing) Baby I'm into you (Get on the floor) Don't stop baby (Shake your ass) It's ecstasy (Oh, shake the whole building) Turn me up a little higher (Sing it) Baby light my fire Tell me every little thing you want to do I just want to love you (Uh bob your head and move your feet) [Mystikal] Heads up, look out it's bout to go down And what they didn't know about me then, I bet they know now I'm bout to prove my fame So just get out the way and let me do the thing It's on tonight I'm known to be more funky than the garbage truck Sucker, you can't stop a train You ain't got no umbrella so get your ass out the rain You ain't louder than this I'm like a bowl of gumbo, you ain't hotter than this I'm what they play in the club I keep them moving till I leave, that's what your paying me for You already know what I do So have my money and my munchies and my cigar too I'm known for bringing the heat Ain't nobody cutting up but MC and MC-T [Chorus: Mariah Carey & Mystikal] Don't stop baby (Shake your ass) It's ecstasy (Watch yourself) Turn me up a little higher Baby light my fire Tell me every little thing you wanna do (Do the thing) Baby I'm into you(Uh oh, uh oh get on the floor) Don't stop baby It's ecstasy (Shake the whole building) Turn me up a little higher Baby light my fire (Jam) Tell me every little thing you want to do I just want to love you (Li-li-li-li-li-li-ling) [Mystikal] Go head and do ya party Mix that with that dark but don't waste that on my Jordans Keep laughing till your mouth tired Go ahead and light something up but take that cigarette outside Get on the floor It's another number one debut for sure Now say it ain't real And if I ain't a fool why you can't keep still sing [Mariah Carey & Mystikal] I'm feeling And I gotta get in the beat (For sho') Jamaican funk that's what it was (Feel) O-oh let it get into you (Watch yourself) [Chorus: Mariah Carey & Mystikal] Don't stop baby (Clap your hands) It's ecstasy (Get on the floor) Turn me up a little higher Baby light my fire Tell me every little thing you wanna do (Whoa) Baby I'm into you (It's on tonight) Don't stop baby (Shake your ass) It's ecstasy (Watch yourself) Turn me up a little higher Baby light my fire Tell me every little thing you wanna do (Do the thing) I just want to love you (Get on the floor) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Brat f/ Mystikal Album: Unrestricted Song: Hands in the Air Typed by: drunken_monkey72@hotmail.com (Da Brat) Niggas always watchin me (funky!) But I want em to keep on watchin me I'ma keep give em sumthin to see (smokin!) I always feel like Somebody's watchin me, watchin me Could it be the way I'm still tight? Niggas that didn't use to feel me jockin me, jockin me The, whole world got too much money for me To not get no dough, dough, can't no hoe Rock harder than the one from So-So I never go broke broke I keep comin with the vocals that make most know Why the fuck I boast, boast and brag Why should I look sad that I got some loot now? In fact, I knew how watch when I back the Coupe out Can niggas just troop out The same way they do when I show you Brat With a little bit of boobs out And her big ass protrude out Get the news out Some of you bitches lose out When the sexiness ooze out Like orgasms, I'm the best at this Throwin tantrums when I move into makin shit If you thinkin of becomin one of my favorites You gotta pay a bitch Cause I be stayin rich I ain't quittin, quittin Way before "Funkdafied" I was spittin, spittin (chorus) Throw yo hands in the air like you dont care This fo niggas and bitches everywhere Forever you playas playas flash on em, get cash on em And make em say, say Hands in the air, from side to side Forever im high, high Together we ride, ride I'm never too tired To get that paper, baby (Da Brat) If y'all wanna see me, see me Im give y'all somethin to look look at Make a nigga neck turn turn for Brat Burn burn these hoes cuz I'm back and my pants still sag It's automatic, they wanna jump on my wagon, wagon I ain't lackin lackin on shit Open ya eyes when my body when I try on clothes that fit fit I'm articulate and particulate on who I let hit hit And get up in the middle of the center of my tootsie roll Roll me something to smoke smoke and burn slow slow Don't keep it a secret, tell all ya folks See you when I shine, I glow, glow From the C-H-I-C-A-GO, 6-0-6-4-4 And I trust no, nigga that make a mistake for me Guns ready to blaze and to leave with you Some of the ones run I can't control my trigger finger when it pump pump Stay out the way when I come come It's guaranteed to bump bump the trunk, uh And put a hump in ya back If niggas is askin who's thumpin, it's Brat Brat (chorus) (Mystikal) I keep my bad braids back when puttin the dick on the track You can turn it down playa, we don't listen to that The bass dont thump, we spit on crap That beat ain't tight nigga, that shit ain't fat Everytime that shit come out, I toss it back and I slap I be breakin ya back to the rhythm of rap (?)Test it loud for the low frequency, where it's at?(?) Niggas say, "I love that fuckin shit ya did wit Da Brat!" Actin bad with the pad, with the pen, with the paper Still smoke a nigga under the table Put the lines in the words and the hooks and the phrases Instead of puttin out sumthin thats blazin Get ya hand out my pocket, get ya foot out ya mouth And ya head out ya ass And keep ya nose out my buisness And I mean it, goddammit, cuz I'm fiddinta get MAD! I put em in the trash bag Twist tie, put em out Monday and Wednesday I kick em in they raggely ass Take money from em and you know I better get some I know it ain't fair but I smoke with alligators and I wrestle with bears Throw ya hands in the air As high as you can, and leave them bitches there! (chorus 2x, fade out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E-40 f/ Mystikal Album: Loyalty and Betrayal Song: Clown Wit It Typed by: unlvboy02@home.com * * send corrections to the typist (E-40) Forty water and Mystikal  What cha know about that nigga?  Huh? (E-40) What cha want girl? You interested in a thug ass nigga  Wit battle wounds and scars  Lawyers, doctors, rappers, R&B singers or sports stars? Wig splittas and dome crackers that s all I'm accustomed to  Allergic to suckas and bustas and get to sneezin and shit aaachew! Ain't affiliated wit pathological liars and name droppers Just bosses and mafia niggas Slick talkers and collar poppa s Drug traffic and racketeer bank robbers Young pits pants saggin totin and packin choppers I'm having this ghetto money tryin to stay papered up like a fax  I keep tellin all these niggas out this way  you ain't got to have dandruff to have scratch  Protect yo neck and yo chest  See my mentality hasn't changed just my physical address nothin less (less) I smoke wit the gromiest and the highest  Takin my chances on hepatitis  Sharin my forty s of malt liquor drinkin  211 after any old nigga thinking& (Chorus) Clown wit it, Clown wid it Pimpin mob wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it Player boss wit it Clown wit it, Clown wid it Give a fuck wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it I mean sic wid it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it  Pimpin mob wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it Player boss wit it Clown wit it, Clown wid it Give a fuck wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it (Mystikal) Nigga you must have been drinkin dog water  If you think you can fuck wit the bayou godfather Smoke like scaldin water I'm come from the 12th ward  Cuts and welts and scars whoever face-off Burnin and turnin they lights out makin them stay dark Body beatin and sweepin keepin em sleepin  heat seekin deletin  cause bitch I ain need cha  feel like bullets hit cha when the rhymes flyin off  when I get finish wit cha  you gonna feelin  Dog tired boss (John Cofey from the Green Mile)  Jump shop, hop flight, cop ride and  Tellin finally smell it and chop it up wit Fonzarelli  These niggas be sounding like they talking bout they on one  but when I come they only fuck up one run like homerun  Fire-bringa  Rhyme-singa  Pussy-banga  Young dick- slanga  They funky like Kunta Kinte own thang  on my bike I'm ridin the fuckin rap game on the handle bars  (Chorus) Clown wit it, Clown wid it  Pimpin mob wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it Player boss wit it Clown wit it, Clown wid it Give a fuck wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it I mean sic wid it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it  Pimpin mob wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it Player boss wit it Clown wit it, Clown wid it Give a fuck wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it I'm talkin sic wid it  (E-40)  Livin in California ain't always to cute  Like New Orleans  You can fuck around and get yo head put on flat in a road rage dispute The poor get poorer  And the rich keep gettin richer  These hoers keep pourin  And the spicks keep getting slicker I play the game for what it s worth  Hard like penitentiary steel not soft like a Nerf I know some cats, seriously homey maybe twice,  ain't neva been pass four blocks in they li-a-life  dudes can't even dream a dream about gettin paid  just sittin on the corner sittin there for about a decade I might not be the sharpest tool in the shed but I'm a rebel  Some cats'll bury their self alive  just to prove they know how to use a shovel And about you sounding like everybody else ass rappers knock my flow But in the back of your head you really be sayin  that their nigga right their be snappin  that nigga from the bay I ain't even gon lie pimpin  That nigga a fool right their  He got a fool style  That nigga their can go&go  (Chorus) Clown wit it, Clown wid it  Pimpin mob wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it Player boss wit it Clown wit it, Clown wid it Give a fuck wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it I mean sic wid it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it  Pimpin mob wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it Player boss wit it Clown wit it, Clown wid it Give a fuck wit it  Clown wit it, Clown wid it I'm talkin sic wid it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball f/ Master P, Mystikal, Psycho Drama, Silkk the Shocker Album: Lost Song: Pure Uncut Typed by: bad_boy_er@hotmail.com Verse 1-(Silkk) AHHHHHH! I kicks it off, nigga what rhyme wit no fuckin problem, down wit them drama boys, an also Eightball, understand I gotta plan, to get me some green, I stay in cruise like control, but bustaz fold like a bad poker hand, now watch me shake this bitch up, like the dice games, see I'm always schemin tryin to get over niggaz like left an right  lanes, different day same shit, I ain't playin bitch, niggaz still got a rusty four-five wit the same clip, an see, you can get wit this, or you can get wit that, you probably won't get wit this click, cuz um, this where the gangstaz  at, it's a real deal bitch, the real shit, there's no gimmiks, Suave House, an the 504 Boyz courtesy of No Limit, hit em up. Verse 2-(Buk) Get down, feel the ground, shake 'em up, you down to die, cuz we too much for the industry to handle, we buck aside, run it nigga nut wit yo five,  I like to lease shit it's gettin leathal an I, you know the drama boys, down fo life the Suave an I, to the dirt, drama boys, wit Ball got drama that will work, make 'em feel it, every land we hit it from sugar to shy, adrenaline pumpin, ready to ride, gotta get my guys, can't waste no time, it's first of my life an money, now watch drama get bloody bloody, in ???, gotta let you know that it's a cuttin up, an if you don't hundred guys, hundred girls gonna make you wish you  hadn't stuttered. Verse 3-(Mystikal) Slow down, they see me an say, THAT'S HIM, that's that bastard, an as soon as you start runnin up like it's hurtin ya, it's when I fuck ya fasta, don't really wanna be like that, but I tell this bitch I be if I have  to, shut this mutha fucka down, bend it backwards, y'all already know where we at this is Suave House, it's like my house,  an if you ain't down wit tha an No Limit, then ride out, y'all hypin died down, its baskin an dried out, sparks poppin from the ground it's commin out my mouth, bitch don't get mad, go get yo bags an roll wit it, or stay the fuck away from niggaz you got no business, we don't give a fuck about nothin, we untouched, one-hundred percent pure shit, uncut. (Chorus x2) Suave House, No Limit soldiers (x8) (Eightball) Real playaz, wit nothin but this uncut, (Master P) Down south fake hataz get tossed up. (Eightball) Ain't No Limit to the Suaveness, we bust, world wide wit this pure uncut. UGHH! Verse 4-(Pysde) Here goes this potioness vocaless,  wit the motion of locus,  an leavin 'em, open an dope, wit there noses drove when I focus, the de-infected brain cells, lay by the thousands, the music them hittin shown to be known to livin in project housin, towels that ring-out, givin up on y'all boy, y'all don't need to be fuckin wit moi boy, No Limit an Suave boy or I boy, you suckaz hear til you make you feel me deeper than you, some of these bitchez as cold as a Chicago at christmas an this is, a test to make 'em scroll from a brain of the ???, ignorant mutha fuckaz that will get high an talk from ???, inflict the sickness yeah for the paper, guess who after me, the Don limited an the fat mack gonna cut it after me. Verse 5-(Master P) UGHHH! Chasin houses ride wit me, real niggaz an bitches get high wit me, I live the life of a No Limit soldier, I run wit pimps an dealaz, I thought I told ya, but we all about our piz-aper, that's why I jumped in the double O an hooked up wit Tony Draper, so handle bizze at the biz-house, it's all about No Limit an that.... Suave House, gettin paid for the diz-ounds, worth millions cuz we all about our piz-ounds, so how ya do dat there, make 'em say UGH!, get rowdy, get bout it. Verse 6-(Eightball) Who is it? Big Ball payin a visit, don't miss my exhibit, nigga I'm about to rip it, apart, startin wit yo heart, we ain't hard shit, dirty ass street nigga, stained an the scarin shit, an foreign shit, most hoes would kill to get wit, the Suave House, an them soldiers at No Limit, niggaz fear it cuz we strong an we black on, green or brown, we be smokin til the sack gone, tornados flows, blow away my foes, hurracaine came, stormin on these hoes, Master P, Silkk, Mystikal an Psycho Drama, in the kitchen wit me cookin up this uncut. (Chorus Eightball an Master P's x2) (Suave House, No Limit soldiers x16) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ Mystikal Album: Broken Silence Song: Bout My Paper Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Mystikal] If it ain't about my paper (paper) The bitch don't call me (Bitch don't call me) Cause I'm about my motherfucking business (my business) So you can kill that talking (kill that talking) If you ain't got no motherfucking confrontation Then keep on walking (Watch out there now) Cause I'm about to show you what you paid for when you came here Put your hands up, let's get this motherfucker started [Foxy] Who could talk about that money better than me? Who could stay so hood femininely? Who stay on 5th Ave spending them g's? Whos just as controversial as Eminem be? F-O-X-Y, East Coast, West Side Who the fuck really want come test I Dont start no shit tonight You know them gangsta Brooklyn niggas is quick to fight But we 'bout our dough - you know how that go You know Brown come through with the hot ass flow And go straight at them, quickly go platinum Still cocky, wrist still rocky Real chunky niggas still want me Still touring and shopping in every country Fox, Pooh and Pretty run this city [Mystikal] If it ain't about my paper (paper) The bitch don't call me (Bitch don't call me) Cause I'm about my motherfucking business (my business) So you can kill that talking (kill that talking) If you ain't got no motherfucking confrontation Then keep on walking (Watch out there now) Cause I'm about to show you what you paid for when you came here Put your hands up, let's get this motherfucker started [Mystikal] I came here to take my dick out, LOOK OUT If you ain't 'bout that sucking, fucking, smoking or drinking The hooker GET OUT I ain't come here for no foolishness I'm cute as Lil Bow Wow but throw bows like Ludacris Let me through here, let me bust something Let me do this shit The original booth, ain't no fucking duplicate Passportin' when a pen on the pad You gotta fuck me right now bitch, I'm the man Dropping 12th Ward B's on 'em Bitch I'm loaded so don't ask me about no motherfucking weed aroma Yeah I'm Grammy nominated When the 'Lou says James Brown ain't been this animated Bitch I thought I TOLD YOU I'm the rappin' Ray Lewis, nigga I'll fold you That's how these niggas get they shit knocked down From fucking with Mystikal and the chick Fox Brown [Mystikal] If it ain't about my paper (paper) The bitch don't call me (Bitch don't call me) Cause I'm about my motherfucking business (my business) So you can kill that talking (kill that talking) If you ain't got no motherfucking confrontation Then keep on walking (Watch out there now) Cause I'm about to show you what you paid for when you came here Put your hands up, let's get this motherfucker started [Mystikal] Foxy thing, watch yourself Show me what you're working with Foxy thing [Foxy Brown] Without that cash, what the fuck Im gaining Stop your complaining When rappers fade, Fox is remaining If you shoot just watch where youre aiming This is real, its not entertainment The same way I ball I could quickly fall But nah, Im still here, till I retire With them chrome things filling my tires To my niggas in the slammer, with yall stiff hammer Aint nothing change, titties still bananas Still slim, still the prettiest rap broad No bra, nipples still hard Yeah La Pearla strings and Belvedere How the fuck that little bitch do that there? [Mystikal] If it ain't about my paper (paper) The bitch don't call me (Bitch don't call me) Cause I'm about my motherfucking business (my business) So you can kill that talking (kill that talking) If you ain't got no motherfucking confrontation Then keep on walking (Watch out there now) Cause I'm about to show you what you paid for when you came here Put your hands up, let's get this motherfucker started The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Greg Street f/ Mystikal, Jazze Pha, Qua Bo Gold Album: 6 O'Clock Vol. 1 Song: We Got This Here Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Hook x15] WE GOT THIS HERE [Qua Bo Gold] Every since I could remember, I was a lil' ol' boy I was ghetto natural baby, I never let em' steal my joy Even though I had lonely days, I know he heard my praise I didn't even know which way but yet I come all this way I'm from red Claymore, I'm from Blessing Brook I represent all them hood, I backwoods Might not of been sure baby but I'm ridin' pure baby I know if I have faith and guard maybe I can endure baby I don't worry about facin' haters, I breaks em' off my dear I put it on noon for life, I say we gots this here [Hook x15] [Jazze Pha] Guess what we hot this year and you are not this year Man you can't stop this here, first week in the number slot this year Got shit on lock this year, glock gon' go pop this year Candy toys gon' drop this year, niggas left in a maze lost this year A pimp current gon' pop this here, the Impala don't stop this year Ya girlfriend gon' cut this year, runnin' all up in them guts this year We got this here, here Y'all motherfuckers ain't ready, cut em' with the machete Comin' down here nigga, drop top Chevy Y'all ain't ready to mob with real heavy Jazze Pha, the one ya love to hate All in ya face with a slap this year Give a fuck nigga who ya with Nigga back on up, we got this here [Hook x15] [Mystikal] The man right chea' When I come up in this bitch ya can't stand right chea' It's gettin' ugly, these niggas gettin' itchy These bitches gettin' funky, it's gettin' real out chea' Sick and tired of these niggas with the dumb shit, fuck shit Y'all talk a whole lot of shit But when I catch ya in the street then ya face off top Like a man you a whole lot of bitch I got this here Keep ya hand out my pocket or get shot this year Let the glock cock, snap Watch a nigga get knocked back Look, been about this here I come in this bitch gully People that smilin' stand up and rushin' the alley And if ya prevaily I'm bustin' they ass and bitch ya know it's there [Hook x15] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe f/ Mystikal Album: Stutter 12" Song: Stutter (Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com 1 - [Joe]  My dear, my dear, my dear  You do not know me  But I know you very well   Now let me tell you that I caught you  My dear, my dear, my dear  You do not know me  But I know you very well   Now let me tell you that I caught you Talk to me, tell me, where you were Late, last night Ya-you told me, you were with your friends hanging out  Late, last night Ya-you're lying cuz you're studdering  Now where were you?  Late, last night Stop lying to me cause you're ticking me off See you're ticking me off, ooh  2 - [Joe]  I can tell you're lying   Cause when you're replying  You stutter, stutter, stu-stutter, stutter Repeat 2 (3x) [Mystikal]  Watch yourself  Watch yourself  Quit your lying heffer  Watch yourself heffer  [Joe] Listen I called you on your cell phone No answer, tell me why So I paged you on your two way Still no response, tell me why I took care of you, I love you And you played me, tell me why Stop lying to me about where you've been Cause you're ticking me off, tick-tick-ticking me off Repeat 2 (4x) Repeat 1 [Mystikal]  Quit your lying heffer, watch yourself  Yeah, I'll give the whips but leaving you out here by yourself  I'm keepin' it gangsta with all the tattoos and platinum mouth  I was the rapper you heard about strappin' up in the waffle house Right next to niggas when I be sparkin' 'em out And I'm way too cold to plain let you come and dog me out Should've of knew what you was up to when you got here Get off my couch, get  And I just can't change it  It's gonna be good Get out on ya route  My bad, you're out  I seen it coming with that nappy hair  She was running docked out wanting what you had You let him set you up and you fell for it  Now it's "I-I-I'm sorry, my a--!" That's why you're paying for it  You got the garbage, I got the trash can for it The man ain't gon stand for it  You better respect my flow  Don't be stuttering when you're talking to Mystikal  Or lying when you be talking to Joe  [Joe] I smell cologne damn it's strong How did ya get it on? I'm not dumb He messed up your hair  Make-up's every where Ooh yeah I'm not dumb Girl I'm crying 'cause your lyin' To my face, I'm not dumb Stop lying to me about seeing a man Cause you're ticking me off Repeat 2 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gerald Levert f/ Mystikal Album: The G Spot Song: Too Much Room Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Mystikal] Ow, good God (I'm down at the club, y'all, yeah) Boogie down baby (Move ya) Shake what ya mama made I see by how you movin' You could take it, take it, take it Hips don't lie, her booty be talkin' Grip your thighs We ain't gon' let no big fat woman come pump us We gon' get so bodacious and rambunctious Get down baby, don't let nothin' hold ya back Daddy movin' in, I'm 'bout to close the jam [Gerald] I'm on fire  When you're moving that thing at me Got me burnin' I need your body up close to me My emotions  Got me feelin' real freakily  Don't be nervous I'm gonna whoop ya like it's s'pose to be, baby 1 - 	Do you wanna party baby 	Shakin' what yo' mama gave ya 	Just wanna dance, I wanna dance 	Don't cha be ashamed to back that thing up 	It's too much room (It's scandalous) 	Too much, too much room babe, babe 2 - 	There's too much room up in here 	Put your hand a little closer babe  	So you can feel me shake it 	Yeah, yeah, come on babe 	Baby, but you can handle it, it's scandalous 	There's too much room up in here 	Put your hand a little closer babe 	So you can feel me shake it 	Yeah, yeah, come on babe 	Baby, but you can handle it, it's scandalous You give me a fever Cuz I'm runnin' like a rent-it sign Ain't no reason We can't do it to new styles Can't you feel me And you know that it's gettin' hard  To control it Baby girl, I'mma have to call the cops Come on, babe Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Repeat 2 Here we go, here we go now [Mystikal] Talk to me, Hello, what's that? A duet with Mystikal and Gerald? Hell yeah, yeah, you right fo' sure (Damn right) Get on the flo', Electra Records About as fire as a bottle with a jar of peppers Bad motha fuckin' baboon Cuz baby if I can't reach it There's too much damn room Repeat 1 Repeat 2 [Gerald] Uh oh Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah Sing it again Ooh, ooh, ooh, oooh, oh well, well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Back that thing up on the bed And move it, I can take a big bed shakin' My temperature's risin' and I feel your thighs bending Don't deny, I can take it It's too much room, all this room Tellin' me not to be all over you babe It's too much room, all this room Tellin' me not to do all the things I wanna do baby Yeah, get a little closer baby Don't cha be ashamed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Jon & the Eastside Boyz f/ Krayzie Bone, Mystikal Album: Kings of Crunk Song: I Don't Give A... Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com (Intro - Lil' Jon) OKAY....OKAY....OKAY....OKAY....OKAY....OKAY.....WHAAA, OKAY (Chorus - Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz) You ride up to the club nigga, I don't give a fuck Sick of yo' ass in the club bitch, I don't give a fuck Drinkin' Cris in the V.I., I don't give a fuck Talkin' shit 'bout me, bitch I don't give a fuck You gotta pocket full of money nigga, I don't give a fuck You drinkin' off with them ho's bitch, I don't give a fuck In the club wit yo' pussy click, I don't give a fuck Security on my dick bitch, I don't give a fuck (Verse 1 - Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz) Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas I got that Eastside wit me, I don't give a fuck Got that Westside wit me, I don't give a fuck Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas Drop dem bow's on dem muthafuckin' pussy ass niggas I got that North side wit me, I don't give a fuck I got that Southside wit me, I don't give a fuck We rollin' deep in this bitch so fuck y'all niggas We rollin' deep in this bitch so fuck y'all niggas I got that dirty south wit me, I don't give a fuck I got that midwest wit me, I don't give a fuck If security step up we'll crush dem niggas If security step up we'll crush dem niggas I got that east coast wit me, I don't give a fuck I got that west coast with me, I don't give a fuck (Chorus - Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz) You ride up to the club nigga, I don't give a fuck Sick of yo' ass in the club bitch, I don't give a fuck Drinkin' Cris in the V.I., I don't give a fuck Talkin' shit 'bout me, bitch I don't give a fuck You gotta pocket full of money nigga, I don't give a fuck You drinkin' off with them ho's bitch, I don't give a fuck In the club wit yo' pussy click, I don't give a fuck Security on my dick bitch, I don't give a fuck (Verse 2 - Mystikal) Man I do this in spite, my mom ain't married, bitch I'm a bastard Nigga I fuck over me, you know what I do to these rappers They come in here huffin' and puffin' And screamin' and cussin' and bustin' they verses Nigga you betta calm yo' ass down unless you excited to see me in person I'm rollin' with thugs and felons ughhh, that's cuz it's own killaz We gon' teach you ol' punk ass niggas to respect us authority figures Throw one of a kind boy when we be pourin' up in the club You're going down boy too bad fuck ya, sorry for ya Listen let's not to get shook, but I ain't the one to come lookin' Cuz all I can tell the police is, I am not a crook I fuck big fine bitches, my dick get hard, watch it grow Then gimme fine head, blow my shotgun, tastes good don't it Now tell me that ain't the life, tellin' me my niggas ain't for life Now tell me that shit ain't tight Tell me that y'all wanna be just like me I beat these bitches down, I watch these cowards up Nigga you talkin' shit (huh) hoe you tryna POWER UP (Chorus - Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boyz) You ride up to the club nigga, I don't give a fuck Sick of yo' ass in the club bitch, I don't give a fuck Drinkin' Cris in the V.I., I don't give a fuck Talkin' shit 'bout me, bitch I don't give a fuck You gotta pocket full of money nigga, I don't give a fuck You drinkin' off with them ho's bitch, I don't give a fuck In the club wit yo' pussy click, I don't give a fuck Security on my dick bitch, I don't give a fuck (Verse 3 - Krayzie Bone) Y'all niggas ain't ready for this, muthafuckas ain't steady for this Cuz y'all still ain't learn, nigga got a 4-4 cocked In a flick so hot make a muthafucka feel that burn Niggas say word, where da herb You stay up off my dick don't back talk my nigga finna' get up in 'em Back up off of this nigga The one nigga that fucked up they shut up the talkin Barkin' betta block 'em off the nigga talkin, sparkin Betta watch and dodge and never mind he caught it Where da thugs at up in this bitch, fuck a nigga up y'all represent Gimme some gin, gimme some hen Naw just gimme both and I'll mix it all in Who wanna take a lil' sip of this in, let me get ya twisted man Niggas on fire, don't stop droppin' dem that's a lie, we just won't die We come back flya than ever, higher than ever this time Wit venomous rhymes So any nigga wanna get involved, what you think you can fuck wit my dogs Nigga you thinkin' you rubbin' us while we're thuggin this Did you think you can fuck wit us, BONE, BONE-BONE-BONE-BONE You ready to do this the hell with the song We ain't gotta tell you it's on, you know this Poppin' the glock to put a stop to the ho shit Y'all still can't fuck wit us and never will because We too fuckin' cold, too fuckin bold Got too many souljas ready to roll wit da goddamn Bone (Chorus - Lil' Jon & The Eastside Boys) You ride up to the club nigga, I don't give a fuck Sick of yo' ass in the club bitch, I don't give a fuck Drinkin' Cris in the V.I., I don't give a fuck Talkin' shit 'bout me, bitch I don't give a fuck You gotta pocket fulla money nigga, I don't give a fuck You drinkin' off with them ho's bitch, I don't give a fuck In the club wit yo' pussy click, I don't give a fuck Security on my dick bitch, I don't give a fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ I-20, Mystikal Album: Word of Mouf Song: Move Bitch Typed by: ruffryda088@hotmail.com [*whistling*] Chorus 2x: Ludacris Move bitch, get out the way Get out the way bitch, get out the way Move bitch, get out the way Get out the way bitch, get out the way [Ludacris] OH NO! The FIGHT'S OUT I'ma bout to punch yo... LIGHTS OUT Get the FUCK back, guard ya grill There's somethin wrong, we can't stay still I've been drankin and bustin' too and I been thankin of bustin' you Upside ya motherfuckin forehead And if your friends jump in, "Ohhh gurrlll", they'll be mo' dead Causin confusion, Disturbin Tha Peace Since not into lution, we run in the streets-a So bye-bye to all you groupies and golddiggers Is there a bumper on your ass? NO NIGGA! I'm doin a hundred on the highway So if you do the speed limit, get the FUCK outta my way I'm D.U.I., hardly ever caught sober and you about to get ran the FUCK over [Mystikal over second chorus] BITCH! Watch out, watch out, watch out BITCH! Watch out, watch out, watch out, move Here I come, here I go UH OH! Don't jump bitch, move You see them headlights? You hear that fuckin crowd? Start that goddamn show, I'm comin through Hit the stage and knock the curtains down I fuck the crowd up - that's what I do Young and successful - a sex symbol The bitches want me to fuck em - true true Hold up, wait up, shorty "Oh aww wazzzupp? Get my dick sucked, what are yoouu doin?" Sidelinin my fuckin business Tryin to get my paper, child support suin Give me that truck and take that rental back Who bought these fuckin T.V.'s and jewelry bitch, tell me that? No, I ain't bitter, I don't give a fuck But I'ma tell you like this bitch You better not walk in front of my tour bus [I-20 over second chorus] Bring it, get 'em 2-0, I'm on the right track Beef, got the right mack Hit the trunk, grab the pump, punk I'll be right back We buyin bars out, showin scars out We heard there's hoes out, so we brought the cars out Grab the peels cause we robbin tonight Beat the SHIT outta of security for stoppin the fight I got a fifth of the Remy, fuck the Belve and Cris I'm sellin shit up in the club like I work in the bitch Fuck the dress codes, it's street clothes, we all street niggaz We on the dance floor, throwin bows, beatin up niggaz I'm from the Dec', tryna to disrespect D.T.P. And watch the bottles start flyin from the V.I.P. Fuck this rap shit, we clap bitch, two in ya body Grab ya four, start a fight dog, ruin the party So move bitch, get out the way HOE All you faggot motherfuckers make way for 2-0 So... [*whistling*] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Master P, Mystikal Album: The Recipe Song: Made Niggaz Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com [Master P] (Mack 10) Third ward, New Orleans. To Inglewood. To the motherfuckin world, nigga. Mack Dime. (What's up my nigga?) Mystikal, and Master P. (They know, P, they know, they know.) [Hook:] (Master P & Mack 10) X 6 Made niggaz from the South to the West! [Master P] Give me a chance to ball, put my name on the wall How many killas done called, No Limit niggaz stand tall Cuz we, mercenary soldiers, gone off a Hennesy and that doja Runnin from the, (Who?) motherfuckin rollers Slangin, (What?) tapes like cola Nigga, hangin with the big niggaz Penitentiary chances just to make six figures No we fuckin (What?) gold and platinum Nigga, we made niggaz and we rappin Nigga, Mack Dime, Mystikal and P Every rowdy bout it nigga won't you follow me? [Hook] X 4 [Mystikal] Watch me! I'm throwed off, I ain't right! Bitch I'll do you somethin, I ain't wrapped tight! I roll with bullets like (?) and killas like Versey Managed by TC and paid by big Percy Whole lotta niggaz with me You think I'm lying, but I'm not You know who we are, we ready for war You ready to die fuckin with the wide Tchoupitoulas Say your prayers, them niggaz shottin, Hallelujah! Gotta stop these niggaz from runnin they dick lickers We self made big niggaz, killin these bitch niggaz We paper chasin, goin platinum, in the gangstafied fashion Made niggaz from the south to the west done hooked up with Mack 10 Gotta get real with this shit that's the only way shit gon happen We made now, we was gangstas back then! [Hook] X 4 [Mack 10] From Inglewood to the NO, Mystikal, Mack and P No Limit soldiers, Hoo Bangin see we got the Recipe I stay ready nigga, with a vest strapped and all Hit the rizzo and ball from LA to the Mardi Gras No discrimination, hittin blacks to amigos Slangin compact discs like they kilos A real hustler, recognize another nigga with scrilla Game recognize game, and killas recognize killas Never aim to loose, always wanna be a winner Transactions in New Orleans over jambalaya dinner Cuz what you say you want, that's it, that's what you get, you  can't switch Cuz Silkk'll shock you nigga, and make Mia shoot your bitch We tatted up, bauggeted up, the jewels glare Make the haters stop and stay "How we do that there?" See Mack and Master P, been up to seven figures Hoo Bangin and No Limit, two sets of made niggaz [Hook] (till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Naughty By Nature f/ Master P, Mystikal, Phiness, Silkk Album: Nineteen Naughty Nine * Nature's Fury Song: Live or Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *sounds of an automatic being fired, then a single gunshot* [Master P] Unnnnnnnnnnnngh! He heh Master P and Treach, nigga It's all family baby Get them Naughty boys, I got the No Limit Soldiers And when we posse up, these niggaz gon' pay us Chorus: Phiness, (Mystikal) I thought I told you, have my mo-ney (Whatcha wan' do nigga?) You got until sunrise, or lose your life (Whatcha gon' do nigga?) We comin with them thangs, and we ready to ride (Where they at? Let's GET EM!) Are you ready to die (live or die, live or die, live or die) (Where they at? Let's GET EM!) [Vinnie] With a little bit of taste of the bass to the face in the place for anybody not payin-on-time Rather be up in a six foot cell before I let another nigga get flagrant-with-mine And we be takin all cash, no checks, so go cancel this I know niggaz are so scandalous The ones I bust I'ma show em nuff ? on how many people  thinkin that they can stand with this, sheeyit I thought somebody told you, BOY Them Naughty niggaz ain't no toys You're fuckin with sixteen styles over sixteen bars Sixteen car man entourage And when we get things started, I'm the hardest artist Styles I flips retarded Family who can handle this From Illtown to S.E. to Los Angeles Chorus [Treach] Hear the tale, of the n'Illtown O.G., better know me Shape the gold teeth, CD be, bring the clip shells and Olde E and gats, so no one gets close to me and down to scrap, raise em from that True tradition, RAISE EM UP, and gangsta bitches that'll blaze them butts, don't play for fuck Now we had a dealer knock off joints, Julie's jackin with the drop-off point (yo what the deal nigga) You backed out, I fuckin WITNESSED it And have partners have to split shit with (Nah, pay me now, bust it) At sundown see I went on work I sent a tec mount in a tennis skirt, pop the blood claat Watch a thug rock, slugs pop With every cop on the block, with double-eye on my mugshots He better pay me like he postin bail or send his hand with no nails to his mom in the mail Chorus [Mystikal] Don't look now, but I'M BACK!! Now give me all my props again I gotta kick your motherfuckin ass for steppin on my MOCASSINS!! We blended with Treach and Vinnie from Naughty By Nature It's Mystikal with Silkk the Shocker and 'nem No Limit Lieutenant is at it again!! Catch me in the studio, tappin in from it, actin bad with a pen!! No blackin, no ant-draggin, no babblin I'm grabbin the mic in the booth when they peak I'ma gon' get me started WRASSLIN!! Turnin and tusslin Clutchin and musclin I saw myself the demons when I'm BUSTIN THEM If you wanna live you wouldn't FUCK WITH THEM Don't FUCK WITH THEM [Silkk the Shocker] Ha hah, don't fuck with them, look Nigga, I keep a tight show, Luciano type dough Feature Al Capone's way out nigga, I got that type of flow Don't floss, if it ain't yours See we a bunch of feature artists, y'all a bunch of "and mores.." Get the picture like Van Gogh, plus they done banned our tours Catch me gettin my floss on walkin 'cross marble tan floors Can't even touch the flow, can't even touch no coat Bitch I'm made now, I can't even much touch no mo' Fuck the whole rap game up nigga just, one of my lines Say y'know a nigga like me, you're lyin bitch cause I'm like one of a kind From the Jerz to the five-oh we get down and dirty ya heard? I gotta eat, so I gotta go to street, cop two keys and a bird .. So y'all better have what you owe me! By sundown .. Or else I'ma get Mystikal, Naughty By Nature, my boys and 'nem .. We gonna get y'all! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nivea f/ Jagged Edge, Mystikal Album: Nivea Song: Don't Mess With My Man (Remix) Typed by: birdroadpimp13@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mystikal] WOOF! I know you're out there trying to sabotage Mike's rep I've been pimpin's and pimpin's and pimp pimpin' like Mike Epps Baby powder when I come out with it! Assistant pimp be backing me up (where my bitch, where my bitch at?) Dine Wine Pimpin' Ken Player Prodigy eleven years master degree in COOCHIEOLOGY! PIMP! too many don't leave female don't leave me Somebody could say a bitch was looking for me HERE I GO!! [Nivea] (Mystikal) It was hard to find a brother that was down for me (here I go!) So I'm telling everybody let him be Cause, He's mine and I can't take no pigeons trying to take My baby so I thought I had to let you know, find someone you can call your own cause, now you're walking in a danger zone (DANGER!!) And if I touch you I'll be wrong [Chorus- 1 Nivea] (Mystikal) Don't mess with My man (Sing Baby) I'ma be The one to break it to you Not My girls, not My man So find your own and leave Mine alone Don't mess with My man I'ma be The one to break it to you Here's a little advice for you, find your own man [Jagged Edge] (Mystikal) It was hard to find a girl that 's really down for Me (Uh Oh!) Seems like alot of niggaz trying Me (Uh Oh) Cause, they trying to take My baby Oh what the, hell no! So now you really better check yourself Messin' with My girl is bad for your health and So you know you will be dealt with Better find you're own, oowwnnnnn girrrl! [Chorus- 2 Jagged Edge] (Mystikal) Don't mess with My girl (Sing it!) I'ma be the one to break it to you Not My niggaz, not My girl So find your own and leave Mine alone Don't mess with My girl (Sing!) I'ma be The one to break it to you Here's a little advice for you, find your own girl oooohhhh [Bridge- 1 Nivea] Girl I'm warning you, Girl I'm warning you If you wan't My man, If you wan't My man I suggest you keep your hands to yourself [Bridge- 2 Jagged Edge] (Mystikal) Player I'm warning you (C'mon, C'mon, C'mon) If you want My girl (Alright, Alright, Alright) I suggest you keep your hands to yourself (C'mon, C'mon, C'mon) [Mystikal] Whenever you ready to scoop in the Coupe Whenever you ready to ride Jag with no roof Big truck 22's! And if you don't like the second apartment we could move Do whatever you wan't but don't fool with My boo! You can't find me cause I'm inside Lately I can't seem to stay outside of her! We Can't stop talking on the phone, I let her jump My bones Ooh she let Me see her model in a thong But all of a sudden, life 's been changing! You've been trying to dog Me, shine on Me, Walk over Me! All this time you was being Phoney? I was down for you down for dollar signs only How could you do a brother that? After all I do for you and yours this is how you pay me back? Don't worry about the news, that's what I got My boo for, Fuck I need you for? SING IT! [Chorus- 1 Nivea] (Mystikal) Don't mess with My man (Sing Baby) I'ma be The one to break it to you Not My girls, not My man So find your own and leave Mine alone Don't mess with My man I'ma be The one to break it to you Here's a little advice for you, find your own man [Chorus- 2 Jagged Edge] (Mystikal) Don't mess with My girl (Sing it!) I'ma be the one to break it to you Not My niggaz, not My girl So find your own and leave Mine alone Don't mess with My girl (Sing!) I'ma be The one to break it to you Here's a little advice for you, find your own girl oooohhhh [Chorus- 1 Nivea] (Mystikal) Don't mess with My man (Sing Baby) I'ma be The one to break it to you Not My girls, not My man So find your own and leave Mine alone Don't mess with My man I'ma be The one to break it to you Here's a little advice for you, find your own man [Chorus- 2 Jagged Edge] (Mystikal) Don't mess with My girl (Sing it!) I'ma be the one to break it to you Not My niggaz, not My girl So find your own and leave Mine alone Don't mess with My girl (Sing!) I'ma be The one to break it to you Here's a little advice for you, find your own girl oooohhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artists: RBL Posse f/ Big Lurch, Mystikal Album: An Eye For An Eye Song: How We Comin' (Southern Fried Mix) Typed by: Westside_Mobb@hotmail.com *(Ric Roc talking)* Huh, yeah this is that shit. That shit you all been waitin for. That  shit that slap yo mama like she the average stank hoe bitch. (I'm  comin!) Can't you smell them bodies gettin fried (I'm comin!) Oooooh, you ain't never lied (How we comin'!) Somebody said we comin hella high (How we comin!) Oooooh, you ain't never lied (juss sit back an peep nigga) (I'm comin) Verse 1 *(Black C)* Check these flows we deliver makin the hardest rapper shiver when a killa touch the mic, I'm givin him blows to the brain like Mike and despite them faulty ass niggaz who try to cross me smel of coffee, cuz it's burnin I'm gettin that money like Mike Vernon while ya learin, we teachin, you reapin what yo soul, see the whole load is gettin heavy now ya ready, to pull a lick I'm pullin a switch pullin yo black mask down I put my fuckin mash down so now you know that dog in me maybe that hog in me got me runnin around town wit no love an actin thuggishly but ruggidly I'm comin my nigga Ric Roc passed the glock, now we dumpin we dumpin Verse 2 *(Big Lurch)* Comin, pumpin brain waves wit no assumptions I'm ready to ruin somethin if you want it, come get it I'm bumpin wigs, get split quick, fuckin wit this, you don't understand this ain't yo average man matter fact I'm a buck, buck, buckin an leavin you shell struck an I'm dumpin yo ass wit precussions no disscussions, juss bustin 9 millimeters disperstin and the worse you been cursed, in a hearse and watchin all you extersions lay down to your knees and your worryin evaporatin for purgerin, an disturbin 'em hit the nerve and then we sweet swervin back to the hood to get a lil bit mo pervin. Verse 3 *(Mystikal & Big Lurch)* I'm one of the fresh mutha fuckas tattooed for the murderin and didn't nobody have to go and bury him. I'm walkin down the street wit a glock  an my loons ain't to be played in this game nigga I'm hurtin 'em. *(Chorus)* *(Ric Roc talking during chorus)* Oooh. Most deceiving to the soul. Negros will come from near and far,  juss to find out who we are. We are... RBL. Big Lurch, Hitman, Mystikal,  this is how we comin. Verse 4 *(Hitman)* Now who these niggaz who's always frontin like talkin behind our back scared to confront the strap, we can let it all react or we can take 10 paces back, and watch your brains collapse or we can handle this like gentlemen and juss scrap try and cross me like longitude, latitude I show no gratitude to another nigga wit an attitude I gets to taggin fools hittin roofs like, Rictor Rooter you get dumped calls, I make house calls like Roto-Rooter hoes be ridin my dick like a scooter maybe cuz we swerve fuck around wit these hoes on the curb while I get the bullets reserved the nerve somebody's always tryin to tell me what my title bout get served, it don't take like rocket scientist to figure this out when I emerge, I'm on like National Geographics when I have this my clicks got graphics like Sega Saturn which is only like 32-bits blow you to bits these pieces is bad for your health so put a quarter in yo ass, cuz you played your self. Verse 5 *(Mystikal)* Nasty vomit, mildew, rottin I'm the violentest I make the most advanced hightech state of the art rapper sound childish no matter how hard you try, you can't come no where round us even if you scream at the top of your lungs (AHHH!)  I'm a still be the loudest HAAAAAAAAA! Wildest hand full of niggaz ain't gonna get hurt rest of y'all niggaz gettin dimolished red peppers and hot tamales it's the nigga that's gonna be tighter than grip plyers  cussin like Richard Pryor I came down here, fixin to bust yo head don't try an sleep on me nigga, you gonna have nightmares bout what I  said mouths get busted ooh you know you gonna get rushed nigga put it together, wiped out and brushed up comin from the bottom of sound elevation to the occassion this ain't no fuckin past time BITCH THIS AN OCCUPATION! So fool what you talkin bout, where my money? Or wit my fist down yo mutha fuckin throat.... HOW I BE COMIN!! *(Chorus)* *(Ric Roc talking during chorus)* An I swam, all the way from the shark infested waters of New Orleans, to  the Golden Gate Bridge, an I've never seen playas like this. Spittin  game all the way from Dallas, Texas, all the way to Alabama. Hate, money  and Ric Roc. We have Big Lurch, RBL, and that nigga Mystikal. BATCH! Ha. I'm comin!  How we comin! x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R.B.L. Posse f/ Big Lurch, Mystikal Album: An Eye for an Eye Song: How We Comin' (West Side Mix) Typed by: Pittsburg925@comcast.net [Mystikal] Can't you smell them bodies gettin fried [I'm comin'!] Oooooh, you ain't never lied [How we comin'!] Somebody said we comin' hella high [How we comin'!] Oooooh, you ain't never lied [I'm comin'!] [Black C] Check the flows we deliver Makin' the hardest rapper shiver When a killa touch the mic I'm givin him blows to the brain like Mike And despite them old faulty fake playas who try to cross me Smell of coffee, cuz it's burnin I'm gettin that money like Mike Vernon While ya learin', we teachin', ya reapin' what yo sew See the whole load is gettin' heavy Now ya ready to pull a lick I'm pullin' a switch Pullin' yo black mask down I puttin' my ghetto mash down so now You know that dog in me Maybe that hog in me Got me runnin around town wit no love an actin' thuggishly But ruggidly I'm comin' My homie Ric Roc made the drop, now I'm dumpin' I'm dumpin' [Big Lurch] Steady comin', I'm pumpin' Brain waves wit no assumptions I'm ready to ruin' somethin' If you want it, come get it I'm bumpin' ya wig Get split quick, bust a quick lick, you don't understand I'm not yo average man Matter fact I buck like [?] Instead of leavin' you shell struck And I'm dumpin' you wit no reprecussions No disscussions, just bustin' for 9 millimeters disperssin' And the worse you been cursed with a hearse Watchin' all your extersions Lay down to your knees and your worryin' They got evaporatin' for purgerin' an disturbin' 'em Hit my nerve and then We skeet swervin' back to the hood to get a lil bit mo pervin' [Mystikal] I'm one of the fresh mutha fuckas tattooed for the murderin' And ain't nobody have to go and bury him [Big Lurch] I'm walkin' down the street wit a strap up Got my loons I'm not to be played in this game Brotha I'm hurtin 'em I'm hurtin' 'em [Hitman] Now who them cowards who's always frontin' Like talk behind our back Scared to confront the strap, we can let it all react Or we can take 10 spaces back and watch your brains collapse Or we can handle this like gentlemen and just scrap Try to cross me like longitude-latitude I show no gratitude to another busta wit a attitude I gets to taggin' fools Hit roofs like Rictor Rooter You get dumped calls Cuz I make house calls like Roto-Rooter Thay be ridin' jack like a scooter Maybe cuz we swerve Mess around wit these broads on the curb While I get the bullets reserved The nerve Somebody's always tryin to tell me what my title bout Get served It don't take like rocket scientist to figure this out When I emerge I'm on like National Geographics when I have this My clicks got graphics like Sega Saturn which is only like 32-bits Blow you to bits These pieces is bad for your health So put a quarter in yo ass, cuz you played your self [Mystikal] Nasty vomit, mildew, rotten I'm the violentest I make the most advanced hightech state of the art rapper sound childish No matter how hard you try You can't come no where round us Even if you scream at the top of your lungs [AHHH!] I'm a still be the loudest HAAAAAAAAA! Wildest Hand full of niggaz ain't gonna get hurt Rest of y'all niggaz gettin dimolished Red peppers and hot tamales It's the nigga that's gonna be tighter than grip plyers Cussin like Richard Pryor I came down here fixin' to bust yo head Don't try an sleep on me nigga You gonna have nightmares bout what I said Mouths get busted Ooh you know you gonna get rushed Nigga put it together, wiped out and brushed up Comin' from the bottom of sound elevation to the occassion This ain't no fuckin' past time BITCH THIS AN OCCUPATION! So fool what you talkin' bout, where my money? Or wit my fist down yo mutha fuckin' throat.... HOW I BE COMIN'! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tim Smooth f/ Mystikal Album: Da Franchise Playa Song: Handle Yo Business Typed by: Detreceiver2g@aol.com Chorus (Mystikal): Handle Yo Business! Handle Yo Business!! Handle Yo Business!!! Don't let yo business handle you!!!!! (2x) First Verse (Tim Smooth+Mystikal): (Tim Smooth) I heard you really don't like me....WHHHHUT? Boy you coulda smoked a nigga for fifty bucks (Mystikal) I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!!!!!!!! (Tim Smooth) I live my life to the fullest And shop ain't close after them hoes so you and your lil' bullets know All the shew-shewin' that you doin' Got the, red beams cookin' and some hater shit brewin' nah I ain't no heartless-ass, thoughtless-ass nigga But I'd bat the piss out'cha and out'cha Ma if I caught that ass with her Nigga, sick of the "I say, you say" Uck-fay Ooh-yay {Fuck you in piglatin} Handle this here, to-day I ain't scared, trust me, touch me, and you best stretch me Like licorice Cuz I'll come back like syphollis Gettin' this Words that you got Off your mind, you won't be the bomb cuz you not You'z a bro, and the dog is just OH SO VICIOUS You warnin' me????? (Mystikal) HERE I GO!!!!!!! (Tim Smooth) Handle Yo Business Chorus (2x) (Tim Smooth) I'm tryin' to figure what the fuck? When the fuck? Why the fuck? Who the fuck, made ya wanna fuck with me? Shiiiiiiiit, all over a hoe Nigga wants to put me in the mud Full of slugs and bugs But uh It ain't goin' down like that TRUST ME It gone be ugly for any nigga tryin' to pluck me Must be stupid as Mister Furley Tryin' to treat that pussy like silk, gone get a nigga killed EARLY Cuz surely you don't THINK that I'm gone BLINK While you thinkin' you gone GANK But you gone STANK By the time they find your lil' behind And I'll be in the Bahamas gettin' the whole nine from your baby Mama Save the drama, PLEASE Quit sweatin' a nigga like a bitch And let a nigga dick BREATHE It's a constant case, bein' mad at the wrong face When the real problem is slobbin', at'cha place And she, hoggin' the A/C Shiiiit, and ate free? Soon as you go to work, to get burnt, she page me THAT MEANS, she's a hoe And if you don't knooooooooooooooooow Now you know! Handle YO Business!!!!!!!! Chorus (Tim Smooth) Bitch, whenever you draw the line, or lay your rules down Tim Smooth'll come around  With the type of shit to turn your whole pool ground Now, I don't give a damn, not even two fucks About which clique won't buck or which bitch won't suck I'm bout, gettin' as high as a bird's nest Bitch, gas glass or sex? Ass comes next And I don't take checks I take, charge accounts Large amounts of cabbage got me livin' lavish, now it's hard to count How many niggas playa hate me, on the D.L.? Fake as Lee nails Gossipin' like, FE-MALES Details at six thirty Can't let that disturb me 'Fore I fill 'em with more holes than a practice jersey For actin' nervy you get shook Subject to ass whippin's and sentenced, to the dick look Quick hooks, gone get these bitches out my face, with the QUICKNESS You bitch you! Now handle yo business Chorus (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Daddy f/ Mystikal Album: Book of Thugs - Chapter AK, Verse 47 Song: Tryin' to Stop Smokin' Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com (Trick Daddy inhaling) Mystikal the joint on you nigga, hit this shit here Mystikal: I heard about you Trick brah, I know what ya'll smoke down yo' way That bitch there smell dirty dirty, that bitch filthy Trick: It ain't gone kill you nigga Mystikal: Say dog I smoke that, I smoke chronic, you need to stop Chorus: I tryin' to stop smokin', smokin', smokin' I tryin' to stop smokin', but naw I don't think so I tryin' to stop smokin' (I'm tryin'),  smokin' (I'm tryin'), smokin' (I'm tryin') I tryin' to stop smokin', but naw I don't think so Verse 1: (Trick Daddy) This time I had to get physical, so I went and got that nigga (MYSTIKAL) He was like (hombre), I say I got pounds in this bitch to blow Smoke like it's yo's, nigga we'll go get some mo' I know this dread named Fred next do' and I'm hitting' his ho Got damn it, I'm BLOWED Behind the wheel and I can't even see the road Done smoked fo' Joe's and got three mo' already rolled I shouldn't drive my shit when I'm high, I might tear it up Shit got my eyes all red up, nigga can't even hold they head up Got my brain waves, elevating in a daze But I ain't afraid cause I now see life from so many ways Done smoked up so many j's Been high for so many days So many ??? broke down and we roll with brown weed for days, hay, hay Chorus (repeat 4x) I'm tryin' to stop smokin' (I'm tryin'),  smokin' (I'm tryin'), smokin' (I'm tryin') I'm tryin' to stop smokin', but naw I don't think so (Train effects) Verse 2: Mystikal I be puffing like a choo-choo train Nigga with the bonafied smokers on my team I got the urge for light green, the same way a fiend crave for ice cream Smoke that, what track that, shit we ain't rollin' to be looking at So much smoke becoming out the window bitches in the next car saying daddy what that We be smoking on the green, give me fifty dollar ??? I be coming in the hood But you ain't got to worry 'bout catching no motherfucking headache under stress I be smoking on the good shit No matter where I'm at, in a ride or at home in the studio writing Hold ya breathe if you can't take it, Cause if ya with me and I got motherfucker I'm lightin' Not trying to say I'm no hype, but after killing 'gars then I know I be tight And I been smoking all motherfucking day And I'm bout to smoking for the rest of the night That's why my chest be hurting and I sleep so much and I can't remember shit I went to the emergency room already, I think I better quit Chorus (repeat 4x) Mystikal & Trick Daddy: (talking) Chorus comes back in till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Mystikal, Shawty Fatt Album: Radioactive Song: Get Away Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (w/ help from liner notes) [Yelawolf] Yeah.. Hell of a day to load a .22 and take it to the woods and let it ring into the night and break a bottle with a bullet Yes, I'm +'Bout It+ mutherfucker! Not a single solitary thing is missing from my southern roots I'm liable just to take a Chevrolet and run it through the mud for giggles Heh, what a son of a bitch my mama raised into a rapper who could tell a story like my uncle when he's drinkin Product of a working env-iron-ment, fuck is y'all thinkin? Meaning I'm workin, workin harder than any artist could ever do  It's simply 'cause I'm made that way I'll build a house around yo' ass before you could realize that you in a neighborhood that Yelawolf made So call me a redneck and tell your boys about it Tell 'em I'm an Alabama wannabe, I'll +BE+ that! I'll just take it to the studio and drop a BOMB on you from a muthafuckin beanbag, I need that... ...get away, tell my folks roll up the Js Bring Yelawolf a deuce, we'll sit up on the roof of the broken Chevrolet Talk 'til there's nothing left to say, 'cause if I dont get away  You gon' see my trailer park ghetto ways Then you gon' have to get away from me Drink some, smoke some - You gone have to get away from me  Load up the guns, load up the guns - Then youll have to get away from me Drink some, smoke some - 'cause if I dont get away  You gon' see my trailer park ghetto ways Then you gone have to get away from me [Shawty Fatt] (Yeeeaaahh~!) Maaaan, I done been through it all I done been up and know what it is to fall Punk police feelin all on my balls without a probable cause, 'cause a nigga sittin tall "Dawg, you gotta do something Fatt On the road with Wolf, why did you come back?" 'Cause them up there, dont wanna play fair Got me pinned to the wall, like a fuckin thumb tack  "Dumb Fat!", dumb hell  Criticize a nigga for the crack I sell Like you could give a SHIT if a nigga eat well or eat at all, wanna see me fall Let 'em see that? Naw dawg, them lies Long as I got Catfish on my side Bitch I'm headed up, up, up to the sky Roll up, let's get high, wave at em' bye  I need that... [Mystikal] Twenty plus twenty still spittin 'em out Still piss on yo' porch and still shit in your house Then put my dick in yo' mouth, take it back out, put it back in Fuck on the flo', skeet on the COUCH~! Which one of you ugly motherfuckers think you thug enough  or rug enough or gutter enough or fast enough to keep up? HUH! The most retarded motherfucker in the whole wide world Ain't stupid or dumb enough to fuck with me ...If you in say you in  and if you is, handle your motherfuckin business Knuckle up, buckle up, hustle up, huddle up.. what we gon' do? (WIN!) Not a nan' nother nigga outta there can compare.. to what I do to these boys on these bars and these scales In these clubs in these bars, on these tables and chairs 'cause I need that... 