The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Lapdance Typed by: el8o5kid@yahoo.com [Pharrell] Dirty Dog I'm, I'm a dirty dog I'm a dirty dog  I'm, I'm a dirty dog Dirty Dog  I'm a dirty dog Dirty Dog [Verse 1] (Pharrell) I'm an outlaw (I'm an outlaw) Quick on the draw (Quick on the draw) Somethin you've never seen before (Never Seen) And I dare a motherfucker to come in my face I got somethin chrome (I got somethin chrome) And I got it from home (I got it from home) And it ain't a microphone (It ain't a mic) And I dare a motherfucker to come in my face It's so real! How I feel! Cause this society, that makes a nigga wanna kill! I'm just straight ill! Ridin my motorcycle down the streets While politicians - is soundin like strippers to me They sayin, but I don't wanna hear it... [Chorus] (Vita) Oooh baby you want me? Oooh baby you want me? Oooh baby you want me? Well you can get this lap dance here for free Well you can get this lap dance here for free Well you can get this lap dance here for free Oooh baby you want me? Well you can get this lap dance here for free [Verse 2] (Pharrell) It's a raw night (It's a raw night) Who wants to bar fight? (Who wants to bar fight?) Well come on alright (Y'all come on) And I dare a motherfucker to come in my face Baseball bats (Baseball bats) I got somethin for that (I got somethin for that) It goes bla ka ka kat (You know what that is) So I dare a motherfucker to come in my face It's so real! How I feel! Cause this society, that makes a nigga wanna kill! I'm just straight ill! Ridin my motorcycle down the streets While the government - is soundin like strippers to me They keep sayin, but I don't wanna hear it... [Verse 3] (Lee Harvey) When you think of Harvey, think of a Harley Blue denim, spiked wrists and gone be Slap-screws and tattoos that's all me Two blondes, both arms feelin like Fonzie You can find me drunk, whippin it might crash Or find me chillin with crackers who like thrash Find me in court, smokin that nice grass Burnin the flag, all in the name of white trash It's Harvey baby, Christ on the arm I'm gnarly baby Fuck with me? Not hardly baby And you know the flow ungodly baby So lets party baby.. Chicks nickname me powder, they get high off my dick I take 'em to my home, they call it the cock-pit Time for take off, they panties they drop quick Now that's first class fuckin, ain't that some fly shit? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Things Are Getting Better Typed by: swannis@hotmail.com [Pharrell] Check it out bitch See sometimes You gotta realize Where you are in your life And order to feel good and I feel good baby Listen to me [Pharrell] Walk in the club wit a bunch of thugs Modify ya brains so they call me drugs See a hundred girls, get a thousand hugs One's in my ear talkin' bout her tub She likes me She say she needs me Say she wants me Cause I'm the shit Said she likes me She said she needs me She wantes to see me Cause I'm the shit (Chorus) Now it seems that things are really getting better In my life Is it just today or things are really getting better We'll see tonight We'll see tonight [Shay] Hey little girl wit the tattoo thigh Baby you look like a slice of pie Hope my style don't cause you fear Matter of fact baby, where you goin' from here? Kiss on me baby Lick on me baby But you can't own me baby Cause I'm the shit Kiss on me baby Lick on me baby But you can't own me baby Cause I'm the shit (Chorus) 2x [Pharrell] Check it out now Don't look at me like "What is up?" Said I was a nerd but I ain't a punk If you talk shit be prepared to thump Plus Terrar's 4/4 is prepared to dump Watch out boy Get back then Watch how you're actin' Cause I'm the shit I'm tellin' you watch out now Tell ya boys to get back then Watch how ya'll actin' Cause we the shit (Chorus) 4x [Pharrell] How do you feel? I feel good (3x) Girl, girl, girl (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Brain  Typed by: JClue10@aol.com [Verse One] What do you think baby I know I want you And you know you want me But can you promise please  You'll say yes to me I love how you think You think oh so deep And share your thoughts with me I buzz then fall asleep Do your really even love me If you do there is no pain Do I really even love you Or do I really love your brain I just love your brains [Verse Two] Girl unlatch your bra But first unlatch your jaw It's cool to call me dog But your head is under my paw  Soon as your lips part Then your tongue it starts  My pulse just races hard Enough to pop my heart I'm so high [Chorus] - repeat (3X) Hands up, if you feel like that  (3X) Yeah Huh what (2X) Head The things you think on me The games you play on me And stay the day on me  The words you say on me When we party hop Bathroom countertop Or in your old man's truck Grocery parking lot [Chorus] - repeat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Provider Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Woke up I had the same clothes on I had on last night Damn I must have passed out And cash is just like the clothes I worn yesterday We are broke Damn I gotta get my ass out I went to see what my friend was talking about Drugs He told me cocaine would get you clout My momma said he's trouble and schools my route But I went to high school and got kicked out So I'm driving this truck down the 95 I pray to God I make it home alive I don't get pulled over by the man I just want to make it home to hold your hand Chorus Goodbye beloved one Do you know what I am If you don't see my face no more I'm a provider girl, gotta face the streets tonight Goodbye beloved one Do you know what I am You don't see my face no more I'm a rider, girl gotta face the streets tonight You say you don't want me to go but I have to Please don't weep I love you I refuse to be a bum Especially coming where I'm from I'm a provider girl And I love you So it's just like I said before Heading down 95 Dodging Johnny law I don't need a ticket though I never got one If he pulls me over He can feel my shotgun I think about life pull down my hat It's just like this road I don't know where I'm at I don't want to be another cocaine story Will I find my sanity Where I find my glory Come on Repeat Chorus Someday, Someday, this will be over We'll raise a family I'll get a job and I'll be a voter And if I die It will change you Change you I watch over a family But only as an angel So don't tell me you don't know what you see When you're looking at a motherfucker just like me I'm a provider girl I said don't tell me you don't know what you see When you're looking at a motherfucker just like me I'm a rider girl Repeat Chorus I love you girl I'm doing this for us I don't know any better What am I supposed to do Nothing I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Truth or Dare Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm on the dance floor burnin' up Music turn it up Baby I'm Real hot so is it my turn to touch you Look like you're buzzin on Ex with 3D effects Baby you Look like you have no clue of what comes next Me and my dogs will be there Tell your girls prepare to share We'll play the dancing truth or dare If someone's standing there, stare say Hey baby what's your name Don't stand looking insane Do you want to ride the train, welcome to the fast lane If you're in love beware 'Cause these people they don't care All hands in the air This is what we call truth or dare Kelis: I am the one with the brightest hair, leather I don't care Baby I Don't ever want to take the shirt off That's my dare You got a girl but you touching on me like you don't care, baby you Do you But just don't get caught out there Me and my girls will be there Tell your boys prepare to share We'll play the dancing truth or dare If someone's standing there, stare say Hey baby what's your name Don't stand looking insane Do you want to ride the train, welcome to the fast lane If you're in love beware 'Cause these people they don't care All hands in the air This is what we call truth or dare 4x Come on Come on Baby shake it up Rap verse: Man, I got ten surrounding me Hounding me Center of attention A riot it's bound to be Though I'm in the middle My jewels you're bound to see In a pool of women All of them drowning me I'm ho hoppin', flip floppin', ho hoppin' Now her head in my lap boppin' I ain't one to care I ain't used to fair Baby you can keep the truth, chose the dare 2X Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Me and my dogs will be there tell your girls prepare to share Me and my girls will be there tell your boys prepare to share We'll play the dancing truth or dare If someone's standing there, stare say Hey baby what's your name Don't stand looking insane Do you want to ride the train, welcome to the fast lane If you're in love beware 'Cause these people they don't care All hands in the air This is what we call truth or dare 4x Come on Come on Baby shake it up 4x Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Tape You Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Babe For what I'm about to ask Don't be ashamed I just love you girl Babe As time will surely pass Love shows it flame In my fuck you world Relax girl Sip some of my slurpee You don't have to lie to me It's fly to me And this way You can have your privacy And at the same time I can see Chorus 2x Look I just want to tape you All night Yeah Babe, please don't let this make you think my love has swayed No way ok Baby girl This is not her idea It's mine single handedly It's just my fantasy There's only one and when you're done It's ours just for fun And then please give me some Listen we'll call her gold and you'll be platinum I just want to see you come ...out Repeat Chorus 4X 2x Nah baby don't worry about Your makeup I promise I won't be jealous and break up Not to patronize and sound fake but If this is a dream I don't want to wake up Turn on the purple light Begin flashin' By removing' your fashion And start tongue lashin' Now girl kiss her boobs And you kiss her boobs too An let your finger dash in Lights, camera, action Repeat Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Run to the Sun Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Thinking about the time we share And how I wasn't there It hurt me These people overwork me Then I heard maybe soon you'll leave Excuse me lord if you have tricks up your sleeve I'm not ready to be bereaved I know I'm always asking for something Or another But this time, it's just time ‘Cause I love her But baby if he don't change his mind Or fate or time Yo I want to leave you with this line Chorus It goes while you're here I wanna tell you something It's that I love you girl Yeah, and I wish we could run to the sun And never come back Yeah Yesterday I tied two rocks together That symbolize our lives And threw them in the ocean Now they're on the ocean floor coastin' ‘Til they stop rollin' so far That no sonar would list them To the point that no one would even believe that we existed I know that may sound twisted But my neglect is killin' me I feel so guilty Please have faith in if you feel me Repeat Chorus 2X Though you're probably feelin' blue And you'll do what you must do I hope you know I'd hand the skies to you I'm so embarrassed for mankind They have the nerve to let their weapon shine They're so stupid Do they not know you're about to fly high Away With the wings that God will give you someday I'm not jealous I just can't take it S.O.S. to your ears, the only thing I ever feared was this day And having to say Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Baby DOll Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Girl you don't know what you are to me You are my baby doll You are my compass star You drive me up the wall Girl you don't know what you mean to me You are my everything You are my alien From S-p-a-c-e Chorus 3x Please don't go Wait I just met you Girl I feel just like a bird Though I am just a nerd I could fly around this world With power from this word We'll bring the desert rain clouds Fuck reality and doubt Well they'll be vultures I see They'll chase me Girl I'm flying with thee Roses are red Yellow and white Where have you been all my life Violets are blue And I'll be too If you leave ‘Cause I just met you Repeat Chorus You're my pop rocks You're my cotton candy When the beach is hot and sandy You're my water You're my morning shower Subconscious melody You're my LSD Someone's perfect daughter 3x Roses are red Yellow and white Where have you been all my life Violets are blue And I'll be too If you leave ‘Cause I just met you 4x I'm Sorry But I got to Got to go I gotta go I just met you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Am I High Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM La la la la Listen La la la Hey Didn't you know I can help or hurt you So there's no reason to lie I bet you let those other niggas jerk you Convince you that they are fly I never said I was an angel Said but I ain't like those other guys Listen You're convinced that our experience rearranged you Well maybe you should reexamine How you tried Chorus 3x Am I High I think I've loved you since our high school You only wanted friends of mine So when they replied Her she's cool Only then you gave our friendship time You won't say it but you think I'm changin' Is it because the whole world calls me drugs Didn't I say I can help or hurt you You should be paranoid without me and with me feel a buzz Is that cocky or what Repeat Chorus Rap verse: It's the kinda high that got me leanin' 120 speedin' in the rain Meaning of a hydroplane Play both sides of the field See I know pain Keep 'em high like Kurt Cobain Listen I'm known for speaking my mind Known for fleeing from the scene of a crime Eyes redder than the beam of my nine Eyes redder than the scene of that crime All for the love of the lime I'm so high Insinuating you're not that way I see how you look and use your eyes But when I ask you can I jump in Then you start again with the lines But if I dare you you'd blow a kiss to another Though my friends have no idea who you could be Don't worry I would never tell another But I ate your pussy as you layed there beside her yes she was asleep Repeat Chorus Why am I sitting here Peering the sky Is there something inside of me or am I high From when we talk on the phone 'til when we fuck This sounds like deep lust to me But I get high on your love Repeat chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Rock Star Poser Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM [2X] Fuckin' posers It's almost over now It's almost over now Yeah [Verse] You think the way you live is okay You think posing will save your day You think we don't see that you're running Better call your boys cause I'm coming You can't be me, I'm a Rock Star I'm rhyming on the top of a cop car I'm a rebel and my .44 pops far IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW Guess, you ain't heard that we swallow guys It's too damn late ,to apologize When you see the mantle or when you see the skies IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW IT'S ALMOST OVER NOW [Verse] You think that you don't have to ever quit You think that you can get away with it You think the light won't be ever lit It's almost over now, almost over now Something's on your chest better get it off There'll be no one left when we set it off We ain't gonna take it no more Since it's almost over now, almost over now You have to plenty of time, there was no rush But it was your dream to be like us You're in dreamland so you don't care And as you wake I'm standing there [Verse] You don't succeed cause you hesitate You think we're fly, but we levitate Just be yourself, don't ask us why Cause if you don't, we'll make you cry The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of...  Song: Bobby James Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Hi I'm 17 and my name is Bobby James Everyday in school all my classmates call me names And so this pusher introduced me to this thing He said it makes you forget pain but makes you sing I got pushed at home at school I was a wuss Now my life is a domino that pushers push Cause I tried it once but I tried it again Ran away two weeks later I seen my friend And I said [Chorus - 2X] Hey there mister give me some cash I'm high as hell and I'm ready to blast I'm just one hit away from being passed out Young and assed out Man this would be cute if this were just a dream A lesson for you to learn except you'd learn through me You know like in the movies when it ends with a scream Well fuck face I got news this is real and I did things Traveling from Virginia to Cali broke Hitchhike and rides me in my calico Shoplift for food when it was desire I miss my family Miss my friends I'm so high and so tired [2x] Hey there Would you help me please Could you spare some change for the world For the world to see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: In Search Of... Song: Stay Together Typed by: DNTH8ONMI@HOTMAIL.COM Hey we need to stay together girl Think about it There was something about me and you girl Look here When God created human beings I bet he didn't think of bombs and things I bet he wonders why Just like I never imagined it would be anything between you and me I know 'cause I cry I cry Chorus You were my sunrays Without you girl there was no days Never dreamt to speak the phrase But what the fuck just happened You were the heart I owned The beat just like a metronome Can't breathe my heart is gone Now what the fuck just happened What just happened girl I was always the one behind You would run up and keep me in line I looked up to you damn this hurts All these years of discipline Just to end up here at the end Can you tell me what I've learned What I've learned We need to stay together girl Hey We need to stay together girl Think about it Chorus 2x You were my friend My friend 'til the end You were my friend Now what the fuck just happened We need to stay together girl Hey We need to stay together girl Think about it Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Busta Rhymes Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Light Your Ass on Fire Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com Clones.. [Intro: Pharrell Williams] Whachu say your name was? Well um, lookin real sexy right now You and your girls, are lookin good Look why don't y'all take off y'all jackets What's your name baby? word? okay Tell your friend right there this, this my man Busta [Verse: Busta Rhymes] Hah, I know you starving for this shit Baby I'm feeling your hunger I'm so clean call a nigga Felix Ungar So what if I said it baby I'm still gon' tell ya I hope your ass bigger than Willona and Thelma Listen, it's Busta Rhymes bitch I ain't never fail ya Your ass all over like paraphernalia, hmm See the police gon jail ya For walking around wit the kind of ass that'll kill ya now Don't worry bout it I got money to bill ya Shorty stacking like a mule, type of shit that'll scare ya Headboard bang, bump the side of ya head Watch how ya ass spread spill all off the side of the bed now, hmm Now whachu do to the dread? baby your ass really changed What he initially said because a nigga dead But fuck em! cause now we vibing and talking and shit I love to hear your ass go (ga ga goon) when you walking and shit [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] Move girl like your ass on fire - like your ass on fire Move girl like your ass on fire - like your ass on fire Move girl I'll light your ass on fire - I'll light your ass on fire Move girl I'll light your ass on fire - Bitch I'll light that ass on fire Move girl I'll light your ass on fire [Verse: Busta Rhymes] Bust it, baby I know you probably really Need a table cloth to cover your ass Digging in your pocket while you rubbing yo ass Shit so big just put the club in yo ass Prep the H2 park it right infront of yo ass I see your little gap between your cunt and yo ass And make you jump inside the whip and smoke a blunt wit yo ass I'm saying hmm, the shit'll spread like a rash The way they ass wiggles see I got the shit on a smash now listen I light the L smell a wiff of the hash And bag all the bitches, now watch you see me zip in a flash I'm saying hmm, now I'm a put you on blast Just like a tint window when you put your shit on the glass Bust right through the window then it sit on the dash And have a nigga driving wreckless till you making him crash (Hah, c'mon) we making money and shit Now pop your muffin while we be watching you shaking your shit [Bridge] Welcome to hot in Hazyville It make you wanna dance till you break your heels I know you love the way the God make your feel Now watch me get deeper than a Navy Seal (Navy Seal?) It got a crazy feel, shit feel like you in a danger field Hypnotize, stuck it in her, daze for real That's exactly why we call this one Hazyville (Hazyville) [Verse: Busta Rhymes] Baby, just shake ya ass till you spread on the floor I noticed that your ass too big for your draws You need a - a chiropractor just to marry yo ass To tell the truth you need a tractor just to carry yo ass Fo reala, you motherfuckers probably think that I'm playing All bitches love to talk and all that other shit I be saying And going hmm, see how you putting it down I love the way you shake it throw it around! [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Ab-Liva, Clipse Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Blaze of Glory Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Pharrell] Nigga, put down ya beer and - snatch up ya chair 'n A lot of clak up, clak up, street clearin' First the firing then the siren you'll be hearin' Your man gotta few heartbeat left they fearin' [Chorus - Pharrell] It's me or you, or them or us Lost to what, them things gon' bust Ashes to ashes, and dust to dust I clear the land, "In God We Trust" nigga It's the blaze of glory, the blaze of glory You come in here for these niggaz, the blaze of glory The blaze of glory, the blaze of glory You come in here for these niggaz, the blaze of glory [Pusha T] EGHCK! fuck ya crews and, who ya choosin' Critics and news, and all their reviews The watch jeweled and, VS jewels with Different hews, of rogues or blues The street movement, that I move wit "Hurri"s the "cane" like Miami U Ya niggaz foolin', whatcha doin Obviously, you ain't got a clue It's the blaze of glory I'm killer in the clutch, like the Lakers' Horry Wit four seconds left, rappers can't ignore me Quit stepping on my heel You fuckers riding my flow, like I'm your training wheels, ugh! Mind over matter, SL blacker Sunny days, I might if to think he can't ROOF! You niggaz fishin, well wishin Lotta rhyme but still missin' the vision, it's the blaze of glory [Ab-Liva] Sheah, the blaze of glory, rewrite history Turn pages for me, my story is epic Hustle in my blood, my story is metric Bring that O backwards I'm feeling dyslexic Grew up mis-directed, dark complected Sometimes no electric, it was hectic It was harsh, I was awed, I was infected, neglected At sixteen, I got connected like Tetris Had the power to zone, turn powder to stone In any beef, iron drept it, iron tested Think back, I invested, I assessed it, I reflected Think back, I was requested by God I shall lead as I was directed Demand to be king, I was selected a menacing thing Defying the odds, the fire with arms A tyrants evolved, the tyrant is on, so run for ya weapon nigga! [Malice] I'm for that hit rich quick shit, for that quick lick For that quick Vick fucka, I ain't for the bullshit I ain't for the small talk, strictly 'bout the ballpark Figures on my numbers these niggaz is all talk Niggaz is missin', out on life, I ain't hit him I ain't sittin 'round thumb-twiddling, I ain't wishin' No one could ever tell the Malicious I ain't livin' The home town homies hate my name, I ain't trippin' I don't retaliate, I don't hate, I obliv' 'em Jésus 'round my neck, I'ma Christian, I forgive 'em I was chosen to hold this throne I held my own, ever since I held that zone And served it, from all the days I heard mama's curses Now I put it in verses, it was worth it Don't let it hurt kid, push a pack, cook a crack Whatever be the plate, motherfucka get the bank, uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ I-20, Ludacris Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: It Wasn't Us Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Ludacris] WOO! Ah, Disturbin Tha Peace in this muh'fucker mayynne Just getting started Ludacris, I-20, with the Neptunes Go a lil' somethin like this. [Chorus - Ludacris] + (Girl) They wanna know why, I hit like that Spit like that, shit like that Maybe cause I, get like that Kick like that, rip like that They wanna know why, I rhyme like that Shine like that, glime like that Cause the world is, mine like that (Yours like that?) Mine like that [Verse 1 - Ludacris] Maaan you could get your whole crew Even niggaz that owe you, and paid you shit! You could drink some cold brews And throw on them bold shoes, and jump in the whip! You could come and find us, and be right behind us And insert the clips You hear something go CLAK CLAK CLAK!! Somebody went down! But it wasn't us You could sell about 2 mill', get hooked wit a good deal And start stacking dough You could mo-biles, ride 20 inch big wheels And collect some hoes You could even start eating good, and smoking good But you pressing your luck And you say what? somebody went bankrupt?! But it wasn't us [Verse 2 - Ludacris] You could be going on worldwide tours And see your face on every magazine Or you could flip through channel after channel And see yourself on the TV screen You could pay for expensive videos And have a whole lotta big booty hoes But when that shit start coming to a close Damn! but it wasn't us You could use your backup plan and even call up your backup man And start thinking quick! You could call up the backup hoes And even call us to backup hoes, and tell 'em "suck a dick!" Then you tell 'em just to get on these Or you tell 'em just to pay their fees, or to pay them dues And if you catching them STDs! Damn! then it wasn't us [Verse 3 - Infamous 2-0] You could bring your whole squad and your bodyguard Fuck it dog, you could bring ya block But I got me a AK, and a couple of them SK's So you all get shot You could sell them hard, hard, that evil And every nigga wanna smoke on the 'dro And when the Fed's come and kick ya do', pick up ya hoe I'm like "Whoa, it wasn't us" You could even flip a whole brick, wit ya whole click So everybody riding out on the Spree's But you got you a problem dude, I got the robbin' crews So everybody gotta get on they knees You could even make a chained dog, do the main brawl Even let her stay inside of ya crib But the bitch got no choice, she love my voice Now I put it way inside of her grills You could even make a phone call, to ya road dogs Here come the nigga that's fear in the south Then you drive to a new tune, called the Neptunes Well Pharrell would be hearing ya out You could even try to blame me, cause ya whole crew framed me But I'm still gon' bust If the Fed's try to name me, how ya hate me And uh, then it wasn't us [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Jay-Z Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Frontin' Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Pharrell talking] [Verse: Pharrell Williams] Don't wanna sound full of myself or rude But you ain't looking at no other dudes cause you love me (I'm sorry but.. so sexy) So you think about a chance  You find yourself trying to do my dance  Maybe cause you love me (Uh, you do it well) So then we tried - think we should slow down  Because you weren't used to how fast we touched (fast we touched) Then we locked eyes - and I knew I was in there  And I was gon' tear ya ass up (tear ya ass up) [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] I know that I'm carrying on, nevermind if I'm showing off I was just frontin (you know I want ya babe) I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all But you know I want ya (you should stop frontin babe) [Verse: Pharrell Williams] Trying to be the best girlfriend you could be But still you sneak and look at me, and girl I love it Then you give your other girl a shove Tell her you gon' calm her ass how it was And she's gon love it (whoa-oh whoa, yeah yeah) So then we tried - think we should slow down Because you weren't used to how fast we touched (fast we touched) Then we locked eyes - and I knew I was in there  And I was gon' tear ya ass up (tear ya ass up) [Bridge] [J:] We got another one Pha-real [Pharrell] [P:] Dance, ooooooh ooooh [J:] I call you Pha-real cause you the truth, haha, Young! Great Hov! [P:] Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh [J:] Uh, yeah [P:] Dance, ooooooh ooooh [J:] Lemme talk to em [P:] Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh [J:] I'm a keep it real [Verse: Jay-Z] Everytime your name was brought up  I would act all nonchalant infront of an audience Like if you was just another shorty I put the naughty on But uh, truth be told you do me for a loop, this Hov I'm too old to be frontin when I'm feeling Denzel  And you acting like you ain't appealing when you are Stunting like you ain't my only girl when you are (I was just frontin) I'm ready to stop when you are [Outro: Pharrell Williams] Dance, ooooooh ooooh Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh Dance, ooooooh ooooh Whoa-oh, oh ohhhh [Pharrell talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Vanessa Marquez Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Good Girl Typed by: cinnabunz82@hotmail.com You just left a good girl (good girl, good girl) A good girl you lost today From such a good thing (good girl, good girl) From such a good thing you walked away Thought I was your guiding light your angel Why didn't I know Was prepared to sacrifice my halo I was buggin out Everybody Would come to me Tellin me The things they seen Your girlfriend Who lives for the limelight Well that's alright If that's what you like You just left a good girl (good girl, good girl) A good girl you lost today From such a good thing (good girl, good girl) From such a good thing you walked away (you walked away) How could I mistake us having sex with making love Said I'll never know How could I believe you knew what real love was As real as you could know Everybody Would come to me Tellin me The things they seen Your girlfriend Who lives for the limelight Well that's alright If that's what you like You just left a good girl (good girl, good girl) (oh, oh, oh, oh) A good girl you lost today From such a good thing (good girl, good girl) From such a good thing you walked away I reminisce to that moment You held me close (you held me close) Said we could rewrite history So how could you blow it Now this song has no notes (no notes) So what will the angels sing (I guess nothing) Thought I was over my life's biggest hurdle But oh no, no, no It seems destiny's arrangement's circles But that's how it goes Everybody (everybody) Would come to me (come to me) Tellin me (tellin me) The things they seen (things they seen) Your girlfriend Who lives for the limelight (limelight) Well that's alright If that's what you like You just left a good girl (good girl, good girl) A good girl you lost today (you lost today) From such a good thing (good girl, good girl) From such a good thing you walked away (you walked away) You just left a good girl (good girl, good girl) (not really a jealous girl) A good girl you lost today (my heart opened doors to a place you could walk through) From such a good thing (good girl, good girl) (more pictures than any girl) From such a good thing you walked away (truly your best friend someone that you could talk to) You just left a good girl So I'm single now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Nelly Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: If Typed by: LimitlessLiLJ@aol.com [Intro - Nelly] Dirty E & T We All We Got StarTracks on the G-M-B [Verse 1] I'm not the man sittin' next to the man But I'm the man sittin' wonderin if I'ma ever see you again If imma ever get the chance to hug and squeeze you again... I swear I'll leave you again You ain't gotta worry bout it (Woo) Dirty is simple man I run up on you, "man and all", I ain't no minute man A G-4 headin' straight for Switzerland Or independent 8-Mile down to Michigan She so fit (man) an S-T-L Hottie Aqua bottom demin The flyest thang in the party Baby last could it be Mo-Lotte? Got mo' back than she got body (Eh!) Fall back, get 'Cris and drin' it up Tomorrow hit the mall And 'Cris you d-it up Credit card to the max Come Back!  I re. it up If I'm movin' too fast fo' ya Hurry to speed it up Or ease up, whichever one you prefer We yellow diamonds or the whites, Whichever one you prefer Cali we do the drop New York we do the furr East Coast West Coast whichever one you prefer! (If I couldn't...) Take you... Around the world... (Take you around that w-orld Then shorty would you be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) Buy you cars (Woo), credit cards (Woo) Big jewelry with diamonds, girl (Woo, would you still be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) [Verse 2] No NBA but I could handle rock I'm a different kindda' balla' baby, feel or not (Feel or not) Yea I'm a playa' and I crush a lot I also puff a lot, But I'll stop if you fuss a lot Err-thing I done done you ain't satisfied And you don't wanna' answer to my "Who's?" and my "Why's?" (Eh) Just loan me back my keys to my CL55 Better hurry the bus leave at 7:55 (55) WE OFF THAT Take you to the field, ma,  Let you ride horse back Yea I'm 50 miles from the arch and all that But from the bedroom, balcony, you can see all that I can see you pointin' now like,  "What do you call that?" Got all these damn cars "Where the hell do ya' park at?" We used to ask "What it cost?" Now it ain't no more a'that I made it so ya' own mama call ya "It's all crap" (If I couldn't...) Take you... Around the world... (Take you around that w-orld Then shorty would you be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) Buy you cars (Woo), credit cards (Woo), Big jewelry with diamonds, girl (Woo, would you still be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) [Verse 3] Take you (take you) Girl if I couldn't Take you (take you) If I couldn't Take you around the world Tell me would you still be my girl? If I couldn't Take you (take you) Now way to Take you (take you) Girl if I couldn't Take you around the world Tell me would you still be my girl? [Chorus with minor changes - Repeat until fadeout] (If I couldn't...) Take you... Around the world... (Take you around that w-orld Then shorty would you be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) Buy you cars (Woo), credit cards (Woo) Big jewelry with diamonds, girl (Woo, Would you still be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Boobonic, Pusha T, Rosco P. Coldchain Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Hot Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus: Rosco P. Coldchain] + (Pharrell) Hey 'Rell this beat is.. (HOT!.. HOT!) You know I keep a chrome, under seats and in the home Without speaking you'll give me your chain I'm Da Vinci, don't make me draw ya pain They call me 'Sco, short for Rosco P. Coldchain Hey 'Rell this beat is.. (HOT!) [Verse 1: Pusha T] It go hot waist - Desert taste Four pounds of metal, triangle face Hesi-tate - never, I'll put hole in whoever Don't make Push' Russian Roulette ya Gamble wit ya life Change came from cocaine I've measured White was the treasure, comfort was the steel I pedal to the corner like a child on a big wheel Flow more sicker, so much shake in the street They measure my weight in Richter Make no mistake, I rhyme for the public But still I push weight that make the ghetto's quake By all means I've seen I've lived By 22 years old, 50 thousand dollar vehicles I rimmed {*scratches*} My dreams start over the stove I ran over the globe and back again [Verse 2: Rosco P. Coldchain] Y'all niggas really ain't got a pot to piss in Or a window to throw it out of I'm filthy but you better believe I got over a stack in my pocket though Iceberg on the seams of jeans? no! I'm a Dickies and Timbs man, I'm not no Benz man Delta '88 on rims man, wit mirror tint  And four of my most militant men whose trying to stay sucka free That's why they hang around me, cause I ain't print Left em for diamonds and pearls, I'm not no bitch I choose a mack before that attached 100 shot clip I scare the shit outta bank tellers so I can become rich That's how I make my living, I give em encouragement, "you're doing great!" Keep chillin while I'm flashing the glock in their face I show em I can be appreciative, I tell em thanks for giving I'm sinning! But the Lord knows I have three children Now I'm somewhere in +Utah+ relaxing to +Jazz+ with a broad Quarter mill in a stash, avoiding the law from far! [Verse 3: Boobonic] I'm starting wit the man in the mirror Mask need to make that change That real doe, that point something paper Like a 4.6 on a Range, new shit {*scratches*} Look 'Bonic really been through shit Pay close attention when Boo' spit Uh, lack 'a that'll get you hit And don't care who you'll come back through with, been around Nigga front like he want his car spun around Window drop block pop spin around  Niggaz stand up looking for 'em sit em down And ya see em laid out That's why when I was young I stayed out And plus being pussy ya niggaz is played out I made means to get that cream We all playas all they say is how you get that team The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Snoop Dogg Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Blows My Mind Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] You should smokes with me The chronic's blowing The chronic's blowing The chronic's blowing The chronic's blowing (It blows my mind) [Verse 1 - Snoop Dogg] Blowing chronic to me, it's like a tradition to me I got the pi-doun, so sit down and listen to me Don't go against me fool, go wit me We could blow it all together like Bobby Brown and Whitney Yeah, we got something in common They could search a nigga, but they never finding my bomb and I got the stash, spot, my cash got Lot of motherfuckas pulling, police shots I'm not "The One" nigga you could call me "The Two" Bob Marley reincarnated, pupils dialated Emancipated, concentrated, debated, rated many times You suprised how I made it, huh? You hate it, huh, but you know, I ain't even trippin I'm spliting that Swisha up, plotting on the come up I'm living my life, and never putting my gun up Dranking my drink, and I'ma smoke that blunt [Verse 2 - Snoop Dogg] The greener the tree, the better the bud The strength of the branch, will tell you how chronic it was I'm - buzzing high, sliding, slippin Gotcha listening to Snoop and now you feel like you crippin It's all to the good, the dash is wood You got some hoes in ya truck and now ya ready to fuck But, they frontin and fakin, and time is waistin She don't wanna give ya number now she hollin at Jason Now don't get mad, just roll to the pad And keep a G on the bitch and roll another dub bag (My nigga) light that shit, hit that bitch Then past it to ya homie like playa, pimp (blaze that bitch) And when you get dizzone, crack the do' And let me get a little snizzle 'Cause ain't no fun, if the homies can't get none Puff, puff, pass my nigga, one lizza [Bridge x2] Do you wanna smoke wit me (Do you wanna?) Come and keep me company Baby come and fuck with me You should smokes with me [Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg] It's the diabolical, chronical, mythological Psychological, make a model hoe, fuck a G Pre-medical, steady slow those, ready can get it Teacher taught it to those with mind apparatus My status has been the baddest ever since I intro'd I'm that nigga that brought y'all the info On the Chucks, French braids, and endo Big Snoop Dogg with the fog on the window Spell ya name in it, put ya face in it And hang with the nigga with the gang bang spinach Drag it, blunt wrap it, or zig-zag it Don't really matter even if it's in the package Put it to the side, so when ya boy hit the Eastside I'm look for the firefied cheefa Aiyyo Pharrell, gimme that VA discount I'm tryna bounce wit the whole ounce (smoke me out) [Bridge x2] [Hook] Do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya, do ya Do you think that you could fuck with we (Star Trak) (Yeah Pharrell this that shit right here) And BBC - nigga [Chorus x2] + {*Snoop ad-libs*} [Outro - Snoop Dogg] Dranking our drank Ya dig what I'm sayin? We ain't gon' never sing We gon' still flow Cause we always hit the right note (It blows my mind) That's real shit, Pharrell you my loc' And that's for life my nigga Haha, Gangsta Gumpo Neptunes, Star Trak (It blows my mind) Billionaire Boys Club, DPG Doggy Style Records, ooh wee (It blows my mind).. [laughs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Clipse Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Loser Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: Shay] + (Pharrell) We gotta win (yeah) we gotta win (yeah) We gotta wi-in (we gotta win) We gotta win (yeah) cause I'm a win (yeah) (Spymob vocalist: yeah yeah) (We gotta win) We gotta win (yeah) we gotta win (yeah) We gotta wi-in (we gotta win) See I'm a win, I'm a win [Chorus: Spymob vocalist & Pharrell] + (Shay) We will not be the losers (losers) We won't won't leave till our job is done (noo) We will not be the losers (losers) Sorry but we're not the ones, yeah! [Verse 1: Pharrell & Spymob vocalist] + (Shay) I will have my eyes focused plant my feet on the ground I will run through the middle and lay them all down I'm the carrier of the torch to make my path I will burn The world (yeah) must learn [Verse 2: Pharrell Williams] I know they are coming to do what they can I'll stab 'em and smash them, I'll face them like a man I know I must face my country, I have to face my town So I can't, let them down [Pusha T] + (Pharrell) Look at me runnin', endzone I'm comin One's on my back I be floatin' (Ah) The stadium loud, my mother be proud Her eyes is teary, she chokin' (Aaah) We did this for who? the ones who were true Supporting this dream that I'm livin' (Aaah) And for my squad, the whole nine yards The name of my team I'm defending [Malice] + (Pharrell) Sometimes it seems all wrong, I won't stop till it's all gone As I leap for the long bomb (Aaah) You know me, number fo' fo' Blast through life, running back but in slow mo' (Aaah) I'm a veteran, prize to the better man Just like the medal lands, ran like I never ran (Aaah) In this game of life, we gon' play ball Us against them, we gon' lay them all [Shay] We will not be the losers We won't won't leave till our job is done [Verse 3: Pharrell] + (Spymob vocalist) I'm prepared to go the distance and battle to the end I will fight through the twilight to see my family again But the desert is so cloudy and it is hard to see There's chance that, and that chance is me (Yeah!) [Outro: Shay] Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah! Cause I'ma win, 'cause I'ma win Cause I'ma wi-in Cause I'ma win, 'cause I'ma win Cause I'ma win, 'cause I'ma win Cause I'ma wi-in Cause I'ma win, 'cause I'ma win The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Fam-Lay Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Rock N' Roll Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: Fam-Lay] Hmmm...yes sirrrrrr Rock and roll, man roll and rock I got tens, got twentys, got fifty blocks I got smoke to buy, coke for sale Sold much coke, got coke in jail In the white Rolls Royce with my man Pharrell This lil' nigga got beats too fresh to be stale But I'ma take you back to the early eighties When my cousin Stacey had the pearl Mercedes My aunt cousin Wack had the black on black Ac' coupe Legend with the gold in the back I was just a lil' young'n runnin' wild as hell Runnin' round wild trynta get that mail Lil' shorty dudes trynta learn the grooves I was twelve years old brought it to the school Cause I was quick to flip, quick to sell that shit You ain't from the hood, y'all don't know bout this [Hook 1] But if you feel me, throw your bows up (Star Track) Try to set up shop get glowed up Hey, I'm the candyman, I got mo' than frozen cups I got your chop top sour diesel roll-ups Fam! we can roll up (Star Track) But Fam! don't try to roll up (Star Track) Don't make me pull these motherfuckin' fo's up Cause it's like that [Verse 2: Fam-Lay] The fiends is dyin', things is lyin' Missin' on the streets, so the fiends is still buyin' Right on time and money on the mind and On them twenty-fo's, them bit-ches straight shinin' But y'all niggaz don't know bout this Fresh new kicks with the new outfit Got the all black top with the black on black You ever see me creepin, just back on back Cause I got that pump and it is gon' spit I ain't no punk and I ain't no snitch From a place on Earth called Huntersville Where people out there got love for real Got love for all who got love for me If a coward ever ran then it wasn't me I'll be on the curb movin' dubs and d's And if you ever bought a dub then it was for me I ever get caught then it was to be I'ma just make bail by my cousin E Back on the Porsche with the mobile phone Like eleven in the mornin' them hoes to go home Trynta score and get this shit off quick You ain't from the hood, y'all don't know bout this [Hook 1] [Hook 2] Aww shit, this is the part when the fight just start When the fists get to swingin' and the four-fifths spark And then the bitches get to runnin' and the bitch just scream And we spin off in Rolls and it's so damn clean [Verse 3: Fam-Lay] I stand on my block, the cam on the spot My hands in my pocket, both hammers is cocked Waitin' for a nigga to just act up My right hand big six, got my bait back up Niggaz lookin' all jealous, lookin' mad as hell Actin' like lil' girls, like tattle-tales Mad cause my right hand bad as hell I would've kept shootin', but I had a sale See, I'm a crime boss three sixty-five Lookin' for a Nina Ross, she just can ride Picked up my cash and slide all sweet Nigga tried to snatch ass, knocked his heart off beat Nigga talk trash like the shit all sweet Wont'cha all take the cash dogg, not off me Hustlin's in my veins - you cannot stop it Walkin' on the block with life in my pocket I'm trynta score and get this shit off quick You ain't from the ghetto, y'all don't know bout this [Hook 1] [Hook 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Jadakiss, Super Cat Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: The Don of Dons (Put De Ding Pon Dem) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Super Cat] Well hear Dis! Original Dan die hearted dog heart Haffi put de old iron pon dem Me cyaan live inna no peace ca de whole a dem Informer dem an dem a cause problem Chop It! [Chorus: Super Cat] Koo mama koo mama ma koo saw Dem nah go do me like dem do mi friend Tenor Saw Mama koo mama koo mama ma koo Saw Dem nah go do me like dem do mi friend Big Poppa Aay! A wha dem fa me sey a wha dem a do yah Ba a nuff a dem me hear sey dem a born gangsta Ba a when me check it out de whole a dem a poser Oonu tell dem dem wi run up inna wi Bushmaster Boys! Perplex de flex an man a go queeze de trigger [Verse 1: Super Cat] Sey dem a shotta dem a shotta - Man a straight shoota An straighter den de guy weh clap Martin Luther For murda is a word weh some a dem only heard a Oonu tell dem a de Rappa Dappa Dan dem a falla Oonu tell dem Mr. Cat a DanceHall Emperor Oonu tell dem Rappa Dan a Ram Dance Master An inna de dancehall a music me charged fa, sing! [Bridge: Super Cat] When De Don of Dons put de ting pon dem Original Don of Dons put de ting pon dem Original Don of Dons put de ting pon dem De Don of Dons put de ting pon dem Because me cyaan live inna no peace ca de whole a dem Informer dem an dem a cause problem Carry mi name gone a station to superinten Sey de Rappa Dappa bustin up a Mack 10 [Verse 2: Super Cat] Sey de Rappa Dappa causing pure problem From New York City to de clock a Big Ben De whole world a shout de Rappa Dan come again Tell dem true gangsta never have no need fe pretend A bag a duppy men dem men deh send a Maypen So bad bull inna Pen a Man nuh fraid a none a dem Fa man a leaf a root a man a branch an stem Car wha me luv sey dat a Mercedes Benz [Bridge] [Verse 3: Jadakiss] Uh, you know me, K-I-S-S, Kiss of Death LP soon come for ya, bless bless I don't give a fuck about ya rock size Nigga my guns is grandfather clocksize The Winchester, the Thompson, the Bushmaster They it, break something off and they push past ya And you know they say, that it's better to kill 'em than rob 'em Cause informers are problems, set 'em in water you could dissolve 'em Cause it's a rat in every hood and everybody knows em To whom it may, I'm the Don Jada Specialize in purple haze, cocaine in the Mon-tega Arm, leg, leg, arm, head, probly get nice When I'm be-yond dead, get ya shit tight You dudes is bitch, wear 'em if ya shoes'll fit The game ain't changed, the rules just switched [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Ab Liva, Clipse, Rosco P. Coldchain Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Hot Damn Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com, PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] Now they saying we're too harsh New verses please, c'mon [Chorus - Pharrell] + (Malice) Hot damn! it's a new day! Hot damn! but them boys want the (RPC: money man) Hooooouuuuuu (uh huh) Hooooouuuuuu (of corse) Hooooouuuuuu ('fore you say, what you say) Hot damn! [Verse 1 - Malice] My how the boys roam From roaming, loc, and come home, to homes of his own No catching up he's in a whole another zone Still true to his roots, stay close to the chrome Haters stay clear of 'em, y'all stand cheer for 'em Got up out the game and overcame, let's hear it for 'em Keep a new toy so I wonder how could I not enjoy life I'm reliving my childhood Big chain monsta, wit game bonkas Monster truck remind him of Tonka Diamond F color, plush gold still gutter My deal is in the mil's motherfuck' and I ain't studder Bitter sweet, my life's a musical From holding nose to Bose Gold, the Lord's beautiful Before him I'm too shamed to show my face But shit's so mean I can't help but to fall from grace, motherfucker [Chorus - Pharrell] + (Rosco P.) Hot damn! it's a new day! Hot damn! but them boys want the (Money man) [Verse 2 - Ab Liva] Hot, damn, when the white hit the pan it Twists and it tumbles it, flips and it fumbles, I Mix it like Gumbo, I, pitch it so subtle, I Keep hustlers puzzled, Feds I got 'em wondering (Wondering) "What Happened To That Boy" Six maneuver, how'd I slip into that toy Is it the pimp, the crook, the hustling thing The man, the music that making a king I'm simply building my Ming A million men marching like calling 'em The King Kong of Verse making the world sing My heart's on the sleeve for Your face is just like mine Peeking from bars hoping the sun shines on em But you still got to watch the phonies Watch your homies, we {*two gun shots*} got you homie! [Chorus - Pharrell] + (Rosco P.) Hot damn! it's a new day! Hot damn! but them boys want the (Money man) [Verse 3 - Pusha T] Uhh! handled the rock like none other Grits over the stove, head under the cupboard In the kitchen till the fume make me feel smothered The way it melt fiends can't believe it's not butter The way it melt he won't cop from none other Then he who holds O's like Krispy Kreme's oven Or easy bake, pink divies make The Presidential look like strawberry shortcake, P! [Pharrell] Imagine that Rolls Royce crashed in, me unscratched in That Billionaire Boy's Club fashion Uh, you niggas is +Clones+ I hand out styles like ice cream cones, the fuck outta here [Pusha T] That's for real, my gats is real SL 5 is lookin like the Batmobile Chrome lips with the matching wheels Uh, both chains probably match ya deal Y'all dudes is an act fa real, Pusha [Chorus - Pharrell] + (Rosco P.) Hot damn! it's a new day! Hot damn! but them boys want the (Money man) [Verse 4 - Rosco P. Coldchain] Neither the sun or death can be looked at, that's what an OG told me That was the exact moment I decided to take a pact And if you owe me and if I decided to take it back It wasn't nicely expect Rosco to put you back, in place I'm what you call a destructive warpath It'll be shell showers in today's forecast You a gangsta? I can't tell Your diamonds don't glimmer when the light hit it Those aren't genuwine, because if they was I'm nice wit it I woulda' been took that That skinny stack in your pocket I woulda been shook that In this world you gotta watch it, I'm hear to warn ya Cats turned informant, over snow wrapped in wax My son's home crying, don't give me no slack Just put the motherfucking money in the bag These words are being said as I hide behind glove and mask Coldchain's not your typical crook I'm being watched look at the camera lens in the bush [Chorus - Pharrell] + (Rosco P.) Hot damn! it's a new day! Hot damn! but them boys want the (Money man) Hooooouuuuuu, hooooouuuuuu Hooooouuuuuu, hot damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ N.O.R.E. (Noreaga) Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Put 'Em Up Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [N.O.R.E.] Star Track (Star Track) Star Track (Star Track) Millitainment!! Millitainment (Man) My nigga David Banner in the buildin' (Man...man) Bounce bounce (Man) Bounce bounce (Man) Bounce bounce [Hook 1: Pharrell] Are you a P-I-M-P? But can't no nigga put the pimpin' like me I get em up get em up (up) I get them hoes and put em up (up) I'm here with N-O-R-E And can't nobody rip a club like we Put em up put em up (up) Get your set and put em up put em up (up) Get your fingers put em up put em up (up) Get your rag and put em up put em up (up) Man [Hook 2: N.O.R.E.] Bounce bounce (Man) Bounce bounce (Man) Bounce bounce (Man) Bounce bounce [N.O.R.E.] Now it ain't N.O.R.E. to be on time But I rock a rhyme that's right on slime, it's N.O.R.E. (It's N.O.R.E., N.O.R.E.) I'm just chillin' wit my shorty (shorty) Drinkin' on a forty (forty), private stock old English (English) Bout to get some naughty, O.P.P. no D-E-D All she need is me up in the N-Y-C [Hook 1] [Hook 2] [N.O.R.E.] Now it ain't N.O.R.E. to be on time But I rock a rhyme that's right on slime, it's N.O.R.E. (It's N.O.R.E., N.O.R.E.) Half mo, full mo Wear a thong, g-code Gettin' bent off that liquor Till our colons thick and old Stay trippin' on them hoes...we be illin' And them whores doin' shows...top billin' Stay packin' fo' fo's...ain't no concealin' Peoples throwin' those bows....so how you feelin' [Hook 1] [Hook 2 x2] [N.O.R.E.] Now it ain't N.O.R.E. to be on time But I rock a rhyme that's right on slime, it's N.O.R.E. (It's N.O.R.E., N.O.R.E.) Bangin' goin' crazy Bangin' black Mercedes Why I'm bangin' on them corners Bangin' all your ladies And she just wanna ride Get up in that coupe and slide Run around the corners lyin' Say she Bonnie, said I'm Clyde (What?) But I'm that type of guy Have yo chicken bakin' pie And she really wanna fuck me I can see it in her eye [Hook 1] [Hook 2 x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Pop Shit Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: ODB] 1-2, 1-2, 1-2 (guess who's raw?) Yeah mothafucker, you know who it is Ol' Dirty Bastard a.k.a. Dirt McGirt Killin' anything that moves {x2} You know what time it is Neptunes mothafucker.. The Neptunes Yo 1-2, 1-2 (yeah this shit don't stop!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Plug it up, cocaine make ya speakers blow Party amps gettin' sniffed up now wit it too When there's somethin' in my camp, a wireless amp High as a ramp, speak to Wu like stamp The wet got me damp, pussy darker than lamp Moses you don't wanna 'ttempt, I see all fans I'm too drunk too, now you like "Move!" Coked out in Peru, in hair/here like shampoo Small like snubs, camera to you scrubs Kinda like stubs, confidential at the club Sniff buds like Rule, I fast Ghost like Wu Get CREAM like tube, burn ya fast food Appeared in rude, we'll take ya panties off nude Yes and renewed, big guns and clued Bitch I'm loose like Lugz, Dirty to the litter bug Girls you like hugs? I don't like thugs [Chorus: Pharrell (ODB)] Pop shit, bitch what's wrong? Pop shit, nigga what's wrong? (Take my drink it's about to get..) OOH! (Take my drink it's about to get..) OOH! (Me and my niggaz about to get...) SUED! (Me and my niggaz about to stop..) YOU! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Aiyo all this shit is from the ghetto Smoke Palmetto, sing like Peno Carry the Heathrows, scared of police though They tried to kill O. in prison yo! Had me turned out, drunk is all about I got this money pourin' out the stout I'm a loud mouth, drunk party is out Play this music on every route Follow Dirty, I'm the WhiteOut Catch bitches like trout, get drunk, won't stop I'm gettin' this money, called gettin' honey Streets of Brooklyn and ain't a damn thing funny Have a day sunny, bitches put me in ya tummy I'm the nigga on the cross burnin' about 20 Go me a bunny lookin' good and funny All you niggaz, is straight crash dummies [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I was checkin' out my melody before The Blueprint Felony, a nuisance, huggin' me and my two cents Don't double the six takes, never did a mixtape But rather a chick take but waste any weather we get cake I let rats have it, fuck these rap faggots! Everybody want the kid dead like Pat Garrett I'm a goon, speak with a mellow tone Rock yellow stones, gun longer than a broom! Cuz felon on the ride is long due and soon Out again like boom, government comin' soon Anything less is uncivilized like it tastes mad I'm a shoot a youth's Sajak, cooler than a mayback Arubu known to collect, twistin' up that haze black And Backwood on that, hoodrat, I stay strapped P.P., don't carry that weight Nigga redhead, fuck with chicks if their head straight [Outro: ODB] Yeah you know what time it is It's that new shit Dirt McGirt, Neptunes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Kelis, Nas Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Popular Thug Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Nas] Yeah, yea, yea, yeah Yeah, yeah, uh, yo [Verse 1 - Nas] Ladies love what I been through, blood on my Tim boots Snub noses, club closes, down where my men shoot But she can't stand, I'm sharing everything wit the fam' That means them too, flat screen, Benz Coupe Plus I entertain bosses At my Spanish style lagger filled, furnished up fortress But look at this thang, in Alexander but Queens Giuseppies, Xanadies, the sexiest bodies And I, betcha she prolly, heard how I love 'em and leave 'em But she still wanna suck 'em and eat 'em Cause I'm a poet, a preacher, and a pimp wit words A thief who stole her heart, a prince she deserves [Kelis] I should have known, by the way that you stared Eyeing passes by, like your rich but life ain't fair, but ya [Bridge - Kelis] Make my record skip Make my record skip Make my record skip Make my record skip [Chorus x2 - Kelis] + (Nas) I would have never talked to you If I had known you was a popular thug Hey, popular thug (Ya damn right) [Verse 2 - Nas] I take, I don't ask for nothin' You fake, I look past ya frontin', for cash I'm a glutton I'ma, bad influence yo, I'll ya marriage ruined By hangin wit me, you get ass from some new chicks My life's so fluent, pass ya music Honey's I hit, hear my songs and get mad and lose it Cause I'm a sexed crazed bastard I lace Kelis with a cushion cut engagement ring, we done, that's it [Kelis] I should have seen, in the way you touched my hand Shuffling your car keys, but sounded like a gentleman, but ya [Bridge] [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - Nas] I don't need more the ice grill, cause I don't have to My eyebrows shaped like a half boat, and I don't raise 'em The kid you can't budge him, or phase him My money's amazin', honey Black, Puerto Rican, and Asian What I made, look me and you the king is hooked Got you the cayenne green Porsche, pushed They off the hook, them and haters nightmares walking You smothered by a popular gangsta, perfect boyfriend [Kelis] I should have heard it, in the way you said my name While I analyzed your tone, you were formulating games, but ya [Bridge] [Chorus x3] [Outro - Kelis] + (Nas) Hey, popular thug (Ya damn right) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Don't Worry About It Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] It's her dark skin.. It's your juicy lips girl, ah-ahhh She's bad bad, bad ass (uh) She's bad bad, bad ass She's bad bad, bad ass (you're so dark girl) She's bad bad, bad ass [Pharrell] I've been all around the Earth There no girls that kiss me first But you just stand there with a smirk But don't you worry about it, ahh - OWW!! .. So BABY!! Don't fool wit me If you don't wanna give it up Don't worry about it BABY!! Don't fool wit me If you don't wanna give it up Don't worry about it I just wanna feel your (uhh) You just wanna feel my (uhh) We should just go feel our (uhh) Imagine.. but fuck it don't worry about it OWW!! BABY! Don't fool wit me If you don't wanna give it up Don't worry about it (worry about it) BABY!!! Don't fool wit me If you don't wanna give it up Don't worry about it (worry about it) Baby look at your girl starin at me And her girl, in the next seat They want a menage three, don't worry about it OWW!! I said BABY!! Don't fool wit me If you don't wanna give it up Don't worry about it (worry about it) Chocolate flower.. uh (worry about it) See, I know I got them other girls But I wanna learn from youuuu There's a war going on outside no man is safe from And I'm not trying to looossee, I need you They say, damn Pharrell! you have a cold heart, will you move? So when it comes to a girl like you, that moves me What am I supposed to do? .. but admit it You're you're you're bad ass You're you're, c'mon sing it wit me She's bad bad, bad ass (uh) She's bad bad, bad ass (girl you know you just a) She's bad bad, bad ass (uh) She's bad bad, bad ass (just) She's bad bad, bad ass (I said she's) She's bad bad, bad ass (she's!) She's bad bad, bad ass (she) She's bad bad, bad ass (she) [Outro - Pharrell] Don't worry about it.. Don't worry about it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Fly or Die Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] Uhh huh, uhh huh, uhh huh, fly! WHOO! WHOOOO! This is for the kids! This is only for the kids!! [Verse - Pharrell] Mommy! Daddy! I know, you love me Bad grades, Playstations Restrictions, you take it from me But God forbids, something goes wrong You call, the police Well guess what! I found In the drawer, of Daddy's [Chorus - Pharrell & (Shae)] Oh God (oh God!) ohh God (oh God!) Oh God (oh God!) Hey! (c'mon!) It won't be long, till you see me on the news!! Another soul lost at sea - while taking a cruise!! Gasping for air makes the righteous path - harder to choose What if he'd fly or die! sink or swim! Which one shall I choose?!?! (yeah!) [Verse - Pharrell] Stupid shrink - give fade, by the hour - 350 He can't - figure out, what's wrong - with me Dumbass - girlfriend, fuck my friend - she's a ho I tried telling - mom and dad But they're more concerned - with the poor falling out [Verse - Pharrell] + (Shae) Now I'm in with - the negotiatior And he says to me (you don't want to die boy) (It's not the right time, you have a bright mind) (You'll do great things in your lifetime) I screamed NO!! I beat his ass He turned around, I seen his wings And just then, the bell rings I was in school, it was just a dream!! [Outro - Pharrell] It won't be long.. Gasping for air makes the righteous path - harder to choose Fly or die! sink or swim! Which one shall I choose?!?! (yeah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. f/ Benji Madden, Joel Madden Album: Fly or Die Song: Jump Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014hotmail.com [*dialing*] [*ringing*] [Verse 1 - Pharrell] Hello? Hey mom, it's me mom Can't tell you where I sleep mom Cause that's where we be mom Sometimes I steal and cheat mom Yes, I get enough to eat mom Mom, can you listen to me? No! I don't mess with guns Yes in my travels I have seen one No, being a runaway is no fun But house rules sure were not fun Something told me to [Chorus - Joel Madden & Benji Madden] (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) And I don't care now (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) Cause we don't get out (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) I packed my things now (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) Fuck this shit right now, I'm checking out (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) (Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!) [Verse 2 - Joel Madden] Hey dad, I'm ok dad, that's what you say dad I never could obey dad You would have bad days dad And you would make me pay dad make me feel way sad Punk rock, tatoos, leather jacket Good grades don't come with that package Yes y'all I would love to match it But names just make it harder to hack it by [Verse 3 - Pharrell] + (Joel Madden) Don't let your teachers teach you about wealth to death Maybe there's something else (I'm checking out) Don't let Massah teach you that we are by ourselves Cause trust me there's something else (I'm checking out) Oh la la la, la la, la la - la la la, la la, la la Shh.. maybe there's something else (I'm checking out) See we're not part of the Magna Charta There's no shuttle for us to charter No.. they're keeping it for themselves (I'm checking out) My ex-girlfriend I'm trying And her new boyfriend I'd fight him And what about my cousins? Tell em that I love 'em I'm not perfect nor facetious But at home I've felt fearless Your son completely hateless Turn to BBC you should see this A thousand heads [Bridge] I woke up thinking something (I'm checking out) (jump!) Wish I had it my way (jump!) Though I'm a rebel some can say (I'm checking out) (jump!) I'm told it's neither (jump! jump! jump!) (I'm checking out) .. (I'm checking out) {*scratched*} N-E-R-D [Outro] Astrounaut suits by the BBC! - (repeated til fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Backseat Love Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell] I was walking, down the street Saw this girl, she smell so sweet ....Hey baby... She start running, so I could chase How they get them saffires, in yo face ....Hey baby... So we start walking, and holding hands But she don't know, that daddy got plans I'm gon' get her, in my car In the backseat, show her a rock star She said, "I been hugged, and I been kissed But ain't no other boy, make me feel like this." ....I know baby... So then she starts screaming, and reaching for the door "Daddy I ain't never felt this before!" Stay in the car, put the windows up No seatbelt, no need to buckle up Emergency brakes, no need for the clutch But wait... ah, don't get a ticket girl! [Chorus - Pharrell] Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat love Backseat love, backseat.. [Bridge - Pharrell] Love, love, (backseat love) love, love (backseat love) Love, love, (backseat love) love, love (backseat love) Love, love, (backseat love) love, love (backseat love) Love, love, (backseat love) love, love (backseat love) Love, love, (backseat love) love, love (backseat love) Love, love, (backseat love) love, love (backseat love) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D Album: Fly or Die Song: She Wants to Move Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] Shake it up.. shake it up girl Shake it up.. bass Hey! Shake it up.. shake it up [Verse - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) She makes me think of lightning in skies (Her name) She's sexy!! How else is - God supposed to write? (Her name) She's sexy!! Move, she wants to move But you're hogging her, you're guarding her She wants to move (she wants to move) She wants to move (she wants to move) But you're hogging her, you're guarding her (damn!) [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) Mister! Look at your girl, she loves it! (Look at her) I can see it in her eyes She (come here babe) hopes this lasts forever, Hey!! [Verse - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) Her off beat dance makes me fantasize (Her curves) She's sexy!! Her ass is a spaceship I want to ride {*sound effect*} (Her ass) She's sexy!! Move, she wants to move But you're hogging her, and guarding her She wants to move (she wants to move) She wants to move (she wants to move) But you're hogging her, you're guarding her (beat it!!) [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) Mister! Look at your girl, she loves it! (I know you love it girl) I can see it in her eyes She - hopes this lasts forever (hey) Hey!! [Interlude/Bridge - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) Ehh, this is your part girl Uh, this is your part girl!! (Move, she wants to move) c'mon! OWW! (Move, she wants to move) ehh Man (and move, she wants to move) (Move, she wants to move) But you're hogging her, you're guarding her BEAT IT!! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) Mister! Look at your girl (damn) she loves it! (She loves) I can see it in her eyes She - hopes this lasts forever, Hey!! c'mon Mister! Look at your girl (look at your girl) she loves it! (She wants it) I can see it in her eyes She - hopes this lasts forever, Hey!! [Outro - Pharrell Williams] (Shae) Somebody get us some water in here! Cause it's HOT! (Yo why you, why you, why you wit that fool?) HOT y'all! Hey! Huuuhh! (I like it when you're wet baby) Ehh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Breakout Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Verse - Pharrell Williams] It just happened, so what But they're all laughing, wassup Why the tears? have no fear We are here for you But I know how you feel I know how you feel when no one cares [Pre-Chorus - Pharrell & (Shae)] If you feel just like I feel (push people) Everythings plastic, nothings real (push people) Fuck your lover face, not steal (push people) We're just dancing, no big deal (push people) Hey just let the bullshit pass (push people) Or we'll skateboard your ass (push people) Got more bombs, more wheels (push people) We're just dancing, no big deal (push people) [Chorus - Pharrell & (Shae)] Breakout (push people) breakout Breakout (push people) breakout Breakout (push people) breakout Breakout (push people) breakout Breakout (push people) breakout Breakout (push people) breakout (Push people) break awayyyyy (push people) [Verse - Pharrell Williams] All you can be is just you Cause you're real, not the plastic type But reality sets in this dark and this plastic life Why the tears? we're all here for you But I know how you feel I know how you feel and I do care [Pre-Chorus] [Bridge - Pharrell] Hey (shit happens) hey (just blow it off) (WHOOOOO!!!!) Man, well don't it make ya feel GREEAAATTTT yeah, GREEAAATTTT yeah (WHOOOOO!!!!) Hey! (shit happens) uh huh (just blow it off) (WHOOOOO!!!!) Yeah, well don't it make ya feel GREEAAATTTT yeah, GREEAAATTTT yeah (WHOOOOO!!!!) .. just as long as we got the same thing in our veins You and I, we are both the same I'll bail you out, show you what you seek One love, N.E.R.D, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Wonderful Place Typed by: one_lucke_star@yahoo.com Yeah, uh huh, lets do it Damn, it's setting in now Cause cartoons are turning into real life Lemons and limes are fighting Fighting over straws like they were oil filled pipes Why's the sun writing the song? Why is this funny to me? all of a sudden a mouths' come along And what he sings, it brings harmony You may not understand why there's a smile on my face It's cause this world would be such a wonderful place If some of these companies in two-thousand three get erased But not me man, I see a wonderful place (the world's a wonderful place) [chorus] My soul's in my smile, don't frown Just get up, get up My soul's in my smile, don't frown Just get up, get up My soul's in my smile, don't frown Just get up, get up The wallpapers movimy soul's in my smile, don't frown Just get up, get up The wallpaper's moving My arms and my legs leave a blur when I swipe Sap is just oozing But trees say that smoke blocks the sun So for them, it's just night The seven eyes look in through the clouds And why is that funny to me? And here comes the mouse singing loud And what he sings brings harmony You may not understand why there's a smile on my face It's cause this world would be such a wonderful place [chorus] x2 (whistling...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D Album: Fly or Die Song: Waiting for You (Bonus Track) Typed by: mauritsmeijers@hotmail.com [Pharell] So she tells her man: "Let's go fishin'" We'll go tommorow morning when the sun rise... And then she says she wants to take her kids and (*baby crying*) That's her boy that's 12 and her daughter that's 4 with angel eyes So they get there... and the sun has barely risen Decided on a spot where the fish is plentiful with the tide Get out their poles Daddy smiles and said the fish is jumpin' Then they heard a splash but it sounded bigger than fish size 12 year old screams: "Mom!!!" and Mom screams back: "The baby was holdin' your arm" Well, that was 30 seconds ago So they jumped in All comin' up with nothin' but then... Something told mom to look toward the light But the sun wasn't yellow it had turned white So she listen and swam She swam for the light Like the Michelin Man she swam with such might She spotted the baby and she was on her back Just as the light said "Sunrise was Heaven's track" She turned the baby over her eyes were still blue Baby had a smile and said... "I was waitin' for you!" Mom, I was waitin' for you!!! Your baby!! Momma! I love you! And I was waitin for you! (Hey!) I was waitin' for you.. I was waitin' for you.. Momma... I was waitin' for you.. I love you ma... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Drill Sergeant Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com Drill sergeant I don't work for you I'm not going to war (I'm not going to war) I'm a cashier wielding books I work at the Barnes & Noble store (Barnes & Noble store!) You must think I'm Orson Welles and this is 1954 You understand Liberty until Someone speaks for yours (someone speaks for yours) [Verse - Pharrell] Shame on you Singing serve your country while I'm young Shame on you Mixing my mind up, handlig guns Bye bye mom and dad and all Just in case there is failure I could be blaming you But I got something tell ya [Verse - Pharrell] Aim on your Level their buildings, destroy their soil Aim on you Did you finally figure where to run that oil, fuck it Why cry if man should die? When there's probable failure or I could just aim on you But I got something to tell ya [Bridge - repeat 5x] Maybe there's another way That we can bond, bond, bond, bond, bond, bond, bond, bond [Outro] I'm not going to war.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Fly Or Die Song: Preservation Typed by: kill4747@hotmail,com [Pharrell] Hate when they call me superstar Do I look like a superstar? Yet unreachable and very far Ever noticed I'm right here wit' ya'll? I cover my face because they do not need to see I ain't no gangsta or no thug, I am just being me The world smells of drama So I cover up my nose The faces like film leavin' out too long, gets overexposed Getting praised by magazines From the girlfriends in my clothes I hope they still love me when I shun away cause I am afraid to blow [Chorus: Pharell] WANT WAR?!! Well! WAR WE'LL GIVE! We'll be rocking this BANDANNA! Well! You/So You CAN'T SEE SHIT! [Pharrell] Now the fear of blowing up Definitely takes it's toll It sends it's demons down to your mind to take control If it thinks it's got my mind It better think again I got the pleasure of the piano and this powerful pen But you (You!) You want fifteen minutes to shine, what's your concept?  What's so interesting? What's your desire? Soon as you get your cover story And your precious headlines So sorry, so sorry, so sorry They'll just fuck you from behind [Chorus: Pharell] WANT WAR?!! Well! WAR WE'LL GIVE! We'll be rocking this BANDANNA! Well! You/So You CAN'T SEE SHIT! [Pharrell] I don't wanna blow up I'm smiling cause I know All the pieces that make me me will glisten from my soul My self-esteem is not a fake It comes from within Come and take a picture, I'll sign whatever you want my friend Still.. (Still..) Still..(Still..) Yeah! ...War [Chorus: Pharell] WANT WAR?!? Well! WAR WE'LL GIVE! We'll be rocking this BANDANA! Well! You/So You CAN'T SEE SHIT! ...WANT WAR!??! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D Album: Fly or Die Song: Thrasher Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro] HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! [Verse 1 - Pharrell] Every once in a while there is some asshole Giving you shit, cause something in his life won't fold Angely, I'd walk away The "peace/piece" offering another day He seems not to wanna trade So he must pay (its the inevitable, it's going down!) [Bridge - Pharrell] He's talking! (fuck him up!) at me (fuck him up!) Instead of! (fuck him up!) to me (fuck him up!) My intellegence! (fuck him up!) sacked me (fuck him up!) But he say's! (fuck him up!) he'll run through me (fuck him up!) [Chorus - Pharrell] (THRASHER!) I'm a (THRASHER!) I'm a (THRASHER!) you ain't know (THRASHER!) That I'm a (THRASHER!) I'm a (THRASHER!) I'm a (THRASHER!) I'm a (THRASHER!) I'm a.. [Verse 2 - Pharrell] Every once in a while there's that same asshole Try to swing and hit, cause the things he can't control And God knows what we'll unfurl Either with or without his girl Cause I browsed down, his fingers curled Like it's his world (its the inevitable, it's going down!) [Bridge] [Chorus] (w/ minor variations) [Verse 3 - Pharrell] Now I know that slime ballers laying out and all But he said things that were so uncalled for But he deserved it (the boy deserved it) And I know your his girl but you should ride wit me Cause I'll show you feelings that you've never seen Keep this rocking it's brown mixed with green (we'll be swervin) [Outro] HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! HO! [Bridge - to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Maybe Typed by: Muati@Juno.com [verse] Love is the egg, see Lid was born in a cloud with silver lining Uh-huh But it broke I mean it hatched on the ground so time flew right by me And while I [chorus] I know you thought that life was gonna be easy when you didn't call You found out you were wrong See, I know you thought your life was gonna be easy You thought you had it all But you found out you were wrong See, maybe, there was something wrong, and you were telling me no wrong See, maybe, the laugh's on me, and life was telling me a joke [verse] Somethings's yours And you let it go If it comes back to you It was yours all along Well, I let you go, along with those lies from you I wouldn't want those lies anew Did the lies just get gone [chorus] See, maybe, there was something wrong, and you were telling me no wrong See, maybe, the laugh's on me, and life was telling me a joke [Pharrell, speaking] Hold it now How do you feel right now Yeah me too Hey Yeah Hold it now You all right See, do you remember what it's like to wake up in her love nest (get it, love nest) And now she's gone - gone, gone, gone At which point you realize life is but a joke, and the laugh's on me That's funny, Right? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: The Way She Dances Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Verse - Pharrell] Unzip your skirt Take off your blouse I hope your toes are painted Cause you gon dance in your undies all over the house When your eyes are closed I hope I'm the man you see (the man you see) Cause if not, I want you to know Tonight I plan to be Is this for me? HO! Slow motion like a dream But real time is what it seems I love the way she dance Slow motion like a dream But real time is what it seems I love the way she dance See I love the way she dance Girl, I love the way you dance [Verse - Pharrell] I am in your aquarium Are you a mermaid or something? Is it possible to marry one? Big tits, fat ass and turquoise skin When your eyes are closed I hope I'm the man you see (the man you see) Cause if not, I want you to know Tonight I plan to be Is this for me? HO! Calling all cars, please arrest her (She's a criminal in my dreams) She just stole my heart (It's an A.P.B.) [Outro - Pharrell] Kissing you, kissing me, it's Euphoria Remission two, remission three It's kissing four of ya (When sparks fly, sparks fly) I think that's love (When sparks fly, sparks fly) Don't you think Close your eyes Hold my hand Concentration No destination Just dance on constellations (When sparks fly, sparks fly) I think that's love (When sparks fly, sparks fly) Don't you think Excuse me But girl come with me See you and I can be each other's company Can't you see (When sparks fly, sparks fly) I think that's love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Chariot of Fire Typed by: eazyndn@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell singing with no beat] Sorry that we took so long You probably thought we forgot your song It makes us smile just so you know To see your eyes at our shows [Verse - Pharrell sings when beat starts] I wrote this song while I was drunk I hope you don't mind that it was wine But you called me and said you didn't want your friends to know But what if you had to go What about then What about then Mildred Excuse me I mean music What about then [Chorus - Pharrell] Sweet chariot of fire Gon' swing us all the way Sing us a song today Awayay, awayay awayay, awayay awayay, awayay awayay Or maybe I'm in your car just driving away And everything's ok [Verse – Pharrell] Float around where there's no need to walk And there's nothing but thoughts and feeling no talk Where there's golden bees and silver birds And dreams are like shootin come true and heard And every moment feels like a spin Mildred I mean, a spin music So what about then Or maybe I'm in your car just driving away And everything's ok [Verse - Pharrell] Where every star flickers bright as sister Just for the whisper commands your love  The bright sun in the sky all the flowers harmonize And that's where your starry eyes will stand above [Pharrell talking] (Mildred x 6) The fuck I mean Mildred How the fuck you gonna tell me it's Mildred (I'm sorry) and not music (Music) Fuck it Or maybe I'm in your car just driving away And everything's ok The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Fly or Die Song: Find My Way Typed by: don_mecca_01@yahoo.com I love you You mean the world to me [Verse 1: Pharrell] Just a minute ago... Just a minute ago... Just a minute ago I said somethings I know That I can't change that But when I just screamed That didn't mean for us to break Break our pact I'm searching for the way back But I'm looking through a peep hole I'm trying to find my way back I wanna be your hero [Verse 2: Pharrell] I'm here, you're there... I'm here, you're there... I'm here, you're there, between us is air But no one is breathing How can this be It's your face I see This is so crazy We're in the same room I love you...forever [Bridge] I don't care what it takes But I know we got to get there We got to get there I can see it now, you and me I know nothing will change If the both if us just sit here If we just sit here C'mon join me girl Can't you see [Chorus 2x and fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams f/ Gwen Stefani Album: In My Mind Song: Can I Have it Like That Typed by: Kaiser1720@comcast.net Ladies and Gentlemen Yes'ir Lets do it Yes'ir Hot...Yo [Verse 1] On and on and my nuts I'm palmin' Take two of these and call me in the mornin You should see the way the chain harness the charm and Fly I'm +Like a Bird+ like Nelly Furtado Shit, pop your bottles, toast and scream cheers Get your two step cause this the record of the year Nigga that brought you Ice Creams, 2 for a pair Officially announcing this is Warfare cuz Back in the day, my clouds was Grey And it seemed liked my angels couldn't blow them away But then I sold my first verse and copped that NSX But I was still ridin in them dead ass jets but now Man my vision so clear out the window of the Leer and I'm Talkin on my celly all the shit that you should hear Listen clearly now.... Hello? Can you hear me now? Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) So drop your purse and grab your hips (Uh huh) And act like you tryin' to get this money right quick So Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) [Verse 2] On and on and this beat is on and  I control their mind from straight over the phone Let 'em explore the words, something like a tourist And never get addicted unless that heady-wop is serious (Yes'ir)From Louisville to Jimmy Choos he's real She know the time, she see the Richard Mille Plat- double skeletal, Tourbillion It just like her body move, it turns her on She like the way my hands use her body for hand warmers And all our car doors go up like +Transformers+ See I can do it this-a-way, I can do it that-a-way From the crib in Virginia to that new Miami getaway So(WOO!)cool it like +New Edition+ unless you hot as you say I get it ok, let it ball away But PLEASE run along, because LADIES is feelin' wrong And I got something right for them right after this song My name is Skate...Board...P Ladies and Gentlemen... Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) So drop your purse and grab your hips (Uh huh) And act like you tryin to get this money right quick So Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) [Verse 3] On and on and, the temperature is warm and I spit heat flashes, niggaz get nauseous Bright as a bitch, so analyze with caution When the light hit the ice, bet 100 that you vomit And should I mention the fact my Transition is the track New accession to the vision just to get me where I'm at? Huh. Little Skateboard, (Come on)he too grown Ridin' up and down Collins in that that new Two Tone It's so cold, you don't wanna feel the chill of it(Uh) Just stand back and just look at the grill of it(Uh) I don't smoke but I bet the sensanel of it  Totally intensifies the vivid ass appeal of it You can be jealous, and grit you teeth (Uh huh) But all these little niggaz got somethin in reach So...You want heat? These niggaz can front heat While I'm on my boat party, tryin' to Sunseat My name is Skate...Board...P Ladies and Gentlemen Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) So drop your purse and grab your hips (Uh huh) And act like you tryin to get this money right quick So Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Can I have it like that? (You got it like that) Hot... Hot... Hot... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams Album: In My Mind Song: How Does it Feel? Typed by: erichollie@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Yessur!..haha..Lil'Skateboard P Hey! Mr.Vener! Ah-huh... Yo... Ola [Pharrell] Millionaire. Club muchacho. Assorted flavors. And they zillatos Inspire young minds. I stack my nachos with the raw determination of a vato Run across the border with bricks in his pancho Face like a shot when it's bussin' by glocko Planted these things. Still I died when the Holy Father hand me my wings When I was young, yo, the teacher couldn't stand when we dreamed Givin' me music like drugs and to hand to a fiend They shoot it up See me on the TV the cuties – they wanna fuck Both residential that's plush and cooped it up Got more hits than a zip. Who want it nuh? I can go back in time you be Judge Ito. With my mini-torpedo I know you're thinking "neat-o!" It would peace the men. It's something like Antigo But it's three hundred thousand more with no re-mo Jacob and Lorraine, I used to deal with Tito But he clowned me and told me that my money's fritos Now the Enzo doors go up like a D-Lo "Ryon"... same song sung by my man Nigo. SLR When the doors go up it's like a fresh L jar Nigga we boss He shall not get hot he too frost. Yessur! My nigga close your eyes. Just picture yourself just holdin' pies Implement a plan and you surely rise. This promised by the man that controls the skies Don't you see I know that shit so ill. Better yet, doggie, just tell me how ya feel Ha-ha.. How you fell dawg?! We just picture, thinkin', dreamin', scheming, bleedin', readin', all in the late night Shake it, boilin', lacin', bakin', shapin', shavin', gotta get this cake right As I serve it, you just burn it, breathe it, learn it, now watch it take flight...  Nigga how does it feel? Ha-ha..Yessur! ) [Pharrell] Nigga you don't know me I'm part Howard Hughes, part horny, part holy First trick on the ramp is the rockin' rollie Keep one on my staff with a new pro chromey It bequeaths me to mention that I've been bitten But affords me to chuckle at what critics have written He dresses insane – but his music admire As and a winner from Vogue and Esquire and Vanity Fair. You like, kid of the year But you should guess who's in the insanity chair Now it ain't about what I want Still thumbin' through my life like it's drugstore porn It's one thing to say that you did it It's one thing to lie about your digits It's one thing to say that you live it It's another for you fuckers to admit it But I admit I got all this paper plus the prettiest faces that's offered by nature I drive a case but 'scuse me Casper wanna meet 'em in my house I got space like NASA But it don't make me happier, by itself, or sadder Or like my sister Stace when she lost her pappa Or Ben dad, getting' a stroke, and nothin' the Trapper John could do It's ironic but true – a man dies, baby born its fair as Peru It's a simple clue between us and imposters We hop in the air and don't care what it costs us Now I'm with N.E.R.D. with a pit full of moshers I guess you could say that we fly like saucers Zappin' at niggaz, we're classin' at vigor the cash and crash whippers, the Thrasher mag gripper go 'head and say it "You a rappin' ass nigga." Yessur! [Pharrell] Yessur! Nigga you don't know me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: Raspy Shit Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Pharrell] Unh... A lil better.. Yep... Lil Skateboard P... haha Yezzur (hot).. yezzur (hot).. yezzur (hot).. yezzur [Verse 1] Ma... the way you holdin on me it's a problem The fuck you tryna end up in the gossip column I know I got jewels like I'm the pharoah of the ghetto But we are and it's a bright ass shiny Carerra Stickin ya feet out the window so they can see ya stillettos Cost a thousand dollars same as ya housing holla Not to mention the wrist and the thirty thousand collar Pussy must be good he's victim to ya power Shit nigga like me I woud never allow it Spit that shit to me I would ask you "have you showered?" You wanna get up in my boat and ride Take pictures wit the kid up in Ocean Drive Go to Castatuas and sip on Calouas At the bar talkin to other women about the best jewelers You like that huh? Smilin still Call ya girlfriend (why?) you fell asleep at the wheel Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit And don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit Tryna ask me shit... c'mon [Verse 2] I walk in brashest certainly the crassest The restaurant's classes the owner is asses Shit my money green like the helmet of a fascist So what you want-- Patron or Petrucia glasses? Ain't no mystery his daughter know the history And every night we toast like it's victory-- get wit me And I ain't changed since my early mental I been snackin on shrimp and sippin on Shirley Temples No drug to drinkin-- what you want? No seriously what you thinkin? Since the Yukon Never puffed a J you can ask Loushawn Back when he pushed beige like it was coupons Wit a house full of dames like it was Moulin I would ask they names but they would only do Shawn And I ain't sayin they regret it but fuck it they do Cuz if they could reverse time nigga what would they do? Huh? Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit And don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit Tryna ask me shit... c'mon [Verse 3] Honeys Panamanian eyes like Iranian Lighter than the blue of the sky of the day we in Ass like a volleyball the kind that make ya dick hard Head to the hustlers so sweet she could get cars Now she here with me Lil Skateboard P Cheaper than the sound of a bird that chirps I spit then I hit then I murk-- yezzur A flick chico stick and a twix that's her She admire how the champion live How I signed Slim Thug wit a ramp in my crib I'm a champion I do as the champions did Except I improve wit the new and the rest get rid But some of y'all don't like that it's easy tryna bite back Instead of sayin hi gettin fly but I'll be right back My dude got the steel if you think you fly Shoot the wings off ya ego and watch you skydive.. yezzur Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit Don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit *scratch* raspy shit And don't try to come up on my ear talkin all that raspy shit Tryna ask me shit... c'mon (music to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: Best Friend Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Yeah, ye...spit my gum out right now...haha What up world? Got my inspiration in the studio with me, right?...feelin' good Got a lot to smile about, ahaha, talk to y'all niggas...yessur, hey [Verse 1] My best friend say I'm bottled up, I need a fucking therapist But I can't think of nobody I wanna share this with Why should I open up on somebody else's carelessness... [cork pops] There goes the top, nigga, so here it is Mama workin' all day, Daddy out in the streets Imagine 10 years old full of doubt and defeat Growing up around criminals, with clout and deceit My grandma Loucelle used to tell me, you about what you wheap She used to help me with my homework, addiction-subtraction Added faith to my life and doubt got subtracted Wanna skip ya mind from crying better learn something, son You be beatin' on my couches, why don't you try hit the drums Look, oo you see me ma They wish they could be me ma As I got better, her body was eaten by Luchimia Seventh grade, it was cursed and sad But the gift within it, was when I first met Chad But even Chad could tell you that my Christmas was jinxed Cause grandma Loucelle died on 12th 19th I can't help but wonder, what kind of black cloud I was under Cause 15 years later the other died that summer...bummer My best friend told me, you be actin' tough, that's fine But the weight of the world can really crush one's mind So let it out P (what), let it out P (what) let it out P (what), let it out P (what) See, you wont even know you hurt sometimes until you in conversation it comes out in a line so let it out P (what), let it out P (what), let it out P (what), my nigga let it out [Verse 2] Aye yo, 10 21 Atlantis drive, nigga was action packed That's Atlantis appartments, we live in half the back That's where the 12 year olds there, they be flashing crack And when they shoot you nigga, they ain't tryna pass it back Aye yo, Diggy, Fleet and Marvian can you imagine that? The place we love the most, the hood was built to smash us flat But I escaped cause I chased, what made me passion that Now I got my skate team and spit these acid raps So many niggas will rise So many them niggas try So many them niggas ended up duck-taped and tied So many them same niggas, man they moms eyes cry So, they just got older, still on the corner with they pride Well let me tell niggas something, I'm so glad you alive Long as you got a breathe, a pulse, nigga strive Divine intervention this is I heard a voice nigga, listen to this [Verse 3] Jesus will arrange it, but Jesus wont change it Hold yourself responsible, on yourself you blame it You mad, nigga don't articulate in Sanskrit, I.E. we best friends, speak best friends language I'm a happy nigga, you can't approach me in anguish Whoever said anything worth working for would be painless Can't be mad at the world cause you and your girl ain't famous Cause you both on bate, BBC and chainless Also your rangless, therefore switch laneless Now you brainless, dangerous, cause you pull out the stainless All of sudden you smart, now you do something hainess First time you get caught, now your ass is famous No longer chainless, and the bus switching lanes is a bad look Yo girl with ya man sellin' laneless, Stop Nigga rewind and reverse slides 3 times Reassess your thinking and trust me it'll be fine First pitcure your goal, and repeat 'It'll be mine' Or fuck it nigga, just keep imagine killin' me fine Now you, scrunching your face tryna ace attainment When you should be tryna find a place to base your shame, nigga Success is taingeable, don't wait for fame I thought you would receive it better if I ain't say ya name You unsure of yourself, sit still and think Review those actions if it fit, put your name in the blank Star Track, is who we are [x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: You Can Do it Too Typed by: punt67@yahoo.com [Intro] My nigga you can do it too (turn me up, turn me up) You can do it too My nigga you can do it too You can do it too You can do it too (Just tellin you, ya know?) [Verse 1] Aiyyo Never in a million years I'll imagine I'll get my thrills By listening to squeals of PJ wheels As we land I duck down, I stick my head up my dick is being sucked down, by a bitch named what now I look in her eyes, and her eyes are like an orange stars Look at the reflection of my foreign car by R & R I stick my feet out, you know the bapes that's made of eel You know the new checks with nigo face right on the heel I was a marching band, I was a skateboader Jesus made wine, I couldn't make water Ox-moronic, I'm here to destroy all you hate hoarders You niggaz were cool in school now you niggaz take orders I'm not dissin your job But now you listen and nod Some mount the limit shit, I know this position is odd Don't Gasp for air You can turn blue Look, accel nigga trust me you can do it You can do it too young blood You can do it too young love Just watch what you do young blood And watch whose in your crew young blood It don't matter if you do drugs, And even if you threw slugs You can do it too young blood I did you can do it too [Verse Two] I know niggaz are like there's no returning when I bought that white five-fifth So white that the coke heads just might try sniff I ordered the phatom coupe, that's smoke pipe grey And the interior was like crack white beige At least that's what it looked like when it was on that page I combed the whole brochure and it did not say, oh well Life's a bitch but not too extreme Life's got a fat ass, Trust me I'ma fuck full steam I make the world cream and scream, while I'm gettin my cream I'm coming to america call me Prince Akeem, yessir It's kinda weird, 'cause this I dream Kinda prophetic ya get it 'cause this I seen These type of visions, since I's teen I told my teacher what I saw, she said I missed byzine Laughed with the class with the slightest clue You be buying my shit, and I be rappin to you, but you can do it too [Verse Three] I know you heard the story about the dude with the attitude Pharrell he don't even know you but he mad at you He got robbed and it seems he has a huge He's frustrated and that it all he has is you So, things propel and things excel The next the a bing comes out the barrell And my man they accused him of sittin tight up in jail Ironic he close my man luke can hear him yell I ain't do it but somebody dropped him flat I felt the wind from it, that was God cocking back I got a call from Virginia grandma went back The line was fluctuated but it just now went flat See her body went down and her soul went up She sent angels around me so evil could not touch I don't lie no more and I'm haunted when I fuck Wealthy niggaz with a conscience, yeah you know what's up The wires across, and it's breeding a plague The conscience is hungry, and it's eating away Trying to make sense of it, but it's speedy in vain Up all night with the books and you read till the day But still ya house of diddy 'cause you got a little paper Push a cat in the corner, trust me it's the nature Never underestimate the-things you do Read your verse too, inhale the "oo", and go [Man Singing] Don't be afraid to look up the sky {*8X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Slim Thug Album: In My Mind Song: Keep it Playa Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Slim Thug) + (Pharrell) Say P, man the other day foolin at the club Mane wit this broad or whateva I walk in see her talkin talkin to some dude or whateva You know what I'm sayin, so I holla at her I say "Ay man check this out, man I seen ya over there hollin at ole boy, I ain't hatin on that You know what I'm sayin, but I got a friend comin through too So when you se her, don't trip, you know what I'm sayin Keep it playa man, you know what I'm sayin" So my broad show up or whateva man (Word) This girl wanna try and take a swing at her man (Turn that shit up) (That ain't right, this my man favorite record right here) (Haha, yessir, beat that shit) [Verse 1 - Pharrell] Before you say, it's cheaper to keep her, we consider and read her Man she might be the type that won't pea you the feeder She wants a little cheeba, a lil margarita Man them drawls comin off, when she see the two-seater So put ya Porsche up, get ya divorce up I'm sure she'll sign it when she see me pull my doors up Man them mansions on the water, motherfuck a hill She through her heels in the ocean, so she stuck to chill The truck is steel, hopin somethin between ya And now she laughin how she took yo ass to the cleaners Man I'm on ya side, not tryna inconviene ya Just now we get them million keys, and them plastic ninas So keep it playa dawg, don't make me say it all Do something drastic, know that plastic's everywhere dawg If it ain't music, all this money, I don't play at all And she ain't either, so that mean she doesn't weigh it all [Chorus - Pharrell] Now we can both post sip, and keep it playa mayne (yup) Now we can both pull the misses, keep it playa mayne (uh huh) Or we could both right our wrists, and keep it playa mayne (yup) Or you could scram cock sucker, if you'se a hater mayne I keep them ladies goin.... Uh.... Uh.... Uh.... (uh) .... Uh.... Uh.... Uh.... (haha) .... Uh.... Uh.... Uh.... (yup) .... Uh.... Uh.... Uh.... [Verse 2 - Slim Thug] I'm a grown man, Thug ain't the one that play no games witchu Thug the one to call, to come get off the chain witchu And hang witchu, when you full of Patrone And oh yeah, brain wanna get two partners alone (That's right) Because I'm only 25, and still going live Got the estate by the pool, by the lake outside I wake up, and gotta pick which car I'ma drive The Double R 760, or the 645 I'm, having thangs mayne check out the chain Money ain't never been a thang, you see the watch and the ring Rocks the nicest, never seen none like this I'ma boss, I don't ask what it cost, my life priceless Baby girl you might just, get the share this shine Long as you not selfish, and learn to share some times And of course I'm still yours, and you're still mine But you can't be a hater mayne, gotta keep it playa mayne [Verse 3 - Pharrell] You don't stop, they say J.Lo {???} show her ass and all Knowin the worst thing could happen, is a nigga could palm Now my agent saying the only way that he could be calm I put a hundred mil on each arm, like my name was LeBron What, not the ice, my beats is worth more The track is like a whole damn Jacob Store See niggaz hate you more, when they take they broad But his girl looked at my hands, seen a "Matrix" door What, jewels is foolish, they hues is {???} I mean the smurfs look green, the rocks are so bluish You can't out bling me, or BBC jean me You ain't got no vought, you can go and ask Me-Me I think and relay it (uh), I blink and PJ it (uh) You wanna make fast bucks, take this and e-Bay it And all you Phantom owners know you can't stand me Got one in Virgina, 'nother one in Miami, yessir The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Snoop Dogg Album: In My Mind Song: That Girl Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Pharrell] We do this in our sleep nigga.. Yezzur... [Snoop Dogg] Yeah... Ever been in love before?... I wanna holla at you ma... You know it's hard for a playa to admit this sometime... But I'ma spit that sometimes... Y'knowhatI'msayin?... P give it to me one time nephew [Bridge][Pharrell + Charlie Wilson] There's somethin bout this girl and... from around my way Ever try to hold back your feelings... but it just wouldn't stay But when I finally found the words to say I wanted to run away... simply run away... ohhh [Hook][Pharrell] You can try to run and hide, it won't make a difference You can lie to yourself, or try to reason Sure it hurts when it comes to your attention That you're in love with the girl [Pharrell] Yes sir.. thats her But it wasn't like that back when I met her The lavish life from all the dough spun Before the double R had to hitchhike thumb Her friends didn't like niggaz like us But I a-rrested the coochie and her feelings got cuffed Spider web sex musta got caught up But it's more to it I remember once Sayin "lets shit on the peance Let's go to Vegas and watch Celine Dion" make 'em say "what we on?" You say no like you was doin it for eons Fuck it I just hum and let the watch give off the neons When it rains it pours I laugh to myself when I change the store You said my sex was a lot but my brain gave you more And somethin bout how ya ex was a toy... I guess he played games It's only diamond dice here not tryin to justify When you shut ya eye you can touch the sky You in trouble ma and you should pray about speed But if that's bout you what that say about me? [Bridge][Pharrell + Charlie Wilson] But when I finally found the words to say I wanted to run away simply run away... ohhh [Hook][Pharrell] You can try to run and hide, it won't make a difference You can lie to yourself, or try to reason Sure it hurts when it comes to your attention That you're in love with the girl [Snoop Dogg] See I'm a crip in dark blue Chucks And I does what I does yeah I might say "cuzz" It's really weird cause a nigga got love Snoop Dogg's a crip and the girl was a blood She told me that her baby daddy was a thug Now it is what it is and it was not was I'm hot at lil mama like what Monday Morn stack tryna get my cheese back All these memories breed seed to the rhythm rhyme pleaser Lay back while we sippin on a breezer Fresh four pack sittin in the freezer Ain't that Kadija I heard she was a skeezer She used to hit them licks wit the visas When I seen her wit the homies I was like "Jesus" It's been a little minute since I seen her Hope her man don't run up cause I'll have to pull the nina [Bridge][Pharrell + Charlie Wilson] There's somethin bout this girly... from around my way Ever try to hold back your feelings... but it just wouldn't stay But when I finally found the words to say I wanted to run away... simply run away... ohhh [Hook][Pharrell] You can try to run and hide, it won't make a difference You can lie to yourself, or try to reason Sure it hurts when it comes to your attention That you're in love with the girl There's somethin bout this girl and... (to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams Album: In My Mind Song: (She's An) Angel Typed by: Kaiser1720@comcast.net  [Pharrell talking] Hahaha I don't know why these niggaz don't see what I see in you girl BAD girl Haha, yup (Yeahhhh yeahhheeaahh) [Verse 1] She got an ass like loaf of bread Make you want a slice But she's the girl you take her home to mother But she dont want ya bread Brother, ya betta think twice (twice) See, ya can see the heat I will be her butter She's an angel She's the girl, I want to share my dreams She's an angel I don't care if she can't fly over things Ohhh She's an angel I don't care if ya can't see her wings Watch her flyyyyyyyy, yeah, muhfucka ohhh oh [Verse 2] She's in my dreams when I sleep (yeahhh, yeah) (Whoa oh) But when I wake she's gone so I weep (yeahhh, yeah) She's an angel She's the girl, I want to share my dreams She's an angel I don't care if she can't fly over things Ohhh She's an angel I don't care if ya can't see her wings Watch her flyyyyyyyy, yeah, muhfucka ohhh oh [Pharrell talking] Hello, hey Ma I love you too I'm just nervous about this girl What do you think I should do? I'm talking to her I'm here with her dad You sure? I'm do it now [Verse 3] Ding, Dong Father can she hang with me tonight To go to the mall (Whoa oh) I won't touch ya girl in your sight Dont you see at all She's an angel She's the girl, I want to share my dreams She's an angel I don't care if she can't fly over things Ohhh She's an angel I don't care if ya can't see her wings Watch her flyyyyyyyy, yeah, muhfucka ohhh oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Jay-Z Album: In My Mind Song: Young Girl Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com (You know) (you know listen to me) Mama help I fell in love with a young girl (thats true, so true) (you're the only girl I love to) My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world (so true, so true, listen) I wasn't tryin to lead her on See I didn't wanna be alone But when she smiles she braught me home So I braught her home, Its not that the fealin of love is gone Cant expect a car little girl to be grown I cant give a fuck what so and so says Crushes hurt both ways What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do Mama help I fell in love with a young girl! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young Young girl, so in love with you The single girls are out tonight But you have one word, my heart, one life And I'm not lookin around So why you lookin down (what you lookin down for?) I fucked up a long time ago See I should have never let you know See I couldnt give a fuck what tabloids say (as the people magazine) And crushes hurt both ways What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do Mama help I fell in love with a young girl! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you [Jay-Z] Hove got a young girl Hove got a young girl Still not quite 21 So high string Such a vibrant thing I introduce myself, (hi miss thing) You're 19? No, you're lighting in a bottle I give you a ring tomorrow The scene that follows Screams of horror Classic Steven King novel Mamma dont think you should take someone so advanced in romance You should just wait Pappa dont preach Hove dont bight Hopin threw it I might mo your life Cuz ima show you right Proper etecit how to hold your knife Keep it competetive with Opras ?ice? Be like Janet (take controll of your life) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (young girl) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (young girl) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (young girl) Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do (young girl) Mama help I fell in love with a young girl! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (to young, I'm never to young) Young girl, so in love with you (cuz I'm never to young) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (to young, I'm never to young) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (cuz I'm never to young) What on earth, what I'm suppose to do (to young, I'm never to young) Somebody tell me what I'm suppose to do (cuz I'm never to young!) My heart was soakin and I will be in a young world! What on earth, what I'm suppose to do Young girl, so in love with you (this is where the story begins baby) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: I Really Like You Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com [Verse 1] There were flashing lights when we met Not the typical place you would be In a flash of time my mind was set I knew you were the girl there for me [Bridge] And though you just wanted to leave Imagine how great it could be The F-U-T-U-R-E (spells the future girl) Sit down hold your horses don't leave (where you going girl?) Come and sit with me don't be so quick to leave (please) I really like you girl (girl, girl) Let's trade thoughts and words explore the universe (verse) But just don't leave me girl (girl, girl) I really like you girl (girl) girl (girl) From the moment (the moment) that we met (we met) I really like you girl (girl) oh girl (girl) And I know (I know) this is it (this is it) [Verse 2] Against the wall is where ya lean The most beautiful girl that I've seen Out of this world my God you bling I'm surprised that you are a human being [Bridge] And though you just wanted to leave Imagine how great it could be The F-U-T-U-R-E (spells the future girl) Sit down hold your horses don't leave (where you going girl?) [harmonica solo; music] Yo... I think I got the one now (uh-huh) Never me man never me... never in a million years (uh-huh) But I do... Haha... Whoo! [music to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams Album: In My Mind Song: Take if Off (Dim the Lights) Typed by: dappaute@hotmail.com We've just been laughin' Chattin' but nothins happened Cuz I promise I'll be gentle I know your mind is travelin' I can tell you want some I know you wanna come in my arms (my arms) (you want some) Take it off now girl, take it off (I'm a master, baby wit'cha bra) Take it off now girl, take it off (I can help you slide those panties off) Take it off now girl, take it off (Damn, that bootie's so soft) Take it off now girl, take it off (It feels so good in my palms) Dim the lights down baby, dim the lights We gon' double your heart great form lady, just dim the lights (...I'm a beat the pussy like you never ever felt before) Dim the lights down baby, just dim the lights We gon' double your heart great form lady, just dim the lights (...I'm a beat the pussy like you never ever felt before) You breathe while your laughing Smiling at what just happened I try to keep it simple Cuz I know that you're old fashion You wanna be wild (wanna be wild) You don't wanna be tamed (don't wanna be tamed) Even though you're just a prize, (just a prize) You wanna come again (you wanna come again) Take it off now girl, take it off (I'm a master, baby wit'cha bra) Take it off now girl, take it off (I can help you slide those panties off) Take it off now girl, take it off (Damn, that bootie's so soft) Take it off now girl, take it off (It feels so good in my palms) Dim the lights down baby, dim the lights We gon' double your heart great form lady, just dim the lights (...I'm a beat the pussy like you never ever felt before) Dim the lights down baby, just dim the lights We gon' double your heart great form lady, just dim the lights (...I'm a beat the pussy like you never ever felt before) Take it off now girl, take it off (I'm a master, baby wit'cha bra) Take it off now girl, take it off (I can help you slide those panties off) Take it off now girl, take it off (Damn, that bootie's so soft) Take it off now girl, take it off (It feels so good in my palms) Dim the lights down baby, dim the lights We gon' double your heart great form lady, just dim the lights (...I'm a beat the pussy like you never ever felt before) Dim the lights down baby, just dim the lights We gon' double your heart great form lady, just dim the lights (...I'm a beat the pussy like you never ever felt before) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: Stay With Me Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro] [Verse 1 - Pharrell] You're that girl [Who] thinks the world Is somethin beautiful And that's all baby But your lookin for a brawn with shed upon the wrong star Cause it don't know That's not how it goes So, I can't explain, why things are made the same and others change He made it that way But the perplexities of world Leaves more oysters and pearls And I don't know It's just the way it goes (But I know you can) Stay with me Lock the door Take the key Hide yours Feel the bate Hear the choice Hear the choice Hear the choice (Hey!) [Verse 2 - Pharrell] Don't take the time To relax your mind So unusual (ooh baby) But your priorities are disheveled But your emotions and your health just don't go Your body says no, So- I can't conceive That leaves will grow on trees in loweth degrees and comeback next spring But the perplexities of life Brings more days that bore new skies So whose to know, possible (that you could) [Verse 3 - Pharrell] Up, up and away I be the wind that blows yourself The pixie dust of tinkerbell Up, up and away I be the wind beneath your wings Living color comes with you [Pusha T Verse] Baby let's it pour it up Let them galardo doors up Pat eve for them Louis as soon as the tours up The million dollar frame is his and her the same I took it on the chin when I heard about the lame I ain't here to try to rewrite your past (Naw) That don't measure up to the nights that we laughed When considering love you take the Good with the bad I've been disappointed by every bitch I ever had Either she was dick crazy or cheddar mad Shame what they did for them jeans and them leather bags Reverse it I want perfect That was half the reason I bought half them purses That chapter is over, it was worth it, my My new angel surface, she ain't have to rehearse ,My baby's real (Yep) That's why I put the chill on her So good make a nigga wanna kneel on her, not yet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams f/ Nelly Album: In My Mind Song: Baby Typed by: big.yang@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Excuse I'm takin' to you...hey... [Pharrell talking] Aye girl, I just want to talk to you for a minute...Ow [Verse 1 - Pharrell] Manolo pumps is tappin' and your lips stick's red (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) Your Louis purse and I just think I love your hair (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) Meet me in the hallways where the bathrooms are (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) Can you drive a stick I wanna know I'll be your car (wooo) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (Baby) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Excuse me I'm talkin to you...hey [Verse 2 - Pharrell] I can imagine havin my arms around you back (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) And I can imagine your heart beat pumpin through your chest (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) I hope it goes beep beep, beep beep, beep beep (ooh girl) beep beep, beep beep, Excuse me I'm talking' you (hey) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (Baby) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Excuse me I'm talkin to you...hey [Verse 3 - Nelly] As I look through the crowd of the pupils into ya pupils Yea boo I see you too, Damn right I wanna do you too In ya eyes I can tell what you thinkin' Why ain't we somewhere hot for the weekend Seafood eatin', I heard you like Red Lobster You the type might like to sun bathe Jump off the yacht and jet ski the runway I give it to you like (uhh) Wanna moan and scream out (baby) Do the things that will make you say (uhh) Damn right I spoils my (baby) It ain't nuttin to me I'm (uhh) +billion doller boy+ type (baby) [Hook] Girl you ain't gotta close your eyes or wish real hard or click your heels (your heels) I can make everything that you feel be real (yea) [Chorus 2X] I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (Baby) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Excuse me I'm talkin to you...hey [Beat fades, Pharrell Talking] Can I splash you with uh, champagne Um, you wanna roll up a 100 dollar bill and use it as a straw Bye baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: Our Father Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Our Father, Which art in heaven Im so grateful Of all the beautiful things That you are allowing me to see Birds, Bees The ability to do what I do The opportunities I know you love me now And i think it's time And my duty, to tell the world (jesus is my daddy I'm tellin' you, oh) ... don't let me fall You watch for who I'm friends with I got tattoos, you forgive me You know I'm so sensitve You know I'm chased by women You know mt mind is drivin' To you my heart is givin'...oowww You're the greatest You're the greatest (wow wow) you're the greatest (Jesus is my daddy I'm telling you) Your're the greatest Don't let me fall They don't understand What you do for me (do foe me) And nothing by my actions They don't I believe (I believe) Not talking 'bout what I wear When i drivin' where I sleep I mean the ability to hear, feel and sleep Thank you for my brothers Thank you for my daddy (daddy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Kanye West Album: In My Mind Song: Number 1 Typed by: sinistaboy@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Kanye West] & (Pharrell) World's... world's... world's famous (2X) Your now listenin to (girl) Skateboard P and the Louis Vuitton Don (I'm back) It's so unfair so unreasonable Let's go [Verse 1 - Pharrell] & (Kanye) I musta hurt your feelings (come on) Your temper hit the ceiling You know I wanna talk to you (get em P) Oh girl come on (come on) But to maintain this livin (come on come on) God knows it's not given (come on) You know I got a lots to do (let's take em up) Oh girl come on (come on) I know this part ain't pretty (come on come on) But you know I been busy (yeah) Thats why I can't talk long on the phone (uh huh) Oh girl come on (come on) So honey if you with me (come on come on) Know I'll look for your pretty (yeah) Face to smile when I get home And when we make love you know it's gon' be amazin (yeah) Cause you're my [Chorus - Pharrell] & (Kanye) Number 1 (baby girl you and me) Smash hit (thats a hit to me) Off the charts (look how she get to me) Classic (she may not be nothin to you but she the shit to me) Soon as I'm done (tell me how you love that) I'm dashin (number 1 can't put nothin above that) Home to hold your heart (you deserve a verse from me) And smash it (we gon' party like it's our anniversary) Go [Verse 2 - Pharrell] & (Kanye) Didn't I just tell ya (yo) That you're my Cinderella (get em P) My dream ball ain't fixed one sight (come on) Oh girl come on (come on come on) Baby.. you know I'd rather be where you are (world's famous) You are my shining star But last night that just wasn't right Oh girl come on (come on come on) I know this part ain't pretty (come on) But you know I been busy Thats why I can't talk long on the phone (the international) It's hard for you baby girl come on (world's famous) So honey if you with me (yeah) Know I'll look for your pretty (everybody) Face to smile when I get home (I need you to sing along with me) And when we make love you know it's gon' be amazin (this part right here it's comin up check it out) Cause you're my (everybody say) [Chorus - Pharrell] & (Kanye) (2X) Number 1 (baby girl you and me) Smash hit (thats a hit to me) Off the charts (look how she get to me) Classic (she may not be nothin to you but she the shit to me) Soon as I'm done (tell me how you love that) I'm dashin (number 1 can't put nothin above that) Home to hold your heart (you deserve a verse from me) And smash it (we gon' party like it's our anniversary) Go [Verse 3 - Kanye West] Yesterday I was half the man you see Baby thats because you the other half of me You my number 1 hit on the line of the charts I'mma +FedEx+ my love and have you +sign+ for my heart For my number 1 I keep ya dumb fly Fresh to death you like after death I resurrected my gold Jesus of Nazareth Now we +Fresh+ as a +Prince+ while they +Jazzy Jeff+ And you don't be sayin shit when they askin questions A-a-and you be givin me my space a-a-and You don't be runnin on +myspace+ a-a-and You know some other shit I hate w-w-what W-w-when they violate b-but Tonight man I ain't in the mood for it Don't matter who or you or look how ya co-or Dinated man that's my favorite I love the way that it [Chorus - Pharrell] & (Kanye) Number 1 (fits on you) Smash hit (girl that's the shit on you) Off the charts (look how she get to me) Classic (she may not be nothin to you but she the shit to me) Soon as I'm done (t-tell me how you love that) I'm dashin (number 1 can't put nothin above that) Home to hold your heart (you deserve a verse from me) And smash it (we gon' party like it's our anniversary) Number 1 (come on come on) Smash hit (you're my number 1 girl) (come on) Off the charts Classic (you're my number 1 girl) (come on) Soon as I'm done (come on come on) I'm dashin (you're my number 1 girl) (come on) Home to hold your heart And smash it (you're my number 1 girl) (take em up) [Outro - Kanye] & (Pharrell) World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) World's... world's... world's famous (you're my number 1 girl) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Lauren Album: In My Mind Song: Skateboard P Presents: Show You How to Hustle Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro:] yo uh-huh yessir turn everything up some more the drums you know, the music and shit (holla back) I'm goin for it now (holla back) yessir (holla back) hey yo [Verse 1:] in the heart of a re-up, its sumthin like a g-up M-C-A fingering that b-up or that c-up fiends creep up with their flesh lookin beat up and my tennis ball is stuffed with enough work to fill a tea cup he opened up his jacket, I opened up my packet he pulled out his money, I'm pullin out that honey he stuff it in his stem* soon as he took it from me yellow teeth chaffed lips and his nose is runny he lit that shit, he hit that quick as if I was high I asked him where them bricks at, shit he smiled as if he was payin homege he said in the back of the apartment where they be selling ganja but beware of the AK held by HM Thomas son gotta keep him high in them bottoms or some old pyjamas I said shiiit ma nigga take another hiiit we ran up in that crib with them Uzis and them Sigs give up the work or we tyin up the kids did I get that work? what you think, yes I did I didn't, actually that wasnt true and if you aspire to hustle thats a how-to to you [stem-thin glass tube used for smoking crack] [Chorus:] this that shit make you wanna hustle carry square guns shootin metal wit muffles trunk full of cash wit a couple of duffles so we can sip wine and eat a bundle of truffles We gonna show you how to hustle (holla back) so you can style all these sneakers (holla back) so you can style all these sneakers (ya follow that) so you can style all these sneakers (well follow dis) [Verse 2:] its incredible how I etch my plans out to be physically subtle and financially stand out you should see me stick that big S on my anso* and literally call destructure so no one can touch ya teenage girls'll love ya and models wanna fuck ya ice cream ya way on to somebodys magazine cover so much money that the lid threatens eruption and the bank says you dont have to call like you're Usher and I ain't kill or sell drugs to nobody but I know niggas that kill and stretch work like pilates nigga the crack house was literally right beside me when them fiends hit that shit they kicked jus like karate we named one bruce lie one slim kelly who issued too much quicker than luis rank and m belly yeah I escaped but theres nothing you can tell me cause thought I paperchase my memories won't fail me [anso-type of gun belt] [Chorus:] this that shit make you wanna hustle carry square guns shootin metal wit muffles trunk full of cash wit a couple of duffles so we can sip wine and eat a bundle of truffles We gonna show you how to hustle (holla back) so you can style all these sneakers (holla back) so you can style all these sneakers (ya follow that) so you can style all these sneakers (well follow dis) [Verse 3:] in the hood wake up to the hammer noise sound like the work of my jerks the swagger boys pull up and them eyes wide open stack of toys if your girl want to leave with us thats her choice the feelin throbbin I got it and poppin phenomanal nigga signed a million dollar cheque wit his pyjamas on film it like a porno no need to re-word it nigga the enzo jus came and I aint have to jerk it yeah niggas you heard it the perversion of stars I guess if I go in my garage it'd be a menage niggas cant hate on this like summer in '84 when we high off potato chips new cript and florida were the soul core corridors yes them babies mine, fuck I need to go on my reefa rewire my brain, aspire to attain tell jacob light on the platinum keep the fire in the chain yikes I mean ice on the motherfucker gleam I guess if my ice is fire it leave you niggas stinged see theres you theres me and theres between if you remove the between you see I achievin you dreams [Chorus:] this that shit make you wanna hustle carry square guns shootin metal wit muffles trunk full of cash wit a couple of duffles so we can sip wine and eat a bundle of truffles We gonna show you how to hustle (holla back) so you can style all these sneakers (holla back) so you can style all these sneakers (ya follow that) so you can style all these sneakers (well follow dis) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Album: In My Mind Song: Swagger International (Japan Bonus Track) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Yes yes sir Little message He thinks combustible therefore his spits' explosive Reverse eyes moses landed him close with Them unfuckable Mrs. Glamour ain't so glitz His checks unsmudgeable the shit is so rich Forget magazines cop his album from go-gets $2500 bapes of ostrich all that double are talk Shut the fuck up it's all shit Where's your sunroof homie you rocking the oh shit 400 years later and we still in chains And it ain't just in your brain fucked look at me man You could put your house up and still kill you out your range I accesorize in multi million dollar things While my niggas generated where they still holla Cane Still holla bang still holla slang And when it happen du all I can do is get in my car And get it cracking du and I'll be laughing too Me and this black girl that listen to Gwen Stefani Prosciutto mozzarella vinegar at Chip Brianis Her girl when she want to knows if I had her But that don't matter bitch I got swagger Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Aye yo you niggas pretenders you ain't big spenders Narcissists full of shit and pretentious You have no purpose so that means that you're pointless She wants to smoke but your stupid shit is joint less Okay blunt less she's walking away now your bitch is cuntless Trust me you don't want this 'Cause I could read you and your type of people No one wants to be you 'cause all the fucks leave you Me I get rid of them 'cause I don't wanna get at them You finger fuck them and you think that you did something Yeah I know her and I only had to fuck something We walking back in the room and your face like "Did I miss something" Sold most of my cars I couldn't make sense to the fact That once I got that thing I wanted to ride in the back I'm not trying to say that driving that is whack But two seats that's impossible now where is riding that The Rolexes got a shining grill with the diamonds here So the light can play tetris Don't say my chain is sick say it's infectious Fuck bringing Neosporin when the hero is touring The chains chilling like it's below zero snoring The poochie bucket the Louie luggage The scarf is bunny my spirit's so sunny Niggas call them out 'cause my thoughts turn to money The swagger swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international I try to be strategic like a warrior Man they young warrior shit is what you know me for My mind's a rap city my heart is like an overture None before me none after I'm the only for sure Man you nothing like me you want to call me for sure I sell suggestive lifestyle you sell homie couture Ha ha never a runway for my clothing line Strictly PJ runways occasional ocean line In my aid to Bahamas and the coast is fine I let the wind hit my watch I had to blow some time See my ears rock n roll my money's no sublime From these sherbet ice creams with a dose of lime I'm strictly Shirley Temple Nigo wants to toast with wine Cheers bitch it can't let you niggas gross my mind With your low ambition and no damn vision Black and white ideas with no precision My mind is like a diamond producing colors like a prism With no knowledge or understanding How the fuck you gonna reach wisdom My mind is reasoning outlast ink and pens If you niggas think you know me niggas think again The swagger swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international Swagger swagger international The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams Album: In My Mind Song: Maybe (Remix) Typed by: Kaiser1720@comcast.net * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Maybe {original} bridge plays fast; "Hold it now" scratches] Hold it now Ya'll hear that? H-H-H-Hold it now H-H-H-Hold it now H-H-H-Hold it now [Beat changes to Maybe {Remix}] [Pharrell talking] Yup This is for all of the consors of fine rhyme you know? I dug deep in the cellars of my mind for this I love y'all niggaz I just wanna air some things out Dear Hip-Hip, ya know? Dear Hip-Hop Dear Hip-Hop: [Verse 1] I got a cult following, N*E*R*D is far from Pop G No radio, light spins since the video drop see I'm the turbion of this shit, like Mozart and Bach B I'm-ma show you niggaz what time it is, niggaz watch me My falsetto been hot, like the Sopranos five seasons Alto beats +Grindin+ soundin like +Frontin'+, Niggaz is reachin' I pimped across that stage nigga tipsy off that reason Snatch that Grammy, when I joke I call it G-Thing Ask Robin Leach. How many V-somthins up in my fortress Like Russle Crowe in +Gladiator+, so many fucking horses Porsches, ??? thats white, I call it Ghost Phantom named Nightmare, night scares people the most I introduce BAPE to the world, 400 nigga out fast Favorite group White Stripe, R. Kelly, Kanye and Outcast A R&B producer, I was sittin on the shelf A Ralph Laurenic nerd then Noreaga gave me help But my samples wouldn't clear, and I couldn't rock a wig And they didn't have pimp cups, and dancin wasn't my gig But shoulder brushin, blazers and trucker hats I did And the only niggaz I ain't work with was Tupac and Big Ha ha You and me BAPE, Ice Cream and BBC (Yup) Just because we skate down the road (Niggaz) Don't mean we can't slam Phantom Doors (Bitches) You and me BAPE, Ice Cream and BBC Just because we skate down the road ( love y'all man) Don't mean we can't slam Phantom Doors (You have no idea) [Verse 2] Now er'body keep asking me about Kelis She's dope with or without me til I die thats what I speak I never run to the tabloids and run around here grinnin' I'm a peaceful, Rolls Royce drivin' black John Lennon psychedelic beats, medals on my Solder jacket Fuckin the baddest bitches in fashion, niggaz could you imagine? Ma, why you even breathin? Why you even talkin'? Put my Big Bang in your Black Hole, I'm Stephen Hawkins If the mind is full of water, can you believe I'm walkin' On your thoughts trust me niggaz what I've achieved is awesome Mind readers you think you know me, proceed with caution Ohup! Eternal sunshine of a spotless mind you lost him I cried when my grandma died, Bob says Josh says If Josh short for Jesus, then I'll sing what Bob says Oh small diamonds are blahsay blahsay Remember 20 carot soilitares can not be paveyed And while my heart has lots of scars hidden My beats is star ridden, givin trucks and jeeps and cars rythem Accompanied by 40 bars spittin, not from the prospective of Nasism But as N*E*R*D goes as I start peni-trating minds unlikely fitting Ghetto girls and thugs liking the album guitar driven, Yup! Ghetto girls to girls from the valley To niggaz that skate to niggaz that pump crack in they alleys I'm the Black Card, Timothy Leary, John Lennon lookin for my Yoko Hopin my wife hears me And maybe she'll have more +Interscope+ and not be a +Virgin+ Who bought my album, and who will prefer the regular version that goes [Maybe {original} chours plays fast] See, maybe [Haha] There was something wrong [Hooo!] And you were telling me no wrong [What up Black radio? Daddy loves you] See, maybe [Ahhhhohhhhhhhhhh!] The laugh's on me [Yeahhhh] And life was telling me a joke (joke, joke joke) [Maybe {Remix} scratchs back in] Owwww! You and me BAPE, Ice Cream and BBC Just because we skate down the road (Mean what?) Don't mean we can't slam Phantom Doors (Nigga nigga) You and me BAPE, Ice Cream and BBC Just because we skate down the road Don't mean we can't slam Phantom Doors (nigga nigga) [Pharrell talking] Love P.S.. daddy loves you Yours truely The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Time for Some Action Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Y'know, when I was a kid growing up We used to love playing outside, riding bikes That was the 80's, record heatwaves I mean people were like, dying on the side of the road getting heatstroke So the only thing you could do... was go in the house and, y'know Take a shower a couple of times a day So... I'll never forget I was like seven years old {*shower noises*} I closed my eyes, and that's when it started I started seeing sounds WHOA~! [Chorus: repeat 4X] Time for some action [Pharrell] Yeah, you know the scenario Images circle your mind like a merry-go If you just tunin into your stereo Turn this bitch up, here we go [Shay] I'm more like a vulture, far from a dove Don't you mistake this ma, this is not love It's lust; no cuddles and hugs This is for floor and rugs [Pharrell] Yo, the sweat on your body it creates a scent No liquor no pills only that's gets me bent I'm loving your clothes especially the prints Get it, the prints [Shay] Hey, you ain't know I was a nasty guy You say you wanna flash me right? You know only I could smash you right Well alright! [Pharrell - singing] It's time for some action What can you imaaaagine? Its time for some action What can you imaaaagine? Whoa, whoa, whoa (ACTION!) Whoa, whoa, whoa (ACTION!) Whoa, whoa, whoa (ACTION!) Whoa, whoa, whoa (ACTION!) {*schoolbell rings*} [Interlude] I see what's going on I've been sitting there all along Just waiting and waiting cause I'm tired [Chorus] - 1/2 [Outro] I ain't got nothin to say, nothin to do But I've been waiting for so long, and I think I think I think I'm through The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Everyone Nose * Typed by: JJW20084@hotmail.com * first single [Intro: Shae] All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the, (All the girls standing in the) All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! [Pharrell talking] Yeah, I know it's been a minute since, um We expressed ourselves Takes a lot of courage to say this, but um I see sounds [Verse 1: Pharrell] You and your girls are going out tonight Y'all been plannin' this all week right? You got somethin' boys can't deny (Here's a hint) Its like applepie Cut you open and your just wired You ain't tired, you wanna cause a riot And who can say no to you? Wait til they get a load of you A hundred dollar bills look – Ashoo! Ashoo! (x4) Because All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the, (All the girls standing in the) All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! [Verse 2: Pharrell] Superstar ask you what you have Bartender get the drank we just laugh He talkin' bout an autograph He just wanna dance in you reckless paths Close your eyes see colorful things you wanna Let go for the wonderful things just a Bit more just to get in the lane So we can answer the brain and you can flip wit da pain A hundred dollar bills look – Ashoo! Ashoo! (x4) Because All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the, (All the girls standing in the) All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! [Bridge: Pharrell] Baby, you partied all night in sixth gear Just so you know the AC, is blowin' over here Don't worry I won't blow your high Talking 'bout your life And how it is all wrong Just know if you go outside and see the sunrise as all the stars are gone Tell your friends, they can go, you're okay, you're just chillin' with me Here's a towel Wipe your face Cool down... have a drink its on me! Here's a towel (Here's a towel!) Wipe your face (Wipe your face!) Cool down (Cool down!) Have a drink its on me! Here's a towel (Here's a towel!) Wipe your face (Wipe your face!) Cool down (Cool down!) BUT YOU WOULD RATHER PARTY CUZ!… [Outro: Shae] All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the, (All the girls standing in the) All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! All the girls standing in the, (All the girls standing in the) All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Windows Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uh-oh! [Verse One] Every single night I'm starin in her window (Window-dow-dow, doh da dow) She's fresh in a towel and the lights are dimmed low (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) If you seen, what I've seen, she's a ten yo (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) You would be (ahhhhh) starin in her window (The eyes are the win-dows to the soul) You would be (ahhhhh) starin in her window!!! Uh-oh! [Verse Two] My best friend said I shouldn't do this no more (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) Well I guess that means I'm very different from my friends so (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) Cause you've seen, what I've seen, she's a ten yo (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) You would be (ahhhhh) starin in her window (The eyes are the win-dows to the soul) You would be (ahhhhh) starin in her window!!! Uh-oh! [Interlude - repeat 2X] Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow! [Verse Three] Look at her, she's my medicine In those magazines, and all that estrogen I bet she'd like me, but my conscious says to guess again If she ever did, I would be ready then The best time to watch is like 1 or 2 o'clock In my fuckin world she can come over and rock I wonder if she'll be down with it a lot She's taking off her clothes, and 'bout to close the win-dow Uh-oh! [Verse Four] She's like the Bill to my Gates that was entitled Windows (Window-dow-dow, doh da dow) She said "Don't go Microsoft, you like it when I bend low" (Don'tcha, don'tcha) (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) I said I see, what you mean, cause that's my twin-doh (Dee-dow-dow-dow, doh da dow) And uhh, we see you starin in our windows (The eyes are the win-dows to the soul) Damn~! They caught me staring in her window!!! [Outro] Uh-oh! Uh-oh-wha-ho! Yeah Oh no The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Anti Matter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Tilt your head back and close your eyes [Chorus: repeat 2X] You so anti, don't I matter (AH-WHHHAT?!!!?!) You so you so You so anti, don't I matter (You punk bitch!) You so anti, don't I matter (AH-WHHHAT?!!!?!) You so you so You so anti, don't I matter (You punk bitch!) [Verse One] 'Kay, what's this on your iPod? Tell me what you listenin to Why you jumpin 'bout his money, I ain't hear him mention you I know this aggravates you, and it upsets ya But I change you, I know how you hear me is this better? Yeah girl you like this, yeah dis yo' language Life is short in black and white just like little penguins Why you in social studies screamin and argue? Why you Dr. Killjoy, shootin up the party? Where you get that money from? Wait, where you runnin to? Why I'm hearin sirens? Where them blue lights comin to? Dog you a genius, you can blueprint and plan this Instead of playin videogames why don't you take advantage? [Verse Two] What's that on your iPod? Tell me what you listenin to Why you jumpin 'bout these bitches? I ain't hear 'em mention you I know this aggravates ya, and it upsets ya I'ma change ya I know how you hear me is this better? I don't understand you, you the school's biggest cut up Ridin in your momma car, boomin like a motherfucker Why you always spittin for~? What you get her digits for? Don't you know with no money that girl is not gon' give you none? Life doesn't dish out, why you got yo' fist out? Oh you just gon' run in there and five finger discount? Talkin 'bout where the weed at; wait, what you coughin for? I thought you was an expert now listen to the officer [Verse Three] I know you're alive And there's a lantern lit inside It's not just burnin bright It won't blow up in your face if you try I know you try hard, but you gotta try harder Now you got your light, to find your way You're a multitasker, you're doin things faster Are you gon' let this God-given gift decay? Wait! [Outro - with Chorus again in background] Motherfucker are you ADHD? ADHD? ADHD? You jump around like you ADHD, ADHD, ADHD You catch the steel like you ADHD, ADHD, ADHD You fuck around like you ADHD, ADHD, ADHD The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Spaz  Typed by: JJW20084@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Pharrell] Hey... I'm a little teapot short and stout There's some shake-up in around me know it's talking about I pop the lid the lid, its gon be me I'm gonna let it out Nothing'll happen if I don't open my mouth I ain't a punk bitch, I don't give a fuck I'm just being me and speakin' from the gut Well its a little bit of us, a whole lot of you, And we just came here to see what it do... I'm right here, and I ain't goin' nowhere You can turn tables and you can throw chairs I'm right here, and I ain't goin' nowhere You can knock doors and tear gas the air so... Spaz if you want to, spaz if you want Spa-spaz if you want to, spaz if you want to Spaz if you want to, spaz if you want Spa-spaz if you want to, spaz if you want to [Verse 2: Shae] I'm a little teapot blowin' off steam You put me on the heat, I don't whistle I scream Bang, bang, fuck a bed fuck a dream This is rage blowin' up your machine I'm a star bitch, I don't give a fuck Don't be surprised when this bitch start blowin' up Well its a little bit of us, a whole lot of you And we just came here to see what it do... I'm right here, and I ain't goin' nowhere You can turn tables and you can throw chairs I'm right here, and I ain't goin' nowhere You can knock doors and tear gas the air so... Spaz if you want to, spaz if you want Spa-spaz if you want to, spaz if you want to Spaz if you want to, spaz if you want Spa-spaz if you want to, spaz if you want to [Bridge: Pharrell] And now I'm wakin up layin' in the ambulance bed With somethin in my arm, I gotta get it off A tattoo with a line that'll read your mind And next is your mind, I gotta get it off The shit they spray attack my lungs everyday With a creeping decay, I gotta get it off By attacking these things, I earnt my wings And my halo but first I gotta, get it off [Chorus x2] I'm right here, and I ain't goin' nowhere You can turn tables and you can throw chairs I'm right here, and I ain't goin' nowhere You can knock doors and tear gas the air so... Spaz if you want to, spaz if you want Spa-spaz if you want to, spaz if you want to Spaz if you want to, spaz if you want Spa-spaz if you want to, spaz if you want to The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Yeah You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Yeah; I was at a show Backstage untying my shoes There was your friend from wireimage Standing beside her was you And Nigo told me don't do it My nice image would go into fumes But the head without the ears heard it So you end up in my room Textin me a hundred times, callin me a hundred times Hope it is not you this time, damn I gotta change my line Textin me you're gonna die, call the psychiatric line Friends and family should know why, reportin this as a crime I bet you heard this song wanna know who I'm talkin 'bout I said I bet you heard this song wanna know who I'm talkin 'bout I bet you heard this song wanna know who I'm talkin 'bout I bet you heard this song wanna know who I'm talkin 'bout - YOU~! [repeat 2X] Hoo-hoo Yeah baby! [Verse Two] And on those frustrated nights E-mails that could evoke tears (I like you, I like you) (I love you, I think I'm dying) Your girlfriend asked me for your e-mail address She said she'd take it from here She said she'd tried to walk you through the picture (He doesn't like you) But for you nothing is clear (why?) Now she too is frustrated and damn That's been a year [repeat 2X] Hoo-hoo Yeah baby! [Interlude: Shay] As you listen to this song I hope your thought process evolves It's not your reasoning that's wrong Its that deep down everything is gone The place is empty, no lights on Instead happiness should be sprawled Across the face of your heart's wall But you'll press pause and you'll just call {*phone dialing*} [repeat 2X] Awww baby, you can't help yourself [repeat 2X] Hoo-hoo Yeah baby! YOU~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Sooner or Later Typed by: poolstud3200@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Sooner or later, it all comes crashing down (crashing down) Crashing down (crashing down) when everyone's around I bet you would've paid up, all your cash down (your cash down) To not make a sound (to make a sound) but everyone knows nowwww [Verse Two] (So you're sad) about the moment, you lost your love (DAMN~!) You couldn't see her leaving (you were gassed) And that's sucks don't it! Cause God yanked the rug (DAMN~!) And holding your heart, will not help you breathe [repeat Verse One] It all comes crashing down (Dowww-owww-owww-owwwn) It's over, leave it! (Dowww-owww-owww-owwwn) It's over, leave it! (Dowww-owww-owww-owwwn) It's over, leave it! (Dowww-owww-owww-owwwn) It's over, leave it! [Verse Three] (So you're sad) and you should own it, and you fucked up (DAMN~!) You thought that you were the team (you were gassed) And now your opponent, who wears your gloves (DAMN~!) A nightmare just ate up your dreams [repeat Verse One] [Verse Four] (So you're sad) could have had so much done, you blew it off (DAMN~!) Your chance is passing you by (you were gassed) Time waits for no one, and it cost for a loss (DAMN~!) A cosmic joke, should you laugh or cry? [repeat Verse One] [repeat 6X] (Dowww-owww-owww-owwwn) {NOOOOOOO!} It's over, leave it! [repeat 12X] (Dowww-owww-owww-owwwn) It's over, leave it! [repeat 4X] It's over, leave it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Happy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] The summer's gone too soon The winter's coming out And lives are falling and, I'm just bawling You had me going out of my head! And I look stupid The game was gruesome We're deep for awhile, and then in heat for awhile But there's no need for you now, because I'm free of you now You see I'm Happy (happy!) Things are lookin good now (good now) I feel so alive (SO A-LIVE) I'm on overdrive (overdrive) I'm killin it, I'm killin it I'm good, I'm good, don't try coming back I'm good, I'm good, cause I will not be there I'm good, I'm good, it's not like you ever cared [Verse Two] Smiles would die too soon Our days were filled with frowns My job was calling, my life was falling My friends said I looked like I was dead Did I look stupid! Oh damn you Cupid You were shooting at me, instead it landed on her If this is how it should be We should have stayed how we were Cause now I'm [Verse Three] Damn you're stupid~! How'd you lose it? You had it all, but you treated it wrong You've got some things to resolve, so I requested this song Hey I'm just The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Kill Joy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ahh, hah, ha-ha ha-UHH-ah {*repeat 4X*} Everybody let's go! [Verse 1] Little, Red, Riding, Hood, went riding on her bike She got just a little distracted cause she see something she liked Just because it ain't grandma's house don't mean that it's all good Cause no one cares, if she's in there, and the wolf's still in the woods (Beautiful losers) To you they might look beautiful, but they're rotten in the inside (Beautiful losers) When there's so much dirt up under the cupboard There's a big ol' lump that can't hide, c'mon! Here they go again, wearing disguises to a friend Watch the bullets ricochet, off of the Hummer like Blam ba blam, blam ba blam, hey hey You know they won't succeed, you know relentless they will be You should tell 'em clear the way And tell 'em to step back, back ba back, hey hey! Kill joy, kill joy, a kill joy, a kill joy Watch them bullets ricochet like Blam ba blam, blam blam ba blam blam Kill joy Everybody let's go! [Verse 2] Think back when you've met them, you'll see it in their glances That's the seed, that led to trees, which eventually led to branches Cold, as a snowball, downhill to avalanches Believe you me when the world is coldest when the devil does his dances (Beautiful losers) Don't you wonder why, you always end up in last? (Beautiful losers) Wake up little boy, there's no spaceship here employed Cause that they shut away, like Damn da damn, damn da damn, hey hey You're impoverished at your knees But you gotta stand up and face the fees And that's when you say, get your shoulder up Dap ta dap, dap ta dap, hey hey Ahh, hah, ha-ha ha-UHH-ah {*repeat 4X*} [Outro] Everybody let's go~! Kill joy {*echoes*} An N-E-R-D film, starring... YOU! Also starring, HIM Color provided by, "Seeing Sounds" Good night Ahh-AWWW!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Love Bomb Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Sitting here in this white padded room Imagining I'm a meteor flying out through the distant space How does tiny speckle Earth destroy tommorow? So capable of so many things, why make life taking planes? I believe, that when you lose your root Choose the sunlight, it could be your guide No more political dreams, not another excuse Don't need another love song, we need a love bomb To just blow us away To freakin blow the lights out! Turning night to day Hear it from miles away Just to make it right now Fuck what the government say We gotta save some lives now Is that okay? [Verse Two] Can't you see? This is "The Truman Show" baby Cause when they fight, who dies, is you Hoooold if you unscrew me, we've got the same gear and same tools But how you gon' catch it wit'cha head hangin down? What'cha see starin at the ground? But I believe, even without a clue You've got sunlight~! And it can be your guide No more political dreams, not another excuse Don't need another love song, we need a love bomb [Verse Three] I'm trying to revive a few By removing propaganda but They must of used a double superglue I'm tryin to take the machine apart yeah What I'm simply trying to do Is have the reason to take a pause I've been down every avenue But everybody's good as gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: You Know What Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hohhhh-ah Hohhhhhhhh [Verse 1] At first it started with the eyes I'm like uh-uh, no way, yo sister, can't no And so the tension slowly build You got them slanted eyes that kills, all systems go Then you kissed my cheek, my knees get weak My heart just skipped a beat, so I just froze Then you touch me there I knew you wouldn't Girl you touched me good, I'm like uhh-oh Ohhhhhh girl Know what, know what, know what, you know what? I'm sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry It hurts me, it hurts you, it hurts me, what you do Was so sood, so good, so good, so good [Verse 2] Let me show you where you went wrong You know that our sex took us to and fro Then you had the nerve to say you're hurt And fix your mouth to blame the Cuervo Then in me you couldn't find a compromise And I'm just like you know what you chose I don't want to say it again, but here it goes Fuck it, we're just friends, now where's my clothes? [Verse 3] What am I gon' do when I can't get anymore I'd rather not nooooooooo-oh Cause if you wanna know the truth Nobody made me cum like you, I just roll over I can't let my mind think of you I hit that dial and get you on the phone Cause baby it's just not the physical I get with you I'm addicted to your moan The rumors {*3X*} [Breakdown] This ain't right (you know it's so) You know I want it (you know it's so) You know I want it (you know it's so (You know it) Girl this ain't right (you know it too) You know I want it (you know it too) You know I want it (I'm mad at you) [Verse 4] You try keep your feelings inside the ropes Vut then you weigh me down when you see me like hey hello~! Now you know we never cared of a public place I see it in your face and those were magnific' times don't go How we gon' stop? [repeat 2X] Your friendship means the most to me Hohh-ohhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Laugh About It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*girl giggling*} Girls, on, the floor [Verse 1] You made me take a look at me At all the flaws and what could be And all the things that you would reap Was hidden in me, I didn't wanna see, what was troublin me [Interlude] You brought your sledgehammer, comin down with the BOOM I mean I fell in love, cause I'm inside of you I mean I love your heart, but it's your mind if I had to choose You're smilin at me smokin, but you are not amused Someday I'll laugh about it All that preciousness we had it Couldn't it last like that? I doubt it But c'mon girl, let's laugh about it [repeat Chorus] [Verse 2] The way you see the world is neat You're in the sun and cloudy peaks Please be my friend, oh would you please? But you're still on the move, smoke comin from your shoes Meanwhile I'm still bruised [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Verse 3] Let's just have a blast about it (ohh, some day) Couldn't never found our paths without it (laugh about it) All the bullshit that surrounds it (ohh, some day) Let's just have a laugh about it (laugh about it) And I can never lose those memories Because you're screamin from the clouds, goin out The color from those painted these melodies In fact I'm dreamin 'bout it now, UHH~! [Breakdown] Girl no! (Ay, you need to rethink this) Girl no! (I mean, we been through too much) Girl no! (And our friendship means everything) (You know we can't take that much time) Girl no! (But I can't stop us from bein friends) [Chorus] with ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Seeing Sounds Song: Lazer Gun (UK & Japan Bonus Track) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com [Pharrell] Yeah.. So much sound like dirt today Turn on the radio and it make you thirst away Like a dumb bitch lookin' for nerds today Or like good food, dig in ya' purse to pay Sometime it make me so sad like the worst of days It's in the street makin' cats where the Earth decay Then I seen a little black boy with a shirt that say, "Don't you miss the fucking classics like 'Purple Rain'?" You need something to cool you off Man, my beat like a bitch because you and your car It shine bright like the night and the moon and the stars Then I wake up and make more by noon tomorrow Now, the critics ask, "Will we be dumbing it down?" Says "N*E*R*D is not coming around" What, sit and watch who you summin the sound If I catch you when I see you I'm gunnin' it down (Yo!) Because [Chorus: Pharrell] I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master (Come on) I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', yeah, the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master [?Shay?] What did you expect, it's the reemergence Loosin' ya neck, shorty get to jerkin' You rockin' with the best, and that's for certain It's almost like your ears are now virgin Ready fresh, wet for insertion It's like your first time with insurgent Except you're screwed you're locked, you're sippin' syrup Now mami, close your eyes like curtains Look who coolin' it off We be tearin' down show for the moon tomorrow Stay in the future, what you think you they can rule tomorrow That's like Larry Bird came and just schooled Jabaar You should be happy, that should be news to ya'll Like a little boy hearin' no school tomorrow That's the point, ain't no beatin' or runnin' around Violate me when I see you, I'm gunnin' it down (Yo!) [Chorus: Pharrell] I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master (Come on) I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', yeah, the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master [Pharrell] One more time, c'mon! [Chorus: Pharrell] I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master (Come on) I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', yeah, the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way-- [Pharrell] I am, a product of Flex, a product of Clue A product of Interscope, a product of you A product of my parents, my little brother too A product of cam, a product of Ganoo So the beat gotta be like stealth in dark I mean, the beat gotta knock ya helmet off Knock you crab ass niggas who's shells is soft Show you're pussy and you only do well in talk I kill pussy, kill beats, kill real word I can't decide, am I Lucas or Spielberg They pay a night to see me, a night to TV  cause I'm bright like the finger that lights on E.T. In a flash a sonny went down Didn't want to see it but you confrontin' it now Draw your mind in the sand til you done in the ground And if a nigga step across me I'm gunnin' it down And tell em [Chorus: Pharrell] I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master (Come on) I am, the laser gun carryin', the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin', yeah, the laser gun carryin' The laser gun carryin' Milky way master The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D f/ Kanye West, Lupe Fiasco, Pusha T Album: Everyone Nose 12" Song: Everyone Nose (Remix) Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com [Kanye West] Hey do you have any black inside you? Would you like some (like some)? Ha, You know you got a right to do whatever you like to Don C we got the right one that right one In the club always the flyest Always got her hands the highest She stopped drinking diet coke She on that coke diet She bat she bat her eyelids That girl is so wired I know she so tired, but ooh she on fiyah Hundred dollar bill look at you look at you A hundred dollar bills this ain't new this ain't new From that Paris Lindsay Britney, Mary-Kate and Whit-ney People say that they clean motherfucker don't bullshit me All the girls standing in the line for the bathroom (3x) [Pharrell] You left your nigga home You said you at your sister's You and your girlfriends' wrong You in here taking pictures You ain't gotta tell us  You spending daddy's cash Your girlfriend's jealous You got the fattest ass One down to pee, one trying to leave It's hot as fuck but you just dying to ski It's clear as black and white, like a fat panda Your brain is Magic City Your nose is Atlanta I said think about your future You can't do that tomorrow But you don't hear a word, you see that SLR You like "Hey Pharrell I ain't trying to kill your mood But I can do the Star Trak sign see, killa dude" [Lupe Fiasco] Now she got high hopes Just to say hi to us She want the high life She like them higher ups She know we high rollin' She know it's high stakes That's why she high speedin', out on that highway She say she high maintenance She say she high fashion She say she high priced I think she high cappin' She had her high heels, I had my high tops Sippin' a Hi-C, eatin' a Hydrox I asked her how it feel up on this high rise She said this high score this was the high lie She got her hi-Pod bumpin' her hi-Tunes This higher education welcome to high school [Pusha T] Like I got a crown made of powder Everybody knows who the king of the coke flow be All I hear is oh ki every line is oh ki All you rappers okey dokey Nigga you don't paint pictures I paint miracles on you niggas And dime 'ye speedy bag bitches Buy and sell I can accomodate your clientele Shamu weight motherfucker breaks your scales P to the usha, with a name like that what you look for More less like P with the hook up Hit me on the bat phone if you want it cooked up Ride with me, as I'm switchin lane to lane In my play clothes as I'm grippin' grain In a hail of bullets how I write my name Whether soft or hard motherfucker 'caine is 'caine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D f/ T.I. Album: Nothing Song: Party People Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 12X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [over repeat] Get up! Your dreams have now been fulfilled C'mon~! Uhh... get up! Let's go [Pharrell] Hey, hey, what do you think? It's gettin right time, where your drink? Hey, oh, 'fore the place blow Make up your mind girl, c'mon [Interlude] Let's just GO! You can bring your friends girl - let's just GO! Forget about the type - let's just GO! Don't worry 'bout the mornin - let's just GO! Just worry about tonight [repeat 7X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [over repeat] Do you like it? Do you love it? Is it kickin in? Are you high? Hooooooooo-HO! What I need, what I need is that girl there {*8X*} [over repeat] Party people! {*2X*} I came to get Down {*8X*) Get the {fuck} up! [repeat 8X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [Pharrell] Hey, babe, if they complain Tell them motherfuckers it's yo' stage Yeah, yeah, hands in the air I spray champagne everywhere now [Interlude] [Pharrell] What I need, what I need is that girl there {*7X*} Hooooooooo-HO! [repeat 8X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [T.I.] Ay, fly to any nigga, get a skinny mini Hit her on a shot of Remy, promise she don't get a penny What the bid'ness, let my homies slide up in it when I'm finisher The #1 pussy popper, f'real it's not just an image Like tennis get served while she licks her All I need's that girl right thurr, listen hurr She playin under her dress, soakin wet, no fur Who one-oh-one sex? Not me, no sir [repeat 7X] What I need, what I need is that girl there [over repeat] Do you like it? Do you love it? Is it kickin in? Are you high? Party, party, p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-p [Chorus] - 2X [repeat to fade] What I need, what I need is that girl there The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Hypnotize U Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I like you You so special... [Pharrell] Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you I can make your storm feel sky blue Girl when you lost you know I'll find you If I'm not beside you I'm behind you Imagine you're on the beach and you're lost And you feel the breeze because your clothes off Your inhibitions you got nothin to hide And then help 'em rise, do you wanna ride? Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh) Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh) Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh) Touch it girl - I'm behind you! [Pharrell] Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you I can make your storm feel sky blue Girl when you lost you know I'll find you If I'm not beside you I'm +INSIDE+ you I'm your doctor, this is your therapy Your money's no good, just take care of me I found out it's you, you my soldier type But all that can change, let's get loose tonight [Pharrell] Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you I can make your storm feel sky blue Girl when you lost you know I'll find you If I'm not beside you I'm +INSIDE+ you ... you're a dream Inception you're my queen Wait babe, let me paint that wall Change the background, take that off In your eyes I could see you a winner I know size stop lyin like Lyor You could stay but there'd be no me But if you come then set you free [Interlude One] To the left... to the right {*2X*} Go on and touch it girl, go on and touch it girl {*2X*} [Pharrell] Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you I can make your storm feel sky blue Girl when you lost you know I'll find you If I'm not beside you I'm behind you Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you I can make your storm feel sky blue Girl when you lost you know I'll find you If I'm not beside you I'm +INSIDE+ you [Outro Two] Twenties, fifties, fives, tens {*4X*} [Pharrell] Just close your eyes, let me hypnotize you I can make your storm feel sky blue Girl when you lost you know I'll find you If I'm not beside you I'm +INSIDE+ you Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh) Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh) Touch it girl, touch it girl, touch it girl (ahh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Help Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] Help me! Cause I, can feel, the fumes Cause someone in cool, has made it inside the room Our ideas get shared, not a good one gets spared And you're just sittin there, suckin up the air (Okay, you got it, you wanna do somethin 'bout it?) (Wait a minute, what's wrong, somethin broke?) C'mon! Help me! Is that, a snake, I just saw? Well they can only live where the grass and weeds are tall Well I'm stuck, and no cost to please my eyes And no, I won't kill you but I'll watch you die - C'MON!!~! YEAH! DIE BITCH DIE! Uhhh Help me! Cause this ain't good for my health So you can have this room and do them yourself My oath, won't let, me conspire While your presence, set our sanctuary, on fire Help me! Cause YOU'RE intentions aren't pure Cause COOL can only be killed, never absorbed And I, will not stop, or com-promise And no, I won't kill you but I'll watch you die - C'MON!!~! WOOO! YEAH! YEAH! Uhhh Help me! Understand why you're surprised But never mind that, please look outside Submarines and flying machines and fellas you know Point signs that say we shoulda nuked you a long time ago Help me! See those war machines out there? A pack with your karma, do you care? Just know karma, doesn't stop when you cryyyyy And no, I won't kill you but I'll watch you die - C'MON!!~! WOOO! YEAH! YEAH! Yeahhhh Help me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Victory Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] I want it Ohh, I'm not even gonna lie I want it It's an every day dream every sigh I want it Even if it makes me cry I want it I've got to have it or I'll die I want it Does your family even care? I want it Ohh, did they tell you I'd be there? I want it I've gotta get this for my team I want it Just tell yourself this was my dream Victoryyyyyy, I can smell it in the air In my mind it surrounds me everywhere, errrre But what a wonderous occasion, this could be In fact I know it will, cause this is my victoryyyyyyyyy [Pharrell] I want it This is something you can't buy I want it Ohh don't you get it nothing else will satisfy? I want it Even worse than someone that would lie I want it But only a champion would qualify I want it Oh to be in the books of history I want it Oh look page one hundred, this is me I want it They'll say I changed things officially I want it And so these were the words to my speech [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Pharrell] Oh, the limit's the SKYYYYYYYYYY! The limit is the SKYYYYYYYYYY! {*3X*} It's the sky The limit is the sky Ahhhhhhhh~! Don't you be afraid~! SKYYYYYYYYYY! The limit is the SKYYYYYYYYYY! {*3X*} Go for it, go forth and try The limit is, the sky Good luck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Perfect Defect Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] First day of school, guess who? I would bump, into the creme de la creme, that's you But they treat you like, doo doo So then you had to use, my wit And think a-bout it That's when I had to admit They were right, you're the shit I don't care who gets you I don't care what they don't see I don't need God to remix you It's less for them, but mo' for meee~! Oh you're so perfect, oh don't ignore me girl Them other girls just service, they do nuttin for me girl Oh you're so perfect, don't you ignore me girl Ain't no need to be nervous, this'll workout surely girl [Pharrell] Let's take it slow, to begin Don't worry about, the blueprint Get to know you, then we win Friends to love, the end I know it's always, somethin But they ain't talkin 'bout, nothin This is my car, jump in Cinderella, no pumpkin [N*E*R*D] Yeah, why? Ahh c'mon cheer up baby You know I make you laugh Meet Tina Tonya Tracy We're havin a bubble bath The girls are blowin bubbles They naked in the field The smoke comes out the flowers Mm-hmm, you know the deal [Pharrell] Oh you're so perfect, oh don't ignore me girl Them other girls just service, they do nuttin for me girl Oh you're so perfect, don't you ignore me girl Ain't no need to be nervous, this'll workout surely girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: I've Seen the Light Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] Four in the morning she appeared there to me Said she had the secret to life She wandered to my heart and said that you'll believe Felt my neck and then opened my eyes But I've seen the light I've seen the light, you're the one girl And then it hit me, it felt like lightning And then it hit me I wasn't frightened Cause I've seen the light [Pharrell] Things will soon change, you will see, you will see The light will chase away the dark She said you'll be okay if you listen to me All the superstars are burning out [Pharrell] Yes we've got dreams, something you won't believe The desert was hot, the air was dry She gave me instruction to play my magic keys And magic treats starts falling from the sky The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Inside of Clouds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] I can smell them when I go outside (outside) Then it just pours It gives us peace then all in the town is quiet (outside) That's what, rain's for All the kids see rain and scream oh no Run off the bus and they would just stay in Me I love how rain fills the potholes Me and myself well that's what we played in Ever wonder exactly where the sun goes Did it go or did something shade it? The sun gives light cause it is the one though Rain gives life cause it is amazing The rain inside of clouds {*2X*} Coming from the sky, proves there's life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: God Bless Us All Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] Hold your head lil' bruh You're not dead lil' bruh You are brown and this world is black and white lil' bruh I know how it sounds lil' bruh, but you'll be alright lil' bruh I bet this song, make no sense to you With the world on your shoulders, what can you see? God blessed us all, with the gift to pursue Just clear your mind and, you'll feel like me Yeah~! [Pharrell] Forget what you read lil' bruh Get them words our your head lil' bruh With them shades the world's the same don't you know lil' bruh? It only just fades lil' bruh, but can't hide your glow lil' bruh Yeah, cause [Pharrell] Forget the latest lil' bruh You're the greatest lil' bruh You were made to amaze and bring change lil' bruh It takes one to know one bruh, so here's one to grown on bruh Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Life as a Fish Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] First they say the angels sing, and then, the big bang That was the first day, there's six more From organisms to single cells, mutate, to shells then mutate into spores On dry land (dry land) Where the living scream die man (die man) Awwwwww By the seventh day, he rested as he looked at them Those made, those, men Guess it's safe to say that they don't know Since they not alone, and there's no dusk or dawn As they never washed ashore, but of course, what for? Who cares what lies beyond On dry land (dry land) Where the living scream die man (die man) Awwwwww They see our bones, and say oh no not them again And scream swim, just, swim So while the federal buildings blow, below, fish glow How lovely that must be You shoulda listened to Jacques Costeau, don't say, you don't Stop sending your trash to sea Leave it on the dry land (dry land) Where the living scream die man (die man) Awwwwww He made this world, took it and gave it back again And we learned, no-thing (Nothing, we, we learned nothing right?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Nothing On You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah... uh All the ladies on the floor Damn right [Pharrell] I hate the fact that you know I hate the fact that you know (why) I hate the fact that you know, that everywhere you go They recognize yo' jeans, they recognize a Queen (why) Everybody runnin but they don't know where to go There's such a commotion right there on the flo' (dance) You're spinnin yo' body, the witness makes an O Well there's one detail that's killin me, I want to know (what) You just know it, don'tcha know it, don'tcha Know she ain't got nothin on you You just know it, don'tcha know it, don'tcha Cause everything just comes to you [Interlude] Ay... cut it out~! But [Pharrell] Where the hell have you been? Oh where the hell you been? (where) Where the hell you been, what'cha got yourself in Baby figure's trouble, came to squeeze me in - ohh! Everybody runnin but they don't know where to go (ay girl) There's such a commotion right there on the flo' (want a drink?) You're spinnin yo' body, the witness makes an O (c'mon) Well there's one detail that's killin me, I want to know (what) [repeat 2X] You kissed me, I kissed her She kissed you, you kissed me [over the repeat] Ohhh! Yes Where's your drink at girl? [repeat 2X] She kissed me, I kissed her You kissed you, you kissed me [over the repeat] C'mon you're fakin Let's fill that up, c'mon HOLD UP~! [N*E*R*D] Just got off and I'm tryin to hang A hole in the wall and my favorite drink Put a hole in somethin and tear it out the frame Now who came here to partyyyy? Get it girl, go on and get wild What's that dance? I love your style Animal ass, shorty get wild But I love how you move your body [Pharrell] Everybody runnin but they don't know where to go (stop!) There's such a commotion right there on the flo' You're spinnin yo' body, the witness makes an O (hey girl) Well there's one detail that's killin me, I want to know (c'mere mama) [over Chorus] Let's take a shot together I like your smile Don't get gassed though, ha Hahahahaha, yeah Ay... ahhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D f/ Nelly Furtado Album: Nothing Song: Hot-n-Fun Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] Okay we wrote this for a purpose, to motivate you at the time With this hypnotizing bassline, please feel free to lose your mind And get high, get money, get sex, get real, all intertwined On yeah this is stadium music, fifty thousand at a time Let's get right, let's get right, let's get right okay okay {*2X*} All the girls want HOT-N-FUN, all they lookin for is HOT-N-FUN All they ask for is HOT-N-FUN, they keep wantin that HOT-N-FUN Look at you, look at me {*2X*} HOT-N-FUN... HOT-N-FUN Let it go [Pharrell] Homeboy she's dancin for a reason, not just cause I'm on her hind Homebody it's.. totally obvi', you don't be listenin to her mind She wanna get right, get money, get sex, get real, all intertwined This is... stadium music, fifty thou' jumpin at a time [Interlude: Nelly Furtado] Everybody's breathin, lovin to love So many reasons, just here because Cause 'tis the season... [Pharrell] It's a new day People don't wanna think no more, they just wanna feel They wanna let go [Interlude] [Outro] Let's get right, let's get right, let's get right okay okay {*2X*} Hello? I miss you All my Mexican{?} girls, it's a new day Life is, life as you know it can change {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: It's in the Air Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*43 second speech to Congrees to open*} [Pharrell] {?} I'm sure you can tell It's in the air, of our nation It may shock ya, the mass hallucination But the dead people, oh they dress well (yeah) They say [quick rap] What's yo' name? You the one starin Oh my God, lemme shake yo' hand Do it like this, do it like that Can you switch it up? Send it right back Frown to your back, smile to your face Think I keep it real, but I keep it fake Think I'm ahead, but I'm the ass Man I'm really sick, I really need a mask Woof! And now it's in the air, spreading everywhere So you should be prepared (Ain't no pill or cough syrup) (That can help so you better hurr'up) C'mon {*3X*} hey {*3X*} It's, in the air, hey {*3X*} C'mon {*3X*} hey {*3X*} It's, in the air, hey {*3X*} [Pharrell] To spread this thang, they don't need to talk Instead they use, the precious lungs But the scariest thing, they don't {?} kill ya But they'll still LET PEOPLE, dancin like Thriller [quick rap] + [Chorus] [Pharrell] They comin in, they get me now What a shitstorm, of a situation But a ray of light, comes to the biggest cloud Stop big brother, and his invasion (yeah) c'mon [quick rap] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: Sacred Temple Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 2X] Take to the heaaaaaaaaaaaad and buy another round Are you down? [Pharrell - whispering] All that huffing puffing that you do You got somethin on your mind All that rocking that you do You got somethin on your mind I can tell by the way you move You got somethin on your mind It seem like you got somethin to prove You got somethin on your mind [Interlude] We got a connection, some synergy Ain't no other woman please, it's just you Somewhere intersection, I feel energy It's like tingling, it must be true - that's because You're my temple, get on my knees And I come to you, yes I come to you It's just that simple, your lovin heat like the sun would do, is why I run to you [Pharrell - whispering] {UHHH~!} Yeah I like bush (take your panties off) You're in motion in the mirror as a rainbow dandelion I suspect you know what it does when I see yo' pantyline All that lotion in your hands You got somethin on your mind And all that fixin in your pants You got somethin on your mind [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Pharrell] Yeah, I know you had, your ups and downs But look at you girl, you're on top now You're so attractive, it's so magnetic (I'm attracted to you) This thang is gettin deeper, now do you get it? Say yeah (yeah!) Uhh Say yeah (yeah!) C'mon Say yeah (yeah!) UNGHH! Ohhhhh Say yeah (yeah!) yeah.. [N*E*R*D] {UHHH~!} Say ooh, no hands I like the way that you dance listen to me now Ooh, no hands Girl shake what'chu got in them pants listen to me now Ooh, no hands From Florida to France Say ooh, no hands Tonight's the night you got plans [repeat 2X] Take to the heaaaaaaaaaaaad and buy another round So tell me honey are you down? Cause [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Pharrell] Yeah, I know you had, your ups and downs (your ups and downs) But look at you girl, you're on top now (you're on top now) You're so attractive, it's so magnetic (I can't stay away from her) This thang is gettin deeper, now do you get it? Say yeah (yeah!) Uhh Say yeah (yeah!) C'mon (I want you bad) Say yeah (yeah!) UNGHH! Ohhhhh (I got to have) Say yeah (yeah!) [Outro] {UHHH~!} Take to the heaaaaaaaaaaaad and buy another round (You such a nasty girl, oooh what's on your mind?) Take to the heaaaaaaaaaaaad and buy another round (Let me in your nasty world, let me show you what it like behind) Are you down? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: I Wanna Jam Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pharrell] Let's be rebellious baby No turnin back now I'm already sold on it You came and convinced me I wanna get this over with Thank God the teenagers takin over the world And all your old school niggaz, should just go fishin for pearls I came to sweat {*3X*} Well get on up and jam y'all I came to jam tonight And I came to party Well I come to jam tonight Life makes me horny [Pharrell] They talk about yesterday But I'm just thinkin 'bout tonight Don't take it no kind of way But I just wanna dance all night Thank God the teenagers takin over the world And all you yesterday people, should stay in your bed and curl [N*E*R*D] Uhh, damn right I am a ten-to-five I am a happy dryer Your uphill makes my mouth dry C'mon let's wash saliva Don't you wanna feel some love Everybody is high on drugs Got problems with some nookie I am the nookie piper~! [Pharrell] Thank God the teenagers takin over the world And when you open up your eyes, I hope you old fucks just hurl Look here I came to sweat {*3X*} You ain't seen nothin yet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N*E*R*D Album: Nothing Song: The Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Revolution~! Yeah [Pharrell] All I know is I can't get the recipe For how to make my pie taste just like the tree Oh it's so revealing, feeling I have no feeling But I bet they tell you don't worry 'bout it just add the cream AND THEN YOU FEEL GOOD! {*3X*} LET IT GO AND YOU SHOULD FEEL GOOD! Here we go... [Pharrell] How does every man endure the heckling? Every phone, internet, and TV selling pie {*ka-ching*} Tell me the type of pie it is, that's your vision buying it Don't bother with hello, just say buy/bye [N*E*R*D] Here we go, here we go Uhh, uhh Hello, how are you-ah? Just stopped a second on my cruiser Nice to meet ya, wanna recruit ya To the muffin girls of the future Let me school ya, and renew ya (Free your mind~!) Hallelujah First I move ya, then go through ya When I do ya [Chorus] - "here we go" [Outro] ALL MY MUFFINS! Revolution Liberation Hm-mmm-hmmmm {*3X*} {*ka-ching*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy, Lenny Kravitz, Pharrell Williams, Loon Album: Bad Boys II Soundtrack Song: Show Me Your Soul Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lenny Kravitz also accompanies with guitar] [Intro: Pharrell Williams] (Diddy in background) Hey yo, ladies and gentlemen You could never imagine, what's about to happen right now (Hey yo check this out) [Verse: P. Diddy] Hey yo I'm back by popular demand and shit Niggaz want the crown but can't handle it This rap game's getting scandalous I done lost my best friend in Los Angeles My other nigga turned Evangelist But I can't quit cause I'm on some Evander shit Fuck the money and the white sand and shit When it's said and done you gunna understand this shit Your man talking about Hummers and little cars That only fit in his little house little garage His lifestyle is just a little mirage He the type of cat that never had a menage Backrub, you know a little massage Tight shit you get when you Head Nigga in charge I'm in the Rolls listening to the bars Leaned back wit a chick smoking on cigars From Bogota, Colombia, chicks from Panama The diamond fellow, mami hello Pull up in the drop my Ferrari yellow Pull off your top make it shake like Jello [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] (Lenny Kravitz) DROP EVERYTHING!! When you walk in the door Free your self 'fore get ya ass on the floor! Ah be a maniac-ah! lose control (just lose control) GET NAKED!! Strip down to your soul! [Bridge: Pharrell Williams] Well strip down! (work) Show me some more! (work) Is that all you got?! (work) You got to make me believe it girl! (work) C'MON NOW!! [Verse: Pharrell Williams] I'm sitting on your Louie bag, now you're braining it Lookin like your little sister came that painted it Slick, like calamari tentacles Staring at my chain I kicked off your Jimmy Choos I weigh 155 pound when I'm soaked ma That Rolls Royce Phantom, it ain't no joke ma Weed brownie at 2, but I will not smoke ma Don't talk about licking if it ain't deepthroat ma I give you great dick, I make your face flip Then take ya aboard a nigga Spaceship Star Trak, my fault I mean Mother Ship Put on the cameras, try it you'll be loving it And you can bring your girl and we can get on another tit Me? I'm a Mount Airy fellow Or down in Florida wit the Maranello Driving slow watch the mami mouthing "hello" Get wit ya man if you want love you better Trying to get +Dirty+ like +Aguilera+ Yep, he's a skater the kids that's rhyming But I'm also young and rich wit a big ass diamond [Bridge] [Verse: Loon] Hey yo my intro's crazy, I'm in a new Mercedes Rocks the same colors as daisy's Y'all niggaz is lazy, I'm on my j-o-b And that's why ya hate on me But here's the update, Loon ain't got nothing but cake And power from here to upstate Y'all sweet as cupcakes So why niggaz stay wit tough faces? I stay trying to figure what Loon and Puff make [Verse: P. Diddy] Bitch please! you ain't been in a helicopter Flying 'round Jesus statue wit a mountain in Brazil Bitch please! you ain't never been to Guatemala Eating shrimp by the dollar taking flights to Negril Bitch please! and you ain't been wit Lenny and Pharrell Me and Loon in the hills giving mami's the chills Bitch please! and you ain't never seen a hotter nigga in the game 12 years selling records by the mill, c'mon now [P. Diddy] Let's work (huh yeah), let's work Let's work (huh yeah), let's work Show me your soul! c'mon now! Show me your soul! c'mon now! Show me your soul! c'mon now! Lenny Kravitz, Pharrell, they call me Diddy! We wanna see the masses shaking out there It's getting sexy in here Alright y'all, alright alright! [Outro: P. Diddy] C'mon and c'mon now Everybody c'mon and c'mon now Everybody c'mon and c'mon now Let's rock, c'mon and c'mon now Just shake, c'mon and c'mon now Just stop, c'mon and c'mon now Just clap, c'mon and c'mon now Everybody c'mon and c'mon now Rejoice.. I like the way you looking out there! I like the way you looking out there! Don't stop.. and another one, and another one Bad Boys 2, the Saga Continues! We won't stop, B.I.G. forever! Let's go.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. (The Neptunes) Album: Lapdance 12" Song: What's Wrong With Me Typed by: fatfathead@aol.com [Pharrell] Yo (Love hurts, hurts) Yo...Yo (Love hurts, hurts) I don't know how to understand you (Love hurts, hurts, hurts) You won't give me a chance (Love hurts, hurts) (C'mon) (Love hurts, hurts) Yo, turn me up a little bit (Love hurts, hurts, hurts) I gotta talk to her (Love hurts, hurts, hurts) Yeah (Love hurts, hurts, hurts) Hey, baby [Verse 1] You don't have to have those beautiful eyes Or that... beautiful skin (So pretty) You don't have to walk that way (Oooh) Or be extraordinarily thin (You're the dopest, baby) You don't have to be a supermodel (Wish you weren't) To... be my girl (The whole world knows you) Or would I be a over-indulgence And just... make you hurl (What's wrong with me) (Yo...) What's wrong with me, yeah, yeah, yeah (Why can't I be with you) Why can't we be, yeah (You don't know what you do to me, I can feel you all over) Now look-a-here [Verse 2] Now when I first met you (Damn) You, you never asked what I drove (You didn't ask about none of my cars) You told me I was beautiful (Thank you baby) Girl... and you ignored my clothes (Ignored my clothes...) Heaven only knows, knows, knows (Heaven only knows, the Lord knows) That you're the faceless girl of my dreams (Yeah...) Hey, but what's so weird (Crazy, crazy) I've seen you all along in magazines (You're all over the place, baby) What's wrong with me What's wrong with me, yeah, yeah, yeah  Why can't we be, yeah, yeah (What's wrong with me...) What's wrong with me, yeah, yeah (C'mon, c'mon; c'mon baby) How long will it... be, yeah (C'mon) [Verse 3] Every once in a while I'll hear from you Which illuminates my day (So bright, baby, so bright) What's so scary I'm not, I'm not in love with you baby But I'm preventably on my way If I could remove all the lights from the world For an... experiment for me (Let me show you something), you'd learn that When in the dark, if you use your heart (C'mon, c'mon) You'd, you'd most certainly see (Look here) That I'm the one for you [Chorus] with "Wooo, wooo" in background What's wrong with me, yeah, yeah, yeah (Ohhhh) (What's wrong with me...) Why can't we be, yeah [Breakdown] (music changes) I don't get it You mean so much me What's wrong, am I too demanding? Listen I just wanna feel you I just wanna touch you Please be mine (What's wrong, baby) You'll be my breakfast every morning [Chorus in background becomes distorted] I'll eat you (What's wrong with me) You'll be my lunch, I'll eat you (Why can't we be) You'll be my dinner, I'll eat you (Oooh-oooh, Oooh-oooh, what's wrong with me) What's wrong with me, baby (What's wrong with me) I'll eat you on the rocks I'll do it better than any of those (How long will it... be) I'll do it better than your ex-boyfriend I'll do it better than that bitch you're sleeping with now I'll eat you (Wooo, wooo... Wooo, wooo) What's wrong with me (Wooo, wooo... Wooo, wooo) Huh, what's wrong with me (Wooo, wooo... Wooo, wooo) Yeah, yeah (Wooo, wooo... Wooo, wooo) Hey baby I'll eat you I'll eat you... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. Album: Locked Away 12" Song: Locked Away Typed by: NGE_Kaji@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Verse: Pharrell Williams] Changed your mind I made you live a lover's life Changed your mind about all guys No kiss at the end of the night But if you will with me When I'm sure that you can see So when I ask you, "How you think it'd be?" Just when I thought you would say to me... No! [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] (Spymob vocalists) You keep me locked away (locked aaa-wayy..) You don't want - to admit About me and you (meee and yoouuu..) Hey! But I don't care cause You make life worth living (living..) You make love worth giving (giving..) You make time worth spending (spending..) Well why ain't we worth admitting? (admitting..) [Verse: Pharrell Williams] When you were in my arms Though inside, I could see the stars As if they were not far I read what they were sayin They said the world is yours With her make it better So imagine you two together It'd be so amazing [Verse: Pharrell Williams] (Hey..) Hey but what if you Miraculously feel what I do Our split up can't beat us two If I could speak in invisible proof And you're writing the same Except you swap our names Trying to figure out this weird ass game And you're like real confused.. shit [Outro: Spymob vocalists] Locked away.. mee and yoouuu Living.. giving Spending.. admitting The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.E.R.D. f/ Common, De La Soul, Mos Def, Q-Tip Album: She Wants to Move 12" Song: She Wants to Move (Native Tounges Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Q-Tip - Intro] (Pharrell) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah (Bass) To the, uh to the ah, um um ah To the, uh to the ah, um um ah [Common] Do-do-da-dom-ga-dom (AHH!) HEY! She move, she move, I like the way she turn around but somehow still face me A sweet girl, a-ah, ah, was tasty for the cash, she +Dash+ like Stacy Said she wanna move from there on some Lil' Jon shit, all she knew was "Yeah!" ...Told her act like you know Pimpin the game, had to act like a hoe Inside she was black as a 'fro Sheen of a queen on a booty shake scene Seen with a chick, a dude to make green Change colors, change cities, change dreams You can be in the game but you need to change teams We both all papers so we in the same genes It'll pop, you ain't gotta go mainstream So get with this rebel things and let's move [Chorus: Pharrell] Hey mista, look at your girl...I housed her... And she gon' fuck now, don't you know that? I housed her... (Don't you know that?) I housed her... (Don't you know that?!) I housed her... (nigga) And she gon' fuck now [Mos Def] AHHHH-OWWW!! And that's how I fell You ain't checkin your dame, then I will She got a secret that her body cain't hold She got close to the bass and let it go-ah High tide, everlasting {?} flow-a Set that down on freak radio-ah Push it up 'til her antenna show-ah Horny out nipple stereo, AH! What it is, where ya at? Here we go-AH! Double-dare, ante up, tally-ho -ah! Lights down, lights up {?} bulb - ah! Super duper fly, supernatural - ah! Hips in a twist, thighs on her work - ah! Starin past her room, actin like you know - ah Like it wants-a, here we go ma [*Mos Def panting*] (DAMN!) [Posdnuos] (Dave) AIYYO!! - You must feel well-rested from all the sleepin in on the fact That yo' lady's in-vested.. into the mind games boarded at - myself  But wealth's not the reason It's my poor if you any (hardly) Oddly enough for wantin to get in between her like dots between them letters N.E. - (R.D.!) Huh, she just wanna be free Submerge herself completely within (Sweat) on the floor from Alpha to End Lend me yo' ears, my countrymen Cause this city boy has no fears Rep NY everyday, all year But I rep in the name of my love for how you're movin The chance of you backin it UP, to make me.. [Dave] (Posdnuos) Hey yo, beat it, boardwalk! She ain't property Parked her place in my Monopoly "Sixteen Candles", she blew me in my birthday suit I wouldn'ta thawed her with that bracelet star Ace Saw, she a little athletic But he's goaltendin (swat for shots) Playin the mind gamesn (wantin to watchin meeeeeeee...) She that Ultra Mag and OTAG Spray can sexy (Psss! Psss!) The colors got gang niggaz callin the truth (PSSSS!) Make a madman go chase the life  and vacate his faith and go browse the proof But your shops got gates in front, the basic hunt Your ligaments thicker than possum meat You possibly, define a one-night stand But I won't know, because of your man [*dog barks*] [Q-Tip] Escort your honeydip to the Native Tounges show She's a Abstract freak, and you didn't even know The lights go down, her body hits the ground Clearly she's affected by the Q-Tip method Her Jungle Brothers shirt is the symbol of her heart How much you wanna bet more than her bra is wet How far you gonna go to block the lady flow She just wanna move, unless you bust her groove I didn't even mention that the tail is Titanitc I didn't wink back when she winked, so don't panic Pretty guinevere with her hands in the air One more drink, ma should fuckin stay there Don't be the jelly bean whose color turns green Be the proud man, let go of her hand *woof* Let her get more to the four on the floor To the, "Um, chicka, ah da um, um, da ah!" [Chorus 2X - w/ Q-Tip "Um-chicka-ah-ing"] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell f/ Rohff Album: Taxi 3 Soundtrack Song: Where's Yours At? Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, number_seven1@caramail.com [Chorus - Pharrell] Where's yours at Where's yours at Where's yours at Come on, hah, come on, hah Come on, hah, come on, hah Come on, hah, come on, hah Come on, hah, come on, hah, come on [Verse 1 - Pharrell] Yeah I'ma skater, yeah I'm dirty Lookin' for my wife, while they smart and perty Your material-listic, journey That bullshit, don't concern me Ah, here you go, talking big shit You ain't think, I could flip it like this quick You just talking, and I'm the big shit Without mentioning my hit list, for instance Color dunk show, got 'em all yo Got a different car, under each garage do' From the Rolls Royce, that rides like hydro That white 550, nigga, kicking like Tae Bo I don't give a fuck, what ya haters think Fam' I did things, my major means At a pretty young age, I did major things I made major cream, I eat major greens First the yellow diamonds nigga, made ya bling Had the baddest bitches, on the major scene Fuck what ya heard and what you think you seen I fuck that bitch who come from Cover Girl, to Maybelline Quater million jewelry from, Las Van Dome Diamonds and plat', like glass and chrome Black credit card, just asking on Didn't need it, just didn't have it home White girl in Africa, Black in Rome Philipina girl, just packing at home All the girls I get, I hack and moan Man I give 'em the dick, you know them bitches just gone Nigga raise ya funds, been crazier son But nigga ignorant, and Star Trak, take his fun I'm the keyboard killer, with the raz-or toungue Don't come back tellin me, what play-ers done I did it big, and I made it fun I made a ton, oh yeah the Rolls Royce got sacadelic flowers Painted on it, and I'm leaning on a nigga wit a lazor gun The house in Virginia, that's what I'm living in Building in Carribean, fillin 'em and buildin' 'em "Paris too?" said the strangest girl I said bitch, I'm tryna change the world, whoo [Verse 2 - Rohff] MC tu fais pas le poids, dis moi tu vas faire quoi C'est la K'1 Fry Mafia, ceux qui t'ont montré l'pas MC qu'on ne contrôle pas, MC qu'on ne compare pas Qu'on écoute au car-pla, que les keufs ne blairent pas Pour Sarko on est bon qu'à porter la cagoule et les gants Star-co dans les mariages on est les plus élégants Charme du ghetto, sur les photos Joue les pachs, J'serre des tis-més (???) Roule en Smart, J'raconte que d'la merde Elle s'marre, font des smacks On aime celles qui se respectent, car l'respect commence par soit même Celles qui s'prennent pas la tête, qui couchent le soir même On est bizarres, ma vie un bazar Armdullah, j'suis artiste comme Mozart Les MCs j'smoke, le rap c'est comme la prostitution, ça s'mac, Dan's l'show buis' Font tous la bise, S'appellent " chéri " On vient tout niquer sur l'terrain, la France-Algérie Ton boss Rohff dans la place, protège ta garce Reconnaît le flow, la classe de celle qui fracasse Sur un gros son "Neptunes" issu de l'espace Issu du bitume, donne moi mes tunes, j'suis un rapace Partout où on passe, C'est d‘la casse, L'air ne repousse pas Ceux qui jactent dans les s'ringues ou crosses des lance-bas A bout portant, on shoot la concurrence T'entend pas l'ambulance, pam-pam-pam [Bridge - Rohff] M.A.C.R.O-cun MC déchire ça comme moi Give it up, give it up Say give it up, give it up [Bridge - Girl] G.I.R.L Aucune meuf donne ça comme moi Get it up, get it up Get it up, get it up Artist: All Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On (Rap Version) * Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com * Also known as The Neptunes's This One's For You Mix [Pharrell] People in the ghetto (Come on) This one's for you Yeah, baby People in the ghetto Yeah This one's for you Yeah, baby (Verse 1) [LL Cool J] It's like God's M.I.A. in the hood You a baller when you bad, but you corny when you good When I talk about Jesus, I misunderstood To keep it real with your Cristol, don't boost my morale I rather see the homeless warm and poor people get on And rappers going platinum, singing upliftin' songs Mama say, "God comes like a thief in the night Do you pray everyday Or when tragedy strikes?" [Noreaga] What's going on? World war Wanna settle the score So who's the enemy? This dude {*censored*} 'em all I tried to tell all the little homies Just chill on the streets Now we all stand together Cause we all for peace I saw the twin towers fall Like it's nothin' at all I stood shook All sad, all New Yokers is mad And we all got our flags on the cars Cause whether you White or black America's ours [Royce Da 5'9"] I remember thinking, killin' is wrong Waiting and wishin' that the Bone chillin' feelin' is gone, but still, it's on Wonderin' will I'll condone, what's goin' on in our zones Violence that exists in our phones or that lives in our homes Everyday, a killer is born, utility swarms We buildin' bonds, let's chill and be calm, and heal cause we strong I know you feelin' this song, cause killin' is wrong Millions are gone, put your ribbons on [Pharrell] What's going on Break 1: Faith Evans (Pharrell in background) People lying in the street Ain't got no food to eat (What's going on) So many children Living in poverty (What's going on) What can we do To help the weary (What's going on) Oooh, we gotta get down On our knees and pray Hook: Queen Latifah All you do is take a look at the kids And you See what this world done did And um It's a dog gone shame Some of the pain, we walk with cloud in our rains And um Don't let it get you down Times get rough, good times come back around Don't let it make you down You got the power to turn your life around (Verse 2) [Fabolous (Pharrell in background)] What's going on In the U.S.A. Why we all can't live in a F-A, B-O, L-O-U-S way And I do just pray That next year, I'll be tryin' to buy A new S, instead of a new S.K. It's so easy to grab and shoot at somethin' But war What is it good for? Hun? Absolutely nothin' We oughta build from the boulders I caught a chill When I hold a thought Of my children as soldiers (What's going on?) What's going on? [Sonja Blade] Now, wasn't y'all them same cats, holdin' up mags Now, look Everybody holding up flags It's like the real lace attack with the red, white and blue The FED's ain't got a clue So what we gotta do, hun? What's going on, why does it have to be The only time we unite is in a catastrophe? But if I had the power, I would bring back the towers Be the unfound hero, dead be no ground zero Break 2: Pharrell What's going on Fed up (???) more Computer friend is crazy (What's going on?) Hustlers bribin' for the hood And we're sharin', baby (What's going on?) Well, maybe, we'll keep up with the page The future's on (What's going on?) Maybe then, we won't have to ask What's going on (What's going on?) (Verse 3) [Da Brat] Here, it's 9/11, and I turned on my T.V. I couldn't believe, that this was happenin' to me I Jumped on my knees and prayed, I said, "Lord Is Revelation coming true from Back in the day?" What's going on, cause I'm wondering why Everybody ringing my phone They trying to see, if I was on a plane Tryin' to see if I was comin' home But I'm not, and I thank the Lord How could it been no one in the conquer (Fo sho) When I'm still here (That's right) I pray that it don't go loop [Angie Martinez] No matter what, we gotta choose Sleep, and you lose Every other day, I find myself, watching the news Eyes glued to the screen in another world Wishin' I could move to another world I seem to be another girl [Havoc] What's going on, we under attack The war was the past, I knew I looked towards a brighter future with planes gettin' crashed They can't crush me spirits, so I spit it through the lyric Though I stand in the valley of death I won't fear it [Prodigy {Pharrell in background}] Nigga, we livin' Revelations everyday It's like turning the pages We gotta rise up, done it, stop playin' It's like the world ain't Nothin' but a great big bomb And time is just a countdown for that shit to blow (POW) {What's going on?} [Faith Evans (Jagged Edge in background) {Pharrell in background}] I know, I know we can do this thing (Oooh, mercy, mercy, me) {What's going on?} If we just come together, we can do it (Things ain't what they seem to be) {What's going on?} I know we can (For you in my ocean) Do anything that I want {What's going on?} [Pharrell] What's going on? [Jagged Edge (Pharrell in background)] My brother, brother (What's going on) Won't somebody help me, yeah (What's going on) Father, father, help us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2 Chainz f/ Pharrell Album: Feds Watching (S) Song: Feds Watching Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Pharrell & 2 Chainz] Tomorrow, tomorrow Tomorrow, tomorrow Ain't no such thing as tomorrow The way we living today [Verse 1: 2 Chainz] Dreads hang on the side Now everything Mr. Comme des Garçons, Mr. Alexander Wang Mr. Chain, pinky ring, flow insane, ho insane Man, these shoes I got on these are hardest I've done seen It look clean where you pour I remix it make it dirty If she got good head and text me I text back and tell her "hurry" It's that category 5 when I walk up in the strip club Throw it high, make you and George Washington head butt OG's never fed us, now young niggas fed up Ballin' so hard I deserve a and one Baking Soda marketing, I'm getting it ain't I? Obviously. You a bitch, you a ho, that's just my philosophy And I'm known to kick it like the captain of a soccer team Billie Jean red leather same color red lobster And she brain wash ya [?] I be fresh as hell if the Feds watching [Chorus x2: 2 Chainz & Pharrell] I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching I'mma be fresh as hell if the Feds watching Drop top, head bobbing [Verse 2: 2 Chainz] Grams to Grammy's, two guns Yosemite Niggas put their Glock on your ass, fuck that Heather B Pumping that amphetamine, all this D I'm peddling I be somewhere settling, somewhere that you have never been To the top you never been, you might need a respirator Money on the rise like I'm counting on a elevator You gon' need a detonator swimming with them barracudas Put the rocket on that ma'fucka prosecutor This Armani, this Givenchy, I parachute you I'm so fly I jumped out the Air Wang Gucci (Tell 'em!) I'm raw, talking California Rolls Smoking California weed with California hoes (Truu!) Sending flicks to my partners in the state pen I just got some pants made out off snake skin See them shades you got on call Ray-Bans And the shade I got on cost eight bands The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artst: A$AP Rocky f/ Gucci Mane, Pharrell, Waka Flocka Flame Album: Long.Live.A$AP Song: Jodye * Typed by: AZ Lyrics * Deluxe Edition bonus track [Verse 1] Bitch motherfuckers trying to fake it trill Sneak diss you just to make a bill, now the world won't take you serious When I met you, you was painting nails Leave a motherfucker layin' still, bang him with the stainless steel Cause I'm making the order Laugh at the altar, pullin' a Lord up Don't get someone sawed up Your brain in a sawdust, niggas is washed up I bang out in Florida Streets of Miami, goons out in Georgia Been to New Orleans But still a New Yorker, nigga the talk of Town, nigga we bossed up Bounce, but when you talk to the Lord Of course you're forced to Bow down like a motherfuckin' peasant Still that pretty motherfucker And you know Harlem's what I'm reppin' nigga Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down for my niggas Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down for my niggas Fuck them other niggas, I'll ride for my niggas, I'll die for my niggas Man, fuck them other niggas! Please talk to me lord, I am here for you lord [Verse 2] Gettin' faded, hair gettin' braided Sophie sniffed a line of ye Playin' spades, bumpin' Jimi Hendrix "Purple Haze" A 40 to the face, call my homies from around the way Give me that pussy, I'll be on my way But grab the jimmy so the bitch don't get no cash up out me Pretty nigga, I'm a jiggy nigga, ask about me Fuck niggas talkin' trash about me But you know I toke a gauge, it can make any problem go away Talkin' Jay, talkin' Ye, that mean you niggas talkin' cray Razor blade across your face, I fix my face then walk away I guess then there's nothin' more to say Trill nigga to the death, whether Hell or the pearly gates I think back to my early days Whippin' and pinchin' that broad dough It's a bit different now, switchin' and flippin' that raw flow Substance get me higher, reefer and some fire The devil is a liar, biased preachers shall retire Jesus walked on water, I'm preachin' to the choir Long live A$AP, now bow to your Messiah, bitch! Let the Lords toast with the Lords Toast to the Lords We come Gods, come Lords Lords! Lords! Lords! Oh Lord! Toast to the Lords! As we [?] this day, please pray for us When comes the saints, comes the evils, brings the Lords The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby f/ Clipse, Pharrell Williams Album: Birdman Song: What Happened To That Boy Typed by: can_i_bus3@hotmail.com [Baby (talking with echo)] Aye, Aye, Aye, Ya Tot' 'em up, light it up nigga Birdman motherfucker Clipse, VA, NO nigga What you smelt Coke'll leave plastic Get off the border motherfucker Come on little'n handle your business for me boy [Chorus: Pusha T & (Pharrell) (2x)] (Brrrrrrrrrrr) What happened to that boy (yo) (Brrrrrrrrrrr) What happened to that boy (Brrrrrrrrrrr) What happened to that boy He was talking shit we put a clap into that boy [Malice] Whoa...Yeah...Malicious...Yeah I heard they snitchin' on a player man say it aint so Even as a young'n they consigned me to blow Witches claims why I'm worth my weight in gold While they was taking baby steps from an 8th to an O Word in the streets that can envy as me Enough ice on that watch to make a nigga lose sleep Magnified face help the bitch see clearly 9 on the waist hit the bitch up severely I'm know for the flip of that coke I ener I'm heavy in the street like the 7 series Bimma Man, hit 'em with the Nina man Or that 4/5th guaranteed to lean ya man (Whoa) I'm the reason that your block is vacant Malicious will hit ya just to make a statement Bitch! Clipse and Cash Money who aint rich Don't compare me to you nigga you aint this (Whoa) [Baby] Aye...Aye...Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye... Stunna and Patty Cake the worldwide Pusha (get this money) Birdman nigga leave the guns in the busher (cuff 'em up, let 'em up bitch) Been shittin' up bricks unload 'em to Gucci Boss of the ghetto with the round shape cookie Shit one, Dro one nigga flood the block If I don't go to jail niggas birds gone flop Nigga sittin' on the toilet bitch get off the pot The bird just landed so the hood gon' rot New whips, big chips the Prada Gucci shit But mami your fly Benz the wide skinny lips She takes my flight she holds my weight While the po-po staked out from state to state It aint nuttin to a baller baby Pay the cars, big money, heavy weight, bird man, hood boss Baby steppin on my line I'll show a little somethin' They callin' you don't come out then the black crow will touch ya (touch ya) [Chorus (2x)] [Pusha T] Ughhh...Another soul lost Had to make a shirt match my ox blood colored Porsche Ughhh...The rims match of course Blood hit his Timbs it reminded me of them Glistenin' wrist on chiller Gun in the same palm of gorgeous killer I put this on my lord my niece was 4 when she felt chinchilla I past the shore for that shit that made fiends rise from the dead like  Thriller Gangster...Hustler At night still found time to kiss my mother Live like I'm dreamin' kick my feet up Gun pulled my waist remind me of my demon So quite ya yappin' fore I get to clappin And have your body parts mix and matching fella [Chorus (2x)] [Baby (talking)] Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, there it is nigga, there you have it Birdman, Clipse you under-smelt, VA you know Uptown nigga, we go anywhere with this bullshit We flip bricks you under-smell (gangster motherfucker) Aye nigga put this puzzle together Aye Pharrell you did this year (you did it nigga) A 1000 pieces puzzles (startrak) 100, you know Let's get this money (get the money) Hey nigga I smell somethin', coke'll leave plastic bitch Get money motherfucker However you want it you can get it pimp From gangster to blood nigga, take it how you want it nigga We did it how we live, aint nothin' but the thug thing nigga Money thing motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Lupe Fiasco, Pharrell Album: Give The Drummer Some Song: If You Want To Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (That's what you won't do!) [Lupe Fiasco] The mind's all a flutter no pigs on the gig  No swine for the supper, no wine in the cupboard  Everything of mine must show signs of the suffer And keep you abreast/a breast of the utter/udder, struggle to keep it all fresh like tupper One of the tougher Gingerbread Men out the cutter Skin ain't Huck' Finn but I ain't Nigger Jim, motherfucker I'm more like Clubber, from the upper cut of the gutter Never kowtow, I won't bow down to the bull like Calcutta That ain't what I'm rappin for, I'd rather be a matador So ta-ta/tartare, I'm rather raw I know that sounds fucked up like a repertoire But it's no Ruth's Chris if I lose, so I choose to keep 'em seein red like Crips and Pirus Ha~! He the guy who rides the haikus Schooled at Cooley High, who high as the knots too 'til it's time to rise up, ride for our views Tired of all the lies, won't abide by y'all rules AKs' and IQs', so my skies are light blue [Chorus: Pharrell] Hey, I must admit it, I ain't ashamed I'm the best - OH! They didn't get it, that's why I'm pissed off the rest - OH! Niggaz is jealous, 'cause what I got restin on my neck - OH! 'Cause it took me from down underground to soarin like a G4! Mug if you want to, bug if you want to Chill if you want to, shrug if you want to Build if you want to, joke if you want to, disrespect me That's what you won't do (That's what you won't do!) [Lupe Fiasco] Been around the world the things that I've seen These things get turned into things that I sing Things stringed together with similes in between Been mean since the teens, since little green Marines I beam, Mean Gene, Mean Greene, lean, dream, bing, Dean King Bling, bling, three rings, ringlings, O-O-O'ings - yeah! To move towards it I had the root for it like the home team, now they all lean Singin that Queen, "Somebody To Love," "Rhapsody Bohem'", "We Are Champ-ions" You don't wanna +Bite the Dust+, better stay on yo' scene  I drop the +Lyric+ - Woodbine, Bokeem You can document it - +Columbine Bowling+ I got the spirit, I require no wings A fly MC, rivetin my passions to buy Pro Wings  then wear 'em on the cover of your magazines Feeling real Yeti in my size 14s' tryna drop to {?}, GLOW! [Bridge: Pharrell] I'm performin, mama, now ain't nobody knowin me mama All these hoes on me, mama, Why the hell you ain't want me, mama - HEY! I'm performin, mama, now ain't nobody knowin me, mama - HEY! All these hoes on me, mama, Why the hell you ain't want me, mama - HEY! [Lupe Fiasco] Success is my friend; who knew that when I grew up I'd be just like him? Expect my roar if you reject my whim  Erect my law and respect my pimp... ...I +Bring the Pain+ - Method Man  I bring the pain - S&M Shout to Fam-Lay one of my bestest friends Try and kill us, send all your deaths threats in  I'll just reply with excess wins Please God correct my sins and protect my kin, as I jetset Headrest up and my leg rest in, let's go~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Sean f/ Pharrell Album: Finally Famous Song: Get It (DT) Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] Yo! It's money time! Yeah! Yezzir... Ho! Hey, hey! [Chorus - Pharrell] I'm tryna stuff 'em until I can't fit no more I'm talking Donald Trump level I'm trying to get these dreams off the ground All aboard for the shuttle All the ho-oh-oes, screaming "ho-oo-oh!" That nigga go, go for the goal [Verse 1 - Big Sean] Okay, B-I, B-I, bitch I do it to death If I come in with half, bet I leave with the rest OK, you might be cool getting 50% And I'm like, "fuck you doing? I need Diddy percent!" Got a million on line one, and another mil' dialing in Momma on line four, telling me how much not to spend 'Ye on line three, telling me how we about to win You on hold, tryna get conferenced in (Boi) I just, I just gotta have it, imagined and Make it happen, I prayed about it and grabbed it My life is a fucking movie, the baddest bitches get casted I'm in a race with myself to see, who could get it the fastest HUH, sipping on shit older than me The warmer the weather, the colder the drink The colder the weather, the warmer the mink I'm living life like a found a fucking check Wit no ink - I get it [Chorus - Pharrell] I'm tryna stuff 'em until I can't fit no more I'm talking Donald Trump level I'm trying to get these dreams off the ground All aboard for the shuttle All the ho-oh-oes, screaming "ho-oo-oh!" That nigga go, go for the goal, hey Get it, get it, nigga we gon' get it Get it, get it, nigga you could get it Get it, get it, nigga I can get Yeah, yeah, my nigga we gon' get it [Verse 2 - Big Sean] Whoa! The sky never seemed so low Looking at a life you've never seen so close I had a dream about a trillion in cash, it's time to make it happen I'm back to dreaming what you can't imagine Talking cash, that you got to fake a accent I've broke enough tree down that I could make a cabin Look - I turn all my problems to ash All my wants into haves and then divided by half Pass it on to my man, write my will out then Pass it on to my fam, and finally become a man I had a dream I was greatest of all time Greatest of all Big's, and greatest of all Sean's Sipping on shit older than me The warmer the weather, the colder the drink The colder the weather, the warmer the mink I'm living life like a found a fucking check Wit no ink - I get it [Chorus - Pharrell] I'm tryna stuff 'em until I can't fit no more I'm talking Donald Trump level I'm trying to get these dreams off the ground All aboard for the shuttle All the ho-oh-oes, screaming "ho-oo-oh!" That nigga go, go for the goal, hey Get it, get it, nigga we gon' get it Get it, get it, nigga you could get it Get it, get it, nigga I can get Yeah, yeah, my nigga we gon' get it Let's go... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Pharrell, Malice Album: No More Drama Song: Steal Away Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] It's just that ghetto (*echo*) Ghetto, ghetto, ghetto It's just that ghetto (*echo*) Ghetto, ghetto, ghetto This ghetto (*echo*) That ghetto (*echo*) We still ghetto (*echo*) That ghetto (*echo*) [Verse 1 - Pharrell] I've been thinkin' lately baby Maybe we should leave here tonight I've been pushing papers crazy Even if it's wrong I feel it's right Maybe we can make sweet love Girl I know it feel so good In order to escape this pressure You know what, we should [Chorus - Mary J. Blige] Steal away Steal away Leave for a day We'll never say We should have, left much more soon For one night, let's share the moon Can we make love, all damn day Let's steal away [Verse 2 - Mary J. Blige] You know I really need you, sugar I want you to make me your wife I can't wait till we leave out So we can be together, there's no doubt That my love, it has no limits So I will wipe away your frown Packed all my sexy secrets Now I'll join you, for the rest our lives [Bridge - Mary J. Blige] We should have left, much more soon For one night, let's share the moon Can we make love, all damn day Now steal away [Verse 3 - Malice] For sure ma, I steal away Car keys to my man's Benz, and peal away Spillin 'Ze, whether your man like it or not He ain't diggin' it right, so I'ma be pipin' the lot I see a hot mami, hold on if you able We put a flake on your hand, I'll floss your navel What it costs, I'm able, to make you happy Whether it's the back of the Four Dot Six (4.6) or the Navi' Blankets and pillows fluffed up And we shine like we puffed up, blowin' that 'dro till we fucked up His luck's up, I just stole his honey Own his honey, he wilin' like I stole his money His gold is honeys, my gold is money, he can have my wife While me and you live that lavish life With your V. Secret satin tight, thongs and bras I'm hoping to God this ain't no mirage [Chorus x2] [Outro - Pharrell] It's just that ghetto (*echo*) Ghetto, ghetto, ghetto It's just that ghetto (*echo*) Ghetto, ghetto, ghetto This ghetto (*echo*) That ghetto (*echo*) We still ghetto (*echo*) That ghetto (*echo*) This is one of those records My pops used to listen to ya know Let's ride, chillin' with the gangsta lean Mary got the gangsta lean Come on, the Neptunes got the gangsta lean The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bow Wow f/ Pharrell Album: Unleashed Song: The Movement Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] Hah, hah, hah, hah Hah, hah, oh Lord, hah, hah [Verse 1 - Bow Wow] Young and confused, with nothin to lose But somethin' to prove, my hunger my views I use them as tools, to refuse for the sake of rebellin' Breakin the rules and yellin', tellin them to come and walk in my shoes Come and try it, be defiant, we pump the heart of a lion See if you like it, you livin yo life culturally bias Cause the ghettos got a bad rep, and we got a bad rap So we get a half step, in the door, get the last laugh, hah No future no past, we live for the right now Want us to pipe down, but this is what life sounds Like when thugs cry, and I seen love die And I've seen the hater born, and pawn as they take on form As they take on, the world is placed on our shoulder But socially, they never know what's up They approach us with they pre-concieved notions At least that's what the homies told me [Chorus - Bow Wow] The celebration, the movement Man we young and confused, but to ambitious to lose it You see we loving life Since we was just critters, they said that we'd be go gettas This is the movement Man we young and confused, but to ambitious to lose it You see we loving life Since we was just critters, they said that we'd be go gettas [Verse 2 - Bow Wow] Like the war thing, I don't know what y'all seen But my generation is gettin caught in the cross beams No preparation, medication, and vacines No reparation for the children who ask things But get no answers, they just say pull your pants up They don't understand us, but still repremand us Demand us to live this, and that and that and this And it has us pissed, and after this I'll probably be band, but I gotta take a stand Cause you see what happened when +Eminem+ ignored +Stan+ He just lost it be cautious, see we all targets My thoughts are sparatic, I feel so asthmatic Out of breath, sick of talkin, so we takin action Against a democracy, full of hipocracy I know it's more than me, and my hip hop eyes that see That's what the homie said to me [Verse 3 - Pharrell] In the world that has so much goin' on, could leave you paranoid Like now there's poppin noise, please don't just think its project boys Whether your urban life, or your suburban knights It doesnt matter, what matters is if your swerving right Dont get it twisted, a lot happens in suburban nights Cause dead is dead, whether in your room or a club at night But the Lords been shinin' on ya, he said "I'm there to calm ya" He said "I'll be back", the words like Sara Conners She said we sleepin on her, wake up and leanin on her We terminated for playin, terminator by your honor We don't wanna die We just wanna fly (Haha, HO!) [Bow Wow] Have you felt like, you just wanna get away man It's the movement I don't think yall heard me It's the movement man [Outro - Bow Wow] Hey, that's what the homie told me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Toni Braxton f/ Loon, Pharrell Williams  Album: Hit the Freeway 12" Song: Hit the Freeway Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse: Loon] And we don't stop, no ma What's the problem Always complaining when there's chick are starvin' What type of game is this? I used to support ya, I thought you'd appreciate  Some of these things that I bought ya Shoes from Milan, Louis Vuitton Animals on back and jewels on your arm Mami, it's nothin to make moves with a Don Loon the Big Fish, leave them fools in the pond [Verse: Toni Braxton] Just when I made up my mind I thought, but you would allow You had your chance, you owe me What makes you wanna call now? Can you try to tell me What made you choose her as your friend?  (Chose you as a friend, baby) Just when I think you've given up It's you again... All I can say [Chorus: Toni Braxton + (Pharrell Williams)] Farewell my lonely one Nothing else that can be done (So hit the freeway!) I don't ever wanna see you again You didn't do me right so So long, goodbye, goodnight (So hit the freeway!) Maybe in some other life I'll see you again [Verse: Toni Braxton] I would have bet the Dow Jones If men compared to our fun, yeah Imagine how crush it was When you say I was not the one  (I didn't mean it girl, sorry bout that) My friends say I was in denial Defendin' you as a perfect friend Now no new rumors have risen up (psst psst psst psst psst) It's you again... Now all I can say [Chorus - 2] Farewell my lonely one Nothing else that can be done (So hit the freeway!) I don't ever wanna see you again (sing it girl) You didn't do me right so So long, goodbye, goodnight (So hit the freeway!) Maybe in some other life I'll see you again (bridge) [Bridge] But now that you've left me Crazy you upset me You only could have kept me But baby you didn't get me home To finally discover, explorin' covers World as we know it But you had to go and blow it! [Verse: Toni Braxton] Damn, it's been so long Since I head your voice last summer To be honest it made me smile When I seen you not with her  (Hey baby, you know I miss you, ha-ha) Will you tell me what I should feel Instead of being your regret (You know why) Maybe some day in your dreams my love You could say, "damn it's you again" Now all I can say [Chorus - 3] Farewell my lonely one (Farewell) Nothing else can be done (So hit the freeway!) I don't ever wanna see you again (Don’t wanna see you, again) You didn't do me right so (Do me right baby) So long, goodbye (bye bye) goodnight (So hit the freeway!) Maybe in some other life I'll see you again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Pharrell, Tosh Album: Back On My B.S. Song: Kill Dem	 Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com {Intro: Pharrell] (Busta Rhymes) Ho! (Hmmm! Eh!) Ho! (Hmmm! Eh!) Hey! (Hmmm! Eh!) Ho! (Hmmm! Eh!) [Verse One: Busat Rhymes] What di blooclaat yuh a talk bout when mi in di place and yuh see di bwoy a walk bout (TRUE!) Don use two ting park outside a di club and yuh see police chalk out (Hmmm!) A likkle eediat bwoy mass out see di pretty gal dem side a di place pass out (HEH HEH HEH HEH!!!!) True mi a luagh out Come through and mek di people too massive mi caan south Di likkle fool fool bwoy cross out and mi in di place yuh know seh mi a shine floss out (GWAAN SHINE RUDEBWOY!) Yuh nuh see boss deh bout True and when mi a talk yuh fi shut yuh mouth Look, any bwoy waan test blast out pop coppa shot yuh should a tek anodda ras rout Now before mi get ready fi flash out bring two big batty gal back a mi ras house [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (*Pharrell) (Tosh) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) (*Look at that muffin!) (What di bloodclaat dem a talk bout!) (*Look at that muffin!) A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Dem a know seh we run this bloodclaat round here!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Weh dem a really a deal wid?) (*Look at that muffin!)  A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (Yuh nuh know seh a we run this bumbohole!) (*Look at that muffin!) (YAH HEAR MI!!!!!!!!!)  [Verse Two: Busta Rhymes] Concrete control everyting inna di bloodclaat street (EH!!!!) It nuh really matta weh dem waan speak bare cocksman deh bout we nuh eat people meat (TRUE!) Nuff woman in di place dem a bleach when yuh hear big tune more fire dem a preach (HA!) When man pull up and di tire dem a screech whole heap a excitement when dem find out seh we reach Now, when, big man come through have manners, cau mi nuh know weh dem a try do Yo, oonu fi know seh we nuh skin out bwoy who waan test ol' dutty big gunman crew (RAH!) Gal see mi and she seh Mr. Rhymes tek wine, nuh matta gun inna yuh waistline (CHO!!!!) Now yuh know seh she know di routine mi a beat dat and tek it to anodda extreme [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (*Pharrell) (Tosh) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) (*Look at that muffin!) (What di bloodclaat dem a talk bout!) (*Look at that muffin!) A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Dem a know seh we run this bloodclaat round here!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Weh dem a really a deal wid?) (*Look at that muffin!)  A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (Yuh nuh know seh a we run this bumbohole!) (*Look at that muffin!) (YAH HEAR MI!!!!!!!!!)  [Verse Three: Busta Rhymes] Everytime mi hear di most wickedest ting I'm still inna mi prime (True!) Whole heap a people still inna di line watch how dem a wait fi see mi every bloodclaat time Big batty mi must fill up dat when mi touch sound selecta must puul up dat  (BO BO BO BO BO BO BO BO!!!!!!!!) Yuh see di dancehall packed Nuff shot fire till somebody lay dung flat Hey! And if yuh really wanna know who a di maddest is Mi when mi siddung and a bun nuff chalice Now! I mon waan know dem a manage and mi dun dance till every bloodclaast vanish (HA!) From Brooklyn way dung a Buckingham Palace bare pretty gal a par and yuh know we a di baddest  More fire bun di place wid a book a matches gal tek wuk from when mi a dig inna yuh crotches [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (*Pharrell) (Tosh) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) (*Look at that muffin!) (What di bloodclaat dem a talk bout!) (*Look at that muffin!) A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Dem a know seh we run this bloodclaat round here!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Weh dem a really a deal wid?) (*Look at that muffin!)  A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (Yuh nuh know seh a we run this bumbohole!) (*Look at that muffin!) (YAH HEAR MI!!!!!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Bounty Killer, Mavado, Pharrell, Tosh Album: Kill Dem (Remix) 12" Song: Kill Dem (Remix)	 Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro] Mek we get mad to bloodclaat!!!  All a di people who waan hear one big bumboclaat tune now go so! GO SO! GO SO! Listen dat tune yah! [Busta Rhymes] Heh! A KILL DEM!!!! Remix, Busta Bus! KILL DEM!!!! Remix, Mavado! KILL DEM!!!! Remix, Bounty Killer! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Wah gwaan! Big Bus Rhymes inna di place, big gun still inna mi waist (Yeah!) We don't like when man stand up and a crowd up mi space, cutlass dig inna yuh face (CHO!) See di way mi come a bring anodda classic, come through gunman a rinse every ratchet Bloodclaat mad, as I return wid di remix wid di Warlord and di Gully God (YEAH!) Mek sure yuh have mi money inna di brown bag (GWAAN) Fuck wid mi money if yuh tink seh oonu bad Mi have somethin fi yuh and yuh know seh yuh nuh used to Send gal ova and stand up and shoot yuh (HEH HEH HEH!!) Well, look how di whole a we a run when mi deh bout inna di place oonu fi know dance DUN Glad fi see di way di people dem a have fun but mi nah go nowhere and leff mi racthet dem a come  [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (*Pharrell) (Tosh) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) (*Look at that muffin!) (What di bloodclaat dem a talk bout!) (*Look at that muffin!) A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Dem a know seh we run this bloodclaat round here!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Weh dem a really a deal wid?) (*Look at that muffin!)  A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (Yuh nuh know seh a we run this bumbohole!) (*Look at that muffin!) (YAH HEAR MI!!!!!!!!!)  [Verse Two: Mavado] It's just mi!!!! My girl and my fuckin gun! Yeah! Dem a be on di fuckin run! I don't really give a fuck, unda di moon or di sun Pussyhole betta tek wey dem bloodclaat self when di hear God a step pon di ground Shots fly through head, more than flesh see, dat raw like cup widout dressin Pussyhole should a know seh mi up until, mi get a bloodclaat blessin Even when dem dead, mi keep pressin, mi pressin dem stressin blood leff him How di fuck, dem fi rise dem forgot when di dogs dem don't waan nuh vet in Gunshot dem fi get, dat dem gettin, it's easy, I ain't sweatin Bwoy, even a tabernacle pon di hill, Killer gun dem go check in [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (**Bount Killer) (*Pharrell) (Tosh) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) (*Look at that muffin!) (What di bloodclaat dem a talk bout!) (*Look at that muffin!) A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Dem a know seh we run this bloodclaat round here!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Weh dem a really a deal wid?) (*Look at that muffin!)  A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (Yuh nuh know seh a we run this bumbohole!) (**RELAX!!!! BOOM!!!!)  [Verse Three: Bounty Killer} Alliance di meanest, war extremest, ain't neva dreamed this, or even seened this Chalk round body and it a murder scene this kill bwoy di cleanest bwoy weh move leanish Chat and dem a bitch like seh dem a tek penis, Flipmode, Gully, Alliance a di team this People dead and this time mi mean it, run up inna mi gun and di whole clip mi gi him it But Killer head hot, hotta than a oven, hotta and bun up like a pot on a stove, and Some a map, dem a map, and a hop dem a hop, But I are di one who's chosen Well!!! Killer war dem a use to, shoot up di car wid di rum and di boots too Bwoy yuh a nyam gal cherry and a bum like berry and a suck pussyhole man a go shoot yuh [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (*Pharrell) (Tosh) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) A KILL DEM!!! (And one and two and three and four lick a shot more fire!!!!) (*Look at that muffin!) (What di bloodclaat dem a talk bout!) (*Look at that muffin!) A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Dem a know seh we run this bloodclaat round here!) (*Look at that muffin!) (Weh dem a really a deal wid?) (*Look at that muffin!)  A KILL DEM!!! (*Look at that muffin!) (Yuh nuh know seh a we run this bumbohole!) (*Look at that muffin!) (YAH HEAR MI!!!!!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ P. Diddy, Pharell (The Neptunes) Album: Pass the Courvoisier 12" Song: Pass the Courvoisier Part 2 (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna [Busta Rhymes] Act a fool you better watch out (uh-huh) Hot shit be bringin the cops out (c'mon) Street niggaz is ringin them shots out [P. Diddy] Short circuit and blacken the blocks out Now open up the garage and pull the drops out Rockin the fur coat bringin the blue fox out [Busta Rhymes] Diamonds light up the block, runnin the blue rocks out (uh) Whylin till all of my crew knocks out (c'mon) [P. Did] Get yo' ass up on the floor [Rhymes] Huh, throw ya hands if you wan't some more (ho!!!) [P. Diddy] Baby, wiggle your crotch out, huh And peep the way we be blowin them spots out [Busta Rhymes] C'mon, look how we got 'em ready to act out Girl, I'm ready to give it twistin your back out (let's go) [P. Did] Drink yack till a nigga fallin out [Rhymes] Flat on his back now watch a nigga crawlin out, talk to me [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'mon) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say? (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! [P. Did] Girl, you need to shake it off [Rhymes] Too much hair on your cho-cha [P. Did] Then shave it off [Rhymes] C'mon, jump smack yo' ass and break it off [P. Did] And if it's too hot for y'all? [Rhymes] You need to take it off (that's right) [P. Did] In case you ain't knowin niggaz we on a roll now [Busta Rhymes] Diddy, like we done stumbled on a pot of gold now - c'mon Food spillin all out (yeah) of the bowl now, huh! Money thick, get harder to fold now - c'mon [P. Did] Ladies tell me if you're feelin {*alright*} [Rhymes] And are you sure that you up for doin it {*all night*} [P. Did] I like this [Busta Rhymes] Listen, before you ass bet, nigga We wreck shit and we ain't even blacked yet (c'mon) [P. Diddy] Niggaz all around and police rapidly shut down the block [Busta Rhymes] And the club ain't even packed yet - c'mon Nuff drinkin at the bar hold it down whylin out 'til the club is closed down, talk to me [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'mon) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! [Bridge] (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna [Rhymes] Rob a bank my nigga, cash rule [P. Did] Bust it, let's get this money and act like a damn fool [Rhymes] Fuck it, act stupid and jump in the damn pool - huh! [P. Did] Bone bitches and me and they man's cool [Busta Rhymes] C'mon, shit I'm sayin, just put your bank up, nigga Put me and Diddy together you bankrupt - c'mon [P. Diddy] Fly niggaz we full of finesse y'all, yeah! [Busta Rhymes] Me and my niggaz is fittin to bless y'all - c'mon Don't talk about it, be about it - SHUT UP!!! Live niggaz come and be around it - WHATTUP!! C'MON; rep to the fullest now - huh! These niggaz ain't knowin how we gon' put it down - c'mon Cock, aim and shoot [P. Did] to spray it down [Rhymes] Steamrollin you niggaz [P. Did] and lay it down [Rhymes] Niggaz frontin with they thug image [P. Did] but we pay them no mind [Rhymes] Now drink until the bottle finished, talk to me [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'monn) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! [Bridge] (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'mon) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cee-Lo f/ Pharrell Album: Cee-Lo Green is the Soul Machine Song: Let's Stay Together Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Verse 1: I've have already seen my future And it looks exactly like you And being in love is sho nuff a battle But I am determined to fight on through Now some people might consider me a star or som'(something) Shit, but they need to shine the light on you If loving you is wrong I'm sorry, but right won't do I wanna live Chorus (Pharrell): Live Live Live, Live together Baby we can make it, but first we have to chase Live Live Live, Live forever Baby you know we could live forever, yeah Verse 2: I know you see me over here in the darkness Talk please, stop pretending that you heartless Okay okay okay alright okay you win babe Could you find a way to forgive me again babe? Get on my knees right here on the dance floor for ya I'll tap dance for tips at the front door for ya All I'm tryin to say, is forward from this day I wanna live Repeat Chorus (1X) You hear me woman? What you don't think I'll make a fool out of myself in this club this evening girl? You gotta know (gotta know) you gotta know (gotta know) That I love you baby Repeat Chorus (1X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J.C. Chasez f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Pharrell Williams Album: Schizophrenic Song: Some Girls (Dance With Women) (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [J.C.] The door is coming off the hinges About to pass out, no doubt it's hot in here Because the club is full of women It's wall to wall and I got my crew with me We grab a table spot to chill in Hunt down a waitress, make an order Here we go Throw back a drink and let it kick in It takes a minute Who's ready to have some fun? [Hook: J.C.] Get up and take a lap and mingle Love being single on a night like this, yea So many beautiful young people That game is lethal, you don't have to kill them though Just look at everyone as equal While you were dancing she was watching, feeling you Her and her girlfriends by the speaker All moving on each other, this is when the show begins [Break: J.C.] Baby girl you keep looking at me Move your body so sexy Nice and slow, watch you roll You know how I like it Baby girl cause you know you got me Move your body so sexy Nice and slow, watch you roll You know how I like it [Chorus: J.C.] Some girls dance with women Knowing that it gets them attention And I wanna get in with them So pass me a drink and lets roll (Come here girl) Some girls dance with women Knowing that it gets them attention I wanna get in with them So pass me a drink and lets go (Lets go) [J.C.] Might have to peel me off the ceiling I'm like a soda that's been shaken up... boom I find the playfulness appealing That cat and mouse chase On your mark, get ready, go Send you a drink, see what the deal is Held up your glass and blew a kiss, and took a sip When you were finished, back to business You and your girlfriends group up This is how you draw them in [Break] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oh, I like the way you twerk it, twerk it, twerk it You and your girlfriend, sexual whirlwind (Yea) Right there booty jiggling while you jerk it Dirty's gonna work it out (Do that thing) Now I'm ready to put my work in Double my pleasure, whatever, lets get together (Work it) Spend the night with me, that's all right with me (Shake it girl) Long as you bring the thong, the thong thong (Work those hips, girl) If you wanna freak make noise I'm the boy I, like, sipping on juice and gin Touching bucknaked skin Your girlfriend and twin [Pharrell] Step right up and spin the wheel All charged up on what you feel Make an approch tryin' to keep it real What's you name, girl? Try your luck and spin the wheel All charged up on what you feel Make an approach tryin' to keep it real I wanna take you home Yea-yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Child Rebel Soldier (Kanye West, Lupe Fiasco, Pharrell) Album: Don't Stop! 12" Song: Don't Stop! Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Pharrell] Uh, what? Explain yourself, how you sound like me? The motherfucking Skateboard P Knowing that you're me low, playing games like you're Cee-Lo in a tight situation like speedos You can have it your way like Carlito My nigga will be happy to give you torpedos and have you car twisted like a blunt For you faggot-ass niggas that like to front I'm on some BBC Bape shit, I'm on some cake shit In the kitchen with the heat making beats in my apron You hating and you want to erase it Close your eyes when you know you can't take it My flow interrupts your homeostasis I Rolls Royce it on a regular basis You talk street shit, it sound like sweet shit Straight liquorice, you niggas sound ticklish Eighty K large for the Hermes dream Purple Croton all your magazines Hunger strike yourself, look like Celine Dion, me and my niggas like Freon Your bitch is on my pecan, she got an ass you can eat on Try to play tough like the leather on a Vuitton I hit it till I could seat on Try to get her freak on Ask me to R. Kelly ya and get peed on I said it ain't me mom That eight behind me still got the burner Yes the Enzo is still black like Sojourner Truth, I might have just loosened a tooth Spitting what I live in the booth I'm out, poof~! [Lupe Fiasco] Carrera, raised in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle era Wanna bear and tell the truth? I dare ya You'll lie, so eat this whole powder with these jalapeno peppers The terror made in America, 2 Live Fuck the property or give me my props properly High off life, this high-tecmology, DeVry Now, rep Muhammad Ali, more like rapology My policy's not to be dishonestly deprived So gimme that, gimme that, keep God, where my city at? I'm like steak and fries, but never died They wanna Ghostface Wallabee me but they will posthaste follow me into the after life That means you going right after I've But I'm the hero, sorta like Jack Sparrow So someway, somehow, I have survived Ha, ha, surprise Who is he that we see coming over the tides in a speed boat, boatload of pride? Fall of rum, dress-shirted and the mastermind tie He what happens when rapping and avant-garde fashion collide So OMG it's the C from the C-R-S L-O-L-ing at you haters, tell your BFFs like [Kanye West] Yes, Mr. West, turn that new child rebel Loud as a badass child level Who need a chorus? We do it Tyrannosaurus Tyrone, it's been a year with no phone Could you explain how high is your zone? We'll take a plane, rub his nose in cocaine His hoes in magazines, you lames stay in your lane And for the hate in advance, pull down your pants Make 'em kiss both cheeks like we living in France Diamonds bluish, business manager's Jewish And if I get sued, my lawyers Jews Some girls do grab the cojones Say you got enough diamonds to at least Sierra +loan+ us Brand new ferraris, I gotta make the donuts C-R-S is like a Hip Hop Christmas bonus Niggas is hating on the internet, I couldn't tell I was too busy rapping, good as hell I was too busy flying, parasail Get Talib to get the new shit that Paris sell Tarantino, Da Vinci, getting Benjies Get half off at Fendi, half of that's to Cindy's Hopped out the spaceship, put my Mork in Mindy Popped too many corks to let you dorks offend me Props to New York, but Chi-town's the city Get my groupie hoochies Gucci, Monica Belluccis Are those the real millionnaires or the bendies? I'm so ultra, I'm even over Oprah Well, let me check your account, ha, ha, no sir The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Child Rebel Soldier (Kanye West, Lupe Fiasco, Pharrell) Album: Us Placers 12" Song: Us Placers Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Lupe Fiasco] Yeah, just a little bit, just a little bit And it goes.. Lifestyles of the rich and famous Bought a big house and a whole lot of Ranges A fresh new couch and a whole lot of trainers A closet full of clothes and some brand new dangers And, some Mexican floral arrangers A great big TV that'll entertain us Some colorful commissions for some high-paid painters Someone to take the wrap so that I stay stainless And, a new relationship with a banker Two pinky rings for my manicured fingers A trained German Shepherd that bark when it's angered to watch my possessions and look out for strangers And, a fifty-foot yacht with an anchor A young supermodel that shall remain nameless Ups and the downs, the sames and the changes All the money in the world don't make it painless, no [Chorus: Lupe Fiasco] + (Thom Yorke "The Eraser" sample) But they love it and they love it ("The more you try to erase me, the more..") And they love it, and they love it And they love it, and they love it ("The more that I appear, oh the more..") And they love it, and they love it And they love it, and they love it ("The more you try the eraser, the more..") And they love it, and they love it And they love it, and they love it ("The more that you appear") [Kanye West] Plain Pat what up? Uh, uh Lifestyles of the broke and famous Let you know how crazy this game is Look at all the new beautiful faces At-home supermodel, MySpaces Long for they shot on the TV screen Amercian Idol never seen these dreams Just last week they want to see I.D. Now they got you in V.I.P., huh? How many people almost famous? You almost remember what they name is Like "Hey, didn't you play in..?" "No it couldn't be, quit playing" I try to keep that balance After MTV, that's a Real World Challenge Back on that train Never to be heard from again [Pharrell] G-R-I-P P-I-M-P I, any spelling bitch, come on that's me I bring a burning sensation to the urban eye like an eye-drop of turpentine You can listen to the serpent, fine But the earth's got gas, once it burps, it's fine Some around me, they talk about degrees Not G.H.G., how to cook a quarter key Talking all nasal, he ain't never over that cold No glove, scrubs, man he just over that stove Perfect paradigm, wrong place, wrong time Should have been Pfizer, GlaxoSmithKline Number one chemist, look at him, no blemish Egg shell off-white like a DuPont finish Young, dumb, high-strung, who could handle us? I wonder how god's gon' paint today's canvases Cause who knew that day that man would just go to V.A. with a TEC and spray campuses What a way to see the cover of Time I know that nigga wish he was standing in line to see it.. as if he didn't do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Magnum Album: Exclusive Audio Footage Song: Bodysnatchers Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Terrar] Yeah, yeah.. What y'all wanna do? What y'all wanna do? C-L, I-P, S-E, N-E-R-D What y'all wanna do? [Verse - Terrar] My coke money's in cleaners Give it a fresh rinse That bitch wit the tech, first line of defense Pullin' up in the Ac' black shit wit dents Test her aim, we'll be speaking your name in past tense Dress have you stressed till all black the scheme Chest poor formation when I'm wit my team Stand on the back line, rope fit for kings How we floss, high gloss, we livid through your dreams Death before dishonor, cut by Kitana Play while I lay, bathhouse Tijuana Getting fucked by Lana, hoes in the sauna Like I asked though, but her head was the trauma Arrogant for a reason, sex all season Two chicks, one dick, the odds are uneven Niggaz die for treason, heart stop beating Hang em from the lightpoles wintertime, when it's freezing Take the safety off lock, forty cali' chrome cock All I wanna hear, pows and pops And your last two breaths fore your breathin stop Bodysnatch you, whether it's rhythm or ones Bodysnatch you, whether grenade or guns Yo to all of my rivals, hold you bitches liable When it's time I'm pulling out my nine from the Bible [Chorus - Magnum & (Pharrell)] (2x) I'ma catch your body tonight (tonight) Give a fuck about the blue light (blue light) Like you can't get debate the rhythm (can't wait to get him) I'ma snatch your body tonight (tonight) [Verse - Pharrell Williams] Yo, Hell Hath No Fury, look at my jewelry Blew the fuck out, like Jesus gave it to me Virginia's where my spot be, NSX car keys Don't try to take em, I'm twin glockly Eat you like broccoli, then spit the stems Description, Liberace, fits the gems Was six when I traveled, the young black Pharrell Walk you out your crib wit your lips around the barrel Niggaz wanna murder me, dirty me Jesus died and rose at the age of thirty-three Resurrection bitch, my pertection bitch Your head's about the have Devil's numbers etched in, bitch There's that bitch Annie, with the eyes that sandy Girl of the supplier's brother, named Minny Glock many tecs so security could scan me Hit of the year, I better get a street Grammy It's hot in this back seat, slut bitch fammy There's that nigga, rest in Miami The voice of Tammy Lucas means I'm gon shoot this heater And mack entire crews like Reba My nigga Q-Ball, got eighty rounds to do y'all In God I wait, call em I can't wait to get to y'all A genie is blasphemus, anthraxous And who makes money, cleaning money, through taxes? [Verse - Malice] You can catch me in the back of the club, wit a buzz Wilding out frivolous, it's about ten of us Cats they envy us, wanna bust, either them or us What a rush when they make attempts to finish us Can't diminish us, our plan to sinister When it's all done and said, you in the need of ministers I'm the nigga that you feel, for wetting you up Make you feel like everything's love and setting you up We blown up, and these blocks got em sewn up Niggaz talking funny on my cell, hang the phone up Chicks wit the blunts, pull the pump shotty outta your bunk Body in a slump, either way, making em jump We got pretty cars, key to the city ours We the type to get a free lap dance, in titty bars Y'all floss, nah, we flaunt like drugs ours Sky's the limit, so we fly and touch stars Fuck y'all, no good full of hate niggaz Rush up in your spot, where my where the cake niggaz Break niggaz, wit the heat, penetrate niggaz And move it down south like my out of state niggaz Ill right? hit you wit two, now what it feel like? Looking like some TV shit, but this is real life Fuck, we got pies to slice, jewels to ice Feel the wrath of this Clipse shit, lose your life [Chorus - repeat 4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Ab-Liva, Pharrell, Roscoe P. Coldchain Album: Lord Willin' Song: Cot' Damn Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus - Pharrell] Cot' damn! It's a new day! Cot' damn! But the nigga wanted money! Hooooouuuuuu! Hooooouuuuuu! Hooooouuuuuu! Cot' damn! [Verse 1 - Malice] Uh, they just can't understand or phathom my demeanor Unapproachable appearance to how I pack the ninas Out of two, Clipse they say Malice the meanest Got love for guns and caine, let nothin' come between us You miss took me for a rapper huh Well that makes me an actor, cause I would rather clap a gun And buck on them niggas who hate Who wanna be in my shoes, live my life, but can't carry my weight I understand that the envy is part of the game But make no mistake, you and I, we are not the same Naw bitch I'm liable to splatter ya shit Light up ya world, 'til you start to stagger and shit Watch how them hollows straight, rattle ya shit And I leave it to y'all, to freestyle and battle and shit That's not me, I'm more at home wit the chrome Or that play wit the yay, moving 12 for a zone, I'm gone [Chorus - Pharrell] Cot' damn! It's a new day! Cot' damn! But the nigga wanted money! [Verse 2 - Ab-Liva] God damn, when that white hits the pan and Comes back hard, I can account for every gram and The streets molded the man I am The pimp, the hustler, the crook, the killer, go-rilla Traits of a blow dealer, cost my fame I hustle, I'm rich, blow scrilla I'm the torch that, carry the game The flame I throw, crack change came from blow Push the O's, six lay close Hug the streets, I hug the beat, change flows Thug the streets, my love is deep, my pain shows My hearts on a sleeve-a Nigga that they gave they soul and hearts to mistreat you Nigga told, they breaking my heart on the streets so Watch the phonies, watch ya homies We pop-pop, DROP you homey [Chorus - Pharrell] Cot' damn! It's a new day! Cot' damn! But the nigga wanted money! [Verse 3 - Pusha T] They call me Pusha for one reason Cause I keep that sniff all seasons Whether the price is up or down I keep a mound to pitch from, you don't have to shop around When it come to that money, I get stealth Three guns is fortune, and I don't mind sharing wealth Dog, I know about my life I been around the world thrice times, I mean what I say From that Panama sun, the French chanzalize Grind so deep-rooted, I can't turn away To sell base is now, somewhat therapeutic Hear what I say, please don't confuse it My verses heal, like Curt Mayfield's music (Pharrell: Are you a pusha), damn right I treat ya nose to hook ya And only pull back to cook ya, partner [Chorus - Pharrell] Cot' damn! It's a new day! Cot' damn! But the nigga wanted money! [Verse 4 - Roscoe P. Coldchain] I be damned if I die of starvation, things is fucked up as is So I bangs my cab-bage; do you not know the most effective Way of gettin' money, pull yo gun - ra-pid Leave, and watch you see the situation be corrected Lord Heavens, why must I live so devilish They say whatcha do comes back on you two times I shoulda been died, but I'm still walking around wit two nines Who wants to be a millionaire, me, and you ain't got no more life lines You a snitch nigga fighting crime, go ahead and tell the police Cause every move you make, I'ma throw a slug And hope you choke blood, nigga on every breath you take Not to be broke, cause Coldchain fate witness Naturally spitting from me, human gat, field to the limit Head to the menace, loud niggas talking gibberish Grind beef, I deliver it, you cock the mineral service, for certain Live in the living room, searching to hurting you [Chorus - Pharrell] Cot' damn! It's a new day! Cot' damn! But the nigga wanted money! Hooooouuuuuu! Hooooouuuuuu! Hooooouuuuuu! Cot' damn! {*Skit at end of the track begins*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Williams, Rosco P. Coldchain Album: Hell Hath No Fury Song: Chinese New Year Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Chorus - Pusha T] (Pharrell) I'm at your door, your eyes are like why are you here Judging by my steel I got something to do here Give up the money or the angel cries two tears Front of your crib sounding like Chinese New Year (Brrraaattt - brrraaattt, brrraaattt - brrraaattt, ka-ka-kat-kat) (Brrraaattt - brrraaattt, brrraaattt - brrraaattt, ka-ka-kat-kat) [Verse - Pusha T] Mask on face, glock in hand I was in and out of homes like the Orkin man Never listen to my parents like an orphan man Strong finger on the trigger like it's dwarf's hands Confiscate goodies like Repo Man Sam Make nigga kick that can, fall victim to the Klick Klack Klan My vixen eat ya face, like ya she Ms. Pac-Man; my wish her command, UH! ADT's ain't stop me. Simple like ABC's Snip cut game just as easy as 1-2-3 Breaking an entry so elementary Get what the hustlers get for trying to do what the hustlers do Give up the cash 'fore I turn you Cookie Monster blue And your man and them for trying to be hustlers too Earnie and Bert, I bet them bullet holes burning and hurt [Verse - Malice] Let's play cops and robbers, and watch Heckler & Koch turn cops to martars As well as niggaz wit plots to rob us Try me, I'll turn this motherfucker into shuttas Wit them 911's revin, gunfire leave brethren remains like 9/11 And get the sounds of rounds dispensing That clack up make 'em back up like it's invisible fencing When I picture bits and pieces of bone chip and flesh, it tears me to pieces Cooperate, escaping useless; trust me I'm your friend, I will talk you through this Trick or treat niggaz wit hoods want the goods I feel like Robin Hood when I share it wit my hood Don't forget, he who plays hero gets hit Don't let the 9 mill riddle your wits smarty pants [Verse - Rosco P. Coldchain] Sympathy? I feel none When you hear that humming, common sense to take a duck and get the fuck outta harms way Your dying would absolutely make my day Why he had to go look who, but he wasn't so he got betrayed This is what I did to him, shoved a grenade in his mouth Hurried out his crib, before that My niggaz raped his bitch, molested his kids Filled it wit gas, lit a match, and blew up the shit While on this earth, if I didn't get you right you better hold your pistol tight When we meet in the afterlife, Coldchain I'm the black one that bleed Rosco P, young G, I don't speak I just squeeze 97 P will make you drop to your knees Before you know it, you'll be floating to a better place your soul feeling free I'm young, black and I just don't give a fuck Big gun on my waist, drugs in the trunk Sitting high in a truck, call me luck, com-press me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: Til the Casket Drops Song: Counseling Typed by: d.m.bamford@gmail.com Yo... [Chorus - Pharrell] Look at that ass just bouncin' Oh, god, I need counselin' Images in my head steady houndin' Oh, god, I need counselin' You don't want to bring your chicks around me Oh, god, I need counselin' How many chicks do I got? I'm still countin' Shhh, man, I need counselin' Hey! I think I got a problem... problem... And I need an open ear to try to solve 'em Having a hard time pickin' out my darlin' So until then I guess I juggle all 'em Nah, I ain't gonna beg my pardon 'Cause I don't shop for none of ya'll bitches at all BEE... Sippin' on the sweetest of Chardon-NAY I balls, I don't bargain, SEE? I used to be all about the fat ass Then I found a cutie with a flat ass Good hair, nice smile, but a flat ass Two-outta-three, shit, I couldn't let that pass Doc, what you gonn' 'bout this? 'Cause I ain't got a clue 'bout this I'm use to getting what, when I want, where I want, how I want Then them girls holler, "You ain't shit" So many chicks I can't pick a favorite My shrink even say my behavior's sick The hips, to how shorty lick her lips Just a few thoughts that come to mind as I reminisce Temptation, always been my nemesis A few sips then take it back to my premises Innocence lost once again How could we be more than friends? Baby, don't be mad, think back on all the fun that we had The love we share is so cheap like a E-class You ain't alone, I too am a sleaze bag I guess I need a celebrity rehab because Ain't no real chance in love, all my wrong-doings forbid me to trust Oh, God, forgive me for lust, don't let another heart get crushed C'mon, yo [Break - sung] You're sneakin' in the doorway late last night But I ain't got the will to try and fight These bitches steady houndin' Think you'd better go to counselin' Then maybe you should keep inside Maybe I'm crazy, maybe, just maybe It's hard findin' time, can't tell me I'm lazy The way my phone ring may seem a bit shady I'm 'bout my cash money, ma, maybe it's baby How you persuade me, via email Fresh out the shower, sendin' pics from your cell Wishin' I was there, takin' a flick myself And then hate to leave I can't afford to leave a trail The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse Album: Lord Willin' Song: Ego Typed by: smiggo03@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pusha T] Yes sir.. [Chorus 2X's] Don't let 'cha ego trick yo ass 'Cause this motherfuckin' tech will get yo ass (Pharrell)   "Yes, the semi-automatic tech is know to jam..." But if it don't, that's yo ass my man [Malice] I got guns 'cause they got guns I get cash they get none So I'm sure you see where that leaves me In the streets with two heats, both one within my reach I speak slow, let 'em understand my speech When I say, "Get low, these hold ten shots each Please, don't move too fast, I scared of y'all niggas and my nerves is bad!" So sad, but I won't think twice We rich, we get the best judicial advice Threaten my life with them words that they ut-ter-in' Adrenaline pump, my heart start to flut-ter-in' Continuous dump, that tech gets to stut-ter-in' Left in the slump, mother and sister cud-dle-in' And for what, 'cause you ego-trippin' If that thing jam, it's divine intervention Click! [Chorus 2X's] Don't let 'cha ego trick yo ass 'Cause this motherfuckin' tech will get yo ass (Pharrell)   "Yes, the semi-automatic tech is know to jam..." But if it don't, that's yo ass my man [Pusha T] Even if it's talk cheap (Say what...) You know I can't sleep on his word Had to show him that I heard (Let's go...) All that duct-tape-tie-up talk put in reverse Now it's him who's in a bind on the account of his words (Yeah, you know it...) Yeah, they talk 'bout this and that (That...) Got it fucked up, like I'm all 'bout rap (Rap...) Word is I'm loaded, they want a piece of that I respond with four words, "Rat-tat-tat-tat" (In yo ass...) Now, rap about that I carry a human heat box, to make ya heartbeat stop (Stop...) Some say Pusha's the coldest Money is my morals, other than that, I'm soulless Refuse to wake up zeroless and 0-less Carry that shit that blow your arm out your shoulders (Bla-oww...) Techs don't come with holsters, I'm a menace boy (Don't forget, motherfucker) [Chorus 2X's] Don't let 'cha ego trick yo ass 'Cause this motherfuckin' tech will get yo ass (Pharrell)   "Yes, the semi-automatic tech is know to jam..." But if it don't, that's yo ass my man [Pharrell] Yo.. You niggas ain't fuckin' wit' us.. This is the real.. You niggas ain't fuckin' - wit' us.. This is the real.. You niggas ain't fuckin' wit' us.. This is the real.. You niggas ain't fuckin' - wit' us.. This is the real.. Bitch.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ FamLay and Pharrell Album: Lord Willin' Song: FamLay Freestyle Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [FamLay & (Pharrell)] It ain't nothin'' y'all can teach me I been locked up more times than Sweet Pea See I'm from Norfolk here's a coffin if ya slee-py Turn ya children into orphans tryna sneak me Or tryna creep me, the realist shit I ever spoke So I'ma spit it when I finish, I'ma slit my throat This shit is like 2-11 mixed wit coke Leave you spinning like the tennis balls in ya spoke, nigga Dark secrets, man I wont lie They came to the light a man is gon' die All hope is lost and FamLay's gon' fry Cause I did shit the average man just wont try Like what, war against an army wit a hand gun I'm FamLay, and when my fucking chance come I'm running wit it, on e'ry song I'm coming wit See some you think you can take from me, then come and get it See I'm from Huntersville, e'ry thang we done is real My niggas come in here, my niggas come to kill And I dare y'all to try and diss us See you in the streets it ain't nothing discuss Maaan, we gon' stomp yo ass dead in the ground FEW WEEKS, couple bodies wit no head'll be found, nigga Cut off ya wrists, and they feet no prints (Gangsta) Now I'm in the Six, (Gangsta) wit the heat no tints, you see me boy (Pharrell) In Virginia, them guns go, bang, bang In Virginia, them guns go, bang, bang In Virginia, them guns go, bang, bang Niggas, bang, bang, bitches, bang, bang In Virginia, them guns go, bang, bang In Virginia, them guns go, bang, bang In Virginia, them guns go, bang, bang Niggas, bang, bang, bitches, bang, bang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: Exclusive Audio Footage Song: Feel Like Me Typed by: eddie018@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] Yo, we lovin' this I got it baby Ain't nothin' but a par-ar-ty On my laced out chicks, par-ty All my niggaz in the six, par-ty Clipse comin' wit' the hits, par-ty [Verse 1 - Pusha T] Yo, the flow echo, grab a ho, won't let go Chick shake her ass, Kalipso, I'm drinkin' on the world Sip slow, techno scene, lace a beam My team up, stand out like indigo dreams In the club, bitches starin', dress, Donna Karen They inch a bit close to see the links we wearin' The jealous cats fill the room, but that's they doom Because if the beef get set (PW: We cause a typhoon) Yeah, what you here for, you better prepare for The background 'cause your presence no one'll care For the auto-matac, retaliate if it's sat-ac Stagger when I walk, let my emeralds talk Terror's status, tote unquote top, never drop While the competition pleads and begs for us to stop The interlock, stack like stock, style I got Gonna make the world build off me like catcher's glocks, yo [Chorus - Pharrell] All I wanna do is drink on the world Layin' on the beach, takin' sips wit' my girl Here they come tryin' to trouble me I just giggle 'cause I know they don't see Nor can they hear so they need to explain It's piece on pieces, that's simple and plain This is our ode to the galaxy Niggaz in the wrong if you feel like me [Verse 2 - Malice] Do you not know what the Clipse is Malicious, M.C. type relentless Why risk going against this, senseless You in the realm where your team is defenseless Players we ball, you in the benches Full of clips, underground wit' extensions You thought the camp had love, we show none like a show gun Malice murderin' MCs, except wit' no gun The slow gun, beat'll live fast, die young We from where they strike in the flash, like Cy Young How you come where you ain't welcome puzzlin' Take us more sips to cliss, we guzzlin' Got me wonderin', how can you live wit' yourself Move a detective, similar to the 'self Drama, you want drama, we do drama The prize package, we blow like Unibomba' [Verse 3 - Pusha T] It's a fine line, between the have and the ain't got Mad 'cause you ain't hot, in fact, far from it Watch you plummet, we reside at the summit Full of clips, run this, ridiculous Why you makin' me laugh, eat clips And an E-class, tap the wine glass at the lip Then on behalf of the clique, take a sip Remember how we used to be like now it be like, whatever Malice and Terror, of the bad double header [Malice] It's the congruent, symmetrical bomb unit Opposition fate, end up in found unit Sync wit' the flow, hell no, we fine tunin' And make the lie, kiss while you break your spine to it Talkin' to make you feel me walkin' without a worry Blaze up the spot, watch the whole crowd hurry Magnetic, do you like a tractor, pathetic Fully clips, M.O., yo, ready to chest hit [Chorus x2 w/ ad-libs] [Outro - Pharrell] Par-ty.. Ain't nothin' but a Clipse par-ty All my niggaz in the six, par-ty On my laced out chicks, par-ty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse Album: Lord Willin' Song: Gangsta Lean Typed by: ImJusABabiBoi@aol.com [HOOK] Gimme somethin' to roll Somethin' gangstafied Gimme somethin' to roll Somethin' gangstafied Gimme somethin' to roll Somethin' gangstafied Hey hey Star Trak, Star Trak Now let's smoke and ride [CHORUS] [Pharrell] Oh girl ya taste is Sweet like mornin' dew I would go crazy girl If I couldn't have none of you I said ya from Jamaica Straight outta my Mercedes trunk You make me wanna roll ya up And then you make my body slump Which make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) Make a nigga have a gangsta leeean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) [Malice] I only love her on occasions Keep my heart racin' Love to take her on vacations Where the time zone changes and money exchanges And meters and kilometers on the dials of the ranges Far away with my Jamacian sexy everyday is like a holiday The cheeba got me in a slum sleeper  But when I try to leave her I just find out that it's cheaper to keep her Plus she keep my thoughts deeper, really zonin'  Like my Cali homies 6-4 rollin' Or them Deroit 'Lacs trimmed in golden Or my Texas family 150 white strollin' Damn, I was caught up in the Matrix But not Keanu Reaves, as she rolls in bamboo leaves I think a way to ship off these piano keys Since the traffic in a gangsta lean [Pharrell] You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) Make a nigga have a geangsta leeean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga havea gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) [Pusha T] If you put me where I need to be Twist you anytime I feel the need Love ya touch and how you set my mind at ease In Virginia where you kept me motionless From that point on I knew I could never get over this Now they wanna see us broke up 'Cuz I'm lovesick, got me all choked up Look, you keep my head in the clouds mami ,'till I can't breathe And next to that heat seeker you my main squeeze Plus I get twistin' didn't even spend my money on Now either I'm a fool or you really must got me gone You got me open these days I must admit Body numbed up and in a slump like I been hit But luckily it's just the green got me leavin' smoke streams  And blowin' smoke rings as I flee from the scene Gangsta leanin' in a 850 beamin'  I'm like K-Ci and Jo-Jo, love you got me fiendin' [CHORUS] [Pharrell] Oh girl ya taste is Sweet like mornin' dew I would go crazy girl If I couldn't have none of you I said ya from Jamaica Straight outta my Mercedes trunk You make me wanna roll ya up And then you make my body slump Which make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) Make a nigga have a gangsta leeean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) [Pusha T] Her sex so sticky, I'm talkin' real icky Have me gone and twisty Make my other women miss me Just by the way she kiss me  Hold her wit the index and thumb tippys Ma I'm so trippy Hard to hold back, scent so sweet Got to Cognac and honey wrap her this ain't drink From Taiwanese to Amsterdam greeny green To hydroponic that make a weak stomach vomit [Malice] Listen, at times you hinder my vision Blinded by ya love and you got the room spinnin' It's not jealousy the reason why I keep you hidden Hell, I hit you then I pass you to my man like I do my women I know just what I'm investin' in I done traded currency wit the Mexicans In Texas just so we could get affectionate Your complexion lime green wit red specks in it I love you [Pharrell] You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga have a gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) Make a nigga have a gangsta leeean (Talk about the gangsta lean) You make a nigga havea gangsta lean (Talk about the gangsta lean) {HOOK 2x} Gimme somethin' to roll Somethin' gangstafied Gimme somethin to roll Somethin' gangstafied Gimme somethin' to roll Somethin' gangstafied Hey hey Star Trak, Star Trak Now let's smoke and ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Clipse f/ Pharrell Williams (N.E.R.D.) Album: Lord Willin' Song: Grindin' Typed by: fatfathead@aol.com [Pharrell] & (Pusha T in sing-song voice) Yo... I go by the name... (I'm yo' pusha)  of Pharrell from the Neptunes... And I just wanna let y'all know... (I'm yo' pusha) The world is about to feel... Something... (I'm yo' pusha), that they've never felt before C'mon (Pusha T) From ghetto to ghetto, to backyard to yard I sell it whip on whip, it's off the hard I'm the...neighborhood pusha Call me subwoofer, 'cause I pump "base" like that, Jack On or off the track, I'm heavy cuz Ball 'til you fall cause you could duck to the fetti govs Sorry my love, what I'm seeing through these eyes Benz convoys with the wagon on the side Only big boys keep deuces on the ride Gucci Chuck Taylor with the dragon on the side Man, I make a buck, why scram? I'm trying to show y'all who the fuck I am The jewels is flirting me, damned if I'm hurting Legend in two games like I'm Pee Wee Kirkland Platinum on the block with consistent hits While Pharrell keep talking this music shit [Chorus: Pharrell] ......Grindin'! (Ahhh) ......Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) ...(Hu-huuh...) (Malice overlapping last line of Chorus) Patty cake, patty cake, I'm the baker's man I bake them cakes as fast as I can And you can tell by how my bread stack up And disguised in this rap so the feds back up Watch it, like my whip, like my chick, topless Doing a buck-six with me in the cockpit Grindin' cousin, I got hoes for a dozen Even eleven-5, if I see ya keep it comin' And my weight, that's just as heavy as my name So much dough, I can't swear I won't change Excuse me if my wealth got me full of myself Cocky, something that I just can't help 'Specially when them 20's is spinning like windmills And the ice 32 below minus the wind chill Filthy, the word that best defines me I'm just grinding man, y'all nevermind me ......Grindin'! (Ahhh) ......Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) ...(Hu-huuh...) [Hook: The Clipse in sing-song voice and (Pharrell)] Grin-din', when you know what I keep in a lining (Whooof...) Niggas better stay in line, when (Whooof...) When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grin-ding!) Grin-din', when you know what I keep in a lining (Whooof...) Niggas better stay in line, when (Whooof...) When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grin-ding!) (Malice) My grind's 'bout family, never been about fame From days I wasn't "Abel/able", there was always "Cain/caine" Four and a half will get you in the game Anything less is just a goddamn shame Guess the weight, my watch got blue chips in the face Glock with two tips, whoever gets in the way Not to mention the hideaway that rests by the lake Consider my raw demeanor the icing on the cake I'm Grinding (Pusha T overlapping Malice's last line) I move 'caine like a criple Balance weight through the hood Kids call me Mr. Sniffles Other hand on my nickel-- Plated whistle, one eye closed I'll hit you As if I was Slick Rick my aim is still an issue Lose your soul in... whichever palm I'm holdin' One'll leave you frozen, the other, noddin' and dozin' I'm grindin' Jack ...Grindin'! (Ahhh) ...Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) Grindin'! (Ahhh) ...(Hu-huuh...) [Hook: The Clipse in sing-song voice and (Pharrell)] Grin-din', when you know what I keep in a lining Niggas better stay in line, when When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grin-ding!) Grin-din', when you know what I keep in a lining Niggas better stay in line, when When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grin-ding!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Clipse f/ Kardinal Offishall, Sean Paul & Simpleton Album: Lord Willin' Song: Grindin' (Selector Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro & Chorus: Pusha T] (Pharrell) What's the size of them rims on that car nigga huh? (Grindin!) Can they see that chain from a far nigga huh? (Grindin!) Whatcha game be like? (Grindin!) Whatcha change be like? (Grindin!) So whatcha name be like? (Grindin!) Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this [Verse 1: Sean Paul] Tell dem!!! Connnect di dot yo Dem mi friend dem ready fi hit di block yo Those who try fi test yuh better mek since yuh better know how If not yo, then dem gonna lose all dem spot yo Hail my friend and start collect di top doe Now, with ease, takin over all territories Please, don't come inna mi way when mi a squeeze Mi shot can be heard from the West Indies Smell di gun powder inna Jamaican breeze Trees, smoke di pound by di keys Ladies, nuff nuff like rice and peas Top notch we top notch so tell dem nuh better stop watch Di way how we be clockin it makin these g's Grindin it, yo, pickin up di pace double timin it Yo, up inna your face definin it Hey, better get your mind in it or else yuh ago get left behind in it Yo, grindin it, yo, pickin up di pace double timin it Hey, up inna your face definin it Hey, better get your mind in it or else yuh ago get left behind in it [Chorus: Pusha T] (Pharrell) What's the size of them rims on that car nigga huh? (Grindin!) Can they see that chain from a far nigga huh? (Grindin!) Whatcha game be like? (Grindin!) Whatcha change be like? (Grindin!) So whatcha name be like? (Grindin!) Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this [Verse 2: Simpleton] Yo! Ah! Ah! People sell dem soul a for a slice of bread Don't watch how man business may get eye turn red Pay attention to like how easy man dead It's ready been written man it's ready been said Mi travel a thousand miles just to lick a guy head Yuh might pick up teflon mixed with led Don't get mi angry mon or neither fled Nuff snitches a work for CIA and feds We beat 'em badly and mek di whole a dem dead And this di original di badily boom skegereg Freestyle fanatic, stayin quietly in da attic Spittin like a damn automatic So let mi tell yuh straight a like elastic Watch how yuh start it, let mi tell yuh fo real yo Gimme yo a chance, mek yo di nuff a dem dance Let mi tell yuh full of nuff grands, let mi tell yuh still yes di shine Now what I claim what is mine, let mi tell yuh leave that designed Special in crime, grindin fly [Hook: The Clipse in sing-song voice and (Pharrell)] Grin-din', when you know what I keep in a lining (Whooof...) Niggas better stay in line, when (Whooof...) When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grin-ding!) Grin-din', when you know what I keep in a lining (Whooof...) Niggas better stay in line, when (Whooof...) When you see a nigga like me shinin' (Grin-ding!) [Verse 3: Kardinal Offishall] Kardi, yo, yo, they just keep holdin me, won't let go, provokin me Niggas tryin to stop my doe Well if it isn't, Mr. Canadian (BO!!!!) Mr. Canuck T Dot niggas (Pharrell: Grindin!) we don't give a (BO!!!!) Mr. Kardinal steal dem fronts out of your mouth Flip it for a pound of herb and sell it in front of your house Badbwoy big talk put this somethin pon cock Whine out yuh dutty claat down south to up north Weh di man dem a seh? Five plus two yo we flip that a (Ten) Mek di english pound di paste up plus di (Yen) Still fire pon a fassy and grind di gal dem (How yuh mean?) Seen, come again, we mek di green yuh know Swell it to di seem yuh know Chronic supersonic tonic juggle it to a fiend yuh know Mr. Kardinal deal with the mic rockin V.A. to the dot Stop whinin when we (Pharell: Grinding!) [Chorus: Pusha T] (Pharrell) What's the size of them rims on that car nigga huh? (Grindin!) Can they see that chain from a far nigga huh? (Grindin!) Whatcha game be like? (Grindin!) Whatcha change be like? (Grindin) So whatcha name be like? (Grindin) Ma, it don't get more ghetto than this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: Exclusive Audio Footage Song: Hear Me Out Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Pusha T] I be the first one to bust, first one you lust Experiential flows, that make our souls touch When it comes to heat, 40-cally chrome clutch Out the burning at 'cha teal-blue and guild up Sorry no introduction, I was speedin' First name Terror, first half the Clipse that leave you bleeding Got phony rap cats, be actin' obsurd Fake hardcore, and really y'all lovebirds My dogs flip bricks and live in the suburbs While y'all on the block sweatin' what the 'necks heard Sick over this, like I had you sippin' on piss Type thing I do to fake Dons, thinkin' it's Cris My relations, love hate, my family, love hate How you hold heat sideways, expect to shoot straight My crib ADT nightly, with steel gates And the only thing that separates us, drug weight [Chorus - Pusha T] + (Pharrell) How can hear me out yo, what I'm talking 'bout yo You don't want to get in this game The world's my monopoly, wit' your bitch on top of me You don't want to get in this game So roll your dice (chicka-chicka-ah) Tell me what you got, is it your ice (chicka-chicka-ah) Or is it your life, do what's right (chicka-chicka-ah) 'Cause you can't roll twice Safety's stuck, give a fuck, negotiating wit' price [Verse 2 - Malice] Malice, from the Clipse, laser tap with steel tips Hold like two rubber grips, with snug fit You know the type, money your 'wice, money your life Or either at the club sippin' on Henny and nice Shit, we pretty nice, own it at any price Got them hardcore, wannabe thugs callin' on Christ Yo, I run wit' common, who be dippin' on they bonds Man, bullets and slugs, all the above wit' times ten It can be love, like hugs and kiss, clubs or fists Or Malice, good enough your shit like bloods and crips Twist ya chil-mo, hit the road in double R's Me and girlfriend, mix drinks and double straws If you heard, that my dog is strapped, 'cause they are Take kinda know face, that sound familiar Watch your step, those that slept, they still sleepin' Left 'em wit two in they chest and still leakin' [Outro - Pusha T] I tried to tell you You don't want to get in this game But you didn't listen You didn't fuckin' listen, now look at you Yo, stakes is higher now bitch Stakes is higher now Yo, everybody else Consider yourself warned [Chorus w/ Ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Hell Hath No Fury Song: Hello New World Typed by: Kaiser1720@comcast.net * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] Hello new world, here we come On them Twinkie tres, with the hood screaming "We on our way!" Can't forget where I come from So I extend my hand to my man screaming "I'm on my way!" Yes I rap, but best believe Them things still get wrapped by Papi screaming "It's on its way!" I can't wait for the next nigga From my hood to say "Lookout World I'm on my way!" [Verse 1 - Pusha T] I listen to the beat, and the rhyme is wrote See, I was 16, eyes full of hope Bagging up grams at the higher dough The news called it crack, I called it Diet Coke (Ohhh!) At the same time, hiding from mama, dodging the drama Fuckin plenty bitches while ducking the baby mama I found poetry, excuse me, +Floetry+ "Say yes!" niggaz hear the "Eghck!" and they know its me Make â€˜em sick to their stomach how they s'posta be Sippin on a 50 foot yacht, nigga, motion free Ocean in my backyard where its s'posta be Funny how my neighbors don't think its where I'm s'posta be They think I'm cuter in jail But the only time I'm boxed in is when the roofs on the SL And that even come off, so that would mean I'm visiting New world, I hope y'all listening, envisioning! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams/(Malice)] Hello new world, here we come On them Twinkie tres, with the hood screaming "We on our way!" Can't forget where I come from So I extend my hand to my man screaming "I'm on my way!" Yes I rap, but best believe Them things still get wrapped by Papi screaming (Yeah!) "It's on its way!" I can't wait for the next nigga From my hood to say (From my hood to say) "Lookout World I'm on my way!" [Verse 2 - Malice] This goes out to my Hyalites that hang out on them corners Who rock Air Nike's, hustlers' way of life In white T's, constantly, ducking from Ds Pumpin that D arm, readily, waiting to squeeze Who stay cookin, stay lookin, over they shoulders Holdin them boulders, tryin to avoid central booking I ain't coming at â€˜cha quote, unquote "Famous Rapper" Who turn positive, try to tell ya how to live But this information I must pass to the homies If hustling is a must be Sosa, not Tony We can all shine; I want your wrist lit like mine Neck and ears, I want it lit like mine Foreign cars, stick shift,6 gears like mine Anything that keep mama from crying, visiting You from behind that glass, while you away, sentencing But the judge is saying "Life" like it ain't someone's life [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] Hello new world, here we come On them Twinkie tres, with the hood screaming "We on our way!" Can't forget where I come from So I extend my hand to my man screaming "I'm on my way!" Yes I rap, but best believe Them things still get wrapped by Papi screaming "It's on its way!" I can't wait for the next nigga From my hood to say "Lookout World I'm on my way!" [Man talking] Yo, what up? What up? This ya man Grinding, from downtown Norfolk. Just want y'all to know its about time For us to come up and make a change man. They keep tryin to keep us down, but that ain't the way to be man. Its about time for us to get it together man. Ery'body else get they shit together Why the niggaz can't get they shit together, and get they money together? Hustlers come together with hustlers Know what I'm sayin? This ain't just for the playas in VA... This for playas all over the world! This Grinding! [Verse 3 - Pusha T] Times-a-wasting, niggaz doin so much hatin Free ya heart, and show ya greatness I, like you, had to come from up under the basement Just like you, had Satan tryin my patience Still you look at me through jealous eyes I wish to see all my niggaz rise up! Get that money, put them 9s up Piggy-back out the ghetto â€˜for times up! Niggaz rush! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] Hello new world, here we come On them Twinkie tres, with the hood screaming "We on our way!" Can't forget where I come from So I extend my hand to my man screaming "I'm on my way!" Yes I rap, but best believe Them things still get wrapped by Papi screaming "It's on its way!" I can't wait for the next nigga From my hood to say "Lookout World I'm on my way!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: Till The Casket Drops Song: I'm Good Typed by: Stylez216@yahoocom [Pharrell] Aye Aye Aye Aye  huh Yeah uhhuh Yeah Ahaha eh Yeah Yeah Yeah haha owwww [Malice] You can find me in the streets  even in the drought  my mattress is full  why shouldn't I be out?  hey buddy  I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what she tell you?) I'm good  (what you see?)  Two hundred dolla jeans  with my favorite patch  pullin up my ride  hell yea the rims match!  What they tell you?  I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what she tell you?) I'm good  (what you see?)  [Malice] Man I'm killin it ridin in that brand new  swimmin through the streets lookin like I'm shamu (yeah)  in that big body (yeah)  with the wet paint (yeah)  I got some pocket change  from selling wet weight  Today is a good day  ice cubes on my chest  lookin at my blackberry  freak hit me on the text  Come and beat it up  I just need a minute  you can k ya ass  you ain't gotta lay in it  Niggaz don't like it when you lookin good  hate it when you shinin through the neighborhood  brand new ride  ninjas know the time  ho's cut they eyes  we call them samurai's (Wah Wah!)  fly as I could ever be!  a level of success that you could never see! (yeah)  You jealous mane (yeah)  we in propellers mane (yeah)  think about it  ain't shit you can tell us mane!  [Chorus: Malice, Pharrell and Pusha T] You can find me in the streets  even in the drought  my mattress is full  why shouldn't I be out?  hey buddy  I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what she tell you?) I'm good  (what you see?)  Two hundred dolla jeans  with my favorite patch  pullin up my ride  hell yea the rims match!  What they tell you?  I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what they tell you?) I'm good  (what she tell you?) I'm good  (what you see?)  You can test it out ma  tell me what you see  Order what you want  hell yes on me  don't they tell you?  I'm good? (what they tell you?)  I'm good (what they tell you?)  I'm good (what she tell you?)  I'm good (what you see?)  [Pusha T] Cruisin on them twenty-twos got me sittin pretty  you should hear that engine pur  here kitty kitty  Ride through the city  e'erbody know me  and the sun is out  it's like it's shinin on me  Shoutin out the homies  as I breeze by  I'm on cloud 9  and I ain't even high  Told my shorty I'll be back and I ain't even lie  Them VVS's be the best that money can buy  I see you flirtin baby  them jeans is painted on her  mama lookin right  and I don't even want her  No need to take it personal but that's just how it be  No disrespect to you  I'm just enjoyin me  Finally I'm free  all my dues paid  Them yellow diamonds got the charm like its minute maid  and I'm lookin good  and I'm feelin good  try and stop my shine  I wish a nigga would  [Pharrell - Repeat 'Til Fade) I'm looking good I'm looking good I'm looking good I'm looking good Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) Yeah (Yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Jermaine Dupri, Pharrell Williams Album: Lord Willin' Song: Let's Talk About It Typed by: Futurenbastar3@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Jermaine Dupri) Uh huh, oh Oh, damn baby Shit........... How you get all that in them jeans? Nevermind that, you hear this? It's that Star Trak Clipse, (get down!) So So Def [Verse 1 - Pusha T] Question - ask any nigga Rapper or a hustler, who rocks is bigger? (Pharrell Williams) - The rapper! Naw, dawg, go figure With the V12, I make that straight killa I flood the block, I hug the glock I have a whole neighborhood that seen a thug to stop (Stop!) Cause I show 'em what Waco see, then hit the district cant visit to Jac-o-b I like my diamonds colored, watch it smothered (me too) Show off at the place of jewels, let the white man love it (hahaha) I'm too much, got bitches out for me Bring 'em home, give 'em they choice of balcony She said "We can have more fun", I said "How can we?" Then she brought her girl in and ate her out for me, wow (Wow!) All night sexin', just think, this all came from one question [Chorus - Jermaine Dupri] You got a big ass bell? Lemme see you jingle it baby You got a big ass bell? Lemme see you jingle it baby Wanna talk about cars? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about a house? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about jewels? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about money? Dont talk without it Wanna talk about chicks? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about hits? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about cris? Lets talk about it But when you talk about cash, dont talk without it [Verse 2 - Jermaine Dupri] Now as the game rotates, and my chrome gets bigger More and more girls wanna fuck this nigga Hard for a chick not to stick around When I come through town, layin my dick down They can tell a true playa by the clothes that I wear Game that I spit, and the length of my hair (Ok) The more I come, the more I cum, get it? What you see now, I been done did it Every girl around, I been done hit it Cars been kited, since I was sixteen And yes, I'm still spendin' that Kris Kross creme (haha) Big boy moves, big boy shine Big boy watch tell big boy time Everybody know I got the recipe, so you know ya'll niggas can't mess with me Matter of fact, I don't even gotta say no mo' (Oh) [Chorus - Jermaine Dupri] [Hook - Pharrell Williams and Jermaine Dupri] Na na, (OH) na na na na na na (Come on girl) Na na na na na na (Oh) Na na na na na na na (Come on girl) Na na na na na na (Oh) Na na na na na na (Come on girl) Na na na na na na (Oh) (I want you to move your waist for the whistle) Na na na na na na (Come on girl) [Verse 3 - Malice] It ain't too many things that exceed my reach Speedboat, glass floor, let you see underneath But nevermind that though, I'm just showing off As I do in the Porshe show with the top lost I ain't change the game hash, you know the name as Malice in my wrist, like shattered stain glass I generate them Franklin's and Grant's Each ear look like a halogen lamp I'm high beamin, at the same time leanin' In the butter soft seat that keep a street thug scheming' For we compare paper, get your weight up I need more points than that, don't you play with me, Jacob You see me on my back, you see me live I'm every color of the spectrum, like ROY G. BIV Look dog, get a load of how daddy ball Wanna talk about cash? Well I done said it all (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Faith Evans Album: Lord Willin' Song: Ma, I Don't Love Her Typed by: poppenfresh@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pharell] I wanna love you girl Just wanna love you girl Please let me love you girl Just wanna love you girl C'mon, I wanna love you girl Just wanna love you girl Let me love you girl Let me... [Malice] When we met I was talkin' that game Parkin' that thang Since then between us A lot of things changed Now it's like the world got a whole different name I can't stop chics from sayin' my name Most of it's lies, If not, don't be surprised You knew I was ballin' when I met you But really, I started layin' low just to net you I'm raw as hell yet can't deny that you special These girls can't either Winter, his and her Vivas Summer, his and her Louie sneakers You don't think that bother people Guess again you even need to check your friends Sayin that I cheat Right, maybe with my heat Got a pearl handled chrome thing that I call Sweets I greet wit her, creep wit her, even eat wit her Late nights under my sheets, yeah I sleep with her But thats it Chorus: [Pusha T + Malice with Faith Evans] (Faith) 	Look 	Ma, I don't love her 	Don't listen to her words 	She tryin' to split us as lovebirds 	But that's not it 	Now you see me buyin' her whips and shit (No) 	You see me sendin' her on trips and shit (No) 	If the answers no don't forget (How's she know you then) 	I don't know [Pusha T] If I don't know I don't know, lets not go that road I don't know who she is, don't care who told Look stop flippin', no need to explode I seen the number in the pager, I don't know that code In the streets too much, c'mon, that's absurd Gettin' no complaints when I be flippin' them birds Your girls just talk 'bout this that and the third Believe half what you see none of what you heard You askin' me who's her I'm askin' who's mink fur With that rock on her hand makin' their eyes blurred Could that be you plus who cop every gem Who spend like I spend, then act like it then Got the dream home and we settled in it Our lives too perfect that's why they meddle in it Now, just chalk it up as just part of the game You know who I'm about, who got part of my name? Chorus [Faith] (Malice) Do you love me babe (Sho' you right) You thinkin' of me babe (Well atleast tonight) I bet you'd tell me anything (Yea thats right) Just to be with me (Yep and tonight's the night) (2X) [Pusha T] I'm not most men my heart truer than theirs Of course your girls hate, our whips newer than theirs We hardly fight, arguements way fewer than theirs Even down to the ice, look, bluer than theirs What they gonna tell us about us, Huh? What they talk 'bout without us, Huh? The envy got 'em speakin loosely Tell 'em walk in your shoes But first let 'em know they Gucci [Malice] And even if I did twist her I promise I didn't kiss her Won't shit touchy feely Grudge on the floor like mister did the silly No respect shown My homies laugh while she talk dirty on the speaker phone Now don't you start I spared your heart If you ain't see it I didn't do it Ain't I played my part? Bricks chics whips chips, that just go with the grind What else do you want from me, to say it, fine Chorus [Faith] (Malice) (*with Pharell's verse in background*) Do you love me babe (Sho' you right) You thinkin of me babe (Well atleast tonight) I bet you'd tell me anything (Yea thats right) Just to be with me (Yep and tonight's the night) (2X) [Faith singing] [Faith, Pusha T + Malice] That's not it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: Hell Hath No Fury Song: Mr. Me Too Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pharrell] You know we back right?, Clear the streets out Come on with it, Ha ha Star Trak Listen haters, I'm doing deals like the majors Ice Cream Sneakers, I signed my first skater So you can pay three and buy yourself some bapestas Bulletproof on the t-shirts because they hate us Dude like Snoop say "Step Ya Game Up" Double the caboe, mediterrain up D-Class Action cuts, tuck your chain up Liberachi fingers, just hit Lorraine up Just last week, I was out in Aspen Me and Puff hoppin off the plane, both us laughing A week before that, I was out in Italy Attire heart throbs could not get rid of me Up and down the tella crib, me and like ten hoes Call from the cell phone, give me that enzo I know what your thinking, yeah me too Okay everybody meet mister me too [Pusha T] Been two years, like I was paddy wagon cruisin The streets was yours, ya dunce cappin and cazooin I was just assuming you'd keep the coke movin But I got one question, Fuck y'all been doing? Pyrex Turs turned into Covalli furs The full length cat, when I wave, the kitty purs All my niggaz caped up, selling grey and beige dust Had that money right or end up in the trunk taped up We don't chase a duck, we only raise the bucks Peel money rolls until our thumbs get the papercuts Children totto, South Beach Galardo Teals started up, go brr like it's Nardo Women if you love me, please let me know Tie rags round your neck and learn the sets we throw These are the days of our lifes And I'm sorry to the fans but the crackers weren't playing fair Jive I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay we get it, yep yeah you too I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay everybody meet mister me too I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay we get it, yep yeah you too I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay everybody meet mister me too [Pharrell] I know what you thinkin why I call you me too Cause everything I say, I got you sayin me too I say I got a benz so you said me too You hangin out the window so they can see you But you ain't hangin out the window when you in that G2 Or that G3 or G4 like we do Star Trak, clipse come on [Malice] Wanna know the time? Better clock us Niggaz bite the style from the shoes to the watches We cloud hoppers, tailor suits like we mobstas Break down keys into dimes and sell 'em like gobstoppers Who gonna stop us? Not a god damn one of ya Mean with the Re-Up, nigga we street tumblers Ivory White, yeah that's the same color Of the Zord the, best believe it's the mullenor Take no prisoners, rap niggaz are whisperers Choke on your own spit just as soon as you mention us Champagne corkes, kicked by Louis sportsin Keep my hoes in pooch and Charles Jordan Cop the chrome and touch grey caponent Mink on the floor, make ya hot don't it? You don't wanna know what the fuck I spent on it Tomorrow ain't promised so we live for the moment [Pusha T] I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay we get it, yep yeah you too I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay everybody meet mister me too I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay we get it, yep yeah you too I know, I know, yep yeah, you too Okay everybody meet mister me too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Cam'Ron, Pharrell Album: Till the Casket Drops Song: Popular Demand (Popeyes) Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Pharrell - Chorus] Yeah! Mami you miss me don't you? Haters wish you? could hit me don't you? Heh, you should call me uncle I understand I'm back by popular demannnd That new C-L fly Outside of Popeyes eating chicken and fries Yeah come holla at ya uncle I understand I'm back by popular demand [Pusha-T] (Pharrell) You are now listening to The All-Time Phenomenal Used to bag work in V.A. at the Econo Lo' Now I'm laying out at the Delano though But don't get it twis-ted the Uzi's in the lining though Hollow tip dum-dums eat flesh like pirahnas though Such a scary thing to hear the soul sing Geronimo Pull up in the C-L the shit's astronomical Hoes lining up on the curb they fall like dominos Used to have this white bitch she looked like Madonna though Heard that she fucking LeBron, but shit I don't know Like that Bron-Bron? I had that long time ago Butt-naked on the balcony at the Dolla-no I mean the Delano I mean Pharrell'll know The hair shop bitch from D.C. hey P let 'em know! (Yeah that bitch was hot..) Yeah yeah but it was time to go Them hoes come in eeenie, meenie, miny-moe! Yeah, Mami you miss me don't you? Haters wish you could hit me don't you? Heh, You should call me uncle I understand I'm back by popular demannnd That new C-L fly Outside of Popeyes eating chicken and fries Yeah come holla at ya uncle I understand I'm back by popular demannnd [Cam'Ron] DAMMMNNN! Mami good down? to the cuticles I'm CAMMMM -- What's your name Beautiful? Like MANNNN I could get used to you Or the RAMMM, if you knew what I used to do But call me Uncle yeah Uncle Cam I tax 'em. (Like who?) Like Uncle Sam From the jungle fam where niggas bundle gram From below you tumble get merked on the humble ANNNNDD the gat on the belt on the hip ANNNNDD I keep a Pharrell with the? Clipse Drive a hard bargain (bargain), I'm Harlem's only Gagarin Car foreign, the other man stood-stood stutter-fied I know ya moms well -- Tell ya mother Hi. I'm the other guy that got ya mother high Coke like a ca-ter-pillar I make butter-flyyyyy Yeah, Mami you miss me don't you? Haters wish you could hit me don't you? Heh, You should call me uncle I understand I'm back by popular demannnd That new C-L fly Outside of Popeyes eating chicken and fries Yeah come holla at ya uncle I understand I'm back by popular demannnd [Malice] Goddamn the boy's back For pushing a mountain of snowcaps to avoiding the kojak The pioneer of the coke rap I'm dancing with the stars stepping on blow doing the toe-tap The dope return like I had it on Lo-Jack It made its way home like a road map I fathered this If I mislead any kid that's fatherless That burden's on my soul as long I exist Generation lost they saying they can't reach us The answer is the Lord like Saturday Night Fever I kept in the crib it made me a light sleeper Whether watching for the Feds or avoiding the Grim Reaper. We're deeper than rap money and hoes, it's deeper than that Fight the temptation but it keep coming back Money stacked to the ceiling just as quick as it dispense Who knew them comments meant you could lose your common sense? Before it's too late all I can tell 'em is Repent unh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: Stuntin' Y'all (Single) * Song: Stuntin' Y'all Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com * cut from retail release of "Hell Hath No Fury" [Pharrell] Uh! Uhh! Uh! Uh-huh! [Chorus - Pusha T] + (Pharrell) I'm achieving, happy to be breathing They stuntin y'all! (I'm stuntin y'all!) Diamonds with brothers giving off 2K colors Disgusting y'all! (disgusting y'all!) On my road and going my way nigga I'll cut ya off! (I'll cut ya off!) So, let me live or that .45 living I'm touching y'all! (I'm touching y'all!) (Hooooooo!!!) [Verse 1 - Pusha T] What's the talk of the sophomore jinx? Got jewerly like I robbed the Sphinx Got money like I robbed the Brinks - truck Fuck y'all niggaz that pray for my ship to sink I'm a problem, coupes I copped them left to right The garage looks like the Bat Cave at night He who tips scales, off that fish scale Hands gracefully brush them keys like it's brail Safeties on guns don't sit well Send new shells to old foes, suckas! Bail like oh no! flows is so cold Hoes stick to me like gum to shoe soles huh! He's vain, 88 you're thinking, 2004 - resurrection of caine! Here I am, such a young baller Flow shows promise, like LeBron James I bring life to the game [Verse 2 - Malice] Niggaz is losing it, out they mothafuckin mind How another nigga talk about mine, I must be doin it They must see, a signaficant rise in my stock Multi-colored jewels, wit hues of blue in it Or take you the real estate, where the realest gate Outline the perimeter, I'll show you where we're doin it Hear the new, the Clipse is huge And these crews continue to hate, like Ebenezer Scrooge But it's cool, I too once, averaged the same Til I got slick, took risks, carried the 'caine Then I cooked shit, pushed it, married the game Now these days, I just 52-karat the chain YES!! I pump base to the projects I was Tyrannosaurus Rex to the pyrex These dudes can't wait to see the doom of me But big deals, so what, what's new, humor me, bitch! [Verse 3 - Pusha T] Do-ray-me, fo-so-la-ti Oh my God, the - wrist stay +Rocky+ like +Balboa+! The bar's been lowered, here to raise the quota! Keep guns in pairs, I am the ghetto's Noah! (PW: True!) Nigga need horseshoe for luck Tryna test a - flow like such, jewels like Tut Children hush, while King Pusha speakin Or paramedic you'll be seeing fa real [Malice] It's every bit what it seems! these is dreams I'm living out The ride I'm getting out's a fraction of the house Your living can't obstruct my vision Franck Mueller jewels, I'm convinced this is living! It's a given cats gon flap that tongue Till I appear then cat got tongue, better relax 'Fore I clap that gun, perhaps even collapse that lung Trust in me that that gat's no fun, one! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse Album: Exclusive Audio Footage Song: Taiwan to Texas Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Where you at? Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Where you at? From Taiwan to Texas, Lambos to Lexus Diamonds in my necklace Leave y'all bitches breathless You don't want to test this Burners leave you chestless Thousand niggaz restless Do you get my message?! [Verse - Terrar] Yo, choose your sides; We coming for the top Y'all niggaz bout to drop like fall guys When I speak, all rise Or get trampled over in Range Rovers with fog lights Tonight's got a feel in the air, caused by they stare And the spots that we walk, patrons whisper and glare You know we coming minked out Ears, neck and wrist freezed out Looking like we robbed the Sphinx out Haters in the back, you know they Cuban King'd out Jealous as ever, we took the handmade link routes Two vandals, twin calicos with pearl handles Passanger seat, glanced at her feet, hot pink sandles Sparking my heat, told me her name was Roman Candles Yo, ya'll know who we are, you're looking at stars Clipse are the ones breakin the law [Verse - Malice] Young guns bustin out, talkin tops and drops Sipping on Black Label chasing it with scotch Ready or not we comin' at y'all, ready and cocked With one shot, accurate hit with red dot Ninety degrees, ninety-five speed, feeling the breeze Ninja style, twelve-hundred CCs, travel in threes We davel in speed, poppin wheelies on the interstate 355 with fish gills, watch how they ventilate My time radiate, my sons they got manners They cock hammers, hear bout my dogs on cop scanners Cat's wanna come to my clique, borrowin beats But the Clipse got all this on lock, swallow the key We plane hoppin, meanwhile y'all name dropping Went from train hopping to diamond exchange shopping Tank-topping wit links, ice dropping in drinks Malice winning much, rocking the mink, what! [Bridge] (Pharrell) (Tell em where the fuck you from!) Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak (yeah, c'mon) [Verse - Terrar] Yeah, who got it sewn up? Who got a thousand on they side with signs that's thrown up Shit, we got it blown up While y'all take the bus our bitches is flown up Four wheeling, popping hot bars at the ceilin We cock back, auto-matics because it's thrillin Ask yourself, you ready to try? you ready for I? Assed out, mashed out bitch, get ready to die [Verse - Malice] It's wild how we fall up in pubs and night clubs Ladies show love by giving back rubs in bathtubs Switch that, backing the thugs wit black gloves cause they actors Catching our slugs with fractures Running wit thirty niggaz who looking for where beef at Clipse name come out they mouth, we make em see black They blind in they third eye, my view is bird's eye Malice eliminate every first, second and third guy [Chorus - repeat 2x] [Bridge] (Pharrell) (Tell em where the fuck you from!) Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak Star Trak, Star Trak (yeah, c'mon) (Tell em where the fuck you from!) Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak (Huh) Star Trak, Star Trak - (bitches) Star Trak (yeah, uh) Star Trak, Star Trak - (yeah) Star Trak The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse Album: Lord Willin' Song: Virginia Typed by: smiggo03@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pharrell] You ready to do this, nigga? You ready to come down here? It's Virginia, nigga... We do this in broad daylight... It's a whole different degree of homicide, nigga... You ready? [Chorus: Pusha T & (Pharrell)] I'm from Virginia, where ain't shit to do but cook (Talk about, what?) Pack it up, sell it triple-price, fuck the books (Talk about, what?) Where we re-up, re-locate, re-off them brooks (Talk about, what?) So when we pull up, it ain't shit to do but look (Talk about, what?) [Pusha T] In my "Home Sweet Home" I keep chrome next to my bones Alters my walk to limpin' Since I love the feel, I guess I'm passionately pimpin' It 'tis what it seems That thing imprintin' through the seams of my jeans, by all means Lost it all, from lives to love Put my faith in my money, help me rise above See I turned to the Lord when them times got tough Bullied through streets, powder I pushed and shoved In that ole' Virginey Out of ten niggas, nine are guinea No money, all they know is gimme, got semis waitin' Heat like Caribbean summers, I been there Each year, a diffferent bitch wonder Who wing she gon' fall under, Push' or Mal' Ganga grinds, wit' me, with thoughts of fuckin' them cross her mind Look ma, that's right up my alley I love my family, I want them all happy In Virginia, we smirked at that Simpson trial Yeah, I guess the chase was wild But what's the fuss about? See, plenty my partners feelin' like O.J. Beat murder like the shit is OK, that's what our door say Talk the evil that men do, I'm lost in the mental I miss you Shampoo, we miss you Shampoo And your grams, too... [Pharrell] My nigga... Fo sho... [Chorus 2X's: Pusha T & (Pharrell)] I'm from Virginia, where ain't shit to do but cook (Talk about, what?) Pack it up, sell it triple-price, fuck the books (Talk about, what?) Where we re-up, re-locate, re-off them brooks (Talk about, what?) So when we pull up, it ain't shit to do but look (Talk about, what?) [Malice] Seem like they all got a comment to make In regards to my paper, now they guessin' my weight They fast to predict the outcome of my fate Wonderin' 'bout Clipse and if they got what it take Malice, he think he hard, tough guy of the clique And Pusha, he walk around like he swear he the shit You right on both counts, bitch, Clipse is us And there are some things that you don't discuss Don't ask me 'bout the Neptunes and what's they fair Don't ask about the loud screamin' chick with the hair Don't ask about my music, and how that's comin' 'bout Don't ask about my album, or when's it comin' out 'Cause I feel like you really being funny on the slide Now face down, layin' on your tummy, or you die I tried being humble, humble get no respect Now the first sign of trouble, that's a hole up in your neck Plus, what I look like spendin' my nights in jail I could never be a thug, they don't dress this well I reside in VA, ride in VA Most likely when I die, I'm gon' die in VA Virginia's for lovers, but trust there's hate here For out-of-towners, who think that they gon' move weight here Ironic, the same same place I'm makin' figures at That there's the same land they used to hang niggas at, in Virginia... [Chorus 2X's: Pusha T & (Pharrell)] I'm from Virginia, where ain't shit to do but cook (Talk about, what?) Pack it up, sell it triple-price, fuck the books (Talk about, what?) Where we re-up, re-locate, re-off them brooks (Talk about, what?) So when we pull up, it ain't shit to do but look (Talk about, what?) [Pharrell] Young'n... (Talk about, what?) This is real, young'n... (Talk about, what?) You lookin' into a whole different world, young'n (Talk about, what?) This is real... Live... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Pharrell Album: We Get Money 12" Song: We Get Money Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com (Bridge - Pharrell) Take money, money, ha Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money (Pharrell talking) This where the party at y'all The whole world, y'all ready, come on (Verse 1 - Malice) Remember me, I called you brainless I made you famous, first line crimes I commit heinous Listen up, while my whole team glisten up We flossin' up, so the on-lookers feel the rush Call out Terror, arrogant like such Keep two hot ones, never too late to bust Fifty bricked up, lapping sipped up Shake on each y'all baby I'm tricked up Feeling me no so, y'all niggas, oh so Got three bikes, there's money, sex, and Polo Either you a no show, or lit up loco Can't never miss type shit No more comin' a y'all masked out, open face I blast out In that NSX targa top sun roof then mash out That's how we lash out, 100 g whips to crash out Target get hit, money get split up, then dash out (Chorus - Pharrell) We get money, whether rain, or sunny, why y'all looking funny Baby we get money, we could get money We on E, cause everyday is a fee, baby don't you worry bout me Cause I'ma get cash, and push the S Class (Verse 2 - Pharrell) Yo, you cats mind flying colors, me and my crime brothers Blind lovers, full of love and shine mothers Piss me off like duck tape, and bind mothers Time cutters, paint off a Rarri's, wine colors We speed out, since I'm the leader only I lead out No worry navigational, L-C-D, read out Y'all broke fellas, they cold fellas, really weed out I associate wit short Miami, Cubans keyed out And only friends wit low pills, that coke kill That drive that rimmed out Ac' Coupe, wit Brooke Shields Pray to God she don't find out, ménage gon' sell And if it ain't 100 grand dog forget it no deal Check it out, yo fellas I'm nice, listen to my verse Hold your breathe long enough, you might see Christ Y'all critics killing me, y'all must have got my point All on my dick, and all I drop was on hot joint, what (Chorus - Pharrell) We get money, whether rain, or sunny, why y'all looking funny Baby we get money, we could get money We on E, cause everyday is a fee, baby don't you worry bout me Cause I'ma get cash, and push the S Class (Bridge - Pharrell) Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money (Verse 3 - Pusha T) Now blessed with the finer things, in my years designer names Parking my ride sideways in fire lanes See it's kinda strange from have-not, to now have If I flip and I wreck my whip and now laugh Went from restless, to guess list Diamonds and necklace, 500 S's, 100 miles and reckless Except this, we wanna burn you out Team feed up, or speed up, you know my style Like shots, through, the room, clap, clap Yo my crew, move, the room, it's like that And if you feel, you wanna resume, than write back But yo, I hope y'all know we strike back Now you exhale, I'm Nextel, two less shells And get to let the market at, cassettes sell I used to be in a storm, now I'm sipping Gennycong Flips be, owning the streets, yo through an intercom (Chorus - Pharrell) We get money, whether rain, or sunny, why y'all looking funny Baby we get money, we could get money We on E, cause everyday is a fee, baby don't you worry bout me Cause I'ma get cash, and push the S Class (Bridge - Pharrell) Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money, what Make money, money, take, money, money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Kelis, Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: Lord Willin' Song: When the Last Time Typed by: fatfathead@aol.com [Intro: Pharrell] (Get down!) Niggaz and bitches (Get down!) You are now listening to... (Get down!) The real... (Get down!) And that would be... (Get down!) Clipse, the Neptunes... (Get down!) And the new label... (Get down!) Staaaarrr Traaaak... [Pusha T] Top, down, chrome spinnin You see the boss grinnin, I'm lovin these damn women I let two get in (uhh) She tried to let the rest fit in I'm like, "Naw love, that's forbidden" I ain't for swishin, that's a problem to the wheel well Trust I know them 20's real well Now we coastin, me, two chicks and toastin I turn up the volume, watch the bass get 'em open Soft-spoken, with a wild side I love 'em in the ride, they love it in the ride We was movin bodies before we hit the party 'Fore the DJ started cuttin {*scratch: "I was already fuckin"*} Cinderella'd you girls from nothin to somethin Hit the parkin lot and hear the club system thumpin Lose the face, you two's was great But it's to the V.I.P. I got new moves to make [Chorus: Pharrell] (Get down!) When the last time you heard it like this Smoke somethin, drink somethin, get ripped And make the girls in the party just strip Move ya ass, girl (Get, get down!) Only if you know you live From the club, to the park, and glide How many chicks can you fit in that ride? Put 'em up, homie (Get, get..) [Malice] Hey, it's just a day in the life Club nights, one of the reasons I love life Chicks be, in the back tipsy We gets in for free, e'ryday wit me Two-steppin, you see each crew reppin Slippin on the floor, mirrors and walls is sweatin Shorty in my ear say she got a thong on And I love how she move any time a song on I like that ma, you do somethin to me Come this way and prove somethin to me Fast or slow, she got the right moves And I got the right dough for any date that I choose I'm open, but naw, I don't lose focus If the shit jump off, you know the thing that I'm totin But I'm only here to party, y'all Carry every weekend like it's Mardi Gras [Breakdown: Kelis] + (Pharrell) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la   (Yo, you are now listening to the sounds) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la   (That are vibrating your speakers) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la   (Please do not be alarmed) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la   (It will not hurt you at all) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la   (For it is the real) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la   (For all my real...) La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la   (Niggaz and bitches) [Pusha T] When they say "last call" that don't mean the night's ovah That mean it's time for her to show ya How quick she can hop out those Gucci loafers Pin her ass to the sofa and attack the cho-cha S&M chick, ass pushin a choker But I thought about how rich I am and said, "No sir!" Chick was crazy, gave her crazy space What did it the "Whip Appeal," or my Babyface? [Malice] The night's still young and I'm already leanin Cruise through the lot on the deuce-2's gleamin The liquor in me and I don't need a reason Obnoxious with the women, hot tucked in the linen I pull up, let her get in, she know from the beginnin She added to list of them chicks that I done been in Her head spinnin and my head spinnin Mine from juice and ginnin, hers from neck and chinnin I'm a winner, man [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Kelis)   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la) (Get down!) When the last time you heard it like this   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la) Smoke somethin, drink somethin, get ripped   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la) And make the girls in the party just strip   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la) Move ya ass, girl (Get down!)   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la) Only if you know you live   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la) From the club, to the park, and glide   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la, la) How many chicks can you fit in that ride   (La, l-la, la, la, l-la, la) Put 'em up, homie (Get down!) {*repeat scratch to end: "Get down!"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clipse f/ Kelis, Pharrell Album: Exclusive Audio Footage Song: You Don't Even Know Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] I can run with you? (Yeah) I know you don't know me But um, don't you notice, like Everyone keeps on looking at us (come on) You know why (come on) Let me tell you why, Oh! [Verse 1 - Pusha T] Seen set, yeah, my team set Niggas bleem so hard they say we seem wet Safe in the club, never seen me sweat Nextel on my right, hand is on my left Hot mama freeze, I like what I see Is it asking too much for you to talk to me Hit the dance floor, share a spark with me Oh, grab a booth seat in the dark wit' me Oh, you on that tough shit, play hard to get Guess you didn't know I ain't the one to fuck wit' Came a little harder, until I touched it Or be your worst nightmare making you loveless See I'm in the faster lane, baby I master game Chicks like porno flicks, they all the same Tap into they ego, just to own the brain Then keep 'em at arms-length and still callin' my name, Terror [Chorus - Pharrell & Pusha T] You don't even know what you lookin' at Real niggas that'll push ya' back You ain't got no defense when I scream attack I can tell, I can tell You don't even know what you lookin' at Real niggas that'll push ya' back You ain't got no defense when I scream attack I can tell, I can tell [Verse 2 - Malice] I had you locked from the interlude Talking 'bout how you hot, now you in the mood Pictured you in your friend, y'all in the nude Only 'cause I'm sure you know that the Clipse gon' blow like intertubes Works for me, got you beggin' for mercy Pillow-talk all in my ear like Kermy Keep shoving 'cause I'm lovin' the way that you work me Been on since I seen your performance in Jersey But worthy tricks be not, tips we got It's only right to charm, run game, but play me not The way we rock, y'all don't know about this Come around your block in the rimmed out Six Tented out windows cause for poked out lips But hatin' on the Clipse get y'all nowhere quick My whole clique flossin' our shit like dope dealers Five deep bustin' off heat on four wheelers [Bridge - Kelis] When the shots go across the room Who you gon' call when you lost in doom Your second's too late, we react too soon Star Trak, Clipse and the Neptunes When the shots go across the room Who you gon' call when you lost in doom Your second's too late, we react too soon Star Trak, Clipse and the Neptunes [Verse 3 - Malice] Haters I suggest y'all quick to get back Nine double M, them rounds we spit that Cold red fill 'em with lead put 'em to bed Bloodshed one in the head, one in the red I can tell you hatin' 'cause your face balled up Simply because my neck and wrist iced all up But y'all should be inspired men and wake y'all up And prepared you to look like I won't break y'all up [Pusha T] Haters stand by, wit' yo' hands high Got clips for y'all clique ready to fry Now you ask why, beggin' for my reply Don't talk, save it for the man in the sky You just a go-getter, who ain't no better Same, no sweater, pocket with no cheddar A chromed-out baretta, Ferrari Dioletta Wrong move you lose, Clipse comin' to get 'cha [Bridge] [Pharrell] Star Trak {*heavy breathing*} Your heart go {*heavy breathing*} Your heart go {*heavy breathing*} Everybody go {*heavy breathing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Clipse Album: Lord Willin' Song: Young Boy Typed by: m_hov@hotmail.com You out of line (*repeated throughout song*) [Chorus: Pharell] Mmm I'ma tell you what I'm talkin bout When I was a young boy My mama always told me don't take no shit Motherfucker hit you then you better hit 'em back So when I hit the nigga it could Breeeeeak Nigga out of line [Verse 1: Malice] Back when I was 'bout Big Wheels and race tracks Pops pushed a Tornado and rolled to 8 tracks Never stood a chance, exposed from way back Lyin' to the baby sayin its Ajax I was 'bout 4 when I walked past that door That shoulda been closed where I first witnessed the raw See in my household it was quite unique Playin hide and seek, you might find a key Car glimpse accidentally, branded my mental Pals my role model in that Lincoln Continental Bought all my friends Icees, it was 'bout 6 And when he pulled off I was like, See told ya we was rich How I turned out let it be no surprise When they speak of cousin Ricky it brings tears to my eyes See, my family got a history of hustlers Lil' brother, big brother, mother to grandmother Its tradition [Verse 2: Pusha T] My mama didn't see it comin, my daddy was there What's my excuse Cartoons were the root Started with Yosimite Sam with the gun in palm of the hand, what couln't I demand See, thirteen Studied the gangsta's lean Low brim, no smile Lotta cash meanwhile Daddy had the Chrysler Fifth Avey Hustlers on the blocks cars were aero-dynamie With ghetto paint jobs, Mango M threes Seventeen inch B-Bs ridin' tough Tha bike was Huffy, attention was froze In a twenty five cent frozen cup laid my soul Tha streets had me to mold Since fourteen holdin, Pusha T was chosen Rebel like Shake Rivera Tyco RC versus Carrera [Verse 3: Malice] I think of grandma and the way she would foot 'em She kinda remind me of Madam Queen and Hoodlum Sport the grandkids, each one she would treasure Said she kept two guns and to do so was a pleasure The cigarette dangle forty-five degree angle Sitll every bit a lady but you don't wanna tangle Let that explain me and how I got involved Young'ns hustlin in the creep, me, Jon-Jon and Jamal [Pusha T] Age Fifteen Walkin through the hallway, plate the new Jordans First ones on the scene See I could afford 'em, Livin out a dream Hustler on the rise, laces untied Slid past young'ns, couldn't break my stride Didn't know I was knotted in street ties Teachers askin' how and why Bitches passin' by Oh my, he's so gangsta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Pharrell Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Announcement Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Common] I'm finna take it the tip-top, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby [Chours: Common] Everybo-dy, I'd like to announce Throw ya hands up when we in the house Yeah, this is hip-hop, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby And tell ya girl that the tickets is out And we gon' do this 'til they kickin us out (what) Cause, this is hip-hop, baby I'm finna take it to the tip-top, baby [Common] Live from the Southside-est one, hide ya gun Representin Chi-Town to the fullest, raps are bullets  See them rappers? They be duckin When Com be buckin in the kitchen, fuckin On the sink, got my momma a mink ThinkCommon is the link, thought the game was extinct Laaaaa-dy~! Them jeans is as +Slim+ as +Shady+ Brought 'em back from the 80's, now let's make some babies Freestyle paid off, so Lincoln paid me Now we can push more links than slavery Alex Haley of this rap shit, my +Roots+ is deep You heard +The Bitch in Yoo+, yeah I know +What's Beef+ Let it cook and I pop like grease You thirsty niggaz can't shot my feast - UH! ...+I Still Love H.E.R.+, she be needin a dick When it come to hip-hop, it's just +Me & My Bitch+, uh [Pharrell {rhyming in the style of The Notorious B.I.G.}] Baaay-bay, you're like, "What the, fuck?" There is no other Valet crashed my Rose, so I quickly bought another Sorry, Mr. Willi-am, moved out the building New spot, to the top, fifty feet was the ceil-i-ing (Slow down son, you're killin 'em) Well-funded, it was not Cane step, shitty bills, reminisce and give me chills When Puff was with Biggie, Versace on every niggy The backpacker copped the Porsche and drove through a city Now all the little bit-ties, from ugly to pret-ty I was the magician, mesmerized and made 'em missin My dick is like a Blow Pop, baby! And it gets stiffer than some Botox, baby! But show out baby, and show me ye ain't gon' act right And I'll be peddlin backwards, like a track bike She ain't know the Casio cost a hundred It's been two years since I've done it, now all the rappers want it Whaaaat! [Common] As I sit back, relax, with Chicago on my back Unzip, the backpack, pull out a fifth of 'gnac I'll probably go to jail for - naw, that ain't me! I style crazy and +Net+ like Jay-Z The black Kojak, I +Get Money+ and want mo' stacks The rap photographer, the way the flow stop Broads say, "Are you a philosopher?" Yeah yeah, I philosophy on top of ya Uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Pharrell Williams, Q-Tip, Erykah Badu Album: Come Close Remix 12" Song: Come Close Remix Typed By: ThinkFree22@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Fly Love, uh uh say what - repeat 6X [Verse 1: Common] I don't stress it baby, they say you got me dressin' crazy Eatin' veggies, wearin' shirts extra medium And if we break up, I'm a eat meat again? I feel complete with you Shit I held upside in the streets for you In the streets people ask about me and you I tell them "We go through what most people do" Lets, let go of fear love We can grow as long as my beard does You push me in the way you supposed to We ain't runnin' when we come close to you Chorus: Erykah Badu [Pharrell Williams](Common) Come Close to me (Come Close baby, Come Close ma) [Baby] (Let me hold you love, come closer love) Know this world gets (It gets crazy baby, it gets girl)[But] What's it without you, you, you, you? [Verse 2: Pharrell Williams] Eh, I know you used to watch me Rock Gouche and Versace But now I'm back to my skater roots I still got friends in them gator booooots But what's up with them hater dudes Ma, hating is OK with you? Why? Cuz they drive in them fancy cars Look, well I can ride you on my handle bars On my BMX baby I'm created with Tourette's baby My testicle's full of ecstasy When I think about you make them plead [Bridge: Erykah Badu] I know what you're thinking, you're on my mind You're right, you're right, you're right You promise so fast you just might take flight Hope your not tired, tonight, tonight [Verse 3: Q-Tip] I don't stress it girl They say that you and I are from different worlds You're from underneath the underground And I understood my Hip-Hop run to this position I don't stress it sweetie You write in cursive, I write in graffiti Opposites, not really we just customize For my turfs, hey I'm instructin' you to listen I'm sayin' it a rats ass I couldn't give Even though you're far away and my heart you live So bring your little sweet face closer to me And look into my eyes tell me what you see [Chorus] - repeat 2X [All Together] Fly love, uh uh say what - repeat 25X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Pharrell Album: Universal Mind Control Song: Universal Mind Control (UMC) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Pharrell] Aiyyo, all they wanna do is dance That's all they wanna do [Common] Uh, uh Get-get-get it Get-get it (what?) Get-get it (what?) This, is, that automatic I stay fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic P goes spastic, C galactic Southside boy, we Cadillac it Charismatic, Asiatic I hustle for mathematics Cameras, action, changed the status Actor tappin yo' favorite actress Gucci, rockin, coochies, poppin Movie, watchin, booties, droppin Body, movin, showin, provin Stylin, and bein fly (c'mon) I touch the masses like a Catholic Expensive rap shit, my future's backlit Interact with the cat who macks and stacks My vernac' attracts y'all react; so let's go uhh [Chorus: Pharrell] This is that new shit, keep 'em standing in line That universal, mind control now move yo' behind Uh, you know you like it; it's calling yo' name Nigga, this is that new shit, and it don't feel the same It's got that dang da-da-dang d-dang-a-dang dang Dang diggy dang d-dang-a-dang dang Bop diggy bop, d-dang d-dang diggy diggy Bop diggy bop, d-dang d-dang dang [Common] Some pop, some lock, some move robotic Like cash money I stay in pocket U.M.C. r-r-r-rock, don't stop it Chicks exotic, mix Hypnotic Superhero role boy, I'm bionic You a fad on some lumma-lumma supersonic Girl you bout it, you can strip like comic And trance to melodic Technotronic Beats, knockin, seats, droppin Seeds, poppin, streets, rockin Freakin, shakin, money, makin Stylin, and bein fly I'm the one the ladies-ladies chose to strip and pose to, take off their clothes to Toast to the one that go coast to coast to Mr. Global the focal, let's go, uhh [Common] Uh, huh-uh Uh, huh-uh Get-get it Get-get it Get-get it I am a ren-egade I never been, afraid Fresh and I'm get-tin paid The future future of this age! From the Chi so I talk this way Twist the hay and the Grand Marnier Rock the fly shit like every day To the top and I'm on my way - let's go uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Daft Punk f/ Pharrell Williams, Nile Rodgers Album: Random Access Memories Song: Get Lucky Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pharrell] Like the legend of the Phoenix All ends with beginnings What keeps the planet spinning The force from the beginning Heh, look [Chorus: Pharrell] We've come too far to give up who we are So let's raise the bar and our cups to the stars She's up all night 'til the sun I'm up all night to get some She's up all night for good fun I'm up all night to get lucky We're up all night 'til the sun We're all night to get some We're up all night for good fun We're up all night to get lucky {5X} [Pharrell] The present has no ribbon Your gift keeps on giving What is this I'm feeling? If you wanna leave, I'm with it Ahh [Daft Punk] We're up all night to get- {8X} We're up all night to get- (back together) We're up all night to get- (Let's get back together) We're up all night to get- (lucky) We're up all night to get- (together) We're up all night to get lucky {8X} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danny! f/ Pharrell Album: Payback * Song: Speed  Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com *- Original Version {*sound of keys jiggling, car door closing and engine starting*} [Chorus: Pharrell] You're makin a mistake You're makin a mistake What you're doing? [Danny!] Danny boy I loved ya, you know you're like none other I look, I look up to ya, cuz you're my older brother But lately I've been worried for ya Ever since you got that deal, it's like they all been thirsty for ya, I can't imagine how you feel I keep it real, I know it's happenin fast I seen the work you put in, I know it's meant to last But the way you're headed you can forget it These beats, ain't gon' keep you out of trouble Ain't gon' keep ypu out these streets Man you know what they say, about that fast life Err'body got a fuckin appetite But as soon as a motherfucker grab a bite, they crash, right? Look at Eminem, yo he crashed twice, spazzed out I don't WANT you to go down that route I'm signing off, sealed with a kiss Sincerly yours -- Sis [Chorus: Pharrell] You're makin a mistake (Bounce) You're makin a mistake (Bounce) (R-Ride with me..) What you're doing? [Danny!] Danny boy I love ya, you know you're like none other I burped and fed and raised you, because I am your mother What's this I'm hearin about, you out, you in the streets late, boy? I raised you better than that, for Pete sake I know you makin money, of course the family's proud But that same money can attract the wrong crowd It's all fun and games until somebody points a gun at your brain Sometimes your enemies and your friends, are one in the same and I tell ya, that line gets blurry quick Think about ya grandmother, you know she's worried sick And me? I don't wanna be one of the mothers that's called to the morgue Because my son decided to live, and die by the sword And I'm so tired it's like, my soul's tired What happened to the Danny that used to sing in the choir? You were that little black boy that everyone appointed as the next big thing I think, you're disappointing, get your act together! Son [Chorus: Pharrell] You're makin a mistake (Bounce) You're makin a mistake (Bounce) (You're ridin? Hop in) What you're doing? [Danny!] Three in the morning, on the Westside highway, and I got the top down I'm crusin, and been usin that marijuana nonstop now Got Belvedere in that system, and UGK in that system and WAY too many complications in my life, to list 'em This shit is gettin crazy, my life is a roller coaster I'm closer to goin postal, can't control my composure Last week, I was attack by the jack boys, a setup Nobody gave me a heads-up, don't know WHO to trust And everyone's concerned about me, my sister, my momma But now my life is just consist of drama, what I'ma tell 'em? They wrote me letters to better me, what I'ma mail 'em? Runnin low on these dreams kid, what I'ma sell 'em? Gotta get my head right, before I'm beat like egg whites Oh shit, was that a red light? ...Shit! (Fuck!) {*tires screeches, car crashes, and sounds of ambulance and sirens heard*} [Chorus: Pharrell] You're makin a mistake  You're makin a mistake  What you're doing? {*sounds of cars passing by until song ends*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Pharrell Williams, Pusha T Album: The First Lady Song: Goin' Out Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] I've been on the road But now I'm back again And this time, hah - I brought my little friend [Chorus - Faith Evans] (Pharrell) Me and my girls are goin out tonight (OWW!!) Me and my girls are goin out tonight (yep) Me and my girls are goin out tonight (haha) Me and my girls are goin out tonight (Star Trak!) Me and my girls are goin out tonight Me and my girls are goin out tonight (Star Trak!) Me and my girls are goin out tonight Me and my girls are goin out tonight (c'mon) [Verse - Faith Evans] You mean the most, to me in this world I've been thinking to myself a lot You probably think it's my girls But when you got the love It's not like you ain't calling home And the conclusion I came to - is baby I am going Last night, I thought about if this should end I should be starting a new life So tonight, I'm hanging wit my girlfriends And I'm starting a new life [Chorus - Faith Evans] Me and my girls are goin out tonight {8x} [Verse - Faith Evans] OOOHHHHHHHHHH.. You should think about what you did wrong, if you love me OOOHHHHHHHHHH.. Such a pity I had to write this song Better luck wit your next girlfriend Last night, I thought about if this should end I should be starting a new life So tonight, I'm hanging wit my girlfriends (we're hanging out) And I'm starting a new life (we're hanging) [Verse - Pusha T] Pusha! I'm finally back at ya two years later, hiatus was +Hell+ 300K thanks to digital scales Uh! Eggshell whites, had them boys on my tail The truth out, now you don't have to question what I sell Far as the fucking flow, I'm the hottest 'round Tap your girl ma, ask her how this sound Condos, fast cars, that's Miami Heat If you know they just copped Shaq, you got the floor seats (Whachu talkin bout?) All that hair and all that wear BAPE, BBC, Three Dots and all that there (what?) I spent green mayne on that bling chain Make ya scream like the silly nigga from Ying Yang (HAAH!) As God as my witness, my fist does clenched this Green like fist of big Grinch Stole Christmas Re-Up time and it's the work that we bringing out Hot off the wire, Faith tell 'em whachu thinking bout [Verse - Faith Evans] Last night, I thought about if this should end I should be starting a new life So tonight, I'm hanging wit my girlfriends (we're hanging out) And I'm starting a new life (we're hanging) OOOHHHHHHHHHH.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Real Talk Song: Tit 4 Tat Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com {*scratched*} "tit - tit tat" [Intro - Fabolous] (Pharrell) Uh! (hah! hah! hah! hah-hah!) Uh! (hah! hah! hah! hah-hah!) Uh! (hah! hah! hah! hah-hah!) It's my world! (hah! hah! hah! hah-hah!) Ya heard?! (hah! hah! hah! hah-hah!) Real Talk pha-real, ask my nigga Pharrell, ya heard?! Haha! [Verse - Fabolous] You see I do's what I choose on shiny twenty-two's Be's what I please in brand new Bentleys That's right stupid! Soon as they couped it, I went and scooped it Now I'm on the move, on the move Running the City, something like Diddy At 150, wit the gun and the cd (wow!) niggaz who be hunting for biddies Never seen nothing this pretty, and they lying if they say they do They bring the playa through like they bring the mayor through They know the way I do is what the AK'll do Listen here we can disappear for a day or two Bet you come back smiling like Mase, c'mon! Like Case say 'Touch Me, Tease Me' But the Top Dawg tell her it must be easy I'm in the white cut E-Veezy Ashton Cuts be freezy, it must be easy! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] See I ain't keep going tit for tat your ass ma If your ass ain't talking right Well you can stop acting boughie, asking for sushi If fucking ain't your plans tonight, ya hear me?! See I ain't keep going tit for tat your ass ma If your ass ain't talking right You can go back to being groupie in your Dapper Dan Gucci If fucking ain't your plans tonight, ya hear me?! [Fabolous] Girl move it like! Girl move it like!    Girl move it like! Girl move it like. [Verse - Fabolous] You see I bop to the beat of the streets since I was born Move like they would in the hood until I'm gone The girls know my paper denim, keep paper in em As soon as they change the shapes I'm in em The BAPEs they send em wit snake skin in em To the kid in the city wit the scrapers in em (Nowww!) I move to left like.. then I move to the right like They follow the need to follow my lead Do the do then swallow my seed, like You can leave the spot you cramped in Live in the Hamptons like a champion Refuse to choose the, use the loser Don't let the hydro moves confuse ya And pass on a stunner to go wit a fronter If you wanna do the kick it then go wit a punter [Verse - Fabolous] You see the white's so bright it's hard to be polite The yellow's so mellow I have to act ghetto Hello, my name is - fuck that! I'm famous Y'all ain't the same as, F-a to the B I don't know what it be, baby girl could it be You ain't see how good it be rolling wit me? Like - get me on or get me gone It's at least 22's that they sit me on I'm in the Ice Cream shoes, nice gleam too Crack the button up so the ice beam through You could wake up wit regrets, or wake up in a jet Fixing you hairdo in a Jacob wit baguettes girl [Outro - ad-libs] {*scratched*} "tit - tit tat" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Mikey Shorey, Pharrell Williams Album: Real Talk Song: Young & Sexy Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Fabolous] Young money on the floor! Trak money on the beat That's right man, the young and sexy You're only young as you feel, haha, ya know? Let's get it in, 25 and younger [Chorus - Mike Shorey & (Pharrell Williams)] I see you smiling shorty, I see it in your eyes Security let her through, trust me man she's alright (She's alright, she's alright, she's alright) (Cause she's gon ride, she's gon ride, she's gon ride) [Fabolous - 2x] To the beat y'all! Till the motherfucking champagne and weed is gone! [Verse - Fabolous] I'm so VIP, and Notorious for doing it B.I.G. girl You ain't gotta see ID, I'm a rich young man Clean button up wit the rich young pairs Out of you young ladies, which one can - do it to the beat y'all Young niggaz get funny, just to get a name So you know I came with the heat y'all! You know I got a little money, got a little fame But you know I came from the streets y'all If you wanna act funny, I can do the same And when Pharrell let the beat fall Let me see you get your hands up high y'all Just like you're reaching for the sky y'all For the young sexy and fly y'all Roll another one, let's get high y'all [Verse - Fabolous] From the high heels to low cuts To the dude in the fast car wit the slow strut girl They wanna catch J. Jackson But the money's longer than a stretch Maybach Benz They say I'm fly enough to do better But pimp enough to not give a fuck They say I'm old enough to know better But young enough to not give a fuck Tell Stella to move back, if she want Her Groove Back I get my young man on, then the young man gone Let's get money again, and even if you ain't I'll make you feel twenty again, so! Let me see you get your hands up high y'all Just like you're reaching for the sky y'all For the young sexy and fly y'all Take another shot, let's get high y'all [Verse - Fabolous] I'm too young to be sprung And you can tell I'm too blessed to be stressed My move is too smooth, on top of that I dress to impress The walk is so chilled, not to mention the Talk is so Real We all gotta get old, but before I do I'm a ball outta control Live young! die rich! woo! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fam-Lay f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Ambulance 12" Song: Ambulance Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Fam-Lay] Uh! [Pre-Chorus - Fam-Lay] If you hear a shot nigga, think of me! Cause if there's a stressin there's no question I'm a ride Just conceal my gun in D! I'll fulfill my requests if you heard that I die A thousand niggaz jumping, a thousand niggaz bowing Niggaz making money, a thousand niggaz throwing Thousand niggaz slanging, a thousand niggaz banging Selling that H nigga, selling that caine [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (8x) Here come the ambulance! (woo! woo! woo! woo! woo!) [Verse - Fam-Lay] Uh! Fam-Lay uhh! I bet you heard of me But there's some cowards out there who tried to murder me Now they got em in ICU Surgery Cause I burnt their ass up to the 3rd degree I got that H, I got that D And if you need it homie you can get a pack from me Word on the street is that them people after me But I'm a scrambler, won't let em capture me I got my bag, a case of gin Pocket full of, tattoos all in my skin We got gold teeth (uh) ducking them police On the corner all night getting no sleep This how we do, how real is this I'm from Shark City, big fish eat little fish (Norfolk!) This is my hood, and I'm a represent I've been riding round wit shotguns ever since [Pre-Chorus] [Verse - Fam-Lay] Chicks is braiding hair, fellas out clocking Chil'rin everywhere, old folks is out watching Gotta be +Train To Go+ in this harsh world Full of nothing but hood niggaz and park girls We all down to ride, for that homicide We prepared to go long as the drama ride Run up on your roads, open your suicide door Take the umbrella and treat it like a 2 by 4 We are ignorant, we don't give a shit Fuck who started it long as we finish it Come up to your club, got a thousand deep All the six of us waking you out your sleep I don't give a fuck, let the corner pick em up From what I did to em, left his corner spitting up We could go to war, till the death of me If you want beef, WE got the recipe [Pre-Chorus] [Verse - Fam-Lay] Pharrell put me here, to put these streets on lock Now that I'm in here, we can't be stopped (Star Trak!) I'm a carry it raw, till the day I die And keep it street, as days go by I'm in erry spot, the rawest clubs I'm on erry block, wit all the thugs My family locked up, know what this about Got enough couzins wit me to get you out [Pre-Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fam-Lay f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Traintago Song: Fresh N Drivin Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Fam-Lay] (2x) Fam-Lay, c'mon A nigga like me, I'm fresh n drivin ma A nigga like me, I'm fresh n drivin ma Why be frustrated, stressed, and jiving for? A nigga like me, I'm fresh n drivin ma [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (Fam-Lay) Fresh! OWW! and driving! Whoa whoa! (happy as a bitch, nevermind how y'all feel) Give you fresh!! and driving! Whoa whoa! (Blowing sweet Indonesia out my nostrils) [Verse - Fam-Lay] Now my plane just landed, I'm down in Miami Listen up close cause ya gotta understand me I'm seeing womens' faces sweeter than candy Me and Pharrell talking bout a clean sweep at the Grammy's (uh huh) That was cool, but this year much sweeter Then I bumped into the world's baddest bitch named Trina (whoa!) Let me know cuz you ever seen her Fatter ass on a woman, cause I gotta meet her (word?!) Then I saw my home girl Misdemeanor Flying by in a drop top Ferrari Modena Right now I'm in a rented Beemer When I get my Modena I'm a keep mines cleaner I'm Mamosa toasting, playing wit these women's emotions Coast to coasting, paying for these women to bullshish Smoking hocus pocus, toast in holsters Try to play us close, and I'm spraying the toast cause I'm so [Verse - Fam-Lay] I stay fresh while the rest stay frustrated I'm the best I guess that's why the rest hate it Looking at those breasts thinking x-rated Last call in the spot, and I just made it, cool Everythings by according to plan A lil less than a god but I'm more than a man (uh huh) Can you help me? sure that you can Cause I came down here for a lil more than a tan Doing - a buck 50, like six quarters Cause Fam-Lay is fresh as dish water You can't shift them gears in disorder Easy on the tiptronic baby! I just bought her Hop out the S Type, dressed like a criminal Pinkie to the thumb numb, neckalace invisible Y'all niggaz pitiful, leave y'all critical Rims so sick that my car need a physical [Bridge - Fam-Lay] (2x) Ma, you going my way? what up! what up! Fellas, you getting right today, what up! what up! Trying to get in some today, just cut up Haters get in my way and get gun butt up [Verse - Fam-Lay] Ain't no nigga live as me! Sunshining bright wit a dime in the driver seat I'm what them assholes try to be Yeah! Me and babygirl took a stroll on the beach for some privacy Long as you kiss and don't tell I paid for ya hair, ya feet and yo nails Just cause I'm fresh and don't care Right after that we hitting the hotel, I'm [Chorus - to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fam-Lay Album: Fresh N Drivin 12" Song: Git Busy Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell] OWW!! Getting!! [Chorus - Fam-Lay] When the car roll up and windows roll down And you see the sawed off, nigga better hit the ground We getting busy!! You better haul ass dawg! You better haul ass! You better haul ass dawg! You better haul ass! (OWW!! getting!!.. OWW!!) [Verse - Fam-Lay] I'm blasting, nigga laying in the street cause Talked shit, so I hit 'em wit the heat Runts moving, keys like oz's Like a cliental, errbody know me Running! running from the 5-0 Drug life, and it's all about survival Hustla, known worldwide dawg I'm in the game and I'm bout to drive by y'all Gambler, 4 - 5 - 6ing it 10 grand in the bank and I'm sticking it Bitches, got 'em by the dozens From their mammy, to their sisters to their couzins Star Trak, is the crew that I run with Nigga don't get murdered over dumb shit Fuck you! it's how I'm caring if Nigga try to start beef and we burn it [Verse - Fam-Lay] Hey look I'm sick of niggaz saying what they gon do when they see me Soon as they see they don't do shit The nigga Fam-Lay too slick I got a handful of guns and a few clips stupid You keep sending death threats, uh! and I ain't seen death yet Nigga I can't help that I ain't been murdered in my life, look Look I been stopped giving a fuck about living Ever since I got beat up by them faggot ass cops But now I just stand on my block and drink liquor Wit my niggaz and my bitches and we keep them gats cocked Uh! won't hesistate to blast you niggaz Spray your corner, bodies falls in the Ac my nigga Uh! I'm pulling out the dagger nigga Cause when I finish wit these shells I'm a stab a nigga [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] (Fam-Lay) Let me tell ya boss ballin, I'm boss ballin (Fam-Lay!) I'm boss ballin, I'm boss ballin (Norfolk!) I'm boss ballin, I'm boss ballin (Huntersville!) I'm boss ballin, I'm boss ballin but let me tell ya Boss ballin, I'm boss ballin (with the Clipse!) I'm boss ballin, I'm boss ballin (Coldchain!) I'm boss ballin, I'm boss ballin (Star Trak!) I'm boss ballin, I'm boss ballin [Verse - Fam-Lay] Nigga fuck all that punchline shit, that young rhyme shit That shit that might blow only one time shit Cause when I rhyme bitch, my rhymes fit The mind of a gangsta is all time, bitch! Kill who you riding wit I got some niggaz from Virginia riding wit me And them niggaz trying to buy this shit So fuck who you party wit! Cause we get high as the Karate Kid, now let's go! Pop junk, I pop trunks; Got a 10 shot glock pump That'll stop trucks, ya cocksucker! Shoot a lead trying to get a rep I shoot the lead at his head now his man tryin to get 'em help Fam don't play wit chirin [children] Act stupid, act dumb, act foolish, act deaf like you ain't hear em Bring it to the forefront, I got a lotta niggaz that tote guns Now let's do it! [Chorus] (w/ bridge in background) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fam-Lay f/ Kelis, Pharrell Williams Album: Rock N' Roll 12" Song: Rock N' Roll Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pharrell Williams] Hmmm yess sirrrrr.. [Verse: Fam-Lay] I rock and roll and roll and rock I got 10's, got 20's, got fifty blocks I got smoke in back, coke for sale So much coke got coke in jail In the white Rolls Royce wit my man Pharrell This lil' nigga got beats too fresh to be stale But I'm a take it back to the early 80's Where my couzin Stacey had the pearl Mecerdes My aunt-couzin Wamp had the black on black Ac' Coupe Legend wit the gold in the back I was just a lil' youngin running wild as hell  Running 'round wild trying to get that mail Lil' shorty whose trying to learn the rules I was twelve years old brought the tool to school Cause I was quick to flip, quick to sell that shit You ain't from the hood y'all don't know bout this [Chorus: Fam-Lay + (Pharrell)] But if you feel me, throw your bows up (Star Trak) Try to set up shop get clothed up (Star Trak) Hey I'm the cannon man I got more than frozen cups I got ya chopped, tossed, sour, diesel roll ups  (Fam!) We could roll up (Star Trak) (Fam!) Don't try to roll up (Star Trak) Don't make me pull these motherfucking fo's up Cause it's like that! [Verse: Fam-Lay] The fiends is dying, fiends is lying Missle on the streets of the fiends is still buying Right on time and - money on the mind and On them 24's them bitches stay shining But y'all niggas don't know bout this Fresh new kicks wit the new outfit Got the all black top wit the black on black You ever seen me creeping just back on back Cause I got that pump and it is gon' spit I ain't no punk and I ain't no snitch From a place on Earth called Huntersville Where people out there got love for real Got love for all who got love for me If a coward ever ran then it wasn't me I'll be on the curb moving dubs and D's So if you ever bought a dub then it was from me I ever get caught then it was the B I'm a just make bail by my couzin E Back on the porch wit the mobile phone Like eleven in the morning them hoes don't go home Tried to sco' and get this shit off quick You ain't from the hood y'all don't know bout this [Bridge: Kelis] Aww shit, this is part when the fight just start When the fists get to swinging and the 4-5th spark And then the bitches get to running and the bitch just scream and We speed off in the Rolls and it's so damn clean [Verse: Fam-Lay] I stand on my block, the gamblest spot My hands in my pocket both hammers is cocked Waiting for a nigga to just act up My right hand big six got my big back up Lookers lookin all jealous lookin mad as hell Acting like little girls like tattle tales Mad cause my right hand bad as hell I woulda kept shooting but I had to sell See I'm a Crown Boss 365 Lookin for a nina raw sheet just to ride Picked up my cash and slide off sweet Nigga tried to snatch ass knocked his heart of beat Nigga talked trash like the shit all sweet Won't ya all take the cash dog, not off me Hustlers in my veins, you cannot stop it Walking on the block wit life in my pocket I'm tryin' to sco' and get this shit off quick You ain't from the ghetto y'all don't know bout this [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fam-Lay f/ Lil' Flip, Kelis, Pharrell Williams Album: Rock N' Roll (Remix) 12" Song: Rock N' Roll (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell Williams] Hmmm yess sirrrrr.. [Verse - Fam-Lay] Rock and roll and roll and rock I got 10's, got 20's, got fifty blocks I got smoke in back, coke for sale So much coke got coke in jail In the white Rolls Royce wit my man Pharrell This lil' nigga got beats too fresh to be stale But I'm a take it back to the early 80's Where my couzin Stacey had the pearl Mecerdes My aunt-couzin Wamp had the black on black Ac' Coupe Legend wit the gold in the back I was just a lil' youngin running wild as hell Running 'round wild trying to get that mail Lil' shorty whose trying to learn the rules I was twelve years old brought the tool to school Cause I was quick to flip, quick to sell that shit You ain't from the hood y'all don't know bout this [Chorus - Fam-Lay & (Pharrell)] But if you feel me, throw your bows up (Star Trak) Try to set up shop get clothed up (Star Trak) Hey I'm the Candy Man I got more than frozen cups I got ya chopped, tossed, sour, diesel roll ups (Fam!) We could roll up (Star Trak) (Fam!) Don't try to roll up (Star Trak) Don't make me pull these motherfucking fo's up Cause it's like that! [Verse - Lil' Flip] Uh! Well here's a little story I'd like to tell About a H-Town Pimp and I ain't got his mail It started way back in 1999 When I got my first dime and I started to grind Now we can Rock N' Roll, I got a roll of rocks And when you hear {*sirens*} there go the cops When the block get hot, homie we gon chill And bid like 22 mill, we could plan a deal My light too real for me to act like you I'm playing wit too much paper to put slacks like you You could call me Betty Crocker cause I'm baking them cakes And when I cross the interstate, I'm switching up plates I'm watching the Feds, they're watching my moves I'm paying my dues, I'm spraying my tools We never play by the rules You might hate to lose if you play wit us You ain't heard? Me and my homies keep them K's wit us You'll stop - drop, roll, we'll shoot ya in the head And when I'm chasing my bread, I'm shaking the Feds And I'm - packing my lead, y'all ain't ready for me The only time you saw a Bird was on Sesame Street I got street birds, and I keep 'em in my pouch Play wit my money and I turn into Oscar the Grouch! [Bridge - Kelis] Aww shit, this is part when the fight just start When the fists get to swinging and the .45th spark And then the bitches get to running and the bitch just scream and We speed off in the Rolls and it's so damn clean [Verse - Fam-Lay] I stand on my block, the gamblest spot My hands in my pocket both hammers is cocked Waiting for a nigga to just act up My right hand big six got my big back up Lookers lookin all jealous lookin mad as hell Acting like little girls like tattle tales Mad cause my right hand bad as hell I woulda kept shooting but I had to sell See I'm a Crime Boss 365 Lookin for a nina raw, she just to ride Picked up my cash and slide off sweet Nigga tried to snatch ass knocked his heart off beat Nigga talked trash like the shit all sweet Won't ya all take the cash dog, not off me Hustlers in my veins, you cannot stop it Walking on the block wit life in my pocket I'm tryin' to sco' and get this shit off quick You ain't from the ghetto y'all don't know bout this [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown Album: I Need a Man 12" Song: Magnetic Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Pharell] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah [Repeat 10X] Yeah (c'mon!) [Verse One: Foxy] Not too many chicks can rap to this Spit sick the flow be so accurate Ill Na Na and Def Jam is backin' it Feel my words, I'm oh so passionate They like to hear me talk greasy Bitches stay shook in my presence, they walk easy Acting all thirsty, hope they not irk me Tits are still perky, skin is still hershy Yes, I'm well known to flip fast Yes, I still shop on Fifth Ave We toured out, that's what we all bout Kevin Lyor-ed out, Christian Dior-ed out My shades are all Chanel-ed out and The beat is straight Pharell-ed up and My words are what explains my mind I'm here, I'm back again, the game is mine [Chorus: Pharell] Yeah (c'mon!) - {*Repeat 16X*} [Verse Two: Foxy] FB, there ain't no equivalent The flow is oh so belligerent The hood love the style that I'm delivering Fox is hip hop, they just can't rid of this And all the pain and shit I went through And all the foul niggas I been through The world is mine, I'm back to grind You know you the best when rap dudes go at you But see my rep is so amazing The streets, the hood are still craving I still be rockin' in my Gucci but switched it up to Emilio Pucci I love it when hoes try to roll up Cuz once they see Fox they fold up And quickly switch they whole flow up BK, I throw it up, feet stay, Manolo-ed up [Verse Three: Foxy] Huhh, the Bentley, H2, the Rover I'm back, this rap game is over From Nas, the Firm and Young Hova Fox a young soldier, will cock a toaster Young Fox, the new version of Roxanne The streets talking like what's her next plan Is she signed to Puff now or Def Jam That go to show y'all niggas, I'm the best man [Chorus] - repeat until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Game (The Game) f/ Pharrell, Justin Timberlake Album: Ain't No Doubt About It (S) Song: Ain't No Doubt About It Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Justin] I just wanna touch ya, yeah The way you move (The way you move) Oh you make me love it, yeah 'Cause lady you cool [Justin & Pharrell] That's the way (That's the way) Keep movin baby (Keep movin baby) Tell your girls (Tell your girls) To come join the table (come join the table) And don't you worry (don't you worry) Just keep movin boo (keep movin boo) 'Cause you're the star (you're the star) Everybody lookin at you (said they lookin at you) And there ain't no doubt about it Girl, the way you move And there ain't no doubt about it Hey girl, Baby you cool [Game & Justin] G-A-M-E drop top Bentley Gucci belt-buckle, fresh outta Italy Ima balla, literally Haters are swine flu They killin me I'm lookin down on ya from where the ceiling be Me n my niggas swarm Oh you like the killa bees My chick ridin shotgun Billie Jean Half Belizean and half from The Philippines Niggas energy Its like they got the heave Seekin me Thinkin' they wanna 9 milli-me But they ain't fo' that rat-tat-tat-tat My bullets sing like they registered at ASCAP Need I say more I was single [?] Everything I do exotic I don't need to [?] Mr. Red Carpet, I don't do awards If you want it, I done it Five million on tour Fo 'sho I just wanna touch ya, yeah The way you move (the way you move) Oh you make me love it, yeah 'Cause lady you cool That's the way (That's the way) Keep movin baby (Keep movin baby) Tell your girls (Tell your girls) To come join the table (come join the table) And don't you worry (don't you worry) Just keep movin boo (keep movin boo) 'Cause you're the star (you're the star) Everybody lookin at you (said they lookin at you) And there ain't no doubt about it Girl, the way you move And there ain't no doubt about it Baby you cool Yo Pharrell I'm ri-ridiculous So so sick with it You can call me cancer But I don't smoke cigarettes Come through in a 'Rari Same color as licorice If I ain't with them, my bitch be like My niggas, shit, Haters beware I can see clear Through these lens on this black Louis V yeah Something 'bout Mary Make me wanna blow up And P got the dziaq for me when I show up (yeah) Whip game crazy I call it [?] You're a big fish till you swim with piranhas Used to call me dope Game When I cop from Jose Now I play Roosevelt and I cop Roses Niggas be like you lease that no way California slim license plate Saint-Tropez Eaten wit a table for a two place lobsters Been a mobsters since a two way, holla The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Pharrell Album: Purp & Patron (Mixtape) Song: Dedicated Typed by: AZ Lyrics Dedicated to all my niggaz up North Dedicated to the dirty South of course Dedicated to all my niggaz on the East Dedicated to West Coast niggaz is beasts ... This from us to you and all of them don't get gas my nigga watch your rims I started off in a hood, in what you would call a lemon.. Me? I was a nerd, niggaz thought it was a gimmick Now I got the maybach, curtains in linen.. White maranella with the burgundy in it Tinted? For real Now watch how we spin it River side drive in about 5 minutes 4 5 2.. achoo.. Make a nigga sneeze when we ride by you Ice cream jeans with a march yellow top.. Polo 7-5-8s with socks Am I high? Fa sho How we count dough? We count commas.. Yall niggaz count 0's Come to VIP nigga we can count hos... Don't forget the candy pan sittin on vouges Plus I got banana clips under my clothes.. This is redicated to niggaz that flips O's Ayo come to Garcon.. Y saunt lauran You ever seen the hard bottoms on a long vauze? The bullets make a nigga hit the bottom real hard.. You ever seen the spikes on the new Lou Vuittons Spike a bitch drink make a bitch go hard Red Air Max with the fuckin Go-Karts When you already did it, what the fuck is go hard? Synchronize automotives, walk out with no charge Wit yo broad, Oh lord, while your wife at somewhere typin We on Rodeo somewhere swipin You do it like Nike, my shit Lightnin Back to back Lambo, inside frightnin This shit criminal we should be indicted.. Your chicks riding shotgun, had that as dikin Like Paquiao fightin This shit is exciting Top down, bumpin Bar-Kays.. Hermes bucket with the Tom Ford Shades Four shades.. Four seasons.. Six-Fours.. More reasons.. More money.. Whore season Are you listenin mah? Your cheesin We at the Staples on the floor, whole season.. Its the pink slip club, nigga no leasin Ya ex-boyfriend, Policin... Brush em off like my moncler fleece son You know I'm gang affiliated, don't get naughty We could call henchmen.. Or we could call shorty Or we could call Hector.. Or we could call Jorge Papi owe me favors.. I know he wont ignore me Everybody loco niggaz gotta show me.. Tell ya girl there's a fire in my pants.. Blow me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Pharrell Album: California Republic Mixtape Song: It Must Be Tough Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] DJ Ski! The Game California Republic mixtape Long await, droppin Thursday, bitch! {DJ Ski...} [Chorus: Pharrell] It must be tough Seein yo' boy doin the same shit Ridin around in things you can't get With the window down, puffin like it ain't shit... It must be tough; it must be tough... Seein the glare from my chain and wrist Me and 20 goons lookin dangerous E'rybody paid, all doin the same shit... Countin money nigga Tens, twenties, fifties, hundreds {*3X*} Thousands, thousands (it must be tough) [The Game] It must be tough watchin a nigga ball like Carmelo My cars is all yellow, my broads is all yellow What's wrong with y'all fellas? You fuckin up my energy Used to be my ace, now you wastin my Hennessy The remedy for haters is crap tables in Vegas That crack ain't gettin it lately, I'm stackin that paper, baby Maybe I should get a maybe, or maybe I should call +Baby+ My +Cash Money+ is crazy, I crashed up my Mercedes and bought me a Ferrari, the license plates say SORRY The insides safari, the paint job Amari And when the sun hit that bitch, man Bounce off them 24's and land on my wristband You better keep your arm on yo' bitch, man Or you gon be Jamal Crawford - sixth man comin off that bench man And it's a shame man, yo' bitch gon make it rain a bender (Ay, ay, ay) [The Game] I brush them haters off, like fuck outta here~! Open up my garage, pull that Porsche truck outta there Like fuck outta here, I'm up outta here I jump on my hog, throw on that Rough Ryder gear I'm a rider yeah, I'm a roller bitch I might be through with Benzes like here, hold this 6 I get money with the players they duckin and dodgin Feds For my bread, bring the lead, cause I'm sittin on the edge Actin like I don't get it, actin like I don't hustle Actin like I don't Diddy, actin like I don't Russell Then you wonder why I be, actin like I don't trust you If you ain't with me then fuck you, next time I see you I cut you How mad was you? Cause last time I hugged you I felt the negative energy nigga I could have snuffed you Bye hater, cause I'm feelin like +Jada+ nigga "We Gon' Make It" [repeat 2X] Tens, twenties, fifties, hundreds {*3X*} Thousands, thousands (it must be tough) [Interlude] How many cars we got nigga? (Thousands, thousands) How many cribs we got nigga? (Thousands, thousands) How many hoes we got nigga? (Thousands, thousands) How many times we told y'all? (Thousands, thousands) How many goons we got nigga? (Thousands, thousands) How many guns we got nigga? (Thousands, thousands) How many haters we got nigga? (Thousands, thousands) Damn... it must be tough Artist: The Game f/ Nelly Furtado, Pharrell Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Mama Knows Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [The Game] + (Pharrell) Mama told me to stay away from them niggas {chill blood} Mama told me she had a 'K for them niggas {chill blood} Mama told me she'd go today for them niggas but my grandmother told me that she would pray for them niggas They just young, black and ignorant, lusting over models and them Benjamins Got the game twisted like (like what?) licorice When I was rocking lottos, moving packs out by McDonald's she was looking for me, pulled up in that old Eldorado I was running round with chicks, chasing new black wheels Why would I do that still? That's what got 2Pac killed But I use that steel cause I will do that deal Screw the muzzle in potatoes of that new MAC mill' What did I learn? Nothing, my pops smoking sherm, bluffing Beating on my moms like her head was a percussion Tap tap, my .45 knocking on your window She said it would be days like this, Pharrell drop the instrumental (yessir) [Chorus 2X: Nelly Furtado] + (The Game) I know I must go, and I don't know my way Still somehow I know I'll end up where we all came from (from my mama's womb) [The Game] Swisher, crack the fifth of, Hennessy pouring like Niagara Falls Used to watch Magic, he showed me how to ball Moms working late night to get our plate right Had some older brothers, all we did was smoke and play-fight Wish I can go back to them days cause streets don't play right Some niggas hard, other niggas was the Kid 'n Play type But that ain't stop me, pretending I was Apollo from Rocky Working on my dip game, now nobody want to box me Pick and choose, stick and move, so many dudes ended up with sleeping bags on late-night news But not my mama son, known around the hood for serving customers She yapping in my ear, but it's louder than the muffler But I didn't listen to her, wish I would have trusted her Wish I had a shovel, be digging both of my brothers up like, here, hug 'em ma, one last time Put a chain on both of them niggas, they get one last shine [Chorus 2X] [The Game] Put your Glock down, recognize a king cause it's my town Word to my mother, you can throw up your rock now Got off the beef shit, cause I ain't tryna see my mama in all black Right there, crying over hard facts Now she gotta turn in all her cars and get her house back Never, she carried me for nine months so she can have whatever Clever, she taught me how to shoot Berettas Told me that I'd be a +King+, so R.I.P. to Coretta If you don't understand that then refer to my "Letter..." while I sprinkle niggas with platinum from my last album Got the check so I signed on the X like Malcolm Riding through the hood, you hating niggas like 'How come?' That nigga Game got it, heard he selling talcum Either way playboy, check it, this is the outcome You might not like it, but my mama psychic Why you niggas twisted like the top of a Sidekick? [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Pharrell, Snoop Dogg Album: California Republic Mixtape Song: Roll My Shit Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Game] "California Republic" mixtape [Chorus: Snoop Dogg] + (Pharrell) Nigga I tell a bitch quit (heyyy) Sit down, shut up and floss my shit My music gone, all that talkin ain't it (heyyy) So sit down, shut up and roll my shit (now) Now smoke with me, I got my folk with me Now take this money and hold this all for me Now let it soak for me, now bitch is you wit it? I gots to get it, I got-gots to get it {"Check-check it out"} {"D-D-DJ Skee"} [Game] When I wake up in the morning sometimes I feel like goin back to sleep But I gotta keep this product on the street ... Tryna take over my turf Stretch me out in a hearse cause that is what it's worth Baby mama keeps sweatin a nigga, cause the rent's due Two sons, daughter on the way, I think I'm fin's to get out on these streets, stack this money like Bill Gates And do whatever it takes to keep my family straight Livin in Compton, some say it's suicide Crossin the street and catch a bullet from a drive-by My homie Dez got it sippin on at St. Ives So many dead homies when I hear about it I can't cry I lost my grandmother, that's when I flipped Only decision to make now, Blood or a Crip Drove across the tracks, opened up the door on my 'llac Put the dope in the front, hop in the back It was like that [Game] Throw on some clothes, grab the fo' and hit the back do' Hop the back gate and meet the fiends by the liquor sto' Cops drive by, lookin at us like we stole somethin They hit the brakes, that's when everybody start runnin 8-ball in my sock, sprintin down the block Cut through the projects and that's when I threw the Glock Goddamn it feel good to be home free The city where they don't sleep, right next to Long Beach Hard to survive in this motherfuckin jungle Runnin with the wrong niggaz, that'll take you under That's what happened to my nigga Big Will Trust the wrong bitch, that's what got his ass killed A blunt and some Hennessy, a lot of good memories How do you survive when everybody's your enemy? Before you brush your teeth grab your strap Cause niggaz'll pull the jack, and bitches'll peel your cap Believe that [Game] Ain't nothin better than a down ass bitch When you're locked up in the pen and she's sendin you naked flicks On the tear reminiscin like a mother Two strikes on your case file, locked upstate now Tell me, how the fuck I'm 'posed to be a father to my kids? Son gangbangin cause his daddy doin nine years And that happens in every hood in America Shoot your own brother up and wonder why they scared of ya And your momma at home without a backbone Your girl gettin tired of waitin so she get her back blown by your homie, that used to be your man And you can't do shit, cause you're sittin in the can And when you get out, you'll probably go and kill this nigga On his third strike, man the jury 'bout to kill this nigga That's why I don't trust a nigga or a bitch Cause either way a nigga always end up caught up in some shit [Outro: Snoop Dogg] Yeah, game recognize game nephew See when a bitch with me, she know off the top She gon' sit down, shut the fuck up, and roll my motherfuckin weed Talkin is not an issue, you understand me? Bitch you do as I say When I tell you to talk, you talk and I ain't told you to talk so shut the fuck up You hear me? Real pimp shit nigga, West Coast We stay keepin our hoes in check See that's y'all problem man Bitches takin y'all to court, runnin you niggaz crazy Got niggaz wanna kill theyself Man, fuck a bitch man I crack a bitch, seven dizzles and wizzle, you understand me? I keep bitches like I keep weed I got blueberry, AK-47, train wreck Whatever you need, you dig? That's it, haha [Siri from iPhone] {*beep*} New message from Ski: "California Republic" is now finished. We will be back soon. Thank you for visiting. Goodbye. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Pharrell, Shyne Album: California Republic Mixtape Song: They Don't Want None Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Game] Yeah, turn me up a little bit more Yeah, yeah that's it, go Niggaz in L.A. with P See I'ma hop me a flight to Belize and get this shit done This week, fast forward now I'm in Belize Feelin myself, yeah, check {"DJ Skee-Skee-Skee-Skee-Skee-Skee"} [Game] + (Pharrell) Far as dough I'm stuffed with cash, pop 'em like fuck the tags Lampin in Belize, Louis Vuitton duffle bags Guess who home? My nigga Shyne Straight out the brick house to a brick house, money flowin like it's Cristal Shine on it Swiss styles, I'm hood as Kiss Styles Moncler Bomber jacket perfect for the piss style Here this now, them boys don't want none Release on the bloodclaat, to him body go numb Gangland #1, Money Gang #2 Star Trak #3, back to EPMD (We gots to chill) While I stack a mil' to the ceiling Ten Benzes outside, meet them gangstas in the building One nigga, can't stop this motherfuckin killin Hell on Earth the repercussion, the blood is spilt on my children (what?) Cowboys and Indians, motherfuck the pilgrims! Infiltrate my squad, knew every cap peelin For real [Chorus: Game] + (Pharrell) (They don't want none) Don't make a nigga pull Glocks and bust shots, spin that black Ghost around the block (They don't need none) We got pills for days Give a bitch chills and thrills for days - knahmean? (Let 'em have some) Ace of Spades by the fountains Kush by the ounces, marijuana mountains (And when we come) We bringin the funk Yo P, let 'em know (HAH!) Money Gang, uh [Shyne] Fish out the cooker, theme music for the pussies In the kitchen with the cook of Blood Gang and you woofers You fuckin hookers, y'all a bunch of Ashton Kutchers with your fairy tale raps - I ain't jackin that Yo Game, I'm laughin at these copper turned shottas, imagine that Yo where the fuck your life happen at? You's the only one there - I swear (I swear) Stop the bloodclaat cryin I'm in Belize with Game when the shots firin, he's silent Y'all muh'fuckers singin I've seen the paperwork, you a fuckin pigeon, no kitchen Count blood money to the ceiling George Jackson shit, vague vag' villain Hopin every sellin, clippin{?} Y'all ain't fuckin with me, I'm the best livin [Game] Check it, what the bloodclaat? Nigga Blood got Ferrari's and Lambo's parked outside the drug spot Survived five shots, you know that Them bitch niggaz died, they cried, cause they had to pay fo' that Paris Hilton, where the blow at? I just won a hundred racks on blackjack and you know I'm 'bout to blow that They don't make real niggaz where you from Sig-45, I'm 'bout to finger-fuck the trigger 'til them hollows come/cum Talk shit? Swallow one, you fuckin move me I disrespect niggaz like in old Italian movies I'm sayin, I live, you're ready I come in the restaurant with my shirt off and spit in your fuckin spaghetti sauce Boss, my pocket's fatter than my nigga Ross Wipe the spilt Patrón off my mouth with my Louis cloth Understand? I'm a California felon Bust your cerebellum, Skateboard go and tell 'em! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Pharrell, Snoop Dogg Album: California Republic Mixtape Song: When My Niggas Come Home Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Pharrell] Ain't no other nigga here real as my dude And used to throw money like this - WHOOOO~! Honey what you lookin at? Ain't no need to guessin Starin over here you about to be a legend [Chorus: Pharrell] And when my nigga come home We gon' party 'til 6 in the morn I tell you when my nigga come home We gon' pop champagne 'til it's gone I tell you when my nigga come home, we gon' celebrate Have lobster (and) shrimp (and) pasta, steak When my nigga come home He can have any damn thing that he want [The Game] I got a nigga locked up, for about another month He did nine years, he'll be home before I finish this blunt (What else?) I just bought an ounce of skunk Me and my nigga 'bout to go hard like when LeBron dunk (Yeah) We +Ridin' High+ like Southern niggaz in the dump And e'rybody and they momma know U.G.K. in the trunk (What's in the backseat?) North Cakalak' freaks And the shit that we smokin can melt the Mac on they cheeks Well we headed to that Magic City, he ain't see no ass and titties in about a decade, these hoes 'bout to get paid They took him to the back, I ain't seen his ass in two hours Two-time felon takin a shower in the motherfuckin strip club [Interlude: repeat 2X] Inhale, inhale and blow it out, blow it out [The Game] When my nigga come home, that's on E'RYTHANG, I got him~!! Know why? Cause we was like that, and we came from the bottom Know how many pictures I was mad that I took cause I couldn't throw up the hood, the police had my shook And all you wanted was Superhead's book So I sent because I meant it now the clothes is the crooks And your girl, she fine as a motherfucker Told you she cheated on you, she was lyin like a motherfucker When you went in, we was dreamin 'bout that trey Now it's a four door flyin spur with "Killafornia" plates 'Member when we was in the spot, writin to them Dre beats Now I'm fuckin with some N*E*R*Ds; Chad and Skateboard P But remember when we was hard? Sayin to each other nothin rippin us apart Now a nigga ballin and you sittin on the yard But you comin home to that Ferrari in the car Max that motherfucker! [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Snoop Dogg] One thing you can count on when you touch down You gon' have it all, laid out, everything is paid out Comin home eventually, you in the penitentiary The homies like to mention me cause I looks out, essentially Big BC cuz, J-Dawg and Tray Deee Young Joda, Scotty Boi and Y.C. Fame gave me cavi, and cavi became chips Blue put me on the set; nigga, it's 20 Crip My cousin Flip been locked up for 25 And Dre-Lo, he's a real 20 Crip for life Now if I mention yo' name, you know the business cuz When you get it - you know we livin it up! [Chorus] + [Interlude] Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Album: The Appeal: Georgia's Most Wanted Song: Haterade Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Chorus: Pharrell] We've evolved from small to the tall and shall not stall, been flyin too long Ooo whoa oh~! Ooo whoa oh~! Ooo whoa oh~! Ooo whoa oh, girl... I be sippin on haterade (yup!) That deep-down, getcha paid (yup!) And it taste like lemonade (yup!) Scrunch your face when you sing it babe (yup!) I be sippin on haterade (yup!) That deep-down, getcha paid (yup!) That flavor's lemonade (yup!) Scrunch your face when you sing it babe, y'knalmtalkinbout? [Gucci Mane] I'm not listenin, I'm not interested My attention only focused on what I get And I'm glistenin, they call me Mr. Check White ice lemonade, red ice she thick Got a general Phantom, bitch I'm icy and peachy So I treat it real good like hoes is squeezed My life, I ain't ever seen a car like that And she prolly won't see the next shit I get And a seventeen fresh, and I say, "I guess" Successful, healthy, I live no stress So today is the day that the big boys shine Drop tops everywhere, I wouldn't know how to rock Got the titties of today showin off tan lines Cash bendin in my pockets, no it's not, draw lines Me and Skateboard P in the club on time No not on time, but it's just in time It's Gucci! [Nicki Minaj] {*Sighs*} Uhh, yo, aiyyo This one goes out to all of my critics Don't you feel stupid? Look how I did it Look how it came to pass when I said it We can do debit, I don't need no credit Yes I'm epic, look how I rep it It's been eight years, but I broke the record Yup, the record - yup, the record - yup, the record (And just for the record) Uhh, I'm all that I can be And I'll admit, I'm appalled when you envy Because you can do it too, and you can do it too I just happen to be the girl that they do it too So I'ma bounce back, and I'ma ball out And every time you see me, I'ma go all out And I'ma win till the endin Don't be mad when you see me transcendin Guc! [Gucci Mane] I ball hard, I should be in Sports Illustrated Cooler as a muthafucka in a Porschelemonade coupe And a Ferrari in your hood, you're intimidated Mutilated, Maserati Lamborghini decapitated Fed investigation on what I accumulated Sayin he ain't real, that I'm not the man that I say I am, like I give a damnmuch Ride around town pickin up stacks Some like Louis, some like Gucci But I love money, yeah I love solution And my teenage karat ring, baby girl choose And I ain't really hard to please baby come choose (come choose {*echoes*}) Lounge around, around the town with the top chopped off You can call it lost and found 'cause my top stay down And I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought this car I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought the car It's Gucci! [Pharrell] Gon' lift ya glass, gon' liftya glass [Gucci] Just think about the future and forget the past [Pharrell] Everybody just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass [Gucci] If a nigga keep hatin, tell him kiss ya ass [Pharrell] Just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass [Gucci] Let's think about the future and forget the past [Pharrell] Everybody just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass [Gucci] That nigga think they goin hard, don't make me laugh - it's Gucci The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Kiss of Death Song: Hot Sauce to Go Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Jadakiss] (Pharrell) AH-HA! (hot sauce to go) Light in the incense, backup And turn the lights off in the motherfucker! (Hot sauce to go) Right now! Please! Thank you, muah! Ahah-ha! (hot sauce to go) You know who it is! (Jada) The obvious is beautiful! (hot sauce to go) Marlvelous, I'm getting older [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! [Verse - Jadakiss] Yo, we gon hit something I'm cutting the rug wit love Or I'm on the wall pressed up against something You should let em know the boss is back So y'all niggas that went wood go get more shalack I see bowlegs backing it in I put it on her wit the ol' school two step, clap and a spin Filled up her cup, slid her a dutch You know what's happenin then (what?) in And all I did was having a grin Off top let her know I ain't one of these dudes Rhyming to lose, naw ma I'm rapping to win Yeah! yes! They know the God be fresh I'm on that ass blowing purple on the washing set And even though I came wit thugs You still might catch a few of them 'Stepping In The Name Of Love' Uh! It's D on the Block, the Ryde is Ruff And you wit the motherfucking Billionaire Boys Club! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! [Verse - Jadakiss] Gangsta leanin, Kiss be in the bank wit cream and My wrists and my neck be gleamin Whatever I got cost, Honey look hotter than Hot Sauce That's why I get to hop in a drop Porsche Then she get dropped off, told her that the whole block pop off She come through, take them rocks off And therefore, wanna know, what would they stare for They heard about the work, it's as white as your Air Force Maybe it's the voice that the world got an ear for Most of these rappers, I just don't care for So I be on the honies wit the big ol' asses Hypno and Cleako in big ol' glasses We could do the damn thang, order the champagne Honey's Head of the State, and I'm running the Campaign If you coming, c'mon, if not I'm gone Other than that, yo Pharrell, sing my song! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Hot sauce to go.. hot sauce to go [Verse - Jadakiss] Hey yo, Honey got a goon thinking That ass like that, she could have the room stinking I - picked her up in the maroon Lincoln Blew her back out until the moon sank in Spend the profit, hold on the to the re Lock me up, hold on the to key I want you to wake up in the morning wit me I got it bad for ya, breakfast and a cab for ya [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (w/ Jada ad-libs) You got to move wit the groove As she lay on the one's and two's Wait a minute, wait a minute You gon stink up the room! Wit that big ol' ass! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Would you go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Go to jail, LIGHT ME UP! Hot sauce watch out.. hot sauce to go Hot sauce to go.. hot sauce to go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Cassie, Pharrell Album: The Last Kiss Song: Stress Ya Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Interlude: Cassie] + (Pharrell) If you want it, come get it (New York City must be) If you want it, come get it If you want it, come get it If you want it, come get it (New York City must be) [Chorus: Pharrell] Yeah, you can dance if you want to But you really don't have to dance See you got your eyes on the hustlers, you just wanna touch us C'mon with the lump in your pants See, I ain't gon' stress ya But I know my glow got you under pressure You already know that the flow is extra Stand right here so the blocks can catch ya, listen [Jadakiss] C'mon, c'mon.. naw, uh-huh You know, AH-HAH! Uh, yo If you wan' take a picture with money then stand right here You see all eyes is on the man right here Us hookin up is the plan I swear And you ain't gotta dance, you could stand right there Nice hips plus she got an ass to lean on Type of honey that you wanna flash the green on Real New Yorker, brilliant author The work still on the same scale as Orca Still sellin the kush and lightin the sour Still in the hood gettin right with the powder So it ain't no need in fightin the power Cause the flicks'll be up on every site in an hour, c'mon [Jadakiss] Uh-uh, uh-huh, know, AH-HAH! Uh, yo - J to the MWAH I'm one of the best in world ma, that's what they say on the blogs Look in the garage, half of the cars off the bars, and the other half off the mall My entourage is large, so hard 'Kiss run the streets, my niggaz run the yard Whoever disagree could bet they get scarred We keep it so rugged but we still so suave Just seen your girl, 'bout to give me a massage Her friend wanna join, 'bout to make it a ménage Let the desert off for the sake of the mirage Cause it all look good, until the Louis lands far, yeah [Interlude] – repeat 2X [Jadakiss] Uh-uh, uh-huh, you know, AH-HAH! Uhh, yeah, yo - flow extra, dough extra They recognize the glow no matter who he's next to Recognized your hoe, then he probably sexed her All my hood niggaz gettin money, throw your sets up You know what it is with the kid, put your bets up Honey wanna slide but I got her under pressure Keep tryin to tell her that I ain't tryin to stress her But come stand right here so the blocks can catch ya; let's go [Outro: Pharrell] New York City must be... New York City must be... New York City must be... New York City must be... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams, Usher Album: Kingdom Come Song: Anything Typed by: wilkinsmorillo@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One] Ooh you so nasty Amateur pole dancing Come and get this cash from me They call me rain man She tried to rain dance Money so long it will drown you girl Buried under so much stacks They had to pull back about 50 thou Before they found ya girl I brought book bags of that bankroll I'm a D boy baby they know I'm an original D boy They go bankrupt if they try to keep up No roof in my car but I got mirrors on the ceiling I'll spread bread on the bed Ever had sex on a million Tell me Anything you want girl I'll bet you never seen it like this Just stay up on that floor girl And I'll grant all your wishes You know, you know, you know You know, you know, you know You hot Especially when you bounce, bounce I really like it when you bounce, bounce [Verse Two] Red light, TLC Through the left eye My POV On the eye chat How's that for computer love She rolled her eyes back I'm like ooh you're so nasty You turned my Maybach back seat Into the Hotel De'Paris I ain't gotta go Down to the go go You got a private show that's like magic city I got stacks of fifties I got piles of hundreds That's role play Act like you want it You know you know you hot like fire You throw that body I'll throw them dollars But not them 1's and not no 5's Have you ever seen a Grover Cleveland That's a thousand dollars [Verse Three] Girl You know You hot like fire As I blow some dough You might retire Take it slow like Ne-Yo When shots was fired In the Matrix have patience Got lots of bottles Rock-a-bye baby JAY-Z got notes like Mariah Got no 1's got no 5's My D notes are higher I'm a D boy, they decoys They money is lighter Like Nicole Richie Come with me They on the diet baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: American Gangster Song: Blue Magic Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Intro] Roc-A-Fella records The imperial Skateboard P Great Hova Y'all already know what it is (oh shit!) C'mon! [Verse 1] Yeah; so what if you flip a couple words? I could triple that in birds open your mind you see the circus in the sky I'm Ringling Brothers Barnum & Bailey with the pies No matter how you slice it I'm your motherfuckin guy Just like a b-boy with 360 waves Do the same with the pot, still come back beige Whether right or southpaw, whether pot or the jar Whip it around - it still come back hard So easily do I W-H-I-P My repitition with wrists'll bring you kilo figures I got creole C.O. bitches for my niggaz who slipped, became prisoners, trees taped to the visitors You already know what the business is Unnecessary commissary boy we live this shit Niggaz wanna bring the 80s back That's okay with me, that's where they made me at Except I don't write on the wall I write my name in the history books, hustle in the hall (hustle in the hall) Nah, I don't spin on my head  I spin work in the pots so I can spend my bread [Chorus] (Pharrell) And I'm gettin it, I'm gettin it I ain't talkin about it, I'm livin it I'm gettin it, straight gettin it Ge-ge-ge-get get get it boy (Don't waste your time fighting the life  Stay your course, and you'll understand) Get it boy [Verse 2] It's '87 state of mind that I'm in (mind that I'm in) In my prime, so for that time, I'm Rakim (I'm Rakim) If it wasn't for the crime that I was in But I wouldn't be the guy whose rhymes it is that I'm in (that I'm in) No pain, no profit, P I repeat if you show me where the pot is (pot is) Cherry M3's with the top back (top back) Red and green G's all on my hat North beach leathers, matching Gucci sweater Gucci sneaks on to keep my outfit together Whatever, hundred for the diamond chain Can't you tell that I came from the dope game Blame Reagan for making me into a monster Blame Oliver North and Iran-Contra I ran contraband that they sponsored Before this rhymin stuff we was in concert [Verse 3] Push (push) money over broads, you got it, fuck Bush Chef (chef), guess what I cooked Baked a lot of bread and kept it off the books  Rockstar, look, way before the bars my picture was getting took Feds, they like whack rappers Tried as they may, couldn't get me on the hook D.A. wanna indict me Cause fish scales in my veins like a pisces The pyrex pot, rolled up my sleeves Turn one into two like a Siamese Twin when it end, I'm a stand as a man never dyin or admirin these Last of a dyin breed, so let the champagne pop I partied for a while now I'm back to the block The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Album: The Black Album Song: Change Clothes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] Wooo! Uh, uh, bounce is back Uhh, uh-uh uh uh, geyeah, uh, your boy is back (Sexy, sexy) I know y'all missed the bounce You need to bounce for the sexy, y'know? Hah, haha, uh, let's get it in Yeah ma [Verse One] Your dude is back, the Maybach Coupe is back Tell the whole world the truth is back You ain't gotta argue about who can rap Cause the proof is back, just go through my raps New York, New York! Yeah, where my troopers at? Where my hustlers, where my boosters at? I don't care what you do for stacks I know the world glued your back to the wall You gotta brawl, do that I been through that, been shot at, shoot back Gotta keep a peace/piece like a Buddhist I ain't a +New Jack+, nobody gon' Wesley Snipe me It's less than likely, move back Let I breathe, Jedi Knight The more space I get the better I write, ohh Whenever I write, but, if, ever I write I need the space to say whatever I like, now I just [Chorus: Jay-Z] + (Pharrell) (change clothes, and go) You know I stay, fresh to death, a boy from the projects And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go (So let's exchange num...bers and go) Uh-huh, yeah {And girl I promise you, no substitutions} Just me [Verse Two] And I ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the phantom You can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem Or you can come by yourself if you can stand him Best believe, I sweat out weaves Give +Afro Puffs+ like R.A.G.E. Haul-U get a view could move it Back it on up like a U-Haul truck Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi new shit He and the boy Phar-real make beautiful music He is to the East coast what Snoop is To the West, what 'Face is to Houston Young Hov' in the house is so necessary No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary No panties and jeans, that's so necessary Now why you frontin on me, is that necessary? Do I, to you, look like a lame Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoot game Who's up on dot dot dot and Vera Wang Ma are you insane? Let's just (What you want me to do?) [Pharrell] + (Jay-Z) Ha ha! Sexy sexy, ha ha! Sexy sexy (It's so necessary ma) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (woo, that's right, it's a groove) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (uh, uh, it's a groove, uh, bring it back) [Verse Three] Young Hov' in the house is so necessary No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary No panties and jeans, that's so necessary Why you frontin on me? Let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well with those S. Dots, gotta stay fresh ma Ma, I don't shop where the rest buy Hoe no ma, please respect my jiggy this is probably purple label Or that BBC shit or it's probably tailored And y'all niggaz actin way too tough Throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just [Pharrell] + (Jay-Z) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (uh, uh, WOO, sing along) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (yeah, uh.. turn your radio up) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (woo, put your hands in the air if you in the club) Ha ha! Sexy sexy (snap your fingers now) Ha ha! (your boy is back, uh-huh) (the bounce is back, uh, uh woo!) (uh, Young is back, hahahaha - PEACE!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Excuse Me Miss Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jay-Z] You can't roll a blunt to this one You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J You gotta puff a J on this one {*inhales*} You can't even drink Crist-OWL on this one You gotta drink Crist-ALL Buy some red wine, a little Gaja 9-7 This is for the grown and sexy, uhh [Pharrell - over the end of Jay-Z's intro] You're so contagious, I can't take it Have my baby, let's just make it Ex-cuse me; what's your name? [Jay-Z] Yeah, can I get my grown man on for one second? Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be hangin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z (Pharrell: So hot to trot.. la-dy!) Excuse me miss, what's your name? Can you come, hang with me? Possibly, can I take you out, to-night [Verse One] You already know what it's hittin for Ma I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sittin on 50/50 venture with them S dots kickin off Armadale poppin now, only bring a nigga more Only thing missin is a Missus You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner to play spades with the cards up, ALL TRUST Who else you gon' run with, the truth is us Only dudes movin units - Em, Pimp Juice and us .. it's the Roc in here! Maybach outside, got rocks in ears PJ's on the runway, Young got air I don't land at a airport, I call it the clearport Therefore, I don't wanna hear more back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla! [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Jay-Z] I got my Gaja 9-7 on right now [Ph.W.] La-dy.. [Jay-Z] You gotta puff a J to this one [Jay-Z] Can't roll a blunt up to this one boy [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? (AOWW!) [Jay-Z] Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be rollin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? [Jay-Z] Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be rollin wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. [Verse Two] Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him. He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!" Now she don't like him, she never met him Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em Better them than me, she don't agree with him She's mad at that, he's not havin that So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin along with a flashy nigga braggin on the song She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that He 2-ways her, so she writes back Smiley faces after all of her phrases Either she the one or I'm caught in "The Matrix" But fukkit, let the +Fish-burne+ Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon! [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! [Jay-Z] You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Jay-Z] You might go, you mighta gotta go get you some Scooby Doo's [Ph.W.] La-dy.. [Jay-Z] Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's; those are shoes by the way [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Jay-Z] Gotta throw on Scooby Doo's, hehehehe [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? [Jay-Z] This for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? [Jay-Z] Woo! [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. [Verse Three] Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one you can easily get past, but that chapter is done ... but I'm done readin for now Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now But ma you got a f'real f'serious role I'm bout to give you all the keys and security codes Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playin But, before I jump out the window, what's your name? [Ph.W.] Sex-cuse me... damn! [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] La-dy.. [Ph.W.] You're so contagious, I can't take it [Ph.W.] Have my baby, let's just make it [Ph.W.] Ex-cuse me; what's your name? [Ph.W.] So hot to trot.. la-dy! What's your name? [Ph.W.] You're so foxy girl.. you're so hot to trot.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z Album: Blueprint 2.1 Song: Excuse Me Miss Again Typed by: Jp2o@aol.com [Hook: Pharrell] Memph Bleek always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Beanie Sigel always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Neptunes track smoke like lalala... (Hooo) It's the ROC baby, SING OUR LULLABY Come on! Excuse me miss, I'm the shit (do you want me to do it?) You should come, hang wit me, basically (do you want me to do it?) Hold up, skip all the singin' lets go ride tonight, mami (Come on now...Uhhh) [Jay-Z] I know my English ain't as modest as you like But come, get some, you little bums I take the cake from under the baker's thumbs I bake the cake get two of them for one Then I move the +weight+ like I'm +Oprah's son+ Uhhh, I show you how to do this son Young don't mess wit chicks in Burberry patterns Fake Manolo boots straight from Steve Madden (un-uh) He padded hisself the rap JFK, you wanna pass for my Jaqueline Onassis Then hop ya ass out that S-class Lay back in that maebach, roll the best grass, I ask... Have you in your long-legged life ever seen a watch surrounded by this much pink ice? (uhh) Look but don't touch, muthafucker think twice Cause the gat that I clutch got a little red light Need a light?... [Hook] To smoke that lalala...(Hooo) Beanie Sigel always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Memph Bleek always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) It's the ROC mami, SING OUR LULLABY Come on! [Jay-Z] We got brothers full of Arme, mamis in Manolo Bags by Chanel, Louis Vuitton logos All attracted to Hov' because they know dough When they see him, which be European If you're a +te-en+ (ten) chances your wit +him+ If you're a five you know you ridin' wit th-em Sick wit the pen nigga, no position in the world could fix him No prescription, you could prescribe to subside his affliction He's not a sane man, more like reign man twitchin' You can't rain dance on his picnic No Haitian voodoo, no headless chickens can dead his sickness (whoo) No Ouija board, you can't see me dog, nigga you +CB4+ This ain't +Chris Rock+ bitch, it's the ROC bitch And I'm the +franchise+ like a Houston Rocket Nawimean (Yao Ming)... [Hook] Still smoking that lalala... Memph Bleek still smoking that lalala.... Beanie Sigel, desert eagle to fo' to five.... It's the ROC baby, SING OUR LULLABY Come on! [Jay-Z] Forget English talk body language I be all over mamis like body painters Pink diamond necklace, strawberry wrist Please excuse yourself, you're very sick Don't confuse me wit marbury out this bitch Run up on me at the light, you could lose your life Muh'fuckas must be smoking they lalala la crack .45 gun smoke, choke off that Back to the music, I ain't wit all that Plus the feds tappin my music I get all that I'm THE public industry number one Public industry number two is my whole crew R-O-C And I ain't concerned wit' who like me, who like you That's gay, I ain't into likin' dudes no way But get a pen, I can tell you pricks my plans for the future I never make the news again my man'll shoot ya [Hook] As we, smoke that lalala...(Hooo) Memphis Bleek always smoking that lalala....(Hooo) Beanie Sigel, desert eagle to fo' to five....(Hooo) It's the ROC bitch SING OUR LULLABY Come on! [Pharrell] Do you want me to do it... come watch me now, uhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell, Vybz Kartel, Wayne Marshall Album: Red Star Sounds Presents: Def Jamaica Song: Frontin' (Dancehall Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro: Wayne Marshall] + (Vybz Kartel) Original dancehall remix from Kingston Jamaica, Star Trak!!! (Up to di time) Turn it up, turn it up, turn it up, wow!!! [Verse 1: Jay-Z] + (Pharrell) Everytime your name was brought up I would act all nonchalant infront of an audience Like if you was just another shorty I put the naughty on But uh, truth be told you do me for a loop, this Hov I'm too old to be frontin when I'm feeling Denzel And you acting like you ain't appealing when you are Stunting like you ain't my only girl when you are (I was just frontin) I'm ready to stop when you are [Verse 2: Vybz Kartel] Jay-Z, Marshall, Kartel and Pharrell Pha-real ROC-A-Wear apparel for real Girlfriend your friends and you full of a sex appeal You have the best for texture feel And to Kim, Karyn, Nicole or Ce'cile Now for my lovefor you in time will reveal Mi a go make you wear a ring like Shaquille O' Neal Keep it real with me and I'll keep it real, you know [Verse 3: Wayne Marshall] Don't be fooled by my glitter and my fame girl Cause it's you that I really wanna share my name, yeah, my name Yo, hey, a lot of girls come and go with the hype up To me you mean more than just one night, yo, one night * Letters in CAPS mean Wayne Marshall is singing with Pharrell [Chorus: Pharrell & Wayne Marshall] I know that I'm carrying on, never mind if I'm showing off I WAS JUST FRONTIN (you know I want ya babe) I'm ready to bet it all, unless you don't care at all BUT YOU KNOW I WANT YA (you should stop frontin babe) [Verse 4: Vybz Kartel] Listen, and you will hear wedding bells in my ear Reception in Spain honeymoon in Zaire Mi need yuh fi breed by di end of this year Of if you girl fi mi brighten my world fi mi This isn't comedy like Fresh Prince of Bel Air Mi serious when mi tell yuh seh mi love and mi care True, and if yuh willin share Double king size bed deh yah, wid di linen fit here [Verse 5: Wayne Marshall] Don't be fooled by my glitter and my fame girl Cause it's you that I really wanna share my name, yeah, my name Yo, hey, a lot of girls come and go with the hype up To me you mean more than just one night, yo, one night [Verse 6: Wayne Marshall] Watch the remix now!!! Mek mi tell yuh somethin I need yuh mama I did a really dumb thing to bring you drama I was just frontin with all the glamma ROC-A-Wear, Sean John, Dolce Gabbana On di real though, a you mi hona A you a mek mi tink fi call di weddin planna And even if you see mi wid Donna Just rememba there is odda, wow! Don't be fooled by my glitter and my fame girl Cause it's you that I really wanna share my name, yeah, my name Yo, hey, a lot of girls come and go with the hype up To me you mean more than just one night, yo, one night [Outro: Wayne Marshall] + (Vybz Kartel) Oh, girl I never really mean to front (Never meant) I know you probably think I'm drunk But I'm just being blount You know we don't play no stunts (Straight up) I really never mean to front I know you probably feel I'm drunk But I'm just being blount You know we don't play no stunts [Vybz] I need you in my life, frontin [Wayne] Wooo oooh oooh!!! [Vybz] Stop frontin, timeless The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Fuck All Nite Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro/Chorus: Pharrell Williams] You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!) But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!) Why not? You should be comin home with me Sittin in this lap with the luxury Now you be, comin home while I'm wakin up (Yeah!) Actin like you behave and stuff Uh-huh, you should be comin home with me  Sittin in this lap with the luxury, now check it [Verse One: Jay-Z] + (Pharrell) Yes.. a lime to a lemon, my V-A women walk in Manolo Blahniks cause my condo with elevators in 'em She wanna wrinkle my linens So I sprinkle her with gin and then we begin sinnin, uhh Blasphemy, oh my God, every sentence She keeps scratchin me like she have tiger in her This is exact-a-ly, why I had to pin her to the bed like a wres-tl-er, had to pretzel her, uhh Her man kept pagin, stressin her So I told her what to say just in case he question her (Situations.. will arise, but you gotta be smart about it) No matter what you do, don't talk about us Don't give him no info, he'll be lost without it Just keep your mouth shut, we could do this again Bring a friend! [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Guess who's back in my motherfuckin house Half black, half white chick, I call her Minnie Mouse Whoo! We always hook up when we out  We do what we like to do and then we out But lately I've been havin the strangest feelings Your boy Young Hov' catchin feelings and it's messin up my dealings cause mami's not willin to leave her boyfriend, she call me her toy-friend Said, "We was just 'sposed to hook up and have a blast" She called me her emergency dick-in-a-glass Hehehe.. I had to laugh for a second Had to check myself, get my mackin back in perspective I slack for a second but I'm back, no question Like I walk with a +Kane+, "Ain't No Half-Steppin'" ... Jeah, and on that note Iceberg Slim is back to rock a boat, c'mon! [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] To the bright Shirley Murdock mornin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast maybe [Verse Three: Jay-Z] This is - if that kid don't get too suspicious Stop blowin up your digits Showin up livid, claimin he wanna fight But Shawn all business with his type (uh-uh) naw! Shawn just tryna keep the friendship tight Shawn to Sean Paul 'em if you "Gimme the Light" And this way you can stay for life, aight? .. [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] To the bright Shirley Murdock mornin [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Until we both start yawnin [Ph.W.] Let's just - fuck all night! Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby [Ph.W.] Yeah [Jay-Z] Let's have breakfast baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ J.U.I.C.E., Pharrell Williams Album: The Dynasty Roc La Familia Song: I Just Wanna Love U (Give it 2 Me) Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [Intro: Jay-Z] Let's go Hov! Uh huh, Hov' You, are, not, ready Hov', unstoppable, Dynasty, young Hova [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] I'm a hustler baby, I'm a hustler I just want you to know, wanna let you know It aint where I been, it aint where I been But where I'm bout to go, top of the world! Now I just wanna love you, just wanna love you But be who I am, you know you love me And with all this cash, mo' money, mo' problems You'll forget your man Now give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) [Jay-Z] When the Remi's in the system, ain't no tellin Will I fuck 'em will I diss 'em, that's what they be yellin I'm a pimp by blood, not relation Y'all be chasin, I replace them, huh? Drunk off Crist', mami on E Can't keep her little model hands off me Both in the club, high, singing off key "And I wish I never met her at all..." It gets better, ordered another round It's, about, to go, down Got six model chicks, six bottles of Crist' Four Belvederes, got weed everywhere What do you say, me, you, and your Chloe glasses Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion Like, Prada blouse, Gucci bra Filth Mart jeans, take that off [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] Give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I said give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) [Jay-Z] Yeah, save the narrative, you savin it for marriage Let's keep it real ma, you savin it for karats You wanna see how far I'ma go How, much I'ma spend but you already know Zip, zero, stingy with dinero Might buy you Crist', but that about it Might light your wrist, but that about it Fuck it, I might wife you and buy you nice whips Ma, but you really gotta ride nice dick Know how to work your hips and your head's priceless Profess you love the Hov', and I'll never let you down Get you bling like the Neptune sound Okay, hot Hov', too hot to hold Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's soul Only way to roll, Jigga and two ladies I'm too cold, Motorola, two way page me, c'mon [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] Give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I said give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I'm a hustler baby, uh, Hov' I just want you to know, Hov' It aint where I been But where I'm bout to go, Hov', Hov' Now I just wanna love you, young Hova But be who I am, know you love me And with all this cash, mo' money, mo' problems You'll forget your man [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah Same song, I'm back, been around the world Ro-mancing girls that dance with girls From, Club Cheetah, to Club Amnesia The Peanuts in L.A., Bubblin' in Dublin Can't deny me, why would you want to You need me, why don't you try me Baby you want to, believe me, Hov'! [Break: Pharrell Williams (J.U.I.C.E.)] Give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) I said give it to me (Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff But don't bullshit me Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff) You gotta... Give it to me Uh, uh huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Album: American Gangster Song: I Know Typed by: ny4life33@yahoo.com [Chorus - Pharrell] (Jay-Z) And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know (I know what you like) And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know (I know what you love) Everything you like  Everything you love  Everything you like Everything you love And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know And I Know I know what you like  Everything you like   (Baby you like ....HOV!)  Everything you love   (Baby you love ....HOV!) Everything you like   (Baby you like ....HOV!) Everything you love   (Baby you love ....HOV!) [Verse 1] Uh She wants that old thing back Uh, uh, uh She want those heroin tracks She likes me She fiends for me nightly She leans for me Morning she rush for my touch This is about lust Cold sweats occur when I'm not with her My presence is a must, must-must Bonita Applebum, I gotta put you on If I didn't when we cuttin', the feeling would be too strong In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing That Black Rain that take away your pain Just for one night, baby, take me in vein Now that feelin' got you trippin' You no wanna feel no different Said lust has got you itchin' All wide open and its' drippin'(eh,eh,eh,eh) I know what you like, I am your prescription I'm your physician, I'm your addiction [Verse 2] I am so dope Like Louis Vuittons with the red bottoms You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em Like every color, Giuseppe's your guilty pleasure is me Its so much fun, you shun therapy Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting Shopping's like coppin', you constantly need it I'm never around, you constantly seeking You'll never be down, I know where your peak is 9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps I keep tryin' to remind you to keep tellin' yourself Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!" Like you better get help But when that medicine's felt? We're back together Don't ever leave me Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me My China White, 'til we D.O.A. Its Montega forever, baby, lets get away.... [Verse 3] How could you leave me? I thought that you needed me When the world got too much and you pleaded with me Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me How could you deny me so vehemently? Now your body is shakin' trying to free it of me And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes), Young Chris Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: Nigga Please Typed by: DCSuspence@aol.com [Pharrell] What, uh, c'mon.. uh Keep the change, my nigga (it's too late) It's too late for that Don't gotta to spit that game Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that [Jay-Z: speaking over Pharrell] Uh, uh, young, Neptunes, Young Chris, ROC Uh, pimp stroll, pop my collar, hug the block, get dollars Pimp stroll, pop my collar, hug my nuts, bitch holla [Chorus: Pharrell] My nigga, please - you ain't signin no checks like these My nigga, please - you pushin no wheels like these My nigga, please - you ain't holdin no techs like these My nigga, please - you don't pop in vest like these [Jay-Z] My nigga please, uh-huh, uh This my world, pimp stroll, let's do this [Verse One: Jay-Z] Nigga please, you ain't start out from your trunk Then reach the roof, just to put your roof in your trunk Nigga please, chumps don't tour like us You on the road a million hours, I fly over your bus Nigga please, you ain't got your neck all froze With the same logo that you got sketched on your clothes Nigga please, you don't be gettingno hoes With La Perla on they cheeks, can't be messin with cheap chicks Nigga please, you seldom seen with chicks in 7 jeans Manolo Blahnik, I'm goin through they body like an ultrasonic You ain't got 'em blowin no chronic Divine intervention, y'all can't prevent me from shinin Nigga please, I been around the world I damn near beat Jordan in around-the-world Nigga please, you can't even hold my shoes I got wannabes who wannabe me that sound (nigga) better than you [Chorus] + ad libs [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Ahhh! Pimp strollin on 'em Black diamonds, rose goldin on 'em, paper foldin on 'em Snuck pass the dog noses with the Folger's on 'em Ki's, Saran Wrap with petroleum on 'em Snitch got pinched but he told it on 'em Lawyers got it adjourned, 'til I schools him on 'em There's no witnesses, it's no holdin on 'em Just George Jefferson strollin on 'em, uhh Nigga please, this is me, this is real as it be My, videos is like Real TV That chick, that's me, that 6, that's me That boat, I had it on the Mediterranean sea Nigga please [Chorus] + ad libs [Verse Three: Young Chris] Yo, yo Nigga please, y'all ain't seein no checks like these (no) Y'all don't run up in record labels demandin respect like we Y'all don't rock your Roc-A-Wear Nike checks like we Y'all coach class, y'all never private jet like we My nigga please, y'all don't smoke the sour diesel like us You don't go to Pop and get ya flour cheaper than us Knock it off in three hours and repeat it like us And repeat it we must, y'all don't re-up like us Ay, y'all ain't bein like us, 'cause y'all don't see it like us The move the D's when they rush My nigga please, they must be on E's and dust Then niggas f'in with pills, y'all don't get G's like us My nigga please, y'all young'ns ain't got O.G.s like me B. Sig, Young Hov', Dame Dash, Kareem Nigga please, somebody must've gassed your team Think a nigga outrun or outlast gangrene (GangGreen) My nigga please [Chorus] + ad libs [Pharrell] Amazin man, got your aerosol I made my money! I don't trouble the law I keep the womens around I drive the gremlins crazy You wanna know the time? Better have your shades, see My nigga please [Chorus] + ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Pharrell Album: The Blueprint 3 Song: So Ambitious Typed by: skittle9023@yahoo.com [Pharrell] Yeah 3 in the morning on the Westside highway, top down baby, fuck y'all The motivation for me was them telling me what I couldn't be, oh well [Jay-Z] This a special dedication i wanna thank you for the fuel no really thank you [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] I felt so inspired by what my teacher said said I'd either be dead or be a reefer head now sure if thats how adults should speak to kids especially when the only thing I did was speak in class I'll teach his ass even betters what my uncle did I pop my demo tape in start to beat my head peaked out my eye, see if he was beating his he might as well say beat it kid, he's on the list its like I'm searching for kicks like a sneaker head he gon keep pushing me until I reach the ledge and when I reach the ledge I'll tell em all to eat a dick take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread spread spread [Chorus - Pharrell] Motivation for me was them telling me what I could not be, oh well I'm so ambitious I might hit two sisters hey I'm on a mission no matter what the conditions Forget the personal issues when you been what I been through hey if you believe it then you could conceive it [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] I had to lace up my boots even harder Father is too far away to father Further-more all the kids either smoke reefer or either move white, there's few writers in my cypher So they made light of, my type of dreams seem dumb, they said wise up How many guys-a, you see makin it from here The world don't like us, is that not clear? Alright but I'm different, I can't base what I'm gon' be offa what everybody isn't, they don't listen Just whisperin behind my back No vision, lack of ambition, so whack! [Verse 3 - Jay-Z] Had a couple of meetings no office yet maybe I ain't good enough for these offices back to the drawing board ducking officers it's all good cause the streets is A&R'ing this so with or without any of your involvement coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate I went from pauper to the President every deal I made said President niggas thought I'd fall without old buddy oh buddy, what I do is make more money Dear Teacher, your probably somewhere near a speaker I'm balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers fuck y'all [Outro] You see, the motivation for me was them telling me what I could not be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Clipse, Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: Instructions Song: Let's Talk About It Typed by: eChOUnLiMiTeD@aol.com [Intro] I'm gettin' in the groove now, so I'm like, givin it my own shit now Alright, Could the drummer have some, y'all? Could the drummer have some more? Said the drummer ain't had none, in a long time Come on, drummer! *Beat Drops* [Jermaine Dupri (Pharrell Williams)] Uh huh, oh Damn baby, shit How you get all that in them jeans? Nevermind that, you hear this? Its that Star Trak Clipse, (get down!) So So Def [Verse 1 - Terrar of Clipse, (Pharrell Williams)] Question, ask any nigga Rap or a hustler, who rocks is bigger? (The rapper!) Naw, dog, go figure, with the V12, I make that straight killa I flood the block, I hug the glock I have a whole neighborhood that seen a thug to stop (Stop!) Cause I show 'em what Waco see, then hit the district then visit to Jac-o-b I like my diamonds colored, watch it smothered (me too) Show off at the place of jewels, let the white man love it (hahaha) I'm too much, got bitches out for me Bring 'em home, give 'em they choice of balcony She said "We can have more fun", I said "How can we?" Then she brought her girl in and ate her out for me, wow (Wow!) All night sexin', just think, this all came from one question [Chorus - Jermaine Dupri] You got a big ass bell? Lemme see you jingle it baby You got a big ass bell? Lemme see you jingle it baby Wanna talk about cars? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about houses? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about jeweles? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about money? Then talk without it Wanna talk about chicks? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about hits? Lets talk about it Wanna talk about cris? Lets talk about it But when you talk about cash, talk without it [Verse 2 - Jermaine Dupri] (First two lines overlap the last two lines of the chorus) Uh huh, oh Yo, yo Now as the game rotates, and my chrome gets bigger, More and more girls wanna fuck this nigga Its hard for a chick not to stick around When I come through town, layin my dick down They can tell a true playa by the clothes that I wear Game that I spit, and the length of my hair The more I come, the more I cum, get it? What you see now, I been done did it Every girl around, I been done hit it Cars been kited, since I was sixteen And yes, I'm still spendin' that Kris Kross creme Big boy moves, big boy shine, big boy watch tell big boy time (look out) Everybody know I got the recipe, so you know ya'll niggas can't can't with me Matter of fact, I don't even gotta say no more, OH [Chorus - Jermaine Dupri] [Hook - Pharrell Williams (Jermaine Dupri)] Na na, (Oh) na na na na na na (Come on girl) Na na na na na na (Oh) Na na na na na na na (Come on girl) Na na na na na na (oh) Na na na na na na (Come on girl) Na na na na na na (oh, I want you to move your waist for the whistle) Na na na na na na (Come on girl) [Verse 3 - Malice of Clipse] It ain't too many things that exceed my reach Speedboat, glass floor, let you see underneath But nevermind that though, I'm just showing off As I do in the Porshe show with the top lost I ain't change the game hash, you know the name as, Malice in my wrist, like shattered stain glass I generate them Franklin’s and Grant’s Each ear look like a halogen lamp I'm high beamin, at the same time leanin', In the butter soft seat that keep a street thug scheming' 'for we compare paper, get your weight up I need more points than that, don't you play with me, Jacob You see me on my back, you see me live I'm every color of the spectrum, like ROY G. BIV Look dog, get a load of how daddy ball Wanna talk about cash? Well I done said it all [Chorus - Jermaine Dupri] [Hook - Pharrell Williams (Jermaine Dupri)] (w/ minor variation) [Chorus - Jermaine Dupri] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kardinal Offishall f/ Pharrell Album: Belly Dancer 12" Song: Belly Dancer Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Kardinal] Hey!!! [Pharrell] A belly dancer, a snake charmer, a belly dancer, a snake charmer A belly dancer, a snake charmer, a belly dancer... [Kardinal] A yagga yagga yaggo (BO!!!) [Verse 1: Kardinal Offishall] Fire fi bun a pretty gal gwaan cool now (BO!!!) Dat belly ting dat mek a bwoy tun fool you know (BO!!!) Pull up a seat and mek me tek oonu back to school you know (BO!!!) Di way you bubble mek me stiffen up mi tool you know (BO!!!) This middle eastern chick was sittin on a stool you know (BO!!!) Doin the belly dance makin my niggas drool you know (BO!!!) Run like a dappa that's the number one rule you know (BO!!!) She said yeah Kardi I heard about you you know When di gal dem a pull yuh inna corner man a big house wid di pool You know (BO!!!) Till after dat's cool cau di man dem still a ride mule you know (BO!!!) By time she blink then turn around and took another glance (Yagga yagga yo!!!) I was back watchin the belly dancer [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Kardinal Offishall) She's a belly dancer, a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer a belly dancer (BO!!!) A bell dancer, a belly dancer, a belly dancer (Female: La la la la now watch di gal dem a belly dancer) A belly dancer, a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a belly dancer, a belly dancer (A yagga yagga yagga yagga yo!) [Verse 2: Kardinal Offishall] Bust in the dance I was waitin for to freak me (BO!!!) Di way she wine dat waist mek mi eyes sleepy (BO!!!) She a di number one another couldn't cheat me Man dem a dance and pose off why di gal a gwaan freaky (BO!!!) This likkle belly dancer waan come see me (BO!!!) So me and Silver skank over to di sweety (BO!!!) Throw up yuh hands a mi nuh business if yuh pretty (BO!!!) Man dem a dat we lick a shot and mek yuh skin leaky (BO!!!) Hey pretty gal watch how yuh face lookin dreamy And how yuh move yuh body mek my eyes gleamy This is for every girl around the world believe me Dem a rush to shift di clutch a belly dance easy [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Kardinal Offishall) She's a belly dancer, a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a belly dancer, belly dancer (Female: La la la la now watch di gal dem a belly dancer) A belly dancer, a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a belly dancer, belly dancer [Bridge: Pharrell] + (Kardinal Offishall) A belly dancer, a snake charmer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a snake charmer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a snake charmer, a belly dancer... (A yagga yo!!!!) [Verse 3: Kardinal Offishall] If di gal dem a go wine, mek she run a belly dancin time Gal dem a bubble while Kardinal a rhyme Meet me at di dance at di borderline borderline Yo! Waist to waist shape to shape is a ten out a (Ten) If yuh a di toppatop then oonu bring one a yuh (Friend) If yuh tink yuh nuh have it Kardinal have nuff to (Bend) To di end (Listen up!) comprehend come again How yuh move is like money so mek mi gwaan (Spend) Mi have di title a dat a dat mi waan dem (Defend) Ownin the T Dot how me can pretend Belly dance Neptunes come again [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Kardinal Offishall) She's a belly dancer, a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer a belly dancer (BO!!!) A bell dancer, a belly dancer, a belly dancer (Female: La la la la now watch di gal dem a belly dancer) A belly dancer, a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer a belly dancer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a belly dancer, belly dancer [Bridge: Pharrell] + (Kardinal Offishall) A belly dancer, a snake charmer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a snake charmer (BO!!!) A belly dancer, a snake charmer, a belly dancer... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelis f/ Pharrell, Malice Album: Wanderland Song: Daddy Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Kelis] He has an appetite, for sex and cash He hangs on the corner, talking trash Or rollin', in his freak mobile Mercedes Benz, on 20 inch wheels Gets calls all day, on his cellular phone From nasty girls, they won't leave him alone He's got 'em cryin', 'cause they can't see Why he's in love, with a girl like me Innocent, kinda polite The kinda girl, that says her prayers at night He picks me up, everyday from school And all my friends, they just dream and drool And on the way, the music blasts We hit my street, he lets off the gas Just before, my house appears He pulls over, and whispers in my ear [Chorus - Pharrell] Hey little mama let me in your world I just wanna see you be a nasty girl I said love you up and love you down Daddy wanna make love all around town You scream, ahhh Come moan and moan and moan, ahhh Come moan and moan and scream, ahhh Come moan and moan and moan, ahhh Now take it back girl [Verse 2 - Kelis] My mom's met him, my dad refused Yesterday, he brought me some shoes Dolce, and Gabbana And a bag made of Iguana And a blazer, and a chocolate tie Get it blaze, chocolate tie So this kept on, and it kept on Like the beat don't stop, until the break of dawn, c'mon [Bridge - Kelis] I can't help it I just love the boy I just love the boy Wait a minute, oh I can't help it I just love the boy I just love the boy Oh no [Verse 3 - Kelis] I got shining things, like diamond rings And designer chains, man the way I bling Had teachers from school, callin' home Mr. and Mrs. Nice, what the hell's going on I snatched a letter, from your daughters desk From her bad boyfriend, who was talking fresh How he wants to see her, later today Face to face, so he can say [Chorus - Pharrell + Kelis] Hey little mama let me in your world I just wanna see you be a nasty girl I said love you up and love you down Daddy wanna make love all around town You scream, ahhh Come moan and moan and moan, ahhh Come moan and moan and scream, ahhh Come moan and moan and moan, ahhh Now take it back girl [Verse 4 - Malice] But you gotta know that the dough comes first Gotta know if you stray, then no, there are no words Ma look, I can see it in your face, aww look Thought I was a nice guy, huh, nah look You say you'd never leave me love Well, are you sure that its me you love Gotta ask, 'cause I can't tell, if it's me, or the B-12 Hell, its suspect but you'll swallow my pride, now let's ride [Bridge x2 - Kelis] I can't help it I just love the boy I just love the boy Wait a minute, oh I can't help it I just love the boy I just love the boy Oh no [Kelis *Ad-libs* until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelis f/ N.E.R.D., Marc Dorsey Album: Kaleidoscope Song: Ghetto Children Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell] Yo, wake up, wake up, ghetto children Wake up, wake up, ghetto children Wake up, wake up, ghetto children Wake up, wake up, ghetto children Wake up, wake up, Hey, hey [Verse 1 - Marc Dorsey + [Kelis]] You're a ghetto boy, you're my life And there's so much for you to protect and to save And baby boy don't hit your wife Cause your kids may grow up someday to be this way, yeah You don't know what you may be To some boy in society There's a secret to why[There's a secret] You must survive So listen to what we say Cause this type of shit happens every day [Chorus - Kelis + Marc Dorsey] Come for yours cause dreams come true And this is the message that we bring through Say hey now, hey now, now Hey now, hey now No matter what teachers say to you Ghetto children are beautiful Say hey now, hey now, now Hey now, hey now [Verse 2 - Kelis + [Marc]] Baby girl you're my life It's important that you smile And never cry, [Don't never cry] Study math and your sciences Maybe you'll figure why we subtract and not multiply You don't know what you may be To some girl in society There's a secret to why We must survive So listen to what we say Cause this type of shit happens every day [Chorus - Kelis + Marc Dorsey] Come for yours cause dreams come true And this is the message that we bring through Say hey now, hey now, now Hey now, hey now No matter what teachers say to you Ghetto children are beautiful Say hey now, hey now, now Hey now, hey now [Verse 3 - N.E.R.D.] Crack town, ghetto in the city Buildings are abandoned but the girls are still pretty A child looks in the mirror, yeah to see my life clearer All I see is ghetto keys, to this jet black coke gram Nine eleven course, of course 911 don't mean help The only ones that need help, is them sons without wealth It's apparent that this nation, they don't know what they facing Young natural born killers, and these street corner masons You want that type of money, that you see in the mob cliques With your stashes in the drawers, yes with the lumps under my carpet Listen to your heart, why should I listen to you I was here from the start, but you don't bring no money through Look I only feel capes, and to get it I kill Jakes By the time I'm 20 wanna be the ghetto Bill Gates You a wannabe an angel, that was in my brain too Now the only Star Spangle's coming out my Kangol Now that I'm out it's like the whole world flames you Although the ghetto's nothing like the conclusion I came to Your friends see you playing both sides, now they don't claim you Ghetto children change the world, don't let the world change you Come on, word [Chorus x2 - Kelis + Marc Dorsey] Come for yours cause dreams come true And this is the message that we bring through Say hey now, hey now, now Hey now, hey now No matter what teachers say to you Ghetto children are beautiful Say hey now, hey now, now Hey now, hey now [Outro - Pharrell] Little children wanna seem part of The whole world wants to be apart of A little ghetto things, a little ghetto things Ay yo, ay yo Little children wanna seem part of The whole world wants to be apart of My little ghetto kings, my little ghetto queens The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelis f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Urban Renewal (Compilation) Song: I Don't Care Anymore Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Well you can everyone I'm a down disgrace Or drag my name all over the place I don't care anymore, I don't care You can tell everybody bout the state I'm in And you won't catch me crying cos I just can't win I don't care anymore, I don't care, I don't care anymore I don't care what you say, I don't care what you say I don't play the same games you play Cos I've been talking to the people that you call your friends And it seems to me there's means to an end They don't care anymore, they don't care And as for me I can sit here and bide my time I've got my favorite music, I speak my mind I don't care anymore, I will always be alright I don't care no more, I don't care I don't care what you say, I don't care what you say We never played by the same rules anyway, yeah I won't be there anymore, get out of my way Let me by, let me by, I got better things to do with my time I don't care anymore, I don't care, oh, I don't care anymore I don't care, I don't care, I don't care anymore Well I don't care now what you say I don't care what you say Cos everyday (everyday), I'm feeling fine with my self I'm feeling fine with myself (I feel fine by myself) And I don't care what you say (I don't care what you say) I don't care what you say, hey I'll do alright by myself (I'll be alright by myself, yeah) I don't care (I don't care), Anymore (anymore) I don't care (I don't care), Anymore (anymore) I don't care (I don't care), Anymore (anymore) I don't care, Anymore Do you care (hell no), do you care (hell no) Do you care (hell no), what what Do you care (hell no), do you care (hell no) Do you care (hell no), what what Do you care (hell no), do you care (hell no) Do you care (hell no), what what Do you care (hell no), do you care (hell no) Do you care (hell no), what what Cos I remember all the times I tried so hard And you laughed in my face cos you held all the cards I don't care anymore, I don't care And I really ain't bothered what you think of me Cos all I want of you is just let me be I don't care anymore Did you hear I don't care anymore, did you hear I don't care, I don't care, what you say, what you say I never did believe you much anyway We won't be there anymore, we won't be there so get out of our way, get out of my way Let us by, we've got better things to do with our time We don't care anymore, we don't care anymore We don't care anymore, we don't care anymore We don't care, we don't care We don't care anymore, we don't care The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelis f/ Pharrell, Pusha T Album: Milkshake (Remix) 12" Song: Milkshake (Remix) Typed by: QuriousGeorge7@aol.com [Kelis] First you make sure you've got two cups Just in case, hmm, he shows up Make sure they're ice cream filled But you cant forget about the milk [Pharrell - Verse 1] Yeah nigga, see me in the air nigga Learjet then I'm there nigga A 'G' somethin and I'm coastin Hit a bird out the sky see him closin to the ocean Yeah nigga, I wear Billion Eight, not Air nigga It's like five hundred for a pair nigga Whatchu fallin out your chair nigga? Dont stare nigga Yeah nigga, niggaz' act so phony See me rockin my roley, you wanna call the police I skateboard nigga, you dont know me, ho please Ima show you more beats, more fees, more keys, more vis BBC, wait a minute, more cheese More Pouncey's flyin overseas I told you I'm in the air nigga, hmm, yeah nigga You see what's in my ear nigga? Quarter million for the pair nigga Dont ask about this here nigga Cuz a ring's somethin you dont wanna hear nigga See you scared niggaz, whatchu dare nigga? I pay Liberace fair nigga, so yellow so rare nigga So there nigga, hmm, yeah nigga [Kelis - Chorus x2] My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard And there like "It's better than yours" Damn rite, it's better than yours I could teach you, but I have to charge [Kelis] Everybody wanna know about who I touch My reputation and who I fuck Some of yall think I squeezed by with luck But that aint stop, that's from buyin that new Porshe truck Yeah, I said Nas, yall sick of SARS Got the big house, cars, and garage Im kinda into Cosabella bras Im kinda into Vicky's secret draws Yeah, Vicky's secret if you can keep it  If you dont leak it, maybe you can eat it Fendi bags, Prada lenses, LV Trunk, boo I'm expensive My girls know who I be (True) my girls like VIP (True) And they like Hpno-I-C (Que) And they aint tryin to show you ID (True) Lookin like a queen from Karnival  Niggaz try to talk to me on the low I aint really catchin cuz I'm on slow And tryin not to scratch my Mano-lo Blahnik, used to smoke chronic Now show me blunts, I might just vomit All you little niggaz, thanks for the comments Cuz now it's fifity G's for Kelis to be on it La-la la la la My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard La-la la la la Hey-hey hey hey hey La-la la la la Damn rite it's better than yours This is the remix [Pusha T - Verse 3] Hmm, flows on top of flows Two hundred karats in my B-Boy pose Cool Whip, the ice cream rake em in O's My milkshake sell much better than yours Keep my bitch in that juicy ga-tor Sweats over the Louis's and they draggin the floor Lemme tell how to mack a whore Show that bitch lacroy then take her back to poor, hmm Yeah, I'm big wheelin, seen that B, with the mesh grillin? How it stretch from the seat to the ceilin? Black on black playin a villan, lap full of stainless steel-in Hmm, yeah, imagine the feelin, drop Lord Willin' sold a million The first woulda been GT from dope dealin, top billin Audio too, heard ya flows now it's time for school, check it Hmm, dont let my Rollsy change thru ya  Nothin bout Pusha tool up, it's just Jacob's my jeweler Like to keep me cooler, keep heat in Philly like Slick Rick the Ruler Young rappers act like yall know, 0-4 is mine with the rhyme fa sho Quarter million sellin out the door Kelis two million stand on that so-pho-more, Clipse! [Chorus x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kendrick Lamar f/ Pharrell Album: Good Kid: M.A.A.D City Song: good kid Typed by: OHHLA [Chorus: Pharrell] Mass hallucination baby Ill education baby Want to reconnect with your relations This is your station baby [Kendrick Lamar] Look inside these walls and you see them having withdrawals Of a prisoner on his way Trapped inside your desire To fire bullets that stray Track a tire just tell you I'm tired and ran away I should ask a choir what do you require To sing a song that acquire me to have faith As the record spin I should pray For the record I recognize that I'm easily prey I got ate alive yesterday I got animosity building It's probably big as a building Me jumping off of the roof Is just me playing it safe But what am I supposed to do When the topic is red or blue And you understand that I ain't But know I'm accustomed to Just a couple that look for trouble And live in the street with rank No better picture to paint than me walking from bible study And called his homies because he had said he noticed my face From a function that tooken place They was wondering if I bang Step on my neck and get blood on your Nike checks I don't mind because one day you respect The good kid, m.A.A.d. city [Kendrick Lamar] All I see is strobe lights Blinding me in my hindsight Finding me by myself Promise me you can help In all honesty I got time to be copacetic And finally made decision to hold me against my will It was like a head on collision that folded me standing still I can never pick out the difference ? or cop on the bill Every time you clock in the morning I feel you just want to kill All my innocence while ignoring my purpose To persevere as a better person I know you heard this and probably in fear But what am I supposed to do With the blinking of red and blue Flash from the top of your roof And your dog has to say proof And you ask "lift up your shirt" Cause you wonder if a tattoo Of affiliation can make it a pleasure to put me through Gang files, but that don't matter because the matter is racial profile I heard them chatter: "He's probably young but I know that he's down" Step on his neck as hard as your bullet proof vest He don't mind, he know we never respect The good kid, m.A.A.d. city [Kendrick Lamar] All I see in this room 20 Xanies and these 'shrooms Grown-up candy for pain Can we live in the same society It's entirely stressful upon my brain You hired me as a victim I quietly hope for change When violence is the rhythm Inspired me to obtain The silence in this room With 20 Xanies and 'shrooms Some grown-up candy I lost it I feel it's nothing to lose The streets sure to release the worst side of my best Don't mind, cause now you ever in debt To good kid, m.A.A.d. city The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon & the Eastside Boyz f/ Pharrell Williams, Ying Yang Twins Album: Crunk Juice Song: Stick That Thang Out (Skeezer) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Ying Yang Twins in background w/ ad-libs] [Intro - Pharrell Williams] Turn me up, turn me up, turn me up! turn me up! Yo! turn me up, turn me up! up some more! Up - up some more! Up - up some more! Yeah, up up some more! [Verse - Pharrell Williams] I walk in the club so dashin, in the latest BBC fashion The light from the strip club flashing Keep the sparkle in my ear rings dancing We're hundred G makers till they cremate us Skateboard P in the lime green gators White chinchilla, million dollar neck glitter Yeah I got security, see that gorilla When you got money, it's hard to hide it Took my hand out my pocket and watched her eyes get Big, took a million to supersize it All the bitches saying 'Heyyy' like my name was Issac Why you put me on blast like that? Shit why you shaking wit an ass like that? Besides I wasn't really trying to smash like that I got a girl - bitch I ain't fast like that This Miami, time's wasting, bet that bass line keep you shaking Look, end of the night all my niggas is waiting Uh uh, not me ma, told ya I'm taken [Chorus - Pharrell Williams & (Lil Jon)] (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Yeah - uh! uh! some more (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Hold it!! Yeah - uh! uh! some more [Verse - Lil Jon & The Eastside Boyz] I said ain't nothing but tutti fruity Get on the floor if ya got that booty Shake what ya momma gave ya, shake what ya momma gave ya I said ain't nothing but tutti fruity Get on the floor if ya got that booty Shake what ya momma gave ya, shake what ya momma gave ya Dance, too much booty in your pants Dance, too much booty in your pants I said dance, too much booty in your pants Dance, too much booty in your pants Well shake that ass bitch and let me see what ya got Well shake that ass bitch and let me see what ya got Hey! hey! hey! I said shake it, don't break it It took ya momma 9 months to make it I say shake it, dont' break it It took ya momma 9 months to make it Well scrub the ground, scrub the ground, scrub the ground [Pharrell] Hold it! (okay) [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] Hey! She really likes to party She really likes to dance She really likes to dance, dance, dance.. [Verse - D-Roc] I like a fine ass bitch, a down ass bitch A money getting bitch, I love that shit Cause she danced in the club, and yes she gon call If you got a little money she taking her clothes off She dance like a muhfucking dance machine Taking her ass to the beat for me Nigga ain't spending more money than a lil bit But I really love that shit, I love that shit! [Verse - Kaine] Yeah! thick bitch wit a drive to fuck Get her off in the truck and she bound to suck The ho love to bump, she don't like knee pads She scrub em up, her legs that is Fat puddy cat wit a head that's trill The type of bitch have a nigga not paying bills Fo reeeaaalll.. by our God damn selves Fuck thirty niggas and she don't need help [Chorus - Pharrell Williams & (Lil Jon)] (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Yeah - uh! uh! some more (Stick that thang out!) Some more Uh! uh! some more, skeezer! (Stick that thang out!) Some more Hold it!! Yeah - uh! uh! some more [Bridge] [Outro - Lil Jon] Dance! DANCE!! OHHH!!! I like the way you dance girl Just bring that shit over and dance on a nigga like me Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Shaking that thang girl, popping that thang girl Keep shaking that thang girl! keep popping that thang girl Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! Keep shaking that thang girl! Keep popping that thang girl! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Pharrell Album: Yes 12" Song: Yes Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pharrell] You can catch me ridin down on the fuckin Verrazano Ass out just like Diallo Diablo Hi Ho Silver call that motherfucker Tonto Leave a smoke trail back in Jersey in my condo You can run up like you’re Ra-mbo butchu better hit me nigga if you know what I know 'cause I got some +Supersize+ guys that’ll hit you with a +combo+ - pronto You won’t see the +Mourning+ like Alonzo [Lil Wayne] Camo shorts, no socks with the red BAPE's walk in to my closet, fuck around and get a headache Fuck you so good, shawty you gon' need a bed break Red Viper slither through the street like a red snake Red diamonds in my chain, lookin like a red snake Fuck-a wit me wrong man, you gon need some yellow tape All dem awards, Wayne do you need a metal case? ("Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" "Yes!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Limp Bizkit f/ Method Man, Pharrell Williams (N.E.R.D.) Album: New Old Songs Song: N 2 Gether Now - All in Together Now (The Neptunes Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, Bjammin20@aol.com [Lady talking] Ladies and gentlemen, here comes the stone rockers I mean some real playas But tonight, they gon' do it all in together [Fred Durst talking] Uh, check on, uh Limp Bizkit [Fred Durst (Method Man)] Uh Who could be the boss Look up to the cross Stranded in the land of the lost Standin up I'm sideways I'm blazin' up the path Runnin' on the highways of rap Choked up by the smoke and the charcoal Lava stamps then brands me like a bar code I'm bashin' all the media strikes To keep the media dykes As reinforcements for the fight And that alone'll keep John Gotti on the phone I'm tangled in the zone I got the bees on the track Where the fuck you at (Tical!) Let me hear you pigeons run ya mouth now (Shut the fuck up) I'm pluggin' in them social skills That keep my total bills over a million The last time I checked it Thank God I'm blessed with a mind that'll wreck it Wait until the second round and knock em' out [Method Man] They call me Big John Stud My middle name Mud Dirty water flow Too much for you thug And can't stand the flood What up Doc, hold big gun like Elmer Fudd the sureshot Mr. Meth I'm unplugged (Unplugged) Temperatures too hot for sunblock (Burn) Playin' with minds That get you state time Locked behind 12 bars from a great mine Killa bees in the club with his ladybug Brought a sword to the dance floor to cut a rug Love is love all day Till they throw slugs And take another life in cold blood Can't feel me till its your blood Murder rates tremendous Crime is endless Same shit different day Father forgive us They know not what they do All praise is due I'm big like Easy And Big Bamboo [Hook: Pharrell William (Method Man & Fred Durst) x2] Whats that, I didn't hear you (Shut the fuck up) Come on, a little louder (Shut the fuck up) Everybody in together now (Shut the fuck up) What huh (Shut the fuck up) Oh (Shut the fuck up) [Method Man] Headstrong, dead calm, get it right on Dead weight to dead wrong, let's get it on Twelve rounds I throw down, who hold crown Protect land with 4 pound, Limp Bizkit Get around like merry-go, bust a scenario Comin' through your stereo, why risk it Lifestyles of the prolific and gifted 8 essential vitamins and minerals delicious Word on the street is, they bit my thesis Knocked out they front teefers, tryin to taste mine Actin like they heard it through the grapevine Dope fiendin for the bassline 2 for 5 rhyme Pharmaceuticals, hard as nails to the cuticles Where you find that monster she beautiful Wu-Tang and Limp Bizkit roll on the set Kick a hole in the speaker pull the plug and inject [Fred Durst] Mic check So what's it all about (Bout) And where we gonna run (Run) Maybe we can meet up on the sun Discretion is advised For the blood of virgin eyes We limpin' on the track with the Method So get the sunblock (Sunblock) You gettin' one shot (Ha) Until you dissolve I revolve Around everything you got From outta nowhere Prepare You be blinded by the glare I told you not to stare Now you're turned into stone Without a microphone But don't you forget you're in a zone (So shut the fuck up) And take that shit back Cause all your shits wack (Doo doo is doo doo) When its weighed out like that Burnin' up your brain like a piston So all those that didn't listen Now they even knew what they were missin' And never even knew that the sky was fallin' down Wu-Tang Clan for the crown [Hook x4] [Method Man to fade] It was over your head All day and every day S.I., N.Y. 10304 Wu-Tang Killa Bees And the Limp B-I-Z-K-I-T Y'all know the time Y'all know the rhyme It ain't easy bein' greasy in a world full of cleanliness And, you know, all that other madness We gone, peace Limp Bizkit Method Man Rock the house y'all Bring it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ Kelis, P. Diddy Album: Loon Song: How You Want That Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Pharrell Williams] Hah hah hah hahh - hah Hah hah hah hahh - hah [Intro: P. Diddy] Yeah, Bad Boy baby! Loon! {*Loon humming*} It's your turn now kid Show em what you got [Verse: Loon] I be that young handsome cat Same color chocolate Same nigga pop shit, same nigga got shit Loon ain't no lame, Loon never gossip Nigga Loon in the game cause Loon got some hot shit Sick of you cats screaming out block shit I done sold numerous drugs and drew the block sick Look at me now, pull up in the drop six Bitch in your block looked at my watch and she got sick Look at her now, all up in the cock pit Rolling my windows up to get a kid top quick Loon is a pimp, trick ain't the topic? Nigga you do the shrimp, trip to the tropics That's not my steez, not like me It's not the way I wanna blow my cheese, like I blow my trees The whole world know I need, a girl that'll curl my toes for me [Chorus: Kelis] (2x) How you want that? Tell me how you want that How you want that? Tell me how you want that Daddy how you want to give it to me A Bad Boy is what I need [Verse: Loon] Less confusion, party with Puff last conclusion Grab shorty there wit the hair, ass is huge and Lips is juicy, way she move her hips so loosely Critical curves see it through furs Curious so I want to see if it's hers Delirious so I had to see if it's her (it wasn't me) I ain't touch you that's on me and my words You ain't gotta flip the script, kick me to the curb Cause I was, just checking you wasn't disrespecting you Lips so sexual while your friend's protecting you Baby girl I know you're far from a slut I know the difference between a car and a truck I'm not a dumb nigga You had these young niggas scarring you up You know the difference between a scar and a cut You're not a dumb nigga So let's take it from the car to the club And hit the bar and get a bottle of bub, and have fun nigga [Verse: Loon] Baby all bubble, have a lil chat a small huddle Time to make money and more trouble And we all hungry and all hustle And we all humble, but together we got more muscle And we got dough, nigga me and P we hot yo Make a hip hop show look like a rock show Ooh Jesus Christ! look the way that the rocks glow Want the world to see so we keeping them tops low Rascal, keep it on my lap for Broscoe One shot your blood drip thicker than Basco Drop though, keep the illest cat wit the hot flow Watch your pro turn grown men to a snot nose I pity a fool, never touch titties in schools Son you can't hang wit Diddy and Loon We allstars, nigga playing bet he was cool Got more broads than you and any nigga in your crew, Bad Boy [P. Diddy] (Kelis in background) Yeah! Bad Boy baby The Legacy continues! We won't stop, yeah, and another one And another one, let's go [Chorus - to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lord Tariq & Peter Gunz Album: Heavy Hits Vol. 1 Song: What's That Sound Typed by: can_i_bus3@hotmail.com [Peter Gunz]  B-X  [Pharrell Williams]  Oh you gangster now  [Peter Gunz]  Brooklyn  [Pharrell Williams]  Word!  [Peter Gunz]  Harlem  [Pharrell Williams]  You aint gangster nigga  [Peter Gunz]  QB  [Pharrell Williams]  We seen you in the hood  [Peter Gunz]  Staten Isl.  [Pharrell Williams]  But I'm Now  [Peter Gunz]  Jersey, Philly  [Pharrell Williams]  All the mother fuckers in the hood that's really ghetto and gangster  [Peter Gunz]  L-T, P-G  [Pharrell Williams]  Bring it from the top  [Peter Gunz]  If you mad and you hatin' mother fucker please kill it  You know Neptunes is hot like skillets  Your ego's scared then nigga please go heal it  That tight ass fitted cap the dogs will peel it  Long as the Bronx still got me and New York still feel it  For the jump off, jump off niggas best to kill 'em  Ay yo Gunz you change let's make it rain you conceited  Naw still got a 9 girl and Peter still eatin'  I'm just another nigga from the hood in the car  Six double zero bikes double the R  See them dogs draped in red cover the bar  See them cowards be in the club trouble we are  I smokes no drugs just Henney no chase  Foot on the throttle with models giving me face  Like Oochie Wally Wally she gave me lolly lolly  Now you wanna polly polly holla if you hear me y'all  [Chorus: Pharrell Williams & (Lord Tariq]  Uptown what is that sound (let 'em know)  Harlem what is that sound (I wanna know)  Brooklyn what is that sound (I gots to know)  Queensbridge what is that sound (I wanna know)  Jersey what is that sound (tell me somethin' man)  Philly what is that sound (please tell me somethin' man)  D.C. what is that sound (come on I wanna know)  VA what is that sound (I gots to know)  [Lord Tariq]  Yo, if you mad and you hatin' muh fucker please kill it  Tariq and P. G. 'bout to drop gots to feel it  Dogs on call blood 'bout to spill it  Sound view nigga, BX the realest  Spent the illest hours on the block moving powder  And back up in this rap game crack game sour  And my path is crocked I suggest you don't follow it  Pockets quite rollick and bullets quite hollow  And ladies they really love a nigga's pipe game  Givin' 'em slight pain for brain you might gain  Above the weather no hail, sleet, rain  I love the cheddar it aint nothing better man  About 8 karats imbedded in the chain  And another 8 invisible set in the ring  Money aint a thing buy a plane then we fillin' 'em  Ride in 2 Suburbans and a Hirsch cause we killin' 'em  [Chorus: Pharrell Williams & (Lord Tariq]  Ty Water what's that sound (I wanna know)  Richmond what's that sound (I need to know)  Baltimore what's that sound (I got's to know man)  Chi-Town what's that sound (come on tell me somethin' man)  Detroit what is that sound (I wanna know man)  Houston what is that sound (I need to know man)  Little Rock what's that sound (I got's to know man)  L.A. what is that sound (I need to know man)  [Pharrell Williams]  Oh you gangster now  Word!  You aint gangster nigga  [Peter Gunz & (Lord Tariq)]  Its been a minute since we spitted 'em  (Dogs we be killin' 'em)  Niggas they be hatin' 'em  (Broads they be feelin' 'em)  Actin' like we reachin' man  (Ay yo Gunz let me get at them)  Look at how he buckle (when them things get to hittin 'em)  Just another nigga with his face in the sand  (I pull them things out and blam!) him and his man  (I guarantee my guns wont jam) he should a ran  (I'm crazy with a thing in my hand) you understand  (Ay yo Gunz we aint havin' that) Lord I be grabbin' that  (I run up in his crib tap the safe where he stash it at)  Give me half of that I slap 20's on the Cadillac  (Laughin' at chickens I'm only trickin' if I'm tappin' that)  Ay yo I'm hittin' Hon's (sippin Henney)  Got money (gettin' plenty what you thinkin')  We brings (drama to whoever we can) squeeze things  (From the street to the stage nigga) we sing  (Bring the chorus in)  [Chorus: Pharrell Williams & (Lord Tariq)]  Come On!  Sound view what is that sound (come on man)  Watson what is that sound (come on man)  Clay Ave. what is that sound (tell me somethin' man)  L.E.S. what is that sound (I need to know man)  Westville what is that sound (I wanna know) come on!  Broadway what is that sound (I need to know)  Memphis what is that sound (I gots to know)  Uptown what is that sound (tell me somethin' man)  Harlem what is that sound (I wanna know)  Brooklyn what is that sound (I need to know)  Queensbridge what is that sound (I gots to know man)  Jersey what is that sound (I need to know man)  Philly what is that sound (please tell me somethin' man)  D.C. what is that sound (come on man)  Ty Water what's that sound (come on man)  Richmond what is that sound (tell me somethin' man)  Baltimore what is that sound (ah ha ah ha)  Chi-Town what is that sound (I need to know) come on!  Detroit what is that sound (I need to know) come on!  Houston what is that sound (I gots to know) come on!  Little Rock what is that sound (ah ha ah ha)  L.A. what is that sound come on!  St. Louis what is that sound (come on)  O-Town what is that sound (tell me somethin' man)  N.O. what is that sound (tell me somethin' man)  Georgia what is that sound (I need to know man) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Pharrell Album: Release Therapy Song: Money Maker Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Ludacris) Shake your money maker, like somebody 'bout to pay ya I see you on my radar, don't you act like you afraid-a sheeeeit (You know I got it if you wanna come get it) (Stand next to this money like AY! AY! AY!) Shake your money maker, like somebody 'bout to pay ya Don't worry about them haters, keep your nose up in the air (You know I got it if you wanna come get it) (Stand next to this money like AY! AY! AY!) [Ludacris] Shake, shake, shake your money maker Like, you were shakin it for some paper Took, your momma nine months to make ya Might as, well shake what your momma gave ya You, you lookin good in them jeans I bet you'd, look even better with me in between I keep my mind on my money, money on my mind But youse a hell of a distraction when you shake your behind I got J.O. up on my right side, po'n some cups My whole hood is to my left and they ain't givin a fuck! So feel free to get loose, and get carried away So by tomorrow you forgot what you were sayin today But don't forget about this feelin that I'm makin you get And all the calories you burn, from me makin you sweat The "mile high points" you earn when we takin my jet And how everywhere you turn I'll be makin you wet Cause you can [Ludacris] Switch, switch, switch it from right to left and Switch it, 'til you runnin right out of breath and Take a, break until you ready again and You can, invite over as many friends as you WANT to, but I really WANT you Just be thankful that Pharrell gave you somethin to BUMP to, HEY Luda! I'm at the top of my game You want my hands from the bottom to the top of yo' frame And I, just wanna take a little ride on your curves And get erotic givin your body just what it deserves, and Let me give you some swimmin lessons on the PENIS Backstroke, breast stroke, stroke of a GENIUS! Yup!! Call me the renaissance man Get up, and I stay harder than a cinder block maaaan Hey!! I'm just a bedroom gangster And I been meanin to tell ya that I really must thank ya when ya [Pharrell - whispering] Release therapy... rock rock rock rock Release therapy... rock rock rock rock [Ludacris] Rock, rock, rock it and make it work GIRL Please, don't stop until it hurt GIRL You, you been lookin a little tipsy So if you could just shake it a little this way See, I'm a member of the BBC The original breadwinner, of D.T.P. And you the center of attention that's distractin the squad Cause everybody in the camp is like, "OH MY GAWD~!" She could The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: Back for the First Time Song: Southern Hospitality Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ludacris] Uhh.. Cadillac grills, Cadillac mill's Check out the oil my Cadillac spills Matter of fact, candy paint Cadillacs kill So check out the hoes my Cadillac fills Twenty inch - wide, twenty inches high Hoe don't you like my twenty inch - ride Twenty inch thighs make twenty inch - eyes Hoping for American twenty inch - pies Pretty ass - clothes, pretty ass - toes Oh how I love these pretty ass - hoes Pretty ass high class anything - goes Catch 'em in the club throwin pretty ass 'bows Long-john drawers, long-john stalls Any stank puss' make my long john - pause Women on they cell makin long john calls And if they like to juggle, get long john's - balls [Chorus: Ludacris] + (Pharrell) All my players in the house that can buy the bar And the ballin-ass niggaz wit the candy cars If you a pimp and you know you don't love them hoes When you get on the flo' (nigga throw dem 'bows) All my women in the house if you chasin cash And you got some big titties wit a matchin ass Witcha fly-ass boots or ya open toes When ya get on the flo' (nigga throw dem 'bows) [Ludacris] Dirty South mind blowin Dirty South bread Catfish fried up, Dirty South fed Sleep in a cot'-pickin Dirty South bed Dirty South guls gimme Dirty South head Hand me down flip-flops, hand me down socks Hand me down drug dealers hand me down rocks Hand me down a 50 pack Swisher Sweets box And goodfella rich niggaz hand me down stocks Mouth full of platinum, mouth full of gold Forty glock cal' keep your mouth on hold Lie through your teeth you could find your mouth - cold and rip out ya tongue cause of what ya mouth - told Sweat for the lemonade, sweat for the tea Sweat from the hot sauce, sweat from the D And you can sweat from a burn in the third degree And if you sweat in your sleep then you sweat from me [Ludacris] Hit by - stars, hit by - cars Drunk off the liquor gettin hit by - bars Keep yo' gul close cause she's hit by - far Hit by the Neptunes, hit by guitars Afro - picks, afro - chicks I let my "Soul Glow" from my afro - dick Rabbit out the hat pullin afro - tricks Afro-American afro - thick Overall country, overall jeans Overall Georgia, we overall clean "Southern Hospitality" or overall mean Overall triple, overall beams Thugged out niggaz wear thugged out - chains Thugged out blocks playin thugged out - games All black tinted up thugged out - Range DTP stay doing thugged out - thangs Chorus 2X .. (nigga throw dem 'bows) .. (nigga throw dem 'bows) .. (nigga throw dem 'bows) .. (nigga throw dem 'bows) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lupe Fiasco f/ Pharrell, Q-Tip, Sarah Green Album: Paris, Tokyo (Remix) 12" Song: Paris, Tokyo (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Lupe Fiasco] Now if you never left Houston get a passport Never left Little Haiti get a passport If you live in South Central get a passport So you can see the world Yeah, and if you rep the five boroughs get a passport Or if you're in the Dirty South get a passport If you're on the Westside get a passport So you can see the world [Pharrell] Now I've been known to levitate like a hobo tryna catch a freight To get away, and clear the day Then I'll be smilin at the stars like the hood does cars Little ghetto mind you should travel like a bullet from your favorite gun's barrel or the indian's arrow Mathematically aligned like the pyramids of pharoahs Don't let 'em bring demise like you and your boys are cattle Fly to Paris, and end up in Tokyo Let's start a coalition so even the broker go To all those that never sold coke before And with no ambitions to rock a roll Let my, people, go To broaden their horizons Sharpen all they minds in Sharper than the prong or the Neptune's trident I'm just ramblin - I ride my bike in the clouds Mr. Spielberg, hire me at Amblin (To the nigga Pimp C) God bless your life (And the creators of the Serum) I hope you're restin right Because you're scootin out in lives, kids and wives In my mind I'm goin "woo-hoo" just like The Hives But in my mind, compromise my design Like a missin puzzle piece, make completion hard to find Hours resuscitated by Capri Sun juice packs Woke up singin N.E.R.D. songs and you can YouTube that Now stay away from people that pursuit they lack And remember your starter kit was this Lupe track Now one love (one love) one love (one love) Hey love, see you in Tokyo [Q-Tip] My new passport has been issued so I'm ready Trekkin the Sahara or grazin the Serengeti I am there if there's speakers in the place I will see a foreign face My magic carpet shuttles me through the human race But, no matter what's on her mood to foreign district My postcards so you I missed it It bein us, how we would discuss findin treasures Deep in choral reefs, Tigerbillies Islands of pleasure Holdin you my pretty 'til I get home to our city In this chitty-chitty bang-bang brutal to our bus So I, take it in, the wonderments of the world Samplin each cuisine, a dinner without a girl Presents for my people like these silly t-shirts While Rebecca's at the sound check hooked to Mic Works I remember days when the dollar was strong Hopefully it gets better, I won't be gone long - backpack [Chorus: Lupe Fiasco] Let's go to sleep in Paris, wake up in Tokyo Have a dream in New Orleans, fall in love in Chicago Mayne, then we can land in the motherland Camel back across the desert sands Then take a train, to Rome, or home Brazil, for real Wherever I go she goes [Sarah Green] Yeah, I'd done seen Paris, and woke up in Tokyo But I'ma always be Sarah Green from the Southside of Chicago Just because you on section 8 and he left  it don't mean a thing (girl I can't go nowhere) Just come and take a flight with me Baby girl it's a world to see! (girl go on wit all that) I never thought the Seven Wonders of the World  would be so wonderful (for real?) You got your ghetto pass, now go and get your passport  and make your swagger international (I'll think about it) If you can, catch a flight, you can go, in your mind Your destiny, YOU DECIDE! Wherever I go, we go [Lupe Fiasco] Oversees, even over here I over seer like I'm tryna stop these slaves from gettin freer From the truth I never veer see, so, faithfully I steer As I ride through yo' city like Revere, Revere Now everybody gon' and put yo' hands in the air All you haters with yo' hands in yo' ears - it's okay Cause later, it will sneak up on you like it's Metal Gear Put you in a chokehold and then unconsciously you'll cheer Remain upper tier, ain't no cryin down here Only shed is in the back, yard with the tools in it My hood's in disrepair with no schools in it All the food ain't got no fuel in it So crude, that's why I'm duelin it Some dude's thinkin what Rasulullah do in it Not what they did then, but now what do you do with it? I know you sick of all the rat-tat-tat-tat Well this the soothin sounds from the backpack rat pack Seein Sarah Green from the FNF crew Two from the Child Rebel and the Q When I be home I resist it like it's Ohms I was there, now I'm gone; Shalom! Yeah, and if you rep the Midwest get a passport If you from Detroit get a passport If you from Chi-Town get a passport So you can see the world Get that little black girl, a passport Get that little black boy, a passport If you ain't got one, get yourself a passport So you can see the world, yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac Miller & Pharrell Album: Pink Slime EP Song: Glow Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Pharrell] You see that glow that high gloss That high gloss, that high gloss You see that glow, that high gloss That high gloss, that high gloss Here we go… [Mac Miller - Verse 1] I fuck around with them playmates Twenty thousand my day rate Eating seven course meals now People say that I gained weight All you rappers you ain't safe More money same face Been the shit still the shit Just double up, exchange rate Guess who just grown up now You can all sit the fuck down Had to speak to P, said I need the beat To show these clowns I don't fuck around Asking me about money, wonder what's my net worth People try to come sue me, but I call up J.G. Wentworth Yeah I glow, they don't I suppose let ‘em go Spend 10 racks on my coat Fuck a whip just bought me a boat My flow is gross Be bread, get it I was toast Without one, you reaching You ain't close, get it, no Oh you ain't now (oh you ain't now) Since I was born (since I was born) My mind was gone (my mind was gone) Know I was poor Don't mind any bitch I just go (I just go) And my wrist was cold (wrist was cold) My world was snow (my world was snow) What I need light fo' Girl I'm white as a bitch, I just glow I'm so special (I'm so special) I'm so special (I'm so special) I'm so special (I'm so special) Girl I'm white as a bitch I just glow I'm so special (I'm so special) I'm so special (I'm so special) I'm so special (I'm so special) Girl I'm white as a bitch I just glow [Mac Miller - Verse 2] I rap a lot, rap a lot, don't be afraid it's just after shock Yeah jam like when Shaq grab the rock I'm going in like a Magic shot Don't rap sweet like apricots Shut the fuck up you don't have to talk I'ma lay back with my ass on top Got the game on match a lot muthafucker You don't see cash a lot, bitch stop acting like you bad you not I put my dick in her ass and twat and she look back like thats the spot Call me, I'm counting money, play around with money Y'all ain't shit without ya money Life ain't all about the money Well it kinda is if you out of money Mac Millions that's the name Most dope that's the game Drunk bitch so glad you came Saw her taking off her clothes tryin have the train Hoes love us, tryna fuck us with no rubbers Fuck that, we fuck each other, on tour we make her fuck the runner Muthafucker just shit you need You ain't fuck around my team Cause you living all of your dreams Here to kill your self esteem And my flow is pyro Smoke blunts 'til my eyes close Middle finger up high though End this song on a high note I'm just eating that pink slime Bitch that pink slime Muthafuckerrrrrrr...!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac Miller & Pharrell Album: Pink Slime EP Song: Onaroll Typed by: AZ Lyrics Yeah, I be eatin' that Pink Slime Ha ha here we go [Verse 1] Got my chick makin' drinks with that cream, while I'm takin' sips of that lean Life ain't a bitch if you make a wish, you might break a record like me Got a mill at age nineteen, but I may just give that back To show my friends I could do it again if I started all from scratch All I do is rap, you can run and tell them hoes that Pipe like a plumber it's nice with no rubber, she like when I fuck her like that This rap's what I do, but I been fly, been fly You're now inside of my sick mind, that Pink Slime, that Pink Slime She get good grades, suck a dick, what more could you ask for? Big ol' butt, love to fuck, what more could you ask for? Fuck with drugs, fall in love, what more could ask for? What more could you ask, w-what more could you ask? [Verse 2] Go a hundred miles an hour, ride around the city Smokin' on that sour, couple bad ones with me Used to rock all my brother's clothes Now designer brands, got a bunch of those Got a bunch of diamonds and a bunch of gold Ridin' by the cops, I'm like fuck em' though Hoes turn bent for that Hermes, I'm bustin' nuts on her fur vest My life is like a circus, my head's a little unfurnished She on a roll, she Dean's list, her ass round like Venus My penis, her cleavage, that freaky bitch need Jesus She get good grades, suck a dick, what more could you ask for? Big ol' butt, love to fuck, what more could you ask for? Fuck with drugs, fall in love, what more could ask for? What more could you ask, w-what more could you ask? [Verse 3] I'm switchin' up my flows, sellin' out these shows Pop a bottle of Dom P, then spill it all on my clothes Damn Mac, you're so grown, made a business all on my own These labels callin' my phone, but I made this business all on my own Give me that bass bitch, I'm a bass head, let it break shit til it make a mess I wrote myself another blank check, I'm fuckin it', need a AIDS test Win the Heisman, I'm MVP, Dan Marino, you Sandusky MC Hammer, they can't touch me, Skateboard P, he be on that beat She get good grades, suck a dick, what more could you ask for? Big ol' butt, love to fuck, what more could you ask for? Fuck with drugs, fall in love, what more could ask for? What more could you ask, w-what more could you ask? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Angie Martinez f/ Lord Tariq & Peter Gunz, Pharrell Williams Album: What's That Sound 12" Song: What's That Sound (Remix) Typed by: musicreviews02@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Peter Gunz] B-X [Pharrell Williams] Oh you gangster now [Peter Gunz] Brooklyn [Angie Martinez] Angela [Peter Gunz] Harlem [Pharrell Williams] You aint gangster nigga [Peter Gunz] QB [Angie Martinez] Animal House [Peter Gunz] Staten Isl. [Pharrell Williams] Remix, 2002 Baby [Peter Gunz] Jersey, Philly [Pharrell Williams] All the mother fuckers in the hood that's really ghetto and gangster [Peter Gunz] Gunz, Tariq, Angie & N.E.R.D. [Pharrell Williams] Bring it from the top [Peter Gunz] If you mad and you hatin' mother fucker please kill it You know Neptunes is hot like skillets Your ego's scared then nigga please go heal it That tight ass fitted cap the dogs will peel it Long as the Bronx still got me and New York still feel it For the jump off, jump off niggas best to kill 'em Ay yo Gunz you change let's make it rain you conceited Naw still got a 9 girl and Peter still eatin' I'm just another nigga from the hood in the car Six double zero bikes double the R See them dogs draped in red cover the bar See them cowards be in the club trouble we are I smokes no drugs just Henney no chase Foot on the throttle with models giving me face Like Oochie Wally Wally she gave me lolly lolly Now you wanna polly polly holla if you hear me y'all [Chorus: Pharrell Williams & (Lord Tariq] Uptown what is that sound (let 'em know) Harlem what is that sound (I wanna know) Brooklyn what is that sound (I gots to know) Queensbridge what is that sound (I wanna know) Jersey what is that sound (tell me somethin' man) Philly what is that sound (Angela) D.C. what is that sound (come on I wanna know) VA what is that sound (I gots to know) [Angie Martinez] Yo, if you mad and you hatin' muh fucker please kill it Puerto Rican diva came thru to rip it, shit Ya'll niggaz need to know i'm not playin' I'm spittin serious bitches need to know what I'm sayin Fuck, it aint a game no more this is realness All the way out to Cali ya'll bloods & crips feel this Dont act like I still ain't runnin' this shit Angela, model/rapper and top radio bitch Reppin' the Boriquas!! Ya'll know Angie keeps it real And I'm still pushin records & not sex appeal ITS ANIMAL HOUSE, we're I sign ya'll to deals And make cash to keep 22's in the wheels I can never be broken, never ever soft spoken Light up the blunt and I just start tokin' Hardest workin bitch in the entire industry FUCK THE HATERS!! Ya'll need to take a look at me I'm 10 years strong, count em 10 years long Can't nobody stop my hunger, people love my songs If I Could Go climbed up to the top And I got a shit load of hits, bitch it dont stop c'mon!! [Chorus: Pharrell Williams & (Angie Martinez)] Ty Water what's that sound (I wanna know) Richmond what's that sound (Angela) Baltimore what's that sound (I got's to know man) Chi-Town what's that sound (come on tell me somethin' man) Detroit what is that sound (Animal House) Houston what is that sound (I need to know man) Little Rock what's that sound (I got's to know man) L.A. what is that sound (I need to know man) [Pharrell Williams] Oh you gangster now Word! You aint gangster nigga [Peter Gunz & (Lord Tariq)] Its been a minute since we spitted 'em (Dogs we be killin' 'em) Niggas they be hatin' 'em (Broads they be feelin' 'em) Actin' like we reachin' man (Ay yo Gunz let me get at them) Look at how he buckle (when them things get to hittin 'em) Just another nigga with his face in the sand (I pull them things out and blam!) him and his man (I guarantee my guns wont jam) he should a ran (I'm crazy with a thing in my hand) you understand (Ay yo Gunz we aint havin' that) Lord I be grabbin' that) (I run up in his crib tap the safe where he stash it at) Give me half of that I slap 20's on the Cadillac (Laughin' at chickens I'm only trickin' if I'm tappin' that) Ay yo I'm hittin' Hon's (sippin Henney) Got money (gettin' plenty what you thinkin') We brings (drama to whoever we can) squeeze things (From the street to the stage nigga) we sing (Bring the chorus in) [Chorus: Pharrell Williams & (Peter Gunz)] Come On! Sound view what is that sound (come on man) Watson what is that sound (come on man) Clay Ave. what is that sound (tell me somethin' man) L.E.S. what is that sound (I need to know man) Westville what is that sound (I wanna know) come on! Broadway what is that sound (I need to know) Memphis what is that sound (I gots to know) Uptown what is that sound (tell me somethin' man) Harlem what is that sound (I wanna know) Brooklyn what is that sound (I need to know) Queensbridge what is that sound (I gots to know man) Jersey what is that sound (I need to know man) Philly what is that sound (please tell me somethin' man) D.C. what is that sound (come on man) Ty Water what's that sound (come on man) Richmond what is that sound (tell me somethin' man) Baltimore what is that sound (ah ha ah ha) Chi-Town what is that sound (I need to know) come on! Detroit what is that sound (I need to know) come on! Houston what is that sound (I gots to know) come on! Little Rock what is that sound (ah ha ah ha) L.A. what is that sound come on! St. Louis what is that sound (come on) O-Town what is that sound (tell me somethin' man) N.O. what is that sound (tell me somethin' man) Georgia what is that sound (I need to know man) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliot f/ Pharrell Album: The Cookbook Song: On & On Typed by: travisw@bellsouth.net * * send corrections to the typist [Pharrell] Beware, you're now listening to the sounds of Mis-demeanor Turn everything up, all the levels All the fuckin levels [Bridge: Missy] Missy be the name and y'all should already know I been around long Scarface so cold Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yo she ya Let me grab the microphone and I'm gone take it away [Verse 1] Every time I spit I blow one or two speakers Top model diva but my name not Eva Yeah I brang fever rockin classic adidas I'm srtaight off the heater rippin needles off the meter Here I go, flip my flow Back it up then I drop it low It's a must cause I'm dangerous I'll be a hassle on the busta call me angeldust I talk shit di, didn't stutter 2005 MC's in trouble You run for cover hide under your covers Cause you gone need more protection than a magnum rubber [Chorus 4X: Pharrell] Ah, ah, on Ah, ah, on Ah, ah-ah, ah-ah Ah, ah, on and it's [Verse 2] Missy finna spit this simply raw Misdemeanor always make MC's feel small Stick you on the table with a plastic cup Say grace, then eat ya ass up Y'all just rookies, virgins, and nookies Not my competition you skip or play hookie Aint nobody here that can tear the track up And naw I ain't done rappin so shut the hell up Keep it simple every time I flow If you step to me I shall throw blows Raise up like I's break nose I ain't about talkin I'll lay 'em down slow And for show y'all know Misdemeanor got 'em by the neck low Ice cold heart like zero below If you wanna battle me then playa say so [Verse 3] Let me tell you what I'm all about About spitting hot rymes on out Yeah Pharrell did the beat oh yes And the way he put it down he make it sound so (fresh) I be the best don't second guess When it comes to other rappers bout it boy get flexed When I say I'm tight as wife beaters Missy bout to teach you how to follow the leader Hit the club in a blue two seater Lookin like I'm finna cock a nine millimeter Get out with my highhill cuffs Twisting my ass cause I know what guys want Licking my lips like I'm takin him home Teasing and teasing I'm fakin the funk Shaking my titties like I wanna bone Bend over slow then I tell him I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Tarantula Song: Bouncin' Back (Bumping Me Against The Wall) Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [Hook 2X: Mystikal] + (Pharrell) You keep bumping me against the wall Yeah I know I let you slide before But until you seen me... trust me (You ain't seen bouncin' back) [Verse 1] I really be throwin' my words Standing 'em up, and jammin' on the one That ain't nobody but Neptunes bammin' on the drum Swift flip kicks landing from the tongue More dramatic than batman and robin, ba na na na na na The one that be handling they business, be sharper than a thumb tack The one that be dropping these albums, showing 'em how to come back And you gon' respect me and appreciate where I run at You ain't gone piss me off, cause you sorry that you done that I gets meaner, badder, stronger and ferocious You don't even much wanna see the rest I'm coming back mo' fearless, mo' determined to fold the set I ain't even started yet So if you ain't ready you better get ready I know I do it better when I'm being opposed Ah stick ya chest out, keep your chin up 'Cause sometimes you gotta get knocked down to get up [Hook] [Verse 2] No matter what happened that's only once it's shame on you You come up and here and do it again then it's shame on me Sometimes we be getting in trouble we didn't want learn or Sometimes we be getting in trouble we ain't gon' see I accept my wages like the way that I fail I grow, I take 'em in stride and but 'em under my belt I learned from you just like you learned from me I plead, I pray for peace and perfect harmony Somebody said fool you better keep on rapping Stop that trippin', causin it ain't gone happin' I told them look you better mind yo business Change yo' way of thinking and keep on living Done started some trouble and you ain't been out since Cause you stuck inside scared watching CNN Just take the precaution so yo life will be better Tell my friends to call me I ain't accepting no letters [Hook] [Verse 3] You heard about me, yeah you had to Hmm-huh, I know you changed ya mind you ain't the only one with bad news I know that they made you feel strange huh You was right in the middle complainin' and forgot what you was cryin' bout It could be you time and it might be You can't do nothing about it, its God will thats just how life be One day it hit 'cha then its gone And I'm serious and you ain't never even gone feel it until it hit home That's when the pain run sharper and deeper You ain't eat that's when the days feel slow and long I know you miss 'em so it's time to uplift 'em Try to pick the pieces up and find a way to drive on I tell you the truth so don't lie to me Get back Satan don't bother me And that's the way its gotta be And real as ever so I hope you proud of me [Hook] [repeat to fade] You keep bumping me against the wall (*3X*) (You ain't seen bouncin' back) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: Tarantula Song: Go 'Head Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com * * send corrections to the typist [Mystikal] I was at the mall, and this girl passed me by so I like her booty she said hey boy That's when I made my move I jammed up and jammed re-over there by the baby shoe I said you got a chiled huh She said yeah he live in Bogaluga out there by my momma Give me yo' number and I hit you when I make it home And after I take a bath I'll catch up wit'chu later on That's exactly what I did We went to the movies got some eatin' back to the crib  Being a man you know I'm thinkin' about hittin' somethin' She said this you nice but this the first date you ain't gettin' nothin' That's alright cause I respect your mind It ain't no rush cause I'mma get you next time We ain't got no beef, we ain't got no quarrel You likin' me tonight, but you gone lovin' me tomorrow [Hook: P. Williams] I said go 'head, go 'head and move it baby You've got 'em watchin', go 'head and do it honey You've got 'em comin' now, you've got me watchin' baby So don't you stop it baby, you got me so.. [Mystikal] Must be my baby cause I seen her everyday this week And when we made love you know we went meat to meat I think I'm headed for a Love Jones This one hear supposed to be a jam not a love song Girl you got me humpin' and don't ask me what I'm doin' cause I'm thinkin' 'bout my pumpin' They call her pumpkin' cause she workin' with somethin' I call her bia' cause she carryin' my youngin' I made her Cavalier a Navigator, and put baby momma on a Jaguar bling I for you and me for me She built like a stripper I don't need to cheat And when it's late she's always inside Under the cover behind her cuddled up wit' her And since we met you been the love of my life We ain't married but we call eachother husband and wife [Hook] [Mystikal] We always home and all we do is laugh together Even watchin' T.V. takin' baths together Went through the sunny and the nasty weather My feelin' short so I ain't have to tell ya' And I would never try and use you I care too much to hurt you, and need you too much to lose you We have mo' babies than my cousin' Weebie I'm goin' be yo' King Tut you goin' be my Nefa Teenie Tell me what you say to that I be coming home from work sayin' where my ol' lady at And you come runnin' from the back room And you know how much I love to see you when you wear a cat suit Now give me what I want want I say where them trishes at I took 'em by the mall mall You make me feel like a man, cause you can't get enough Girl you got it you got it bad [Hook 2x] [P. Williams] (Mystikal) I said go 'head, (move it) You've got 'em watchin' You've got 'em comin' now (watch it) So don't you stop it baby (stop it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Pharrell Album: Charlie's Angel: Full Throttle Soundtrack Song: Nas' Angels... The Flyest Typed by: jammanxc@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Word word word word [Nas] I come through in a new double R listening to smiling faces Check out my jewelry pound in your faces Italian air forces leather laces with the basket weave Iron in your face so fast from the draft so sneeze It's the nastiest, flashiest, turn girls to Massicast Cause I be giving them pain, it's a cold world Bernie Mac will be snappin' on you But I ain't a joke; you think I'm here to entertain you Fallen angel after them halos Nobody moves until I say so, take the money out the safe slow Escape route and I'm out, I cake out like intimates like the brightest, the flyest You got to be the flyest I know your ass is mean, like you be strappin them jeans, but you can work it like that You got to be the flyest You just take my pumps while standing in your pumps cause you can work it like that You got to be the flyest You just breathe and stare while I'm pulling your hair cause you can work it like that You got to be the flyest You can be Nas's angel, let the largest train you but you work it like that [Nas] Uh, Philly rap a hydro, puffing on a line slow You sea deep need me keep me kickin' like Del Reco Pull up at the Delano South Beach I know For King Solomon jury security in the Tahoe Spandex for money, I stay on the tight G-packs and weed stacks stay on the flight Elbow out the left window, okays on the right Canary out our ears, you know she playing them right Hilton style, billionaire boys club Braveheart, ya'll don't want no war with us Dump a semi-auto made by, I made girls bust When I hit them full thrust, full throttle [Nas] Big living, what it tastes like, tapes right, used to hate life To move an eight, every night was my passion Pipe bombs safe from stashes, Aston's, Rolls Royces Cold oysters and many sorts of women shake like horses I got them peeling out their clothes, really about this dough Problem, hear me out just scone from my pistol poppin' It's at my mind, just a mystery school Brainwash them, then fix them with my tools Mami hit me with some moves I'm addicted to spinning, dipping these women in different waters Watching for dudes with tape recorders on them cause they informants I been okay with these warmers Girls harass me and gas me and say that I'm enormous Move your waist girl.. Yeah yeah (x2) You got to be Nas's Angel You can be Charlie's Angel You can be Nas's Angel Artist: Nelly f/ Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Album: M.O. Song: Get Like Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pharrell] All y'all niggaz wanna get like me Surrounded by bitches that look like these You know it, you know it You know it, you know it (tell 'em again) All my niggaz be blowin on trees Hands so sick so they throwin them ki's You know it, you know it You know it, you know it [Nelly] Now say all y'all niggaz wanna get like me All y'all niggaz wanna get like me Now who wanna shake, don't look and see And then count the bitches nigga 1-2-3 I said and if you feel like somethin else there Then tell her that you down for somethin else, yeah And if she say cause as far as it goes Don't worry, she's straight like a actress nose You can ball and ball, do it wall to wall Just sayin that you can't do it small is all If you can floss Rolex over Audemar On the arm and I'm out-shining all of y'all Can you feel it? Hey, hey Do you want more? Hey, hey 'Til your back's sore? Hey, hey So let's go, let's go [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, I'm the shiz-niyee You should follow my example, bitch, I.E. Cause I'm front row, Isaac Mizrahi In the truck but I ain't suck diz-niyee A-a-all these hoes wanna get like me G-g-get they own speakers and some pose like me W-w-when I'm at the game, all the pros like me B-b-bitch I'm a pro, ain't a hoe like me Bitches ain't stuntin in the cold like me Some call me +Bitchie+ so Necole like me Pull up in the Ghost, East Coast like me My nigga spend money like the coke price free Uh... bon voyage Nicki M. Baby, Buns Minaj Back of the 'bach slumpty, Humpty Dumpty On the back of the bike, these stunts be comfy [Pharrell] Uh... you wrong Why you dance solo to this song? Where your boyfriend at? He gone? Is that a napkin you put your number on? Look... you so wrong Drop down shorty, get your eagle on Tell yo' boyfriend you stayin with Simone Matter fact, put your number in my phone [Nelly] I'm a - fly nigga tatted up with a fade Yeah I was rockin waves when them niggaz had braids It was - Air Force 1's then I took 'em all to J's Now they wanna play (DUMB) like they from the (Bay!) I was - tourin overseas, 250 e'ry day Just came back in the middle of the May It was - in the Maybach with this chick named May Wanna know if she can do me, shawty yes you may! See the whole rap game, sounded like me Put that on the drums and it sound like P Shorty say she horny, sound like E So she wanna bring her partner, okay that sound like three Fresh off the yacht, feet in the sand Walked in the club, meetin demand Got a whip on the lot 'bout 400 grand Go around my nigga, push me close to hand Cause [Pharrell] Uh... {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Sweat Song: Flap Your Wings Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Chorus - Nelly] (Pharrell) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Hell naw, ain't leaving me alone girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Hell naw, ain't leaving me alone girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) [Pharrell & Vanessa Marquez] (Nelly) [P] (She's got that!) Sweat dripping all over her body [V] Do you like that sweat dripping all over my body? [P] (Oh! Oh! Yeah I like that) Sweat dripping all over yo body [V] You like that sweat dripping all over my body [Verse - Nelly] It's summertime and I'm back again Then went to VA yo and got my friends Say wassup Pharrell! (? love us now) Yeah! But let's show em what's above an L, BLING! 100 thou' couldn't get ya one of these I guarantee there ain't a flaw in one of these 200 thou' couldn't get you in the league And 300 thou' you couldn't even buy the keys I think ya need to add 50 more G's Now shall I proceed?! (yes indeed!) Ho! I need to see ya take it down to the floor Spread your wings if you're real ma, fly real low Pause for a second ma, grind real slow And if you do it right Rodeo we'll go Ho! I talk a lil Fred Siegel girl Bonnie and Judy Lee but when she bad call Vida Guerra Apple bottom wit a pearl underneath it You talking like you don't need it, I can tell ya conceded I like that in you, I don't see nothing wrong Drop down and get your eagle on, whoa! [Verse - Nelly] Now what's next, the trend sin up in this party 'O.P.P.' time, now let's get 'Naughty' You take baby girl and I'm a take shorty Wit the sweat dripping all over her body We gon move if you wanna (oh!) groove if you wanna (oh!) Fly ya north up ma and get rude if you wanna Ain't got nothing to lose nor to prove Baby girl soaking like she just got up out the pool, eh! I know you're thirsty ma, go 'head and order what you want Some call it tricking, go 'head call it what you want I came to ball, I ain't come out here to front Cause the black card'll pickup what the grey card won't Her attractiveness, got me attacking this Oh so fabulous! buttimus maximus! She wanna fly south for the winter I might just go down south just to win her Hell naw she ain't gon leave me alone Making plans for us to be at home Take your pants off ma, you can leave your panties on But first drop down and get your eagle on, whoa! [Pharrell & Vanessa Marquez] [P] She's got that sweat dripping all over her body [V] Do you like that sweat dripping all over my body? [P] Yeah I like that sweat dripping all over yo body [V] You like that sweat dripping all over my body [Bridge - Nelly] From the girls wit skinny waists to girls heavy set C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings To the girls wit extensions to the girls wit dreads C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings From the girls got it good living in the suburbs C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings To the ones in the ghetto wit their hands on their - curves C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings, OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Pharrell Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Let it Go (Lil' Mama) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pharrell] + (Nelly) (OHH!) Turn it up, turn it up Turn the beat up, uhh (DERRTY E-N-T!) Turn it up some mo', uhh, okay (uhh) You turn it up a little bit? Here we go (WE ALL WE GOT, OHH!) [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Nelly) She blowin cause she seen that car (she 'bout to blow!) She blowin cause you turned that corner (there they go!) She blowin cause she seen that watch (she 'bout to blow!) She blowin cause you flashed in it on her ('bout to blow!) She blowin cause she seen that knot (she 'bout to blow!) She blowin cause she seen your flash (there they go!) So many y'all in one spot (she lose her mind!) She never seen so much cash [Interlude: Nelly + Pharrell] So let it go lil' mama, let it go lil' mama Just let it go lil' mama, let it go lil' mama Just let it go lil' mama, let it go lil' mama Just let it go lil' mama, let it goooo [Nelly] Yo, they call me Mr. Intellectual, I keep a bunch of vegetables Carrots and the broccoli, how the hell can you stop me? +Naughty by Nature+, yup I'm +Treacherous+ and less than this would be uncivil-ous, and like some syphilis I'm killin this Beat by Pharrell-y; yeah, yeah, really Chad this is silly; ju-just silly (WHOO!) Got a team in the Carolinas, your highness Keep the finest big booty behind us, behind us Just to remind us that, that we the flyest so Kids at home, yo, please don't try this My hands in my pocket mayne I'm doin the wop Lil' mama on her Snoopy Doggy Dogg, she droppin it hot I got whatever in my garage, pull up and shut down your spot I got how many in my bezel man I shut down your watch Oh yeah I'm rappin, believin, my zing and my trees in And soon I'll be leavin, with yo' chick (ah-ha!) [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Nelly] She call me Mr. extra sexual, Scorpio ma is legible Extraterrestrial, she say I'm harder to swivel I keep a fresh pair of Versace, shine up my Liberace My Dolce and my Gabanna, ma I'm keepin it thorough I keep one hundreds in abundance, let me keep it 100 I'm the most underrated, under-appreciated Most sold to dated, fuck you rapper we GOT See I don't drop every year to give you niggaz a shot Now I might not get five mics or a double-XL (never) But fuck it, you keep it, I'ma take the 100 mil' (cha-ching!) And the Murciélago with the rim kitted Tahoe The show stopper, when I ride all you hear is "Bravo" (bravo!) {*clapping*} And all you hear is, "There he go" Ha ha ha - ah, ah, ah You see my paint job's a fool, my paint job be poppin My paint job's so wet my license plates read (what it read?) PUSSY Shut yo' mouth [Interlude] – 2X [Nelly] Listen now I, I She wanna know what my girlfriend know And uh, she wanna see how deep this can go She wanna know how much she can blow She wanna know what my girlfriend know Bong bong - RZA [Nelly + Pharrell] She 'bout to blow, there they go She 'bout to blow, 'bout to blow She 'bout to blow, there they go {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Pharrell Album: Suit Song: Play it Off Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pharrell] She got that ba-da-buh-da Your girl ain't gotta know I hit ya last night I was all over your body goin ba-da-buh-da Dame be such a hottie Yo she's lookin over here but she won't get it out me y'all Shake it off, that's how you play it off Shake it off, that's how you play it off Not now, no you can't take it off But play it off, she won't know a damn thing [Pharrell] I play it off 'til it's played out I had her motherfuckin ass on the couch, honey laid out She hintin around at gettin ate out I know I'm spaced out (yeah) but the shit sound way out [Nelly] So I had to take a playa out, switch up my whurrabouts Cause she was tryin to turn a playa out And plus she know a nigga blazed out And lil' mama gon' crack a window, let the haze out [pre-Chorus: Pharrell] She said she loves that stroke Keep on her heels and her coat Then she say she loves my moves And the way I do, what I do She got that ba-da-buh-da Gotta make, sure, I don't get attached That ba-da-buh-da But it keeps, on, bringin me back [Pharrell] The Sun sick a triflin, so sick he have ya snifflin Plus the chains like the nigga Slick Rick an' them [Nelly] We had pick of them, strictly all dimensions and Not to mentionin the Benjamins is thickenin [Pharrell] And now it's like a odyssey when she sayin hi to me She eat the dick, then she cry when she gotta leave [Nelly] Bye, bye, you gotta go now (yeah) My girl, just, pulled up outside [pre-Chorus] [Pharrell] Just know the whole hood is lookin at you So don't let your girl catch you [Nelly] So have your story right, on how we met Just have your story right, and don't never forget You need your story right, cause she'll be upset Her inner feelings'll be disrespect, but [pre-Chorus] [Nelly] Story right  (Just know the whole hood is lookin at you) Story right (So don't let your girl catch you) Story right.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Kelis Album: Melvin Flynt - Da Hustler Song: Cocaine Business (Hysteria) Typed by: HotBoi226@aol.com [Noreaga - Verse 1] Ay yo, we was chillin, on the low Yo in Vegas, this was at the Magic Show Had my PNB clothes and my West Coast hoes Get me at the airport, I'm at the MGM Smoke Swisher Sweets and Zigs and Zags Drinkin Brandy straight, out a tall ass glass They call em Maurice's, I'm wit E-40 Mack-10 yo and that nigga W.C. Yo in the lobby of the hotel, it's off the hook They got no more rooms cause the shit all booked But last night I'm wit Wesley Snipes Gettin drunk in Cheetah's just feelin aiight I had to bounce early though, gotta catch a flight Told Swizz Beatz give a pound to him and his peeps I had to bounce in the limo, get somthin to eat Ay yo, I'm bouncin in the limo gettin somthin to eat It Go... [Kelis - Chorus] Cocaine business controls America Illegal business causin hysteria (4x) [Noreaga - Verse 2] On my way to the airport, the limo drive And then this cat pulled up in a pure white five He said he hate me and he wished that I'd die I rolled the window down and I said what's up I said fuck you, then I rolled the shit back up I paid it no mind, just drove off tough And then the driver said to me, yo they followin us Now I'm a little scared But I'm still prepared I'm like one deep wit one gat, nigga I'm here Then I thought to my self, yo I'm near LaGuardia Let me cut through the hood and have my niggas just body it up Have my niggas on the block playin the cut Call em up, when you see the white five fire it up At this point I'm poppin shit, knowin I got it "Come On Motherfucker!!!", out the sunroof I yelled Hopin these niggas still follow me and still don't bail It go... [Pharrell & (Noreaga)] Ohh(what, wha-what, what) Ahh Ohh, that shit is gangsta, Ahh Ohh(what,wha-what, what) Ahh Ohh, that shit is gangsta, Ahh [Noreaga - Verse 3] My niggas was on the block like I planned They hit the passenger side up and killed his man I hopped out the limo and just spinned around Hit the ground, my niggas tried to hit the clown I said chill, he say he wanna see me die So let me hit the nigga up, blow him kiss good-bye Adios! Now I just gotta be ghost I gave my niggas a pound, and then I just hand em the toast The limo driver got scared and tried to bounce on me And yo besides the heat, I had an ounce on me Bullet proof vest feelin like an couch on me I called the hood cab, oh-5, came real fast I had to bounce real quick, get up off da ave. And yo motherfucker that's what I did Ay yo, I still hit the airport and caught the flight kid To all the haters, it don't even matter cause we still got doe [Chorus til fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Pharrell Williams (N.E.R.D.) Album: God's Favorite/Violator the Album: V.20 Song: Grimey Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Noreaga] Yeah nigga - part four muh'fucker Thugged out nigga (Grimey) Neptunes - nigga what nigga (Grimey) Violator - nigga what nigga (Grimey) This shit is serious - type serious (Grimey) Uh, uh-uh, nigga what nigga (Grimey) Uh, uh-uh, nigga what nigga (Grimey) Uh, uh-uh, part four nigga (Grimey) Yo, yo, yo It's like fuck, it's King Tut jewelry, blind fury nigga I smoke boogies, conspiracy theory It's like I'm Malcolm, with just the X These bitches swear they in love but it's just the X Niggas act like, my coke ain't long in stress Like I don't keep two shotguns, under my chest I flip, obsolete see I'm the king of the streets And show muh'fuckers how to rhyme on Neptunes' beats In Miami, Pun shoulda, won the Grammy This year I'll bring the shit home to his family Go 'head, and keep hatin, until you receive Mad volts in your chest plate, hard to breathe See you a hater like Star & Buc, nigga what And fuck Tommy Boy, them niggaz just suck I'm the ultimate, gun on my dick, hoes swallow my spit Wanna drink every bottle I sip [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] Nigga when that heat, is bustin off And the ambulance come, and rush you off And the witness like - we don't know dem boys Me and my niggaz goin hey, hey, hey, hey-hey hey Then we resume, hangin with stars Then we live in fat houses and fat ass cars Then we drive and scream - nigga FUCK the law Me and my niggaz goin hey, hey, hey, hey-hey hey [Noreaga] Yo, yo I alternated with the greatest, upgraded my speech We Violator violatin, y'all niggaz capiche? It's unsafe like late night on (?) Beach Drink some river ranches and get slurped at least Let's have fun wit it, in the Bridge my niggaz dunn wit it Niggaz had hit records, but we done did it Pop a collar; see them chicks they like to holla N.O.! You know them hoes already know they gotta swallow Money like Nutty Professor - fat as fuck Four gold albums; ain't none of it luck Brad Pitt, Fight Club shit, fuckin you up Since you, seem so tense release the mutts I'm connected, the police release my cuffs Call me Fillmore, naw nigga cause I'ma feel more Nigga this my year, you gonna feel Nore Money we got it but still try and feel more [Bridge: Pharrell Williams (Noreaga)] Type of niggarole, we must be dunns (Grimey) Toothbrush shanks and rusty guns (Grimey) Nigga get popped can't hush me son (Grimey) Sellin everything 'til they cuff me dunn (Grimey) 93 Ac' fuck a Range nigga (Grimey) Saliva at the mouth of your chain nigga (Grimey) Reynolds wrap, coke, and doo-rags (Grimey) Never cleanin up, nigga screw that (Grimey) [Noreaga] You see we unbreakable, y'all niggaz is uncapable We 2G nigga we use gats that's untraceable Still smokin, and niggaz know how I do it Keep big shanks, shit'll cut in half your Buick Just me and shorty, late night in the park  And gettin so much brains I'm startin to feel smart Off Beelzebub, feelin my love with cold heart See these fake niggaz, my fists'll break niggaz We switchin labels, now it's time to break niggaz We switchin labels, now it's time to break niggaz [Bridge] [Pharell Williams] Hey, hey, hey, hey-hey hey [Noreaga] Violator - nigga what nigga (Grimey) This shit is serious (Grimey) (Grimey) (Grimey) (Grimey) (Grimey).. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga (N.O.R.E.) Album: God's Favorite Song: Head Bussa Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro] Head bussa... Head bussa... Head bussa... Head bussa... [Chorus] (4x) I don't know 'bout you, but I'm a head bussa (head bussa) [Verse: Noreaga] Hey yo...  Yo, N-O-R, you can catch me in my favorite car (car) Drop Lex, 'Llac truck, or the Lazy R I'm like a pitcher, I throw my hits crazy far And if you is what you smoke then haze we are I'm never faired up (faired up) I got some lead what (lead what) And keeps some chicks in my whips and they always just fuck my head up I'm like whatever God, ain't a nigga better God? I rock a Neptunes beat like it's a leather guard Know about you, but I'm a bed crusher See I don't know about you, but I'm a head bussa You see it's God Favorite, he built the project bricks Chicks love us anyway, cause we just make hits No red meat, I'm good with just water and fish Thugged out Militainment see we focused - bitch Stand strong in the pain, see me hold my pivot Or you can catch me in LA, with a Mexican midget [Chorus] (4x) [Verse: Noreaga] Yo, yo... See I'm a Philly nigga, I can't fuck wit a dutch chick Automatic whips, can't fuck wit a clutch shit Jo-se (Jose) I'm so relaxed it seems The first nigga sellin' cracks through a fax machine Shit StarTac (StarTac) I hold my gun in a rage And I can make planes crash through a two-way page Niggas stack like, act like I ain't made mad classics Like I'm a new artist, the nerve of these rap bastards But that's aight cause I'm a still make more And I could sell bad work, still say that it's raw I make songs for the poor niggas  The most grimey and raw niggas, the ki-ki-kickin' your door niggas Go arm wrestle next, see whose neck I break I send my little man home (dude go home man) have to check out late She a bed crusher, see I'm a bad person [Chorus] (7x) [Bridge: Pharrell Williams] Aim down, bang the same I'm a see if you say my name "N-O-R" They announce to change the game Couting out eleven clouds and bullets that rain Came down (down) it's a soldier game (fa' sho nigga) Kill for money, heroin, and 'caine nigga See your flag, the color of cloud nigga Picture finish, show me what you are [Verse: Noreaga] See I'm a head bussa (bussa) it ain't hard to tell That I'm a keep makin' hits, it ain't hard to sell And them Def Jam niggas put that paper behind us We left that other label, and the hatin' behind us Niggas want beef, it ain't hard to find us We in the 'Lac Truck, them niggas in Path-Finders and-uh The crime scene like N.O.R.E.! , N.O.R.E.!  M.U. the ones screaming like N.O.R.E.!, N.O.R.E.! Man, I'm outta' town my niggas travel, too We in LA getting' sucked off in Malibu And you can ask the Jake, they call me "no shit" Cause everytime they question me, I don't know shit And hold this, yea nigga just know this I always drink Henny, hardly know the 'Cris Straight monsterous, I keep a ill beat And niggas hardly like you, your shit still weak [Bridge] [Chorus] (8x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E f/ Pharrell Williams (The Neptunes) Album: I'm a G "12 Song: I'm a G Typed by: Feegadealme@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Pharell/N.O.R.E] Excuse me.. "excuse me" Let me get by ya! "let me get by ya.." You only in the floor if you a true rider.. "a true rida" Got no time for no fucking dick riders.. "no dick riders no groopies" You only on the floor if you a true rider and a.. "haahaaa" And a G! and a G! "haahaaa" I'm a g! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! ..yo ..yo [Verse 1: N.O.R.E] Yo, yo.. Now guess who steped through the motherfucking door Boys Militainment and that boy N.O. Phantom windows down so the wind gone blow On that hang hang gria you should already know that.. I'm a G! I'm a G! Always live live cause the game gone smell me Catch me in that drop red car by Chevy Yea I rep the hood rep the hood getting wealthy Been through it all there ain't nothing you can tell meee.. I'm a G! I'm a G! Still on the run but only run from the cops though Nad cause my records bang from here to El Paso.. Yesss!!! [Chorus: Pharell/N.O.R.E] Excuse me."excuse me". Let me get by ya! "let me get by ya.." You only in the floor if you a true rider.. "a true rida" Got no time for no fucking dick riders.."no dick riders no groopies" You only on the floor if you a true rider and a.."haahaaa" And a G! and a G! "haahaaa" I'm a g! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! [Verse 2: N.O.R.E] The people wanna know when that boy gone bang Jose Cuervo no "Gramaye?" drink hard liquor hard liquor all day I'ma certified-holic kid you know I don't play cause.. ha! I'm a G! I'm a G! Still two step don't dance just boogie step up in the spot with the weapons and the hoody All hood with me so you know I'm all goody done grew around the pimps hustlers gangsters and the bullies cause.. I'm a G! I'm a G! Stand here straped done been all through it Still pop a nigga don't think I won't do it.. Yess!!! [Chorus: Pharell/N.O.R.E] Excuse me.."excuse me" Let me get by ya! "let me get by ya.." You only in the floor if you a true rider.. "a true rida" Got no time for no fucking dick riders.."no dick riders no groopies" You only on the floor if you a true rider and a.."haahaaa" And a G! and a G! "haahaaa" I'm a g! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! [Verse 3: N.O.R.E] Yo.. now 1 to the 2 to the 3 to the 4 When I sold crack I only sold crack raw Break it down quick and then I re-up more When the Jake rush the spot I had the safe in the floor cause.. I'm a G! I'm a G! I'm still on the block in the benz with the lights on Cops on the block with they sirens and pythons Killers don't care bite they ear like Tyson Gun shots and yelling what you hear when the fight's on cause.. I'm a G! I'm a G! I stayed right here like I got left back Always rep Corona, Queens that's Iraq! Yess! [Chorus: Pharell/N.O.R.E] Excuse me.. Let me get by ya! "let me get by ya.." You only in the floor if you a true rider.. "a true rida" Got no time for no fucking dick riders.. "no dick riders no groopies" You only on the floor if you a true rider and a.. "haahaaa" And a G! and a G! "haahaaa" I'm a g! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! "haahaaa" I'm a G! I'm a G! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Pharrell Williams (The Neptunes) Album: God's Favorite Song: Nothin' Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com [Intro: Pharell] Oh! (Millitainment) Oh! (Millitainment) Oh! (Millitainment) Come on (Millitainment) Oh! (Millitainment) This one is the hot one! (Millitainment) Aiyyo! (Millitainment) [Chorus: Pharell] Homeboy, I came to party (ohh!) Yo' girl was lookin at me (ohh!) She's a haggler naw I'm not taggin her (ohh!) But you don't want them boys to come over and start askin ya (ohh!) What you wanna do, nigga? (Nothin') What you tryin to do, nigga? (Nothin') What you wanna do, nigga? (Nothin') What you tryin to do [Verse 1: Noreaga] Yo, yo, yo.. Yo N-O-R papi, say what? That nigga's the man With his manager Chris and the label that Jams Still flossin, showin your rocks Ain't you dudes heard "Grimey" man we stoled your watch It goes indian style, knees bent in dashiki Strapped with the veritek baby tec B.T. True she at the bar lookin good in the brown dress Four to six shots and them things ain't around yet Persona all thugged out loud and clear Sayin fuck the straight Henny, just grab me a beer You see I'm reppin now, and my mami's I got a weapon now Shoot at them clowns at they feet, they high steppin now Left that wack label cause I don't like pricks I'm like a hammer that you hold on your hand, I make hits At the white boy club while I'm buyin the bar They like, "Hey now, you're an all star," it go [Verse 2: Noreaga] I spit mack millimeter rhymes, kill a liter in line My nigga Peter got a heater of mines Niggaz still lyin, in they wack ass bars Only time they seen jail, when they watchin "Oz" I'm in the club pissy drunk like, "Ahhhdadidaaaaa!!!!!!" And mami took it proper like, "Dadadidaaaaa!!!!!!" Adios kill your soul, then we body your ghost They call me gordo, I sip the champagne that's importo Playin "Capicu" (Man you ain't nappy too!!!) I like when chocha be nappy too I treat life like a fast car, lower my speed I try and chill, and sell more records than Creed Been a hustler (What? What?) Way before "Melvin Flynt" A criminal, don't leave no prints These dudes gave me a brick and they ain't seen me since Caught up wit 'em, had them dudes straight hoppin the fence, it go [Bridge: repeat 8X] La la la la la la la la la (ohh!) [Verse 3: Noreaga] Yo, yo, yo.. Yo oops, I done done it again, I got another one I keep it hid in my pocket I got another one "Fast and Furious," dunn dunn dunn tudunn Still be in, Miami and jet skiing In the ocean where the sharks be at, just O.D.'n Adebesi, want a brick you pay double easy I got them things that'll move easy And I told the lawyer, I sold blow to old Goya I'm half spanish, you see I cook coke for Goya I'm half spanish, all day arroz con polla Recognize, when I'm runnin the game, before me Chickens wasn't even messin with brain, because me Now you started gettin head on the westside highway So recognize my nigga you did it my way Ice rockin, brick choppin and gun shoppin I did it all beat cases without Cochran [Outro: repeat 8X] La la la la la la la la la (ohh!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Pharrell of Neptunes Album: Melvin Flynt Da Hustler Song: Oh No Typed by: Ayod0g@aol.com [Noreaga & Pharrell] Bounce wit me, bounce, bounce, bounce 2x Yeah Yeah 2x Oh Oh No No 2x WHAT WHAT WHAT 2x [Noreaga] I bust to the scening cuss to the scening  I admit a little bit I lust for the crideam Everytime you see me see me biggin up my teaming on the dream of winning trying to make crideam Thugged out even when you catch me in the cuisine my clan mad dirty yall too cliddean (clean) Hennessey and Smirnoff make a nigga middean (mean) I need two more like I was a fiddean (fiend) Drinks galore everytime I'm in the citting (city) 0 to 60 didn't want a sixteening You see it in my coats or you see it in my jizzeans (jeans) you can't tell you should know the way I lizzean (lean) Water so clear I think I'm in Carribbing (Carribbean) everybody gone like we straight clipping you better watch out when we start flipping seen you fuckin and you know we're not slipping [Chorus] 2x Ohh Oh No No WHAT WHAT WHAT Ohh Oh No NO WHAT WHAT WHAT [Noreaga] Ayo verse 2 coming with my Heineken brew N O R putting people back in I C U You ain't even thiddink that I need a driddink hit you up quick before you could even bliddink Give you a splitting cut you up with the shiddank tell your accountant to go and just check the biddank I damn near broke you and I ain't even thiddink I gotta churrda lurrda girls like Shabba Riddanks Guaranteed to be there just like Fed Ex We write our own rhymes kid you can check the credits me and Nature stay fuckin with grimlettes yo the hood baddest the bitches pussy is the fattest Smack Smack Smack Smack peep Gladys if you don't know yo then I don't know I'm gonna get me some head right after the show you can meet me at the room shit 664 Oh Oh No No WHAT WHAT WHAT Oh Oh No No WHAT WHAT WHAT [Pharrell] 2x I told yall flippers all of yall quitters  don't be contemplating my figgas Cuz I hang with go getters straight flow spitters crys and mo sippers carry yo niggas [Noreaga] It's all goodnud do my songs for the hoodnud platinum nigga while yall thangs go woodnud Yo you try to dis me ya man told you that you shouldnud I blew over you and I told you that I couldnud Me and Drag pack it Neptunes on the wheels he sneakin in at tables and he's sneakin in feels People walkin in my section that I don't even know I'm like get lost yo you stay ya ass home You a frizzeak always see you in the strizzeet walkin walkin til you get widdeak You on the E train 7 train plus the bus I don't even like you cuz you can't be trust You need to get up out my face ain't nuttin to discuss you don't like me then cool yo I don't care but if you get up in my face yo I don't care it's a dirty game and both of us ain't playin it fair [Chorus] 2x Oh Oh No No WHAT WHAT WHAT Oh Oh No No WHAT WHAT WHAT [Pharrell] 2x I told yall flippers all of yall quitters  don't be contemplating my figgas Cuz I hang with go getters straight flow spitters crys and mo sippers carry yo niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. (P.A.P.I.) f/ Pharrell  Album: Student of the Game Song: The Problem (Lawwwddd) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Pharrell] (N.O.R.E.) The moment when you see that nigga face again (WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT!!!!) Replay it in your mind then your breathin change He's reachin in his jacket he 'gon make it rain The bystanders screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The DJ's screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The AK's screamin lawwwddd!!!! Bless that nigga's mama's heart Her baby stretched out on the boulevard!!!! [Verse One: N.O.R.E.] Aiyyo! Niggas tryin to shit on me and make history Supposedly, I help chicks help them with groceries Supposedly, I still break, grippin my rosary Still shoot ya nlock up, then make you notice me (Lawwwddd!!!!) Bullets flyin in the air much Fuckin heard that guy hurt, I don't even care much (Lawwwddd!!!!) And I still smoke a bogermill Still havin street meetings Stop One broker deals You my nigga nigga fuck how nigga Oprah feels P.A.P.I. I pop guns, they don't pop me Known for shootin niggas but nah they never shot me Hang hang good bell gang, don't make us pop three [Chorus: Pharrell] (N.O.R.E.) The moment when you see that nigga face again (WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT!!!!) Replay it in your mind then your breathin change He's reachin in his jacket he 'gon make it rain The bystanders screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The DJ's screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The AK's screamin lawwwddd!!!! Bless that nigga's mama's heart Her baby stretched out on the boulevard!!!! [Verse Two: N.O.R.E.] Yo! Yeah! I hear you talkin what year nigga whatever nigga You did time? Me too nigga whatever nigga Pussy plus dick could only equal to fuck And! N.O.R.E. plus Pharrell could only equal to WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT!!!! From blood money to love money to thug money Nino without fuckin a hoe for G's money I shot niggas in they motherfuckin peep holes Winter time shot niggas in they ski clothes (Lawwwddd!!!!) Still I stay focused still Catch cases, got cases it's over still (Lawwwddd!!!!) Slime fall or slime out Good bell gang hang hang nigga ride out [Chorus: Pharrell] (N.O.R.E.) The moment when you see that nigga face again (WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT!!!!) Replay it in your mind then your breathin change He's reachin in his jacket he 'gon make it rain The bystanders screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The DJ's screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The AK's screamin lawwwddd!!!! Bless that nigga's mama's heart Her baby stretched out on the boulevard!!!! [Verse Three: N.O.R.E.] Aiyyo! Neptune, cockerspaniel underground Ralph McDaniels My dick, two can handleto chicks tu cumpleanos Italian shit, The Sopranos, I attack, like a rebel I attack, I attack, counteract, cardiac Shootin at yo' Pontiac wherever your army at (Lawwwddd!!!!) Moscato with the peace mix (Lawwwddd!!!!) I'm just rollin with some freak chicks Lawwwddd!!!!) Where the drinks come spiked, prefixed!!!!! [Chorus: Pharrell] (N.O.R.E.) The moment when you see that nigga face again (WHAT WHAT WHAT WHAT!!!!) Replay it in your mind then your breathin change He's reachin in his jacket he 'gon make it rain The bystanders screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The DJ's screamin lawwwddd!!!!! The AK's screamin lawwwddd!!!! Bless that nigga's mama's heart Her baby stretched out on the boulevard!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Operator 12" Song: Operator * Typed by: Davida.b. * original version w/o The Clipse, additional two ODB verses [Chorous: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Pharrell Williams)] Operator (operator) Get the police (she's so fine) Operator (operator) Get the police (she's so finen) Look at that girl (she's so fine) Look at that girl (say it again) Look at that girl (must be a crime) Operator [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Met this bitch, by the name of Suzy She was a bad bitch, she had a big ol' booty She got me set up, when I went to the projects Bad ass bitch, she was the one to holla at Had another bitch by the name of Precilla You know that bad bitch, she taste like vanilla In my car, looking good like that Getting money, making rushes, down with rats Saying to myself, no one can defeat me I got my dick out, come on bitch, feed me Let shit out, go down the throat Nigga like me, never miss a note If rain, I got coke, so I can't soaked Make a nigga go, I takes that dough Get hot like Superfly I'm the best at this shit and I don't know why [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Girls with money, drippin' from your ass I don't give a fuck, I'm smoking grass You known me from down the block, I'm that good Sold to your people in your neighborhood Baby how you want, the period is yummy The diamonds in my mouth, I'm eatin' gummy The feet bitch, I'm not lookin' at the corn The way you farted, smell like them horns You got enough body, enough to start a fight Your deep throat, me solo, say all night I'm movin' on you, screwin' on you Don't know what I'm doing on you Ain't your man, but I know I'm chewing on you You'll be best, when me and you leave the set Got rubies, how did you get them neck? How do you feel about that bitch, if the bitch is a fatty Hit that bitch, now take it from me [Hook 4X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (girl)] If you ain't sweating, there's something wrong, girl (I am....) Say it louder [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now bitch tell me right now, why you trying to kill me As if that I like bitches like Eazy-E You float like a butterfly, sting like a bee Knock that ho out like Muhammad Ali Spin in my mouth, throw your knees to the floor Squeel like a pig, I squeel like a whore Squeel like a motherfucker, do on tour 69 girl, get on all fours Winter, Spring, Summertime, Fall When I walk down the street, do a man whore Black blueberry bitch, stink, girls itch Forget two G, I'm filthy man rich Tuesday, Wednesday, I take off Get it bitch, get it, my dick needs floor I'm gonna get this CREAM, teen girl, hurt you, fuck laws Movin' on your broads, fly skit tours [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Pharrell Williams, Clipse Album: A Son Unique Song: Operator (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Chorus - Ol' Dirty Bastard & (Pharrell)] Operator! (operator!) get the police! (she so fine!) Operator! (operator!) get the police! (she so fine!) Look at that girl! (she so fine!) Look at that girl! (say it again!) Look at that girl! (must be a crime!) Look at that girl! (OWW!!) [Verse - Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo! Met this bitch by the name of Subie She was a bad bitch, she had a big ol' booty She got me setting up when I went to the projects Bad ass bitch she was the one to holla at Had another bitch by the name of Pricilla You know that bad bitch, she taste like vanilla In my car looking good like that Getting money, making records, down with rap Saying to myself, no one can defeat me I got my dick out, c'mon bitch beat me! Let that shit out, go down your throat Nigga like me, never miss a note If rain I got coats so I can't get soaked Make a nigga know I take's that dough Get high like Supa Fly I'm the best, that's the shit now I don't know why [Verse - Pusha T] Bitch please! Come live out your fantasies Dollars and diamonds, like on my Ice Creams 1K jeans wit belt and white tee I sling white balls give fiends a pipe dream Well in this scene in my british queen The ignition's on the left but yes it's the right theme Engine full of horses, chariots the king The B's in the middle like it's tittie fucking the wings Pornographic, the voice so drastic Without a +Reasonable Doubt+ I'm +classic+ Cake-aholic the same way - that Dame Dash is But I bakes my cakes, bag 'em up in plastic (UHH!) Halloween 'em up, trick yeah I treat 'em up Lou' Vuitton a toe, watch how the hoes eat 'em up Ma I said I'm finger licking good, ah yes we Re As if invisible Juice, you niggaz can't see me! [Bridge - Ol' Dirty Bastard] If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! [Verse - Malice] She so fine, all she need now is a baller Who better fit the bill? I myself, I'm a starter In the game, you could tell by the charter G4, Lear, or the Yacht in the harbor Mama come to papa, don't it feel at home here? All the comforts of it, you ain't got a care Don't love me wit your heart, love me from a far Now sit, look pretty like you came wit the car Diamonds in the ear lobe, wrapped in the mink Condo chillin, I be tickle pink Not worrying bout the next bitch or what people think If I say they don't exist, POOF the extinct Mama - no! we don't need the drama All we need is south beach, puffing on Habanas You just strike a match girl, do your man a honors Next week Cali, we up in Las Palmas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Chris Rock, The Neptunes, Zu Keeper Album: Nigga Please Song: Recognize Typed by: Masta10304@hotmail.com [Chris Rock] Yo, yo, this is Chris Rock You heard my man He ain't on no commercial shit The O.D.B. It ain't the Young D.B. It's the Ol' D.B. That old shit This ain't the Embry-O D.B. This is the Ol' mothafuckin D.B. I'm Chris Rock, I'm chillin with the O.D.B. So I'm the wrong place, at the wrong mothafuckin time with the wrong mothafuckin man The O.D.B., baby [Ol' Dirty Bastard] All y'all niggas talkin bout commercial song This ain't no commercial song Straight up, nigga, what? Y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Neptunes)] Yo, what's my name? (You need to recognize) Shut the fuck up! (You need to recognize) I bring the mothafuckin ruckus (You need to recognize) C'mon punk ass niggas Uh, nah, nah, I'm just fuckin wit'chall (Uh-huh) [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Zu Keeper)] Who get drunk at night till the early morn'? Tap dances at the party like it's goin on Bitches and niggas all around scopin eachother down I'm takin pictures at y'all at the fuckin lounge Mad niggas was, gettin drunk at the bar I'm throwin Moet bottles, HA HA HA HA HA HA It's rowdy outside, I ain't signin shit Don't flow bitch, I take your microphone You party bitches fallin in line with your fat ass stinkin behind You don't know who the fuck is here I back smack your ass, make pressure appear Cuz cold Lucky knockin at your door I dedicate that to your source Cuz this (Nigga please) is dirty and it's stinkin Funkier than (Peppi Le Pew, so I was thinkin) I drop you mothafuckin niggas on the (weekend) (Lettin you know that) bitch nigga don't start You thought that I was weak? Huh, let me speak My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's feet So listen mister, don't you ever forget Rhyme dirty, you couldn't even clean it with Comet or even Worex, some tried Ajax Only mix wit, the back get this track Y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize, you need to recognize You need to recognize, niggas need to recognize Uh-huh, uh-huh Uh-huh, uh-huh [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Zu Keeper)] Sweet girl, sweet girl Each and every day-a, each and every way-a See you niggas, most of your strayers Stray off from a thing, civilization-a Don't understand the true nation-a Go back like cold ovens and ice boxes (Murder Avenue L trains, Broadway blackouts Brooklyn Zu keep history, fam shake the trends Five years of workin bodies, voice box hits the shotty I move in parties, stickin hotties And all you fake mob Gotti's, I push your skirt up My shit's so bad I wipe my ass with a burner) I said, y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize, you need to recognize You niggas need to recognize, uh-huh, uh-huh [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize, you need to recognize Bitches and niggas'll recognize Look, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Papa Roach f/ N.E.R.D. Album: Biker Boyz Soundtrack Song: Don't Look Back Typed by: ThinkFree22@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro: Papa Roach, Pharrell Williams, Shay [PR] Yo , what's up Pharrell how you feelin'? [P] Good [PR] Hey Shay, wake up man [S] I'm here [P] There's no turning back now [PR] I know man I'm ready to go [P] You ready? [PR] Hell yeah [P] Yeah, lets go [Papa Roach] We're the gladiators Taking my heart won't be that easy So send in your lies I'll fly so high the birds won't reach me [Bridge: Pharrell Williams] So prepare yourself (ready) Screw everyone else (lets go) Cuz time is counting down (ready) It looks like it's now (lets go) [Chorus: Papa Roach & Pharrell Williams] [PR] Just Go [P] There's moments when you've been cold [PR] Don't look back [P] Ages waitin' for you to fall [PR] Never look back [P] ????s come, ????s crawl [PR] Don't look back [P] Angels smile, so give it your all [PR] Never look back [Papa Roach] Kept my eyes on the prize The next step in my evolution Is to realize (realize) My life is just a crazy ride [Bridge] [Papa Roach] Well fold down the pressure I'm not the type to stop until I'm done Addicted with fear my skin It's not the end it's just the beginning [Shay] Ready .. Lets go.. Ready. Lets go [Bridge] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) f/ Neptunes Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Diddy Typed by: drk757@hotmail.com Yeah.. it's Bad Boy baby (Yeah, c'mon) Neptunes (mm, mm, mm, mm, c'mon) And we won't stop (I like this right here) Cause we can't stop (yeah) Yeah, let me tell you somethin Yeah, check this out [Verse One] Sometimes I rhyme slow, sometimes I rhyme quick I was on 1-2-5 and Saint Nick Chillin with this chick named Tondalea Was a hot girl and everybody wanted to slay her But she wasn't fond of players, only wanted ballers to spoil her with six figures and camcorders So what you tryin to tell me dear? I got Bently, Benson and Mr. Belverdere And I just want to blow your mind I'm talkin literally blow your mind My repetoire is menage-a-trois and exotic cars Chillin with the hottest stars And it ain't no stoppin this I can't help it I'm a optomist And I'ma make ya head bop to this And at the end you gon' rock to this Now say my name, c'mon [Chorus: Neptunes] D the I the D the D the Y, the D the I the D It's Diddy (Hold up!) It's Diddy (That shit's crazy!) The D the I the D the D the Y, the D the I the D It's Diddy (Hold up!) It's Diddy (Say whaaat?!) [Verse Two] Aiyyo, I came in the door, I said it before I never the ladies hypnotize me no more But.. but back to the manuscript Cause I don't think you can handle this From New York to Los Angeles I think the whole world scandalous I'm just tryin to keep the candles lit Let the party people dance to this Get out your seats and clap your hands to this Because I came too far for me to be bourgeoise It's a Bentley to you, to me it's a blue car So Branson pass me a jar Cause these cats done went too far Yeah one phone call send two cars And I still get searched by security guards (that's right) I guess that's what I have to do Take the game international, now what you call me? (La La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I'm tryin to see you work it out girl (La La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I wanna see you work it out girl [Verse Three] Now hold up, stop (stop) now wait a minute We don't stop we rock cause ain't a limit My aim is winnin, got Asian women that'll change my linen after I done blazed and hit 'em, but I just wanna rock wit you (that's right) And take it straight to the top with you And do what I gots to do, if it's possible Cause I ain't trying to stop you boo I, got an agenda, got on a Ninja One wheelin and killin it not to offend ya That's when I met this chick named Brenda Tender, her whole body bend like fender So let me see you shake it girl (c'mon) I just wanna see you shake it girl (c'mon) For the return of the Don, the world in my palm My moms calls me Sean but y'all call me (La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I'm tryin to see you work it out girl (La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I wanna see you work it out girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Philly's Most Wanted Album: Get Down or Lay Down Song: Dream Car (Do You Wanna Ride?) Typed by: SINcereO2@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Boo) Aye yo come on (Hispanic Chick) Ayy papi Gotta get this money Playa-haters lookin' at me funny (Nigga don't want no trouble) Know why? (Cause bitches don't want no trouble) (Boo) She read it for me, post-ed it for me Through on the brand new red ??? for me Anything less than 10 karats is really on me You out do me wit bitches? Really homey? Six-o-o V one-two One through bitches when I come through This is what it's come to? Boo outdone you so drop them thongs You know you only really like me 'cause I drop them songs That's why I gun 'em like that, gun in these bitches Chosen dog, I don't come to these bitches They after sumthin' you know, it be riches 10 months later she got baby pictures Talkin' bout, "I tried to call. You never flee me." Talkin' bout, "I was at the show. You ain't see me." "No wasn't lookin'. Lot of hoes there The show in NY, it's a lot of shows there." Come On (Chorus) Pharrell Williams of N.E.R.D Do you wanna ride inside my car? Butter leather seats with the VCR Panoramic view so you can see the stars (Hot Hot) is my only charge (Hot Hot) is my only charge (Hot Hot) is my only charge No tellin' where we'll go. Girl we'll go far but, (Hot Hot) is my only charge (Mr. Man) You wanna ride? Come on then, lay back and watch TV It's dark, keep it in park and can't nobody see me Tint no see-through. Chick you know how we do I lean like a thug, you hit me while my cock diesel Eyes to the sky. Gettin' topped wit no top It's 9:45 the movie start at 10 'o clock We gettin' it in, inside the parkin' lot It's like this, fuck the AC blowin' let's make it hot We can't stop, won't stop, our pants drop Eventhough it's 10:35 we won't stop The only thing I really got in this world is my shot Get it all up in ya stomach consider yaself knocked (Hey baby.) I treat hoes like clothes everyday it's something new Mr. don't trick so they call me a When I was dead broke the hoes payed no mind But now that I'm paid the hoes don't mind what (Chorus) (Hispanic Chick) and  (Keys Please.)  (Keys Please.)  (Keys Please.)  (Keys Please.)  Faster Faster. Come On x4 Hispanic Chick Speaking Spanish and moanin' The way you drive baby can't nobody match you Givin' me head 'til I fuckin' blow a gasket The way you drive baby can't nobody match you Givin' me head 'til I fuckin' blow a gasket I love my car Beat until fadeout.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Philly's Most Wanted f/ Kelis, Pharrell Williams Album: Get Down or Lay Down Song: Ladies Choice Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com [Pharrell Williams] "Yo. Wave your hands in the air if ya came to party. ("Party.") Get down, baby, we get down. Neptunes, Most Wanted, baby. We get down. Come on. Wave your hands in the air if ya came to party. ("Party.") Get down, baby, we get down. Neptunes, Most Wanted, baby. We get down." [Boobonic] Yo, yo, ayyo Who prefer to gain cheddar, find D and Tim' better, stay coppin' letters, take ya bitch if ya let her; clothes always sweaters, ain't nothin', I'm used to it I rock shit up top and match boots to it Major dough; ayyo, I'm fine and I'm able Six wit' a roof like a dinin' room table: all glass so I'm gettin' all ass When y'all pass, see V-12's and haul ass Oo-Bay, I oo-day what I oo-day and don't care what a hater like you say Itch-day, ude-day want a ey-hay? O fle' like go away, that's what your daughter say I got fans in Ja-Pan, got land Block can't ice, hoes starin' like, 'Goddamn!' B-A-double L-one E-one R Two houses, one jeep, one car [Kelis 	Pharrell Williams] To the sunlight 	We can get down, baby, we get down To the moonlight 	Shake it, baby; shake it, baby To the sunlight 	Now bounce for me, baby; bounce-bounce for me, baby To the moonight 	I love the way that you do me, baby [Mr. Man] Check, yo See, I tore up the game when I jumped out the range Ice went bling from the watch to the chain Chicks on the dick like, 'What's that nigga' name?' I came here to bounce and to hollar at you, mami All in her ear like, 'Who b'ought you here? Wanna drink? Order two, I'ma be right there' Grab the glass real modest and flash the Cardiere Miss never seen a nigga like M-R-Dot Who spit? Got jewels, man? I'm icy-hot If you ball like me, shot-call like me? You got a girl, playa, and me? Ya girl like me I dance wit' her now and deal wit' hate later Differenciate the playa from y'all haters Reiterate the phrase again, 'Y'all haters' Who got chips and don't gotta sip, rollout wit' chicks, tell 'em hop in the whip [Kelis 	Pharrell Williams] To the sunlight 	We can get down, baby, we get down To the moonlight 	Now shake it, baby; shake it, baby To the sunlight 	Now bounce for me, baby; bounce-bounce for me, baby To the moonight 	Yo, I love the way that you do me, girl There's something about you, boy, that makes me want to be with you 	What you say, what you say? There's something about you, boy, that makes me want to be with you 	Come on, come on, yeah [Boobonic 	Mr. Man] Yo, yo 	We doin', show 'em what the game like Wonder what the fame like? 	Known for hittin' two to four chicks in the same night Chicks can't tell me nothin', I got head 	Niggas can't tell me nothin', I got bread Niggas upset, I know. His hoe wentchy She throw them to his face, I got him by four inches 	He real upset, mad and heartbroken 	She told me not to pay him no mind and keep strokin' Yo, can they fuck wit' us? 	Uh-uh Hit hoes wit' us? 	Uh-uh Rip shows wit' us? 	Uh-uh Get dough wit' us? 	Uh-uh 	Niggas upset and mad, I'm so fly-ie 	Playa, get it right, I'm like that 'til I die-ie Ayyo, see me at the bar wit' ice, blow they eye-ie Say you got hoes like me? Nigga, ya lie-ie Never be like us, nigga, but you can try-ie Grease as she come on, ya chick cock ri-ide [Kelis 	Pharrell Williams] To the sunlight 	We can get down, baby, we get down To the moonlight 	Shake it, baby; shake it, baby To the sunlight 	Now bounce for me, baby; bounce-bounce for me, baby To the moonight 	Yo, I love the way that you do it, girl There's something about you, boy, that makes me want to be with you 	Can't hear you, I can't hear you There's something about you, boy, that makes me want to be with you 	Nah, I gotta, come on 	All the girls 'round the world, c'mon There's something about you, boy, that makes me want to be with you 	I can't hear you, I can't hear you There's something about you, boy, that makes me want to be with you 	What? Let's go [Boobonic 	Pharrell Williams] "I know that's right, uh. Most Wanted, uh-huh. Neptunes, yeah, yeah, what?" 	"Come on, let's go." "Uh, come on. Uh, uh, uh, uh." 	"Let's go." "Yeah, yeah. Uh, uh-uh-uh." 	"What you mean? Let's go." "What? M-R, uh." 	"Come on, baby. Let's go. Yo, 'round the world. Most Wanted, 	Neptunes. We just startin', yo. Come on, girl. Let's go..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Philly's Most Wanted f/ Pusha T, Pharrell Album: Lil' G's 12" Song: Lil' G's Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com, eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] All you little G's please, I carry the ghostmaker You just a rapper, a yipper, a yapper When shit get tight you let them boys wire tap ya Don't wake up with two eyes and two barrels pointing at ya I keeps the ghostmakers, uh! muhfuckers! [Verse 1 - Boobonic] I'm from 6-0, N-e-s-t, OG, A all day We're the coke fiends, don't fringe Try to leave, and them bullets gon to spray your way That barbershop talk'll leave a nigga laid Cause I cuts on em, straight off the top, no fade You hating niggaz put the S in Shade While I picture baby mams in that Escalade And give em the lean, you acting out your best scene From the flicks that you grew up watching as a teen Meanwhile on the block we gets cream Seen more than most niggaz will ever by sixteen Tap the work from Pharrell to getting all the fame 40 cal in my Billionaire Boys Club jeans Back the fuck up chump, you ain't gon spray The last nigga woulda been 24 today [Verse 2 - Pusha T] Pusha's in a foreign land wit Señorita White sand beaches with teal two seaters Niggaz wanna hate like they under white sheet-as But I'll really put their ass under white sheet-ah 40 calibers delete ya! naptime! That nine turn that same wave line to flat line For just the calmest, bitches the fondest Canary color stones, diamonds look like they sick wit the jaundice Carefully match my neck like arm is Flash yellow trying to warn kids Hammers they could talk least I'll touch the Don kids We are three kings, y'all niggaz pay homage EGHCK!! - ghetto Sam Cook Souls Terror push, my connect look like Pele look Uh! change my style wit ease, niggaz thieves Kiss life goodbye now choke on this Desert Ease [Verse 3 - Mr. Man] Listen up, this is it homes The ghostmaker in my palm, that I grip on Shine chrome, wanna live, get ya sprint on Man it's best you run, like ol' G, Bobby Johnson son You get ya back treated gangsta Since a young buck, I had it sewn up But now I'm grown up, so you can hate that Or you can roll out, dope - I make that Used to take that, but show sold out Wollen Ave. is the place, where we hang out Shots rang out, pull that thing out You better bang back, or put you laid back Cause you ain't wit that, I make you fall flat Ain't no comin back, how you figure that Nigga see ya squad, won't support that, snort that Cause it's raw facts, I'm hooked up wit cats That will spit the Mac, outta Cadillac, shit like mmmm... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pusha T f/ 50 Cent, Pharrell Album: Fear of God Mixtape Song: Raid Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Pusha T] I'm only in the company of kings I made a power move and it's everything it seems Before 'Ye signed me, I was +getting out my dreams+ Standing on the shoulders of twenty-thousand fiends Every time a nigga wanna try and turn a profit folks rush in, three letters try and stop it F-B-I-R-S-D-E-A One letter short, but still motherfuck the D.A. We play by the rules as they try to crack the code Combination locks to the kilos that I hold Leopard print Louboutins prowling the concrete Rollerballs come alive just like Jumanji You know where to find me, Greenhouse, a circle of top whores Mandarin, Gansevoort, any of them top floors Thirty-five large, took it right out the top draw Still got a throwaway phone in my sock draw [Chorus: Pharrell] It's like raid, spraying on you roaches The AK is an animal, it is ferocious A nigga wanna sing, hope he is the dopest Watch that nigga disappear, hocus pocus Ring, ring, the nigga wanna sing Ring, ring, I keep that bitch clean Ring, ring, the nigga wanna sing 'Less he is an insomniac and dying to dream, huh? [50 Cent] Yeah, you can tell I went to school on a small yellow bus Never bothered me, strong arm robbery I went from powdered jelly donuts, to taking the most From my high school sweetheart, to fucking with hoes Look I'm all grown up, and I done blown up Nigga ain't much changed, in fact, things are the same I'm the definition of shooter, gun of choice the Ruger You'll take my word for it or make me do it to ya I'm a magnet to murder when I'm in the mood Get convicted through the forensics when you walk in my shoes I'm bad news, you niggas know the verdict I'm filthy, drop' Phantom is milky, white on white Twenty-four inch blades, I'm skating, red eye Smoking that bomb shit, I'm Satan, nigga, surprise 50 back on fire 50 back running round this bitch strapped, hitman for hire [Pusha T] I sit with the liars, duct tape and tires Been lost their soul, they just waiting on the fire Innocent faces with a shitload of priors Something out of nothing, a team full of MacGyvers  Deep-sea dive for the fishscale Tryna find a better price, man that ship sailed Take a breath and head back if that shit fail Drop weight like an anchor then you set sail Hell freeze over like the watch I put the sleeve over Engine double scream when I turn the key over Pirellis on the street rolling like a steam roller Bitches double team when I have my sleepovers Eghck, Re-Up Gang with the G-Unit This is tailor-made drug dealer, fiend music Test it on ya tongue or either watch a fiend do it I got you hooked and I laugh as you lean to it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ray J f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: This Ain't A Game Song: Formal Invite Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com, Sekzclusive@aol.com [Ray J] Yo, we got dirty on the brand new matress I had you walkin' round with your thong on backwards I know you felt surprised just how long I lasted Tellin' all yo friends that I'm a nasty bastard Yo, you know what I like, models and actresses You know the ones who scream "He loves me not" You know the ones with the Beamers and them tight ass spots The ones I see at the beach and be like "Yo, she hot" Baby pose, let me freeze the frame You can slide down my pole, let me easy the pain We can roll on the dubbies in the greasy Range And throw on a Avirex coat, and plain ???  And with that body ain't no tellin what I'd do to ya I'll have you moanin', while I'm groanin' With that body I can't help but to do ya And in the mornin' you'll be telephonin' me Show me the real meanin' of what horny means While I show you the opposite of what lonely brings The ice roll on mah neck makes my body bling Flippin' out while you doin' them gully things So tell me whachu doin' tonight Cuz we can do it again, yo you with it... aigh? Me, I know you like it when I'm feelin' aiight And tonight I'mma make you feel it, aiight? [Ray J] (Chorus)  Girl, whachu doin' tonight?  This is my formal invite  You should just come home to me, girl  Girl, whachu doin' tonight?  This is my formal invite  You should just come home to me, girl [Pharrell Williams] It's been a long time since I put Kelis out I been in VA puttin' them hundred grand beats out Payin' for the all glass-out beach house So you can see me gettin' head from the hottest piece out Ex-dyke, Dominican, say they from the Minigan Askin' me do I wanna send again ??? they, screwin' me on, watch yo heels girl Don't scratch my Louis Vuitton's ??? and when I'm in I touch yo chest you girls scream ??? She said she feenin' for leaves, so she can't breathe I don't smoke, but girl I keep bomb ass weed I change clothes, the same hoes that shop in Mangold's Gotta pull out my chain slow, cuz man that thang rolls My house, that they can see, ??? they can see Virginia is my home and my niggas my ADT's See my two dark, dark knees, and therefore light, lights ??? Girl you never seen no diamonds as bright like these I don't visit Jacob, my stuff be male enough So whachu think you tellin us? ??? so he can better me deals I shop in Beverly Hills so we can dress and we kill Watch the E! channel and see how this rockstar lives Who the next girl that wanna see this rockstar crib... c'mon... Repeat Chorus 3X [Ray J] Girl, ain't no need for you to be kinky You needa leave yo man alone cuz he's broke and wimpy You need to be with somebody like me Who can't ???, but I can ice yo pinky You know, you know, hang out with you You know, you know, lay down with you You know, you know, stay down with you And you can show them other girls what class'll get you... aiiiight? Repeat Chorus til fade... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Meek Mill, Pharrell, Stalley Album: Rich Forever (Mixtape) Song: MMG The World Is Ours Typed by: AZ Lyrics Here we are, the world is ours from the block to boulevard The rain is gone The rain is gone (wooh wooh) The rain is gone from the block to boulevard (wooh wooh) The rain is gone the rain is.. [Rick Ross] I'm feelin myself, hope you feelin me too God forgives and I don't Unforgettable dude I'm ballin my nigga, and that's word to your mama I want you to ride, definition of honor Honor that brother but murder these hoes Always pay your taxes, never pay these hoes Always making moves, I didn't make the rules I'm just making ends meet with this plate of food Went from spaghetti O's to a new set of Vogues Back to square one, we still was selling those My Tribe Called Quest, shit was nice dogg Gucci was Q-Tip, I was Phife dog On the world tours with all the wrong whores Had the right ideas, and all the wrong stores Timing is everything, rhyming is everything Geechi Liberace, put diamonds in everything [Pharrell] They say skateboard, you racist, you only hang with white Cubans Nonsense, that's the necklace nigga, the light's moving This is jewelry, that shit is foolery Frozen water on my neck nigga, who's cool as me? Up in mansions like the black Kurt Cobain My nigga Ross said he's the boss cause he works cocaine And under no certain circumstances Would the fastest of the diamonds not be disrespectful and hurt yo chain And your feelings, yeah they villains but I'm chillin I'm still a nerd, millions and millions and millions off a verse? My niggaz be stealin' and killin' and thrillin' for the birds Making deals squeezing life outta the next [?] I'm on my iPhone, bitches put their naked pictures on my iPad The doors go up and iGone Black boy scorin' his life, I'm scorin' the Oscars Remember I used to want a Pasha and eat some lobster But now I eat the apple, with my AP Your life and your wrist got the wrong timing, you hate me Says the little boy that loves you Who had the ashy feet Now wear the ashy white suit, out in fashion week Where the upper classes meet, thats just me I smash the beat.. [Meek Mill] Dedication and motivation Gave them motors to hate me Old homies betrayed me Running around saying they made me But when I had a quarter they had 4 and the baby It was a whole different story but fuck ‘em thme niggaz is shady Now I'm self-made, self-paid, and I give myself a raise Whole circle shining nigga, never had them selfish ways Never had nobody tell me "go and get a tummy shake" Had to learn on my own Ask my momma, I was gone Puffin purple getting stoned Tryna take the pain away Now its Rolls Royce's, umbrella's for a rainy day Old heads told me "young fella, this ain't the game to play!" Had to take a chance told the dealer “deal my hand” And now that nigga's gettin' murdered, shit is getting scary I put mirror tint all in the Ghost I'm screaming Bloody Mary! Nigga, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary, Bloody Mary Let 'em cross the line at scrimmage they get fucking buried They had me cutting through that field just like a Russian was playing with hammers, had them birds but we don't fuck with Larry I was just trying to ball, ducking D's and grinding raw But now I'm pulling up in that thing, them niggaz gone need some tylenol I'm gone! [Stalley] I'm staring at my notepad like goodbye to my broke past Words full of money, use dollar signs as my periods, I'm gettin money. Period! They said I got a old soul and I'm rich nigga spirited So one time for the old-timers and two for the new school Three for my geechie niggaz with big rollies in that new coupe Blowing on loud, sippin on that dirty juice With a trade deuce livin life like they ain't made loot Cuz whats here today could be gone tomorrow so I'mma get it myself I ain't known to ball, make sure my kids is straight in case I'm gone tomorrow Young Bonapart, I'm Noah dawg, like Chi Ali, dark shades like Cool Moe Dee Cool fly nigga is who I be Big chain with a bigger charm, leavin' with a bad chick under my arm Geechi Liberace, diamonds on everything, even my posse (diamonds on everything, even my posse) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Pharrell, Rockie Fresh Album: The Black Bar Mitzvah (Mixtape) Song: Presidential (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics I do take it so I'm the shit Just like a presidential I roll around The time is ours, it's really ours Take off the H, it's really ours Get money You know the crib on the water now The Maybach stay watered down Project niggas giving orders now The gold presidential just to sport around I'm from the era of fitted caps and rental cars Dope pushers with ambition and pretty broads Walking on Jewish marble, hand painted the ceiling Happy Hanukkah nigga, it's a wonderful feeling Got my seats on the wood, playas giving me gap Lyor like how I move, want her right in my lap I made a few mils, ain't mentioning Meek Went and bought a new crib the weekend Wale released Bitches, they keep coming Bilie Jean thumping I need to hear the trumpets, meaning machine gunning I ain't missing nothing, got her sipping something I could ship her something, you know that December coming I do take it so I'm the shit Just like a presidential I roll around The time is ours, it's really ours Take off the H, it's really ours Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high I'm a young fly nigga, slap it for my era I be touching hella bread like I'm working that pinera Got a bad bitch with, good green with me Travelling round the world but I'm coming from the city Where Kanye did it, Lupe did it Now Rockie Fresh is the next to get it Fresh pair of Jordans in my right side, spit it New gold Rollie, that was Rick Ross gifted Playin in my mind, they dreamin about a time when I get to try with Pharell like that will be dope as hell I styled man verses, I'm making these rappers nervous I love God but I can never work out the churches I'm just blind, shake these purses Running with the best set Sweaty letter ground swimming in the wet wet I keep er flying, in my bed is where she just sat Smoking with my bitch, it's where I'm thinking about my next check I do take it so I'm the shit Just like a presidential I roll around The time is ours, it's really ours Take off the H, it's really ours Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high They see me leaning in some new shit Now it's gold presidentials for the cruise ship Threesomes, weed crumbs on the cruise ship I'm a boss have you ass on a news clip She a dime but she gotta be a cool bitch Pony tail, red nails, still in school bitch Needed some cash so she asked me could she move shit Not a chance, whips got her talking foolish I was skipping them classes, but I got me a master I was gifted at math, always counted the fastest Fishscale made me major profit margins I'm a profit stuffing my pockets, you niggas starving Lord forgive me for my sins, I'm with this pretty bitch 80 grand, rubber band for some silly shit She on that Alexandra Wang Gold presidential Venus when I change the game I do take it so I'm the shit Just like a presidential I roll around The time is ours, it's really ours Take off the H, it's really ours Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high She wanna roll with a winner now So I let her roll with the windows down My nigga's up the road come and get it now 60-40 know we split it up the middle now Shawty's said the word, I was talking that talk Maybe link up in New York, that's awesome as fuck I never been in love until I heard a beat She never met a G until she heard of me 3rd floor projects, feel my point of view Everything is number 2, that's when it come to you Isabel Mirant sneakers 'til the summer through Fuck you on a yacht is what I wanna do Baby girl got that wet wet I repeat: wet wet I'm the boss and I'm on that White T, gold Rolex I do take it so I'm the shit Just like a presidential I roll around The time is ours, it's really ours Take off the H, it's really ours I do take it so I'm the shit Just like a presidential I roll around The time is ours, it's really ours Take off the H, it's really ours Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Put your Rollie in the sky and wave em high Her shoe game remarkable I feel solely responsible I feel solely responsible The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Robin Thicke f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Wanna Love You Girl 12" Song: Wanna Love You Girl Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell] Ho! [Verse - Robin Thicke] She's the kind of girl you wanna marry The kind of girl you'd walk the whole world for Put her on your back and just carry Her attitude is hotter than the earth's core When she's around nothing else matters Untouchable, she's got her own forcefield Sooner or later someone will get at her If I don't someone else will [Chorus - Robin Thicke] (2x) Wanna love you girl, wanna love you - girl Wanna love you girl, wanna love you Wanna love you girl, wanna love you - girl Wanna love you girl, wanna love you Ohh! ohh! ohh! ohh! ohh! ohh! ohh! ohh! [Verse - Robin Thicke] She's the kind of girl you wanna marry Scientists say that she's the second sunshine And now my life is sweeter than berries I guess if we have sex our love will turn to wine When she's around nothing else matters Even if the sky was at a stand still If I turn my back then someone will get at her If I don't someone else will [Bridge - Robin Thicke] (2x) Wanna love you girl, wanna love you (I'm so glad I found you - oh girl!) Wanna love you girl, wanna love you Wanna love you girl, wanna love you Wanna love you girl, ooo-ooh [Verse - Pharrell Williams] Uhh! picture this all Picture my life and my intention to ball Picture this ice and how it glitter for y'all Now don't you feel claustrophobic when that chick is involved? She changed your life - and your frame of mind Sorry I hope what I'm saying is fine We fuss but we take it one day at a time If there's a fire you know that she'll lay in the line I just, close my eyes and curve my mouth Open my mind and words come out You're eclectic, you're creative You the picture girl I just painted I got it, you name it, it's all paid for Big castle on the sea shore, with the Willy Wonka decor How this sound - Mr. and Mrs. Skateboard - P! [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rosco P. Coldchain f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: Delinquent 12" Song: Delinquent Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Repeat through intro) Star Trak, Star Trak - Star Trak [Intro: Pharrell Williams] Lord I've seen so many things That make me wonder why But if the Fettaralis comes to take my life Just give me the wings to fly And I'll say, to myself, yeah What a wonderful.. [Rosco P. Coldchain] Well well well, why don't you you roll your window down I want you to see this [PW:] When a nigga is delinquent with cash in hand   Even if it's just a couple of grams [RC:] Nigga do what I do, nigga drop that motherfucker   Pop that motherfucker! [Verse: Rosco P. Coldchain] I done squeezed more guns than Charleton Heston And if you niggaz mouths persist to run on, I'm a continue to step on Every limb on, every inch of yo body You better hope the outlaw better never go broke You fuck around you be the one being smacked around wit a gun No joke slick, I'll shoot your papa and tie your mama up Whoop out an eight and pull out a straight, bitch take a hit of this coke Now, I advise you niggaz to chill My percentile rises in the battle field Your gangsta rating declining when it's time to kill You rewindin, is it Rosco's rounds you feel? Your eyes blinded, not from the ice but the light from my steel Ya'll niggaz never seen real bread The Stroheman type that buy car, brick Home and bikes, all at the same time I haven't either Basically what I'm saying I'll jam you, one Desert Eagle Uhh, coat change Jack! [Chorus] (2x) [Verse: Rosco P. Coldchain] Why did the dickhead cross the road? Man I hit 'em with a 12 gauge And I didn't give him a chance to reload That's what inexperienced gangstas get for playing a role You hatin on my dough? Look now there goes an angel taking your soul Fuck you, your fun, and your 4.6 I can push a renter, peel 'em wit guns and still be the shit It'll be nice to be rich, but I'd rather be well off A half a pile raw, house in Conshohocken In a rimmed Impala I roll with thugs and thieves Not the petty kind but the ones that'll make you get on your knees And pursaude you with their thundering pound To give up your valuables or they gunning you down I wanna leave the pullitzers even though you cooperated They still letting off rounds Now in your own matter you drown Greed and insanity drove me to start killing you clowns 41 caliber slugs stuck in your bladder now Clipse, Rosco P. - we platinum bound [Chorus] (2x) [Verse: Rosco P. Coldchain] You niggaz would love to see me gone In a plastic bag ligaments torn But bitch I pop more niggaz than I pop Perkisets Thump on you so hard I'll make it seem like Even if you were strapped your hammer just ain't working right Bullets coming in flurries, fiends coming in a hurry At a quarter to four in the morning, knocking at my crackhouse door Neighbors waking up yawning, secretly calling the police Draw'n, and that fact I'm ignorin Like I'm not running a 24-Hour drugstore Like I ain't got enough guns to take on an armed force Remmington will leave ya mind simmering In a fine blood sauce when I'm pissed off Which is all the time so you better get lost I ain't got a fine line These slugs will leave ya twitching like a schitz' and smoke his jaw You dealing with a repeat feloner If we can't see eye to eye, I'm a sea level ya And I mean that, deado The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Tre' Little, Pharrell, Kelis Album: Build and Destroy Song: Feels Good Typed By: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Royce] + (Pharrell) Feel good don't it (Neptunes) Royce 5'9" baby (Royce da 5'9'!) My nigga Tre' Little (Yeah, where you at) What, what, my girl she's putting it down baby [Verse 1 - Royce da 5'9"] + (Girl) + (Pharrell *Ad-libs*) It's looking like, it's another summertime, everybody wanna rhyme Long day, short night, ain't nobody done in time I know what you wanna find (Ladies) with a underline Knock ya self out playa, long as it ain't none of mine (Ladies) I know what you want, fellas wit they whips out Don't walk, don't get caught, jealous, wit ya dick out No wonder you in the fog, trying see who come through You only got a mont' or two, to do what you wanna do (Ladies) wear tight shit, I'm tellin' y'all I like this I got about thirty thugs, to get in the hype wit Backyard barbeques, (Ladies) looking eighteen Too cute to eat meat, plate full of baked beans Fellas, we the opposite, gotta give me lots of it Suck the chicken bone, from the bottom to the top of it We don't want the day to end, knowin' we gon' play again And again, and again, and again (Come on, come on, yeah) [Chorus - Kelis] + (*Ad-libs* in background) Doesn't it feel good, to see us make money Feel good, like everything sunny Feel good, to see us taking off Doesn't it feel good to see us war If they can take it from us at all And if you breathing (we transform?) Say la-da-de-da-la-de-da-de-da-de-daa [Verse 2 - Tre' Little] Slow down y'all relax, enjoy this life Paper stacks, where they at, come on, enjoy this life I know it's hard when you ballin' from, obstacles Police, women, haters, it's like impossible I came along way dog, this shit is hard to ball Gettin' here for my life, this for all of y'all Back to the block, and everything good in the hood Drop ya top, I'm saying, this one's for the hood Put yo guns in yo stash, you don't need 'em today Put the ice grills up, you don't need 'em today All you need is icey rims, the games we play Attract women, it feels good, just the games we play They love it dog, thugs still havin' fun y'all Too hot, summertime, why you tryna brawl Feels good dog, roll 'til the wheels fall off Hot Detroit, I'm pretty sure it's hot by y'all [Chorus - Kelis] + (*Ad-libs* in background) [Bridge - Kelis] + (Tre') + (Pharrell) In style, (Without a doubt) (Yo, 5'9") In style, (Without a doubt) (Yeah, come on) In style, (Without a doubt) (Ha, ha, ha, yo, yeah) In style, (Without a doubt) (Neptunes, 5'9") (La-da-de-da-la-de-da-de-da-de-daa) [Verse 3 - Royce da 5'9"] + (*Ad-libs* in background) I say my crew won't stop, we won't stop Piece stay on the lot, thing don't drop We shake it in the park, right in front of the Rover We gon' do it everyday, 'til the summer is over Yeah not my type, winter or fall It's the summertime, so I'ma give you a call So tell all ya friends let's do it again And again, and again, and again [Chorus x2 - Kelis] + (*Ad-libs* in background) [Bridge - Tre' Little] + (Pharrell) ... Without a doubt (Nine, elevens) ... Without a doubt (Yo, the hottest it ever get, huh) ... Without a doubt (Can't stop, ice cubes on our wrists) ... Without a doubt (Huh, yeah, come on) La-da-de-da-la-de-da-de-da-de-daa [Royce + Pharrell + Tre' *Ad-lib* until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ La Femme Nakita, Pharrell, Kelis Album: Build and Destroy Song: Make This Run Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus x2 - Pharrell] + (Kelis) If you love my niggaz I'm saying but, if you only love my niggaz We can make this run, for my niggaz And if you die, hope you'll fly high (Don't worry baby, I'll make this money for you) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Make me an offer I can't refuse, pistol is wild Pretty face, no mask, undeniably fit for the job Bitch wit a heart, ready to thump, money is king Wit my lap on the throne strokin' a cat, runnin' a scheme [Pharrell] My niggaz get high off the reefer, and quick to heat ya If ya feel ya cold-blooded, I got something to heat ya It's called a hollow tip, dum, dum, follow clip and numb some If you don't know the language, then don't speak the gun dun [La Femme Nakita] Eyes like black chips of glass, little wit an unholy light Ya chances of survival, like a roll of these dice Execution style, ski-mask, no smile Throw the ace, in the hidden safe, up under the towel [Royce Da 5'9"] + (La Femme Nakita) We definitely blow, stick wit me, know ya limitations Speak when spoke up, stay away from the rest of these hoes You ready to kill (No doubt) these niggaz is jerks Broke niggaz wit cheap guns, and triggers that work [Pharrell] If ya pops share my, cli-ker, carry street sweepers And hit ya more times than the worthless bitch, on ya beeper Revenge is that bitch, and she won't come lesser than So if ya hit me, God'll get me and give me breath again, bitch, get it right [Chorus x2] w/ (Pharrel ad-libs) [Verse 2 - Pharrell] Niggaz wanna see me lying hurt, wanna stain my Hawaiian shirt 'Cause I put it out, they supplying dirt Two German Black bitches, begging y'all to try and flirt Rude and twins, and all they rock is iron skirts [La Femme Nakita] My bitches got mo's of alley cats, armed wit steel bats And mo's is stealing stacks, double back, and tally that When shit go down, don't expect me to run Never forget dun, two guns, is better than one [Royce Da 5'9"] This money is golden, low and behold, blowing holes Through what I'm standing in front of you holding, niggaz know Trench coats in Detroit summers, you gotta mean nigga Wit long guns, you gon' run nigga, run [Pharrell] If I die nigga, slit my back so my wings can come out And fly nigga, sky high nigga, age is my gun If I keep fuckin' her, I might die wit her If you shoot me and my wings come out, then that's a fly stitcher [Royce Da 5'9"] Stay on ya toes, I got diamonds to watch, frukit niggaz I took it ol' school, got the 5-9 in the box Dog, let me catch a nigga eyeing my watch What I'm firing's hot, just aim, and rely on the dot [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - Pharrell] Fifty karat link-link, mad 'cause ya lead kink Me and my bitch is frozen, regardless to her pink mink Freeze ya eyeballs, you don't want a part of that Cardiovascular, VVS heart attack [La Femme Nakita] Would you blast for me, put up the cash for me Out in the world dodging bullets, become a casualty For ten bricks shit, twenty-four furs, and ten whips I flip and sends shit, through bitches appen-dix [Pharrell] For my beach fifty grand, I'm laughing at that advance I spent that at Dolce, on shirts, shades, and leather pants Million dollar deals, Lord I'm scared my life's changing Cupid's cousin, money keeping shooting, wit nice aimin' [La Femme Nakita] It's no sane, this drug game, flourished, niggaz transform And hide into courage, but they blows be malnourished Let's see who get the furbus, bag annoys ass nigga Extra, like you surplus [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Royce + Pharrell + La Femme Nakita) Huh, I come dirt, anyone under one-thirty, ya slapped Ain't even gun worthy, fuck yo niggaz I'm the king of this shit, thuggin, let's get these moneys And make niggaz dearly beloved (I love my niggaz) [Chorus x6] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da5'9 f/ Clipse, Pharell Williams, Tre-Little Album: Rock City Song: Mr. Baller Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Pharell] Nah man, we don't take our chains off...nah We're here to make noise! We're here to make noise With VA and Detroit boys We're here to make noise We're here to make noise! Nigga, we're here to make noise With VA and Detroit boys [Pusha T] Twin Nina Ross sisters Promise to never miss ya Hit ya thirty-four times to make your skin blister Extended clips, cocked back quick to chrome sisters You wild fire gunnin' bin barrels with rogue pistols Walkin' contradiction like "quiet noise" No words eyes blurred with my diamonds pores Four karats in these ears make you call your boys While I'm surrounded by bitches with guns and sex toys Blind love for money, head, and warm steel Coke off the boat wrapped in banana peels Life's so pricey, it's sendin' ya body chills And we baptize cars, put hollows through windshields [Hook x2] [Pharell] I'm Mr. Baller, nigga I'm Mr. Baller What's you talkin' bout nigga you see a baller Fuck that bullshit nigga cuz I'm a baller I take on all y'all nigga Now that's a baller [Tre-Little] Hollow tip what? Y'all cats don't want none I wanna see God, first come and meet my gun Life's a bitch Diamonds to shine (fucka) to shit Detroit, paradise if you roll wit my clique Otherwse, it's hell Ain't no escapin' the trips They gotta gun, good You'a need it in the land of the trench Pick 'em up, fuck 'em up Every man for theyself Unless you cheat wit a crew similar to myself We in the "to be" killa zone, playin' the D Lovin' the D Out-a-towners hatin' the D I die for the D If I could I'd fuckin' marry the D Stick my dick in the streets And nut a bomb in the D [Malice] You lookin' at at least 50 grand in your face And if you thought any less, just know you made a mistake They done told you wrong, Clipse in the grey Yukon Don't mistake this style for hot and it ain't lukewarm We gets busy Whether dressed in "crocdile" or Lizzie You can catch a hot ball from an all black Lizzie Start flamin', watch they cats start they explainin' Should've know, when around my dogs, tuck yo chain in Any time you look, bet you find us in whips Diamonds and shit, break scams from the finest of chicks Royce and Neptunes sick like dead babies in restrooms Malice and Dome Sheist, y'all niggaz is flesh wounds [Hook x2] [Royce Da5'9] Well, uh I was trained to hang 'til the raid is over Roll wit nuttin' but a whole brigade of soldiers I was young holdin' guns, I kept one wit me In the flatbed in the back of an F-150 I see three and the six, me and the Clipse Squeeze off, pop the guns, you seein' the tips Ride wit me, nigga die wit me Yo this money's the easiest shit to get in this world beside pussy That'll cost you, my whole crew will stomp you to death Wearin' cleats until you look like a waffle I won the battle The first nigga to ever get the cover of "The Source" And the cover of "Guns and Ammo" Burn you alive Soon as you and the fire collide Hit me, it'll just be a nigga hired to die Plus I ball, I'm ignorant dogg I'm a muthafuckin' star, nigga suck my balls (Suck my muthafuckin balls!) [Hook x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9 f/ Pharrell, Tre' Little Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: Off Parole Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Royce talking w/ (Pharrell)] Be quiet (Yeah) I know what you thinking (Yeah) Who the hell is that (Yeah) You in the club minding ya own business (Yeah) And out of nowhere you here this (Yeah) How you supposed to act (Yeah) Neptunes (Yeah) Royce 5'9 (Yeah) It's my year baby, uh (Uh) [Verse 1 - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] Twelfth grade rode around, started out small (Uh) My father told me, before you walk, you gotta crawl (Uh) We was all outlaws wit our fists balled (Uh) We couldn't even count bars, we was just raw (Uh) MCer's battlin' at the club, for the plug Rappin' for the other rappers, strictly for the love That was cool 'til my life turned, and got tough I got a girl, got serious, got her knocked up (Uh) Uh oh, reality check, hold up (Uh) I gotta figure out a way, to get this dough up (Uh) I don't want my son to hate me, when he grow up (Yeah) So I gotta blow up, and leave it to' up (5'9, baby) I listened to my pops, whenever it got hard (Yeah) He said look if you gon' be a star, be a star (Yeah) I got hot, got a deal took rap (Yeah) Took the whole city wi me, and never looked back, baby (Uh) [Chorus - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) [Verse 2 - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] Yo, yo, it's all simple, make a million off the intro (Ugh) Y'all don't want it, 'cause you still say ya fin' to (Ugh) I'm finna blow, like this shit is so mental (Yeah, ugh) That's your life, your problem, and your pencil Cut the jokes, everybody wanna be rich (Whoo) You a fool if you don't, you see this (Bitch) Look at this chain, this bracelet, you hear me (Bling, bling) I don't won't respect, I want you to fear me (Yeah) Now look at me, this shit is getting real now (Uh) I want your money, I'ma spit what you can feel now (Uh) I tell the truth, so I guess I keep it real now (Uh) You thought I was ill befo', now I'm ill now (Come on baby) Come on wit it, I can afford to kill now (Afford, baby) Look at my son, ask him how he feel now (How you feel) It's real now, daddy's got a pill now Wave bye-bye we out of the hood, (Bye) what the deal now (Uh) [Chorus - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Yeah) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole [Bridge - Tre' Little w/ (Pharrell)] Detroit came up, you know we hot (Uh) 30 years where it became a big lot (Uh) 600s on chrome, you don't stop (Uh) Detroit we just hot (Come on) Young niggas stay fly at all times (Uh) Hoes 21 and under with gangsta rides (Uh) Keep our guns by our sides at all times (Uh) Detroit we just fly (Rock City) [Verse 3 - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] Yo you would love for me and you to switch places won't cha (Uh) You love hatin' don't cha, hate just to hate, don't cha (Uh) In the clubs yelling loud, like you wanna fight (Uh) But I just whisper, you ain't trying to die tonight (Naw, baby) I'm the king, yo I'm like the son of Jesus We got guns, and we'll use 'em, so please believe it (Yeah) Last had to try me, yeah I looked passed him But notice he's nowhere around, for you to ask him (Ha, ha, ha) Long as I gotta crew, and two in the safe baby (Yeah) You could scream 'til you BLUE in the face baby (Yeah) We getting ours, we don't care who in the way baby (Yeah) Lock and key, ain't nothin' you could save baby We don't want the bitches dog, we just want the honeys (Whoo) And we don't want the game neither, we just want the money It makes sense don't it, the blocks wit me (What) Welcome to the new world, Detroit Rock City (Yeah) [Chorus - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Detroit Rock City) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Bring it back baby, uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole [Bridge - Tre' Little w/ (Pharrell)] Detroit came up, you know we hot (Uh) 30 years where it became a big lot (Uh) 600s on chrome, you don't stop (Uh) Detroit we just hot (I hear you, baby) Young niggas stay fly at all times (Uh) Hoes 21 and under with gangsta rides (Uh) Keep our guns by our sides at all times (Uh) Detroit we just fly (Pharrell) Click, click, blaow (Uh) Click, click, blaow (Uh) Click, click, blaow (Uh) How you like us now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diggy Simmons f/ Lupe Fiasco, Pharrell Album: Airborne (Mixtape) Song: Oh Yeah! Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro - Lupe Fiasco] Diggy, what's good man It's your big brother, Lupe Long time coming It's like the future meets the future, the future Ya heard With some of that laid back light up some of that (?) (?) You know some of that make you wonder Make you ponder What's he on Most likely what's beyond ya It's a beautiful thing [Verse 1 - Lupe Fiasco] This gone a fine right See it in my minds eye Black man in a white man's world, blind sight! Sweeter than (?) pies Look how fast the time flies Where you gonna be when the parties over and the wine dries Yeah we got nine lives But they got nine knives We only get one chance and they get 9 tries Tell you that dimes fly Baby girls a fine price All I see is money when I look inside this dimes eye Life's a bitch I'll be rich if I make her cry Tears of tissue turns to money if you let it dry Increase my work if she get hurt I'll make a fortune if she dies Take her off of that machine I'll benefit from her demise Damn, that's how we are Take a life then buy out the bar So lets celebrate Lets make a toast To succeed in life just make a ghost [Chorus - Diggy Simmons] Oh yeah [repeated] I got it like They screaming like I can't hear ya, louder I got it like They screaming like Turn it up Oh yeah You hear the crowd They want it now I puts it down, oh yeah Owooh oh yeah yeah Owooh oh yeah yeah Oh yeah oh yeah [Verse 2 - Pharrell] The one metatronic Mind control's sonics Davis and Shapira(?) if your tryna get me on it Bitches miss me they on it Haters just leave a comment And if how I (?) make you sick of me. vomit Let me finish my composite As the game change it's interesting how odd the cards get Such a random thing and so ironic I used to oh yeah, trying to defy logic Trying to be the birdy, Jay said it was too early Just trying to tell you what's happening, Shirly I use my gut when my vision gets murky Help me, but thank you Lord at the same time Mercy Excuse my french I guess I am not worthy Quietly watch your number like your watch, observe me Often misunderstood you often get me wrong Y'all tryna get it in, I'm tryna get it on Life is your wife that keep calling me saying you did it wrong Life don't suck, suck life till her titty gone You niggas mission wrong Plus you misinformed Hanging under assholes you get shitted on [Chorus - Diggy Simmons] Oh yeah [repeated] I got it like They screaming like I can't hear ya, louder I got it like They screaming like Turn it up Oh yeah You hear the crowd They want it now I puts it down, oh yeah Owooh oh yeah yeah Owooh oh yeah yeah Oh yeah oh yeah [Verse 3 - Diggy Simmons] Uh, ahead of time, sometime like a pre-me And I got the co-sign from the (?) I don't see none of y'all, you see me Y'all can't see me you Stevie Blow up and I make it look easy Yeah I'm so wack cause I'm on TV If I am such an amateur, when I come around what you panic for? Cause you know I'm hotter than a planets core Hands are sore from writing ice Colder than a winters lighting device My clock is mantle and my timing's tight I know you think Lupe's writing right But I'm this nice, foolish thoughts Got more class than a school is taught You haters talk out your cheeks I call it (?) I hold it down in the streets I rep that New York Just a young-un that's doing his thing So why are you distraught I got you buster's so gusted Cause I wasn't so much (?) (?) Don't watch me, watch the repeats You ain't ready now I think I'm Big Meech! [Chorus - Diggy Simmons] Oh yeah [repeated] I got it like They screaming like I can't hear ya, louder I got it like They screaming like Turn it up Oh yeah You hear the crowd They want it now I puts it down, oh yeah Owooh oh yeah yeah Owooh oh yeah yeah Oh yeah oh yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Skillz f/ Clipse, Missy Elliott, Pharrell Williams Album: Tony Touch - True Gangsta (Import) Song: Crew Deep (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Skillz] (Missy) Uh, yeah, remix, you know what it is, yeah It's the V-A, huh, remix, oh, yeah, aha, let's go You know (remix), oh, come on, check me out, uh [Malice] (Skillz) Patty cake, patty cake, V-A got plenty weight (whoo) Clipse and S-K-I double can only mean trouble (yeah) Hot like the eye on the storm, we gon' bubble (uh) Platinum is the jewel and plus we goin' double V-A, where the deer and the antelope play But you can still get your cantelopes sprayed (uh) Quick to show a nigga it ain't sweet down here Better change your way of thinking fore ya creeps round here [Pusha-T] (Skillz) Uh, Pusha, I keep more cain in the street Than the elderly and weak I put myself out of reach (uh), flow more sicker Ghetto rich, I brought shame to the beach (uh) Press your luck, twin blocks is tucked (aha) Call the crew ? cause they black as fuck (whoo) Tell me how y'all feel Clipse with Skillz, V-A love for real [Missy] (Skillz) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (uh) My click D double-E to the P (remix), BLAOW! I put two in your side (yeah) Flow in ya dough in ya motherfucking ride (remix) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (oh) My click D double-E to the P (remix) [Pharrell] (Skillz) I thought I told y'all dudes before Y'all dudes can't mess with me (Pharrell) Jamaican ? (uh), crimes and loot Mei Mei kitty speedin' me shampoo While y'all niggaz were shootin' pictures of Puffy (uh) I was shootin' niggaz on my little brother's huffy Y'all ? break ya uh uh, personally wake ya uh uh (yeah) I'm magic with the gun then ha, I'll make ya huff blast Sex, nigga, don't be a courageous fuck, uh uh (whoo) Cause a-k-a nigga, I A-K ya up On the campus I ? you Winnin', grinnin', spinnin' like champions do Oh, keep bitches on lock like the figure folds (uh) Come on, you ever seen a motherfuckin' brick of dough (whoo) The angels want me but I ignore them in my head (yeah) I still give my niggaz chills when they remember what I said Demand you have to take me up just know that that exist I said please look out for my kids cause I ain't givin' up shit (oh) [Missy] (Skillz) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (yeah) My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! (remix) I put two in your side (uh) Flow in ya dough in ya motherfucking ride (uh, V-A baby) Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me (yeah) My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! (remix) I put two in your chest (aha, uh) Ain't no other yet cause I'm the motherfucking best (yeah, remix, Skillz) [Skillz] (Missy) Yo, S-K-I, uh, L-L-Z, uh If you hollerin' at me you gotta holler at the V, oh A that is, uh, who gettin' hotter than we Picture me on 106 and I ain't hollerin' at Free, like (HOLLA!) Ha, while I refuse to speak We need helmets and shoulder pads cause my crew so deep Niggaz sweep, I can't affect your props in the streets, uh When I smack you, ya sound set will drop next week, oh Ya remix sick, uh, we can tell You got Clipse, Skillz, Missy and Pharrell, uh And we grindin' weaponary team, aha The way I keep switchin' throwbacks you think I had a time machine, oh That's how we do in the south That's why ya favorite rapper keep askin' me when I'm a come out, uh I'm still pimpin' the beats, uh, I'm like Kane And this the V-A version of the symphony, let's go [Missy] Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! I put two in your side Flow in ya dough in ya motherfucking ride Y'all don't really wanna fuck with me My click D double-E to the P, BLAOW! I put two in your chest Ain't no other yet cause I'm the motherfucking best The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sleepy Brown f/ Big Boi, Pharrell Williams Album: Life of a Hustler 12" Song: Margaritas Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Verse - Big Boi] Five o'clock, but I stopped at 4:59 Twist a date and some haze, got a car from Sleepy Brown Brown See it's going down downtown at the lounge It's definately crowded with that happy our crowd Drinks for a dollar, everybody buzzin couzin Spitting like a major league pitcher trying to cut something Only throwing balls, no strikes for tonight So walk into the Chevy for some heavy petting let's ride! To my underground bungalow, approach the mound Baby I'm the "head" coach now, wow! baby need a cold wet towel Pharrell's on the way so stay and play a while Yeah.. uh, Sleepy Brown, Pharrell, Big Boi [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] I been working all day, now I'm done so see ya! It's time for play, name the place I'll meet ya! We can do the bar, sip Margaritas Stay on the floor, go when we feel right Aren't you feeling nice? Doesn't it feel nice?! Is everybody HIIIGH?! [Verse - Sleepy Brown] Go on baby, do your thing now Sitting at the bar, where were you hanging? I wonder if, you know I want you Cause everything you do is so good too Like the way you run your fingers (over that glass) Ooh the way you look over (your shoulders when you dance) I'm trying to get the nerve, to talk to you So maybe we can, find something to do [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] I been working all day, now I'm done so see ya! It's time for play, name the place I'll meet ya! We can do the bar, sip Margaritas Stay on the floor, go when we feel right Aren't you feeling nice? Doesn't it feel nice?! Is everybody HIIIGH?! [Verse - Sleepy Brown] Don't worry baby, I'm here my lady Starin at your eyes, trying to read your mind Don't you realize? I'm right for you That type for you, one - that - makes All your dreams reality baby (we'll go as planned) Then we'll turn this thing into a (serious romance) I'm - here for you my babe, what do you need? You're every wish, ooh girl I would need [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] I been working all day, now I'm done so see ya! It's time for play, name the place I'll meet ya! We can do the bar, sip Margaritas Stay on the floor, go when we feel right Aren't you feeling nice? Doesn't it feel nice?! Is everybody HIIIGH?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Already Platinum Song: Already Platinum Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell Williams] Ha-ha-ha-hah hah hah hah hah [Intro - Slim Thug] Yeah! Yeah! Slim Thugga! I don't think they ready for this beat We gon take them boys to Texas right quick [Verse - Slim Thug] You know Tha Boss talk shit, walk shit, floss shit Like it don't cost shit, that's why I'm Tha Boss bitch Got a million worth of cars, bought a million dollar house From making words rhyme out my million dollar mouth You can see the watch gloss when you see Tha Boss walk I keep my lips closed cause it cost when I talk I'm so flashy, rims so glassy Pull the dropper out, we gon show them boys nasty Hood rats harrass me, I don't want the drama They wanna get put up so they could be me baby mama But I'm a chill, I'd rather work wood wheel And throw them vogues and grills on candy automobiles I'm still tipping on vogues, closing candy blue doors From the old caddy coupe to the new blue Rolls I'm from the hood living good, so I'm pimping I ain't got my plaque in yet, but I'm already platinum [Chorus - Slim Thug] (2x) Mayne I'm already platinum Mayne I'm already platinum You know I'm already platinum Mayne I'm already platinum [Verse - Pharrell Williams] Skating ass mister, money making ass mister That Star Trak sign getting way damn bigger Put Snoop in a coupe, I put Slim in a slab I put them motherfuckers out wit that one-two jab Wit the - glamorous jewels, wit the chandelier hues Everytime I wave my wrist it makes the channel 3 news In that 100 EX, that two-door shit Look in my rear view, listen you're too close Thicke You got it wrong, I don't touch the heaters Though my Ice Cream sneakers got the drug dealer beepers Don't let your Ego eat ya, shh! let me teach ya All that brrrr make ya chest look just like some pizza Huh!! You see what's happening, we King Kong smashing em When new bitches is on my arm, the paparazzi is snapping em The future's ours - and yours is blackening Me and Tha Boss nigga, we already platinum [Verse - Pharrell Williams] You ain't saying shit, you're weak and prom too I'm making money making beats, and plus I pop too Playa chill, don't get ya body chopped & screwed Have ya sucking through a straw just to opt for food About face and walk our way on too Let the ladies in here do what they gon do Seem like my wrist been dipped in diamond fondue It's not just me, my man got one too [Verse - Slim Thug] I got my mind on cash and my grind on smash Nowadays I gotta count my money by the bags I done ran through the rags, now I get to see riches Went from having rats to the superstar bitches Used to never leave out them Northside blocks Now I'm going to parties in Miami on yachts And the grind don't stop, everytime you hear me rapping Without the plaque in, I'm still already platinum [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] It feels so good ma, ma to be platinum Ha-ha-ha-hah hah hah hah hah EVS diamonds and Bentley macking Ha-ha-ha-hah hah hah hah hah So sick this VSOPN a passion Ha-ha-ha-hah hah hah hah hah And after that you and I will be smashing Ha-ha-ha-hah hah hah hah hah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Pharrell Album: Already Platinum Song: Dedicate Typed by: Lil Hustle [Slim Thug] My nigga Sleep Dog, you showed a young nigga how to ball Never settled for small, my dog had it all I can't believe you gone, I'm trying to stay strong Damn what the fuck went on, when you went wrong I remember the call on my phone, saying my nigga was gone I never seen Corn and Sha, look so alone This was the worst day, you died on Cogo birthday It hurt me, to see that look on they face We all gathered on the block, everybody in shock That day, it felt like the world came to a stop We lost a major dude, one of our click team captains I got numb, when I heard how it happened damn Fake niggaz and hoes showing up, like they feel how we feel Still trying to be down, but shit we know who all real We don't want no more friends, our family complete We just got one sleeping six feet deep, my nigga [Hook] It's fucked up when a dog gotta die, when he trying to get his bone I dedicate this to my niggaz gone You know the type that just try to keep a steak on the table, while they home I dedicate this to my niggaz gone This for my niggaz on the left and right of Jesus, while he sitting on his throne I dedicate this to my niggaz gone And to them niggaz that shot ya when we see you, best believe that it's on I dedicate this to my niggaz gone [Pharrell] My nigga use to ride with me (yep), get high with me (yep) And fly with me (yep), slice them pies with me (yep) Spray them guys for me (yep), and die for me (yep) But (damn fool), why this way [Slim Thug] I'm still not over my nigga Stessa, Stank you still missed My life was getting a lot better, until I ran into this A tragedy a gangsta, my nigga had to be Lil' Cheif don't know what's going on, and shit that's sad to see Cortiana a star, we gon watch over her man Courtney, she kinda know but she don't really understand What's going on, I-Pop and Heaven at home My nigga kept his family first, so I know where he gone He left Corn with a lot to look after, he can take it Not from your mother but we your brothers, so I know you gon make it You got Sha you got Chad, you got Troy you got me Ray, Ed, Mo, Shannon and Kenny G We your family nigga, so wipe the tears from your eyes Stay focused get your paper, and stay on the rise You a hustler, and a jacker can't take that Your brother Sleep gone, cause haters hate my nigga [Hook] [Pharrell] My nigga use to ride with me (yep), get high with me (yep) And fly with me (yep), slice them pies with me (yep) Spray them guys for me (yep), and die for me (yep) But (damn fool), why this way [Slim Thug] We had to wait crying, our dog a victim of a hate crime These haters hate, cause he shined at all times Seeing the way Sleep Dog ball, made a nigga chase paper Remember the day you gave me your chain, at my show at The Maker Get your shine on youngster, we love to see that When I put candy on the Excursion, he loved to see that We showed up, Sleep part of the reason I blowed up When them haters saw how hard we ball, they fold up He lived life to the fullest, everything to the extreme Done so much, I think my nigga ran out of dreams From cars clothes to hoes, competition is none We had fun, like Nelly say we number one I know Sha gon hold your name, and keep the click on game Now I don't like to ride solo, I stay with a gang Went from a sawed off gauge, to three AK's believe that [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Already Platinum Song: I Ain't Heard of That Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] Muhfuckers we them!! STAARRR TRAAAK RIIIDERS YEAH!!! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Chorus - Slim Thug] I don't take 'em out to eat I ain't here to trick or treat I ain't trying to fix your weave I ain't heard of that!! I'm just here to train ho's Put 'em on the main road Teach 'em how to 'Change Clothes' I know you heard of that!! Change your whole attitude It's time to take off your cool If it make you wanna move, then move My niggaz get up on it, live bitches throw it back Ma, act like you want it I know you heard of that!! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm the Young Texas A-Rod, KG of the game LeBron James, you niggaz must not know my name I'm Slim Thugger motherfucker! Tha Big Boss of the South And I don't just talk it wit my mouth I back it up wit my vow Before Jimmy cut the check, it was 50 on my neck And over 50 in my ear, I'm the Rookie of the Year I'm here - for the 'Takeover', not out to replace Hova But there's a new hustla in town, yeah the break's over Don't get me confused wit the rest of them dudes I've been Tha Boss down South, I'm just new to a few Please believe, them niggaz don't do what I do I got everything them other rappers got times two (WHOO! C'MON!) [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm that new problem outta Houston, you got word of that? It's Slim Thug and Neptunes, I know you heard of that Ask your girl, she'll tell ya the truth Your boys cool, but you can't fool wit the Boyz-N-Blue I got something on my neck worth more than yo house I got something in my yard worth more than yo spouse I got something on my wrist worth more than ya team And that car you think clean ain't worth more than my ring (hold up!) Who yo know roll Bentley 'fore the album drop? And still got a few from Pharrell to make the album hot? (Slim Thug!) Yeah I hear y'all but don't see you niggaz Y'all just making words rhyme, y'all ain't seeing these figgas!! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] Go on and move your cool if you want to (get out your seat girl) Go on and make your moves if you want to (I said get up) You can act a fool if you want to, you know you wit them STAARRR TRAAAK RIIIDERS YEAH!!! [Verse - Slim Thug] You rolling clean? I saw the shit you drive You need to call MTV and tell 'em pimp your ride I'm tired hearing all y'all wimps wit all y'all lies Fake niggaz dissapear, real niggaz let's ride I'm rich bitch like Dave Chapelle Ask Geffen and Interscope why I gave 'em hell My advance was more than most rappers get paid from sales I made 'em pay for all the days I was living in hell, yeah! Now my estate sit on top of the lake It feels great, I got an R&B chick as my mate (Thugger!) I does it big my nig, I deserve a plaque It's Boss Hogg Outlawz, I know ya heard of that!! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Bun B, Pharrell Williams Album: Already Platinum Song: I Ain't Heard of That (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Pharrell Williams] STAARRR TRAAAK RIIIDERS YEAH!!! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Chorus - Slim Thug] + Bun B I don't take 'em out to eat I ain't here to trick or treat I ain't trying to fix your weave I ain't heard of that!! I'm just here to train ho's Put 'em on the main road Teach 'em how to 'Change Clothes' I know you heard of that!! Change your whole attitude It's time to take off your cool If it make you wanna move, then move My niggaz get up on it, live bitches throw it back Ma, act like you want it I know you heard of that!! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm the Young Texas A-Rod, KG of the game LeBron James, you niggaz must not know my name I'm Slim Thugga motherfucker! Tha Big Boss of the South And I don't just talk it wit my mouth I back it up wit my vow Before Jimmy cut the check, it was 50 on my neck And over 50 in my ear, I'm the Rookie of the Year I'm here - for the 'Takeover', not out to replace Hova But there's a new hustla in town, yeah the break's over Don't get me confused wit the rest of them dudes I've been Tha Boss down South, I'm just new to a few Please believe, them niggaz don't do what I do I got everything them other rappers got times two (WHOO! C'MON!) [Verse - Bun B] If your gangsta, show your trill If your pimping, show your ring If you balling, show your paper If you shining, show your bling King of the Underground, holding the throne down Want to try and take it from me, hater come on down (c'mon!) Built for business, and God as my witness Have you running a country mile and not for physical fitness (hold up!) When we pulling toys and get to making some noise You got to get somewhere like them Jumpoff Boys here (For real!) So clear the corners homeboy, move around (move around!) Get to stepping homeboy, do it now I ain't busting no warning shot, I pop if I pull it So if we fight tonight somebody gon be biting a bullet I'm a dirty south gangsta, me and Slim Thug And no matter where we go they show us nothing but love For life! It's UGK and we ain't playing And if you ain't screaming "Free Pimp C!" what is you saying? Cause I ain't heard of that! (WHOO! C'MON!) [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] Go on and move your cool if you want to (get out your seat girl) Go on and make your moves if you want to (I said get up) You can act a fool if you want to, you know you wit them STAARRR TRAAAK RIIIDERS YEAH!!! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm that new problem outta Houston, you got word of that? It's Slim Thug and Neptunes, I know you heard of that Ask your girl, she'll tell ya the truth Your boys cool, but you can't fool wit the Boyz-N-Blue I got something on my neck worth more than yo house I got something in my yard worth more than yo spouse I got something on my wrist worth more than ya team And that car you think clean ain't worth more than my ring (hold up!) Who yo know roll Bentley 'fore the album drop? And still got a few from Pharrell to make the album hot? (Thugga!) Yeah I hear y'all but don't see you niggaz Y'all just making words rhyme, y'all ain't seeing no figgas (WHOO! C'MON!) [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug Album: Already Platinum Song: Playa You Don't Know Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell in background] [Intro - Slim Thug] (Pharrell) Tell me when to go.. tell me when to go (c'mon!) (You ain't think we was gon do what we gon do niggaz!) (WHAT!) Straight from the streets of H-Town (Turn this shit the fuck up!) Slim Thugga! Boss Hogg Outlawz! (hahaha) Star Trak! OHHHHHHHHH!!!! [Chorus - Slim Thug] Playa you don't know You ain't seen nothing like this here before Playa you don't know You ain't seen nothing like this here before You ain't seen them Boyz how they get that dough Late night at the club pulling drank and dro Put 100 grand up just to get that ho Next day right back on the block for more, noo [Verse - Slim Thug] Attention! All my G's getting money hit the dance floor And show the club what we out here getting grands for A double shot on the rocks, what you playing for Buy a bottle by the bar, get your man's dough You know me fella, same ol' Thug Wit the chicks and drugs up in the club Dro smoke, getting high wit my folks Red eyes, I'm a hide behind Gucci shades lotes (?) Ho's say I'm a dog nigga, naw I'm a Hogg nigga I got money, so fuck it I'm a ball nigga Them other boys just out here rapping it While I'm a young nigga out here having it [Verse - Slim Thug] I make boys get they weight up, haters get they hate up When you see Tha Boss coming I suggest you put ya date up Cause the Jacob looking good and it match wit the piece Errbody wanna know what's that on the boy teeth Ear lobes on hang, eight karats outta tell It cost a baller 100 g's for a pair, yeah I'm getting money and it feel real good mayne And ain't a damn thing changed, I'm still hood mayne All the broads used to cap, wanna fuck now Cause they see a young nigga getting bucks now! I pull up in the Range truck like what now It's real strange how they wanna get cut now [Bridge - Pharrell Williams] Do the soulja bounce! do the soulja bounce! (how you do it?) Ya let ya shoulda's bounce! Ya let ya shoulda's bounce! Just let ya shoulda's bounce! let ya shoulda's bounce! Just let ya shoulda's bounce! let ya shoulda's bounce! [Verse - Slim Thug] I mean it ain't much to talk about When everyday I walk about a million dollar house Like a motherfucking Boss! If I want it I'm a get it, it don't matter what it cost You ain't gotta take my word, ask them boys down south You ain't gotta take they word, you can find me on the North Take a trip to my city, ask somebody where Tha Boss? Used to hit the hood, trunk full of things of that south Now I'm getting 16 for 16's out my mouth So it ain't shit to me to look clean when I floss In the wide body slab with the candy blue gloss I ain't worried bout them haters gon talk whachu talk I'm on the grind getting mine, nigga fuck whachu though! [Chorus - repeat 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slim Thug f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Problematic 12" Song: Problematic Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Verse - Slim Thug] Late night see me post up, Boss Hogg soldier Glock in my holsta ready to fucking smoke something In the big Bentley Sedan, no chauffeur Riding on spinners and they rolling like a coaster Young and successful, I belong on Oprah I sell that shit to step with the cobra Hustling and thugging till my life is over Houston, we have a problem.. [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (4x) Problematic nigga, problematic nigga Problematic nigga, problematic nigga [Verse - Slim Thug] Houston we have a problem by the name of Slim And yeah we had a few problems but none like him I saw some come, but none got the job done like him I know some hustlers but I ain't seen one like him Start static, watch how quick I click the automatic Ratta-tat-tat-tatted till you haters been haded I started out above average, class mates get your grades up I can't be stopped, you're in my spot, you got to raise up I'm getting blazed up, with the flows or .44's I'm here to win case closed, which ever weapon you chose Niggaz don't want a piece of me, I do this shit so easily Hell y'all done let Pharrell bring out the beast in me It's bout to get ugly, first nigga mug me I'm a hit 'em wit some slugs, have 'em looking bloody If you scared call the motherfucking laws! You niggaz don't want it wit me and my Hoggs We got a problem! [Verse - Slim Thug] What you boys gon do, when them Blue Boyz come through And them blue toys for you, pointing them toys at you When the noise is through, they'll be no more hating I send haters to Satan, they can't shake what I'm baking They can't take what I'm making, the po po get to quaking Ain't no mistaking, I make these haters meet they make and I'm here to seize the nation, waving our guns and badge So get down on the floor and up your drugs and cash Ladies pass your bags, gon pass your stash Move fast, all good samaritans get blast First smart ass try to inform 911 First class on a nonstop flight to heaven Twenty four / seven, three sixty-five I'm on my job like the mob till the day I die If you scared call the motherfucking laws! You niggaz don't want it wit me and my Hoggs We got a problem! [Verse - Slim Thug] I'm problematic cause nigga I gotta have it I'm a Hogg so I'm taking every shot I got at it These streets is mine, we can beef, that's fine Better respect my mind, get out line ya dying I'm a soldier, I told ya, don't make a nigga fold ya Roll ya like a roller, blow you like some doja Don't want problems, but I'm quick to solve em Five deep but an ounce'll have somebody revolve em Niggaz got it fucked up, bout to get bucked up Make me pull that truck up, have you niggaz stuck up I been here for years, I ain't just up in luck up Nigga I'm a hustler, I been putting bucks up I drive a car that'll make ya put your trucks up We some G's, we ain't fucking wit no suckas We untouchable, these niggaz can't touch us Houston, we have a problem.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Pharrell, Uncle Charlie Wilson Album: Paid Tha Cost to Be Da Bo$$ Song: Beautiful Typed by: smiggo03@aol.com [Hook 2X's: Pharrell & Uncle Charlie Wilson] Ohhh-ohh-oh-ohhh-ohhh... (Oh-hooo!) Yeahhh, yeahh, yeah, yeahhhh... (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about  you...) [Chorus 2X's] Beautiful, I just want you to know (Oh-hooo!) You're my favorite girl... (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you...) I know you gon' lose it, this new Snoop shit Come on baby boo, you gotsta get into it (Oh-hooo!) Don't fool wit the playa with the cool whip Yeah-yeah, you know I'm always on that cool shit Walk to it, do it how you do it Have a glass, lemme put you in the mood and, (Oh-hooo!) Lil' cutie lookin' like a student Long hair, wit'cha big fat booty Back in the days you was a girl I went to school wit Had to tell your moms and sister to cool it (Oh-hooo!) The girl wanna do it, I just might do it Here to walk wit some pimp-pimp clue wit' Mommy don't worry, I won't abuse it Hurry up and finish so we can watch "Clueless" (Oh-hooo!) I laugh at these niggas when they ask who do this But everybody know who girl that you is [Chorus 2X's] [Verse 2] When I see my baby boo, shit, I get foolish Smack a nigga that tries to pursue it (Oh-hooo!) Homeboy, she taken, just move it I asked you nicely, don't make the Dogg lose it We just blow 'dro and keep the flow movin' In a '64, me and baby boo cruisin' (Oh-hooo!) Body rag interior blue, and Have them hydralics squeakin' when we screwin' Now she's yellin', hollerin' out Snoop, and Hootin', hollerin'; hollerin', hootin' (Oh-hooo!) Black and beautiful, you the one I'm choosin' Hair long and black and curly like you're Cuban Keep groovin', that's what we doin' And we gon' be together until your moms move in... (Oh-hooo!) Pharrell: Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you... [Chorus & Hook: 2X's] [Bridge 2X's: Pharrell & Uncle Charlie Wilson] ...See I just want you To know that you are really special... Ohh why, oh why, oh why, oh why... [Verse 3] Snoop Dogg Clothing, that's what I'm groomed in You got my pictures on the wall in your room-in (Oh-hooo!) Girls be complainin' you keep me boomin' But girls like that wanna listen to Pat Boone (Ehh... oh yeah, there's  something about you...) You's a college girl, but that don't stop you from doin' Come and see the Dogg in a hood near you-in (Oh-hooo!) You don't ask why I roll wit a crew, and Twist up my fingers and wear dark blue-in (Ehh... oh yeah, there's something  about you...) On the eastside, that's the crew I choose Nothin' I do is new to you (Oh-hooo!) I smack up the world if they rude to you (Ehh...) 'Cause baby girl you so beautiful... [Chorus 2X's] [Bridge 4X's] (P): Ehh... oh yeah, there's something about you... Oh-hooo! Repeat 'til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Pharrell Williams Album: R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta) - The Masterpiece Song: Drop it Like it's Hot Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro] Snooooooooooop.. Snooooooooooop.. [Chorus - Snoop Dogg] When the pimp's in the crib ma Drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot Drop it like it's hot When the pigs try to get at ya Park it like it's hot Park it like it's hot Park it like it's hot And if a nigga get a attitude Pop it like it's hot Pop it like it's hot Pop it like it's hot I got the rolly on my arm and I'm pouring Chandon And I roll the best weed cause I got it going on [Verse - Pharrell Williams] Uh! I'm a nice dude, with some nice dreams See these ice cubes, see these Ice Creams? Eligible bachelor, million dollar boat That's whiter than what's spilling down your throat The Phantom, exterior like fish eggs The interior like suicide wrist red I can excercise you, this can be your Phys. Ed Cheat on your man ma, that's how you get ahizzead Killer wit the beat, I know killers in the street Wit the steel that'll make you feel like Chinchilla in the heat So don't try to run up on my ear talking all that raspy shit Trying to ask me shit When my niggaz fill ya vest they ain't gon pass me shit You should think about it, take a second Matter fact, you should take four B And think before you fuck wit lil skateboard P [Verse - Snoop Dogg] I'm a gangsta, but y'all knew that Da Big Bo$$ Dogg, yeah I had to do that I keep a blue flag hanging out my backside But only on the left side, yeah that's the Crip side Ain't no other way to play the game the way I play I cut so much you thought I was a DJ {*scratches*} "two!" - "one!" - "yep, three!" S-N double O-P, D-O double G I can't fake it, just break it, and when I take it See I specialize in making all the girls get naked So bring your friends, all of y'all come inside We got a world premiere right here, now get live! So don't change the dizzle, turn it up a little I got a living room full of fine dime brizzles Waiting on the Pizzle, the Dizzle and the Shizzle G's to the bizzack, now ladies here we gizzo [Verse - Snoop Dogg] I'm a Bad Boy, wit a lotta ho's Drive my own cars, and wear my own clothes I hang out tough, I'm a real Bo$$ Big Snoop Dogg, yeah he's so sharp On the TV screen and in the magazines If you play me close, you're on a red beam Oh you got a gun so you wanna pop back? AK47 now nigga, stop that! C mid shoes, now I'm on the move You're family's crying, now you on the news They can't find you, and now they miss you Must I remind you I'm only here to twist you Pistol whip you, dip you then flip you Then dance to this motherfucking music we crip to Subscribe nigga, get yo issue Baby come close, let me see how you get loose! [Outro] Snooooooooooop. Snooooooooooop.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Jay-Z, Pharrell Album: Drop it Like It's Hot (Remix) 12" Song: Drop it Like It's Hot (Remix) Typed by: proent@gmail.com [Hook]: [Pharell] Spin around ma Drop, drop, like it's hot Drop, drop, like it's hot Spendin money mang Drop, drop, like it's hot Drop, drop, like it's hot Spin around mommy Drop, drop, like it's hot Drop, drop, like it's hot I got the rollie on my arm And I'm pourin saun dan And I roll the best weed 'Cause I got it goin on [Verse: 1 - Pharrell] No steroids can make you hit what I'm pitching Chef boy-ar-P is back in the kitchen You niggas is scratchin, my niggas is itchen Don't keep "Pacin" but these dudes blow they "Pistons" Yes, nigga, P stands for polish None of y'all is fuckin with he, and this is obvious I'm Ron Artest, layin down to your garbage While my niggas in the street pushin shit like Ben Wallace And any ya'll could get it, even fans in the stands These guns is a sun, you'll catch a tan with ya man I'm no cheeto, trust this is real/rio Everything is grandé nothing is poquito Securitys behind me, with the torpedo 'Cause the wrist stay frigid How you say it? Frío Or where I'm from, in Virgina, we say ch-ill And the ends also quarter million for each whe-el [Hook] [Verse 2 - Jay-Z] I got hatas on my j-iz-ock, plus the frickin c-iz-ops All of whom want to hit me with sh-iz-ots til I dr-iz-op Thank God for hip hop, or I be in the b-iz-ox, uh Jail or casket, either way you r-iz-ot But now I'm so fresh you could smell me through a ziplock Mr. S d-iz-ot, it's not gon' st-iz-op Too much pizzas for these piss-ass niggas to get past Too cool for c-iz-ops to cuff his iz-ass Snitch-ass they made, they can't get the boy These niggas givin' out cases like a liquore store Runnin' to the DA tryin' to get me for it All the money it made, I'm like forget the law I'm not 'fr-iz-aid, it J-iz-ay homie you got pl-iz-ayed Take it like a man, the flow ran you off the st-iz-age (go sit down) Wastin' ya time tryin' to sue S. tell ya lawyer "Take that civil case and drop it like it's hot" [Hook] [Verse 3 - Snoop Dogg] ((World Wide)) International, nah I'm universal But you a gangsta, how you get to do commertials? With them big wheels, yeah cuz you do it big I stay real, stay sharp, and tell it like it is I never fake the funk, niggas know I ain't no punk They want beef? Yeah cuz, pop the trunk We go all the way, we do it lifesize Now my life right, 'cause my wife on my right side Yeah, and she protecting my interest Now I'm on the move they got me hoppin' these fences Ay little homie your defence is defencless A pimp apprentice Now come here princess (Come here, come here) I know ya tired of the chit-chatter It really don't matta it's like a seesaw platter I check money, check niggas, check bitches Now drop it like you ass on swit-ches [Ziip] [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Bishop Don Magic Juan, The Neptunes Album: Paid Tha Cost to Be Da Boss Song: From Tha Chuuuch to Da Palace Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Fa shizzle dizzle, it's the big Neptizzle with the Snoopy D-O-Double Gizzle! ... (Snoop Dogg!) C-walk to this (Snoop Dogg!) Hehe, yeah, C-walk to this (Snoop Dogg!) A-ha-ha! C-walk to this (Snoop Dogg!) [Verse One: Snoop Dogg] Bam! Boom! Whatchu gon' do cuz? Guess who rollin in, with them baby blue Chucks? And I've still got my khakis creased I'm still loc'n on these beats and keep a bad bitch on the streets It's the S-N-double-O-P'n Biggest dogg of 'em all, and youse a flea'n And since I got time to drop it for you I guess I must And give it to you motherfuckers like Busta-Bust I keep the heat on deck, but in God we trust And can't none of y'all fuck with us But you can run up on the G but that's not thinkin wisely These thrillers are +Contagious+, just like Ron Isley {"What the hell is goin on? Someone's sleepin in my home"} Snoop to the D-O-Double G (uh-huh) Get in where you fit in, follow me (ooh!) [Chorus: Neptunes] Who's the man with that dance? (Snoop Dogg!) Who keep the khakis for all his pants? (Snoop Dogg!) Keep the low-low in a three-wheel stance (Snoop Dogg!) Still got the +Gin and Juice+ in hand (Snoop Dogg!) [Verse Two: Snoop Dogg] I do it for the G's and I do it for the hustlers Here to annihilate you mark-ass busters Eff the police cause all they wanna do is cuff us The world is fuckin chilly as if his name was Usher But I'm still ridin them 'llacs, makin them G stacks And got them cornrows to the back I ain't really tryin to be picky But if you give me somethin, it's got to be the sticky green by the ounces, low-lows bouncin Sandy Fay and Annie Mae kissin on my couch and Ooh to the ouch and, Moet fountain That's how we get down at the Doggy Dogg House'n This year we ain't fuck wih thousands We clean with millions that get fly as a falcon Pull up to the Doggy Dogg palace With a car fulla bitches cookin grits like Alice (ooh!) [Interlude: Snoop Dogg] Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They're riding on the side?) Yeah they running on the side! Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They're riding on the side?) Yeah they runnin on the side! Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They're riding on the side?) Yeah they runnin on the side! Three 14 inch rims is running on the side (They're riding on the side?) Yeah they running on the side! [Verse Three: Snoop Dogg] Take two and pass it, it will not burn you From the Long Beach Chronicles to the Wall Street Journal They all know the G with the Cutlass Coupe Ask Bill Gates, "Yeah I know the homie Snoop" Yeah, I'm straight loc'n, hangin wit my folk and Follow Rakim cause "I Ain't No Joke" and Cuz, I done seen so much (like what?) Enough to have your feelings touched When the gunshots ratta, all your boys scatter Check up on your homies but they gave ya bad data Make a nigga stop BREATHIN, have his soul relievin And now you niggaz believe in what I say cause what I say is so real Homie you don't wanna see the steel! You dont wanna catch a body, you came here to party Now that's what you should do, now where's my baby boo? (ooh!) [Outro: Bishop Don Magic Juan] Yeah, no introduction, is needed But for those who STILL, refuse to accept the reading on the wall, for the new Mack-allenium This is the Archbishop Don Magic Juan Chairman of the Board, of famous players EVERYWHERE And I'm puttin it down with Big Snoop Dogg, the legend The King Player, my friend, yo' friend The L.B.C. SAVIOR! Also known, in this new Mack-allenium, as DA BOSS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg Album: R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece Song: Let's Get Blown Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell] Yesssirrr! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams & Vanessa Marquez] [V] Can I get more thrills? [P] You know you want some more girl, so come on [V] Can I get more thrills? [P] You know you want some more girl, so come on  Let's get blowwwwwnnnn.. let's get blowwwwwnnnn.. [Verse - Snoop Dogg] Looking at the ladies, all of them fly I don't know which one I want dawg I can't make up my mind, girl So won't you make it easy on me? Take this drink, then hit this weed Two step wit me, let's slip to the dance floor On and on and on and on we go I'll dip you if you want me to You see I really wanna get a little front wit you, bigidy bump wit you A nigga wanna hump you and then just comfort you And then I'll pop the top and lay you on the cot, and get you nice and hot Yeah yeah, it's all to the real We could do it like Guy, c'mon girl "Let's Chill" [Verse - Snoop Dogg] Now you can fly the friendly skies With the S-N double O-P D-O double G-Y Now don't ask why, just keep looking good in the hood Damn girl, you so fly! We could do what you want to You say you drink Alize or was is Malibu? It don't really matter though You remind me of the time when I had a ho She kept telling me Doggy Dogg I gotta go So I let her get in the wind and co-macked her friend 2 plus 2, it equals 4, this is some shit that could last forever more I'm trying to put my bid in, naw I'm just kidding Come on ma get in, and don't ask where we going Pimping and hoeing, drink pouring and weed blowing, you know it c'mon! [Verse - Snoop Dogg] I've been looking at you, from the corner of my eyes Checking out your hips, lips, tits and your theighs I've been wanting to do you, for a mighty long time You make a pimp wanna sing I - I - I We'll head to the hills, your dreams I'll fulfill We could do it how you want, cause I'm oh so real Tell me you, naw I won't squeal You wit Da Big Bo$$ Dogg so seal the deal Pharrell got the Babyface and Snoop got the Whip Appeal, so name the place This love I bring to you, on the real baby girl Won't you do me a favor and sing for Snoop [Outro - Pharrell & Vanessa] You know you want it!! (if I got it I'm a give it to you) So come and get it!! (if I got it I'm a give it to you) If I got it (if I got it I'm a give it to you) (Then you can get it) Ya know! Hey!!! Oh!! Can I get more thrills? .. Can I get more thrills? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg Album: R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece Song: Pass it Pass It Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] (Vanessa Marquez) Pass it, pass it - get it girl Pass it, pass it - get it girl Please don't be greedy! nooo! Pass it, pass it - get it girl Breathe it in! Now let go! (La la la la la la la la la) Breathe it in! Now let go! (La la la la la la la la la) [Verse - Snoop Dogg] Roll up a fat one and pass it around Lay back hypnotized by The Neptunes sound My peoples always see me and they think I'm on point So they roll me a blunt, or either pass me a joint I'm the modern day Rick James, yeah that's me Anything less than the best is blasphemy So ask for me - when you wanna get spliffted I'm not Keith Murray but I'll Get Ya Lifted Terrific, cause this is just the linguistics This shit's cannibalistic, so I mixed it and twisted With the berries and cherries, the high berries The aura is horror, man this shit is so scary! I took another hit and then my vision got blurry I had to pass this shit in a motherfucking hurry I'm looking at this chick, real thick, her name is Cheri Big fat booty and her pootie was hairy, c'mon biatch! [Verse - Snoop Dogg] Nick nack patty wack, give a Dogg a bone Naw don't gimme nothing but a handful of stones Don't stop! I ain't finised yet You say you got the bomb? You wanna make a bet? it's on! I blew about three zones then took baby home Nigga what?! Motherfucker I'm grown I have it how I want it, did it done it and stunted Fronted a hundred to my nigga cause he want to get blunted Ain't nothing to it, but to do it so I did it cause I'm wit it This is the Face Off, the one hitter quitter It'll lay you on your back fast, sweat start to trickle Everything is moving like you on a tricycle You caught up in the pickle but I get you out I blow you a charge through your nose, not your mouth Slow down! hoe damn! you're doing too much You're supposed to take two puffs then give the shit up, c'mon! [Verse - Snoop Dogg] Yeah this is classic, fantastic, I'm blasted I've been growing and blowing, niggaz wonder how I lasted Well, like Jesus I fasted, for 40 days and 40 nights I got it all mastered Now I need a hit of that, Neptune-ology Gangsta philosophy, yep yep I gotta be Real high, whenever writing my novelty Because it adds to my celebrity So I celebrated, teledated, innovated, dominated Orchestrated, situated, petuated, reinstated Then I created, you're happy that I made it Take another hit, young nigga get faded We're going all out, smoke till ya fall out D-O double G House all in ya mouth The West got the best, the East got the peace I'm out and about with a blunt in my mouth, peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Pharrell Album: Ego Trippin' Song: Sets Up Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Chorus: Pharrell] (Sets Up!) Chest out In and out, in and out Lift your arm, lift your arm In a circle, in a circle Swang out, hang out, bang out Show these motherfuckers right where you from [Snoop Dogg] Coolest of the cool, I'm the god damn man Heater so hot need a god damn fan Everybody want gangsta, suckas don't live it til' they talkin' through that glass like 'see you in a minute' That's not the Bigg Bo$$ Dogg I've been in it since a youngin', I'm a Eastside hogg 21st Street ridin', Rollin' with my partners Hat to the back in a rag spillin' vodka Stompin' through the city in my big blue Chuck's Lil' homies on the corner not givin' a fuck So I chunked up the set like what's happenin' with you Shit I just do what I do, I'm just stackin' it too Is what he said to a loc as I dipped on out Or as we say on the Eastside, you Cripped on out See the sunshine and palm trees, livin' it up Don't forget the block boys givin' it up Where you from loc? [Chorus: Pharrell] (Sets Up!) Chest out In and out, in and out Lift your arm, lift your arm In a circle, in a circle Swang out, hang out, bang out Show these motherfuckers right where you from Show me where you're from Show me where you're from Show me where you're from Show me where you're from [Snoop Dogg] For the rules of the game, represent your shit Flag around the steering collar makin 'em sick Shoot, the L.B. made me, gangbang for real If ya made it through the '80s I'm a product of the shady Snoop D-O-doub', it's what I does I'm worldwide love, the homies is like cuz Stuck to the script and kept claimin' the team They love it when I chunk it on the TV screen Like a, Bo$$ would do, how the fuck could you deny my gangsta, haters in my rearview All around the world they respectin' a G Overseas they respectin' the C, that's on me I did it like I did it mayne Uh, if you ain't did it you ain't did a thang Uh, you come through you better holler at me You need beats you better holler at P Now put your sets up [Chorus: Pharrell] (Sets Up!) Chest out In and out, in and out Lift your arm, lift your arm In a circle, in a circle Swang out, hang out, bang out Show these motherfuckers right where you from Show me where you're from Show me where you're from Show me where you're from Show me where you're from The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Brandy, Pharrell Album: Malice N Wonderland Song: Special Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*Brandy ad libs during Intro*} [Intro] Fellas, last call, for alcohol You better get what you drinking man I am your main man DJ, EZ Dick Share something real special with you A brand new cut, from the big Boss Dogg Featuring, Brandy, and Pharrell Cause you're so special baby, yes you are [Chorus: Brandy, Snoop, Pharrell] [B] It's the way you  It's the way, you, make me feeeeeel [S] Special girl, you're so special, special [B] Ooooh, baby just don't, change  You're so reeeeeeal [S] So special girl, you're so special, special [B] Show me that I'm special, tell me boy [P] Girl, you know you are special  I bet you were born in the skyyyyy [B] Show me that I'm special, tell me boy [P] Girl, you know you are special  Girl, the hottest in my mind [Snoop Dogg] I know you, and you know me And this is the place that you really wan' be Let's make it crack-a-lack, I make it look easy Life can be a carnival and I'ma be your reason Kiss, me, slow-ly Perform +Quiet Storm+ 'til I get you nice-ly I'm puttin out the blunt cause I see that I need you more in my life than I need a bag of weed Now I compare you to a bird when she fly by I wanna rock you back to sleep like beddy-bye-bye Bounce in the 'llac with your hand on my lap Throw your bags in the back, I'ma show you where it's at Ain't no tellin if we might come back, you like that? I figured out a way to catch a flight right, back See I ain't never flown for fees Come spend a weekend overseas in Greece with me Please believe! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Snoop Dogg] You know if you through with me, then I'm through with you But you're the one who fell in love and said that love was true But you ain't never fake on me And now you think that you gon' find another G like me? Them, niggaz, ain't gon' play They gon' just hump, they ain't gon' do it your way I can't hate and say what they gon' do All I know is that I'm true and know that you my baby boo Let's take a chance, go to France on a three-day cruise Walk with your man in the sand like, oooh It's our little rendezvous Whoopty-whoop, Big Snoopy and boo I picture this love affair, of ours to last a lifetime, just like flowers Take a quick flick then get dressed, we'll head to Brazil I'll show you how it feel when you're rollin with the real How it feel? [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Brandy + Snoop] We can make it, let's just stay together Come together, don't gooooo Let's just have some fun and be together Forever... for liiiiife [Snoop Dogg] Now that we're livin our life especially, I say that you're my pick And every day we'll dress alike and always stay slick To me, I see you as a gift Incredible, it's edible, my ice cream, have a lick I'll catch you when you fall like leaves And be the one that you need, come be my #1 please See I ain't never blown no cheese or done no songs like these, I love the air that you breathe You know why? (why-why, why-why) [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Pharrell Williams (Neptunes) Album: That's the Shit 12" Song: That's the Shit Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus 1] [Women Singing] Big Snoop Dogg, nigga that's the shit Cris on ice, nigga that's the shit Llacs on dubs, nigga that's the shit [Snoop] Step into the party just to crack a biatch [Woman Singing] For all you players who don't know Nobody pimp em like a gangsta from the LBC [Snoop] Pimpin ain't easy but its a whole lotta fun East Side, Long Beach, thats where it all begun [Woman Singing] Nigga thats the shit [Verse 1 - Snoop Dogg] Turn up the bass, hand me my blizzles I don't fuck with cigars I got my own clothin line, and plus my own line of cars I got a staple of bitches, and they all play they part I got a gang of ruthless homies that gt loc'd after dark Ya get it? (get it?) Get it, got it whatever Got Snoop Dogg shoes suede, gator or leather Ohhhhweeeee! and got a way to endeavour Even if it ain't never I can give the bitch pleasure My little white bitch Heather She stunning, sly, slick and oh so clever Never under pressure Leave me money on the dresser Give it to me baby so I can keep us together Whether is cold, or it might be hot One things for sure, I be takin alot Givin alot, and when it comes to music I be makin it hot Shakin the spot, takin the pot Bringin it back [Chorus 2] [Women Singing] Big Snoop Dogg, nigga that's the shit Cris on ice, nigga that's the shit Llacs on dubs, nigga that's the shit [Snoop] Step into the party just to crack a biatch [Woman Singing] For all you players that don't know Nobody pimp em like a gangsta from the LBC [Snoop] And for you bitches who don't know Till we D-I, we keep it P-I [Woman Singing] Nigga thats the shit [Verse 2 - Snoop Dogg] Do you remember the reign Before you boy had Joey and gained growin pains Know this game, I flow this game I spit it, get it, knit it, thread it and sewed this game (Say Wha?) They say I came in a shady way Watch how I play this game Bossin up, ain't he man So do it do him Jazzy fizzle My young nizzle for shizzle we keep it off the hizzle Do me a favor, and blaze up another bleezie and tell baby over there to come and please me She won't believe me She will for sheezie Bitch, its the big Snoop D-O-double geezie Bucket mouth breezie I got a staple of bitches so take it easy I'm only fuckin with your imagination Try to give you a little small conversation You know what your facin [Chorus 1] [Verse 3] [Snoop Dogg] Y'all niggas better sit me down now Welcome back to tippy tales Snoopy got this shit crackin, these bitches wanna lick me now Everybody minglin, dime pieces bring em in I set the trend, fly from gators to trims (WHY?) You haters begin to fuck around with the boss You get nailed to the cross fuckin around with the boss I'm too hard in the paint, might as well choke up the loss Hey baby grab my longest mink so Snoop Dogg can floss Toss, free is the cost, I don't pay for a damn thing I just pop the champaigne, kick off a pimp and campaign Man, I got the spotlight on me jack Now I'ma act a damn fool and I ain't never comin back King Mack-A-Hoe, Sir Break-A-Bitch Grab my pimp glass and then I take a sip I look around, pull it out and then I light it up Take a puff, inhale it, bluff bitch now ya know it [Pharrell Williams] I walk with a limp, eat lobster and shrimp Shine a spotlight down on a pimp Pull up like a mack, in my Snoop DeVille and ride on the side, and we's dressed to kill You see me stoppin girl, get your ass to the side It ain't enough room to fit ya all in my ride" [Snoop Dogg] Dave cut the record down to the bone And Jazzy Phe got me rockin on the microphone Now we talkin autographs, cheers and laughs Champaigne, caviar and bubble baths [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ B-Real, Pharrell Album: The Blue Carpet Treatment Song: Vato Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Snoop Dogg] Man don't you know that I'm loco Uh-huh, hmm... I was chillin, right around my way (way!) 21st eastside of the Beach This motherfucker ran up on me talkin shit with his homies like he was a straight.. G Askin where I'm from while he runnin up  Gangbang, my set on e'ry one of 'em (true) Some things, sons they just won't change Fools don't respect nuttin but the gangbang (bang!) What's seen is what's saw, Dogg is the law I have you niggaz runnin like a marathon Little G's tryna creep, wanna ease with it Talkin 'bout they gon' get my chain and they gon' leave with it (nmm hmm!) But they don't know once they get close it's Tic-Tac Toe, three motherfuckers laid on the floor (watch out!) Yeah, this happened yesterday On the West they spray - I heard the esse say, he said... [Hook: B-Real] + (Snoop Dogg) Vato, you won't believe what I saw I saw these pack of guys and they act real hard (and what they do?) They twist the fingers and said, "You know who we are" He said, "I don't give a fuck, I'm Snoop Doggy Dogg" (uh huh!) They keep buckin and it went too far So Snoopy, he went straight to the trunk of his car (and what he get?) He got his gun and they start runnin hard He started firing and then he just charged [Break 2X: Snoop Dogg] (BLAOWW!) Run nigga, run nigga! (BLAOWW!) Duck nigga, duck nigga! (BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run! (BLAOWW!) Run, motherfucker run! [Snoop Dogg] I didn't mean to hit what I hit Now that's three motherfuckers dead now I ain't seen shit But these niggaz'll scream for plea Before a G like me, it's just a case really you could see I crack the Mac back and pop off rollin And smack ya neck back, ya drop off, fallin I haven't seen my momma in a week And she ain't even ran her mouth about me Fuck that, I ain't give a fuck about the law Niggaz say they wanna brawl, you would think that they were brawlers Believing all the things that you never saw In it y'all, been a Dogg, smoke you like a Menthol You think you know? But this can't go You think you'll blow? On my door? What the fuck yo! See these niggaz proceed to speed so fulfill the need to leave or you'll hear my enemies goin... [Hook] + [Break] [Snoop Dogg] I wouldn't be the nigga that I am if I didn't pop niggaz in their mouth God... damn! And Snoop'll keep one foot on the streets And leave 'em covered in sheets, run with them niggaz with the heat You never seen a thug like dis You never seen a dub like me And I ain't weak for wanting peace in fact I could be "Beast of the East" motherfucker! I never hesitate to blaze (blaze!) A nigga really tryna change his ways We gotta move my team, cause my peoples      is screaming that we need more for fun or it's illegal  Put the bang on the song, make it feel like a drive-by (drive-by!) It's a shame but somebody's gotta die (die!) They see it happens state-to-state but when I'm mobbin L.A., all I hear the esse's say - they go... [Hook] + [Break] [Snoop Dogg and Pharrell] Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots Skateboard P, they say him bust gunshots DPG, them bust gunshots BBC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!) Snoop Dogg, him bust gunshots Skateboard P, you know him bust gunshots (come again, now!) BBC, them bust gunshots DPGC, you know them bust gunshots (come again, now!) [A girl speaking] I'm tired of hearin all that bullshit When you gon' play some of that good shit... damn I mean give me some like a... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Britney Spears f/ Pharrell (N.E.R.D) Album: Boys (CD Single) Song: Boys (Neptunes Remix) Typed by: LiLaCuRaCeR@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Britney] For whatever reason, I feel like I've been wanting you all my life You don't understand I'm so glad we're at the same place At the same time It's over now  I spotted you dancin' You made all the girls stare Those lips and your brown eyes (Oooh) And the sexy hair I should shake my thang (Ooh) Make the world want you (Ha Ha Ha) Tell your boys you'll be back I wanna see what you can do (Uh)  What would it take for you to just leave with me? Not trying to sound conceited but You and me were meant to be (Yeah Yeah) You're a sexy guy, I'm a nice girl (Uh) Let's turn this dance floor into our own little nasty world Boys! Sometimes a girl just needs one (You know I need you) Boys! To love her and to hold (I just want you to touch me) Boys! And when a girl is with one (Mmm) Boys! Then she's in control!  [Pharrell From N.E.R.D] Pull the girl off the dance floor Whisper in ear Must've said somethin' bout me (What you say) Cos now she's lookin' over here You lookin' at me (He He He) With that sexy attitude But the way your girls movin' it (Uh) It puts me in the mood (Ow!) What would it take for you to just leave with me? Not trying to sound conceited  But meeting you was destiny I'm from N.E.R.D, Aren't you Britney? (Don't you know?) Let's turn this dance floor into our own little nasty thing (Get Nasty!) Girls! I can't even know one (I get nasty) Girls! I need her all the time (I get nasty) Girls! I don't know 'bout your girl (I get nasty) Girls! But I know she's judging mine  Boys! Sometimes a girl just needs one (I get nasty) [Britney] Boys! To love her and to hold (I get nasty) Boys! And when a girl is with one (I get nasty) Boys! Then she's in control!  You like that Here we go Have no Fear Baby what you waiting for? Uh-huh Let me see what you can do Boys! Sometimes a girl just needs one (Ooh) Boys!  (I like that) To love her and to hold (The way you move) Boys! And when a girl is with one (It's gonna turn me on) Boys! Then she's in control (Ooh) [Pharrell] Girls! I can't even know one (I get nasty) Girls! But I need her all the time (It's just me and you baby) Girls! I don't know 'bout your girl Girls! But I know she's judging mine (Get Nasty) [Britney] Boys  [Pharrell] Girls (Ow) [Britney] Boys [Pharrell] Girls [Britney] Boys (Can't live with them)  [Pharrell] Girls [Britney] Boys (Can't live without them) [Pharrell] Girls (Get Nasty!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Styles P f/ Pharrell Album: Master of Ceremonies Song: Don't Turn Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Styles P] Lot of old stars, lot of new brothers All makin a movie, but none of thems the Hughes brothers {*chuckling*} Gotta laugh at my wittyness 'Bout makin some change, but you can feel my paper miss Love gritty chicks, real hoodie chicks You know what I need cause I'm an idiot Brains and the money machine cause I'm gettin it Did' call me +Miracle+ man cause I'm +Whippin+ it A lot of reefer and the large Hennessy 'Bout a thousand a bottle for the Richard Hennessy Just pay for it, heaven sent And the live ascent block the chron chron scent, yes~! [Chorus: Pharrell] Baby, baby, baby, don't turn away - from love Baby, baby, baby, don't turn away - from love [Styles P] I'm just sippin Courvoisier Tell the accountants and the money, the concierge Sauna to the steam room, put it in the air Told you that I'm sittin on it somethin like a chair Hey ladies! Dear babies I'm the last gangster left, it's so crazy It's impostors, it's no shocker If that shit come in a can it ain't lobster If that boy come with a guard he ain't a mobster But I am, I ride hard And fly too high for the SkyCam Club to the Benz to the telly short time span [Styles P] Short dude... big moves Window stretch floor to the ceiling, big view Real suite all a treat to a visual All this from bein a street individual I ain't the richest nigga, who am I to kid you? But I'll set the standard for G, that they live to Listen boo, I ain't tryin to kid you (nah) I'll tell you what it do and what it did do And then tell you what you gon' do Hit this drink and blunt right in front of you Better hope I don't front on you Real boss, I can do what I wanna do [Chorus] - 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: SWV f/ Pharrell (uncredited) Album: Right Here Human Nature Mix 12" (UK Release) Song: Right Here (Back to Black Mix) Typed by: wammygivaway@gmail.com [Coko] (Verse 1) Lately, there's seem to be Some insecurities About the way I feel Where I wanna be But you know, it's with you (You...) No one can do The things you do To me Never to be mistaking Long as there's love making There's gonna be some rain Gonna be some pain Hook: Coko But as long as I know Boy, time will show Our love will grow And I know Chorus: SWV Love will be Right here Be right here Right here Be right here No fear Have no fear No tears Love is here (Verse 2) True love, some don't believe in That's what just I'm givin' I'm gonna keep it strong I will hold along To you (You...) No one can do Me like you do It's true Sure as the sun is shining Our love will keep on climbing There's gonna be some rain Gonna be some pain Repeat Hook Repeat Chorus [Rap Verse: Pharrell] Come Come slip and slide (Slide) Into the flipside (Side) Of the hipside (Side) Now let it drip inside (Side) Your mind (Mind) You're not Alone, you're with me And the S (S) The double (Double) The U (U) The V (V) I'll be your bread (Bread) And I'll be your butter (Butter) You never have to shed (Shed) One slight tear (Tear) So honey, hold ya head, from the dumps and the gutters And remember to be there (There) I'll be right here (Here) Repeat Chorus Til Fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Pharrell Album: The Beautiful Struggle Song: Broken Glass Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com {with help from liner notes} [Pharrell] Kweli!!! [T. Kweli] Yeah! They wasn't expecting this! that's why ya [Pharrell] Hahaha [T. Kweli] Gotta hope for the best and play 'em for the worst, c'mon! [Pharrell] Muhfuckers is history! [T. Kweli] C'mon!! [Verse - Talib Kweli] This the story of - Lucy In The Sky Wit Diamonds Ask her why she crying, she wanna live, she got no time for dying Was a science, dreams too big for a small town She gotta get to New York and watch a door fall down Hopped off the Greyhound, gotta make her way now She sleeping on the park benches in the playground But cash burn quick, don't wanna have to turn trick Ready to quit 'til she met the super pimp Flashing his toothy smile that drove little Lucy wild She quick to hop up on his dick straight Hoopie style She let the fella hit but she sang she sell-a-bit [celebate] He ain't buying that, she ain't selling it She looking for love in all of the above Believing videos, trying to back up all on a thug Who wanna - put it in her, withdraw like a Citi card But now she shake that ass for tips at the titty bar [Chorus - Talib Kweli] (Pharrell) Broken glass - everywhere! (IT'S LOUDER!!) Louder - than a bomb shattered in in the air (IT'S LOUDER!!) Try to hold back your tears baby! (IT'S LOUDER!!) Wait a second, what happens here baby? (IT'S LOUDER!!) Broken glass - everywhere! (IT'S LOUDER!!) Louder - than a bomb shattered in in the air, yeah (How many of y'all think you can do what we do?!) Yeah! Wait a second (One! Two! Three! C'mon!) [Verse - Talib Kweli] Dreams shattered like broken glass Press ignore it and your hopes get broken fast You complain for the life you supposed to have But when you try to make plans God is known to laugh Throw a song on the phonograph, and Lucy start wilin The trick start smiling, watch the loot start flying The Gucci start pilling up, she live designer plush Start lining up the coke so she could find a rush Time's up, she's about to turn 33 Her shit started to sag, she got surgery Now cats are used to drive past her like a Church van Acting on thirst, 'She Wants To Move' like a N.E.R.D. fan Bigger house, 10,000 dollar purse fam She let you in, she wanted rent by the 1st man She the ring leader in a clique of birds And they shadowy, like the silhouette behind the curtain [Verse - Talib Kweli] She was a small city girl with big city dreams Niggaz try to figure how to get up in them jeans Put her in them scenes, get her on the team Hit her wit the cream 'til they figured out the schemes Now she all up in the club looking for a new love Really like Huey Lewis looking for a new drug Cause coke's getting old, started free basing Graduated to crack, smack on occasion Not catching the bus, but back at the station Back and forth pacing, acting all impatient Last hundred dollars, she got to 'Get By' Now gotta make a choice, go home or get high Mommy and daddy miss her, she left for the fame Now what's left is the dirt that's thrown on her name She need a ticket home if it's the right course Instead she bought a ticket to ride the white horse Artist: The Teriyaki Boyz f/ Pharrell Album: Beef Or Chicken Song: Cho Large Typed by: johnathan@cherryblossom-garden.com (Japanese), no1wammy@hotmail.com * * Send Pharrell corrections to this typist [Female] Uh You so crazy You so crazy You so cra-cra-cra You so crazy You so crazy You so crazy You so cra-cra-cra You so crazy You so crazy You so crazy You so cra-cra-cra You so crazy You so [Teriyaki Boyz] Far East to west Mic check One, two Three, four Teriyaki no Kotoba Neptunes no Biito Hiito up suru vibes and shinkuro Shitto suru gurai ni living large na Orera ga oshiete yaru (Whofs in charge?) Chou large Hook: So hot So hard We chou large You so crazy You so crazy You so cra-cra-cra You so crazy Repeat Hook (Verse 1) [Ryo-Z] Chou, de, ka, i   Haran atato taido doru hako aidoru   Nemutteru maizou kane mo hori ate chauun [Verbal] Arigato [Ryo-Z] Douitashimashite   Kono shoes no size wa nine   Half   Ano toki no mikiirooku no you ni section   Tada no engine   Ja naize technician   Soko no geisha   Horao shaku shina [Verbal] Yo   Freaky na otoko no odemashi   Iru de ichiban   Ikasu emcee, thatfs me   Mi ga deteru itsudatte dechai sou   Hijoujitai mou drop shisou   Ichido kikeb awakaru, you never forget us   Mic check one   Furoa rekka   Orera chou hot   Itsumo netsu dasu   Muyami ni touch   Yake doshite, ouch [Ryo-Z] Kin bacchi yori giin bacchi yori   Kagayaki hanatsucchi mau dodekai pendanto top [Verbal] Macchi yori gin gira gin   Sarigenaku nai toko ga chaamu point Chorus: [Pharrell] We got   Big jewels   Big cars   Big watch with a pair of apestars   Ice cream on a astronaut   You donft understand, mommy, we chou large [All]  This, that, ape shit   Shake it like you ape, shit   Shake it like you ape, shit   Shake it like you ape, shit [Verbal] Lifestyle is spectacular [Ilmari] Nobi nobi ni natta tanktop (Verse 2) [Ilmari] Hora, amakara supaichii, wa doudai? Oto no big muscle no shoutai Sore wa iru from Teriyaki Muchakucha maccho sutairu deribarii Tsunaideku M.I.C. Whatever, sekai ichi Suki na aroma wa peppermint Majide ore okora shitara Danger zone Yatsu ga fade in, pass the mic, yo [Wise] Let me tell you about a story Like uma nami Kingin zaihou de tachi kurami Suru gurai no Ifm a rich man Yaritai koto yaruze Catch me if you can Aisatsu kawari ni baramaku man satsu Kippu kawazu ni touru kaisatsu Ifm like the king With all the bling bling Asa, mezama shiga naru yo ring ring Wow Yume kayo, just a dream All Ifve got is a pair of ice creams Demo ore no takara Uchi ni himeta chou large Na sukiru ga aru kara Itsu no hi kabuchiataru gold mine Migaku skill De Ifm gonna shine! Repeat Chorus [Verse 3: Pharrell] Nigga Ain't that a B-I-T-C-H Look what the boy did, hangin' with the premates Okay, niggas, hope you had your V8's That 10 milli tag, dinglin' from that PH They called it Cloud City cause you can't see Pharrell, but then I could see Miami through the eyes of a pelican My bitches past the dutchess like it ain't no budget Blowin' all the sand off that Louie luggage The sand That's from the Dominican Republic I want some Chopper boat to boat, back to chop it like fuck it CEO's go dig for my nugget But my minds protected by Hammer's, you can't touch it Niggas can't do this, and that is that They went from check to check, nigga, I'm jet for jet Can't copy my moves with a stencil or Etch A Sketch Niggas you ain't even close, shake it up or reset (Y'zerd!) I shop til I drop But don't follow shit, ain't none free, chill If I ask, be the blast that gun, he will Do anything to protect current son and these mils That include aim and where he feels Had that ass stretched out, straw suckin' free meals I am what I am, nigga, dem know Lyle One point one, stock rims on tires Okay, fuck it, I'm an enzo buyer (Buyer...) [Female]  Teriyaki baby [Teriyaki Boyz] Go 'head, baby [Female]  Teriyaki baby [Teriyaki Boyz] Go 'head, baby Repeat Chorus Repeat Hook [Female] You so crazy You so crazy You so crazy You so crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Robin Thicke f/ Pharrell, T.I. Album: Blurred Lines Song: Blurred Lines Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pharrell] E'rybody get up (WOO!) E'rybody get up Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey (woo!) [Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Turn me up If you can't hear, what I'm tryna say (hey girl, c'mere!) If you can't read, from the same page Maybe I'm goin deaf (hey hey hey) maybe I'm goin blind (hey hey hey) Maybe I'm out of my (hey hey hey) miiiiiind (e'rybody get up) [Interlude: Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Okay now he was close, tried to domesticate ya But you're an animal, baby it's in your nature Just let me liberate ya (hey hey hey) you don't need no papers (hey hey hey) That man is not your maker (hey hey hey) and that's why I'ma take a [Chorus: Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Good girl! I know you want it I know you want it, I know you want it You're a good girl! Can't let it get past me You're far from plastic, talk about gettin blasted I hate these blurred lines! I know you want it I know you want it, I know you want it But you're a good girl! The way you grab me Must wanna get nasty, go 'head get at me (e'rybody get up) [Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) What do they make dreams for, when you got them jeans on What do we need steam for? You the hottest bitch in this place! I feel so lucky (hey hey hey) you wanna hug me (hey hey hey) What rhymes with hug me? (Hey hey hey) Heyyyyyy (e'rybody get up) [Interlude] + [Chorus] [T.I.] Hustle Gang homie, le'go! Ay say Rob, let me holla at 'em right quick One thing I ask of you Let me be the one you back that ass up to Go, from Malibu to Paris boo Yeah, I had a bitch, but she ain't bad as you So, hit me up when you're passin through I'll give you somethin big enough to tear yo' ass in two Swag on 'em even when you dress casual I mean, it's almost unbearable In a, hundred years not dare would I Pull a Pharcyde bitch, you +Pass Me By+ Nothin like your last guy, he too square for you He don't smack that ass and pull yo' hair for you So I'm, just watchin, and waitin For you to salute the truly pimpin Not many women can refuse this pimpin I'm a nice guy, but don't get it confused here baby! [Robin Thicke] + (Pharrell) Shake your rump, get down Get up-a... Do it like it hurt, like it hurt What you don't like work? Heyyyyyeahhhhhhey! Baby can you breathe? I got this from Jamaica It always works for me, Dakota to Decatur No more pretendin (hey hey hey) cause now you're winnin (hey hey hey) Here's our beginnin (hey hey hey) I always wanted a [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Pharrell] E'rybody get up E'rybody get up Hey hey hey Hey hey hey Hey hey hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Pharrell Album: No Mercy Song: Amazing Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pharrell] + (T.I.) Mm, mm, what? Skateboard P'll make your face fall off (Serve a bitch straight D) And make her face fall off (okay) Niggaz come through and make your face fall off What the fuck you gon' do? Make your face fall off Baby boy it's amazin, so amazin, so amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby Amazin, so amazin, amaz-amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby Skateboard P make your face fall off (I serve a bitch straight D) And make your face fall off (uh-huh) Niggaz come through and make your face fall off Nigga what you finna do when your face fall off? Baby boy it's amazin, so amazin, so amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby Amazin, so amazin, so amazin Amazin, so amazin, baby baby [T.I.] It's automatic got a baller habit, smokin aces what you facin when you hatin, ain't no rehabilitation for that monkey on my back, hundred thousand dollar stack Ya ain't heard, used to serve Firebird like a Pontiac Rewind me back, ay you know where they used to find me at? In the back, sacks full of somethin for insomniacs Dope boy, trap nigga in my past life Now I just serve rap nigga plenty act right You know where we at, right here, like yeah In the club on the furniture, fuck do I care Tell the club owner here, Rosé, Remy bottle please Got a carload of bravado, ain't nobody hot as me I don't bend, I don't break, I go in, I don't play Tell your friend that the game can begin if she stay I pass out cake like your birthday bitch If you kiss both of those, lick that, take this [T.I.] Ay, a dope boy with the swag of a pimp nigga Except one thing, I'm paid more than them nigga You see a bitch can't afford this life Have to fuck a ballplayer and a mayor every night Maybe twice, late at night we, be in white tees Me and Skateboard P, no Nike's Just a pair of Margiela, get a broad tell her rain dance for this paper, better get her umbrella Yeah, had guns like an arms dealer Dream team lawyers, he ain't never been a dumb nigga Nigga, this your girl, better come get her Turn her to a dick monster, nut muncher Sperm rag, cum dumpster, left amongst her Bitches in the past, pretty titties, plenty ass They just drink up what we give 'em, take shots without any glass Fuck her in the face 'til it fall off or 'til she gag, gag, gag [Pharrell] And it don't stop A lot of niggaz out there think that they could do what we do Be my guest, go and front for the people But just like a storefront they gon' see through That you sweet like bubblegum and they gon' eat you How you blowin up? Nigga they chewin you And when you hit rock bottom they shoo'in you Like "Ooh, you eww, get away!" Naw you, yeah right, okay Don't listen to these guys, these niggaz full of lies Cut 'em open and they cover up the floor, you surprised? Every time they talk about what they gon' get They been lookin at my blog (BBC) knife and forkin my shit While I'm tryin to get the new G-5 with the kit with the bed in the back, cause my son hate to sit And all that dark blue shit, y'all niggaz been had My diamond's rainbow like they registered for GLAAD Every aspect, whether plane, boat or pad Tote a brightness like your chain 'pose to have Got it from the ring so you know that they straight Plus the Audemar twins, I guess my wrist couldn't wait to tell ya (BBCicecream.com) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Urban Legend Song: Freak Though Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [T.I.] Hey! Hey! Hey! [Chorus - Pharrell Williams] w/ T.I. ad-libs (But she's a freak though) She got angel eyes, wit the baby face (But she's a freak though) I want my momma and daddy to meet her Maybe have my name (But she's a freak though) They keep talking about you Because they - can't keep up with your pace You're my - super freak! super freak! You're my - super freak! [Verse - T.I.] My momma taught me, everything fine ain't the finest And everything that shine ain't a diamond They say that change come wit time and I'm finding That most bitches take your kindness for blindness Yeah it feel good laying her beside you Diggin deep, ol' nine up beside you But we can't kick out in public, gotta hide you Cause all my partnaz in the hood done tried you It's true that you can't turn a hoe into a house wife Well listen shorty maybe I don't want a house wife They say that you a freak I'm thinking that they bout right Because that pussy's so good and your mouth tight A pretty face, slim waist, and her stout nice Juicy ass that them niggaz in the south like She super sexy, got a nigga thinking bout a wife Wearing all white, being wit her for life [Verse - T.I.] The main thing making niggaz judge you Is the same thing that make me wanna love you From the smell of ya hair, I wanna hug you To the way you yell "give it to me" when I fuck you Plus you ain't tripping off a nigga cause he thuggin That's why I'm twice as happy as relationships that wasn't But my partna say you trickin wit his cousin But nevermind, I don't listen they be buggin They find it hard to understand how could T.I.P. love This girl, when her man is out at strip clubs Maybe cause T.I.P. girls leaving wit girls And in the morning they'll be waking up with six girls They don't know we more like homies when we pick girls Why you worried bout it, he ain't gotta make you his girl Fuck what he think about you, I think you the shit girl Make me wanna bring another kid in the world [Verse - T.I.] Now I been told every nigga in the streets know She ain't nothing but a freak ho But when I look in her pretty eyes, I don't see it though Now she done showed me some shit that I ain't seen before But what we do behind closed doors is for me to know All in all I've decided I'm a keep her though I'm a fucking grown man, what I'm creeping for? Just try me by the four, that's what I'm toting heaters for I'd die by that for her a real good reason though That's how I feel, let my partnaz and my momma know Keep it real, all the disrespect has got to go I disrespect, she is selfish, she don't hide it Though she may have been a tad misguided All she need is a little affection, a lot of direction A nigga wit a constant erection And I done wasted plenty time contemplating second guessing Procrastinating, I wanna buy a ring and pop the question The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Common, Pharrell Album: King Song: Goodlife Typed by: tericoharper@yahoo.com (T.I.) I keep telling myself Man I'm living the good life (Pharrell) I'm living the good life {*2X*} I'm on top of the world I'm on top of the world {*2X*} [T.I.] I was born into poverty raised I the sewerage Streets always would be a part of me, it made me the truest And even when my days were the bluest I never ran from adversity, instead I ran to it Fear ain't in the heart of me I learned just do it You get courage in your fears right after you go through it Now I come through in a Coupe on 22's That ain't bad for a nigga who ain't even finish school Don't get me wrong I never been a fool I just put off graduating for a pair of tennis shoes I used to use the beat to paint my pain But nowadays man I can't complain I got several automobiles and they all on thangs Several with solid tags and they all in one chain Used to see me in the mall I'm the same And gettin brains from a couple of broads on the plane [Common] I come from Chi-Town lost and found in the struggle Where dudes say stay safe and stay out of trouble Speak is muffed the law and B gon try to cuff you Those with duffles move weight and have muscles I came through the dirt with a verse for the people Open up for Daddy Kane and Easy up at the Regal The radio rarely put their needle on my record They ain't see how the hood and heaven were connected Sounds projected, ain't show how effective Lessons learned, sessions turned to life reflected And everything I found real in life know I kept it They say life's a teacher, you're gonna get tested When a nigga changed they keep saying that nigga strange Couldn't see how my mind won't be the lame Ahead of my time I caught up with the game Making good music making paper making change [T.I.] I put on gasoline drawers I stood in the fire With enough heat to set the hood on fire Man you niggaz think Suge was off the wire You should've seen the squad before I had Messiah We assumed the title as the number one supplier Felt like I was selling blow since I was in diapers And wish a nigga would come try us We was cool with the killers, best friends with the lifers Quick to up and scrap with niggaz who want to deny For what we considered then as a lucrative empire But like that pimping time flash by you Now I wonder what the judge think as he reading my priors Prison ain't full and the reefer ain't bias Anybody tell ya different's a damn liar Gave the jail hell and shot birds at the hearse Lived through worse and reversed the curse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Cee-Lo Green, Pharrell Album: Trouble Man: Heavy is the Head Song: Hello Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pharrell] Sk8brd, T.I., here we go [Chorus: Cee-Lo Green] + (Pharrell) Just keep goin and don't look back And look forward from where you're at (hahaha) There's some jealousy in your rearview Wave hello, hello, hello (yessir, here we go~!) Push that pedal to the max Count that money that's in your lap There's some jealousy in your rearview Hello, hello, hello (everybody, they gon' sing this) Hellooooo-ohhhh-ohhhh (haha) Hellooooo-ohhhh-ohhhh (let's go, let's go) Hellooooo-ohhhh-ohhhh Wave hello, hello, hello! (OW~!) [T.I.] Ay; mashin in the fast lane, envy in my rearview Mil's in my windshield, keep 'em in the clear view Cheers to my partners who got it, we finally did it And here's to the ones with potential to go and get it We survived yesterday, foreign ride connoisseurs Poppin fly today, tomorrow ain't promised to us Grind hard for dirty money but our hearts' pure Steady mobbin on these suckas, man they so funny to us Broke niggaz all smiles, when they run into us Get by theyself they talkin tough but don't do nuttin to us Call theyselves paper chasin, when wealth be runnin to us You violate the puppet master gets your string pulled Hustle Gang, King Team, label me the ringleader Just showin haters the tail lights of my two-seaters Two heaters with me in the ride but I don't need 'em though Left evil behind me, that's where I plan to keep it, go~! [T.I.] Ay; I hustle hard, forever shine, pay haters no never-mind Won't stop until we poppin bottles at the finish line Never been the quittin kind, spirit, ain't no killin mine I'm gettin mine, you don't like it nigga get in line So many times I've shown dudes I won't lose Time's precious but waste yours if you want to Hey I made it and you didn't, for that I ain't to blame Won't change a thang, the circumstances remain the same Can't complain, I'm highly favored, my flavor's God-given So used to hate appreciation is a odd feelin Still I stay focused on the millions tryin to dodge prison Prayin askin for forgiveness hopin God listen As far as dissin me pimpin go 'head and have a ball Meanwhile I'm gettin bread determined to have it all I'm talkin money sonny, if ain't none of that involved why is we conversin? This vehicle ain't reversin, go~! [Outro: Pharrell] Hey! Haha, let's go Hands up, hands up! Haha, get 'em Tip! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Sk8brd (Pharrell) Album: Hear Ye, Hear Ye 12" Song: Hear Ye, Hear Ye Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Sk8brd] Yup, mm-hmm, yeah There's a rainbow everywhere depending on where you stand Whether the dashboard or yay, or the walls a hundred grand each Double R interior tan, outside is peach Oh you tryin to make a deal out in Golden Beach Or the Florida Keys, duckin the Florida D's But you only end up with bricks of sand I know niggaz that run from they shadows like Peter Pan Runnin like it's a Nike commercial but he's the man What he don't like on sight he murk like he's the Klan 8-balls the size of baseballs like Jeter's hand It's fecal fam, yeah it's the shit Zip your face up when Skateboard is on the strip Catch me in the Gap V with some BBC trunks Flip-flops, sippin on cream, like it's punch I push the spaceship with the chrome lady in the front Bendin over like she just puffed Busta's blunt I told y'all muh'fuckers once I think I'm hungry, finna eat y'all niggaz lunch; y'all niggaz cunts I'm from the, commonwealth, my wealth ain't common when niggaz roll around with chrome solvers lookin for problems Mouth full of gold, flame when they roll Arthritic fingers, niggaz bang when they stroll Traded in the hats for the cane and the gold The golds for the chain and the cane was on swole Aiyyo Tip, get these peon niggaz told [T.I.] Still stand tall when it all falls down Whether Hollywood Hills or a one-horse town You should know better There's no better than these fo' letters More than ever niggaz want me dead Cause they starvin and I'm gettin fed But fuck 'em anyway, I'd rather be me on my worst day Then to be a sucka nigga on his birthday All cake no candles, just a livin example Ten toes down, all out, no sandals +Godfather+, young Marlon Brando Let me make sure they understand yo Hear ye, hear ye - you wise you fear me Real niggaz on they shine, much obliged, merci Everybody wanna criticize him by how bad he ended up, look how bad he coulda been I coulda caught a body, sold a brick to somebody who volunteered my information to the federales I made it outta all of that like I ain't gon' be proud of that So petty shit you stickin to me give me all you got of that Doin this for all my niggaz who'd rather go to prison than to let a nigga kill him So he leavin his P.O. snub nose in his denim Trap or death is waitin 'round the corners that he been in On bended knee, God forgive us, we've been sinnin In our defense look at the options we was given Layin in the prison cell starin at the ceiling Back in this bitch again, guess they wasn't bullshittin, huh? Still wonder where it all went wrong Since Phil got killed I ain't never moved on Like I'm still in the club where the blows got thrown When my crown fell down and I got dethroned Bunch of niggaz around, but I feel all alone Like a piece of me is missin, guess it never came home Probably died in the van when it all hit the fan Save the life of a friend, we don't all get the chance Now here I stand, with blood in my hands Tryin hard to explain so his mom understand I mean fought for the loss of the soul of a man Only soldiers know how that'll take a toll on a man Burdens on the world on my shoulders, heavy Visibly composed my emotions, buried Scary, so if I pop a pill Smoke a blunt or take a shot, y'all let a nigga live Still baffled how my life unravelled In the meantime time just travelled Can't see behind the walls of my castle Opinionated peons son, but who asked you? I'll tell you what you do, take your two cents Kick rocks to a fountain, pitchin and make a wish Shit, if wishes had wings they'd all make it to heaven and we'd all be kings Hahaha, if wishes had wings they'd all make it to heaven and we'd all be kings Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ The Neptunes Album: I'm Serious Song: What's Yo Name? Typed by: tru2560@hotmail.com [T.I.]  Yo, Uh (12x), a come on T.I.P. {Neptunes} Come on (4x), I said come on, come on, come on, come on Verse 1: T.I.P. A hour train spit game from the get green Ay T.I.P. been bangin' thick dames since he was 15 The click came ran trains if her shit clean The same broad fronted y'all like she Miss Thang And damn how da bitch seem she's a dick fiend All though I won't elaborate I'll say she lick things and get green She fuck wit me because I got big dreams And along wit a face she think she seen on the big screen I give it to her since she whine and her back hurt Then drive her crazy since she crying and she act worse Yeah, I'm a rapper, I'm a man, but I'm a mac first I need a broad wit a bank and a fat purse... and that's first Hook: {T.I. & Neptunes}1x [T]  I'm a p-i-m, ah, m-p,  Told y'all niggaz before about me Plenty Remi to the h-e, ah, a-d [N] Somebody buy some more dro' so we can smoke please Now what's yo name? [T] I'm pussy bumper number one [N] Yeah, I said what's yo name? [T] I'm pussy bumper number one Verse 2: T.I.P. Man trying to stop pimpin like shooting a bee-bee gun at a freight train So comparing us is like whine to a grape stain My reputations great man, I got a great name I hate lames, I stay clean, and I break dames I like 'em small or bigger with a figure eight frame So if she fine I bet she mine when I find time Man I ain't lying, mine dimes I don't wine or dine Like clothesline hoes mine, I'm a goldmine Ay I'm the "King of Da South" and the throne mine I got the chrome in the Chevy and the broan mine Ay man I'm young but I been doing it for a long time That ain't my fault that bitch grown she got her own mind An-and I'm... Hook: 1x Verse 3: I bet some niggas think I cake her when I take her out But come that week just watch me rape her fucking bank account Eventually the P$C hey we gone take the south Then grab the earth by the ankles and shake the paper out Nigga I'm bout my paper route so I'm gone make a route Anybody blocking my road to riches man I'm gone take 'em out Keep run yo mouth making up you mind you got's to be's wit out Me I'ma git a ho who gone make show my pockets seen about P-i-m-p-i-n-g is all I be's about  I break a ho in break 'em till they broke and then I ease 'em out They out of pocket, I'm a lock 'em out and leave 'em out And that don't change man, season in season out Open up The Source shawty and see who just you reads about If it ain't concernin T.I.P. a P$C a see ya out Ain't nothing even you ain't cuttin then u don't see the house Because you know I got to practice what I preach about HooK: 1x [Neptunes] Come on (4x) I said come on, come on, come on, come on (repeat) [T.I.] I'm a p-i-m, ah, m-p,  Told y'all niggaz before about me Plenty Remi to the h-e, ah, a-d The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Pharrell Album: Adrenaline Rush 2007 Song: Give it Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Pharrell] + (Twista) That girl wanna give it up (right there) That girl wanna give it up (right there) That girl wanna give it up (to Pharrell) That girl wanna give it up (to Terrell) That girl wanna give it up (the thick girl) That girl wanna give it up (a slim girl) That girl wanna give it up (the dark girl) That girl wanna give it up (the light girl) That girl wanna give it up – huh? That girl wanna give it up, watch her That girl wanna give it up – huh? That girl wanna give it up, watch her [Chorus: Pharrell] + (female) That girl wanna give it up, watch her That girl wanna give it up, watch her That girl wanna give it up, watch her That girl wanna give it up, watch her Black girls, wanna give it up (yeah) wanna give it up (yeah) White girls, wanna give it up (yeah) wanna give it up (yeah) Spanish girls wanna give it up (yeah) wanna give it up (yeah) Middle Eastern girls wanna give it up (yeah) wanna give it up (yeah) [Twista] Now I be, in the club hollerin at hoes like "Hey now" Sippin Everglo, y'all want me to say now So on the streets and on the block since Twista +Red Hot+ They give it away, give it away, give it away now (ooh) She got dreams to have a +Californication+ with me I could see from how she lookin she couldn't wait to hit me Come on over here lil' mama so you could babysit me Bounce that ass in front of me now that's the way to get me Thinkin about how she suck by the way she part them lips and let me look at that tongue Thinkin about how she fuck by the way she part them lips and let me look at that tongue, get it? [Pharrell] Mami make your money, make your cash Make like a bongo and pop yo' ass Pretend I'm Mystikal and +Shake it Fast+ Watch yourself - sticky panty bang rash Dangerous piss in the dub is grass Count some money bitch pose and laugh You know P keep the niggaz on they toes Let me speed it up for these hoes Pop pop pop pop, pop pop pop pop She be beatin like a bongo 'til she look me in my face and just squat uh Man I know her type I know she gon' rock She get naked and she stand up on the yacht And you know she gon' do it until we dock Kiss the girl {?} baby that's all you got? I treat that ass like a beat and make it knock Trust me nigga that's the key to keep 'em locked [Twista] What it mean when she be jukin in them juicy coutures That girl wanna give it up, watch her In my crown holder, she in her Republic jeans That girl wanna give it up, watch her Lil' ma what's up, I see you in the party Now you with somebody I can tell how ya movin ya body that I You wanna fuck, you and I might get a ticket for speedin while I'm takin you home in that blue Maserati and I Wanna hit it cause the booty too fat When I'm around look at how you act Look how she shake it for me when she do that Look at how she lookin at me behind dude back (watch her) (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Pharrell Album: The Day After Song: Lavish Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [ad libs for the first 14 seconds] [Chorus: Twista] + (Pharrell) You, you, you want the lavish crib and fancy cars You want the face, on that Rolex shinin like the stars Don't worry mayne, you could get it mayne (If you look in the sky and you don't see your dream) (Man don't feel defeated, cause trust me you can build it) [Twista] Now hear the words that I flow when I spit I know shorties that be havin dreams of goin legit But the hustle quicker so they cop a fo' on the split Now they got enough money where they can go get a brick It's on - ain't nuttin gon' stop us now Gotta look at 24's while they watch us now Spinners rollin up the block while they pump out noise But they always get into it with the jump out boys And why? Take a look at all the people that got dubs You ain't legitimate, you out here servin them rocks up I know you want the radio and screens to pop up But we gotta get the money and try not to get locked up Know the difference between real and fake Different work is just like different real estate Open your mind, you got more than the skill to take Cause I know [Pharrell] Uh, one time for my niggaz on the corner With the burners on and with the fresh yams in they tube socks Uh, two times for my niggaz with they hands in the air Sayin a prayer cause the game left their dude shot Yes - I know that puzzle Niggaz at each other thinkin they will bust you The bang is the same even if it's muffled But the moment so loud when a dead man hug you He's cold in your arms, but you ain't gon' be foldin your arms You gon' be lowered in your arms Cryin to open the jar, and to add injury to insult You're smokin your life away Look at me, big car big house big jewels All that came out my backpack You ain't gon' do it, it ain't gon' work, you ain't gon' prove it Even though that hurt, I just skated past that Look - everybody got dreams about ki's Chains full of ice with S after the V's Horse on the hood, a grill full with the B's Dangling your feet in San Turin-y breeze Make a virtual picture, and spin around That ain't it, well fuck it nigga we get it down Never try to grab your ankle nigga we'll kick 'em down Focus up, we gotta hit it now Bruh when your cell goes clink, that's when you forfeit All them dreams, all that divorce it You ain't even get to see new mansion and Porsche shit This dedicated to my man up in Norfolk, locked up Ha ha... wait {*repeat 2X*} My nigga open yo' mind, mind Aren't you ready to go? All of my fears inside, side Let 'em blow like 'dro [Twista] Through the wisdom of a prism I see I don't wanna go to prison I make the decision to get liver Reminiscin as I take a listen to my nigga 'Pac While I envision my "Ambitions Az a Ridah" Listen to Pharrell spit to the track Pull up in a burgundy Bentley with a bitch in the back I get to the paper like a hyper get to the crack I ain't speculatin homey I just stick to the facts, c'mon If you wanna get the money and the status and the mob Better ride when you roll with the crew Take a listen for the bub hit the bud When you hear this in the club then you know what to do Look at the vision of a mack spittin crack on the track Throw these stacks in the black Cadillac Get it like Twista and Neptunes, I got your back And know you Ha ha... wait {*repeat 2X*} My nigga open yo' mind, mind Aren't you ready to go? All of my fears inside, side Let 'em blow like 'dro Ha ha... wait {*repeat 2X*} Ha ha... wait {*repeat 2X to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Twista f/ Jaime Foxx, Pharrell Album: The Day After Song: When I Get You Home (A.I.O.U.) Typed by: jimbones@hotmail.com [Bridge: Pharrell] When I get you home (home) When I get you home (home) When I get you home (home) When I get you home When I get you home (home) When I get you home (home) When I get you home (home) I'm gonna … HIT IT! [Chorus: Jaime Foxx] You keep on talking all that shit Up on your two-way and your phone Girl, but when I get you home (Hit it, Hit it) You and I alone (Hit it, Hit it) In the house it's A, A In the bed it's I, I Bathroom it's O, O In the kitchen it's U, U When I get home You and I alone Hey! [Twista] Now come and tell me where you get that from Now Twista be out here messin' with all the ladies Ask me what I wanna hit that for Cause you sexy and I'm a baller baby Ask me why I got a nasty mouth You the one that's steady trippin' with the sassy mouth But when I get you up in the apartment that's when we get to sparkin' And that's when we let the passion out Like the way you walk in slow in the room and smelling sweet as a rose An looking good in that red thong Lookin' thick as hell do it to me well Got me sprung and I know I got your head gone Even slow or faster girl When I'm gone how you trip is a disaster girl When I'm steppin' to the tunes of Neptunes you wanna bring drama And that's when I gotta ask you girl, why? [Twista] When you was 'sleep last night After rubbing you down and making passionate love I put on a pair of Air Force Ones 6 figures of jewellery and met my guys at the club Pulled up out front, yeah we had to stunt Homey was sittin' on 26s We about to do the dummy finna blow a little money Steady gettin' scummy with these bitches That's about when you started to call Then my whole mutherfuckin' high started to fall Cause you started trippin' on me when you was in the crib 'sleep But you don't even need to get started at all You know I'm in the VIP lookin' at all this ass And I finna leave I finna cut you as soon as I'm out But you steady yada yada with the motherfuckin drama Girl shut up what the fuck is you talkin' about? [Pharrell] Hey, hey, hey, hey Girl don't you worry about me fallin' asleep, girl it's early I kiss you up from your head to feet, don't you worry My appetite is nothin' sweet, and nothin' could curb me I grab you like we don't have all night, even though it's early [Twista] Trippin' on me when I go to the mall Trippin' on me when I go to club Trippin' on me when I kick it with my boys You be trippin' on me when I'm on the tour bus You don't trip when I get you gone You don't trip when I get you chrome You be trippin' when I'm away from you But I bet you don't trip when I get you home [Bridge] A, A I, I O, O U, U The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Pharrell Album: Black Thoughts Vol. 2 (Mixtape) Song: First Time Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Pharrell] I know you wanna feel the girl (first time) now take it easy the first time first time, first time, first time, first time first time, first time, first time [Tyga] first time, I aint trying to hurt you now but I think I'm in love for the first time top 9 certified but I think I'm love for the first time top 9 certified I think I'm love for the first time [Tyga - Verse 1] First time I laid eyes I looked around, heaven's angel from the sky it must be a message from God cause you the only thing on my mind let me show you why tunnel of love let's float inside girl grab my hand now hold your ride take a chance for life, roll the dice next day we in paradise promise to be loyal when honest help out your family with a couple dollars I do my best for you cause you my shorty so rest your head on my shoulders it feels good, don't it baby [Tyga - Verse 2] I know you aint scared of tiger's I get around, they say my sex on fire (fire) do it all night, keep you smiling used to be a player but I'm retired ugh, as I lay down right beside ya no shirt, it's kinda hard to be quiet she said hold me close never let go I got that good love girl, oh you didn't know uh, give ya kiss, ear to ya neck relax, rub ya back make it wet I know love have you going crazy but it feel good, don't it baby [Pharrell - Bridge] Hey young girl, irl-ir-ir-irl-irl (wassup baby) Hey young girl, irl-ir-ir-irl-irl (ever been in love) Hey young girl, irl-ir-ir-irl-irl (I know you wanna feel it) Hey young girl, irl-ir-ir-irl-irl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Pharrell Album: Careless World: Rest of the Last King Song: Lil Homie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Tyga) Lil homie (uhh, whassup big dog?) Everybody tryin to get wit'chu - get wit'chu - c'mon (Be dyin for that dap, uhh) Lil homie (uhh, whassup big dog?) Stay focused, got shit to do - shit to do Yeah, ah-c'mon [Tyga] Uhh, they say what don't break a nigga make a nigga I woke up out my dream, said I gotta get it This whole city full of thieves, gotta watch my pivot Cause on the block, niggaz never seen good livin Only lived in, jail cells or prison Drive-bys, lil' homies hit the store for liquor I gotta steer my life different, where to begin with? Momma told me go back to school, I said I'm finished There's only one way a nigga gonna learn mayne You gotta take risks and do things the hard way Stole the hall pass, now I'm runnin through the hallways Only thing in my memory from those days You couldn't save a nigga, even on a Sunday Monday, new day, shit still the same Gotta switch the rhythm up like Kwame When things change, watch people do the same, as I hear a voice sing [Tyga] Uhh! Big boy grown, can't leave the streets alone Wanna be a king, but you're too young for the throne Why you ridin in the car that you can't afford? Can't move forward in the 4-door chrome All that cheap talk I never did My walk is +Billie Jean+, my shoes are never slip Notice how close he is, gold his goals that approachin him They can't stop a win, losing's not a option First place locked in, get my trophy ready bitch Turn your back on me only gon' leave you bent Fuck that bullshit; I got common sense I'm ready for my limelight, put my mic in hand Y'all dissolve when the money's gone So motherfucker don't appear when the money's home Lil' homie done grew into a big dog If you barkin in my way you gettin chewed on [Pharrell + Tyga] See your friends walkin up and down yo' block Ain't got a penny-nenny-nenny-nenny (ain't got a penny) Just picture yourself sittin' there on top (uhh) A nigga straight winnin-in-in-in-in-in-in [Tyga] Nigga straight winnin, you see how I did it Bottom to the top, take 'em back to the beginnin All my niggaz winnin', you see how we did it Dreamt it now we live it, now we all winnin, me and my The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Pharrell Album: Attention Deficit Song: Let it Loose Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Wale talking] Yeah. See I ain't tryin' to waste your time shorty I know you got places to go. But I got places to be I only need like three minutes of your time I don't know what those other bammers need but...let me rap to you What's up [Chorus 1] [Pharrell] All the girls really want is fun Just a place that they can come So their wild side has the freedom to run And last but not least please don't tell no one [Verse One] [Wale] I just wanna treat you like the woman that you need to be I be on that Peter Pan in NYC You needin me? Then hit me Commitment? No not really And shorty don't be silly we not trippin' off your history This a one nighter And a bitch when she fight 'em And some liquor will light her If its no I.D. adios got no interest in minors I'm on my grown man B.I.  You see why? Cause these lil' broads think it's not alright to be bi I'm messin' with ya, you comfortable with it never mind You never play with young boys cause they never private And they forever out you, that's why you always quiet The only one that's not Patronin', designate your drivin' Okay just loosen up a little That Nuvo or that Goose will have you losin' your religion amen They say you only live once so go to work for what you need But I'ma give you what you want [Chorus 1] [Pharrell] All the girls really want is fun Just a place that they can come So their wild side has the freedom to run And last but not least please don't tell no one [Chorus 2] [Pharrell] And she gon let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) She wants you to stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) And have fun (yeah we do) And let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) She wants you to stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) And have fun (yeah we do) [Verse Two] [Wale] Now tell 'em Hahahaha Is in the house Throw your money in the air and stand in the couch Laugh at the money that's stuck in the chandelier Tell them girls right there that the man right here Tell em It's in the house, so throw your money in the air and stand in the couch Laugh at the money that's stuck in the chandelier Tell them girls right there that the man right here Is you workin hard (yeah) How you get around (car) Is you getting money (yeah) Is that money yours (aww) She don't even need a job, got one anyways She sit up at her desk on Perez all day Then bossip for gossip Why be up in concrete Then she on her Facebook like when we finna party Twitter with her home girls like what we finna do They like we gon hit the club but can I hold on to your Choos Okay now everythings wonderful Thick girls, small friend, please watch your tummy miss Three before 12:11, 30 then go in And they gon get a table cause they flirt with the promoter Vodka and soda, pineapple and Patron Now hold up be a second, and pose for the photo Pose, click, pose, click Now say fuck them other bitches them hoes ain't shit [Chorus 1] [Pharrell] All the girls really want is fun Just a place that they can come So their wild side has the freedom to run And last but not least please don't tell no one [Chorus 2] [Pharrell] And she gon let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) She wants you to stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) And have fun (yeah we do) And let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) Let it loose (hey) She wants you to stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) Stroke her (yeah) And have fun (yeah we do) [Outro] [Wale talking] Yessir. You know I know them girls mane. They know me too. Uh huh! Yessir Artist: Wiz Khalifa f/ Tuki Carter, Pharrell, Amber Rose Album: O.N.I.F.C. (Only Nigga In First Class) Song: Rise Above Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Wiz Khalifa] Uh, you would have thought that from seeing me going hard That that'd motivate these motherfuckers to get on they job But instead they hating on what I've been doing Having conversations in my face about what I should do for 'em What I'mma do keep rolling and dropping weed on 'em Pack my bags look like I'm staying for weeks but be gone in the morning If the flight is private, we probably should board it You see it you like it, I can probably afford it If niggas really felt some type of way about the shit I'm doing You picked a crazy time to start letting me know Cause jealousy and envy that's a trait for mostly bitches Not a man so you ain't one if you letting it show Now the money like the weed how we letting it grow And I ain't holding on to shit I'm letting it go Started small but now we all in them bigger game All in a bigger plane, ballin' and getting paid [Chorus: Wiz Khalifa] First the love was there Then the paper came Then the haters came But we still rise above [x2] [Verse 2: Pharrell] My phone is dead, but I got a contact My sharpie paint pen on my Timbo combats You talk shit, I won't respond back What they gon' get, and you don't want that That nigga will forget the deal Remember what? get for real My whip appeal, my crib is real My wrist as well you know...the Richard Mille And my grunge nigga, I make her come quicker Then rock toe socks, yellow sponge nigga I Tebow, for hoes that eat hoes Emojis fo' me and my people The hoes love me, I'm on they TiVo I work they thighs, and they kegels Skateboard, I love Chanel Retweet me bitch, I'm Pharrell [Verse 3: Tuki Carter] Yeah, I hustle no muscle I'll never be muzzled I'm a piece to a puzzle I'm Robert Townsend and my words gon' Hollywood Shuffle My nigga I move moo, my motivation is moves foo' I get up and does do, I evenly do ten things at once Multitaskin' super fast and king of tattin' super pimpin' House of rollin' run a business while I'm tourin' on you bitches Doing features while watching a double feature nigga I see you suffering from haterism, get that check I take nothin' and make somethin' there's no breaks when the hustle's runnin' Ain't dealin' with fakes ain't fuckin' with snakes They all in my face now they got what it takes my nigga I'm straight So don't reach out cause I peaced out when I reached out There's no response like knockin' on an empty house Yeah, so I keep on while you peep on what I be on and you're behind That's what karma's about [Outro: Amber Rose x2] Man what the fuck is wrong with these niggas They rollin' up, let alone doin' a song with these niggas Claimin' they ballin', to me they playin' These niggas ain't really doin' what they sayin' 