The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Hustla Typed by: poopone@poop.com * * send corrections to the typist Got a cheese sandwich on the hunnid spoke Pork rinds and a soda pop I told a cop I'd beat it, lost At 3 a.m., they told up "stop" We got it real real, to the top A G like 30 feet away from the county line The weed flyin, the golden smilin Wip it nice an then they sign Man, fuck How denyin' my damn luck, This ain't no find if we get stuck I'm doin time Don't get messy with the Prezzy A quarter pound ain't worth the rizzy Drunk as hell, then hurl the fifth Back an forth we swerve and dip Pumpkin pie Bust a cop I'll be damned, they took my crop Shook 'em wit that lead foot an hit about a hunid fi (105) Miles per hour In the country wit the pudin, good an chunky 40 acre, mule an donkey, hell with that, just get the money Got to be that early bird To grind an get what I deserve Quick to burn an an can't mesquite it Lord I need it fore the third Serve anybody? Hell naw, got to be for sure Standin on the standard curb Days begin to bend an blurred Homegrown bacon Yeah, I'm havin the wage Tendency of a 50 hit, when its about gettin payed Came along with a ragin theif hidin under the shade An momma won't quit buggin me about my heathenish ways Now I've wasted more tears then my mouth cold beer Gotta be a Man on these rolls, overcomin my fears Body too quick to gaze, with they head on bob Get dee, life is foul but the dirt is hard, yeah! (hustla) Chorus: If you play the cards you delt, then you stuggle, got to put in work (hustla) And I got to be the early bird to grind and get what I deserve (hustla) If you play the cards you delt, then you stuggle, got to put in work (hustla) And I got to be the early bird to grind and get what I deserve (hustla) Aint no tenth, 35% Dent in my hub caps, sticks in my dove sacks, fifth till I cuts that Look, my baby husband got to eat some mo Dough is what Im reachin fo Money low, need some mo Hustlin these streets alone Now everyday I work, 75 A&R tellin me lies Fore I die, wanna drive big bodies wit bubbla die Now peep the otha side, ova them hills Rich dude that own them mills Tha candy sto is open for sale These junkies gone smoke it to death Money, hos, clothes, auto-mobiles, gold grills no scrill, no deal, fifth weel, big grill wood grain sturnweel, weigh it up, be still lay it on the fish scales I'm assed out in the back seat of the Pont-i-ac Got a cup full of Con-i-ac Quarter out of hunny sacks Tell me get my money back Still broke, feel like I ain't got shit to live fo So much to kill fo C'mon, this niggas transition, ain't no use in sittin round wishin But my hands ichin, poppa need a new transmition Get my grind on, hustle that bustle to make my grip in any time zone Bundle that bubble, lets make it split We buy: peices, ounces, keys, weed, Xs, Zs nigga, please, anything you ask fo, we got what you need To these college degrees we applyin to streets, cause I'm a (hustla) Chorus: If you play the cards you delt, then you stuggle, got to put in work (hustla) And I got to be the early bird to grind and get what I deserve (hustla) If you play the cards you delt, then you stuggle, got to put in work (hustla) And I got to be the early bird to grind and get what I deserve (hustla) [spoken] Hustla. Carry many meanings.. Whether you a crook in them books whether you usin your mind or usin a 9 bootleg alcohol, or runnin the ball you must get it in. You was born a hustla an you a die a hustla. Prophit, hit 'em wit it [/spoken] I pause and refine a mighty floss, et cetera For life in a ballance, of it Lyin an shinin a beddy ro I gotta be worse than a hust fa mine (I mean) If I don't crush it then Imma bust the 9 I tell ya dog, get on the blocks in over-alls, its over y'all Wit all dem boys stay hot, said if we blow out finna go a billion time Ya know me dog, neva be a oldie dog My state of mind's on the grind like a eighths of raw Dont go trickin 'em all, Imma have you bust for all my yiggas Live for the days so we can hustle 'em all, aww! What? What? What? Aw! Aww! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Set it Out Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Skinny DeVille] Smoked the bong to the bang and got crunk Shorty with the thong and the chain's about to get nutty From my song and my hands, I ain't tryna be ya buddy Let a player cut somethin *scratching* Now it's on anything that got drunk Skully took it strong to the brain, and I'm talkin dirty to this broad, "where yo' mayne?" Think about it, till early in the mo'nin, bout 7:30 Get it on, split the Philly, light the blunt and hell it's on If ya tryna get me, then hit me on my cella-phone Really homes, take a hunnie with the silicone Tighter than an S-Type sittin right on plenty chrome Strong in the game, but not to play with anyone Yeaga like to dance, but not just to any song Gotta be the one, that rep well clear from "No perm, no fade, no brush, no comb" [Hook: Skinny] - 2X Roll somethin, drank somethin, cut somethin, what (set it out) Roll somethin, drank somethin, cut somethin, what (set it out) Roll somethin, drank somethin, cut somethin, what (set it out) Roll, drank, cut, what (set it out) [Skinny DeVille] Made the next call for the drink, and drank it straight to the head Stuck on the wall, thumbtack, but what I shoulda did Focus on the sack and sip just a little bit Blame it on the Jack D, get back to the chick Look I'm a mack, I think ya ass fulla shit It ain't the liquor talkin broad, who ya think ya foolin wit? Any nigga off the street, he game, school the chick A hoe is a hoe fa sho', and any shoe'll fit Call it what you want, blunt lit in the club crunk Drunk than a muh'fucker, split tryna cut somethin Quick now us want somethin, and the broad lookin thick Whattchu think he slicker than the liquor tryna move his dick? [Scales] Now hold up; what? Stop; huh? Somebody roll the weed up, feet up V.I.P. lookin all G'd up, hair stay P'd up Can't talk long gotta cut somethin, see ya [Hook: Skinny] - 2X Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?! Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?! Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?! Roll somethin, drink somethin, cut somethin, hold up, what?! [Hook: Skinny] - 2X [B. Stille] Nappy Roots, get it up at a sold out show Cut her to, give it up when ya tho' that dough Don't be playin no games, what I told that hoe Forget her name, but she gone lemme cut that's all I know Now I'm horny as a - pitbull Some alcohol 'case I mess around and cut somethin Get fooled, at the bar smoke somethin It's cool, hit the telly, two hens in the whirlpool [R. Prophit] Steady sippin on courvoisier Ghetto type at the bar spittin the gossip-eh That's all - lookin like Beyonce Bout to cut, stuff brown in my cup (yeaga what?) Hurry up dawg, tryna holla at these broads Tell 'em I'm a playa, watch 'em cream in her drawers Say I'm Randy Moss then her panties came off Quicker than a wide receiver runnin out on a cross Shake it off now! [Hook: Skinny] - 2X *scratching till fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken, & Gritz Song: Country Boyz Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Hook: All] We just some country boys - country walk, country talk Don't bring it round here 'less ya know fa sho' it's jumpin off We just some country boys - country walk, country talk Don't bring it round here 'less ya know fa sho' it's jumpin off [B. Stille] Uhhh.. this nigga no games (games) With my Hanes tee shirt, with a pic and roll chain (chain...) Doo-rag, heavy blue 'Lac - 85 South, don't drive it too fast (too fast) My niggaz don't roll no billies, get a big box of them brown Dutches (brown Dutches) We don't want no brand new Cartel Brandon lemme get them keys to the Cutlass (Cutlass) Represent for the M-I-L, the A-T-L, the Naptown (Naptown) Stay smokin that smackdown, keep myself a little half pound (half pound) You know B. Stille in the cut, on the back po'ch Jig drillin it up Black folks just livin it up, court next week not givin a fuck! What's up? Grown standin - only rap to them grown women (grown women) Stay high, we'll play shy, least till I can get home wittem Shorty whattchu thinkin? Whattchu drinkin? - thinkin it is what it ain't I cain't be trickin, so don't be trippin, thinkin I can't when I cain't Come on.. [Hook: All] [Skinny DeVille] Nigga hooked it up, like the waitress from the IHOP Nothin but the grits, steak, and egg with that waitin for the five dollar pancake, front-back side to side Impala, country boy, Cadillac, cat sick in the Monte Carlo All clean (twenty inches) at the seam (plenty chickens) Get the green (spit the swishers) at the Beam (shit done seem) Craziest muh'fucker, what y'all niggaz do for cream Never knock the hustle scheme, only what the cheddar bring Hate, fake-niggaz, hoes, envy, greed, jealousy Cain't take what a nigga make type of enemy Smilin in my face but they really ain't no friend to me Cain't wait, send em eight straight nine milli-mee Aww hell naw, y'all niggaz ain't feelin me! Colt 45 e'rytime like Billy D Ninety-five (?) leave through Tennessee Quarter pound with the chron' fuckin wit my memory [Hook: All] [Hook 2: Fish Scales + (R. Prophit)] Peanut butter (Rag-tops) - what's fuckin wit that?! (String beans) pork chops - what's fuckin wit that?! Dime sack (with the gnac') - what's fuckin wit that?! What's fuckin with that?! What's fuckin wit that?! Every Chevy (on dubs) - what's fuckin wit that?! (Jodi-Bodi) strip clubs - what's fuckin wit that?! Nappy Roots (hey dawg) - what's fuckin wit that?! What's fuckin wit that?! What's fuckin wit that?! [Fish Scales] Come down to the country, you won't wanna go back Vertical grills in front of the 'Lac Blunts rolled so fat, put one in my back Plus a buncha country boys wit gats, you don't want none-a that Keep - my nine - right beside me, at all times Cuz I be in the line, like somma these niggaz you find Don't want you to shine, right yea.. [R. Prophit] From the side and nine-to-nine Roll around here somethin tryna sell mine Lord know but I got a dime early time Got me feelin to', now my Eggo's cold See I'm a country boy (Huh?) Close the door (Huh?) Clinton and Gore (Huh?) Y'all been warned (Huh?) Guns and more - better hit the floor Them yeggaz want ya cuz they comin in with them laws [Fish Scales] Fuck - yo life; buck - my chife and I got my ride, fool, I'm ready to ride For my yeggaz I'ma bring it to you dead or alive [R. Prophit] Yeah that's fa sho' ya betta know that You a nasty hoe, ya betta show that Got a quiet lil' spot we can go at And if you ain't wit that, we can show you where the do' at [Hook: All] [Hook 2] *music to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Ballin' On A Budget Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Ron Clutch] I'm just a, big bang baller on a budget Dank weed, smokin like "fuck it" City slicker, country nigga, reppin straight from Kentucky Horseshoes and rabbit paws flossin, chicken closs for the lucky 40 flowers, Range Rovers, so they know the tailpipe's rusted [Big V] Country cookin, dog fightin, big-body ridin Chillin like a mug in Western Kentuck', showin love Summertime a funner time, smoke and gunner time Sippin Sprite and somethin dark, every fuckin time [Scales] Uhh, okay watch how the po' folk ball Stomp through to mall in my overalls, the black Girbaud No pager, no cellphone, no access at all Just a pack of Dutch Masters and a pint of alcohol [Skinny DeVille] My hooptie, with a down crew like Boots said You don't +Perm+, +Fuck a+ fade let my hair swang back and forth like a germ Ill nigga with sick shit, pull out this and stick it in this thick chick Baby mama drama, child support court and ain't worth the biscuit [Chorus: Skinny] Whattcha know about them backwood country folk? Whattcha know about the 'Lac bone hundred spoke? Jimmy Crack Corn; no fade, no comb Whattcha know about ballin on a budget bro? I'm just ballin on a budget yeaga (yeaga) I'm just ballin on a budget yeaga (yeaga) I'm just ballin on a budget yeaga (yeaga) It's the N the A the P-P-Y [B. Stille] Pull up, dead horns on the hood of my truck Kentucky Mud on my shoes and my socks Hungry Jack, pheffer tryna stuff some food in my gut Country cat in the cowboy hat I'm front to back put the house on that [Ron Clutch] Candied yams, chitlins, greens, and smoked country ham Chicken wings, cornbread, gran in the kitchen throwin down Eat good, tryna smoke somethin, run up on a pound Roll somethin, gut a vega tryna stuff it with a ounce [Big V] Hummin, mama cookin that mean it's Sunday mo'nin Half a pint of bootleg gin, it keep my goin Fat knot, (?) , bad daylight Cigars and happy bags, man we stay right [Scales] Aww man, we go back, like sweet pickle book clubs Nigga that was good love, summertime bathin in a foot tub Damn that shit hurt, and my jams in that shirt Atari 26, one stick, never worked [Chorus: Skinny] [B. Stille] Comin up in the woods, all I did was run barefoot Ne'er could comb my hair good My hairline grew like ten pound vines 'Tween my rib and my underware It's still a thin brown line, shit [Big V] Chores did, and ma work out on the clothin line Cool as shit, country boys out on the grind River views, picknic, big ticks covered the place Folks visit, and make it apparent to come back again [Scales] Look here, see I smoke like a fire and a drink like a fish That's it, ecstasy just ain't on my list No comb, no brush, no fade, no pick No shit, no hair and you get no dick [B. Stille] Now we love them gals that love themselves, them southern belles Them Clydesdale Kentucky gals, with muddy tails We cut them gals, no veils, no wedding bells Trick on cheap hotels, KY gels and nothin else [Chorus: Skinny] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken, & Gritz Song: Awnaw Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Yeah, haha Nappy Roots Awwnaw! [Hook] Awnaw! Hell naw! Man Y'all done up and done it Awnaw! Hell naw! Boy Y'all done up and done it Awnaw! Hell naw! Boy Y'all done up and done it Ah, y'all done up and done it Man y'all done up and done it [Fish Scales] My first song was like forty-eight bars with no hook You hear me flippin thru my pages out my favorite notebook The microphone was in the closet (What?) No headphones, we lost it Niggas scared to get some water, roaches hangin over the faucets No AC, Tez'll break a sweat just tryin to make beats E-Dubz was being a hustler, (Heeeyy man!) always flirtin with all his customers, and flat broke Nappy smokin blacks out on the back po'ch I'm thinkin I got everything a country boy could ask for [Big V] Now what we do to get here? (Say dat boy!!) Lay it down and bring it to ya raw (Say dat boy!!) Hey now we hurt some, suffered for more, takes what we work for Hated for for the cussin, but the hatred it made us cuss more Held on, but it was hard - stepped up, took charge Ran through what we scared of, but what was we afraid for? Look at what we made of, hard times done made us Being here is alright, but MUST believe we want more! Them country boys on the rise! With them big fat wheels on the side! Peep them vertical grills on the ride! And aw-awww-awww-awwwww! {Repeat Hook over this part} Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwwwwww! [Saan/Skinny DeVille] My yegga, we hogwild, bet that from that roota to that toota-file Hell naw, them country boys ain't headed south for six miles Kentucky mud, them kinfolk, twankies with them hundred-spokes Skullied on that front po'ch, plus you know they got 'dro Seventy-nine coupe DeVille vertical Caddy grill Interstate 65 headin down to Cashville Glass filled, to the tippy-top, back-seat Benz Spent my last cent on the rent, left with pocket lints A damn shame, gotta grind anythang and everythang Jimmy Crack Corn, cross the county line with Mary Jane A long time, a gravel road, to cash and fame and sold my soul To Hell and back, and back and forth, with same jeans and nappy 'fro [R Prophit] I might, hop off the Harley, smoke mine like Bob Marley Block parties with shawties, wallin like they swallowin Bacardi Them butter-skin, Prophit gutter like kin Understand you 'bout to lose ya life fuckin with THEEEMM! Them country boys on the rise! With them big fat wheels on the side! Peep the vertical grills on the ride! And aw-awww-awww-awwwww! {Repeat Hook over this part} Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwwwwww! Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwwwwww! [Repeat] Them country boys on the rise! With them big fat wheels on the side! Peep the vertical grills on the ride! And aw-awww-awww-awwwww! Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwwwwww! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Headz Up Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Use your head silly... Where yo' head at? Shawty, where yo' head at? Show me where yo' head at Shawty, where yo' head at? (that's all I know) [B. Stille] Y'all ain't never heard of B. Stille, the look that seals Screwed up coupe DeVille, peep the vertical grill Well Killa Cowboy pull the dirty cowbell Hell anyway ya do the certified playa The thickest, the thicker, the better, the pick of the litter The sicker the chicken, the bigger the dick I deliver The kidney, the liver, the shiver, the give in her BACK Make the bigger the nigger deliver the miggity-MACK! [R. Prophit] Y'all so ridiculous, hoes all up in my businesses Got 'em stuffin up my tennant biz My friend is here, so come around actin shady I warned ya like (Dick Tracy) like Warren Beatty Prophit hit it, 2-3-4-5 Kicked it off, 6-7-8-9, from behind 10-11-12, I'm... a glad man slingin geni-til y'all [Hook: Big V + (Prophit)] - 2X Want that, get that - (here we come now) Jump back, get back - (keep it goin now) Which one? this one - (think about it now) "She gon' lemme cut that's all I know" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Slums Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com *sample is cut up*  "Please baby, please don't leave" [R. Prophit] We represent the slums.. alright.. Let's get this motherfucker crunkin from Kentucky to Baghdad Ya pops was always gone but that didn't make him a bad dad We still managed to eat, and come to think wattn't half bad But Doug was always on us bout the things that we never had Now I was born in Oakland better known as the Cold Town Done seen too many folk down, some put the soul down Done heard my momma cryin if I knew what I know now I'd pro'ly have to greet the party room with the fo' pound I'm tryna keep my head on straight to keep me from catchin in case I feel my insides burnin, musta swallowed all twenty-eight I'm drinkin Milk of Magnesia, but still I ain't feelin straight Some mo' had murdered my granddad over real-estate [Hook: R. Prophit w/ sample playing in background] Represent the slums... represent the slums... Represent the slums... aww, aww, aww, aww... Represent the slums... represent the slums... Represent the slums... aww, aww, aww, aww... [Big V] Bummy, if I put it out - sucky, if I pull it out Ohh me, ya better kick it out, or ya livin in a haunted house Ran what you tried to run, came how you tried to come Did what you couldn't do, difference between me and you Slum for a while now, country for a lifetime Cool is what I choose to be, but that ain't what I used to be Muddy waters couldn't drown a nigga, bloodhounds on the trail for real Shakin up this rap shit, givin niggaz hell for real Turn a hold the dog deal, mucus and you hearin right National Geographic ain't, fuckin with this wildlife Hissin; I'm finna strike, rattlin; I'm finna bite Hell with a blue light, fuckin with no rules tonight! [Hook] - 2X [Scales] Now once again, you see me layin down the law These cowards tryna catch me like my hustle got a flaw Bitch I'm Southern bred That's where you break it down to raw and then you flush the rest I said you break it down to raw and then you flush the rest And I ain't playin witcha'll haters since y'all fucked up my order Got me playin with a gram, coulda been up to a quarter Now my cousin, called me up and said he finally did it Graduated from a handheld, to primary digits Cuz in the slums we don't work we just grind and gamble Guarunteed I got that shit, niggaz dyin to sample Now whattchu know about that work from the states of Georgia Cook so thick, collard, grits and water (we in the slums!) [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Po' Folks Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Awwww.... Mmmmm, awww.. All my life been po' But it really don't matter no mo' And they wonder why we act this way Nappy Boys gon' be okay All my life been po' But it really don't matter no mo' And they wonder why we act this way Nappy Roots gon' be okay, okay [Big V] We came in the game, plain ya see Average man when the rest was ashamed to be Nappy head and all, ain't no changin me Ooooh-oh-oh-oooh-oh-oh... So rough it was, downright wrong I tell ya Nobody never gave us nothin but tough time and made us somethin Different stretch of road, new somethin to see Every state on the map, a different somethin to eat Daps and handshakes, it meant nuttin for real Everybody makin a killin man, showin no feelins Walkin off collectin pay, it's the way of the world Can't change it, so I guess I'm gon' pray for the world Sometimes I ask myself, was I made for the world? I scream this to you, and I say it to the world Nappy then, Nappy now - Nappy for a bit Knee-deep, head over heels in this country shit! [Skinny DeVille] Even though I picture better days, I'm thankful for the chance I got to say amen The Lord done blessed me with his grace, I wish this day would never end We represent the slums, where we from, we feel they bump Polish shot off on these presidents, and hardtimes they go and come Some take up off, without the chance, to make it at all Who woulda thought Skinny'd be the one that's, makin this call Lord, help me out, tell me where I went wrong I'm tryna find a righteous path, although it's, never been long I gotta do it for my sons, they tellin me, "Daddy be strong" We gon' make it through these hardtimes even though they go and they come Ya absolutely right, for somethin happen to me on last Tuesday night It's plain as day, man they... with this World Trade Naw brave any order but confoldure Better make it home when nothin seems to matter That's when, see, everything can go - any which way They got me fooled, see the Henny with the J Front po'ch, chillin broke, country folk, I'm Nappy with my ways yo [R. Prophit] It's a blessin we woke up this mornin All my colored folk stressin, come let's join hands Got to cope with the pressures of bein po' man Poppa taught me an order, survive for no man Nappy blossomed from the Roots, course we gon' stand Prophit grew from a juvenile to a grown man Ya gotta take responsibility for ya own man Zonin, two blunts a mo'nin, by sunrise sometimes I love to hear my woman moanin, it's on again Damn I hope you play this song again The soul cleansin, the melody just rev my engine Not a lot of things but usually just appendin, but lately Been searchin for Benjamins, saw my folks locked in the tenaments And it don't make no sense (what) children and sentencin Broadcastin from the slums, that's why I'm writin these sentences Just lower my income, (what) though we ain't finish it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Start it Over Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Skinny DeVille] Fell in the dump, it's about a quarter past twelve (twelve) Skinny with the rest of Nappy comin as well (well) Any nigga in this bitch ain't confident in his gal (gal) Gonna lose it shortly after it, soon as ya put it past her We "50 Playaz Deep" in this bitch, like Drunken Master How long you think them fine days was really gonna last for? We slow and slum, you young and dumb, and clueless to disaster We creepin on ya faster than a buzzard on ya bastards Step - introduce myself, Skinny the country rapper Like hundred spoke, we tighter with that game than Sunday Pastor And the second step; I leave her mesmorized and then I blast her Mind up out the solar system with this country pimpin Plus the third dimension, need to stop look and listen We twenty-inchin to the telly plus we on a mission Skinny bigger fishin, to the well and Moby Dickin Step fo', lemme show ya how we get to dippin Count 'em [Chorus: R. Prophit] Slide on up and tap her shoulder (what?) Get in her mind and try to mold her (huh?) Back on up, let me show ya (how?) Now start it over Slide on up and tap her shoulder (what?) Get in her mind and try to mold her (huh?) Back on up, now let me show ya (aww awright) I'm ready fo' her [R. Prophit] I'ma spit it real life for ya, not cuttin no bakin soda Bet a thousand playa, now watch me make my quota This is for the pimps and playaz that practice yoga All it takes is a couple of shots and off with yo' gut Rollin in the new cotton-toed now scoot over Banana seeds is nice, baby please come closer Really wettin knots in chemistry Just a fan of MTV, now I guess the hoe en-vy me Dropped my bow, saw her bobbin her head to the beat Ol' lighty-skinned petite, ol' seductive freak She's a bad motherfucker, had ya walkin the bee Girl, where ya change at? Girl it cost to eat I feel ya dawg, Prophit never loved these hoes Never went to buy no clothes at the mall and chose to stay hard Was tryna leave my knees when weak Weavin through two plugs, took it out and shot on her mink [Chorus: R. Prophit] [B. Stille] Nappy gon' do it to ya like it ain't been done before Hardcore, all fours, on the floor, up against the door [Big V] Give her the telly key and room number to where we be tonight Aim to please tonight, tryna freak tonight [BS] Aww man I'm so thirsty could drink a pint [BV] Man I'm so hungry could eat a dyke, you hear me hollarin? [BS] I heard ya right, dirty minds; they think alike [BV] Us two guys in here, you know ya got to get live in here (True!) [BV] I wanna put it deep in yo... (ooohh!) [BS] Horizontal, diagonal, vertical, Viagra [BS] Magnum, Sir Magnus, on the matress [BV] Whylin in it, every which-a-way [BV] With this dick get it, situated [BV] Big V sophisticated with B., don't stop [BS] Get it get it, here kitty kitty [BS] Hump it like a dog, lick it like a frog [BV] Question; is it wet enough (yeah!) lemme check it (yeah!) [BS] She gettin spun like this Nappy Root record - disrespect it [Chorus: R. Prophit] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Blowin' Trees Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Yes sir... Nappy Roots... Well.. I gotta go.. Aww.. alright.. [R. Prophit] I find myself up in the sky again, fly-in So sincere, my dear, when I leave I cry within It's lonesome here, candy painted oh so clear Represent the slums, Nappy through most of the year (Nappy Roots!) Shouts out to Aaliyah, live the life and very career On my wall I gotcha picture, God pray witcha It's all on us, Nappy Boys 'In God We Trust' Regardless what, this ya boy R. Prophit whassup?! [Hook: Big V] Nappy head and all, is the life for me Grand Marnier and we blowin trees This is the life God chose for me, chose for me Nappy head and all, is the life for me Grand Marnier and we blowin trees This is the life God chose for me, chose for me, chose for me [Ron Clutch] I lent my apple comb to homes, gave my favorite brush away Went from baldheaded to all-dreaded, to just enough to braid It could be my lucky day, Nappy shirted up the shades Think I'm frontin, I'm cuttin somethin.. with my trucks and blades [B. Stille] Let that man speak, step up - grab all my meat Greet you with my balls and my word in every handshake You damn straight, you worthless queer, price this landscape Awake, to a plate - of a homemade pancake Used to picture myself at the NFL Draft I just couldn't remove the lens cap but I still kept my mouthpiece and my chinstrap [Ron Clutch] I dread it all for a pimp hat Big body hog, new rag-top, pitch black [Big V talking] Being average is ok, being different is alright Long as you stay in your means Then you know you keepin it real with yo'self And that's Nappy right there... [Hook] [Scales] I'm in the '81 'Lac Seville, but got spend Limo tint, but see we ridin it like it's a Benz Clamp somethin like a clam (Puff somethin like a pimp) I'm cuttin corners most players won't attempt [Skinny DeVille] Skinny slum type, betcha bottom dollar that's fa sure Nappy gonna be alright, through ups and downs and back and fer' What the hell ya talkin bout? How much it cost to floss and ball We did it on a budget, rep the country till we fall [Scales] Playa we in (Nappy!) enter this biz My love is in the slums and the people that's near They love me dawg, do anything for me dawg Make a livin outta whattchu call ugly dawg! [Skinny DeVille] With nothin left to lose, we get it in, but Nappy Roots done paid the dues Hustlin, backwards-ass nigga this one here's for you You in the way, get out the game We comin through, with shit to prove Ain't nan thing you can tell me 'fore observin what we bout to do [Hook] *music fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Sholiz Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Sholiz... Yean know dat? [Skinny DeVille] Yo, I snuck a dollar out my momma purse, headed for that juice joint Twenty worth of Colt, 75 to the crossroads 'Lac bone, filled to the gills on a gravel road How to roll, X and a O make a heavy load Nappy on the track make ya back hit the dance flo' Drivin like a grandma, actin like an asshole (Skinny who?) Sholiz folk, whattcha ask fo'? Ballin on a budget, fuck ya dubs on the astro [Scales] Uhh, no more Grand Martin get a fifth of Goose and a duck with goose, don't need shit with juice Look at me dawg, you can tell I'm southern bred Wear alotta blue but I love the red [B. Stille] Somethin all black, think mad cuz I act like I'm all that Tight braid red bean under my straw hat Tripped over ya jaw, ya ain't think I saw that, huh? [Chorus: Skinny] - 2X Whassup, my folks sholiz Peoples in slums just slump, sholiz Nappy with the country bump, sholiz This is what the country want, yep it sholiz [Scales] Fish Scales scuba divin on a remote island Me and Skinny D, Big V (?) These guys suprise us, depicts us like bubble letters Is that a hoochie, and some coochie cutters? Hey bitch ya look good Really wanna play in the trench but I should If ya come sit on this dick I might would Hold up hater, I don't want no disrespect I don't want shit but next... [B. Stille] Oops came through spillin my pitcher Scales in the back feelin the swisher Thought you knocked me out the frame, but I'm still in the picture Thought at first Nappy was lame, but I'm willin to bet ya We'll sell more next year [Skinny DeVille] Good God Almighty, look at what we have here Old English, malt 50, somethin clear We gon' cut the shit talk -- Skinny with the steel gonna drop it down, weigh it up and lay it on the scale (*cutting*) w/ "Sholiz" repeated [B. Stille] Come on, gut out the last of the greens Hit the club so fresh and so clean Bitches love the cess, I'm smok-ing Remove they O-Ring, then soon elop-ing Take my last swallow now we spinnin the bottle I'ma get me a model - you'd have a better chance winnin the lotto Twenty dollars, check 'em in the Ramada Gotta leave the do' open so Skinny can follow [Skinny DeVille] Yep sholiz, takin no shit Get the chance again, we dip then blow wig Nappy with the sho' shot, yeaga know this We run up in this bitch and get so rich [Scales] Aww now everybody ain't rich, they just wanna be flashy Tryna big ball like Drama and Jazzy Playa you don't understand this B.O.B. That's the reason these drinks can't be on me [Chorus] - 2X [short conversation] [Chorus] - 4X {*cuts until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Life's a Bitch Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [talking] Aye man, I wonder what's gon' happen the minute my cash get dropped You ever thought about that Skinny? Nope? Shit what about you Scales mayne? I'm-I'm unsure mayne I got alotta, lotta question that need to be answered True we all got questions, but dawg I got questions I got a lot on my mind, just just just get me a blunt man, just fire it up man Man... [Big V] Now fire up the weed, cuz one day I'm gon' pro'ly burn The Ten Commandments in life, never my concern Thing on my mind was, "get 'em, fore they get you" Thing on my mind was, "stick 'em fore they stick you" That's why niggaz know, I'm bout the game before peace Cuz being free-hearted that's where it leave you deceased Cold world, cold game - they gon' split ya thang and bang shit out the car what, would drive the average man insane Ghetto love, ghetto life, ghetto death; then ya gone And after I'm deceased I'll know life gon' go on And what about my sons - will they do what daddy didn't finish? Will the light come to a close, shortly after my decision? What about daddy girl? Will she do what I wanted? Or will she break my heart and let these, niggaz up on it? [Hook: Big V] Life's a bitch! I swear to God, you take your chances! Too many questions, and not enough answers! Life's a bitch! You take your chances! Too many questions, and not enough answers! Life's a bitch! You take your chances! Too many questions, and not enough answers! Life's a bitch! You take your chances! Too many questions, and not enough answers! [Ron Clutch] I'm on the verge of losin my mind, this quarter is my last nerve I done served my last dime, standin on this crack curb It's absurd - I been on this block, from the first to the third Rocked a 'Bird and seen two niggaz shot and left for dead in the dirt I'm concerned if I die by the glock, will my soul soon burn? My past clash with my future then, take a drastic turn I'm submerged knee-deep in this here, but those around can soon return Morality's hotter than burn, makin they hearts they burn and say "Fuck the world!" We all going to Hell for some, shit that we deserve But first we was promised a hearse and a chance on earth to visit church, for what it's worth I'm tryna make ammends for all the sins that occured The uncontrollable urge that emerged when I, snatched that lady's purse and the, last week that I slurred, when I, cursed on every verse Inevitable but well rehearsed, freezin my hunger as well as my thirst This glock; ready to burst, on any fools I encounter first with the, maximum amount of force, even if, worst comes to worst Cuz life's a bitch! [Hook: Big V] [Scales] My total first, nineteen seventy-six Welcome to the world - I did 12 months for this shit? Moms and pops couldn't get along - older brothers gettin grown Now I got nothin but this dice I'm sittin on At night I'm closin my eyes, and thinkin about my folks that died Tryna sleep on 'em, thinkin I ain't supposed to cry Uncle (?); he just died from too much alcohol And all he wanted was a fifth and pack of Paul Mall And moms was hard gettin back, grew up on (?) I'm tryna cut down on drinkin but that's a lost cause Guess we don't learn our lesson until we all fall These racist cops got niggaz writin they own laws Please God, don't let 'em take us Just tell momma I meant well, in time don't let me wake up Please God! Don't let them folks take us Sincerely, I meant well, in time don't let me wake up [Hook: Big V] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken, & Gritz Song: My Ride Typed by: Spurlock14@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (SKINNY DEVILLE) feelin easy like its sunday morning steak and eggs hey livin off some big rims lookin like some blades play her like a pimp type a nigga aint me with the tint the 35 percent so ya cant see fish scales shotgun pass the "L" to big V flip flop candy lookin so wet it drip drop (shiiiine) from the tip top chrome double duce make a bitch stop jaw drop ballin off this hip hop on a budget back and forth from kentucky we them type of niggas that crack corn in a bucket a hundred and ninety spoke god damn look but dont touch it we commin down I-65 nappy and company (vertical grills) on the cadilac we so real skinny deville return like a bat out of hell hell dont ya think nappy roots comin as well Big V, B. Stille, Prophet, Clutch, and Fish Scales yeaahh CHORUS My ride be sittin on dem hundred spokes (hundred spokes) my candy paint straight from the honeycomb (honeycomb) wood grain interior leather and chrome (leather and chrome) everybody ride out its on its on (its on its on) (FISH SCALES) ay yo thats my cab jumped out leavin a tab hold on man we'll discuss that later B. jumped out like (fuck that hater) fell in the aspen rotten like martin two white dudes one looked like matt harprin later on he's eatin and ball in cleavland and I jumped out like fuck your season van dam woke up in the grand am real hot no air for the car jam twenty inches ride both on probes look nice chevrolet on pipes keep chevy tint that twinkle so bright B.O.B im'a ball on budget pumped out two thou on the 89 cutlass (biiitch) nah you cant ride im selfish aint too many ho's wanna touch this velvet CHORUS (B. STILLE.) hop in with me we bout to leave you gotta pop it I drope a dollar in ya pocket gas up the crotch rocket pass up the cops blocked it (hey B. Stille can I role with you and Prophet) extra clean you cant tell me nean drop the top showin off for the summa  the cadilac stretch on dem bow legged stillets where the candy paint sets like a wet cigarette bubble coat primers chrome spiders inside us big enough for my team and a couple of trainers but it hold no minors thats major  wood grain and ya get deep beaters big features  feel boom from the beats in my big speakers its on in my seats and my signature dont throw dirt on my name no shirt as I lean out the window pane you hear the country boy sang CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: One Forty Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Ron Clutch] No more wine for me, no more dimes of weed Cuz I'm tryin to see, if my mind can reach The level of the game that we die to see I'm talkin bout naturally where ya mind is free See I'm a dying breed, a country-fried emcee I used to rhyme for free, but now I rhyme for cheese See it was bound to be, when there's mouths to feed and there's bills to pay, somethin gotta give way The way I feel today, I could care less Cuz my mind is made, yeah my hair's a mess I don't bother to shave, I walk around bare chest like a candy face, like I'm wearin a vest I dare ya to test, I push a hundred-five reps Showin off my pecs, triceps and biceps I'm all for the cause, ready to die next I'm all for the cause, ready to die next.. We don't even talk about it we live it, we live it  (How you gon' tell me how to live my life?)  (Can't nobody tell me how to live my life) And if you think you can take it from us, come get it, come get it  (How you gon' tell me how to live my life?)  (Can't nobody tell me how to live my life) [Chorus Part 2] - 2X (This life?) - it's mine (It's yours?) - it's mine (That's right) - it's mine (That's yours) - this mine [B. Stille] Now ah, when I was a, young man There was a couple of things poppa put in my head Never; sit down when ya need to stand Never; drink down all ya dreams and plans Poppa, what's that inside ya glass? "Don't do as I do boy, do as I ask" See ah - do it right if ya gon' do it that fast and - don't do it if ya gon' do it half-assed Well, since then I been an over-achiever Smoker and drinker, only I would opened my blinkers And I'm broke, so I guess I gotta choke on my finger Cuz I need to come up, ah I'm just a dreamer A hustle schemer, these cops be corrupt like Rupp Arena Try an bust my weiner, with these court subpeonas - petty misdemeanors "Boy you ain't worth..." like student like teacher [Chorus Pt. 2] - 2X [Skinny DeVille] Same jeans in the spring that I strut in the fall No comb, no fade, no nothin at all I'll give a finger for the haters and one for the law Sounds fine, Nappy Roots; a little somethin for y'all Get a dutch, jump the gultch, then stuff it with straw Get higher than a motherfucker, deep in the call Hit the liquor sto', makin mo', fifth and I pause Get love tryna cut, got ya dick and balls Awww, hell naw then broads at the wall Big pimpin on a budget, tryna make it the mall Thank the Lord, for just livin, makin the most 'Scuse me, anybody got change I can borrow? Dime? Caught a penny tryna get to the mall Wanna buy me some ice too, slip it and fall Oops silly me, big nuts and they gone Didn't see that shit comin like a truck in the fall [Chorus Pt. 2] - 2X [R. Prophit] Lemme hear ya say... Nappy Roots see ya dawg, all my yeagaz... It's that life B, gotta make that choice... It's all on you... Lemme hear ya say... Lemme hear ya say... Lemme hear ya say... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Dime, Quarter, Nickel, Penny Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Skinny DeVille] I broke a dollar down the gutter (?) the dime, quarter, penny, nickel Flipped the 25 to 50 cent, now watch the bitch triple Game simple, ya here today, tomorrow ya ain't Now who the hell gon' save it right That ain't gon' change the way you think I took a buck fifty, ballin on a budget, bought a Dutch Quickly spilled it and I stuffed it with that chunky from Kentucky Man that blunt did it, sour then McDonald's make the world pick (If any nigga got it) Shit Skinny finna get it (Get it) While it's gettin good and hold it for a minute Let that shit bubble, weigh it up and chop it when it's finished (We gon' drop it when it's finished) for some dollars and some pennies Like a dime relentless, Nappy niggaz all about the Benji's (Benji?) Not the dog naw, we're talkin bout the dead prez Slaw, with the hog mall, chicken wing and fed bread Dough like the cash flow, finna keep my fo-cus Spinnin like a twenty picture Skinny in a cold pit (Spinnin like a twenty picture Skinny in a cold pit?) Boy yeain't know that money make the world go Hustle up them pennies, now full force real slow [Stille] Dime, quarter, nickel, penny [Skinny] Damn, ain't it funny how we all about the Benji's? [Stille] Dime, quarter, nickel, penny [Scales] Won't you give me a dollar since ya got so many [Stille] Dime, quarter, nickel, penny [Skinny] Damn, ain't it funny how we all about the Benji's? [Stille] Dime, quarter, nickel, penny [Scales] Won't you give me a dollar since ya got so many [B. Stille] (Whatchu want man?) (?) said a hundred for that Super happiness, a blunt and a sack Who could we feel like this, I don't need no crack Weed smoke comin out the front of the 'Lac (chrome) Gun in the lap and a gun in the back Come to realize we was goin that fast I blink my eyes, follow runnin my tags (get out the car) Next time I travel somewhere dirty I'ma come in a cab [Scales] I can't knock all the rocks you rock How I'ma cop all them yachts ya got? You get props on the bop-she-bop Let's keep it all the way Nappy, when you hot you HOT! Burn up a dime, sell a nickel at the corner Throw a penny in the jukebox, damn it's outta order Spinnin air, fumes blowin, silver spoons (Rick Shroeder) The dollar value gets shorter as you get older   Hey come here for a minute   Don't tell nobody I told you but uh... The dollar value gets shorter as you get older [R. Prophit] Aww, y'all boys done up and done it, spun it, flaunt it Jump my motorbike doin about a hundred, one gun and I'm blunted Everybody fend for they self - they tell me strong-arm while it's only ten on the shelf (watch out! watch out!) Like this, Galloping Ghost flow ferocious Break down bones like osteoperosis (ohh!) Prophit's in a coma, back stuffed with explosives Postage to the White House, fuck all that bullshit It's kinda funny, everybody love money to death Not that, 3% control America's wealth Need some help? Look at yourself, sure ya do Y'all feel like "fuck the world?" me too (?), can't get rich being complacent Know ya gotta rebel when ya can't make a payment Water like ice cubes for big faces Face it, we're livin with racists, outrageous Wild, host-ile, shake up stages, contagious Young baby don't have patience, what my name is? R. Prophit (yes sir?) sing the cadence Dime, quarter, nickel, penny... Dime, quarter, nickel, penny... Dime, quarter, nickel, penny... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Kentucky Mud Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Chorus: Skinny] Trunk funk and the Cadillac thump, really loud Puff skunk in the back of the junk, get really live Trunk funk and the Cadillac thump, really loud Puff skunk in the back of the junk, get really live [Skinny DeVille] That's the Nappy Boys, travellin on the dirt road with Kentucky Mud What's to love? A Cadillac somethin like a DeVille, it may be dubbed Southbound, headed back to the west, and DeVille downtown I'm takin it to the flat, hit up the Hollow back in J-Town See my Cave folks got that grey pound, we hit the interstate Straight be blowin like a freight train, ain't tryna catch a case We take the back road off in Glasgow, we can travel it with no hassle Shoot through Roscoe, back in A-Town like a king off in his castle [Big V] Government homes be the cribs with the fun it it Pound of weed, a couple of freaks, and a gun in it City slick if you want, but us; we be slummin it (?) if ya have it and put crumbs in it [Chorus 2] - 2X Kentucky Mud! Damn right folk nuttin but love! Big truck roll through yeaga nuttin but slums! Kentucky Mud! Damn right folk nuttin but love! And these blocks don't hold yeaga nuttin but uhh..! Kentucky Mud! [Big V] Simple life back to its hardest again Farmer in the dell, I'll be damned it's harvest again Get it in, get it in, hey boy - cook it and eat it Hit the bar for relaxation and a BAG of cheeba Planes to catch, shows to do, reps to lose LOTS of game, nothin to lose, payin the dues Tryna get ours, winnin to lose Brought in the game, then we was applied to the rules, whoo! [Skinny DeVille] Back to the field with hustlers, take anything and make work We catch ya slippin, we just might get up and truck and take yours These parts are packed with pimps and the players hate on the gangsters Take only what you make first, bump to wake the neighbors [Chorus 2] - 2X [Scales talking] Kentucky Mud throw ya hands up Put 'em together like this C'mon, c'mon, Nappy Roots in this, whoo! Kentucky Mud is the shhhhh... Yeah, so throw ya hands up high! high! Put 'em together like this Nappy Roots in this, whoo! Kentucky Mud is the shhhhh... [B. Stille] Nappy Roots, steak and 'tatas, eggs and bacon The rooster crowed so I know it was time for me to awaken *rooster call* Country livin, and the country cookin in a country kitchen Good intention and strong religion, it's a strong tradition Kicked to mud off my boots and dust off my pants and Just came from the ranch but they swear we was (?) B. Stille and them be chillin, spendin the time with our children Finna mail off my stamps and we'll be grillin Step offa this Kentucky Mud... [Chorus 2] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ The Barkays Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Ho Down Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com It was a ho-down... Another ho-down... It was a ho-down... Another ho-down... [Skinny DeVille] Walked into the club and farted Damn! Look at shawty - off in the cut actin naughty Eye contact, made sure that she saw me Said y'all, don't get it twisted like I'm ballin Down south stripper from New Orleans, thick as mud Baby show me love, with a little tittie rub Said, "hit me later on baby, maybe we can what?" Said, "sound like a plan" wit my hand on her butt But shit hit the fan sho' nuff, nigga hold up Baby doll had a man, matta fact was a soldier Ain't that a beyotch! He was sittin on the sofa Smokin on some doja, tryna see some exposure Had the whole spot sold up - legs tired Bar done closed up, all of a sudden her man showed up Automobiles, planes, and locomotives Train with the focus see both ran through hunger Tag-teamed that beyotch, then I called my niggaz over They smashed in the 'Lac, popped that twat like a soda Fuckin with his wife so you know when I ain't sober And niggaz in the back seat with the freak in the Nova It was a ho-down [Chorus: The Barkays + (Skinny)] I can't believe that she's real... (it was a ho-down) The way she makes me feel... (another ho-down) If you knew what I knew... (it was a ho-down) You would be down in there too... (another ho-down) [Scales] Uh, now peep game of a star, stepped out the car Walked through the door, checked the bitch at the bar Eyeing her down, while I split my cigar Can I offer you a drink or some dick in the park? (haha) You know I'm just sayin that to get you mad But you knowin damn well I wanna hit yo' ass Yo I ain't the type of nigga that be jumpin the gun But you lookin like a dime piece and I'm huntin for one What's ya name? Nah, better yet, what's ya game? Wanna ride in the Navigator, switchin four lanes? Or chill up in the bedroom, sniffin cocaine? Said she's the type of girl to get down with no shame And everything I said before was no thang We ran outside, and jumped in the ride Next thing I know I'm gettin head while I drive Eyes open wide, down 65 (it's a ho-down) [Chorus] - 2X [B. Stille] (It was a ho-down) I knew it was all great When the hoe caught me late in room 508 Oh she got live on tape, the price was low-rate Plus she had a nice showcase, you thought she was ya soulmate? Just because she got some shove in her can Doesn't mean your 'sposed to go and fall in love with her man Kissin and huggin and actin, in love with her man Takin her out to restaurants and, rubbin her hands If you knew what I knew, you wouldn't do what you do But it's true that you, had no clue what she do Cuz you trust her through, thick and thin You missed it when, she was gettin live offa fifth of Gin Get rammed in by me, while she lick my friends When she finally came home you probably kissed her then (lame-o) The more you tried to claim the hoe was an angel The quicker I realized the freak was a stank-hoe (it was a ho-down) [Chorus] - 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Watermelon, Chicken & Gritz Song: Headz Up Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Use your head silly... Where yo' head at? Shawty, where yo' head at? Show me where yo' head at Shawty, where yo' head at? (that's all I know) [B. Stille] Y'all ain't never heard of B. Stille, the look that seals Screwed up coupe DeVille, peep the vertical grill Well Killa Cowboy pull the dirty cowbell Hell anyway ya do the certified playa The thickest, the thicker, the better, the pick of the litter The sicker the chicken, the bigger the dick I deliver The kidney, the liver, the shiver, the give in her BACK Make the bigger the nigger deliver the miggity-MACK! [R. Prophit] Y'all so ridiculous, hoes all up in my businesses Got 'em stuffin up my tennant biz My friend is here, so come around actin shady I warned ya like (Dick Tracy) like Warren Beatty Prophit hit it, 2-3-4-5 Kicked it off, 6-7-8-9, from behind 10-11-12, I'm... a glad man slingin geni-til y'all [Hook: Big V + (Prophit)] - 2X Want that, get that - (here we come now) Jump back, get back - (keep it goin now) Which one? this one - (think about it now) "She gon' lemme cut that's all I know" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Good God Almighty Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com Yo Alright It's that new Wooden Leather [Skinny Deville] Yo, well it's a new day, full off them grits You cooked the Sunday meal at 6 Lets get it while this gettin good cause Granny ain't gon' live forever Season changin, we like these dependin on the weather Look what we doin, summer's ruined, fall y'all pack y'all sweater Somebody told me war was comin, y'all just stack y'all cheddar, better I checked my mail the other day and Sam done sent a letter I opened it and line for line it said I was a sucka The nerve of this motherfucker, claimin he's my uncle Good God almighty, Lord have mercy, think that we's in trouble Please send some help like quick, fast, do it on the double (9-1-1) The line been busy for days, hell maybe weeks I've been tossin and turnin, back and forth, ensurin my 40 winks [Ron Clutch] Yeah I feel you dude I be watchin the tube, toastin the rude Notice the news ain't nothin but scandals and murder War and destruction, poor keep sufferin Lord it's troublin, the more you be hustlin the more you strugglin [Chorus - Skinny DeVille] (R. Prophet) Well good God almighty look at what we have here (And it feels so good to be herrrrrre) I said good God almighty look at what we have here (Welcome, this is Wooden Leather) Well good God almighty look at what we have here (And it feels so good to be herrrrrre) I said good God almighty look at what we have here (This is now Wooden Leather) [Big V] Trouble in my life got me hollerin baby We be at 'em poor so I'm goin crazy Anthrax on letters, little daddy just paged me War got me worried, I been prayin lately How will I live? Listen here, "life is still a bitch" Money don't change shit, stuck in the same shit To get it all, gotta risk it all or forget it dawg A winner ain't a quitter and a quitter ain't a winner [R. Prophit] I just be steppin around the block cause I was doin my thing My crew been kickin off all them rocks, just let my cellular ring V said he heard a couple of shots, word is that they copped them a sting I burn shit once my lyric drop, one false move and you're stained We're pushin 'em 10 dollars a pop and I got exact change It's like investin in NASDAQ had me caught in the rain I'm 'bout to pull the mask out and have 'em screamin in vain And I be puttin them tracks out and it's all for the brain [B. Stille] - *singing* Well we done seen everything under the sun And been done what shouldn'ta been done Y'all never heard of the blacks still young Now that's one bad son-of-a-gun [B. Stille] - *rapping* Steppin out in the cowboy banana brim Once you rockin camel skin like damn a Timb DJ make this record spin, let my family in Management go get the checks so we can begin [Scales] Well if it's good never turn it down Wood still burn it down And learn how to handle them Plans you can cancel them (cancel them) [R. Prophit] - *singing* What you know no good And what you know no good What you know no good And what you know no good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Nappy Roots Day Typed by: Brandongodby@yahoo.com, CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com [Big V] Heyyyyyy! One of em's fat and loud, second one's black and proud Third one's drunk and wild, fourth one slim and sly One of em's just shy, last one young and wise Homegrown, battle tested, you gon' love these guys Brotherhood all you got, the best story told yet Bonded against all odds, ain't no tearin them apart Swore, panic, vile, till death do 'em in Even in reincarnation they would do it again [Ron Clutch] Who would ever thought six different strands would lock together, locked forever Rockin +Leather and Wood+, told you +Chicken and Grits+ go good with some +Watermelon+ albums sellin coast to coast, across the seas, Gave everything we could, our tears, our sweat, our blood, cause [Chorus - Nappy Roots]  I am because we are, we are because I am Everbody say (We are a holiday) Now throw your hands to the sky, turn up the music just right We representin, why? (We are a holiday) We are because I am, I am because we are Hey, it's Nappy Roots Day! (We are a holiday) Now throw your hands to the sky, bounce to the music we write We represintin, why? (We are a holiday) [B. Stille] (R. Prophet) Now we stronger than wood, playa (we tougher than leather) Us yeaga's hustle together (uh-uh, not just for the cheddar) Look here we trustin each other (say, "um you fuck with my brother?") You gotta suffer the repercussions, we come from the gutter (White Kangol, white classics, striking suit with the matches) Capitals came from the ostrich, blowin smoke out the nostrils (Prolly trouble with student loans, we struggle for too long) But now we can move on, put that on my tombstone WE ARE BECAUSE I AM, AIN'T HARD TO UNDERSTAND IT Far from a shootin star (rather play on my planet) Power, respect (demand it) to us nothin was handed PLAY IT AS LOUD AS YOU CAN AND, SAY IT JUST HOW WE PLANNED IT [R. Prophet] Bring out your kids and treat 'em, cotton candy plus freedom Raise one for cows and feed 'em, sweet as Shirly Temple's singin Clown on the carousel horse, spin on the ferris wheel Its magic floatin, smokin, takin up a call from Fish Scales [Scales] Man, we livin straight, health plans and real estates Weapons we put away, we reachin out with Nappy Day [R. Prophet] Sparklers light up the dark, fireworks in the park [Scales] We eatin - shrimp a la carte, red wine, holly tart Like soldiers comin home, watchin after war's gone Sky's rainin confetti, singin out the Nappy meddlies Get rid of felonies, wash away with melodies Irish to Ebonies, Haitians to the Lebonese [Skinny Deville] As I jot down in my notepad some days considered important to me The birth of my son, the day I signed my first recordin agreement It was sorta like my soul to the devil and I was kinda like allowin him to keep it But the true essence of this art form can't be confined to temptation and evil Lost some folks on the grind to this bullshit but my real yeagas stuck around So this day's a tribute a celebration, I am because we all stay down Shit, I'ma keep it Nappy 365 and 7 days a week We fortunate to make it out that trap cause the forest roots stay runnin deep Yup [Outro - Scales] (Skinny Deville) Today I'm feelin so alive, alive... We ride, ride... (September 16th) Today I'm feelin so alive, alive... We ride, ride... (September 16th) Today I'm feelin so alive, alive... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Roun' the Globe Typed by: jgully87@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist The whole damn world is country... The whole damn world is country... [Skinny DeVille] Yeah... Aww man, the grass done got green on the other side of the fence So I hopped my ass over to see if I was convinced Fast paced city life, but country livin's the sense Cop me a Caddy say to hell with a Benz Benz, Benz, twenty inch rims I can't leave the vertical grill back at the ranch Got a "Phat" farm with with cows and whole lotta land Twenty acres (???) [B. Stille] Meanwhile up in the D where they hollowin up dope And thugs blow weed in the park when the club close In Mil-waukee the beats it petro Off in D.C., the streets is ghetto Let's roll - to Cali where they chief the best 'dro And drive cars so big you can't reach the pedal Never had a glass of purple juice for breakfast Until I took my ass to Houston, Texas, that's country! The whole damn world is country Been all around the globe from Monday to Sunday Y'all the same folk we see in Kentucky (it must mean) The whole damn world is country Been all around the globe from Monday to Sunday Y'all the same folk we see in Kentucky (it must mean) The whole damn world is country [Big V] (???) they was sportin, Jordans and Waltons Went in for the cage, and winded up staying In Kentucky it was meth but Miami they was basing Rap my ass off then I'll see ya at the Bassment Hit VA, where they do nothing but cook Carolina, Indiana, Alabama, Savannah Boston, Denver, and all points between Tennesse, Florida, ain't nothing love for ya [R. Prophit] Now shake it, bounce, sit back and let ya hair blow Spanish chicas waving, hasta luego Pearl white drop, weather's bueno They say opposites attract, I'm a moreno (whispered: ???) so clear (whispered: ???) my clear (???) girl, all she wanna do is (???) Top of the hill, take the breath from her lungs (Country boys been overseas) Toppin it off, London, Germany [R. Prophit] Now shake it, bounce, sit back and let ya hair blow Ladies make ya hands clap like bueno Now shake it, bounce, sit back and let ya hair blow Holla atcha boy, hasta luego... [Scales] I'll prolly say a prayer for those that come back Might could throw somethin on the grill when you come back Might could take a trip to the 'Ville and then back We can all get loose on the 'Ports, and of course Hit Churchill Downs and throw some on a horse Or we can hit them Saint Claire waters You ain't seen country till you been through Georgia God durn, they still got girls with perms (dang) Big cars, big wheels is the biggest concern [Ron Clutch] My old Kentucky home, I was born and raised on catfish and corn, collard greens and fatback It's country than a mug, don't care where ya stay Ya got country in ya blood if ya love 'em and that's that Circled the globe, met the important and paid Now I know for a fact that... [Chorus] 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Lac Dogs & Hogs Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com *Cars revving* [Chorus 4x - Nappy Roots] (Yes) Oh yes it's them Lac Dogs, Caddy Hogs and D.T.S.'s (Oh yes) It's them Lac Dogs, Caddy Hogs and D.T.S.'s [Verse 1 - Skinny Deville] Skinny talkin bout that wood with that custom leather, bangin down I-65 Slaw and slum but dubs are better, who you think gon' keep it live? It's Nappy bitch, what have to come Pay attention, learn your lesson, yup We them country folk with Caddy Hogs and D.T.S.s, Lac Dogs What you think that Nappy gon' be broke forever? Shit naw Hit the bank and cashin in on old investments What, you ain't know about them country fried sessions? Does that Likwit hit in '97 +Answer+ all yo' +Questions+? Kentucky's on the map now, who you think done gave directions? From the top and back down, we rep the country to perfection Don't it look so slum with 55 from New York down to Texas? Hella poor straight from the South and haters must respect this [Verse 2 - Ron Clutch] (Let me tell you about it) When I first got my baby she could barely start A-hand-me-down from a real O.G., all day she stayed in park Almost never did she drive Born in 1979 And she weighed about a ton Big ol' body built to run First thing I done, hauled her over, had her hummin G notes Underneath her hood, hundreds of horses powered her ego Her government name was Coup Deville but I called her Miss Piggy Top her with some (?) and fit her for some twenties (twenties) Playas hate that I be trickin like she's all that I'm love with So we took her to the edge and shoved it and still "Ball out on a Budget" Dug in her guts, laced her up with leather and wood Together it go good, us country boys forever stay hood [Verse 3 - B. Stille] You shove that shit that go bump bump bump bump And ya, shake the lock off her muh'fucker trunk When ya, hit the block make her muh'fucker jump Roll your window down, stop, look like somethin like a pimp Roll that window back up, and show 'em they reflection and their ultrafade Then chop on that sucka like Wesley's +Blade+ Escalade D.T.S., switch it up, keep them haters on they toes Red Rolls, Fleetwood hoes Can't believe it, when they see them twenty fo's, believe it My ham and cheese the freshest Now what I'm talkin bout? I give you three guesses [Verse 4 - Big V] You feel the wind, don't ya? You hear the tires squallin Kentucky, Colorado, Boston down to New Orleans Big bodies get it done, Dodge Ram preferably Cause they do run run, they do run run Black magic, lookin better then Wesson fryin a pan of fish Gangsta leanin like they do in Los Angeles (that's gangsta) Adjective, describin what I'm rollin in Them country fellas ain't gon' stop it, we on the road again [R. Prophet] God damn, yes I am, the thriller with the skrilla Got plans, Pac fan +Strictly 4 my N.I.G.G.A.Z.+ Stop starin, we not playin Armor color kryptonite Rims nice but thank God our dreams came to life Fast roller, cash swoll up The mind mold up The crowd hold us Soldiers quick to throw they rags when I roll up Dimes is quarters Sell liquor, my rhymes is colder Prophet never look this fine since I grinded Cola Roll up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Wooden Leather Song: Sick & Tired Typed by: brandongodby@yahoo.com, CelticsPrincess1@aol.com [Chorus - Anthony Hamilton] I'm sick and tired of bein criticized I'm sick and tired of barely gettin by I'm sick and tired of not livin right I'm sick and tired of bein sick and tired I'm sick and tired of bein pushed aside I'm sick and tired of callin folks for rides I'm sick and tired of this petty life I'm sick and tired of bein sick and tired  [Big V] What is life? What is makin it? For peace is there a price? They tell me if you rich you only got to worry about more shit The house, and the car notes, child support and kin people Kick those, "Mo' Money, Mo' Problems" that's how the shit goes [B. Stille] Man, I'm gettin tired of runnin and duckin (quit runnin then) Specially when I ain't did nothin (do somethin then) Out here in these cold streets hustlin Po', tryin to make this dough, before the police bustin in [Scales] And then it's what it coulda been, shoulda been Find yourself outside lookin in, givin up, feelin stuck Mad at the world cause you down and they gettin up Mad at yourself cause you know you shouldn't be givin up [Skinny Deville] I'm tired and sick, of bummin rides, on top of that my nine to five Sucks for a couple bucks and change, now what's the reason why? My luck, don't amount to fuck, no matter how hard I try I'm stuck in a 22, now +catch+ me when I'm sick and tired [Ron Clutch] Prophet, check this out I'm gettin tired of mama breakin her neck for the paycheck They makin her sweat, seem like everyday she stressed [R. Prophet] I've had up to here with pussy footers actin like we owe you somethin Let's see you-know-who like I'm supposed to throw you somethin [Ron Clutch] I'm gettin tired of daddy puchin the clock, scarin his knuckles He tired of the hustle, he feel the pain deep in his muscles [R. Prophet] Seems like the media portray us against bein rich Like we shouldn't enjoy shrimp and occasional trips [Ron Clutch] While my baby brother scrappin with his baby mother Deep down I know he love her but he shoulda worn a rubber [R. Prophet] I'm sick and tired of players down to do us bodily harm Like them Country Boys ain't at the range firing arms [Ron Clutch] And my little sister think she grown, wanna make it on her own I ain't bring you in this world, but you still my baby girl [R. Prophet] I'm fed up when I feel like this My yeagas keep your heads up, we pray and kneel for this [Big V] Keep it real, remember God, don't change, sign this Don't forget where you come from, you got some money gimme some You different, fuck you, man I got your first tape You always gon' be Vito to me, so get out my face [Scales] (I know what you mean dog) Tired of people who complain, always 'bout the same thing First you learn to maintain, after that create change See we gettin up and gettin out Playa what you jokin and you kiddin 'bout? Change is what we gettin out [Skinny Deville] What they say? I ain't livin well All day and night, I struggle hustle just to pay the dues Now I gotta keep the lights on and ain't got no time for lay and snooze Damn man, who made these rules? What think about they amused I'm sick and tired but I can't stop, no matter if they say I lose [B. Stille] Yup, we still smoke weed, and my wife is curious 'bout how much she can get me on for life insurance But still was bummin, no problem, that's when life was purist "Mo' Money, Mo' Problems" - that's right Notorious [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Twang Typed by: invisicellx@hotmail.com, CelticsPrincess1@aol.com  [Intro] What is it that you tryna hide.. Them jeans so tight you know ain't nothin.. The way workin 'em be hurtin 'em.. You better watch it girl, you know I got you girl [B. Stille] No I am not your, average, country boy I'm a savage, don't ask if I want some more Let you have it, there you go, girl I will grab it Slap it, flip you, rub it down [Big V] See you - make me want it in ways I ain't supposed to say Wanna kiss you, in places I shouldn't put my face See you got my attention for real, in a major way Ain't no need to stop it girl, go on, keep boppin girl [Chorus - Nappy Roots] What is it that you tryin to hide off in them pockets girl? Them jeans so tight you know ain't nothin in them pockets girl The way you workin 'em be hurtin 'em just stop it girl You better watch it girl, you know I got you girl Move it (Keep bouncin shorty) move (now shake it girl) Move it (Keep bouncin shorty) move (now shake it girl) Move it (Keep bouncin shorty) move (now shake it girl) Move it (Keep bouncin shorty) move (now shake it girl) [Skinny Deville] Yo, caught up in the zone bitch, what you call drunk? Damn this mothafucker here done got crunk Strip down, jam pack what you call skunk It's all up in the atmosphere, pass that blunt Bar tender trippin off what the country boy say Let me get another shot of Grand Marnier And a double shot of Jack the fact Where the hell is buffalo at with half the sack Look at all these broads with asses fat Knowin Goddern well what she dressin at And when they play the right track where them yeagas at Shorty don't get mad at me when ya ass is smacked That's all I can say when you backin that Big fine, chunky donkey back inside my lap Do the damn thing you gon' mack the mack But don't get mad at me cause I trap the rat [R. Prophet] It's like ThunderCat but I'm a jack, baby doll let me see your belly roll Here kitty kitty kitty, got me giddy lookin sweeter than a jelly roll This reminds me, it's so nice yeah I asked ya twice and floss so icy What ya need is if I feed ya, fuck ya, try to say no that's gonna be pricy Aw naw, me pay for no poonanny not just like me I got a girl back at the crib and all the time she ride me And when I pull this hot tamale out my pants just bite me I got more rhythm than the Wings, why don't you come and ride me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Raphael Saadiq Album: Wooden Leather Song: Leave This Morning Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com [Intro - Big V] I like that, Saadiq you a fool man Come out to the West Coast more often Aww it sounds good, ooooh What was you talkin about? Yeah [Chorus 2x - Raphael Saadiq] I got to leeeave here this mornin, ah I got to go to work, I got to go to work Cause I got a job to do, I got a job to do [Skinny Deville] I'm up early in the mornin 'fore the rooster gets to yawnin Last night The House of Blues was jumpin, Nappy Roots was on it Good God almighty, drank too much, I'm bout to throw up Grandma got me hollerin damn (?) It's 6:30 live and callin, tellin Prophet roll up It's a trip to Sunset Strip and not we off to Oakland Cal-i-forn-i-a got me caught up in the moment I be back in like a couple of days is what I told my woman [Scales] Yo aight Take me a second to breathe and let stress go Walk out, grab my paper and wave next do' Take me a shower, get dressed and do a quick pass Say me a prayer 'fore I leave so I can get back It's easy like Sunday mornings with a six pack Monday I'm back on the road and I respect that Gotta go break a little bread for some improvements Gotta go share with the world this new movement I'm gone [B. Stille] (Whoooo!) That's what it felt like Gut tight, last night, barely slept right Just couldn't wait to get up this mornin Hugged the kids, kissed my woman I love performin, shit, hate the tourin But daddy gotta go make that money, baby Pray for me while I'm away and when I get paid We can get carried away, is that ok? Baby [Ron Clutch] I told you how I made a dollar, out a dime and a nickel Blue collar, gotta grind on instrumentals See my, pencil and pad has me punchin the clock I put in, time and a half, skip lunch, I can't stop I gotta start somethin Started with nothin but hard at some hustlin Girl, I'm gettin sick and tired of fussin I'm sorry, it's hardly enough time for lovin But baby you know the time is comin (yeah) [Big V] One drink at the bar, led to the dance flo' She was lookin at me, dancin soul G, names no need Felt the way that I was feelin Waffle house immediately, now we at the house chillin Back rub, I was tense, y'all know where it went Patio in the rain, car hood, the kitchen sink Layin in the bed now, pillow talk all night Gotta hit the studio, I'll be back tomorrow night [R. Prophet] How many ladies in the mornin wake up lonely? Love rough sex, baby screamin, "Put it on me" But when your man ain't around you call his homie How many times I gotta be him nigga? Owe me I follow my lines and take your panties off slowly Makin it hot like Cash Money flashin Roleys You tell me to stop but I'm rockin, steady growin If your man knock I'm on the job and not goin [Chorus 4x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Work in Progress Typed by: dajavu2camron@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro, spoken: [B Stille] Wise words being spoke Huh Y'all know what it is Nap-Nappy Roots. Can I start this one off? Ok [Verse One-B. Stille] Each day I listen what the streets say Like a DJ my negroes scratch ghetto recordings, for my peoples Got the eyes of an eagle, can't see us ever being at peace for a reason Cause we ain't never being equal And got us believing we heathens, uncivil soldiers of evil Reach up and assume the position, you know the procedure Can't even leisure smoke hollow reefer With out police and search and seizure by the same police who murdered Ceaser It's brutal Seeing them treat us like lower creatures than human beings More so like aliens Touring the land of Europeans Seeming to have the tendency to think we ignorant Cause of our pigment, can't take away a nigga's dignity though Still I pimp the industry hoe And even when I'm rich I'm a pretend to be poor My life's a work in progress, soon to be end of the road But I don't stress cause I have been her before, you know [chorus] My life's a work in progress (and even though I'm rich I'm gonna pretend to be poor) My life's a work in progress (but I don't stress cause I have been here before) My life's a work in progress (and even though I'm rich I'm gonna pretend to be poor) My life's a work in progress (but I don't stress cause I have been here before) [Verse two-Ron Clutch] In life Every step you take Every right every left you make You can look at it like chess in a way Cause life is best when you take your time Don't make a move, unless you done made up your mind Play by the rules, don't ever play the fool Sometimes you play and lose but you still pay your dues Come on Everybody knows the cost to be the boss Yea the price is kind of steep but sacrifice is never cheap I learned that life can be sweet and bitter at the same time It's the Ying verse the Yang, sorta like rain without shine Sometimes against the grain you grind gotta grit your teeth and bear it Matthew 5, verse 5 "The earth the meek shall inherit" Cherish the day before you perish away Cause who can say how many days your power last? It's like a crack in your hourglass In a flash, the hours pass Then you're gone [Verse three-Big V] Long life living (?) will bring you close you dying The more laughs one had will bring you close to crying Cold unforgiving planet, yea it is Racists, communicating those who wrong did I daydream back to the 80's when we was all kids A stab wound kidnapping (?) experience Though at the time not a glock would blow in da wind It's a good day in the hood to witness a stabbing Now stories told to us, without tragedy Seem like it involve bloodshed automatically If you ever get a chance, just stop and use your mind Observe the world for yourself and just check your time Yeah, Oh, Yeah, that's right (Scratched: my life's a work in progress) Smoke something with your country people Drank something with your country people (Scratched: my life's a work in progress) Thinking back in Junior high when sex was the shit Fein pussy now a day can get you killed quick 'Bout shootin ball in now they 'bout getting licks I'm playin Nappy Roots just to hear the realest shit Expect it to the best of my know how and my rapping wit See next to nothing sugar coated in these cold streets Whatever you do, be smart, tote your heat Did I mention if you don't work you don't eat If you ever get a chance stop and use your mind Observe the world for yourself and check the time Yea, Smoke something with your country people {Chorus} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Wooden Leather Song: Push On Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com [B. Stille] This is for you, and you, and you, and you [Verse 1 - B. Stille] Now I came up with little bad ass yeagas, to never had ass yeagas Slept and ate with our peeps but we let the streets raise us Kept the weed blazin, don't let the drink age us Used to live outrageous, now we just couch potatoes Without the wages, to break out these project cages Make do with what we got, use the logic that God gave us Losin faith is enough to make a man crazy Can't even pay my landlady How the fuck I'm 'posed to save for my unplanned baby? Joined the Navy, and my uncle sayin "pay me" Maybe I'm just too damn lazy but you can page me Lately, been hustlin grams daily Holdin down my spot on the corner like Champ Bailey But I know I ain't the only one (you feel me?) On the gun livin on the run, look how they done momma's only son X me out like I'm, a Roman numeral Damn, and ain't tryin to see me again, till my funeral [Chorus - Anthony Hamilton] For so long I been grindin (grindin) Paid my dues, put my time in (time in) Even went down for tryin I pushed on Never once did I give up (give up) Every time I fell I would get up (get up) Always kept my spirit up I pushed on [Verse 2 - Scales] Now we finally feelin plush Doin gotta do to keep our nails airbrushed Js straight out the box, aint ne'er been touched Damn I'm feelin good, B lined me up Till we never seen a Pontiac diamond-toed Nappy Roots, what it mean to ya? Mines and us And don't be callin us slow, we ain't grind it up Now my people all smiles cause we out the slums Sayin, "Look at Big Bud ol' sloppy drunk I remember when he sold tapes out the trunk" Now here's the routine - jump out the truck, T-shirt and blue jeans '94 J's with the blue shoe strings When I first hit the grind ain't stop for shit And my only motivation was a pot to piss See it hit me so hard ain't have a penny to myself I swallowed up my pride and asked Skinny for some help And I'm sayin [Verse 3 - Big V] Want me to stop, I did, but I couldn't stop the shit Dawg I cried for this, stole and lied for this Scream when I felt this shit Toured for 16 months straight, lost breath for this Heh, yelled for this Sinnin every night, know I'm goin to hell for this The hurt and the betrayal, compelled by this Tough wall to climb but Nappy Roots scaled the shit Just don't let me rap in vain, people pray over this Don't take my word for it, see for yourself and shit Everybody out in the wind, ain't no help with this I coulda thrown in the towel, coulda walked away Eyes on the prize, so I'm strong today Simply want it, believe it, think it, breathe it Chase it, cease it, maintain, keep it Hold it, control it, never let go of it Hold on, press on, push on, I'm gone [Chorus 2X] [Anthony Hamilton] For so long Paid my dues Now IIIIIII (I pushed on) Alright, give up (I pushed on) I never have Kept on Ohhhhh, ooooohhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: No Good Typed by: BlazinCraig420@hotmail.com  * send corrections to the typist (B Stille) Yooooo! I said Yooooo! For all them industry haters that said we couldn't do it... This for my country thug street yeagas! You know we gon' [Hook] Smoke good, drink good, eat good, Fleetwood Nickel bag of funk'll make a country yeaga sleep good Yo' hood, my hood, tote heat, sho' should Folk round here be up to no good [Verse 1] (Skinny Deville) My yeaga lookin like one of them days I got a Franklin in my pocket, with this lint like a slave And 20 cent to my name, tryna make this crime pay Money spent, Ben gone, left me with the Hamil-ton Window tint, same ol' song Lincoln on a sack, with the fifty-dat Bump my song, Get drunk, get it crunk Country-fried, pack a blunt Erything tight, Volume 2 off in the trunk, bump In a slump, head-shot got me pumped like a gauge Turn the page, flip the script Hit the script jump, shorty with the dump In the hatchback, ass fat Nickel bag of funk, caught a skunk in a rat trap Sat back, hit it once, hit it twice, pass that Mashed-out, Fleetwood, Cadillac, headed South Woodgrain, Pure Grain, hold it in and let it out Bouncin' like a bunny hunny, tell the shorty set it out Get in where we fit in, we gon' try our best to sell it out [Hook 2x] [Verse 2] (B Stille) We makes it hot for 'em, feel the flames Who seperate the real from lames Yeaga B Stille's his name (Where you from?) The Ville, LaGrange, to Mills and Fane Look how far Louisville's done came! Now break it down I like my pockets fat And my weed green And my liquor brown And my hens clean With they panties down And a beat that keep my yeagas bouncin, bouncin, bouncin, bouncin Check, check My mic vocals, is like choke-holds Fetch the billfold that my cheese is in And purchase a nickel to help me breathe again I'm from a place where blood spills and stains Filled with drug deals and gangs Yeagas with gold grills and thangs Drink up, fill ya tanks, spill ya drinks It's Nappy, dawg, untamed Southern slang, unchanged We sendin' slugs through ya brain (Fuck what you know, good) And all my thugs, for the sane [Hook 2x] [Verse 2] (Fish Scales) A cool cat, with a pimp hat Cup fulla Gin-Jack Dreaded out, throwin up deuces When I'm headed out Slice it up and bet it out, 5-0-4 Throw the prices up and set it out Real niggaz never doubt Swerve to the calico, give me a deuce of that Make it 2 of that, pack a tip, flush a Optimo Keep the change, got to go Flirt, tryna talk dirty Georgia-bred, you can tell by my Hawk jersey Hit me up if you get off early Then I dap out, so clean Yo honey actin' mo' mean Napped-out, momma asking me "What's all that 'bout?" Say I got big plans, look slim but mapped-out Country boy with country game Never spittin' nothin' lame Get paid to rap, still a dap like ain't nothin' changed My shit stay Nappy, split ends stay happy Bad threads must've came from his pappy [Hook until end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: These Walls Typed by: chauncy2005@yahoo.com, CelticsPrincess1@aol.com Hmmmmmmmm  Well, well, well, well [Chorus 2x - Big V] These walls are closin in How long am I supposed to grin? I've lost my will to win Forgive my sin, hmmmmmmmmmm [Scales] As darkness approaches, and I'm fumblin through the blunt roaches Its lookin hopeless, totally unfocused, stumblin onto the front porch Posted with my closest associates, we were so broke Though a couple of us had sold dope, still humble enough to be po' folk We comin up to be grown folk, ain't dumb enough to be slow poke Know the hours of death they grow close, so we give our lives to the utmost Plus, here's a extra point, visualize the goal post No we not eatin duck roast, but we live our lives to the utmost Cause, those pressure points, are the corners that we cut close Turn most civilized yeagas to cutthroats And it's these men they send up state by truck load and herd 'em in to the Pen' like buffalos, I'm sayin [Big V - singing] The game was sold, not told to me Heartache won't let go of me Games say that I'll live and lie but I'll trrrrryyyyy [Big V - rapping] Every which-a-way tell you the angles I done tossed and turned and hit and missed, pissed cause of that didn't amount to this Gettin it ain't got a damn thing to do with keepin shit Workin damn hard to get it, plans of not partin with it Life got a way of showin you shit you can't bear to see Tough keepin float, settin sail through a sea of G's Somethin should happen on this night I lay me down to sleep Wasn't happy with my friend, pray the lord my soul to keep [Scales] I'm bout 3000 miles from Graceland, bout a county from Macon but you would think I'm arm reach from Satan I got a strange way of tellin the truth Most felons do stuff between hearin your story and tellin it too Stuck between numb and feelin it I'm right between calm and militant, on the search for deliverance I'm three days from beatin my case at the arraignment This shit's basic, get to jail, get the statement [R. Prophet] Part with the heart of a soldier Right now I'm stuck behind bars but daddy told ya I chose to march with Martin carryin posters They lock me down, but they usually hang us folks up It's so tough, white man tryin to control us and mold us, assimilate our cultures, they doped us Hell naw I'm stayin focused, I won't corrupt with evil I'm forever fightin for my people, for equal (Fight for your rights) "Ladies and gentlemen I have some very sad news for all of you  Could you lower those signs please?  Martin Luther King, was shot and was killed tonight.." {*screams*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: War/Peace Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com [R. Prophet] Welcome [Chorus 4x  Nappy Roots] War/Peace, c'mon Nappy Love/Lust, now say it, Roots [R. Prophet] I got a telegram from a pelican Said in the clouds last night she got higher then she's ever been Seen shuttles and huddles, hard rocks and war bombs In real life our words in distorted sound Coke and Hen' mix, guitar Jimi Hendrix Smokes and blunts but this is my experience The world's corrupt, how can I defend it? Need more love, that's why I have to send it [B. Stille] Know what it is when you really tryin to be somethin But in your minds you really can't find nothin But am I wrong if a preacher can't reach me? Or am I dumb cause a teacher can't teach me? I'm too black for this world here to bleach me I'm too much hell for this heaven here to keep me But you can beat me, slander me, cancel me But see I'm real so you still gotta answer me [Skinny Deville] The thought of all destruction, man ain't nothin gonna last I feel the pain and sufferin, the system done collapsed Wood is burnin, big construction's burnin, holdin on a pass Shattered glass the aftermath, tragic death is on the trail Empty shells, the ghetto's extinct, there's heaven and there's hell Burnin souls, the opposite of peace for 7 million years Started livin well, self-esteem, been lovin with myself It's time for revolution, get yo' gauge and bullets off the shelf Because it's war [Ron Clutch] Because the end is almost here but I done been here before So I haven't any fear for I trust in the Lord When I die nobody cry, nobody shed not a tear In the middle of the floor pour out your liquor and your beer I'm still witcha, you can hear me loud and clearly When I'm howlin at the moon (whoooooo) Mama heard me freestylin in the womb Heard me battlin the beat of her heart when it boom I'm born again, I'm free! I'm Nappy to my Roots! [Big V] Do it, c'mon, c'mon, yeah! Do it, c'mon, c'mon, yeah! Do it, c'mon, c'mon, yeah! Do it, do it, do it, do it! [B. Stille] Rich man purchased a poor one This land versus a fore run Either you with us or for em Pistols and missiles got em just to wage war on It ain't safe even in Oregon Each mourn, then there's more gone Bloodshed filthy as the money it pours on The guilty hand washes the sore one King James boxin a Qu'ran The officials are morons, can't trust no one [Big V] But if the whinos don't know it, the streets won't repeat it If it ain't adverse, then the reverend won't preach it Represent the slums, the misfits and have-nots Buddy we had not, born in a bad spot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: Roll Again Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Niggaz was goin crazy with me It was our first video, nigga You know we was gon' come back to the country road I don't know...yyyeah Y'all-y'all ready to roll again? (Wussup) Lets ride then Ah, yup, hit 'em [Big V] Way before platinum there was a place we used to go and ride for hours at a time on a country road Whatever's troublin, you can let it go I get out of the car and walk through it, visit the river and talk to it Simply sayin, "Mr. water, what is it that you runnin from?" Asked the bird in the tree, "What is it that you hummin for?" Now knowin +Why the Caged Bird Sings+ is wishin to be free Reminded myself of life and it's hold on me Touring, the children, women, sexual resistance Religion means so much to me, the church don't see enough of me This way, that way, bendin corners tryin to get away Sometimes you have to see a storm to appreciate a pretty day BACK in the car now, headed for the liquor store God, what a vivid scene, diggin what I just seen Rolled up another one, still in a daze though Gassed up at the Mini-Mart, my mind on the country roads [Chorus 2x - Nappy Roots] I just wanna goooo On the country roads and get blowwwwed On the country roads again rolllll Been on the country roads again [Skinny Deville] Yo, we off in these backwoods Caddy-hoggin, Nappy dawg, ain't no joke We glad they robbin, rap imposters, for they problem no hope It's cutthroat, we hungry starvin, chargin for the front do' You want mo'? We smoke and sparkin, jokers like the blunt go Been shovin folk for plenty miles, yes I'm the type to grin and bear it The second chance and out the box, I'm back again with 'dro and spirits Look at me now, I found a spot, I'm down here by that rollin river Grab a rose and took me to a place, au revoir, I'm rollin scriptures [Scales] Man these country roads makin me zone out Ridin through all the bullshit that poppa would scold 'bout But soon as my hustle got good I showed out Quick to jump I-24, come back with plenty mo' By '97 I was smokin perfecto The chains and the Willie Esco was the dresscode We lost our littlest cousin Gwin, a skidrow Tony Renfrow rest in peace your kinfolks, I miss y'all [B. Stille] (Dude what the hell are we doin?) Back deep on these country roads blowin, gettin in touch with my mind No worries just striped lines and curve-filled signs When all the events throughout the day, good or bad, somehow rewind While I recline, in my Cadillac seats Hit the trees and press repeat and let the melody of these windy roads keep my soul upbeat No destination proposed, just ridin these country roads .. Listen, this killer's that's willin to catch a court case Split your wig apart quicker than the divorce rate Niggaz show out, go wild in the corpse cage Blow out in the news and I don't mean the sports page Get drowned in North Lake, could get found in horse cave Fool, get down, the boy's crazy! Lil' Stille's with ambition, itchin to fill my position Replace me, but by the Lord's grace still existin Should be in depression Latrill is missin, cousins in prison Heard Little Ricky was snitchin, now he's a born-again Christian Always had my suspicions, our teens with bad addictions Family members gone overseas on a mission, we miss 'em See you can travel straight through two different coasts State to state, navigate this beautiful globe in search of a plate full of food for the soul I could taste it when the smoke hit my nose on a place called country roads [Chorus with ad-libs at the end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Wooden Leather Song: What Cha Gonna Do? (The Anthem) Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com [Big V] Yeah Country boys, Nappy Roots Lil' John, King of Crunk Y'all know this was comin Damn playa, here we go [Chorus  Nappy Roots] Whatcha gonna do when we pull up in your city? How ya gonna act when Nappy Roots in your city? Whatcha gonna do when we pull up in your city? How ya gonna act when Nappy Roots in your city? Lean to the left and stomp with it, stomp with it (stomp) To the right then stomp with it, stomp with it (stomp) Back to the left and then stomp with it, stomp with it (stomp) When you got it say yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) [Verse 1  Big V] "Awnaw", hell naw, boy - here come another anthem Done worked up a head of steam and ain't lookin to slow down none Say it til ya, til ya tell it the way we told the shit Let go for what, little daddy? We got control of this Runners on you mark, get set, cause here we go with it Walkin a muck, ya half dead? We put our soul in it Not gon' let go for no one and I'm fo' sho' of it But I'm for certain hurtin, and still wantin more of it [Verse 2  Scales] I keep it slum when I fall and it all and pick up Keys from grandma and it slaw and it set it up Quick if you brawl nigga, talk business Or we shut it down like the law, hit it all-black, all-tinted [Skinny Deville] From the top down to the rock bottom, now we in yo' town, street (?) From the fist fights to the glock shot, we known to clown When the folk keep hollerin Sheeit what y'all wanna do? Our haters keep on cock-blockin, damn Them niggaz is off they rocker, prolly got em off they Gin and Vodka What happened? Brought them bottles in, that sum-bitch has started a stompin And then from the left and to the right, that's when they got to squabbin Hog wild, Grand Mar' and chronic got them niggaz scrappin often But we gon' keep it Nappy, slaw and slum and crunk and jumpin [Verse 3  R. Prophet] I think I got a Hpnotic, drunk got me singin bout it +Back+ off in +Cali+ like Cool J, fresh on the scene with Sade My nigga Big V said he seen a bitch and doubled back I told him, "Nigga is you crazy, swear they {?} at" He said he seen one fine chick, hips thick and ass fat I told him pass her like a Swisher, we can double that She pulled up, she started yappin on how she loved the ass I scratched my head cause I ain't tryin to catch no drama back We shakin off y'all haters, takin Land like the Raiders All of our moves are major, Prophet sharp as a razor Coast to coast, quick to toast, they know who we be Seem like jealousy and envy has become a disease The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Wooden Leather Song: Light & Dark Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@AOL.com [Intro  Big V] Music, music, music (the blowin of the wind) If you ever think about it you walk in the rhythm  (The flap of a bird's wings, calms the savage beast) Your whole life is a beat (the cries of a baby) Soothes, the baby sleeps (the mirrors and expressions of your life) Emotion (life is a song, a beat, a tempo) Christ our Savior, adrenaline (adjusted by a situation) Inspiration, that's music (and that's us) Here we go [B. Stille] (Anthony Hamilton) Yup, that's what I'm talkin about right there (gotta be) You just can't get that, nowhere but this Ya know what I'm sayin, this is classic shit C'mon (Whoaaaaaa) [Verse 1  B. Stille] Groove to the bassline, slap that snare drum It's music to ya eardrum, snap these back We ain't goin nowhere hun, keep on dancin From the mud to the mansion, imagine that Back rubs, get the body oils, pass me that Hot tubs, sit yo' ass in that And only music this good, could make em act like that So just do it (listen to it), this is a classic track It's like music [Chorus 2x  B. Stille] (Anthony Hamilton) In the light, in the light In the dark, in the dark (Got to be music) In the soul, in the soul (Got to be music) In ya heart, in ya heart (Got to be music) To the end, to the end From the start, from the start (Got to be music) Good music (All I know) [Verse 2  Skinny Deville] Aww man, I'm in the zone again, caught up in the whirlwind And I'm, tryin to make a decision before the whole damn world ends When, days turn into nights man and burn for twice as long Cause when my pen brushes the pad with an art form that microphones And every county cross the nation, every house and every basement Hustlers on street corners live by a beat that's constantly changin The one thing stays basic, Nappy Roots ain't nothin to play with Every move is practicin patience, perfectly pacin, how to stay blatant My sole reason for existence is for all my folks to be a witness To the movement of this music that this group put out for centuries And has a life of it's own and prolly gon' take on some different identities Now who'd a thought we make it happen with this rappin in this industry? Yup [Bridge  Anthony Hamilton] Shot up in my bones (shot up in my bones) Deep in my soul (deep in my soul) From head to toe, whoaaaaa Shot up in my bones (shot up in my bones) Deep in my soul (deep in my soul) From head to toe [Verse 3  Big V] Lots of songs, lots of sounds Bookoo fan, lots of towns Good and bad time, farewells and makin up Even feet hurt in the rhythm that run with walkin off Fights in the club, lullabies to a newborn Jazz softly enhances gettin grooves on Tears in a funeral, brought on by a sad song After Biggie's "One More Chance" who was ugly doin? Sade made me wanna do it in the rain R. Kelly had me rentin cars to do it in the Range Breathin is a beat tempo adjusted by adrenaline  Situations, thankin God for the situation [Bridge  Anthony Hamilton] [Outro  Anthony Hamilton] Said it got to be music Deep in my soul Got to be music Said it can't be nothin, nothin, nothin, nothin, nothin, nothin else The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Ying Yang Twins Album: Wooden Leather Song: Roun' the Globe (Collipark Remix) Typed by: invisicellx@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Ying Yang Twins] Is the southside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) Is the northside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) Is the eastside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) Is the westside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) [Hook - Ying Yang Twins] This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe) Atlanta, Alabama (Country as hell!) Kentucky, Carolina (Country as hell!) Miami, Tennesse (Country as hell!) Mississippi, New Jersey (Country as hell!) [Verse One - Skinny DeVille] Yo, aw man, the grass done got greener on the other side of the fence So I hopped my ass over to see if I was convinced Fast-paced city life, but country livin's the sense Man, I copped me a Caddy said "to Hell wit' a Benz" Benz, Benz, twenty-inch rims I can't leave the verti-cal grill at the back of the ranch Got a phat farm with cows and a whole lotta land 20 acres to my name son we ain't been there [Verse Two - B. Stille] Meanwhile up in the D where they holla it up though Thugs blow weed in the park where the club close In Milwaukee the beast is petro, off in DC the streets is ghetto Let's roll to Cali where they chief the best 'dro and drive cars so big you can't reach the pedals Never had a glass of purple juice for breakfast until I took my ass to Houston, Teaxs [Hook - Ying Yang Twins] This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe) New Orleans and D.C. (Country as hell!) Texas, Indiana (Country as hell!) Detroit, Chicago (Country as hell!) Cali, Ohio (Country as hell!) [Verse Three - Big V] Copped a pair, they was sportin' jonesin' New Orleans, went for the Cajun, winded up stayin' Kentucky it was meth and Miami they was lacin' it Rapped my ass of at NYC at the Bassment Hit V.A. where they do nothin' but cook Carolina, Indiana, Alabama, Savannah Boston, Denver and all points between Tennesse, Florida ain't nuthin' but blood for ya [Verse Four - R. Prophet] Yo, yo, yo, now shake it, go'on sit back and let your hair blow Spanish chicas waving hasta leugo Worldwide drop, weather's bueno They say opposites attract, I'm a moreno (???) so clear (???) my dear Shy girl all she wanted to do was fuck and cum Top of the hill take a breath from her lungs (Country boys been over seas) Toppin' it off, London, Germany (Nappy Roots, Ying Yang we keep it crunk baby) [Hook - Ying Yang Twins] This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe) New York, Milwaukee (Country as hell!) Florida, St. Louis (Country as hell!) Finland, Minnesota (Country as hell!) Vegas, Seattle (Country as hell!) [Break - R. Prophet] Now shake it go'on sit back and let your hair blow Ladies make your hands clap up bueno Now shake it go'on sit back and let your hair blow Holla at ya boy, hasta leugo [Verse Five - Fish Scales] Aight, first say a prayer for those in combat Might can throw some'in' on a grill when you come back Might can take a trip to the 'Ville and in fact we can all get loose on the porch And of course, hit Church Hill Downs, thow some'in' on a horse Or we can hit dem St. Clair waters You ain't seen country til you been through Georgia Gotdern, they still got girls in perms (Damn) Big cars, big wheels is the biggest concern [Verse Six - Ron Clutch] In my old Kentucky home I was born and raised on catfish and corn Collard greens and fatbacks - it's country 'an a mug Don't care where you stay you got country in your blood if you love and that's that Circle the globe, met the poor and the paid Now I know for a fact that (we keep it crunk baby) [Hook - Ying Yang Twins] This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe) Country as hell! (Around the globe) Country as hell! (Around the globe) Country as hell! (Around the globe) Country as hell! [Outro - Ying Yang Twins] Is the southside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) Is the northside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) Is the eastside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) Is the westside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The Humdinger, a noun A remarkable or outstanding personal thing of it's kind An amazing thing~! A jim dandy or a deally A beaut'! Maybe a lollapalooza or a rip snorter A peach, a doozy, a loo-loo A whopper, the blunt.. {*record rips off needle*} (YEAHHH YEAHHH YEAHHH, Da Humdinger!) Look Yuk man I'm tryin to explain somethin Aww go 'head man (The felon been gone with a good stay-urr) (And and now they back, and they gettin ready) (to tearrr up Jack and scrimp Jenny) (Ya heard me? Uh uh) (They got a big story to tell you) (And and I would say it to ya, but they do it better) (Nappy Roots) Let's do it man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Pole Position Typed by: cakalacky@mail.com [Chorus: Scales + (girl)] (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes [Verse: Scales + (girl)] Yo, uh, uh, yo Uh, I don't want it from the back I wanna see the pretty face when I hit it like that (like that?) Scales's on 'tack, club, out the clothes We can take it to the 'lac, we can do it in the back Hey girl, that's fat (what?) If I hit that you gonna keep comin' back Like this that crack Hey damn you stacked Your momma hates sin And your daddy's just black, I'll leave it at that I keep it intact, keep it exact New pair of shoes with the elegant straps (okay) Do what I do is an intelligent mack I'll beat it like that, then treat it like that (oh) Then skeet it like that Taste this here, now eat it, right Hold on, hold on, my mom might hear this (No, go on, say it) Nah, it's nasty Quit that, uh [Chorus: B. Stille + (girl)] (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes [Verse: Skinny + (girl)] Shit shorty, lookin' like a barbie Doll on the pole, shakin' ass for the dough (what's up?) We blow with a pocket full of ones She's cold, lookin' hotter than the sun Thick thighs, ass in a thong Gotta get a lap dance at the end of the song I'm tricked on my singles and the momma was gone She dead wrong and the game hits strong Hang on, let me break another hundred (wanna dance?) Hit the ATM for to get some more money Bartender, let me another Grand Marn-ier Just got paid Shorty, I know you been here all day Can I get a dance, the next drink's on me What's your name? (Baby) Damn you're a pretty thing, do what the nigga sayin' [Chorus: B. Stille + (girl)] (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes [Verse: B. Stille] Get low, clean that pole Climb up fast, slide down slow (that's right) Girl, teach that class Make that cash, shake that ass (all night) I'ma trip on my honey dip Dip 'til my money clip empty (what's good?) Enough with that young shit Wanna quit tryin' to tempt me? (let's do it) Tell me how you gon' act Follow you to the back Like I'm glued to your back, girl (who's the mack?) We can cruise in the 'lac While we groove to the track But due to the fact I done blew through a stack Let a dude hit the cat What you know 'bout this pimpin'? (get paid) I'ma spin this track when I put you in pole position (Now swing) [Chorus: B. Stille + (girl)] (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes (La la la la la la la la la) Round and around the pole she goes [Bridge: girl + (B. Stille)] (2X) La la la la la la la la la Better shake that thing Better work that pole Better get that dough, oh Better shake that thing Better work that pole Better get that dough, oh (Round and around the pole she goes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Flex Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Youse a big fine woman, won'tcha flex one time You educated - flex one time Got a pocket full of money, won'tcha flex one time Flex one time, flex one time Now BREATHE {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply*} Now BREATHE {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply*} Now BREATHE {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply*} Now BREATHE {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply*} [Verse One] Yeah that's how you do it, just like that Yeah, uhh, yeah, uhh Uhh, awww baby flex one time I ain't seen this since I had sex online Baby I'm good you can check my grind Yeah it's flea market but the Rolex on time Your girl down with it yeah she next in line How you feel about this? Let's be real about this One mo' drank you can feel about this Yeah it's one night stand and I'm killin this shhh [Verse Two] All my girls say (OWWW) dogs say yo Fifth, flip now we good to go I wanna touch I wanna feel, you know I wan' flex Hotel room and some real good sex Yesss~! I wanna flex one time Get'cha girlfriend, let's do that one time Baby oil blackrub, just one time Girl that Patron got me out of my mind [Verse Three] Yo, with her fine ass Chillin in the V.I.P. section with her wine glass Sophisticated funk, sexy, pretty brown eyes The kind you want to get, the hunter of the hound dogs Droppin dollars, now they in the hole like ground hogs Stay in baller mode, I'm at the bar sippin slowww Left the Grand Mar' alone Came back on that grown, sippin on that 'tron Maybe, later on we can text a line Right now, get up on the flo' and just unwind Do what'chu do best and flex in time We gon' get it right, for now I suggest we grind [Interlude] Now BREATHE {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply*} Now BREATHE {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply*} [Verse Four] What's next in line, got sex on mind Tell me how quick you sound girl I pressed for time You a sexy dime, I'm worth a cool million Add it all together girl we can make a killin You a star, you should be in the filmin Written all over your face, know what you feelin Uh-uh~! Baby don't fight the feelin You know what it is, Nasty Roots in the building [Verse Five] Let it breeze, get'cha flex on They showin off in here, get'cha flex on If you ridin the bench, get'cha press on Work it out for me shawty, get'cha stretch on You doin it baby - flex one time Keep doin it baby - two step one time Move your hands in and out like a exercise Cause you know who the shit, go on flex one time {*inhaling and exhaling deeeply to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Sweve and Lean Typed by: cakalacky@mail.com [Verse: Skinny Deville] If them niggas wanna play Let them ball till fall dog Me, I want it all, y'all From here to Californi-a Hit the button, get the On-star Pull up if your front yard And fuck up your ordinary day It's the N-A-P-P-Y, y'all On the grind 'cuz time's hard Find me sippin' Grand Marn-ier At the bar with a bad broad Yes I drive a fast car Holla if you're tryin' to get laid That's on my son, Billy Kay Best believe I'ma get you paid And represent the motherfuckin' K How I was raised, that's the way And you live by this shit, then you die by the same I ain't trippin', puttin' half on the Jane I'm gettin' good about this math and even better 'bout my change I hug the lane like I'm drivin' with the wide load I'm comin' down, country clean, forever bona fide, ho [Bridge] (2X) So whatcha know about it? Ain't nothin' slow about it That boy sure got it Give a fuck about nobody [Chorus] (2X) Swerve and lean Swerve and lean Swerve and lean Bounce with it, bounce with it [Verse: Skinny Deville] Yeah, Skinny pull in a Range Not the sport, but the big body Supercharged, 24 inches, leather with the wood grain Sunshine or the rain, ain't a motherfucking thing Hit a button, watch it take off like a plane For the cash, not the fame I'm the last one to laugh and get it all 'fore the fat lady sings See me shine without the bling Got a bitch to wear my diamonds and I got a watch they call a bright Lane Country clean on the right team Some haters want to fight me But I ain't got nothin' but the flame That's so bright from my forty cal' ri' 'Fore you run your mouth Change your face like L'Oreal, dang That nigga sly with his slang slump Fifty-five, don't give a fuck Especially 'bout no sucker ass, lame I come and snatch your lil' chain Put a hundred on the situation that you won't do a damn thing [Bridge] (2X) [Chorus] (2X) [Verse: Skinny Deville] Yo, they try to call me in-sane The way I flip it up the wall, man Bitches on my dick, 'specially 'cause the way I let my nuts hang They call me billy big balls Ain't shit she can tell me dog I'm raw for seven, twenty-four, damn I know I'm worth a couple hundred grand And I ain't spittin' another verse until I got my money in my hand And we gon' stick to the plan Swerve and lean on these suckers Makin' sure you city slickers understand That the dollars never made the man Plain as day they never did Nappy's what I represent I run this shit, call me Skinny D, the president Drop it down so effortless I'm slummer than you've ever been [Bridge] (2X) [Chorus] (2X) [Chorus] (2X) Bounce with it, bounce with it Bounce with it, bounce with it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Good Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Let's begin now"} [Intro] You know today I just woke up... and I said Y'know, instead of waitin on a good day Waitin around, through ups and downs Waitin on something to happen, I just said We're gonna have a good day And all my homies gonna ride today And all these mommies look fly today And all we wanna do is get by today heyyy We're gonna have a good day And ain't nobody gotta cry today Cause ain't nobody gonna die today You can save that drama for another day heyyy We're gonna have a good day [Verse One] Hair line, fresh new cologne on Feelin so good changed the colors to my phone Orange Kool-Aid go good with Patron "Aw Naw," hell naw boy steal my ringtone Free car, wash had to clean up the Dodge Give back when I can, just playin my part Church folks had a fish fry, mustard, hot sauce Light bread and french fries, love for the big guy Hit the park, boys showin off their hops Nappy Roots on the radio, and you know it bops Last night I hit the pick three, bought some Air Force Ones Fo' tall tees, man I'm lovin B.G. [Verse Two] We're gonna have a good day And ain't I fin' to worry 'bout what nobody say I'm still above ground, and that's the reason I pray Got my car cleaned up, now I'm ready to play Make a call to the sticks, say I'm headed that way Heard my cousin cookin out, I gotta get me a plate Got this new outfit, ain't even out in the States So if I ain't speakin too soon, but this a hell of a day And the stickiy got me sitin in a hell of a place Got my stunna shades on and a grin on my face My new grill looks mean, but I swear I'm straight And the hood showin love so I'm a-okay Hey~! [Verse Three] We might as well do exactly what the children sayin Take the day off, hit the park and just hang Barbeque, roll a few, and put up the deuce And if it's beef, put the piece down, throw up your dukes It's time to change our ways, so we can save the day for the children sake and make a better place to play And if it's all good, break out your goop and grip your wood And if you ridin dirty, light your spliff and blow your shhh But do it real big, exactly like a player should Enjoy your 24, do your thang and rep your hood The world is all yours, but still we all grind Forever in a day the choice you make is really all fine [Chorus] - 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: The Humdinger Song: Down 'N Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] Have you ever been down and out? Not a penny left to your name Broke down on the side of the road Is anybody goin my way? Have you ever been down and out? Does it feel like you're drownin now? Oh Lord be strong Don't give up, hang tough when you're down and out [Verse One] I'm on the highway and got the pedal to the flo' Find me movin at the speed of life, my elbow wipe da low 'Til the good'll blow, not knowin what my future had in sto' When I'm thinkin to myself, daydream 'bout rollin in the dough Threw out my task that is low, and I got halfway to go to my destination, yes my Caddy hog is movin slow Not today, come on dollar, maybe shawty swing my way Top it off, I got my wallet, got two pennies to my name How 'bout a pound from the {?} line, and three for gasoline From a smile to quickly down to frown when situations change No reception on my Blackberry, that puts me in a rage Now I'm walkin 'bout a country mile and headed back again Damn, mayne~! Ahead and back again For the second time on 65, roll up and pass the Jane Got my thumb out on a dusty road for anybody headin South and bumper blues travellin, if he's down and out [Verse Two] Skinny, you say you watchin all of them cars just pass you by Well I would come to get you but gas is too high I've been blowin all day and my ass is too high Got me hidin out - can't enjoy the blue skies Hey, if you seen one you seen 'em all, can't beat 'em all Took a loss, shake it off, live to see tomorrow They done already cut the cable off and I done spent my last on this Powerball, white man, please don't cut the power off I try to hoop to take my mind off work Wind up hurt, no cash in my pocket, tryin to buy me a shirt I can't believe I wait so long in this line just to get up to the counter and find my card is declined But I done been thurr, it's all a part of the grind Our public schools is daycare and the child's left behind E'rytime I ride, nights 'til it's daytime Then my car break down, I'm catchin the Greyhound [Verse Three] Uhh, now I wake up in the mornin feelin good Cause I done seen it all from the campus to the hood From sittin in county jail for not doin what I should But even at my lowest, there my family done stood From when I sold pieces to the people that I love Runnin these streets when I should be with my gul I had the opportunity to fly into Iraq It's hard seein them soldiers knowin that some won't make it back And then I see the hood and know the surface never scratched Where most of us don't understand the pride in bein black We think keepin it real is totin guns and sellin crack But really that's the reason why most of us held back I'ma tell you for a fact, I always say I'm blessed Cause Africa is full of lil' children who got less Give my tithes to the church, don't care if it's my last If my car break down it mean I'm goin too fast Now ask yourself [Chorus] - repeat 1.5X, then Hamilton ad libs to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: No Static Typed by: crdecoursey24@yahoo.com Scratches "No static, got an automatic" (Scales) Too much of anything makes you an addict Take a nigga back down Tobacco Road I give my old soul what it's asking for I'm trying to find where them angels sing at Where X and King at So listen for the knowledge I bring back Cuz cigarette pack and a deuce bottle Blue collar, aint too much we can do, Father Taketh me, I live life so anxiously Tell me this is bout more than sex and buying weed Maybe, but anyway we, burn daily Sip Bailey's, early sex, unwanted babies Scream push till I push daisies, Pops raised me Through this blind crippled and crazy world I'm just riding along, see where it takes me Keep buying cars and rims until it breaks me I fold like bread on a loose sandwich, too damaged Still I gotta slow down and find a balance Chorus: No static, got an automatic Too much of anything makes you an addict (Skinny Deville) We spend a lot of long nights trying to make it hot like an open flame Smoking Jane posted on this porch I got this close to fame Without the Leroy, but we live forever Wooden Leather Slum is in my Village like them niggas up in Detroit (what up though) And I'm going for the gusto, every day is cutthroat But I don't give a fuck yo Gutter bread, slice it different ways I got some shit to say Split the Swisher, pack the hay, roll it up and hit the bitch Addicted to this country living, givin' it my all dog Raw till a fall y'all from here to California Went back again, traffickin' like Raj' "What's Happenin?" I'm traveling, looking for that Kill like I'm Bill ill In my own right left without my soul tight Roll through a cold night, swervin' on a country road Six pack of Michelobs, a Ol' with some funky Dro Too much of anything can make a playa lose control Chorus: No static, got an automatic Too much of anything makes you an addict (Scales) See I love my reefer, love my Guinness And I don't fit into society, I'm a menace Slap my balls on your rack like tennis And turn the Henny up and don't stop till I'm finished I'm pissy drunk, one shot might get me crunk Not to mention shorty rollin' up 50 blunts We got Nappy in this bitch Sticks to the bricks I'm a cowboy, dog It's to the fence (Skinny) We rollin 90 in the slow lane, with just enough to traffic Cross the line bout forty times a week on the average Forward and backwards, pack is like a sack lunch Ridin' dirty, high as fuck, puffin on a fat blunt What yo ass want, Nappy serve it all day Always keep a Caddy Hog and dog it's all wood Too much of anything can make you think it's all good Got a automatic Skinny Deville and we all should Chorus: No static, got an automatic Too much of anything makes you an addict The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Panic Room Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: repeat 4X - quietly, then louder] Everybody to the panic room C'mon, everybody to the panic room [Chorus: repeat 2X] {You may try to stop my song} {But my flow is way too strong} (Crazy!) Everybody to the panic room (Crazy!) C'mon, everybody to the panic room [Verse One] Yo, everybody to the panic room C'mon, everybody to the panic room Yeah we got bitches in the panic room They givin out digits in the panic room While the deejay playin I'ma get in tune Turn it up louder and the planet boom The country boy back and the planet's doomed The band's in tune, your plan is doomed The hardhead niggaz'll be dancin soon All the good liquor that you can consume The panic room, get'cha seat back right And your chair tipped up cause we landin soon [repeat 3X] One, two, three, four (c'mon) Everybody to the panic room [Verse Two] Yo~! I'm off the chain like Gucci, looka there Mane Keep it grain with the pure, take a toast of the pain I'm goin "Crazy" like Cee-Lo Green Fresh J's, Aviator shades, Gino green glow Ooh, all across the land we go In the last several months on the Earth I know At least a half dozen fools tried to stop my flow Fuck 'em all, multiply that by fo' Then add a hundred mo' tryin to watch my dough Triple that, add 50, now watch me blow New situation every stop we rock Some heard it was over and they thought we flopped Nappy Roots is forever, shit ain't gon' stop There won't be another year that we ain't gon drop (nope) Holla at'cha boy, but it ain't no talk Tryin to halt what I'm doin, watch the Glock go.. {*BLAM*} [repeat 8X] One, two, three, four {*after 3rd and 7th: Everybody to the panic room*} {*after 3rd and 7th: C'mon, verybody to the panic room*} [Outro] {You may try to stop my song} {But my flow is way too strong} (Crazy!) {The beat goes on} (Crazy!) {The beat goes on} Everybody to the panic room C'mon, everybody to the panic room Everybody to the panic room C'mon, everybody to the panic room {You may try to stop my song} {But my flow is way too strong} (Crazy!) {The beat goes on} (Crazy!) {The beat goes...} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Humdinger Song: Small Town Typed by: crdecoursey24@yahoo.com (Lil Yuk) Boy say to me, he say, "Ay Yuk! What's yo favorite city?" And I say "West Virginia. That's my home town." Chorus: Take me back to West V-A Take me back to Charleston It's them doggone busy city streets That I'm ridin' to get far from Ridin' to a small town Ridin' to a small town Take me back to Massachusetts Take me back to Cape Cod It's them doggone big ol' city buildings I'm ridin' to escape from Ridin' to a small town Ridin' to a small town (B. Stille) Yo, uh, ridin' past beautiful cow fields Top down see how the air feels I see trees that was here before me Seem like each one's telling a story I just wanna go hit the local bar Where the owner's fat and smoke cigars Where country girls attracted me Like everybody works in a factory Where they ship they goods to bigger places A city lights just could never replace this Where high school sports is what we live for Hit the lotto and next week you still poor In a small town Chorus: Take me back to West V-A Take me back to Charleston It's them doggone busy city streets That I'm ridin' to get far from Ridin' to a small town Ridin' to a small town Take me back to Massachusetts Take me back to Cape Cod It's them doggone big ol' city buildings I'm ridin' to escape from Ridin' to a small town Ridin' to a small town (Ron Clutch) They say the whole damn world is country Small town livin', not a porch monkey Dirt road and gravel, anywhere you travel Mechanic is the sheriff is the judge with the gavel Everybody cousin, cuz everybody kin Piggly Wiggly one school everybody friends From high school football to family reunions Movin' at the speed of life drunk by noon and That's my uncle, I know everybody got one Freaky-ass white girl, daddy got a shotgun Fly through the town, ya blink ya might miss it City slicker in the country wish you come visit Come on down, come on down Come on down, come on down Lil' Yuk, what you think about that right there? (Lil' Yuk) Like, man, uh, I like North Carolina. I like Kentucky, Tennessee, like... I don't wanna, I wanna see something important and take a right and right there at it I don't like all that traffic. I like to get where I'm going I like people with things on they man like, "Let's have a good time, let's sit on the porch." That's what I was telling my homeboy Plump down in Duluth. You know, in Georgia We was gonna kick it and do it way big. He always show us around at the office And like why you go to the office? I'm like "Man it's some real people comin' from a small town." And that's where I'm from. And that's where I do rappin' That's Nappy Roots. That's Fish Scales, and that's Clutch an that's B. Stille and that's Skinny Deville, that's V That's, that's history, man You know when you from the country everything's cool, you know Give us a front porch, give us a thing of Patron and give us you know a few Corona, a Red Stripe. You know, things like that Budweiser if ya money's low. But we gonna have a good time, man we comin from a small town. Bowling Green, Kentucky Milledgeville, Georgia. You know thangs like that I like Keepwater(??) Mississippi, you know, Florida All them places like that, small town Still love for LA and Chicago, but when I wanna kick I wanna be in a small town Chorus: Take me back to West V-A Take me back to Charleston It's them doggone busy city streets That I'm ridin' to get far from Ridin' to a small town Ridin' to a small town Take me back to Massachusetts Take me back to Cape Cod It's them doggone big ol' city buildings I'm ridin' to escape from Ridin' to a small town Ridin' to a small town The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Pursuit of Nappyness Song: Welcome to the Show Typed by: craig.bowen@gmail.com [Verse 1] (Skinny DeVille) Yeah....ha....uh.... They say success is the best revenge, tell a friend keep 'em close like a enemy, invest to win safeless, the necessary, leave the rest to them loose lips sink boats, try your best to swim captain of your ship, do ya best and grin never let 'em see you sweat the stress again and make a new direction, take ya next of kin out the trap, it's called life--make the best of it [Verse 2] (Fishscales) Well it's the F-I-S-H S-C-A-L-E-S you can find me rollin' hella sess I keep a smile cause I never stress I'm gettin' love in Kentucky from Paducah back to Somerset and yeah I'm country I don't run from that I got a catalogue full of 16s say I come from there and this is me all day, I'm never clockin in' just wanna say thank y'all for just stoppin' in  [Hook] Welcome to the show, welcome to the show, Welcome to the show (x4) [Verse 3] (Big V) Dear God, let them hear me and see you thanks heavenly for what you allow me to do all things are possible when I go through you thanks for the caterin' and real good food thanks for the DJ and 5-man crew bless him for the fans, God, you the man well, as I bring this to a close bless me with a feel for the real good (HOES!!!) [Verse 4] (B. Stille) Uh, I rock the, v-neck tees, wrinkly jeans old people askin' me "do you sleep in them jeans?" I reply, "no sir or ma'am, this is the style," big smile, I ain't felt like this in a while see the young'ns on the block, tell 'em stay in that school gangbangin', hangin' out, smokin', drinkin' ain't cool show you how to be a leader, just follow your dreams and always vow to keep it Nappy by any means [Hook] Dude, dude, you guys are phenomenal dude... I promise...I mean, my sister loves you guys... I joined this frat because of you guys... Fuckin' awesome, man... Nappy fuckin' Roots [Verse 5] (Ron Clutch) The world's a stage, just tryin' to play my part keep my feet on earth and still parlay with the stars yeah I be spacin' out, vacation to Mars but when I return, I come back with the burn what you learn? Sometimes you have to take it that far it's more important how you finish than the way that you start life is bittersweet, even taste a lil' tart let you make the situation, it don't make who you are you can't throw in your hand, might as well play with your cards you win some, you lose some, don't take it to heart take it to the next level, take it way out the chart you don't wanna leave here without makin' your mark bet your light shine, find your way out the dark surround yourself with good energy so you can stay charged stay on the cuttin' edge, make sure your blades stay sharp art imitates life, life imitates art... [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Pursuit of Nappyness Song: Ride Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com, craig.bowen@gmail.com (Intro, Fish Scales) Yeah, sometimes you just gotta ride (Verse 1, Fish Scales) I'm headed to Savannah, the sun rise there And somethin tellin me that I should be somewhere near I met somebody daughter, played in her water The lake was too salty and I'm not Kyle Korver I was goin hard in the paint where the stars hang out Just to find out that what they buy ain't bought And then I found me startin to go the same route I do this for the love, you can throw the fame out A chair still a chair, even when it change house And I am hip-hop, even when I claim south What'chu think we all look the same, game is bad Cause now we all fightin for the same damn spot Go'on, do da "Stanky Leg" It's better than talkin bout shootin people in the head I'm headed out to Oakland, the sun lies there And somethin tellin me that I should be somewhere near Where we goin? (Hook) We got five on gas, gettin nowhere fast Deep down in the sticks of Georgia (Where do you go) Big trucks roll through, might blow they horns They glad cause they goin to Florida (Where do you go) My neighbors overseas, and they fightin like hell I can smell it from across the water (From across the water) (I waaalk, and where the world do you go) (Verse 2, Skinny DeVille) Ha Just like you thought it wasn't gon bop Yup, it's how I know it wasn't gon flop Sometimes you got to give it all you got Even though a few folk keep wishin that you stop But after that, another classic we gon' drop And I ain't talkin bout no fancy mansion or no yacht Just a quarter pound of pot on my fourty acre lot Wit my Caddy coupe and drop, and a Range Rover SPOT I mean SPORT, sometimes I lose my train of thought But I'm back again and promise that every track is hot We gon' hit some traffic headed to the top So we gon' take another route and simply creep right past the cops And the haters man, they comin for my spot But we don't have to talk, come on get it while it's hot Fresh out the skillet, never feel it or you're not We gon' verti-cal grille it, watch me sell it on the block (Hook) We got five on gas, gettin nowhere fast Deep down in the sticks of Georgia (Where do you go) Big trucks roll through, might blow they horns They glad cause they goin to Florida (Where do you go) My neighbors overseas, and they fightin like hell I can smell it from across the water (From across the water) (I waaalk, and where the world do you go) (Verse 3, Fish Scales) The sun don't move, the earth don't stop The stars do drop, and they house forclose Cars repoed, business get towed Probably be a friend and sell the story out the bowl Then they can't see theyself back in the hood Can't let they friends know they not doin good See you lay low, and focus on ya kids Hope someobody remember somethin that'cha did (Skinny DeVille) Yah And if they did, then you gon' trip Grind for seven days a week, and then you watch it flip Legit and squeaky clean, that's how it seems at the tip Gotta dig a little deep, you wanna see about the grit The grass gets mighty green by the fence Which side is the question? I'm headed that direction Knowledge is the weapon, and I use it for protection If you think I'm really slippin, then run up and learn ya lesson (Hook) We got five on gas, gettin nowhere fast Deep down in the sticks of Georgia (Where do you go) Big trucks roll through, might blow they horns They glad cause they goin to Florida (Where do you go) My neighbors overseas, and they fightin like hell I can smell it from across the water (From across the water) (I waaalk, and where the world do you go) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: The Pursuit of Nappyness Song: Live & Die Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com, craig.bowen@gmail.com (Intro, Fish Scales) Uhh, that's right Uhh, know what it is (Verse 1, Fish Scales) I remember mixtape exclusive, no name producers You wasn't hot til' you sold by all boosters Run up in the chicken coop, corner the rooster We used to call that "jammin the chickens" Them the old days, god damnit I miss 'em We was rappin 'for we knew what it was We was rappin for a reason to cuss Now I just rap cause I'm fuckin in love with it Kinda shy guy, so I had to go public with it Hip-hop and Fish Scales and a blue-jean wedding Had twins called Hell and Heaven Nobody really knows when they watchin a legend, til' he gone Til' y'all kingdome come, in God's name Come back like Christ and demand for his throne Rock oil, I don't fuck with cologne That's why these neo-soul bitches can't leave me alone, I'm gone (Hook, Skinny DeVille) Yuh, I live and die for this shit Hip-hop, the love of my life Ha, uh, I live and die for this shit Hip-hop, the love of my life Ha, uh, I live and die for this shit Hip-hop, the love of my life Yuh, uh, I live and die for this shit Damn straight, I'ma ride for my bitch, ha (Verse 2, Skinny DeVille) Yuh, and I do what I gotta Live for this shit, and I prolly die bout it Time to switch it up, the game done got too crowded All you niggas shuckin and jivin, I doubt it Dealin this and killin that, lame sound childish The only trap is in ya brain, nigga snap outta it Ain't nothin wrong, bein smart, black, and proud of it We all came a long way, we got a thousand miles to get, shit But ain't I allowed to vent? we need more cuttin in, but still they sound a bit like whoever Got a hit and probably out now Welcome to the city of men, it's goin downtown But I am from a part of the slum, where the hustle is brung Where they think that success wouldn't come I am hip-hop, and a student to some Professor to most, I'm coming second-to-none, I'm hollin' (Hook, Skinny DeVille) Yuh, I live and die for this shit Hip-hop, the love of my life Ha, uh, I live and die for this shit Hip-hop, the love of my life Ha, uh, I live and die for this shit Hip-hop, the love of my life Yuh, uh, I live and die for this shit Damn straight, I'ma ride for my bitch (verse 3, Ron Clutch) Yeah, they figured hip-hop's a fad, it would die out quick But it spread like wild fires, got the whole world lit Can't stop boppin they head, they bumpin our shit B.G.'s to germany, got 'em pumpin they fists Got soldiers all over, gettin crunk in this bitch Shoot up the charts with number one hits Shoot up the club, with a full clip How you like us now? The whole world's on our dick, yeah Hip-hop, the love of my life, my girl, my bitch My wife, my soul-mate, without her I'm sick Tie the knot, jump the broom, we a perfect fit No pre-nup, she was with me before I was rich We fell in love when we was just kids And see no love lasts as long as this Til' death do us part, God forbid we split Let nothin break this relationship The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ A. Leon Craft Album: The Pursuit of Nappyness Song: Know Bout Me Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Intro) Chops on the track Yeahhh (Verse 1, A. Leon Craft) A. Leon Craft, South Pole cold (Cold) Up my damn flow, like a lit gas stove (Stove) Tk-tk-tk-tk-tk-tk-foohh (Foohh) Damn Clutch, my bad, I'm bout to burn down the booth (Booth) Bentley brand new (New) Haters are too (Too) Awol roof, ride an hour later, coo (Coo) Space-ship for two, she got a mass of Basker boots (Boots) We drank so much Patrone, I had to turn down the Goose (Goose) I'm from another land (Hey) Highly in demand, though (Hey) Louisville Slugger (Hey), real candy on sedan though (Hey, hey, hey) Country like a banjo Shawty I'm just sayin, though A. Leon the shit, you gon be more than seein a candle (Hey) Microphone commando (Hey) Ballin, I got handles (Hey) Cross over shawty school and hip-hop band notes (Hey) Brothership Decatur, hater ways never clash Outer-space, super fast I'm a A. Leon Craaaft (Hook) When them country boys come out, at night Space-ships go up, in flight Nothing your eyes, have seen What do you know, bout me Yeah, what you know about me Uhh, yeah, what you know about me Uhh, yeah, what you know about me With my top down blowin on top pedigree, yeah (Verse 2) Yeah, uhh I get my Louisville Slugger on Shawty thick, lookin good, I'll slug a homer CLINK- You're outta here Mary buns got nothin on us I'm a stick boy, still good on the corners Uhh, got a Caddy like a space-ship (Uh) And I ain't foolin with you niggas, I'm a racist Shawty race this, engine got a face-lift I took the 350 out and serve the space kit Now we ridin like they do it on the fourth planet Y'all talk funny, we don't even understand it Like a drive on the sidewalk; Outlandish Smack ya granny on the ass, I'm so man-ish I'm so candid, make ya say damn it I don't get "Wasted", I get so damaged Ron Clutch, get the ink, I'm so granded A. Leon snap his fingers, we so vanished (Hook) When them country boys come out, at night Space-ships go up, in flight Nothing your eyes, have seen What do you know, bout me Yeah, what you know about me Uhh, yeah, what you know about me Uhh, yeah, what you know about me With my top down blowin on top pedigree, yeah (Verse 3) They think they know me, but they got no idea Can't even see me, high as I feel You know how we be, on some country-fried kill I'm from the south side of De Ville, and we all about the real Better keep ya eyes peeled, plus behind the wheel Better pimp that space-ship with the verti-cal grilles Got the big ol' shiny wheels, to tell me how I feel I named her Miss Pig and she stay in them high heels We swervin through the galaxy in a alternate reality You know how the Caddy be, defy the laws of gravity We travel at a faster speed to charge up my battery Bottle and a bag of weed, now ain't nobody catchin me You know how Nappy be, you know how the boys do it You know we get straight to it, then we run straight through it A. Leon Craft just landed, you know he stay zooted (Cough-cough-cough) Off this country-fried backwoods, outer-space music (Hook) When them country boys come out, at night Space-ships go up, in flight Nothing your eyes, have seen What do you know, bout me Yeah, what you know about me Uhh, yeah, what you know about me Uhh, yeah, what you know about me With my top down blowin on top pedigree, yeah (Outro) This has been a Chops production Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Pursuit of Nappyness Song: P.O.N. (Pursuit of Nappyness) Typed by: craig.bowen@gmail.com [Skinny DeVille] Classic 2000 and forever... [Hook-Skinny DeVille] At first you don't succeed, try it all again I'd die 'fore I quit, so indeed I'ma win 'Til the fat lady sing the last note in the hymn Don't worry 'bout me, I"ma grind 'til then (repeat) [Skinny DeVille] They say fame is like cheers, where everybody knows your name Success at any level has a feel I can't explain You win some, you lose, it's on how you play the game But you gotta know the rules and these dues are insane If you make it to the top, congrats, good for you You don't have to sell drugs, you can do it through school You can make it by your damn self, it's better with yo' crew But choose your team wisely, don't pick a bunch of fools You gotta motivate, through ya hate infested lakes Maneuver through the snakes and the sharks, white and great They was with you from the start, is always what they say Watchin' every step along the way that you take Nobody's perfect, see we all gon' make mistakes Ya live and ya learn, fast life, pump the brakes Last night's not today, and right now's not tomorrow Livin' for the moment, then you're time's already borrowed [Hook] At first you don't succeed, try it all again I'd die 'fore I quit, so indeed I'ma win 'Til the fat lady sing the last note in the hymn Don't worry 'bout me, I"ma grind 'til then (repeat) [Fishscale] Yo, uh, my story Fishscale bumpin, murderville jumpin Must be a wrap 'cause I'm ballin' up somethin' Packin' up my bags in the old Chevrolet And if they ask where I'm goin' tell em Bringin' it back to the A State trooper got me, beat me like Rodney Left the big city, turned a Saint like Shockey Didn't have much but what the good Lord could spot me Ask me where I'm goin, say I'm bringin' it back to the A Music stop sellin', friends start bailin' I'm failin' everything, not to mention I'm a felon My cousin doin' time and I don't know what I should tell him 'sides "Keep ya head up, cuz" I'm bringin' it back to the A Small town country boy, big city dreamer Double-wide trailer, pickup truck and a Beamer Tunnel vision driver, honk your horn if you see us If you wonder where I'm goin bruh I'm bringin' it back to the A! [Hook] At first you don't succeed, try it all again I'd die 'fore I quit, so indeed I'ma win 'Til the fat lady sing the last note in the hymn Don't worry 'bout me, I"ma grind 'til then (repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Nappy Dot Org Song: Good & Evil Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (Hook) Got stuck between good and evil everyday What I can, I can not say I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore Gotta keep my head high above the clouds Cause when it's low it brings me down I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore Ohhhhh-ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhhh Ohhhhh-ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhhh (Verse 1) Bite my tongue's all I did back in grade school Back in class, I was smart but I played fool And turnin felon at sixteen was so cool Cause you don't know what you missin when they was broke too And I'm stuck (Between good and evil everyday) Some of my favorite rappers told me that crime pay I'm glad I learned not to follow what every rhyme say I gotta always have a do what's right, mindstate I promise (I won't fight it anymore) And why should I, well damn it how could I If I don't trust me, then how will I know how good I- Ever could be, just a G in the hood, high They told me keep it real, forever rep ya clique For every whoopin don't deserve the same size, switch I pray to know the difference, and never lose sight I told my brother only keep it real when it's right He told me (Hook) Got stuck between good and evil everyday What I can, I can not say I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore (Verse 2) I'm feelin like I can take on the whole planet, can't nobody stop me These haters wanna see me fail, well damn it they can watch me From the paparazzi, seventy, come back like it's Rocky And no I'm not Apollo creed, I'm more like El Mariachi A desperado wake and sauce And all this ain't Versaci My word and my balls all I got, you think I'm cocky But never mind, I came to grind I'm thinkin like a ponzi- Scheme when I flip my cheese and swisher sweet to broccoli We hotter than hibachi, super crunchy Saki Patience and persistence what my grandpapa taught me Somebody musta put me here to break up the monotony  I humbly decline to be the boss, it's way to costly (Hook) Got stuck between good and evil everyday What I can, I can not say I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore (Verse 3) Heeeeeeeeyyyy Prayer, mama say there's power in it Pain, God is how she deal with it Struggle, she wanted better for her children Hustle, that ain't the way Jesus did it Violence, Martin Luther woulda been against it Fellow man, the Beatles made us all feel it Within, that's where you gotta have it Or bendin in, ask God and you shall have it Trials, that's just a test of your faith Vow, to talk with him all the way Thirst, to want what I work for Sustain, to show you what I'm made of (Hook) Got stuck between good and evil everyday What I can, I can not say I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore Gotta keep my head high above the clouds Cause when it's low it brings me down I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore Ohhhhh-ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhhh Ohhhhh-ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhhh Got stuck between good and evil everyday What I can, I can not say I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore Gotta keep my head high above the clouds Cause when it's low it brings me down I won't fight it anymore I can't fight it anymore Ohhhhh-ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhhh Ohhhhh-ohhhh, ohhhh-ohhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: Nappy Dot Org Song: Karma Typed by: r0llinlacs@yahoo.com (verse 1) May the Lord bless the child that can hold his own in this day in time And waits for no man or the wo-man, sun rise; starts to grind And the early cat; eats the bird that gets the worm, we find The results always stay the same, nine out of ten tries I'ma grind; never mind how my neighbor flips a dime into a dollar Says the scholar from the school of hard livin Play the cards I was given from the dealer, with a smile Take a swallow from the Coke and then I mix it with the Crown So surprised, I'm still alive doin fine instead of crime I got off easy as a kid, but this karma is a bitch You reap what you sow, niggas better learn to stitch On the search for extra dollars, one thing you can't forget (Hook) Karmaaaa It'll catch up wit'chu one day, you can ask your Mamaaaaaa She'll say "What goes around comes back" because there's no honoooor; Amongst theives, gotta shake the leaves and empty your armoiiiir Because karma is a bitch, and every bitch loves dramaaaaaa (Verse 2) Now we've been in this game for ten years makin rap tunes Ever since rappers was hollerin cash rules Before it was cool to have all these tattoos You put out negative energy, you get bad news You hang with positive people, you win mo' Never throw the first stone, you might miss ya window Damn near sold my soul, that's too much info Booked some overpriced shows that I ain't make a cent fo' Finances in limbo, have my own family to fend fo' Help them my kinfolk, it came back ten-fold What goes around comes around, it'll catch up When ya least expect it, please accept that that's just (Hook) Karmaaaa It'll catch up wit'chu one day, you can ask your Mamaaaaaa She'll say "What goes around comes back" because there's no honoooor Amongst theives, gotta shake the leaves and empty your armoiiiir Because karma is a bitch, and every bitch loves dramaaaaaa (verse 3) Simple veto, right out of a Bible bill Prayer sayer, look at what the Bible left Slum, heavy-set, row ton Do the work, then you know it's gon' come Feel good, call life good Great day cause the night good What I say when it write good Yo hood is my hood, my hood and yo hood, so we all hood But it's all about the next step, puff pass golf The next breath, get it in and that's that Answer to the prayers of my grand dad Runnin through these Billie Jeans Still Michael Jackson bad (Hook) Karmaaaa It'll catch up wit'chu one day, you can ask your Mamaaaaaa She'll say "What goes around comes back" because there's no honoooor Amongst theives, gotta shake the leaves and empty your armoiiiir Because karma is a bitch, and every bitch loves dramaaaaaa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Episode Album: Game Affiliated (The Compilation Volume 1) Song: Be On Yo Way Typed by: joeford72@hotmail.com [Fish Scales] yeah [R. Prophit] Awwwww [Fish Scales] Wassup [R. Prophit] yes'sa [Fish Scales] You know dat [R. Prophit] Nappy Roots and Game Point [Fish Scales] Fish Scales and R. Prophit, Game Point, Wassup? [Chours][R. Prophit] See I don't care what them people say And I blow tress and just grind all day See I truley know dat my hustles gone pay So you best be on yo wayyyy [Episode] Most times I'm gettin serious, I don't play no games You niggas dats curious, you gone feel da flame Cause rhymes that I hit cha wit, It'll prolly crack ya frame Wether you a city black male, it's all da same [Fish Scales] I just hit Fern Valley Rd., I got a bag full a cookies A white girl drivin dat keeps da stash in her pussy Got my cousion back at home, still watchin fo da block And dis white girl too, so she ain't stoppin fo da cops [Chours] 1x [Fish Scales] But once again I gots to lay down da law [Yo]Cause niggas lookin at me like my hustle gotta fall Bitch you ain't never seen a Sunbird on some 18's, lookin so clean When I was young I swear to God that was my ultimate dream But now I'm 25 and all I want is bubbled eyes Come threw wit a big body wit double tires, it's gettin hard I know y'all don't wanna hate me, but it's to hard, I'm good folks it's simple, like all my niggas get drinks and get smokes and keep dope [Episode] Outside, niggas with techniques and young preists shakin fakin something, life in da beach ain't nuttin sweet Concerned with a navigator, illest nigga on beats Them scales to alagator, PHD in da street G P, Nappy, indeed we in a faith for cash We move make, bend rules and law break Ain't no escape, impliment ya plan, make it work Cause I'ma stack till my old ass is in da dirt [Chours] 2x [R. Prophit] I greet life, hold me tight, been lonley most my life Walk past somethin dats dried, crumbled inside Tried to be, find somebody believe in dis here Most people they fear, black male rap fo real I majored dis year, like Damon Waynes on top of his game Never leavin da game, it's Prophit boy on top of ya brain Fumblin blunts, sometimes stumblin drunk Stumblin crunk, come threw rumblin trunks Nappy hit pumps, and Game Point lights ya junts No time fo stunts, my people been hungry fo months You know me dawg, always gotta keep it raw Speakin real life shit off dat alchol [Chours] 2X [Talking] It's over now Hey what up my nigga? They talkin bout us man? man fuck these hoes Burn it down, fo real I ain't in dat shit Man, fuck them niggas man Always Underground fo life underground forever Lets get these niggas Game Point Nappy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots f/ Cam'Ron, Jazze Pha & Twista Album: Po' Folks (Single) Song: Awnaw (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Yo, yeah, this is the Rocafella remix Killer-Cam, Nappy Roots, y'all ready? Awnaw! Hell naw! Boy Y'all done up and done it Awnaw! Hell naw! Boy Y'all done up and done it Awnaw! Hell naw! Boy Y'all done up and done it Ah, y'all done up and done it Man y'all done up and done it [Fish Scales] My first song was like forty-eight bars with no hooks You hear me flippin thru my pages out my favorite notebooks The microphone was in the closet, no headphones, we lost it Niggas scared to get some water, roaches hangin over the faucets No AC, Tez'll break a sweat just tryin to make beats E-Dubz was being a hustler always flirtin with all his customers, and flat broke Nappy smokin blacks out on the back po'ch I'm thinkin I got everything a country boy could ask for [Big V] Now what we do to get here? (say that boy) Lay it down and bring it to ya raw (say that boy) Hey now we hurt some, suffered for more, takes what we work for Hated for for the cussin, but the hatred it made us cuss more Held on, but it was hard, stepped up, took charge Ran through what we scared of, but what was we afraid for? Look at what we made of, hard times done made us Being here is alright, but must believe we want more! 	[Jazze Pha] Them country boys on the rise With them big fat wheels on the side Peep them vertical grills on the ride And awww-aw-aww-aw Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwww [Skinny DeVille] My yegga, we hogwild, bet that from that roota to that toota file Hell naw, them country boys ain't headed south for six miles Kentucky mud, them kinfolk, twankies with them hundred spokes Skullied on that front porch, plus you know they got dro Seventy-nine coupe DeVille vertical Caddy grill Interstate 65 heading down to Cashville Glass filled, to the tippy top, back seat Benz Spent my last cent on the rent, left with pocket lints A damn shame, gotta grind anything and everything Jimmy Crack Corn, cross the county line with Mary Jane A long time, a gravel road, to cash and fame and sold my soul To Hell and back, and back and forth, with same jeans and nappy 'fro [R. Prophit] I might, hop off the Harley, smoke mine like Bob Marley Block parties with shawties, wallin like they swallowin Bacardi Them butter-skin, Prophit gutter like kin Understand you 'bout to lose ya life fuckin with them 	[Jazze Pha] Them country boys on the rise With them big fat wheels on the side Peep them vertical grills on the ride And awww-aw-aww-aw Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwww 	[Cam'Ron] Killer, uh, when it come to New York I'm the man around town, just trust me Down in the buggy, I that cat down in Kentucky Outta Bowling Green, heard ya holding cream Mess with a city slicker, we could mould the team We'll talk in code, smoker be the sandbox Could be the hamhots, or be the lamb chops We'll make wild mills, how ill I'll show you how that denial feel, trade in that cow grill 	[Twista] Finna head south, get up out the city Smokin' on a fifty, feelin' pretty good With a hood chick, gotta hit a little bit Now she call me daddy in a caddy full of wood Call me country, TV's on the headrest Even if there ain't no seats in the back of me I play the DVD's, for the cars on the streets And the people in back of me I'm trailin', a chevy with a grill or the black cadillac, got the option If it ain't got rims when the drop on the block with no locks than it's not my concoction Hurt 'em with the chrome, rollin' on chrome rims it's the twenties This Nappy Roots and Twista, if it ain't dope then don't call it country 	[Jazze Pha] Them country boys on the rise! With them big fat wheels on the side! Peep the vertical grills on the ride! And aw-awww-awww-awwwww! Them country boys With them big fat wheels Peep the vertical grills And awwwwwwww! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nappy Roots Album: South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (soundtrack) Song: Riches to Rags (Mmmkay) Typed by: Blindmouse@hotmail.com [Mackey] There are times when you get suckered in By drugs, and alcohol, and sex with women(mmmkay) But it's when you do these things too much That you've become an addict, and must get back in touch... (Mmmkay)[uhh](mmmkay)[uhh](mmmkay)[c'mon][Nappy] [Yo!] (Mmmkay) Alcohol, drugs, sex, you've become an addict(too much) Alcohol, drugs, sex, sex(too much) Alcohol, drugs, sex, you've become an addict Alcohol, drugs, sex, sex(too much) He wore the finest stuff, platinum chains with diamond cuts Hawaiian slush, combined with wine and coconuts. [Pushed a 'lac, gator shoes, amani suits, shahou(?) Plenty hoes, plenty loot, a major nigga, a paid nigga.] Kept some red Jarans, plus a big benz, plus a lex jeep Plus the best friends, plus he jet ski, in Texas. {Flash the big chedda, wu-leather, new chedder, gucci sweata Spillin' armaredda in a black Baretta For the fools who change like blue weather.} [His tailor-made Armani suits, played with Tommy boots Pushed more hummers than army troops, word to my men Dukes.] Look at him 'sached down, more kids than Bobby Brown Had a private jet, planned the odds he bet, two keys inside his vest. {I keep the gold chain, and a cold dame, We drove a fast car in a slow lane, With caviar with the white cocaine flick it all in the dope game.} [Snooort coke, push dope, down to cut, a nigga throat Spunt half of his summer, cruisin' on a, love boat.] (Mmkay) [Mmmkay]{anyway}[mmm-hmm]{for real?} [Is that right?]{feel that}[Go'n ahead balla]{do ya thang} [Mmmkay]{anyway}[mmm-hmm]{really?} [Is that right?]{feel that}[Go ahead playa]{do yo thang} Spring break, Virginia Beach, had a pair of, gold skis Mo' money, than Playboy (BK?) Nigga Please! [He was to the lavish, trick you casual, playa status, not the fattest Chick the baddest, used to ball with Gladys Knight, This was just your average night] (My dude spend a G a week just to see a freak Strip down to her bear essentials in the Presidential Suite, His men too weak.) {New York Undercover shot his brother, in a shootout He had to move out, and drop his mother in a new house.} He had nothin' to go home to, the fiend was on the menu. A two time loser, [ohh man] deja vu. (Fell in debt with Johnny Mafia, and let the gun play. He sold his Altima, leased a Hundai, [pushin' out his Mom's place!]) [Get caught for child support, poppin' corks was more important. Bench warned, undercover imformant, three years upstate, tough break.] Droppin names, poppin veins, gettin high off his own supply Still movin weight, steady losin weight, On the crime, with his life on the line. Alcohol, drugs, sex, you've become an addict(too much) Alcohol, drugs, sex, sex(too much) Mmmkay? Alcohol, drugs, sex, you've become an addict Alcohol, drugs, sex, sex(too much) Mmmkay? Look, him and his boys got duct taped for hangin' out at Suge's place. See all my niggas, they took chase, When they heard little Daddy push weight. {It was a robbery, snatch his platinum cubic link, and his wallabe's. Another street casualty that was written and promised in the prophecy.} [They stole his watches and rings while they shot up his veins God bless, he had no vest, and he felt no pain, For the holes in his chest.] Heart beat, weak canal, stones in his reefer now Lugz overflooded with blood, he 'bout to drown. {Nose white, laughin, ambulance light splashin. Soon he'll leave, but for now, give him some room to breathe. Doctor called the family in, enemies, and next of kin. One foot in the grave, and his soul in the wind. From ashes to dirt, went closed casket to limosines and a hearse Photographic pictures of the bastard, With "Rest In Peace" on (damn!) his shirt. Cause after ways, some niggas came over, jumpin' out of a range rover. Put the gat to his head, and he told him "The Game's Over!". [Mmmkay]{anyway}[mmm-hmm]{for real?} [Is that right?]{feel that}[Go'n ahead balla]{do ya thang} [Mmmkay]{anyway}[mmm-hmm]{oh really?} [Is that right?]{feel that}[Go ahead playa]{do ya thank?}     {repeat until fade} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michael Barber + Audio Stepchild f/ Buffalo Stille (Nappy Roots) Album: Every Coincidence is Significant Song: Sofa Bed Typed by: @MrBootlegs Talking: Yeah, Audio Stepchild, It's your boy Fishscales, Nappy Roots in the building, I wanna give a big shout out to my home boys holding it down, Jon Hay, What up?! [Michael Barber] Get em as we hit em so we know that they be ready Lynch em, Mob em, Rob em, Ready? Say Woo Ha Ha, drinking brews ha ha's Playing Old Wu Tang, Getting Up in Pu Tang Brooklyn Zoo is the attitude ODB and a cup of that rude Staying Up late and we sleep passed snooze.. Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] [Buffalo Stille of Nappy Roots] Aw Naw, Look who just stepped in? Stilley! Little shot a juice, big cup of gin Your girl smell my aro with each gust of wind Plus my team can't lose pick us to wiin tonight we going in, tomorrow we going hard again been a 5 week party binge told my bi-chick to call up some naughty friends now who ends up with who? it all depends We on the floor at the hole in the wall they way her booty clap, make ya hold your applause exposing her draws, she showed me her thong kitty cat get wetter than a nose on a dog get hi like some 'rilla with some hemp tide broke down a whole pound, enzymes I'm a pimp, you can tell by how my rims shine the only time I sweat a bitch is when it's gym time Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] [Buffalo Stille of Nappy Roots] Yep, we in the club like dubstep smoking out til there ain't no more bud left Damn, we outta weed? no need to be upset we with Michael Barber aka the local drug rep [Michael Barber] Shhh! But I got it on the low whoa to the kush that we about to blow See I'm on a roll get it popping like X dudes want fame, taking pictures with my EX dudes in the batting circle claiming they got next Just got a text, from the 5-0-2 Buffalo, now tell em what we gonna do [Buffalo Stille of Nappy Roots] This is our house and we might let you sublet naaaw, fuck that, now a days, everybody got swag, I mean who don't? but why you wear the cowboy hat? Cause you don't Ha, am I over dressed? Snake skin boots with the cobra heads girl you could be the guest on my sofa bed I wear rubbers to the club, I am so prepared Wax on wax it off my nickname Buffalo Hasselhoff beer pong, flip cup, fitting to get my dick sucked passed out at the bar, woke up at the strip club... Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] Now Breathe [Breaths, Breaths] 