The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas w/ AZ, The Firm Album: Illmatic Song: The Genesis Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *sound of a subway train going overhead* *in the background, Nas' verse from Main Source "Live at the BBQ" is heard* *excerpt of verse is as follows*   (Street's disciple, my raps are trifle    I shoot slugs from my brain just like a rifle    Stampede the stage, I leave the microphone split    Play Mr. Tuffy while I'm on some Pretty Tone shit    Verbal assassin, my architect pleases    When I was twelve, I went to ... ) *conversation heard over this before Wild Style music kicks in is as follows* *(dialogue from the film between ZORO and his infantryman brother, Hector)* Hector: And you're sitting at home doing this shit? I should be earning a  medal for this. Stop fucking around and be a man, there ain't nothing out  here for you... ZORO: Oh yes there is...this! [Jungle] Yo Nas Yo what the fuck is this bullshit on the radio Son? [Nas] Chill chill, that's the shit God, chill [AZ the Visualiza] Aiyyo yo, pull down the shade, man. Let's count this money, nigguh Aiyyo Nas, put the Jacksons and the Grants over there You know what I'm sayin? Cause we spendin the Jacksons [Nas] Right, yeah. [AZ] You know how we get down baby [Nas] True, true" [Jungle] Nas, yo Nas, man shit is mad real right now in the Projects for a nigga yo, word to mother. All them crab ass rappers be comin up to me man word to mother man I think we need to let them niggaz know it's real man [Nas] True indeed, knahmsayin, but when it's real you doin this even without a record contract, knahmsayin? [AZ] No question [Nas] Been doin this since back then [Jungle] No doubt [AZ] I'm saying regardless how it go down we gon keep it real We trying to see many mansions and...and Coupes kid! [Nas] No doubt, we gon keep it real True, true... [Jungle] Aiyyo where's Grand Wizard and Mayo at man? Takin niggas a long time, man..." [Nas] Who got the Phillies? Take this Hennessey [AZ] Aiyyo Dunn! C'mon, c'mon, man stop waving that man Stop pointing that at me Dunn, take the clip out [Nas] Nigga alright but take this Hennessey man [AZ] I'm saying take the clip man C'mon, take it out... [Nas] Light them Phillies up man Niggaz stop fucking burning Phillies man Light some Phillies up then! [Jungle] Pass that Amber Boch, pass that Amber Boch, nigga! Act like you know. [AZ] Yo, we drinking this straight up with no chaser I ain't fucking with you nigga [Nas] I'm saying though man... [AZ] What is it, what is it baby? [Jungle] What is it Son, what is it? [AZ] You know what time it is [Nas] I'm saying man, ya know what I'm saying? Niggaz don't listen man, representing It's Illmatic The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Illmatic Song: N.Y. State of Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Nas] Yeah yeah, aiyyo black it's time (word?) (Word, it's time nigga?) Yeah, it's time man (aight nigga, begin) Yeah, straight out the fuckin dungeons of rap Where fake niggaz don't make it back I don't know how to start this shit, yo, now [Verse One: Nas] Rappers I monkey flip 'em with the funky rhythm I be kickin Musician, inflictin composition of pain I'm like Scarface sniffin cocaine Holdin a M-16, see with the pen I'm extreme, now Bulletholes left in my peepholes I'm suited up in street clothes Hand me a nine and I'll defeat foes Y'all know my steelo with or without the airplay I keep some E&J, sittin bent up in the stairway Or either on the corner bettin Grants with the celo champs Laughin at baseheads, tryin to sell some broken amps G-Packs get off quick, forever niggaz talk shit Remeniscing about the last time the Task Force flipped Niggaz be runnin through the block shootin Time to start the revolution, catch a body head for Houston Once they caught us off guard, the Mac-10 was in the grass and I ran like a cheetah with thoughts of an assassin Pick the Mac up, told brothers, "Back up," the Mac spit Lead was hittin niggaz one ran, I made him backflip Heard a few chicks scream my arm shook, couldn't look Gave another squeeze heard it click yo, my shit is stuck Try to cock it, it wouldn't shoot now I'm in danger Finally pulled it back and saw three bullets caught up in the chamber So now I'm jetting to the building lobby and it was filled with children probably couldn't see as high as I be (So whatchu sayin?) It's like the game ain't the same Got younger niggaz pullin the triggers bringing fame to they name and claim some corners, crews without guns are goners In broad daylight, stickup kids, they run up on us Fo'-fives and gauges, Macs in fact Same niggaz'll catch a back to back, snatchin yo' cracks in black There was a snitch on the block gettin niggaz knocked So hold your stash until the coke price drop I know this crackhead, who said she gotta smoke nice rock And if it's good she'll bring ya customers in measuring pots, but yo You gotta slide on a vacation Inside information keeps large niggaz erasin and they wives basin It drops deep as it does in my breath I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death Beyond the walls of intelligence, life is defined I think of crime when I'm in a New York state of mind ("New York state of mine" --> Rakim *repeat 4X*) [Verse Two: Nas] Be havin dreams that I'ma gangster -- drinkin Moets, holdin Tecs Makin sure the cash came correct then I stepped Investments in stocks, sewein up the blocks to sell rocks, winnin gunfights with mega cops But just a nigga, walking with his finger on the trigger Make enough figures until my pockets get bigger I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin Give me a Smith and Wessun I'll have niggaz undressin Thinkin of cash flow, buddah and shelter Whenever frustrated I'ma hijack Delta In the P.J.'s, my blend tape plays, bullets are strays Young bitches is grazed each block is like a maze full of black rats trapped, plus the Island is packed From what I hear in all the stories when my peoples come back, black I'm livin where the nights is jet black The fiends fight to get crack I just max, I dream I can sit back and lamp like Capone, with drug scripts sewn Or the legal luxury life, rings flooded with stones, homes I got so many rhymes I don't think I'm too sane Life is parallel to Hell but I must maintain and be prosperous, though we live dangerous cops could just arrest me, blamin us, we're held like hostages It's only right that I was born to use mics and the stuff that I write, is even tougher than dykes I'm takin rappers to a new plateau, through rap slow My rhymin is a vitamin, held without a capsule The smooth criminal on beat breaks Never put me in your box if your shit eats tapes The city never sleeps, full of villians and creeps That's where I learned to do my hustle had to scuffle with freaks I'ma addict for sneakers, twenties of buddah and bitches with beepers In the streets I can greet ya, about blunts I teach ya Inhale deep like the words of my breath I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death I lay puzzle as I backtrack to earlier times Nothing's equivalent, to the new york state of mind ("New York state of mind" --> Rakim *repeat 4X*) ("Nasty Nas" --> cut and scratched 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ AZ the Visualiza Album: Illmatic Song: Life's A Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [A] Aiyyo, wassup wassup let's keep it real son  Count this money, yaknowhatI'msayin? [N] Yea yea [A] Aiyyo, put the Grant's over there in the safe yaknowhatI'msayin? [N] Yea yea [A] Cause we spendin these Jackson's  The Washington's go to wifey, you know how that go [N] I'm sayin, that's what this is all about right?  Clothes, bankrolls, and hoes yaknowhatI'msayin?  Yo then what man, what?? *echoes* [Verse One: AZ the Visualiza] Visualizin the realism of life and actuality Fuck who's the baddest a person's status depends on salary And my mentality is, money orientated I'm destined to live the dream for all my peeps who never made it cause yeah, we were beginners in the hood as five percenters But somethin must of got in us cause all of us turned to sinners Now some, restin in peace and some are sittin in San Quentin Others such as myself are tryin to carry on tradition Keepin the schwepervesence street ghetto essence inside us Cause it provides us with the proper insight to guide us Even though, we know somehow we all gotta go but as long as we leavin thievin we'll be leavin with some kind of dough so, and to that day we expire and turn to vapors me and my capers-ll be somewhere stackin plenty papers Keepin it real, packin steel, gettin high Cause life's a bitch and then you die [Chorus: AZ the Visualiza] Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we get high Cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we puff lye Cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we get high Cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we puff lye  		--> chorus #1 echoes at the end Cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die 		--> chorus #2 includes these lines, echoes at the end [Verse Two: Nas] I woke up early on my born day, I'm twenty years of blessing The essence of adolescent leaves my body now I'm fresh in My physical frame is celebrated cause I made it One quarter through life some God-ly like thing created Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some Load up the mic and bust one, cuss while I puffs from my skull cause it's pain in my brain vein money maintain Don't go against the grain simple and plain When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard Robbin foreigners take they wallets they jewels and rip they green cards Dipped to the projects flashin my quick cash and got my first piece of ass smokin blunts with hash Now it's all about cash in abundance, niggaz I used to run with is rich or doin years in the hundreds I switched my motto -- instead of sayin fuck tomorrow That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto Once I stood on the block, loose cracks produce stacks I cooked up and cut small pieces to get my loot back Time is Illmatic keep static like wool fabric Pack a four-matic that crack your whole cabbage {*Olu Dara plays trumpet until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas w/ Pete Rock (uncredited chorus vocals) Album: Illmatic Song: The World is Yours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "It's yours!" --> T La Rock Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock [PR]	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this?		"It's yours!" 	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this? I sip the Dom P, watchin Gandhi til I'm charged Then writin in my book of rhymes, all the words pass the margin To hold the mic I'm throbbin, mechanical movement Understandable smooth shit that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe The mind activation, react like I'm facin time like 'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets Suede Timb's on my feets, makes my cypher, complete Whether crusin in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep I can't call it, the beats make me fallin asleep I keep fallin, but never fallin six feet deep I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?) I'm out for presidents to represent me (Say what?) I'm out for dead presidents to represent me Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock [PR]	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine [PR]	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this?		"It's yours!" 	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this? To my man Ill Will, God bless your life	"It's yours!" To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life I trip we box up crazy bitches aimin guns in all my baby pictures Beef with housin police, release scriptures that's maybe Hitler's Yet I'm the mild, money gettin style, rollin foul The versatile, honey stickin wild, golden child Dwellin in the Rotten Apple, you get tackled Or caught by the devil's lasso, shit is a hassle There's no days, for broke days, we sell it, smoke pays While all the old folks pray, to Je-sus' soakin they sins in trays of holy water, odds against Nas are slaughter Thinkin a word best describin my life, to name my daughter My strength, my son, the star, will be my resurrection Born in correction all the wrong shit I did, he'll lead a right direction How ya livin large, a broker charge, cards are mediocre You flippin coke or playin spit spades in strip poker 					"It's yours!" Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine [PR]	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this?		"It's yours!" 	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this? [Nas]	Yo, the world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this?		"It's yours!" [PR]	Break it down *Pete Rock cuts and scratches "It's yours!"* I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down singlehanded For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside in a thousand miles from home I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip Picturin my peeps, now the income make my heartbeat skip And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs Headed for Indiana stabbin women like the Phantom The crew is lampin big Willie style Check the chip toothed smile, plus I profile wild Stash through the flock wools, burnin dollars to light my stove Walk the blocks wit a bop, checkin Danes plus the games people play, bust the problems of the world today 					"It's yours!" Chorus: Nas, Pete Rock [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine [PR]	Whose world is this? [Nas]	The world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this?		"It's yours!" 	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this? [Nas]	Yeah... the world is yours, the world is yours [PR]	It's mine, it's mine, it's mine 	Whose world is this?		"It's yours!" 	Break it down Yea aight? To everybody in Queens, the foundation		"It's yours!" The world is yours To everybody uptown, yo, the world is yours	"It's yours!" The world is yours To everybody in Brooklyn Y'all know the world is yours			"It's yours!" The world is yours Everbody in Mount Vernon, the world is yours	"It's yours!" Long Island, the world is yours			"It's yours!" Staten Island, yea the world is yours		"It's yours!" South Bronx, the world is yours			"It's yours!" Aight *Pete Rock keeps cuttin and scratchin "It's yours!" to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Illmatic Song: Halftime Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Right..)	(Right..) Check me out y'all, Nasty Nas in your area About to cause mass hysteria [Nas] Before a blunt, I take out my fronts Then I start to front, matter of fact, I be on a manhunt You couldn't catch me in the streets without a ton of reefer That's like Malcolm X, catchin the Jungle Fever King poetic, too much flavor, I'm major Atlanta ain't Brave-r, I'll pull a number like a pager Cause I'm an ace when I face the bass 40-side is the place that is givin me grace Now wait, another dose and you might be dead And I'm a Nike head, I wear chains that excite the feds And ain't a damn thing gonna change I'ma performer strange, so the mic warmer was born to gain Nas, why did you do it? You know you got the mad fat fluid when you rhyme, it's halftime (Right..) It's halftime (Right..) Aiyyo it's halftime (Right..) It's halftime (Right..) Yeah, it's about halftime This is how it feel, check it out, how it feel [Nas] It's like that, you know it's like that I got it hemmed, now you never get the mic back When I attack, there ain't an army that could strike back So I react never calmly on a hype track I set it off with my own rhyme Cause I'm as ill as a convict who kills for phone time I'm max like cassettes, I flex like sex In ya, stereo sets, Nas'll catch wreck I used to hustle - now all I do is relax and strive When I was young I was a fan of the Jackson 5 I drop jewels, wear jewels, hope to never run it With more kicks than a baby in a mother's stomach Nasty Nas has to rise cause I'm wise This is exercise 'til the microphone dies Back in eighty-three I was an MC sparkin But I was too scared to grab the mics in the parks and kick my little raps cause I thought niggaz wouldn't understand And now in every jam I'm the fuckin man I rap in front of more niggaz than in the slave ships I used to watch "C.H.I.P.S." now I load glock clips I got to have it, I miss Mr. Magic Versatile, my style switches like a faggot But not bisexual, I'm an intellectual Of rap, I'm a professional and that's no question, yo These are the lyrics of the man, you can't near it, understand Cause in the streets, I'm well known like the number man Am I in place wit the bass and format Explore rap, and tell me Nas ain't all that And next time I rhyme, I be foul Whenever I freestyle I see trial niggaz say I'm wild I hate a rhymebiter's rhyme Stay tuned, Nas, soon the real rap comes at halftime (Right..) It's halftime (Right..) Exhale, check it it's halftime (Right..) It's halftime (Right..) It's real in the field Word life, check it [Nas] I got it goin on, even flip 'em on this song Every afternoon, I kick half the tune And in the darkness, I'm heartless like when the NARC's hit Word to Marcus Garvey I hardly sparked it Cause when I blast the herb, that's my word I be slayin them fast, doing this that and the third But chill, past to Andre, and let's slay I bag bitches up at John Jay, and hit a matinee Puttin hits on 5-0 Cause when it's my time to go, I wait for God wit the fo'-fo' And biters can't come near And yo, go to hell to the foul cop who shot Garcia I won't plant seeds, don't need an extra mouth I can't feed That's extra Phillie change, more cash for damp weed This goes out to Manhattan, the island of Staten Brooklyn and Queens is livin fat and The Boogie Down, enough props, enough clout Ill Will, rest in peace, yo, I'm out (Right..) It's still halftime (Right..) To the Queensbridge crew To the Queensbridge crew, you know it's halftime (Right..) Ninety-two, it's halftime (Right..) Yo police, police man, yo let's get ghost Halftime.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Illmatic Song: Memory Lane (Sittin' in Da Park) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	(Check that shit) 	Aight fuck that shit, word word 	Fuck that other shit, youknowhatI'msayin? 	We gon' do a little somethin like this, yaknahmsayin? 	(Is they up on this?) 	Keep it on and on and on and on and.. 	KnowhatI'msayin? Big Nas, Grand Wizard, God what it is? 	(What it is like?) Hah, knowhatI'msayin? 	Yo go 'head, do that shit nigga [Nas] I rap for listeners, blunt heads, fly ladies and prisoners Henessey holders and old school niggaz, then I be dissin a unofficial that smoke woolie thai I dropped out of Kooley High, gassed up by a cokehead cutie pie Jungle survivor, fuck who's the liver My man put the battery in my back, a differencem from Energizer Sentence begins indented.. with formality My duration's infinite, moneywise or physiology Poetry, that's a part of me, retardedly bop I drop the ancient manifested hip-hop, straight off the block I reminisce on park jams, my man was shot for his sheep coat Childhood lesson make me see him drop in my weed smoke It's real, grew up in trife life, did times or white lines The hype vice, murderous nighttimes, and knife fights invite crimes Chill on the block with Cog-nac, hold strap with my peeps that's into drug money, market into rap No sign of the beast in the blue Chrysler, I guess that means peace For niggaz no sheisty vice to just snipe ya Start off the dice-rollin mats for craps to cee-lo  With sidebets, I roll a deuce, nothin below (Peace God!) Peace God -- now the shit is explained I'm takin niggaz on a trip straight through memory lane It's like that y'all .. it's like that y'all .. it's like that y'all Chorus: repeat scratches 4X "Now let me take a trip down memory lane" -> BizMarkie 	"Comin outta Queensbridge" [Nas] One for the money Two for pussy and foreign cars Three for Alize niggaz deceased or behind bars I rap divine Gods check the prognosis, is it real or showbiz? My window faces shootouts, drug overdoses Live amongst no roses, only the drama, for real A nickel-plate is my fate, my medicine is the ganja Here's my basis, my razor embraces, many faces Your telephone blowin, black stitches or fat shoelaces Peoples are petrol, dramatic automatic fo'-fo' I let blow and back down po-po when I'm vexed so my pen taps the paper then my brain's blank I see dark streets, hustlin brothers who keep the same rank Pumpin for somethin, some uprise, plus some fail Judges hangin niggaz, uncorrect bails, for direct sales My intellect prevails from a hangin cross with nails I reinforce the frail, with lyrics that's real Word to Christ, a disciple of streets, trifle on beats I decifer prophecies through a mic and say peace. I hung around the older crews while they sling smack to dingbats They spoke of Fat Cat, that nigga's name made bell rings, black Some fiends scream, about Supreme Team, a Jamaica Queens thing Uptown was Alpo, son, heard he was kingpin, yo Fuck 'rap is real', watch the herbs stand still Never talkin to snakes cause the words of man kill True in the game, as long as blood is blue in my veins I pour my Heineken brew to my deceased crew on memory lane Chorus 	"Comin outta Queensbridge" -> scratched 	The most dangerous MC is.. 	"Comin outta Queensbridge" -> scratched 	The most dangerous MC is.. 	"Comin outta Queensbridge" -> scratched 	The most dangerous MC is.. 	"Comin outta Queensbridge" -> scratched 	The most dangerous MC is.. 	Me numba won, and you know where me from The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Illmatic Song: One Love Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse One] Whattup kid? I know shit is rough doing your bid When the cops came you shoulda slid to my crib Fuck it black, no time for looking back it's done Plus congratulations you know you got a son I heard he looks like you, why don't your lady write you? Told her she should visit, that's when she got hyper Flippin, talk about he acts too rough He didn't listen he be riffin' while I'm telling him stuff I was like yeah, shorty don't care, she a snake too Fucking with the niggaz from that fake crew that hate you But yo, guess who got shot in the dome-piece? Jerome's niece, on her way home from Jones Beach - it's bugged Plus little Rob is selling drugs on the dime Hangin out with young thugs that all carry 9's at night time there's more trife than ever Whattup with Cormega, did you see 'em, are y'all together? If so then hold the fort down, represent to the fullest Say whassup to Herb, Ice and Bullet I left a half a hundred in your commissary You was my nigga when push came to shove One what? one love [Verse Two] Dear Born, you'll be out soon, stay strong Out in New York the same shit is goin on the crack-heads stalking, loud-mouths is talking hold, check out the story yesterday when I was walking the nigga you shot last year tried to appear like he hurtin somethin word to mother, I heard him frontin and he be pumping on your block your man gave him your glock and now they run together, what up son, whatever since I'm on the streets I'ma put it to a cease but I heard you blew a nigga with a ox for the phone piece Whylin on the Island, but now with Elmira better chill cause them niggaz will put that ass on fire Last time you wrote you said they tried you in the showers but maintain when you come home the corner's ours On the reels, all these crab niggaz know the deal When we start the revolution all they probably do is squeal But chill, see you on the next V-I I gave your mom dukes loot for kicks, plus sent you flicks Your brother's buck whylin' in four maine he wrote me he might beat his case, 'til he come home I play it low key so stay civilised, time flies though incarcerated your mind [dies] I hate it when your mum cries it kinda wants to make me murder, for real-a I've even got a mask and gloves to bust slugs for one love [Verse Three] Sometimes I sit back with a buddha sack mind's in another world thinking how can we exist through the facts written in school text books, bibles, et cetera Fuck a school lecture, the lies get me vexed-er So I be ghost from my projects I take my pen and pad for the week and hittin L's while I'm sleepin A two day stay, you may say I need the time alone to relax my dome, no phone, left the 9 at home You see the streets have me stressed somethin terrible Fuckin with the corners have a nigga up in Bellevue or h.d.m., hit with numbers from 8 to 10 a future in a maximum state pen is grim So I comes back home, nobody's out but shorty doo-wop Rollin two phillies together in the Bridge we called 'em oowops He said, "Nas, niggaz could be bustin' off the roof so I wear a bullet proof and pack a black tres-deuce" He inhaled so deep, shut his eyes like he was sleep Started coughing one eye peeked to watch me speak I sat back like the mack, my army suit was black We was chillin' on these bitches where he pumped his loose cracks I took an l when he passed it, this little bastard keeps me blasted he starts talkin mad shit I had to school him, told him don't let niggaz fool him cause when the pistol blow the ones that's murdered be the cool one Tough luck when niggaz are struck, families fucked up Could've cought your man, but didn't look when you bucked up Mistakes happen, so take heed never bust up at the crowd catch him solo, make the right man bleed Shorty's laugh was cold blooded as he spoke so foul Only twelve trying to tell me that he liked my style Then I rose, wiping the blunts ash from my clothes then froze only to blow the herb smoke through my nose and told my little man that i'm a go cyprose there's some jewels in the skull that he can sell if he chose words of wisdom from nas try to rise up above keep an eye out for jake shorty what one love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Large Professor Album: Illmatic Song: One Time 4 For Your Mind Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Nas and Large Professor Yeah, it's Illmatic (yeah) It's Illmatic (yeah!) It's Illmatic, huh (yeah kick that shit) [LP] One time 4 your mind, one time [Nas] Yeah whatever [LP] One time 4 your mind, one time [Nas] Yo whatever [LP] One time 4 your mind, one time   Aiyyo Nas (whattup Paul) kick that fuckin rhyme Verse One: Nas Check it out When I'm chillin, I grab the buddha, get my crew to buy beers And watch a flick, illin and root for the villian, huh Plus every morning, I go out and love it sort of chilly Then I send a shorty from my block to the store for Phillies After being blessed by the herb's essence I'm back to my rest, ten minutes some odd seconds That's where I got the honey at, spends the night for sexing Cheap lubrication, Lifestyle protection Picking up my stereo's remote control quickly Ron G's in the cassette deck, rockin the shit, G I try to stay mellow, rock, well acapella rhymes'll make me richer than a slipper made Cinderella fella Go get your crew, Hobbes, I'm prepared to bomb troops Got niggaz who's born, I shot my way out my Mom Dukes When I was ten, I was a hip-hoppin shorty wop Known for rocking microphones and twisting off a 40 top, yeah Chorus: Nas and Large Professor [LP] One time 4 your mind, one time [Nas] Yeah whatever [LP] One time 4 your mind, one time [Nas] It sound clever [LP] Hey yo Nas, fuck that, man that shit was fat   But kick that for them gangstas man, fuck all that Verse Two: Nas Right, right, what up niggaz, how y'all, it's Nasty the villian I'm still writin rhymes but besides that I'm chillin I'm trying to get this money, God, you know the hard times, kid Shit, cold be starvin make you wanna do crimes kid But I'ma lamp, cuz a crime couldn't beat a rhyme Niggaz catching 3 to 9's, Muslims yelling free the mind And I'm from Queensbridge, been to many places as a kid when I would say that out of town, niggaz chased us But now I know the time, got a older mind Plus control a nine, fine, see now I represent mine I'm new on the rap scene, brothers never heard of me Yet I'm a meance, yo, police wanna murder me Heine(ken) Dark drinker, represent the thinker My pen rides the paper, it even has blinkers Think I'll dim the lights then inhale, it stimulates Floating like I'm on the North 95 Interstate Never plan to stop, when I write my hand is hot And expand alot from the Wiz to Camelot The parlayer, I'll make ya heads bop Pah I shine a light on perpetrators like a cop's car From day to night, I play the mic and you'll thank God I wreck shit so much, the microphone'll need a paint job My brain is incarcerated Live at any jam, I couldn't count all the parks I raided I hold a Mac-11, and attack the Reverand I contact 11 L's and max in heaven Outro: Nas, Large Professor, and ? [LP] Yo, one time 4 your mind, one time [?] It sound clever [LP] But one time 4 your mind, one time [Nas] Yeah whatever [LP] One time 4 your mind, one time [Nas] Yo, from ninety-two to ninety-nine [?] Yeah that shit was greasy fat Paul, knowhatI'msayin?   But check it, you gotta another verse for me   I want you to kick it, youknowhatI'msayin?   Kick that shit from the projects... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Illmatic Song: Represent Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Represent, represent!! (repeat 4X) Straight up shit is real and any day could be your last in the jungle Get murdered on the humble, guns'll blast, niggaz tumble The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals who don't care, guzzlin beers, we all stare at the out-of-towners (Ay, yo, yo, who that?) They better break North before we get the four pounders, and take their face off The streets is filled with undercovers, homicide chasin brothers The D.A.'s on the roof, tryin to, watch us and knock us And killer coppers, even come through in helicopters I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a Glock for the fronters, wannabe ill niggaz and spot runners Thinkin it can't happen til I, trap em and clap em and leave em done, won't even run about Gods I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards Nas is a rebel of the street corner Pullin a Tec out the dresser, police got me under pressure Represent, represent!! (repeat 4X) Yo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella Moet drinkin, marijuana smokin street dweller who's always on the corner, rollin up blessed When I dress, it's never nuttin less than Guess Cold be walkin with a bop and my hat turned back Love committin sins and my friends sell crack This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one cause life ain't shit but stress fake niggaz and crab stunts So I guzzle my Hennesey while pullin on mad blunts The brutalizer, crew de-sizer, accelerator The type of nigga who be pissin in your elevator Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames Now I'm into fat chains, sex and Tecs Fly new chicKs and new kicks, Heine's and Beck's Represent, represent!! (repeat 3X) No doubt; see my, stacks are fat, this is what it's about Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan Around the time when Shante dissed the Real Roxxane I used to wake up every mornin, see my crew on the block Every day's a different plan that had us runnin from cops If it wasn't hangin out in front of cocaine spots We was at the candy factory, breakin the locks Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man Fuck a yard God, let me see a hundred grand Could use a gun Son, but fuck bein the wanted man but if I hit rock bottom then I'ma be the Son of Sam Then call the crew to get live too with Swoop, Hakim, my brother Jungle, Big Bo, cooks up the blow Mike'll chop it, Mayo, you count the profit My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs Nuff respect to the projects, I'm ghost, One Love Represent y'all, represent!! (repeat 4X) One time for your motherfuckin mind This goes out to everybody in New York that's livin the real fuckin life And every projects, all over To my man, Big Will he's still here *echoes* The 40 side of Vernon My man Big L.E.S. Big Cee-Lo from the Don Shawn Penn, the 40 busters My crew the shorty busters The 41st side of Vernon posse The Goodfellas My man Cormega, Lakid Kid Can't forget Drawers, the Hillbillies My man Slate, Wallethead Black Jay, Big Oogi Crazy barrio spot (Big Dove) We rock shit, Ph.D And my man Primo, from GangStarr (Ninety-four real shit y'all, Harry O!) Fuck y'all crab ass niggaz though... (Yeah, bitch ass niggas! *etc.*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Illmatic Song: It Ain't Hard to Tell Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It ain't hard to tell, I excel, then prevail The mic is contacted, I attract clientele My mic check is life or death, breathin a sniper's breath I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps Deep like The Shinin', sparkle like a diamond Sneak a uzi on the island in my army jacket linin Hit the Earth like a comet, invasion Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian, half-man, half-amazin Cause in my physical, I can express through song Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong I drank Moet with Medusa, give her shotguns in hell From the spliff that I lift and inhale, it ain't hard to tell The buddha monk's in your trunk, turn the bass up Not stories by Aesop, place your loot up, parties I shoot up Nas, I analyze, drop a jew-el, inhale from the L School a fool well, you feel it like braille It ain't hard to tell, I kick a skill like Shaquille holds a pill Vocabulary spills I'm +Ill+ plus +Matic+, I freak beats slam it like Iron Shiek Jam like a tech with correct techniques So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me Scannin while you're plannin ways to sabotage me I leave em froze like her-on in your nose Nas'll rock well, it ain't hard to tell This rhythmatic explosion, is what your frame of mind has chosen I'll leave your brain stimulated, niggaz is frozen Speak with criminal slang, begin like a violin End like Leviathan, it's deep well let me try again Wisdom be leakin out my grapefruit troop I dominate break loops, givin mics men-e-straul cycles Street's disciple, I rock beats that's mega trifle And groovy but smoother than moves by Villanova You're still a soldier, I'm like Sly Stone in Cobra Packin like a rasta in the weed spot Vocals'll squeeze glocks, MC's eavesdrop Though they need not to sneak My poetry's deep, I never fell Nas's raps should be locked in a cell It ain't hard to tell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: Album Intro Typed by: OHHLA.com *Yee-hah's and whips cracking in background* -Hey Nas, hey hey boy, you see what they done did to Jimmy and Lee. Nas:Mmmhmm. Damn, man. -I can't take it man. Nas:Sho' can't. -You think this is gonna eva' change? Nas:Man, damn this place, man! Damn these chains! These damn chitlins every damn night.  -This cotton. Nas:Shit! -I can't take it man. Nas:Harriett done left the night befo'. It's time we go.  Aint no place for black folk here. Man, promise land callin' me man. -It's callin' me too. Nas:It's time we go. -Yeah, I'm wichou! Nas:Hey man, hey damn these chains, man. Damn you master, you ain't my master, man!  *Sounds of punching and bumping* Nas:You aint nothin', you aint nothin. -Hey Bandit, Bandit, get the dogs! Get the hounds, we gonna have ourselves a hangin' tonight! Nas:Nineteen-ninety-six! Back up in this nigga. The right way, though, you know?  -Double-tre son, you know aint nothin' coincedental or accidental, son. Nas:No doubt! -You know how it's goin' down, man. Nas:It was all written. -No question, I'm sayin' man, I mean, how we playin' man, you know what I'm sayin', they dealt us in, son. They playin' with a fifty-four deck, you see with the Jokers in and everything, you know what I'm saying? Nas:Son, I'm playin' with the fifty-two. -You wanna stress on how I used to play, that's how I play. Nas:But, yo, they takin' us into this next millenium, right now. -I'm sayin' law, you know what I'm sayin' we gotta lay the law, cause without law aint no order, you know what I'm sayin',  that's why these cats are slippin' through, you know what I'm sayin? They got the rules missin', though. Nas:True. -Yo, word up, though, you know what I mean? Nas:Son, these niggas look faker than the new hundred dollars, son. -Yeah, you see that they look Monopoly money, right? Nas:Word, with the big ass face on it. -Yo, what I'm sayin', we see through all that, though you know what I'm sayin? Nas:No question. -All eyes seein', son, you know we real. Nas:Yo, no doubt. In the Qu'ran it says Nas, the men. Nesa's the woman, know? It was written. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: The Message Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Fake thug, no love, you get the slug, CB4 Gusto Your luck low, I didn't know til I was drunk though You freak niggaz played out, get fucked and ate out Prostitute turned bitch, I got the gauge out 96 ways I made out, Montana way The Good-F-E-L-L-A, verbal AK spray Dipped attache, jumped out the Range, empty out the ashtray A glass of 'ze make a man Cassius Clay Red dot plots, murder schemes, thirty-two shotguns Regulate wit my Dunn's, 17 rocks gleam from one ring Yo let me let y'all niggaz know one thing There's one life, one love, so there can only be one King The highlights of livin, Vegas style roll dice in linen Antera spinnin on Milleniums, twenty G bets I'm winnin them Threats I'm sendin them, Lex with TV sets the minimum Ill sex adrenaline Party with villians, a case of Demi-Sec to chase the Henny Wet any clique, with the semi-tech who want it Diamonds I flaunt it, chickenheads flock I lace em Fried broiled with basil, taste em, crack the legs way out of formation, it's horizontal how I have em fuckin me in the Benz wagon Can it be Vanity from Last Dragon Grab your gun it's on though Shit is grimy, real niggaz buck in broad daylight with the broke Mac it won't spray right Don't give a fuck who they hit, as long as the drama's lit Yo, overnight thugs, bug cause they ain't promised shit Hungry-ass hooligans stay on that piranha shit Chorus: samples from "New York State of Mind" (repeat 4X) "I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death" -> Nas "I ain't the type of brother made for you to start testin" -> Nas [Nas] I peeped you frontin, I was in the Jeep Sunk in the seat, tinted with heat, beats bumpin Across the streat you was wildin Talkin bout how you ran the Island in eighty-nine Layin up, playin the yard with crazy shine I cocked a baby 9 that nigga grave be mine, clanked him What was he thinkin on my corner when it's pay me time Dug em you owe me cousin somethin told me plug him So dumb, felt my leg burn, then it got numb Spun around and shot one, heard shots and dropped son Caught a hot one, somebody take this biscuit 'fore the cops come Then they came askin me my name, what the fuck I got stitched up and went through Left the hospital that same night, what Got my gat back, time to backtrack I had to drop so how the fuck I get clapped Black was in the Jeep watchin all these scenes speed by It was a brown Datsun, and yo nobody in my hood got one That clown nigga's through, blazin at his crew daily The 'Bridge touched me up severely hear me? So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours Be lightin L's sippin Coors, on all floors in project halls Contemplatin war niggaz I was cool with before We used to score together, Uptown coppin the raw But uhh, a thug changes, and love changes and best friends become strangers, word up Chorus: first from "New York State of Mind", then "Halftime" (repeat 4X) "Y'all know my steelo" -> Nas "There ain't an army that could strike back" -> Nas [Nas] Thug niggaz Yo, to them thug niggaz gettin it on in the world you know? To them niggaz that's locked down doin they thing survivin yaknowmsayin? To my thorough niggaz, New York and world wide Yo to the Queensbridge Militia 9-6 shit.. The Firm clique, Illmatic nigga It Was Written though It's been a long time comin Y'all fake niggaz, tryin to copy better come with the real though Fake ass niggaz yo.. (They throw us slugs we throwin em back, what?) Bring the shit man, live man (Fuck that son) Nine-six shit.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: Street Dreams Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, what, what, uhh.. Chorus: Nas (set to Eurythmics "Sweet Dreams") Street dreams are made of these Niggaz push Beemers and 300 E's A drug dealer's destiny is reachin a key Everybody's lookin for somethin.. Street dreams are made of these Shorties on they knees, for niggaz with big G's Who am I to disagree? Everybody's lookin for somethin.. [Nas] My man put me up for the share, one-fourth of a square Headed for Delaware, with one change of gear Nothin on my mind but the dime sack we blazed with the glaze in my eye, that we find when we crave dollars and cents, a fugitive with two attempts Jakes had no trace of the face, now they drew a print Though I'm innocent, til proven guilty I'ma try to filthy, purchase a club and start up realty For real G, I'ma fullfill my dream If I conceal my scheme, then precisely I'll build my cream the first trip without the clique Sent the bitch with the quarter brick, this is it Fresh face, NY plates got a Crooked I for the Jakes I want it all, ArmorAll Benz and endless papes God sake, what nigga got to do to make a half million without the FBI catchin feelings Chorus [Nas] From fat cat to papi, niggaz see the cat Twenty-five to flat, push a thousand feet back Holdin gats wasn't making me fat, snitches on my back Livin with moms, gettin it on, flushin crack down the toilet Two sips from bein alcoholic Nine hundred ninety nine thou from bein rich but now I'm all for it My man saw it like Dionne Warwick A wiser team, for a wiser dream we could all score with The cartel Argentina coke with the nina  Up in the hotel, smokin on sessamina Trina got the fishscale between her The way the bitch shook her ass yo the dogs never seen her She got me back livin sweeter, fresh Caesar Guess, David Robinson's, Walle' moccasins Bitches blow me while hoppin in the drop-top BM Word is bond son, I had that bitch down on my shit like this Chorus [Nas] Growin up project-struck, lookin for luck dreamin Scopin the large niggaz beamin, check what I'm seein Cars, ghetto stars pushin ill Europeans G'n, heard about them old timers OD'n Young, early 80's, throwin rocks at the crazy lady Worshippin every word them rope rockin niggaz gave me The street raised me up, givin a fuck I thought Jordan's and a gold chain was livin it up I knew the dopes, the pushers, the addicts everybody Cut out of class, just to smoke blunts and drink naughty Ain't that funny? Gettin put on to crack money With all the gunplay, paintin the kettle black hungry A case of beers in the staircase I wasted years Some niggaz went for theirs, flippin coke as they career But I'm a rebel stressin, to pull out of the heat no doubt With Jeeps tinted out, spendin never holdin out Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: I Gave You Power Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Damn! Look how muh-fuckers use a nigga Just use me for whatever the fuck they want I don't get to say shit Just grab me, just do what the fuck they want Sell me, throw me away Niggaz just don't give a fuck about a nigga like me right? Like I'm a f... I'm a gun, shit It's like I'm a motherfuckin gun I can't believe this shit.... Word up.. (word up..) I seen some cold nights and bloody days They grab and me bullets spray They use me wrong so I sing this song 'til this day My body is cold steel for real I was made to kill, that's why they keep me concealed Under car seats they sneak me in clubs Been in the hands of mad thugs They feed me when they load me with mad slugs Seventeen precisely, one in my head They call me Desert Eagle, semi-auto with lead I'm seven inches four pounds, been through so many towns Ohio to Little Rock to Canarsie, livin harshly Beat up and battered, they pull me out I watch as niggaz scattered, makin me kill But what I feel it never mattered When I'm empty I'm quiet, findin myself fiendin to be fired A broken safety, niggaz place me in shelves under beds, so I beg for my next owner to be a thoroughbred Keep me full up with hollow heads Chorus: Nas (repeat 2X) How you like me now? I go blaow It's that shit that moves crowds makin every ghetto foul I might have took your first child Scarred your life, crippled your style I gave you power I made you buck wild [Nas] Always I'm in some shit, my abdomen is the clip The barrel is my dick, uncircumcised Pull my skin back and cock me, I bust off when they unlock me Results of what happens to niggaz shock me I see niggaz bleedin runnin from me in fear, stunningly tears fall down the eyes of these so-called tough guys, for years I've been used in robberies, givin niggaz heart to follow me Placin peoples in graves, funerals made cause I was sprayed I was laid in a shelf, with a grenade Met a wrecked-up tech with numbers on his chest that say  Five-two-oh-nine-three-eight-five and zero Had a serial defaced, hopin one day, police would place where he came from, a name or some sort of person to claim him Tired of murderin, made him wanna be a plain gun But yo I had some other plans, like the next time the beef is on I make myself jam right in my owner's hand Chorus [Nas] Yo, weeks went by and I'm surprised Still stuck in the shelf with all the things that an outlaw hides Besides me it's bullets, two vests and then a nine There's a grenade in a box, and that tech that kept cryin Cause he ain't been cleaned in a year, he's rusty as clear He's bout to fall to pieces, cause of his murder career Yo, I can hear somebody comin in, open the shelf His eyes bubblin, he said, "It was on" I felt his palm troubled him shakin Somebody stomped him out, his dome was achin He placed me on his waist, the moment I've been waitin My creation was for blacks to kill blacks It's gats like me that accidentally, go off, makin niggaz memories But this time, it's done intentionally He walked me outside, saw this cat Cocked me back, said, "Remember me?" He pulled the trigger but I held on, it felt wrong Knowing niggaz is waiting in hell for 'im He squeezed harder, I didn't budge, sick of the blood Sick of the thugs, sick of wrath of the, next man's grudge What the other kid did was pull out, no doubt A newer me in better shape, before he lit out, he lead the chase My owner fell to the floor, his wig split so fast I didn't know he was hit, it's over with Heard mad niggaz screamin, niggaz runnin, cops is comin Now I'm happy, until I felt somebody else grab me Damn! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Foxy Brown Album: It Was Written Song: Watch Dem Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash  [Nas] They never realized, how real Nas, is so decisive It's just the likeness, of Isrealites mist, that made me write this A slight twist, of lime rhyme, be chasin down your prime time Food for thought or rather mind wine The Don Juan, features the freak shit, my thesis on how we creep quick, fuckin your wife that ain't so secret It's mandatory - see that pussy, they hand it to me I got no game, it's just some bitches understand my story There ain't no drama that my niggaz never handle for me My gator brand is Maurry, walkin through rough land before me where the snakes put a smile on they face, hopin and prayin I'm stuck Scopin they lay in the cut, weighin my luck Player haters play this in cell blocks and rock stages Winkin at some females cops with cocked gauges Really it's papers I'm addicted to, wasn't for rap then I'll be stickin you The mag inside the triple goose Face down on the floors, the routine Don't want hear nobody blow steam, just cream or it's a smoke screen Imagine that - that's why I hardly kick the braggin raps I zone, to each his own and this ghetto inhabitant Chorus: Nas and Foxy Brown (repeat 2X) Watch dem niggas that be close to you And make sure they do what they supposed to do Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways [Nas] Now how can I perfect this (uhh, what) livin reckless, die for my necklace Crime infected, drivin a Lexus with a death wish Jettin, checkin my message on the speaker Boppin to Mona Lisa brown reefer, ten G's, gun and my Visa CD crankin, doin ninety on the Franklin-D-Roosevelt No seat belt, drinkin and thinkin My man caught a bad one son, niggaz is frightened Secret indictments, adds on to one seekin enlightment My Movado says seven, the God hour, that's if you follow traditions started by the school not far from the Apollo My "Fuck Tommorrow" motto through the eyes of Pablo Escobar the desperado - word to Cus D'Amato Chorus: Nas and Foxy Brown Got to watch dem niggas that's close to you And make sure they do what they supposed to do Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways Watch dem niggas that's close to you And make sure they do what they supposed to do Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways [Nas] Some niggaz watch you (uh) see you when you think on the low Ain't hard to spot you, you swore to keep it real after you blow Three ki's, new V's, went to Anguilla with your hoe Stayed around the hood, smoothest cat, gettin the dough Them old timers, advise you to them problems that's ahead Drama with the Feds, not listenin just bobbin your head Your Roley shinin, thinkin to yourself nobody's takin mine At the same time, your hoe is gettin snatched from behind Put in the van, where's the hundred grand, script in her hand From all the ice, wouldn't you know - - you knew these niggaz all your life What made them mark you victim, you fucked up somehwere down the line now they had to target your Wisdom She took em to your place, straight to your safe You doubted it could happen sick of yappin Dump in your ride, headed to your side Puffin ganja get to your crib, can't find her Just a reminder shit and have your stash house where you crash out Coulda passed out, your coke was gone, now you assed out Dead bitches tell no lies, you should use your eyes Chorus: Nas and Foxy Brown Got to watch dem niggas that's close to you (uhh) And make sure they do what they supposed to do (what, hah) Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you (mmm) Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways Watch dem niggas that's close to you (uhh) And make sure they do what they supposed to do Cause you know they be thinkin about smokin you (uh-huh) Never personal, nowadays, it's the ways (uhh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: Take it in Blood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that" (repeat 2X) 	--> Kool Keith from the Ultramagnetic MC's 'Ease Back' [Nas] Yo; I never brag, how real I keep it, cause it's the best secret I rock a vest, prestigious, Cuban link flooded Jesus in a Lex watchin Kathie Lee and Regis My actions are one with the seasons A tec squeezin - executioner, winter time I rock a fur Mega popular, center of attraction Climaxin, my bitches they be laughin They high from sniffin coke off a twenty-cent Andrew Jackson City lights spark a New York night Rossi and Martini sippin, Sergio Tachinni flippin mad pies low price, I blow dice and throw em Forty-five by my scrotum, manifest the "Do or Die" slogan My niggaz roll in ten M3's Twenty Gods poppin wheelies on Kawasaki's Hip-Hop's got me on some ol', sprayin shots like a drumroll Blankin out and never miscount the shells my gun hold I don't stunt, I regulate Henny and Sprite, I seperate, watchin crab niggaz marinate I'm all about tecs and good jooks and sex Israelite books, holdin government names from Ness MC's are crawlin out, every hole in the slum You be aight like blood money in a pimp's cum "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that" "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that.. .. for, you wack MC's" [Nas] Currency is made in trust of the Messiah I'm spending it to get higher Earth, Wind, and Fire singing reasons why I'm up early, trustworthy is a nine that bust early Sunshine on my grill, I spill Remi on imaginary graves, put my hat on my waves Latter Day Saints say religious praise I dolo, challenge any team or solo You must be buggin out, new to my shit, home on a furlough Ask around, who's laid up, sharp and straight up Mafioso, gettin niggaz wigs sprayed up Skies are misty, my life's predicted by a gypsy I'll one day walk into shots drunk off champange from Sicily This be the drama, I'ma pause like a comma in a sentence, paragraph's indented Bloodshot red eyes, high, yellow envelopes of lye Openin cigars, let tobacco fly Condos are tuneproof, we're looking out the sky's moonroof Shittin like gin and prune juice Yo the system wants the coon's noose, hang em high Courtrooms filled up, it's off the hook while I just wrote a statement, like I'm facing twenty years in the basement - chilling on the via with Mumia for wearin chrome - I told the judge snakes slither  like Sharon Stone, but like Capone I'm thrown (yo) "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that" "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that.. .. for, you wack MC's" "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that" "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that.. .. for, you wack MC's" [Nas] Lyrical, ly-lyrical mission.. Lyrical.. Yo the time is wastin, I use the mind elevation Dime sack lacin, court pen pacin Individual, lyrical math abrasion Psychic evaluation, the foulest nation We livin in, dangerous lives, mad leak and battered wives A lifestyle where bad streets is patternized Wise men build and destroy While the real McCoy dopefiend, named Detroit is still dealin boy Coke suppliers actin biased Cause rumors say that niggaz wear wires and we liars But every night the gat's fired, and every day a rat's hired I still remain the mack flyest in the phat Kani, it's -- -- just the killer in me, slash drug dealer MC Ex-slug filler, semi mug peeler Demi, bottles of Mo', yo simply follow me flow Put poetry inside a crack pot and blow rough holes for cracked out pussies and buttholes Bring the G's and the D's roll, they can't touch those Why shoot the breeze about it, when you could be about it?  My degrees are routed, toward the peasy haired brick houses instead of the fake medallions Rich niggaz transport in thousands Foreign cash exchange amountin to millions Doors is locked, rocks is chopped, watch the cameras in the ceilings Trick bitches catching mad feelings Peelin off in the Lex Jeep, techniques is four-wheelin I bet it be some shit when we connect with Stretch When we catch them sex niggaz with the tecs you blessed, word So now it's on, never wasted a slug, Time is money when it comes to mine, take it in blood "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that" "I made it like that, I bought it like that, I'm livin like that.. .. for, you wack MC's" (repeat in background to fade) Yeah, Capone-N-Noreaga Yeah, yo, offical Queensbridge murderers Mobb Deep keep it real though Motherfuckin AZ yo 'Mega, 'Mega, whatever Scarlett O'Hara Yo, Fox Boogie East New York Gambo, Brownsville Wizard, Far Rockaway Big Jersey Connecticut, D.C., Sudan V.A. ?? N.C., L.A. So on and so on... Big Ha, Houston Fifth Ward Black Ed, keep it real Moe.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Dr. Dre Album: It Was Written Song: Nas is Coming Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Motherfuckin Dre! [Dre] AHHHHHHH! [Nas] Whassup my nigga? [Dre] Sup NAS? [Nas] Chillin God [Dre] Niggaz is up in here hittin some of this CHRONIC nigga [Nas] Yeah and this chocolate over here   They mixed this shit up [Dre] Nigga hit some of this shit nigga [Nas] Yeah, lemme get that   I'm tired of these niggaz, niggaz stealin beats   And niggaz is stealin, your whole techniques and shit   Niggaz wanna take everything from a nigga man [Dre] Yeah yeah yo Nas it's like this man   ("Nas is coming..")   Niggaz can't do it like I do it, d'yaknahmsayin?   Just like niggaz can't do what you do   ("Nas is coming..") [Nas] Right, right [Dre] You know, can't nobody fuck with this   ("Nas is coming..")   You know all these niggaz out here just..   ("Nas is coming..")   talkin this East coast West coast bullshit   Niggaz need to kill that shit   ("Nas is coming..")   and make some money, y'know? [Nas] WORD!   ("Nas is coming..") [Dre] Fuck it [Nas] What is it, what is it God?   ("Nas is coming..") [Dre] Let's get together, make some fuckin music [Nas] Right, that's what I'm sayin, that's what I'm sayin [Dre] and get PAID, and just.. let that be it   ("Nas is coming..")   All these niggaz talkin all this bullshit   ("Nas is coming..")   better sit back, and watch what happens   ("Nas is coming..") [Nas] The Golden Child chop that ass up, you was holdin out Let the streets be the court - and corners hold the trial Fatal not fictitious I rock the cable 86 shit, foreign cars young with crazy bitches Mad smoke makes me able to quote Solicitin, ill editions of that Murder I WRote A provocative plan, can bring a knot to my hand As the pyramids that stand on top of the sand In the heat of the moment, like Farrakhan said, we need atonement Bulletproof glass, S-classes, chrome kitted up Calicones lit it up I didn't get touched checking my nuts, I stood up and lit a Dutch Clutchin gats quick to bust But knowin how these niggaz tattle I sneak move get the drop, one shot, without the gun battle So when you run the lead travel I come through it's taboo Ninety-six ways made to clap you [Chorus - unknown singers] Nas is comin, Nas is comin Nas is comin.. (Nasty Nas is comin) Nas is comin Nas is comin, Nas is comin Nas is comin.. (Nasty Nas is comin) Nas is comin [Nas] In the black limo, Jack Daniels through the cracked window I spot the fake, red dot his face, like a Hindu Snatched the symbol, tied his hands too Make examples, substantial amounts you owe, to the fam Crew, Firm affliation, paper chasin Chips glossy, rich Pablo Escabano Sophisticado, Blazin hollows like Saddles Rap apostle, nacho cheese, I'm Castro compared to these niggaz who swear to be real but impostors to Hoffa, Nas plague kills Countin bills to send to all my jail niggaz who fell From New York to L.A., Q.B. to C.P.T. for G.P. A hundred G cars, Garcia Vegas cigars Kani shit, mad jiggy The clout, murder material serial scratched out My name's passed out like it's somethin venereal but back in stereo [Nas] From childbirth to hearses, flow like the Nile cover surface I bit the fruit from the Serpent Apocalyptic, get bent, stay splifted Control the rap game you got it twisted Dr. Dre way the 'Bridge say, shake dice and kiss it Sip Crist', push the six with biscuit Jeep full of chickens, pull up beside, have a listen y'all, Nas y'all Fly gangsta, wavy hair teeth chipped in My shit bump, in the courtroom drunk, links truck rocky bracelet, cognac kernel never chase it Rap hero, black DeNiro Federal Bureau, tapped my line and got zero Rap pro, diamond roll, hustlin low - pro-file, white gold style, rakin bloody dough by the pile Shot down, still alive he strugglin for the phone Fo'-fo' blow him, when homicide comes, these three words are sung [Chorus] - 2X [Dr. Dre] Check this out It's Nasty Nas, and Dr. Dre Hahaha, East meets West That's how we makin it happen That's how it goes down for the nine-six Aiyyo Nas let's get this money Let's get paid Sit back and watch all these motherfuckin clowns out here riffin and beefin about this BULLSHIT Yo, heh While they doin all that we just gon' kick back with these honies, this Cristal Hah, and party to the year 2G [Dre - speaking over chorus] Hehehe, that's right, that's right Yeah, Nasty Nas, Dr. Dre Makin it happen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ AZ, Foxy Brown, and Cormega (The Firm) Album: It Was Written Song: Affirmative Action Typed by: ginocraka@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: AZ This is what... this what they want huh? This is what it's all about.. What? Time to take Affirmative Action son They just don't understand, youknowImean? Niggaz comin sideways thinkin stuff is sweet man Yknahmean? Niggaz don't understand the four devils: Lust.. Envy.. Hate.. Jealousy Wicked niggaz man [AZ the Visualiza] Yo, sit back relax catchin contacts, sip your cog-nac And let's all wash this money through this laundry mat Sneak attack, a new cat sit back, worth top dollar In fact, touch mines, and I'll react like a Rottweiler Who pull the late, we play for high stakes at gunpoint Catch em and break, undress em tie em with tape, no escape The Corleone, fettucini Capone Roam in your own zone or get kidnapped and clapped in your dome We got it sewn, The Firm art of war is unknown Lower your tone, face it, homicide cases get blown Aristocrats, politickin daily with diplomats See me I'm an official mack, Lex Coupe triple black [Cormega] Criminal thoughts in the blue Porsche, my destiny's to be the new boss That nigga Paulie gotta die - he too soft That nigga's dead on, a key of her-oin, they found his head on the couch with his dick in his mouth, I put the hit out Yo, the smoothest killer since Bugsy, bitches love me And Queens where my drugs be, I wear Guess jeans and rugbies Yo my people from Medina they will see you when you re-up on your heater all your cream go betweeen us Real shit, my Desert Eagle got a ill grip I chill with, niggaz that hit Dominican spots and steal bricks My red beam, made a dread scream, and sprayed a Fed team Corleone be turnin niggaz to fiends Yukons and ninja black Lexus, 'Mega the pretty boy with mafia connections it's The Firm nigga set it [Nas] Yo, my mind is seein through your design like blind fury I shine jewelry sippin on crushed grapes, we lust papes and push cakes inside the casket at Just wake It's sickenin, he just finished biddin upstate And now the projects, is talkin that somebody gotta die shit It's logic, as long as it's nobody that's in my clique My man Smoke, know how to expand coke, and Mr. Coffee Feds cost me two mill' to get the system off me "Life's a Bitch," but God-forbid the bitch divorce me I'll be flooded with ice so hellfire can't scorch me Cuban cigars meetin Foxy at Demars Movin cars, your top papi Senor Escobar [Foxy Brown] In the black Camaro Firm deep all my niggaz hail the blackest sparrow Wallabee's be the apparel Through the darkest tunnel, I got visions of multimillions in the biggest bundle, in the Lex pushed by my nigga Jungle He money bags got Moet, Sean Don Bundle of sixty-two, they ain't got a clue what we about to do My whole team we shittin hard like Czar Sosa, Foxy Brown, Cormega, and Escobar I keep a fat marquis piece, laced in all the illest snake skin Armani sweaters Carolina Hebrera Be The Firm baby, from BK to the 'Bridge My nigga Wiz, operation Firm Biz, so what the deal is I keep a phat jew-el, sippin Crist-ies Sittin on top of fifty grand in the Nautica Van, uhh! We stay incogni' like all them thug niggaz in Marcy The Gods, they praise Allah with visions of Gandhi Bet it on, my whole crew is Don Juan On Cayman Island with a case of Cristal and Papa Chula spoke Nigga with them Cubans that snort coke Raw though, an ounce mixed wit leak that's pure though Flippin the bigger picture, the bigger nigga with the cheddar Was mad dripper, he had a fuckin villa in Manilla We got to flee to Panama, but wait it's half and half Keys is one and two-fifth, so how we flip Thirty-two grams raw, chop it in half, get sixteen, double it times three We got forty-eight, which mean a whole lot of cream Divide the profit by four, subtract it by eight We back to sixteen, now add the other two that 'Mega bringin through So let's see, if we flip this other key Then that's more for me, mad coke and mad leak Plus a five hundred, cut in half is two-fifty Now triple that times three, we got three quarters of another ki The Firm baby, volume one uhh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Havoc Album: It Was Written Song: The Set Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Uhh.. (yeah, yeah, yeah) Q.B. since 1933 (know dat) To nine-six (nine-six motherfucker) Check the shit [Havoc] Nine-six Escobar 600 [Nas] Check the shit My mindset, son got wet, I'm vexed really They snatched off his Rolex, smacked his bitch silly Why niggaz actin illy word to Will he bout to feel it I feel it, he shoulda been dealt wit it Them niggaz sour, they put to much flour in they coke And got the nerve to wonder WHY THEY BROKE While we was gleamin, niggaz was scheamin Seen the ill Beamers beamin Triple-beam and doublin cream, had em feenin to get they fingers on the dosa, I called Sosa Sosa, these niggaz hit the God, bring the toaster Meet me in the 'Bridge I'm bout to go loca Left my 'rat beggin me to stay and stroke her He came through with two fly bitches, Venus and Vicious wit two macs inside the Volvo, what up God, I'm still sober I need some Henn' to bend me over My nigga Hav got a soldier It's gettin down it's goin down kid (I got this, I got this) I heard he might not live, I'm holdin back tears Told these broads, to put it in gear  with two females that don't smile diggin they style yo Whattup son, these niggaz done started somethin wild You know the clique well, Ramel with the gold in his grill Tried to get a name holdin the steel, I paid attention to the females Maintain bitches when it get real Sos' pulled me close and told me the deal He said both hoes'll peel, spray shots and reload and still handle the wheel, point em out smoke a Phil' then chill I layed back Escobar status, knowin The Firm got it cornered We on it, shit we was born wit Chorus: Havoc Spark the lye, Q.B.C. yo it's do or die In this, business and trifeness I finesse this, for R.D., we chef shit Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit dangerous sons, step back let the tech lift Lift you up, bless you wit a shorty then we set you up Spark the lye, Q.B.C. yo it's do or die In this, business and trifeness We finesse this, for R.D., we chef shit Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit dangerous sons, step back let the tech lift Lift you up, bless you wit a shorty then we set you up [Nas] Hold it right there pull over That nigga right there inside the Rover I knew he'd be right here, I told ya Let's get him now, look at him smile, ice Bulova Polo pullover, big links and rockin boulders He's stuntin, after he left my man like that without a fair chance to fight back, BUT I'LL BE RIGHT BACK He never seen us, Sos' gave the mac to Venus and Vicious, lookin delicious, handle yo' bidness and step to him, shake yo' ass try to screw him Do what ya gotta do to get to him A tight parasuco, with young faces can turn niggaz Buttafuco, of all ages, they was amused by the way they walked, way they talked Only if they knew these girls'd spray New York if they had to, heard him ask Venus, "Could I have you?" He jumped out a Jeep, heard her tell him, "Don't grab Boo" They started chattin, was only bout a minute, flat when they jumped in the back of the Jeep laughin We followed them pollyin, he thought the hoes were Somalian Probably wanted to hit the Holiday Inn I grabbed the phone and called the Mobb and them We layed low about a hour or so, these bitches movin too slow We both holdin, what if them wild hoes started foldin?  Sosa, said say no more, we started rollin Before we got in they must have shot him, security wildin There the girls go, hurry up we out in the 940, me Sosa and two shorties The punk niggaz got murdered in the orgy Chorus 1/2 [unknown lady - not credited] Q.B.C. QueensBridge motherfucker Ropin niggaz up Cause our click is thick Another day another dollar More money, more murder Fuck this shit, Q.B. up in the house The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ JoJo Hailey Album: It Was Written Song: Black Girl Lost Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *click* *dialtone* *numbers being dialed* *phone rings, is picked up right away* [G1] HELLO?! [G2] Whassup girl.. [G1] Ain't nothin - this nigga in here stressin   talkin that old off the wall back to Africa shit again [G2] What, that God Body shit? [G1] Yeah, that dumb shit   I'm tryin to get up OUTTA here [G2] I hear that.. but yo, you know the spot is pumpin tonight [G1] Word f'real where? [G2] You know, where the real niggaz is poppin the Cristal   NOT THAT WHITE STUFF! [G1] Ha hah! Word where the real niggaz at? [JoJo Hailey] Listen.. to reason Pretty baby baby listen.. [Nas] A young wild beautiful love child You like them thug style link rockin, then mink coppin Hit you on the sink a hundred dollar drink poppin The head'll make you take him shoppin, a foul doctrine Reminiscent of my first time up in a chick You was innocent, but now you rent-a-dick, wear the tightest shit Chanel lookin real, airbrushed nails Hit the gym, hit the scales, heaven-sent but negligent (so fine..) To see a prophecy, your ebony tone is lockin me The way you moan make me daydream of you on top of me Wishin I could be the one man; but you juggle  way too many Willies all in one hand You wanna run up in clubs, gettin rubbed on Niggaz pull your hair, shake your fat rear Get your fuck on - followin week, you back there But what you stuck on, weed, clowns and cars Puffin with some lil nigga, husband not knowin she's out Could you believe Eve, Mother Earth of the seas Niggaz thirst you, you just let em hurt you and leave What up mah, frontin like you naive Pusherman's whip, callin police when you flip Can't understand it, yo it should be a throne for us But for now that's a whole different zone from us, word! Chorus: JoJo Hailey Diamonds all shinin, lookin all fine Pretty little face, get a little high Young girl stugglin, tryin to survive Mother of the Earth, she made you and I Just tired of playin the same ol' games Messin with my mind, emotional thangs And there goes.. a black girl.. lost [Nas] Like Isis, she got you heartbroke and felt lifeless Grow up girl instead you want revenge so now you act the nicest to who'sever gettin down and trifless To get his mind all you do is give him somethin priceless Cause in time he'll realize the thighs is all he needs More than weed, then you hit him off with lies and greed (deceit, yeah) There you go again, startin wars, makin me more yours Seem to get a kick out of keepin me on all fours Face glistenin, I'm addicted to you Original, Wisdom Body got me picturin you Igloos of ice trickin on you, you never listen  to this nigga spendin Franklins on tennis anklets Must've had a bad deal in the past though Can't even keep it real with a nigga with cash flow Say men are all the same, what we need to do is break this chain You got a job part-time and school's your night thing With dreams to settle down, it ain't far from now You gettin interviewed, but your boss is into gettin screwed Typical day that the black girl sees Comin home wantin more from a college degree Chorus [Nas] Where are you focused, on legit niggaz and where the coke is Nice and Thug Life niggaz, yo you seem hopeless Your value - too much to be measured, I wonder how you could ever be played, your pussy worth gold amountin to more than the world, but not knowin nothin about you You leavin the crib, takin all your kids out to drop them off, lettin some nigga knock you off So hot and soft, that's the same thing that got you lost (you should be ashamed) Growin up seein it, it should remind you, you bein lied to Everything that move be inside you Sacred as you are, left with these wannabes to guide you I watched you, hard to knock you, I tried not to They spot you out dancin topless in your drawers Damn look, there goes a black girl lost [JoJo Hailey] You should be ashamed of yourself The way you carry yourself The way you hang out all night long Doin silly things that is wrong Black girl.. *fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: Suspect Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (from liner notes + rewrite) * 45 seconds of talking/skit * [Nas] It was a murder Jake just hit the corner people swarming Three in the morning I jumped out my cab like "Fuck,  niggaz is buck," mega bloodshed, the tapes red I heard some bird whisper, "Yo he should have ducked" I puffed the lilla, just before I hit the scene for rilla I'm all high it's late I'm looking down at the fella Shit's pushed in, ambulance placed him on some cushion His mom's had a stare I wouldn't dare second look when I murk It hurt, kind of took it as a brief reminder that the street's designed to stop your life, plot The beast in time yeah, cell to cell suspect ass nigga you fell First time locked in crime stop my mind blocks the frail Bursting blasting at your forty cal shell, split your dry cell My niggas never snitch why tell We roll with no regrets, destiny's, fifty's and equities Queens'll be the death of me Chorus:  To the suspect witness don't come outside You might get your shit pushed back tonight (Suspect witness don't come outside  You might get your shit pushed back tonight) Chorus [Nas] Dear God, I want the riches, money hungry bitches infested Giving the jealous niggas sickness, the witness My crew dresses, in vest-es, feel the essence Try to test this, scientist, able and reckless Slaughter, Nautica'd down, frames look petite Ten millis, mix designed just for my physique I keep a low pro as if I owe, bless the flow lovely My pants hang low while I'm dancing, sipping the bubbly Hey, me no worry, hashish keep my eyes Chinese Rollin two Phillies together make blunts Siamese I meant it, I represent it, descendant made of early natives that were captured and taught to think backwards Trapped us in a cracker psychiatric, it's massive A Million Man March, alert the masses Ten glocks, Armani in small print, upon my glasses Don assassins, armageddon, the wettin' Never freakin the beast, seven heads, got the righteous threatened Life Was Written, the plot curves behind the settin' Comprehend the grammar, Manfrione -- are you the type of nigga to shoot a leg to get your name known? I flip the brain tome Niggaz get hit and wrap the plastic The mic I strike in vain givin the pain of what a Mack is What you with? Luchi or drama, no sleep means insomnia No need to check the clock, the streets are timin you Chorus [Nas] It justifies, Nas Escobar's leavin shit mesmerized Mega live, like the third world Decipher my deceiver make him a believer Spitting jim stars, words in my mic ttype receiver Bond is my life so I live by my word Never fraudulent Queensbridge don't make no herbs Spread my name to deacons, politicians while they speakin Rebel to America civilization caught you sleepin * talkin to fade * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written Song: Shootouts Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, release what's in me Besides the Henny, it's eyes that's seen plenty Fiends get skinny as if Queens was a Craig Jenny Instead of diet plans it's crack 200 grams I pump a G-pack, peeping for where the D's at It's slow, lookin for Rambo, the cop who got grazed Back in the days, chasin niggaz through my project maze That cop he got a death wish He run behind niggaz until you breathless Everyday he makin ten arrests, sheeit My nigga check this, I know the bitch he rest with I even blessed it, forty-dash-ten inspect it (Already checked it Dunn, near his ankle you could see his gun) Peep, he parked his Jeep in the back of the slum to check Tanisha, fat ass real fly, with the blonde caesar Vetacini summer gear, she push the two-seater I heard she brag about the way he eat her A Irish man short slim with a tan, they say he laced her cheeba She do be lookin weaker, now her teeth are foul Speakin loud, peep her style, in and out of every reefer cloud Fat ass dissolvin, like cotton candy in a mouth that's starvin Rock the same gear daily, like a soldier in my squadron I heard she let Jake investigate from her window  cause she's a nympho, suckin dick and coughin up info So now it's set up, her and the beast to get wet up I know he vest up, we blazin from the neck up  (Yo let me knock first) Soon as he open it your glock burst They had the chains on, son hit the lock first We busted in the cop jerked Jungle popped one in his shirt I grabbed the bitch by her tits, she tried to say she Earth We saw the cameras, tape recorders, and the monitors They eyein us (Nas yo he survived one from the fo'-five) Pull his shades down, they seen his last days now There's no way now, we can be treated just like a slave now Two in the dome, he's laid down, aiyyo the bitch is saved now She's living in a snitch grave now Chorus: Nas Shootouts is similar to Wild West Broad daylight, face to face without a vest You know the episodes, thugs camouflage the spectacles Please God to save the life that the Devil sold See +It Was Written+ but was never told Peep the jewels black man, it's even better than gold Niggaz roll with iron, police roll in hot pursuit tryin to stop the loot, fuck Jake, cock and shoot [Nas] Still on the streets with my peeps so deep We threw a block party for my man goin up creek to do his two to four, niggaz show love, from all around the board Peace Lord, Sony Handi-Cam on record Pop a bottle, cause when you come home we still got it sewn We can watch the tape play back and just zone Film all the bitches, on the benches with ill extensions We block the streets off, only crew cars can enter Music was loud and it was crowded Barbecued wings we fed the fiends (gamble in the back) Killa shouted And Frank tried to stop the bank loss, about what a Roley cost Guzzled his drink, and staggered off He's a Big Will, used to slang krill, now he own the hill Couldn't take losin his cash, and I could feel somethin in the air yeah, Frank returned with Pierre A gun slinger, who niggaz hadn't seen in a year I usually be holdin - 'specially this type of weekend And everyone except for me had started reachin They had gats in each others faces, with kids and grandmothers around, Frank's only concern was his paper My man Killa let off, half of them fake niggaz jet off Police blitz quick, waitin for that to set off Runnin the static, it got me mad cause they a bunch of faggots Startin shit in my hood, I can't have it Yo High, get the 40-cali stainless, Jake is still out Let's make it real and still make them niggaz famous Dip behind trees in fatigues and squeeze, dodge and weave Hearin Jake retaliatin, and Wiz was up the alley waitin We breeze, jump in the ride, heard Pierre died Internal bleedin inside, and ain't been back since ninety-five Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Mobb Deep Album: It Was Written Song: Live Nigga Rap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *gun blast* [P] I shot the motherfucker back [H] Right out the ass son [P] For niggaz don't know how to act [H] What the deal son [P] I shot the motherfucker back [H] No doubt son [P] For niggaz don't know how to act [Prodigy] Yo NYC, U-N-I-verse, se-riously Havoc and P, Queens niggaz so it seem to be Monopolize, strategies of war, exercise, mega Got word back from Noreaga The D.A. got video cassette taper The God with the God-U-Now, pullin a caper Runnin up in the spot, mask and duct taped up Pig tied they motherfuckin wrists to they ankles I been through, crime shit my niggaz in-to Peep the issue situation like this, we stickin him too JFK on our way to L.A. Got links with big cats down to Santa Barbre (Barbara) My crew do it the Mobb way, everyday Crime pay, who wanted gunplay? Drill me Niggaz kill me, grillin me, you wanna look? Peep the nine milli, now undress, you know the drill-y Niggaz suspect, weak links pose threats, I have yet to met challenger who go against my set Gem stars razor sharp like Gilette, shavin closely on any character approach me I let the streets get the best of me, infamy, my destiny While cat burg-lars tryin to sneak peep the recipe Inside my rap cookbook, paragraphs is gourmet You pay about $5,000 a plate [Havoc] No doubt kid, I hit them niggaz like a bid The prosecutor, runnin up in your crib Do your dirt, I do my dirt all by my lonely It's only me, and the gat that's holdin me We got it locked beyond measure, the click's under pressure Extort you for your treasure smack you with the undresser Represent your click, go ahead, get that ass whipped (Floatin in the river with your body wrapped in plastic) Wannabe thug, get smacked for back talkin QB represent fuck that, it can happen While you rappin, I'm busy tryin to sneak the gat in Contamin(ate), cut the party short while you jammin We think smarter, reach harder, got the 44 Bodyguard of somethin you don't want a part of If I was you, then I would do what I have to  But you ain't me, you hesitated so I clapped you Then stepped off casually, naturally me [Nas] Niggaz thinkin shit sweet, I carry big heat Wavy hair chipped teeth, up in this bitch deep Queens murder clicks meet, yellow tapes on black gates  Mediterranean, projects is like Kuwait I escape into zones, that's irregular Why debate on a phone, I'm solar cellular Escobar 600, you just a crumb inside a world where the rich run it, curriculum of a mathologist Deep throats, they try to swallow this Anthropologists, dynasties of great knowledgists I preserve in my dome, niggaz mics is full of silicone Spot's blown, guerilla ice on this killer's life I put my word on it Now you can sleep on or rock or swerve on it Nas is menage a trois' on Mount Aire lodges We like a smooth fam', but rougher than how DeBarge is Catchin charges, of marksmen, livin heartless Grab a cartridge, cock my shit on some Mobb shit We mobbin, puttin niggaz in mausoleums From Queens cross the Throgs Neck, heads bop, I see 'em Chorus: Prodigy (3X) For niggaz don't know how to act To all my niggaz on the block slangin crack Rest in peace to my niggaz layin on they back To all the niggaz who bust gats (live nigga rap) [H] If youse a live nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lauryn Hill Album: It Was Written Song: If I Ruled the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Nas] + (Lauryn Hill singing in the background) Life..... I wonder.... Will it take me under.... I don't know [Verse One: Nas] Imagine smoking weed in the streets without cops harassin Imagine going to court with no trial Lifestyle cruising blue behind my waters No welfare supporters more conscious of the way we raise our daughters Days are shorter, nights are colder Feeling like life is over, these snakes strike like a cobra The world's hot my son got not evidently It's elementary, they want us all gone eventually Trooping out of state for a plate knowledge of coke was cooked without the garbage we'd all have the top dollars Imagine everybody flashin, fashion Designer clothes, lacing your click up with diamond vogues Your people holdin dough, no parole No rubbers, go in raw imagine law with no undercovers Just some thoughts for the mind I take a glimpse into time watch the blimp read "The World Is Mine" [Chorus: Lauryn Hill, Nas] If I ruled the world       Imagine that I'd free all my sons, I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls      Could it be, if you could              be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times [Verse Two: Nas] The way to be, paradise like relaxin black, latino and anglo-saxon Armani exchange the reins Cash, Lost Tribe of Shabazz, free at last Brand new whips to crash then we laugh in the iller path The Villa house is for the crew, how we do Trees for breakfast, dime sexes and Benz stretches So many years of depression make me vision The better livin, type of place to raise kids in Open they eyes to the lies history's told foul But I'm as wise as the old owl, plus the Gold Child Seeing things like I was controlling, click rollin Trickin six digits on kicks and still holdin Trips to Paris, I civilized every savage Gimme one shot I turn trife life to lavish Political prisonner set free, stress free  No work release purple M3's and jet skis  Feel the wind breeze in West Indies I make Coretta Scott-King mayor the cities and reverse fiends to Willies It sounds foul but every girl I meet to go downtown I'd open every cell in Attica send em to Africa [Chorus: Lauryn Hill, Nas] If I ruled the world       Imagine that I'd free all my sons, I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls      Could it be, if you could              be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times And then we'll walk right up to the sun Hand in hand We'll walk right up to the sun We won't land We'll walk right up to the sun Hand in hand We'll walk right up to the sun We won't land [Verse Three: Nas] You'd love to hear the story how the thugs live in worry Duck down in car seats, heat's mandatory Runnin from Jake, gettin chased, hunger for papes These are the breaks many mistakes go down out of state Wait, I had to let it marinate we carry weight Tryin to get laced, flip the ace stack the safe Millionaire plan to keep the gat with the cocked hammer Makin moves in Atlanta, back and forth scrambler Cause you could have all the chips, be poor or rich Still nobody want a nigga havin shit If I ruled the world and everything in it, sky's the limit I push a Q-45 Infinit It wouldn't be no such thing as jealousies or B Felonies Strictly living longevity to the destiny I thought I'd never see but reality struck Better find out before your time's out, what the fuck??? [Chorus: Lauryn Hill, Nas] If I ruled the world       Imagine that I'd free all my sons, I love em em baby Black diamonds and pearls      Could it be, if you could              be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times If I ruled the world, if I ruled, if I ruled Imagine that I'd free all my sons, if I ruled, if I ruled I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls, black dimaonds  Could it be, if you could black diamonds         be mine, we'd both shine If I ruled the world       Still livin for today, in             these last days and times If I ruled the world, if I ruled if I ruled, I'd free all my sons black diamonds, I love em love em baby Black diamonds and pearls, if I ruled If I ruled the world If I ruled the world I love em love em baby!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Was Written (European Version) Song: Silent Murder Typed by: OHHLA.com Chorus: (X4) *whisper* Silent, silent Murder [Nas] It's sort of like the conclusion to "Color Purple" Niggas is losing, confusion, with one time all pursuit moves in Grabbing niggas up in this movement to rule shit Cop verses the block, shorties is too quick Lesson number one. If you're arrested and hung Where niggas is from gotta keep a lid on your tongue It's like silent murder, I hit blunts hard like Ray Mercer the violent words of a prince in a palace of Persia. The cognac plurger plus the trees, but whose the faul one to make his nose take a freeze, and got enough gold to rock ice in all hype. Used to be a general but just lost his stripe Pipe dreams and white feinds and all-nighters, collect calls from lifers Astoria walls with cypress, since I got a problem with the law-writers, I kick some more items just to explore horizons, the palm lady dreamt of this day so I'ma play, the crib close smokin' with the big toast and lay Chorus They say the arms of Nicki Barnes would be enough to blast, a lot of rich niggas fell and started pumping gas Was it the mind of CIA that bumped off Malik Shabazz Fuck what they teach in class I'ma reach the mass Strap up, no back up, it's jungle tactics Livin' practice, out of line niggas get smacked backwards So wear it if the cap fits, fold it up money and mad clips A stack right under my matress To smoke a nigga like a Hugh Bros. motion picture Niggas gettin' open cruise, won't be olding niggas April fools they laugh the jokes on the benches Cease outside my nigga spoke on his sentence Chorus (X4) + Silent Silent, silent Murder My right handers never play too close to cameras It's nighttime scanners circle that allow gamblers Peace-making niggas pep talk the peace-makin 'niggas walk off the hot avenues with they brew. Time to get this loot countless, 'cuz sun it ain't no youth fountains Niggas take cash and shoot, bounce and Pakistanians is took hostage Locked up inside a linen closet known for spending pies up What's the flavour when your neighbors do jake favours? Lock them real niggas down and lettin fake players roam around the project this lyrical logic I dilute, the weak can object the right composite We're plottin' all murderous schemes, it seems I'm ghostly called by the essence of queens the palm lady dreamt of this day, so I'ma play the crib close smokin' with the big toast and lay Chorus (X6)     And Cain killed his brother Abel when God accepted Abel's      offering and not his.     Abel's offering showed that Cain was not giving his best to God,     and Cain's jealous anger drove him to murder -     drove him to murder The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: The Firm Song: Firm Fiasco Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Nas Escobar, AZ the Vizuliza As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be in the Firm I can remember when I first met Sosa, it was a glorious time There were wise guys everywhere, we were around Twenty one, twenty two at the time Yeah every place we go, every party People would stop and stare when we walked in We would give the doorman a hundred dollars just for opening the door Sosa would give the bartender two hundred dollars just for keeping the ice cold Yeah we were legends.. and we still are legends Two hundred fallen angels, we ballin from every angle Heavy bag gold, panamanian changed angle Let's tangle, tabernacles, Elohim's coming at you Fuck parables, a billion years B.C., originally black Jews Cashews honey now roasted, let's kill the colprate He owe us shit, toe toe toe with that four four bit Fuck the hoe shit, mercury back tax the birth of me Personally I existed when Earth was in need, indeed Human lifeform transformed from light storms, poltrons Electrons nuetrons, iced long Nights long, reptilians, I'll see ya'll in the next millenium What world are we really in, amphibians moved to the Carribean Underwater force, placed under the court of law Usually sport Warlaw, my mind stay core raw Fill of ambiants, love fine carats and cars that launch Nonchalaunt, usually there are Jimmies up in the palms Play low style, Guteians change my whole profile Left the dope pile, bet the guard be around for awhile Firm Islamic, hit the croner of the Earth just like a comet Verse Two: AZ the Vizuliza, Nas Escobar See I like Esco, he knew everybody and everybody knew him He was the type of guy who routed for the bad guys in the movies But hey Die for this Firm, live for this Firm Niggas learn, never should come before your fam From ki's to ported grams, these are corners in the blue van E's upon on us, cause of warrants  While we smoke hash cheese enormous, stack cheese Travel the world like Taurus, went half with Sosa for four bricks Down in Camdon, we handlin' to D.C. Chips on fights with China White's by they tight PP Wanting PC but all they get is good dick or four clips For loose lips, by the jungle flips Suck the pearl tongue juices, off your fly misses Take her out to the Spark's steakhouse, gentleman style Coincidental, family's here Meet fem fatale, French connection Persian wet don, let's get this "F" on The Ebony queen, Fox you grab my left arm Dre made a QB the conton, BK and so on Family strong Consigliere Nature Makin sure we all get this millionaire's paper What a sweet site for sour eyes, may we all rise Hope for now on we never cross sides Veres Three: Foxy Brown You know what, most hoes would have left these cats a long time ago I mean if your man gave you a gun to hide, what would ya'll hoes do? But you know, the shit kinda turned me on Black Madonna, hoes kill for they popals Never seen a bitch like this, queen misses Rock BDS's on the left wrists, trick check this Respect this, Firm's niggas lie knee deep in this bitch Wanna need bitch and have my pussy bleed, swear for 'em Fuck and take the chair for 'em, whoever dare cross us The thoughts that thoughts across a bitch's minds, pops the nine Leave 'em resting in peices, while my thorough bitches peep this Death before decid-a, screw me on the dick-a Lace me in Gabanna, peep dat Think I'm flippin' on these three cats,  Set yo clown ass right up with my down ass Bitch to hold the cash and G's, stash the guns for 'em And the icedy E Berkee, breathe the the sun for 'em Long dick style, swallow the enemies cum for 'em Pretty ass hoe, bitches fuck 'em and I dumb on 'em When Nas pop the Crist, Fox cops the fifth Make my doe up for OZ's, now hoes that's real uhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dr.Dre Album: The Firm  Song: Phone Tap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas]	Yo this Esco, who this? [AZ] What's the deally? I just touched grounds down in Philly Brought a pound with me, Feds floatin around silly Tryin to find Lynn, bitch supposed to be in the Benz Parked in row ten, her and that slow hoe Gwen Should of known she was a bitch that we both could of boned to post it alone, the ass had us both in the zone But you know the rules, both been schooled by older dudes I know the jewels No time for them thoughts, too much to lose  Just tryin to vibe until them hoes role with the ride Where's your joy and pride? You know little Des got your eyes [Nas] In the cut, drop-Z okay, the top's up Left the mall bought Little Amal the toy truck Your boy's what, three years old now, correct? He and my daughter age neck and neck, they futures set Trees got me wet, in the background's an old cassette Fly Stephanie Mills shit What's the deal with, all this shit I'm hearin up top  You got arrested, shot a fair one with a cop That ain't ya stee', you usually low key with no t I'm only goin off of what some weak bitch told me [AZ] That's some ill shit, hear that bitch go with her click [Nas] Yo Dunn,  I'll hit you right back cause the static is thick [spanish speaker -> words unknown] Chorus: Dr. Dre We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do  Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew All we need now is the right word or two  to make all it stick like glue, then you through We got your phone tapped, what you gon' do  Cause sooner or later, we'll have your whole crew All we need now is the right word or two  to make all it stick like glue, we got you [AZ] We just hit the cribbo, I'm curled up on this pillow I'm still low, hold the ill news, these niggaz killed mo' The shit touched me, tryin to chill just lit a dutchie  from a while back - same foul cats who tried to bust me  Caught 'em sleeppin, in Spanish Harlem with some Puerto Ricans Up in Washington Heights right off the Deacon Feel awful speakin, for some reason, feel the phone's tapped Alone with gats left with a vest to watch my own back [Nas] Keep your eyes open - stay wide, shit is mind blowin Look for any sign showin one-time is knowin about the dynasty, shit is not minor leauges no more Cats bleed in this cold war Son we took an oath, then this life took us both We rich now, milk the whole cow, split the growth  Now I'm on the car doin, headlights on Fluid in the windsheild wipes gone this light storm that's formin in the sky, you comin home tomorrow? Will you drive or will you fly - hold up, my other side [Nature] Yo son some other cats tried to ruin our plans Sendin two decoy bitches with pictures of you and your man Askin your whereabouts - I gave 'em no leads  For all the nigga know them hoes fuck with police [Nas] No shit I'm clickin over, I'ma tell Sos' quick Son - them outta state bitches tryin to get us both hit That was Nate, he hit me last night late while in my hoe's stomach Said it's no hundred, we FBI's most wanted So play the low, change your clothes, pack your bags Watch what you say on this phone, get home fast Chorus [AZ] Yo it's all good I'ma hit you when I touch down tomorrow son, word [Nas] Stay on point - don't even use the phone just come to my crib yo, word up [AZ] Out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: The Firm: The Album Song: Executive Decision Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Nas] Diamond cut vocals carved sculptures Gats and holsters, MAC's and four-fifths Two plagued veracious We smoke spliffs when the dro's lit hoes get hit Have them blow dick, blow the whole clique Jeeps, Tahoe, shoes be Salvatore Ferragamo  Catch ammo, guns long like Motumbo From a land of heart, rap fans I'ma stalk y'all While we ban the pork, thought Farrak taught y'all The god sports all dejoun, four wheel Push the Range all year, vision a war near I lay it out for y'all, its money and ice That's how I'm running your wife Stay whipping that Vipe Clipping your life, down to pint size Firm slice pies, couple of trife guys in tinted up white 5 [Nature] Who's the first to set it? At times my thirst's pathetic Nature one of The Firm, our word's phonetic At seven digits, first class trips to some I'll never visit Outlook, remain pessimistic Used to jostle in hostile environments buying whips Cheating life, violates requirements Psychics predict that I'll be dying rich Until then catch me chilling, flying in a giant six On some next shit, went from humble, now it's hectic Reminiscing when they use to call me desperate Minor drawbacks, I had to learn not to fuck with small cats and fake cartier and straw hats Stick them on a mixtape, they think they're all that But just speeding through, never sound unreasonable son Whatever's the cause I know it's feasible Fought your way in the game, the rates is seasonable (Chorus) Nas If we keep going hard, we're gonna take this money  Take money money take take money money  Take money take take money money If we just play our part, we're gonna make this money  Make money money make make money money  Make money money make make money [AZ] You know how we're living, Firm shit nigga Yo, circle through the orbit Stock bonds, I own corporate Rock the law shift Filthy rich, we're coking endorsements You must've lost sense My whole Firm we walk with offense I push a Porsche bent Fuck your main bitch of your expense Laws intense, high ways Death throughout the tri-state Who violate? '98 Lex, NY plates Well modernized, wide body cup with foreign eyes You far behind, I'm rock the reptiles, it's still Karl Kani's Guard your eyes, mystical movements hard to size We harmonize and blew force that's way beyond the skies Love position, parlaying, ducking truck evictions Thug intentions every few months of this mission Its principles, master my square, no identicals Invisible, I've figured you wise so play it sensible (Chorus) Nas X2 (Outro) AZ (Nas) Yo you see, yo see what we're doing son You stick 20 and we're making 40 (See how's going down) And 40 gon' make 80 and 80 gon' 60 son We're entre-preneuring right now, (It's simple arithmetic) Grossing development man (Corporate world) You know what I mean? (I hope they're ready for the Firm niggas) (They're ready for the Firm niggas?) Man, I don't think so Son, hold up, pull that, pull that (I don't think there's no other) They're mosquitoes right now (I don't think there's no other families out there) The allegiance (That has the strength to survive in today's game, fo'real?) Ha ha ha Playing with big boys now, man You will recognize or feel what we're trying to do (Millionaires behind bitches) Or either feel what we're trying to do (Word up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dr. Dre Album: The Firm Song: Firm Family Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro:  A tale of two cities. Right here. Nature: It's time we set it straight connect with Dre the correct way Predicting platnum in less then a day So for that we amound us while y'all lackin' hope All I do is write raps stack relax and smoke Seeing my dreams come true stayin' humble in the eyes of others Politician with the wisest brothers It's Nature one of the greatest peep how I play this Straight from the Bridge one of your kids favorites From not till the day that I'm stiff fowl flagerant pay the rent  Always stay swift, stuck in my ways type shovanistic Since a youth I had a thing for big jewels Flooded rings and older bitches holding my riches  In lump sums for trust funds fully recoved thugs lust to bust guns While niggas get drunk beat wifes and cuss sons A slow process called life, let's show progress Dre: Don Cortes, white rags cherry bently Cop shines from Italy speak money language fluently Never fuck with the nastiest flashiest Bought a house as big as Scarface to show my happyness Rackin' the 6 0's for those that want to get personal to home Cock the heavy metal rollin' with my stones Prominent with flashy garments spread a mill small bills Bring a smile to an ill grill Popular loved throughout the industry  If they sue light a philly cause the judge has gotta Free Willy Solute with chill Remy gently escort four ladies an arm The four caesers at he club Pentleys condo sweets I'm fancy 20 floors up overlookin' ladies boomerang they panties Bump the Firm Family's latest takin' trips to Las Dregas That's how we do it Aftermath incorperated Hook: C'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon it's the motherfuckin' Frim Family ooh Yeah, I better pinch myself to make sure I'm not dreaming Ooh cause the way you make me feel I feel like ooh screaming Nature: I spit rhymes for the radio and spit for tours Spend doe that I never thought I'd hold before Now if you just wanna front, you know my styles tight Niggas never should of plugged up the motherfuckin' mic Sippin' Tangeray 60 inch screen when we hang with Dre I just flew in from Queens no bag and plan to stay In the heat park this Royals Royce up in the beat Seeing topless bitches rollerblading in the street Dr. Dre: While I lounge in a jacousy sky cliff blue got the whole crew Nas, AZ, Nature, Foxy there too, how we do? Hit trees Cristal bottles, breeze tropical spread love till we wobble It's time to give let the kids live comfortable Anybody pumpin' between the East and West...fuck you Make moves political hit this revenue Set examples respect every individual Hook (x1.5) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Pretty Boy Album: The Firm Song: Firm All Stars Pretty Boy: TrackMasters A yo you see that a major, tellin my flavor All types of paper, I'm doin you a favor So blaze the trees, come on baby please Yo to lay with these girls pay the fees Cause I stay in these, coop rabie bees Jitty to the fifty, to the ACG's  And when I'm lazy B Let the AC breeze, explain to my dames how the gamin be So what you trippin about, in the club I be kickin em' out I get em home then I'm twistin them out If I still keep it real I be friskin them out, with my dick in they mouth Then I'm kickin them out Cause you miss the quote, cause even if this kid was broke On you I wouldn't trick to know Have me high at first like I sniff some coke But now you gotta go don't forget your coat Uh Chrous(Nas): We are the firm all stars Fuckin your bitch we don't care who you are We don't need no introduction, our music steady bumpin From the crib to the club to your cars  Come fuck with us Pretty Boy: If you know about us throw your hands in the air From Teaxes to NewYork to Monclair This be the knock from Flatbush to Little Rock Even New Orleans be bout it bout it It's hot Foxy Brown:  Uhhhhhhhhh I gets 7:30 for the door daddy Ain't know thing, ya'll know about the rings huh Here you vibe and you balls with the big cat Anything you tryin ta bring, been there done that See the paper stack I'm not a hater dog Ya'll still crusin lands, I'm navagatin dog Brooklyn tone Baby girl flawsed night and left and baget stones in a James Bomd crome See this pretty face, but you wanna stick it If it's broke nigga we can let Tido fix it  I can't stop, I won't stop Pretty Boy: Everything hot, first week out hit the top  Pretty Boy Relentless, Cop the Coop thats expensive For instanse we rollin in fleets in ten to sixes We smoke phiphers with a dime chick pullin all nighters P be Mr. Macoroni The world slick lies and pretty Tony If you never new know you know me Thats why they wanna blow me We eat caviar, shine like a movie star Firm click real thick, Nas tell em' who we are Chorus(2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: The Firm Song: Fuck Somebody Else chorus: You gonna make me fuck somebody else (I'm gonna fuck somebody) If you keep on treating me the way you do (you don't wanna do it, you don't wanna do it) You gonna make me fuck somebody else If you keep on treating me the way you do (you don't wanna do it, you don't wanna do it) Verse One: Foxy Brown Most of these cats ain't got nothing for me, but if we talikng G's That's a different story, now don't embarass yourself Cause if you ain't pushin' what I'm tryin' to push next year You talking for ya health, nigga rock on Check where you come from, you now my stee dun Run a G and leave 'em strung with they tongue hung, niggas is bold now I puts the gold down, I ain't laughing Cats be asking can they lick my hole now, feel free Nigga eat me, treat me Ya trick, pussy clit lickin' No ass gettin' dick, first roles Niggaz is my hoes, top my doe Wanna lace me with some head after my show, bringin' dat I'm the nasty bitch that I am, make 'em lick my pearl tongue And you got to give my girls some, fuck a man Bitch got the world in her hand, just on spite Niggaz got to fuck me right chorus: Verse Two: Foxy Brown Aye yo Fox quit the PP on niggaz that is ricky Have them cats wining like Be-Be and Ce-Ce, Ill Na Na Pussy hot like a sauna, have yo dick doin' flips in my teddy by Gabanna Can yo baby's momma keep it wet like this, sex like this Nigga this is the best it gets, been around the world twice Gettin' more ice, bomb ass cock Fuck a nigga all night, for you bitch kept the pussy tight All night, nasty when I wanna Pussy you make me wonder, any eye in me Keep vibin' me, roll a nigga got the word that he coppin' threes They call him Long Dick Steve, make the pussy steamy Lips in the ass with his face thug cree, ya'll should've seen him Nigga dick mad tiny, doin' tricks like a muthafuckin' genie chorus: Verse Thre: Foxy Brown Now niggaz get a nut just to watch me strut, niggas tried knockin' me up Locking me down, what clown copped me a truck But I ain't need it, he passed me da blunts but I don't get weeded Smoke the put bush, let him eat it Let's him get high then his face in my thigh, while I'm in his ride Fuck a nigga Todd, screamin' my name Cum stains on the wood grain, had a good thang But the truth is your loose lips mad me ruthless, now you sex what Jerk it, it's for certain Had him spend up, had him bent up  Got the next nigga none in ya Benz truck Ain't nothing wrong with a good dick, fuck a trick Suck a dick, let no trick Nigga pass up, fuck the last nut Get a ass up uhh the next what, can a nigga do But fuck you and ya crew with down ass hoes chorus: You gonna make me fuck somebody (you gonna make fuck somebody) You gonna make me fuck somebody (if you keep fucking up the way you do) You gonna make me fuck somebody (ohh fuck somebody) You gonna make me fuck somebody (you're gonna make me fuck somebody) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: The Firm: The Album Song: Hardcore Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au [Nas Escobar] What? That Firm shit, that Firm shit, what's that? What? That Firm shit, that Firm shit Everyday I'ma polli bout, who's the best hotty out? And will they ever let Gotti out? Am I real? Feel free to try me out Guaranteed eternally, you signin out I only bang quarters, not a thing short of than a dime, rhyme like a crime scene reporter Thought shorty would lose but the game taught her Hoodrat just like Thelma, James' daughter Killer put you on, got you laced in Bucon Bledest stone, where the place you call home? [Foxy Brown] Brooklyn girl, plotted then I took the world You know the whole drill, Na Na so Ill Make mills and escro, decimals Cancoon, Mexico, X-and-O Bracelets got all, along with gold Now it's platinum rings, songs is sold Hot from the jumpstart, let the game spark Thriller, will I shot to the top of the charts [Nas Escobar] Head honcho, cat Esco Push everything from the Coupe to the Fo' Never love a ho, get my dick sucked Smoke the chocolate, trick my chicks up Pass all the ki's to mami, whip it up Fox get the B's, Bonnie live it up Chorus: (x2) Your love, so good You deserve some hardcore [Nas] That Firm shit, that Firm shit [Foxy Brown] FIRM, NIGGA WHAT? Get my twat licked Never love a trick, get him for his chips Fuck him and his dick, nigga where the six? He actin like a bitch, he should've known this Got the stone the wrist, I ain't no bonin this Bomb ass shit, I could play with my shit [Nas Escobar] Rap niggas, capitalise, stock figures Cognac is that liquor Got me all numbed out, now I'm in the street with the guns out Niggas better take me home, 'fore I dumbs out Might fuck around, lay somethin down wit mad niggas out here to see that shit We that click, runnin shit up in New Yick all the way down to Hicktown, layin it down [Foxy Brown] Fox be the classiest, the sassiest The clubs, all thugs grab my wrists, offer me moselle Crist More of the shit to hold you with Keep hatin I'ma fold your bitch Should've known to control that chick, hoes mad cos I roll the 6 Doe full of ices, black Isis Sidewalk, my niggas stay fuckin your girl The rest be, hoes in stretch jeans with red seams Take it from me, let a nigga dream Make em lick that, get the cat for his cream Chorus (x2) [Foxy Brown] It's about time I reverse that Bitches learn game, rehearse that It ain't no love, ma remember that Ya hoes wanna slap while I got him on his back tryin to hurt that [Nas Escobar] Think you're grown, half the niggas sittin at home watchin the kids, while you're gettin it on I'm too smart for that, caught you creepin Receipts in your Prada bag, sweets every weekend Spendin my doe, I coulda spent that on hydro You ain't slick enough, think I don't know [Foxy Brown] Dumb ass, think I slept on your bum ass Knew the whole stee bout a chip like me Did it on G-P, let you eat me Couldn't freak me, I'm better off with TV [Nas] That Firm shit, that Firm shit Interlude: Can't get enough, oooooh oooooh, oooooh oooohooooh [Nas] That Firm shit, that Firm shit Chorus (x3) Interlude to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: The Firm  Song: Untouchable Nas:  Yeah, I'd like to welcome everybody that came. I know that I  woke y'all up early this morning, but shit is real, I needed all y'all to come down, so we can talk about these things thats going on man. It's gettin real. Wizard: Escobar repritoire that's my man Blowin up, how we expand  Stack grands up pack fans up with wild cats Bustin live gats  Claimin that you illa than me, now how's that In the bridge hangin with the thugs menaces Images of mad loot and being citizens Now we livin large reminiscin and flippin on prison guards Jumpin in and out of different cars On a weekly Benz or Mitsubishi  Got the flip phone in the swift zone Satellite dish, 50 inch with the Knicks on  Everyday it's real in my life, we live in sitcoms Real arm, bustin out this hustlin game with the name See it in life, bitch get it right Scorecedes, cap low, black mercedes Miami in back with the crack, the late 80's Brown timbs and thousands  Now we on to some real dough How does it feel to count a mil  What you bum Throw a party and show love to the same cats after your stacks who throw slugs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: The Firm Song: Five Minutes To Flush Typed by: nelly@itis.com Five minutes to flush Nature: They say they just wanna question me the interuption 4 in the morning they knocked and caught me fuckin' Throw on something mad provocative play with the top lock Buy me some time so I can hide the shit kinda quick Move the guns clip the herb  They got me shook up plus my nut was disturbed Hide the chocolate pickin' up shells form off the carpet Baracaiding the door for war like a hostage It's my crib, got my name on the lease Can't explain niggas just get arrained and released But who snitched set me up, I think it's you bitch Sacrificing my life for you two kids?  Truth is, I got a business to lose eyewitness news  Paper tellin' bitches to move, police turned this into a zoo Mad reporters, I laugh as I'm sippin' my brew They think they caught us Hook: 4 in the morning Feds are out at the door What you gonna do?  What you gonna do when they come through for you? Ooh ee ooh ee ooh ee yeah yeah yeah yeah 4 minutes left Nature: About a minute went by they knocked harder My bitch went hysterical in shock Slapped her to calm her 4-4 cocked to armor It's been a long day now I raid with jakes playin' in the hallway It's senseless, enter my crib and can't prevent this Blockin' my enterence, trying to knock it off the hindges Battering rams coming inches, my hoe was buggin' Throw a fit thowin' puttin' coke in the oven Like I'm Larry Davis the phone rang some D.A. bitch "Nature turn yourself in" I didn't say shit Knowin' in my heart I'm a stay rich It's abusing, confusing them until they lose patience Try to ease up, calm my nerves with the cheeba Hoping the door doesn't fall before the keys flush Thieves rush, plus the riot squad No surrender no retreat shit's deep but times is hard Hook Nature: By the time they had busted in I had touched the cash Just flushed the last hundred grams nigga subduct the math They made me either that or let them take me Still in my night clothes fake like I'm asleep Spoke to my rat heard him ask where the coke at Predicate felon hope to never go back They had survelance aware of all dealings Knew about bitches that liked to shoot and loot kept in ceilings Searching my spot behind curtains stay cursing Chief of police finally meet him in person But I just flushed the yayo what could he say do Trying to flip on me, once was on the payroll Trying to laylow he can't find what he need So instead I'm cuffed taken down for some weed But it's just for a short say, I call the Firm then emerge On the streets to return the next court day Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Canibus Album: The Firm Song: Desperados [Nas Escobar] You ever dance with the devil under the pale moonlight? Desperados, travellin What the fuck's up son? We could do this word up, we could do this Chrous: The Firm Spend too many nights on the Henny gettin right Breakin big face Bennies, bettin against the friendly dice I can't call it, it's goin too good to spoil it Tell it like it is, the raw shit never recorded (repeat 2X) [Canibus] At a thousand degree Celsius I make MC's melt Fuck my record label I appear courtesy of myself Let me explain how I maintain thresholds to pain I walk across the Sun barefoot lookin for shade I rearrange your rib cage like a twelve gauge at close range and change the position of your brain My hard raps penetrate through your hardhats and all that nigga, get ya wig peeled back I scalp you like the indians on horseback Running Bull will hit you harder than runningback Stunning man with brave and cunning rap Swiftly running laps around 48 tracks Like uncut crack you fiends keep coming back Heads is flippin like acrobats on gym mats From wax to analog tapes to digital DAT's It's critical black, that Canibus is ill like that In fact perhaps you should quit rap, instead of always tryin to diss back, cause niggaz keep tellin you that your shit's wack I rip raps, hardcore raps rushin you to the floor mat Put you in the figure four, break your thorax Jump off the top turnbuckle and land on your back til I hear it snap or crackle, the ref says chill black You get clapped bringin the wrong raps to combat Like bringin a paint gun to a shoot out with real gats Y'all niggaz is wack, rappin over microphone feedback My intelligence begins where yours peaks at From Fox Boogie in the see-through brasierre, to Nasty Nas here My nigga Nature'll explain it further if it's not clear [Nas and Foxy Brown] Millionaire look at the sky make sure it's still there Ice grill stares and my jewelry is in every year Pierre Cardan back in a Dapper Dan time Now flex, angle wrecks, Foxy rock Van Klein [Nas Escobar] Initiated to the Firm shit, real thugs learn quick Sit back and feel the ultimate hit Initiated to the Firm shit, real thugs learn quick Sit back and feel the ultimate hit [AZ the Visualiza] Yo lock in, do the knowledge, follow the doctrine We clockin, on your airwaves, keepin it rockin Blaze up, make fire, light your Purple Haze up Betcha tired, bitch ass niggaz need to be caged up So raise up fuck the playin, I'm sick of layin I can picture sprayin off an SK, shells ricochetin Snatched up, in Supreme Court, eyes half shut Co-defendant caught a life sentence, seem him crack up React what, who will, bail two mill' Nigga cool still bet I'll be home before the news will Blast fuse and leave purple Frank Matthews Perhaps you confuse the concept black, cash rules Incog-ged, another had more deez involved Known freeze condo seize seven keys dissolved Daily routine, speakin up for niggaz who sling Hand to hand on them street corners claimin you king It's time to lock this, join with us, let your glock spit Guzzle the toxic, only fake niggaz drop snitch Get your guns out, it don't take much for me to dumb out Play one route, lay ya shit down and run South [Nature] Here's the cause of this shit, more statistics Deeper than the laws of physics, Malibu sand ,the gorgeous bitches Weed from 1-2-5, my whole crew live A true Desperado, one that never choose sides and show sympathy, just QB, an entity Stock exchange, top of the game, watch you mention me Image is nothin just obey your thirst I blaze the Purple Haze, sit in a daze, then display your birth For those concerned or just eager to learn I speak for The Firm, was told to keep the cheeba to burn Stashin my riches, past traditions, like Olympics pass the torch flip shit so y'all could picture my thoughts, I'm driftin It's type ill wakin up lookin like filth Twenty years younger same hunger same ice grill Genetically form grade A pedigree Born to carve rhymes, a swift tongue helped to set it free Theoretically peep how we bless this, young and restless Guns and westins, learnin to connect through lessons From cool feats to camps, niggaz shoot back It's a proven fact, nine-seven's mine, y'all niggaz move back Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dawn Robinson Album: The Firm Song: Firm Biz Verse One: AZ the Visualiza The six ease out CD laced digital readout No doubt cop glocks from the dred fuck the weedhouse Yo elegance hate females with no intelligence Embezzelment got big boys behind the metal fence Merrill Lynch it's your life Crist alright Vince on ice sex chicks all types General status smootheness mixed with malice Trips to Dallas built a pool in my palace Who want what from more moneys I want a cut Extortin start from the corner step on us up Sixty inch screen laserdisc with the beam It's my life i'm holding the dice don't intervene I send a team to smash out your whole plans No cold hands liquid or hunger to hold grands From state bids to large cats who lace cribs It's Firm Biz, y'all know what time it is Chorus: Dawn Robinson I'm talking Firm Biz to you baby (Firm Firm Biz) Talking bout the Firm, that is (Firm Firm Biz) I'm talking Firm Biz to you baby (Firm Firm Biz) Talking bout the Firm, that is that is  That is that is Firm Biz! Verse Two: Nas Escobar Peep the stee, creepin with AZ B-12's crazy I ball with the firm's first lady I brawl with those who hate me Make me spray I all; hoping for the day I fall Never that though Black 4 4's for fedz Like Donnie Brascoe so peep the cappos  Who mack most splash it up with lactose  Pretty thug style, I blow you out slug style Bent in the Caddy Coupe me and daddy duke He schooled me on how to stand on my own two He said son it's all kinda shit you gon' go through Either you gon' make it or you gon' fall too Now we headline tours remember me I told you that the world was yours Married to the Firm laws Esco bless flows y'all know me Laced in the Sony Firm be the hottest click to blow G Chorus Verse Three: Foxy Brown My pops uesd to warn me never fall victim to the horny Keep the pussy tight stay that bitch If i'm gon' fuck lay that dick  Tony get him for his chips and pray he push a six Now I got game to make the thuggish niggas scream my name Hope the panties drop only if I cop The baby blue drop gotta keep my wrist iced The baddest bitch yeah the sex is alright Lace 'em all night going to the crib Jumping out the range in the iceberg tights Yeah I know about the five and its one shut eye 360 wave spinning cat thinkin he Nas From now 'til the day we shinin keep my diamond Esco with me in the E reclining top dogs The illest duo since the Boss name was Hugo AZ Firm trio stay on the lee low (Chorus with modifications) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm (Nature) f/ Noreaga Album: The Firm Song: I'm Leaving [Noreaga] yo, Nori know this, and Nori know that but Nori know gat (why) cause Nori buck dat Iraq'll make you famous throwing gang signs like it's sign language distinguish us from the others kidnap your baby mothers bringing drama to the deep covers salute g, bust you down like a lucie Jose probably lay with a gold uzi crunk Italy, Africa and Sicily niggaz acting sissy see pointing guns and missing me (Nas: "Yo son, it's on son") hey yo there's beef in the hood again niggaz came with hoods again thinking that it woulda been saw us, from what we first did when we did now we twist another wig, a mother lose another kid but it's beef now, keep it short real brief now strike vigorous, no intentions of missing it they sent the message, or example, whatever set it up man on man only to score we apply the plan quickly explain why you ran in this dark land we lay you down in the sand on the lines like the internet many would come if you would pose off against my set, there ain't a nigga yet smoke so much, niggaz say I need nicarette you say bogie but you used to say cigarette nine-oh, a new religion, a new beginning [chorus] I'm leaving baby don't go I know the block is hot boo I'll watch your spot I'm leaving sweetie don't leave I need you to stay with me (come on) uh huh, uh, uh uh huh, uh, uh I'm leaving boo I can't understand and don't think that I'll be back again [Nature] it's like a bad dream and I can't wake up mouth caked up knowing these cats is fake fucks and it ain't right with no love, them hugs ain't tight son we used to pop bottles and slugs the same night [Noreaga] hey yo they left me right hand damaged and I ain't lefty couldn't bust when I's supposed to pull what I'm supposed to do? lay down, watch these niggaz spray me or maybe we strike accurate blaze them plus they ladies [Nature] I woulda never thought we'd ever get caught in this way of life prosecution, if you violate a player's rights say it twice Nature soon to be engraved in ice hanging off my neck glistens like it's framed in light [Noreaga] niggaz call me Jose shootin the Artie Clay Benedict Arnold type getting this rap loot still selling China White either Allah or Christ married to marijuana now my niggaz don't write (still ice, still living this life) [chorus] [Nature] you got the nerve to say that Nature's slipping? the greatest vision bald-head kid Cartier frames, the latest Pippens doggystyle was my favorite position until I switched it, dead shit got on some head shit headed in the wrong direction up in the Sheraton QB to LA still puffing my medicine for those lost in the streets up north or deceased for those struggling unfortunate to eat I dedicate this, tell me right now how do you rate this? whatever happened to the mule and the 40 acres it's outrageous, the way the god finesse the basics invasion, me and Noreaga Firm made men The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Half-A-Mil Album: The Firm: The Album Song: Throw Your Guns Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au, DaSun Akbar (Intro) AZ Y'know, personally, I'm for the paper As long as we all see doe (Yo yo, big boys play for large sums) Yeah, uh huh (Even bitches got their shit tight) Ha ha ha Aight (If you're with us throw your guns up, what the fuck? Form a philly, cock your shit back and bust) [Half-A-Mil] You acquired the knowledge, my brainwaves 'cause riots in college Science scholar in this world of violence and dollars Firm rapping god from the projects It ain't hard, from Medicaid cards to platinum cars My clique is that large to get their dick licked and back massaged by rich chicks who rock Versace bras In the drop, watching the stars Yo, the conquest is ours, mission accomplished, shitting on Congress Benz whipped with a 6, on this six million tons When I appear reptilians run Firm affilions, willions exile your team like Indians Your style's a dream, we pop Cristal and drive Bentley's in  The same streets you can't get a penny in All my real shootout niggas hear me when Half-A-Mil shoot out with Bohemians, calicos spitting in Niggas splitting in the same position they're sitting in What sentencing? We got too much Benjamins We even got triple six IBM plastic currency with chips in them Images killing them, my niggas lay back We use to pump a G, now we pump 100-K packs Guns aimed at ya, destroy your whole world like *?K-mat?* What part of the game's that? To curse my hot verse is flame rap Players got the game trapped, I be the king mack On my bitches mind 'til their bring crack... (Chorus) AZ Yo yo, big boys play for large sums Stack up, strategise, watch the cons come It's all a game, even bitches got their shit tight On the scene, 18, sucking dick, right? It's sick, right? If you're with us throw your guns up, what the fuck? Form a philly, cock your shit back and bust [AZ] What? From NY to New Orleans, we're all fiends Court scenes, flashbacks to kidnaps in Fort Green Guns bussing, stash house out in Flushing Corruption, killer men-tal is foul adjusting Cold nights, handled the streets my whole life Back and forth, kikes, focus for niggas who've lost sight Travel thought wise, beyond light years, way across skies Short-i's, so many making living off lies Anti-up, hoping my new shorty don't stand me up It had me stuck, after this session, I plan to fuck Hot pursuit, a real splitting image of Pop Duke Block lasoo's, paper player part of my roots So what do you gross yearly? I live this game so sincerely Really, most rap cats couldn't come near me So it's either or, Peter pay Paul, you and yours Fools in fours, regulate life thru rules and laws... (Chorus) [Half-A-Mil] Firm official, 8-50 I, burning pistol Black Magnum P-I, mack V-I, willie hat Half beehive, wise guy '95 I look in my eye, praising Allah Project aiming rod Greatest star Akbar, pushing a hot car Shark Bar, private engagement, live entertainment I grab mics and I explain it How I've went from the blinds to the brainless To the minds of the wise and the famous Niggas wives admire the guy's arrangers Take off their wedding rings and give head to the king It's just a cheddar thing, amaretta, Armani leather thing We in to better things like wetting the brains Jumping outta stretches with minks, crime connected with link Up in the club buying drinks, bitches eyeing the spinks Hustler haters hate us, my guns say "Fuck what they think" My son copped a Hummer this summer with a buttoned-up mink (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am... Song: N.Y. State of Mind Pt. II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Uhh Yo, yo-yo, y'all Whattup? Whattup It's time man (Word, it's time?) Straight up, it's time man Aight, set that shit off (Set it off then nigga, set it off) Broken glass in the hallway, bloodstained floors Neighbors, look at every bag you bring through your doors Lock the top lock, momma shoulda cuffed me to the radiator Why not? It might've saved later from my block N.Y. cops, hookers crawlin off the stroll, coughin stitches in they head, stinkin and I dread thinkin they be snitchin But who else, could it be, shook at these, unmarked vans Parked in the dark -- NARC's, where's your heart? Hustlers starve; they bust a U-e I jog to my building -- come out later wearin camouflage See the sergeant and the captain -- strangle men Niggaz gaspin for air; til they move no more and just stare with dead eyes -- tired of riots, shit is quiet Simple-minded fools infiltrate grimy crews Overcrowded cribs, uncles home from bids, sister's pregnant father's on drugs, moms is smokin, beds is piss-infested Had eight partners growin up, eight turned to seven Seven turned to six niggaz, got two in heaven Six of us, holdin it, now it's five rollin thick The sixth one's parole flipped; five niggaz, went to fo' quick when he went O.T., college life, converted into gangbangin Four niggaz still hangin, years passed and slang changin Three of us now, fourth nigga ain't around We all thought he was real -- he did the snake shit Fake shit -- beat his ass down, yo his mouth could've got us all wasted, what a fuckin clown All I got left in the end is two of my best friends And we all goin out, to the death for these ends, WHAT? New York, New York ("New York state of mind" -> Rakim) New York, New York ("New York state of mind" -> Rakim) 	*repeat while Nas is talking* 	You heard about it, you see about it 	You read about it, it's in your papers 	It's in your daily news ("Get money!") 	New York chronicles, every day 	The crime rate, the murder rate 	The money rate, the paper chase, youknowhatImean? 	New York state of mind baby, check it out [Nas] I'm at the, gamblin spot, my hands on a knot New York Yankee cap cover my eyes, stand in one spot I take a nigga dough, send him home, to a shoebox You lost that nigga I put your dollar in the jukebox Hear my favorite song, all these niggaz sing along All the ciggarette smoke's cloggin my lungs, hoodrats flashin they tongue Young thugs blastin they gun, we got reputations Bitches and niggaz both on parole or probation Shit is sick, niggaz got gats, army fatigues I got my eyes glued on, whoever walk in the lead Cause I ain't playin, niggaz'll run up in here and shoot up this shit Stick yo' ass up, niggaz'll find the loot in your kicks Bunch of triple-cross niggaz, just New York niggaz Lift you off your feet when they was just talkin with you Some of these dudes the Feds be on em, you knew em for years Be the type when you walk in a pub, they offer you beers That ain't gangsta, niggaz is up North with tatted tears Your name's on the affadavit, you ratted kid Faggot-ass niggaz that be scared to do they bids Fuck you, we run you out of N.Y, you can't live Got your quiet niggaz, that relocated down South comin back to floss, then you got the jealous loudmouths All of a sudden we got Crips and Bloods, D.T.'s runnin round quick to split your mug, it's ea-sy to score but it's hard to get the shit off Niggaz fightin over hundred sales, jump in the car and drive off When the fiend come around the block, happy as hell Niggaz, mad cause they ain't get a piece of that sale Cutthroat connivers, universal, ghetto survivors Go to any hood that's live and make it liver A lot of niggaz scheamin, some real, some niggaz frontin But I'm a big dreamer, so watch me come up with somethin New York, New York New York, New York The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Puff Daddy Album: I Am Song: Hate Me Now Typed by: kmelpla@hotmail.com [Puff] Escobar season has returned... [Nas] It's been a long time, been a long time comin Looks like the death of me now But you know, there's no turning back now This is what makes me - this is what I am [Puff] Feel me? Let's go [Base Chorus: Puff Daddy] You can hate me now.. but I won't stop now.. Cause I can't stop now.. you can hate me now.. But I won't stop now.. cause I can't stop now.. You can hate me now.. you can hate me NOWWWW.. [1st Chorus: add Nas after each pause] Q.B., real niggas, Bravehearts, c'mon [1st Chorus: after Nas add Puff Daddy ad lib] Well you hate me I'm gon' hate you too It's as simple as that Die motherfucker die motherfucker die You don't give a fuck I don't give a fuck Go down any way you want it to go down (do it now) Weak, jealous motherfuckers (do it now, do it now) Fuck y'all! [Verse 1] Don't hate me, hate the money I see, clothes that I buy Ice that I wear, clothes that I try, close your eyes Picture me rollin, sixes, money foldin Bitches honies that swollen to riches, Nas get in ya Most critically acclaimed Pulitzer, prize winner Best storyteller thug narrator my style's greater Model dater, big threat to a lot of you haters Commentators ringside try watchin my paper Almost a decade, quite impressive Most of the best is in the essence for this rap shit that I stand for Expandin more to the big screen, Bill Gates dreams But it seems you'd rather see me in jail with state greens Want me off the scene fast, but good things last like your favorite MC still makin some mean cash First rapper to bring a platinum plaque, back to the projects but you still wanna hate, be my guest, I suggest [Puff Daddy] Money is power motherfucker I got millions of thugs on salary, bitch (do it now) [Base Chorus] [2nd Chorus: add Puff Daddy after each pause] I won't stop I can't stop You can hate me I hate you too You can hate me now.. You can hate me now.. [Nas] Do it now, I told you do it now [Puff] Let's go [Verse 2] You wanna hate me then hate me; what can I do but keep gettin money, funny I was just like you I had to hustle hard never give up, until I made it Now y'all sayin that's a clever nigga, nuttin to play with Hate on me, I blew but I'm the same ol G People warn me, when you're on top there's envy Took my niggas out the hood, but you doubt on us Sayin we left the hood but can't get it out of us My bad, should I step out my shoes, give 'em to you? Here's my cars and my house, you can live in that too Criticize when I flow for the streets, hate my dress code Gucci this, Fendi that, what you expect hoe? Nickname Esco', took this game to its threshold Best flow I bet the whole U.S. know Try to make it like you the realest, but who the illest? Think we all know the answer to that, cause niggas feel this right [Puff Daddy] You think I'ma come this far, and let you niggas stop me now? I hate you too!! (Do it now!) [Base Chorus] [3rd Chorus: add Puff Daddy after each pause] I won't stop I can't stop You can hate me I hate you too You can hate me now.. You can hate me now.. [Puff] I like this.. I like the way this feels [Verse 3] It's a thin line between paper and hate friends and snakes, nine millis and thirty-eights Hell or the pearly gates; I was destined to come Predicted, blame God, he blew breath in my lungs Second to none, wicked turn wives to widows Shoot through satin pillows, the desolate one Took a little time to claim my spot Chairman of the board until this game stop, and I side with the Lord Ride for the cause while drivin niggas shot at my doors Plottin I'm sure to catch me with they glocks to my jaws Tried, stickin me up, but I flipped on these ducks (you tried) Instead of me, ambulances were picking them up (that's what you get) Niggas fear what they don't understand, hate what they can't conquer Guess it's just the fury of man Became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin I'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin C'mon [Puff Daddy] You ain't never seen a nigga like me, ever in your life And that's what you can't understand! [Base Chorus] [4th Chorus: start w/ Puff Daddy, then after each pause] You can hate me now I won't stop I can't stop You can hate me I hate you too You can hate me now.. You can hate me now.. [Puff] You can hate me now [Nas] C'mon niggas [Puff] But I won't stop now [Nas] Do it now! Get this shit over with [Puff] But I won't stop now.. [Nas] It ain't gon' never stop niggas [Puff] I can't stop.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am... Song: Small World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] See no evil.. fear no evil.. speak no evil.. hear no evil.. If you don't bring that shit around you You ain't got nuttin to worry about (uh-huh) Yeah (yeah, uh-huh) Knah-sayin? Yo, yo yo yo Carolyn, from Maryland, she Lady Heroin She elegant -- her apparel in the M-Class caravan Ki's of dope, lovin cats to ski in her dope She fuck killers in her condo, her Benz and her boat Her iced throat, ass is curvy, 40 years old She passin for 30, Gucci framed glasses from Purvy's Madison Ave., shoppin when she not, coppin bricks of that shit She hoppin on dicks, ridin Pony's who trick At my man's wake, she said the eulogy After that I usually, bumped into her shoppin for jewerly Her bodyguard screwin me, I gave her my math Ain't nothin new to me, blowin backs out, six-pack Stout's Wide fat mouth, the evil look, with a bow-leg Yo niggaz said, "Shorty's a pro, she blow heads She push the fo' red, she know Feds, Feds know her" A code red, maybe she's out to slay me, this bitch is crazy She blew the celly up, meet me at the telly to fuck She knew about, cats from way back, we smoke the haystack She never cough once, blunts was her hobby She said I knew her man probably, no doubt, 9-6 he tried to rob me  I jetted though, sometimes you never know He snorted all her work, now she need me, to do her dirty work It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..") Nigga you reap what you sew What goes around, comes around If you sleep you don't know A very small world ("It's a.. small world..") where beef could never end At the time you least expect it I'ma see you again It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..") You get away with it now Soon enough it catches up to you Someway, somehow Yo it's a small world Watch what you do.. ("It's a.. small world..") Snook from Redhook was grimy, did five years, glad to be home from Attica known, for keepin chrome calibers Smooth like a Wallaby shoe, he's out to get it Five years plannin to blow, soon as he hit the bri-dicks Had a girl in Woodside Queens, thought he was low Played the crib for a month, and deaded his P.O. Started robbin niggaz til he caught a whole kilo He had a bunch of starvin niggaz he owe, he never paid though Got large, sign on his door, "Don't knock hard" Layin with his bitch, niggaz is rich, is what he told her Played the block, holdin cracks inside the baby stroller Here come his crazy soldier, six shots it's over A year went past, Snook went flossin fast His old man had crossed his ass, for the laws of this fast cash It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..") Nigga reap what you sew What goes around, comes around If you sleep you don't know A very small world ("It's a.. small world..") where beef could never end At the time you least expect it I'ma see you again nigga It's a small world, no doubt ("It's a.. small world..") You get away with it now Soon enough it catches up to you Someway, somehow It's a small world Watch what you do.. ("It's a.. small world..") I seen death, seen thugs cry, it's bugged why we let the slugs fly, enter your brain, through your skull Another thug died, pitchin your soul, into that infinite black hole, where many souls go cause of a fo'-fo' blast Snook was one of em, so many more Even that Fendi whore, got niggaz hit up yeah let that Henny pour Carolyn, paid-up bitch, made bitch, stay rich Heard her bodyguard took Snook to God Carolyn when she needed him, he took the job He was close to her, ever since she took him inside When his moms died, dopefiend OD-ed, eighty-five He went crazy, stuck up banks, to stay alive He was live - do niggaz even know the things that he tried Robbed armored trucks - incidents where po-lice died He stayed in lower Eastside, peace God (peace God) He starin at me hard Two of his mans with him, I got to hit em I'm reachin for my Roscoe, cocked it back on, and get my blast on At the gas station, bunch of Arabs racin out the way, as my Torah spray, jump in the whip Hit the highway, you know how I say, the game that I play It's real tendencies, when you feel your enemies but can't figure out whose who, keep it true Shit is cool now -- put the tools down? Never Cause everyday is on, livin this life, out for this cheddar It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..") Nigga you reap what you sew What goes around, comes around If you sleep you won't know A very small world ("It's a.. small world..") where beef, never ends At the time you least expect it I'ma see you again It's a small world ("It's a.. small world..") You get away with it now Soon enough it catches up to you Someway, somehow It's a small world Watch what you do.. ("It's a.. small world..") ("I'm going to see you again..  Uh-huh.. I'm going to see you again.. nigga..  Uh-huh.. going to see you again nigga.. yeah..") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Scarface Album: I Am Song: Favor for a Favor Typed by: EViLKHiD@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Scarface] Yo Nas.. I don't think they wanna FUCK with this Gangsta shit.. fo' sho' ("Danger.. danger..") Check it out It's on, and once again I bring niggaz the rough Fuckin with us, that get you motherfuckers touched Hit in the darkest alleys, where the super sports Rally Beatin up the block, leavin these motherfuckers shot They ain't ready for the Nakamici I flip this shit like I'm Kamaneze Now dey a motherfuckin see me They try to breeze me, but I got niggaz in New York  comin kama-kize, sparkin this shit that keep me off the heezee Jay-Hovah, he with my man came over to scoop me, blowin dukey, in the black Range Rover Nasir, tell these motherfuckers what we came for Tell these niggaz why we here [Nas] Nuttin but the New York to Texas connection Nuttin but some real shit, what y'all expected Spaz out, some times dreamin, think I'm awoke Harsh realities of life, hit me after I smoke Money satisfy half of my mood, then there's a part of me  that's distant, quiet, the most dangerous side of me I'm twisted like, Dr. Death, Kevorkian Flip shit, white gun handle, made of porcelain My, Houston niggaz, come through for niggaz Scarface get a call and we shootin niggaz Favor, for a favor, that's how we do business Tryin to make future figures, we two of the illest, what? Chorus: Nas You wet who I want wetted, I'll wet who you want wetted Any nigga can get it (a favor for a favor) * 3X * I'll wet who you want wetted, you wet who I want wetted Any nigga can get it [Scarface] You say you got a problem? Then tell a nigga where he at So I can study his motions and peel his motherfuckin cap Where his brother go to school at? Find out some more information  bout that bitch and hit a nigga right back Cause when it come down to the come down; I'ma pull the motherfuckin plug on him Walk up to his face and then gone Set a example, send these hoes a little message: They need to be more careful who they mess with, don't even stress it Leaded, I pull these capers all the time With the ugliest AK, I blow his motherfuckin mind Him and whoever standin by, I'll tell these niggaz, "Let's go" And then we fin' to ride, and he fin' to die He fin' to die, throwin up his own blood With a slug in his motherfuckin mug I do this outta love, cause your money ain't no good here Just consider that as favor, until I need a favor Chorus [Nas] A killer code, secret untold, how we bury beef with a rose To his wake we send a wreath that explodes Beneath us sleep with the Reaper, they sleep eyes closed That's how real Brad Jordan keep it, to him I owe Five fo-fo's ready, five masks, five machetes Attack em like Freddie, then we toastin over spaghetti I share withcha drama, you share with mine That's how we killin two birds at the same time Send my enemy's ear, I'll send your enemy's finger with a pinkie ring, that's just a present my nigga Either way the heat is grave, fuck with 'Face we bring war Either, you feel these bullets or the Texas chainsaw Not for popularity reasons, but for the love of the art And you my heart, I leave casualties bleedin Cause we keep it death for a death, life for a life Murder for a murder, and I got you it's vice versa Chorus (A favor for a favor) * 3X * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am Song: We Will Survive Typed by: xorcist@mindless.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Still somehow I believe, we always survive.. but why? [Nas] To my dogs.. wherever you are Whattup Big? You know shit is rough after you slid You in God's hands now, keep a place for me kid Ain't nuttin changed -- still _Party and Bullshit_ We used to +Fuck R&B Bitches+ and see who rhyme sickest For every hit you made, more rappers afraid to come out _Machine Gun Funk_, from Queens I came through to smoke blunts You came to my hood, we was broke I wonder if we stayed that way, would there have been gunsmoke? Still on the block around fiends numb from coke, I guess so Cause now with paper, shit is still ghetto But fuck it black, you livin your life, though your loved ones Peace to your daughter and your newborn son It used to be fun, makin records to see your response But, now competition is none, now that you're gone And these niggaz is wrong -- usin your name in vain And they claim to be New York's king? It ain't about that It's more serious, I plan to toast it up with you Joke with you, happy we on top, the most official Ain't too many real ones out there; I feel some  but doubt they're, capable, to take it where you took it to I missed your wake not cause I'm fake cause I hate to see somebody so great in that way I woulda stayed so long with so much to say I had to put it in writin to keep me and Brooklyn from fightin Tellin me to pay my respects and move to the side But I probably wouldn't have got off my knees to let people by You can't kill nothin that's _Ready to Die_ You was like God to us in the form of Allah 	Still somehow I believe, we always survive.. but why? [Nas] Still, we, will survive No matter what, my people just stay alive Still, we, will survive No matter what, my people just stay alive Thug Life never die.. Dear 'Pac, every thug sheds a tear drop -- and use teeth  to bite off beer tops, and _Pour Out a Lil' Liquor_ You was more than just the wildest nigga +2Pacalypse+, I understand your style nigga It's goin on the third year, since you've been gone On the East and West Coast the same shit is goin on The industry be talkin, offendin me often They don't believe you dead, wanna see you in your coffin I can relate, shootouts and court dates +All Eyez on You+, niggaz in your face invadin your space You asked if I could trade in your place, how would I hold up? How long would I ride, before I fold up? How did you know through your rhymes it was your time to go? You predicted it in every line, all in your flow There could _Never Be Peace_ I have to quote Can't believe I heard my name on "the realest shit you ever wrote" We had words cause the best supposed to clash at the top but kept it brotherly, when we seen each other and stopped in NYC, at MTV, people watched We was both deep, after you left, I got no sleep Think about how us real niggaz would be If we united, a nation of thugs, who could fight it? You was caught in a wild homicide, or were you crucified like the son of God, when Lucifer lied and make the world think, young blacks should be extinct? But Thug Life'll never die, we stay high and just link Will there ever be another MC as nice? Will you return to us like the resurrection of Christ? 	Still somehow I believe, we always survive.. but why? [Nas] Still, we, will survive No matter what, my people just stay alive Still, we, will survive No matter what, my people just stay alive I wonder what the Commodores went through on tour? Did Smokey Robinson, have to shoot his way out a war? What has Al Green seen, that made him religious? Was it the drugs -- put an end to the music business? If so, should I put out the indo right now and write down a plan and pursue my dream turn my life around Cause I'm bound for the movie screen, cuties that scream I'll need a extra Uzi riding through my own hood in Queens It be the ones you always knew, that want it on Tellin everybody it was him, that you fronted on Thought we walked a million miles it was just twenty Not used to walkin in the path of legit money I thought I made it but we only took baby steps Up the success ladder, where they pay me checks To my clicks when I got it I said "Baby bless" That was the 80's, but now look at this crazy mess We in the 90's, and finally it's lookin good Hip-hop took it to billions, I knew we would A lot of ups and downs in the game, could lose or gain a couple pounds tryin to maintain -- one day you here the next you not; when you around niggaz, check 'em out Some is bout it, most individuals plots and run the spots, some choose to stay to theyselves While others have no cares and stay in jail More than fifty percent of us endin up with holes through the chest through the head, through the gut it shows The future for us young shooters and old killers Who become rich as dope dealers? Nothing left for us but hoop dreams and hood tournaments Thug coaches with subs sittin on the bench; either that or rap We want the fast way outta this trap Whether it be 9 to 5 or slangin crack To my deceased Gods wishin I could bring you back But life is a dream and y'all taught me that 	.. always survive.. but why? [Nas] Always survive, always Still, we, will survive No matter what, my people just stay alive Still, we, will survive No matter what, my people just stay alive Still, we, will survive (no matter what) Still, we, will survive (no matter what) Still, we, will survive No matter what, my niggaz just stay alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am... Song: Ghetto Prisoners Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Uhh.. regulate nigga Bravehearts nigga Live for this Some of y'all don't live at all Get yours nigga Get yours baby Uhh, yo.. yo.. As the night close down on the Earth like gray dark rings Light of cities in the nights, destination for Kings with big dreams, like Castro, overthrew Bautista from Cuba, and pointed nukes toward the U.S. About to shoot us for revolution; that's how you gotta move A lot of rules, some locked in solitude Curse the day of they birth confused, who's to be praised? The mighty dollar -- or almighty Allah I'm like the farmer, plantin words, people are seeds My truth is the soil; help you grow like trees May the children come in all colors, change like leaves but hold before you, one of those, prophetic MC's with blunted flows, seven hundred souls in me Each channelin, from past to present times, heaven shines light on those, innocent to how the world grows Some men become murderers, and some girls become hoes And you accounted for, everything that you heard Do not speak to fools; they scorn the wisdom of your words My heart is wise, bloodshot eyes, the saga never dies Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners.. Yo we gotta be God's children, habitats in tall buildings Rats crawl in filthy hallways, incinerators Sinners who faithless, still there's hope, pray it's answered Dreams turned real - what's a wicked nation? One with blind men - not takin charge of the situation Empty arguments and real conversations needed The world'll need it, to hear it Evil tries to weaken my spirit - it's chronic herb This hurt come from the honest word I now try hardest to serve my maker, what I learned find it's way on the paper, so I could dictate it Articulate it, luckily - I was put on one of the ships that made it through strong currents and winds that left the others stranded to sink in the Atlantic Satan jigs the planet, not to get too religious, but who decides when and if your life is finished? If Christ is in this, for the sake of your name, oh Lord may we break away from the chains abroad Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners.. get up, wake up, rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners.. You wanna buy time? I'm the seller of minutes I give you every second low-priced, if I so lies; the truth is Time waits for none of you, in fact he can't wait for the date to snatch the ground right from under you Small visions of better life if cheddar was right lurk in the mind, of young ones ahead of they time Trapped in the slums, beggin for nuttin but takin Headed for nuttin but the state pen, where they cousins be waitin Judges is not relatin to pleas, guns bustin where the kids play Richochet off lamp poles and leave damp holes in bystanders, get cancelled, D.O.A. Around the way where we from Hope the future reduce the rate of those buried young Life is every man's kingdom, a dyin man's past and a newborn's, first time to be here at last And shouldn't have to grow up fast, and suffer our pain Hustlin harder than the generations here before he came Goin through the same bullshit as our fathers Readin history, but who's the authors? For some the game is easy, for most of us the game is much harder But never lose faith; through the years just get smarter Ghetto prisoners.. ghetto prisoners.. Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners.. get up, wake up, rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners rise rise rise Ghetto prisoners.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Aaliyah, Timbaland Album: I Am Song: You Won't See Me Tonight Typed by: OLSTANKBUT@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] + (Timbaland) (What?) Ever been in love? (C'mon) Yeah.. are you ready? (uhh) For somethin real? (Say what?) Cause it can't be fake This ain't no game (C'mon) You gotta be wit me, for real (uh-huh) cause it's real out here (uh-huh) So make up your mind, cause I ain't got no time  Y'know? (C'mon) [Nas] I'm the most wanted baby fathe, save the drama  We toast when I wine and dine ya -- all you need is me I won't stress you but bless you Mentally and sexual, we both intellectual Can't forget how I met you; you thought I was a boxer -- Prince Nasim but I'm the mobster -- Nas from Queens And when I gotcha - you ridin with me You keep askin, "When do you have time for me?" I'm never free always on the move, bidness oriented Lifestyle expensive, attract women  You wanna search my pockets, and act all wild  Say I hurt your heart - ask how could I smile? Wanna call back all my numbers - star 6-9 me Check my car for rubbers, but quit tryin before you find what you lookin for and get to cryin You always sayin what you gon' do if you catch me lyin Chorus One: Aaliyah + (Timbaland) + [Nas] You won't see me tonight [Yeah right] (Say what? Say what?) You won't see me tomorrow [uh-huh] (uh-huh) I'll be gone by daylight [Doubt that] (What?) And you'll be so full of sorrow [Yeah right] You'll go tell all your friends [That's right] (Say what?) how you called and I follow [They know it] But you won't see me tonight [You don't believe that] No you won't see me tomorrow [Nas] Caramel kisses of Jezebel's sister  I feel no guilt when I twist ya  Turn the other cheek when I see the next freak witcha You got your name on his lease, copy his key  That's your lil' spot where you rest your wig peice Go 'head and live baby, I know you his lady You page me, when you got the day free but I be out with my peeps in them system jeeps You wanna lay up in the sheets of presidential suites like I'll massage you while you massage me, mami But can you hang with a young man who's doin his thang? Speak up, I wanna know if you can keep up Timberland boots for girls, with the tree stump Baggy sweatsuits, mystery what's underneath them They for my eyes only, you call me when you lonely  but I like to make the baddest girls wait, I got G baby Interlude: Nas and Aaliyah ['Yah]	Call you on a Monday (Nas) 	I'll call you back baby  ['Yah]	Call you on a Tuesday (Nas)	My cell is off baby ['Yah]	Call you on a Wednesday (Nas)	I'm out of town baby ['Yah]	You won't be back til Thursday (Nas)	I'll page you back baby ['Yah]	Call you on a Monday (Nas) 	I'll call you back baby  ['Yah]	Call you on a Tuesday (Nas)	I'm out of town baby ['Yah]	Call you on a Wednesday (Nas)	My cell is off baby ['Yah]	You won't be back til Thursday (Nas)	I'll call you back baby Chorus Two: Aaliyah + (Timbaland) You won't see me tonight (Say what?) You won't see me tomorrow (Say what?) I'll be gone by daylight And you'll be so full of sorrow You'll go tell all your friends (What what?) how you called and I follow (Say what?) But you won't see me tonight No you won't see me tomorrow [Nas] Thinking of me you gettin the chills Like a rush through your body when you think how it feels Give me a call and my voice give you butterflies in your tummy Tell your friends you in love with Nas not his money And I'll prove I'm a man of my word - handed you furs Iceberg - everything on this planet Earth a woman desires You make a good wife to most men I know I got you open; but -- you just my close friend Get it baby? Chorus Three: Aaliyah + (Timbaland) + [Nas] You won't see me tonight (uh-huh) You won't see me tomorrow (Say what?) I'll be gone by daylight [Dayyyy-light] And you'll be so full of sorrow [.. Word?] You'll go tell all your friends [Tell your friends what?] (Say what?) how you called and I follow [Uhh, uhh] But you won't see me tonight [Not tonight baby] No you won't see me tomorrow [Nas] + (Aaliyah) The God, The God, The God, Nasir (You won't see me tonight) The Queen, The Queen, The Queen, Aaliyah (You won't see me tomorrow) Nah nah (I'll be gone by daylight) (And you'll be so full of sorrow) Uhh uhh (You'll go tell all your friends) Tell your friends (how you called and I followed) How you followed me (But you won't see me tonight) Not tonight baby (No you won't see me tomorrow) C'mon, c'mon c'mon Tomorrow, what? Daylight, ghost [Timbaland] + (Aaliyah) Say what, say what? Yo (You won't see me tonight) You won't see Timbaland tonight baby Ohhh, or Nas Esco', check it Let it ride Let it ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am Song: I Want to Talk to You Typed by: esco@arro.net [Chorus: repeat 2X] I wanna talk to the mayor, the governor, the motherfuckin president I wanna talk to the FBI, and the CIA, and the motherfuckin congressman [Nas] Step up to the White House let me in Whats my reason for being I'm ya next to kin And we built this motherfucker You wanna kill me because my hunger? Mr. America young black niggaz want ya I wanna talk to the man understand Understand this motherfuckin G-pack in my hand Look what happened to San Fran young girl hit by policeman Twelve shots up in her dome, damn Niggaz thought we slept but the architect sent The Pentagon's from Egypt, government secret The 99 to 2-G computer shutdown, what now Extension on Earth, human cutdown Niggaz play with PlayStations, they build a spacestations On Mars plottin civilizations Dissin us discriminatin different racisis Tax payers pay for more jail for black latin faces Chorus [Nas] I'm just a black man why y'all made it so hard damn Niggaz gotta go create their own job Mr. Mayor imagine if this was your backyard Mr. Governor imagine if it was your kids that starved  Imagine your kids gotta sling crack to survive Swing a mack to be live cart ack to get high It's the ghetto life yea I celebrate it I live it And all I got is what you left me with I'ma get it Now y'all combinin all the countries we goin do the same Combine all the cliques to make one gang It ain't all about a black and white thing It's to make the change, citizens of a higher plane [Nas] What y'all waitin for the world to blow up Before you hear this rewind this 4 minutes before we timeless Let y'all niggaz bang my shit before Saddam hits The Nastradamus tell us what time it is They try to buy us with doe Fake black leaders of puppets always talking bout the city budget The news got it all confused lyin to the public They eyes watchin stay wise move above it Water floods predicted hurricanes twisters Its all signs of the Armageddon three sixes People reverse the system politics verse religion Holy war muslim verse christians Niggaz in high places they don't have the balls for this People in power sit back and watch them slaughter us Mr. President I assume it was negligence The streets upside down, I'm here to represent this [Chorus] - 2X [Nas] Can I talk to you Mr. President Niggaz tryin to get with the computers We ain't John Henry Banging down machines and shit Part of establishment That's what we are steppin up for This shit is real Total Package in this nigga LES in this nigga Ill Will nigga Mr. President wanna keep us from establishment  Niggaz are american baby American Made The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am Song: Dr. Knockboot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Hell yeah Check it check it check, check check Yo, when it come to sex advice, I'm the one to call if you a virgin with blue balls or you tear down walls Not Dr. Ruth, call me Dr. Knockboot Pimped out hats, rock fashionable suits A class for the youth, Sex Ed for your head The do's and don'ts, that should happen in the bed First, DON'T: run up in her raw cause you get burned for sure, fuckin with the typical whore, because DO: rock a Rough Ryder, whenever you inside her Your local bodega is your supplier And DON'T: take the pussy, if she fightin Cause you saw what happened to Tupac and Mike Tyson 'Specially if you large, some hoes is trife Get you on a rape charge, have you servin your life Yo, DO: get a yes confirmation before penetration You wind up in a police station DON'T: get with no young bitch and hit it She PG-13, you rated R, she not permitted DO: check for ID, whenever chillin V.I.P.  with fly shorty P.Y.T. Yo, DON'T: lie about the cars you got  or who you hang with, frontin when you borrowed your watch Yo, DO: play your game right, if the G's tight then you can fuck shorty the same night Yo, DON'T: trick when you don't have to You think you ballin? You turn your back they laffin at you You don't gotta keep repeatin you a thug, she heard you In fact, she attracted to your man that herbed you DO: spend a lil' dough, only if you know the bitch gross a lil' somethin too bro DON'T: eat the pussy the first night Maker her bless you, we call that shit gesundheit DO: set the mood right, Bailey's with ice A cup of Thug Passion'll make everything right Yo, DON'T: pop shit like you Daddy Longdick when you come fast like Fed-Ex and bust too quick DO: hit positions she will find interest in DON'T: hit the pussy if that shit's blisterin Hope you're listenin, turn up your transisterin Hot 97, KISS-FM or B-L-S, with your hand up her dress Chillin with your girl while you thinkin bout ya ex Not too easy not too complex I break it down, how to adress, the opposite sex Problems or questions, I can answer them best Signin off Dr. Knockboot at your request, peace Rest havens Fuck y'all bitches Y'all niggaz get y'all shit tight Dr. Knockboot gotta come take y'all bitches from ya! AIGHT?! We out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ DMX Album: I Am... Song: Life is What You Make It Typed by: RADIO402@aol.com [Nas] Yo ill will, ruff ryders what what, sraight like that You a killer or a hustler, dealer or customer Gangsta or buster, youngster or old nigga A weed head, a coke sniffer You rich or a broke nigga Know you all relate to this shit that i wrote niggas Lots of my mans trapped up in a max Penatentary, sending me letters i answer back That eventually, we all be bentley'ed out Throwing campaigns, fuck it I'm running for White House My niggas control Senate, pipe seats jeeps tinted Mad Lewinsky chicks, some kinky shit Did dirt now I knew it would come back one day So I'm on point, scrap, prepare for gunplay Stared at one face, thought it was beef he looked familiar Ready to blast ,nigga gave me daps said I feel ya Can't believe how my life changed From the hood, the first time in my life I can say i did the right thing Chorus: 4x Life is what you make it nigga, I'ma make it No matter what it takes my nigga, we gonna take it(uh) [DMX] uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Everyday shit, around the way shit got me stressed (what) So i keep on the vest in case a nigga wanna test (uh) I got no time for games cause I'm all grown up You wanna joke nigga? laugh when you get blown up (come on) See how funny it is when your kids aint got no father Cause you played it sweet now you floating in the harbor (for real) Shit is hectic so respect it for your health (what) Didn't think it was right, you should've checked it yourself (come on) Life is too short to get caught up in some dumb shit Wake up one day, 40 years old on some bumb shit Time flew by, you was too fly to see the light Everyday it's getting darker then comes the night Now what? (what) realize that you ain't got shit (uh) Not long ago you was the man on some hot shit So just peep the flow yo, cause you already in this Make sure your shit is right kid and handle your business (uh huh) Chorus [Nas] Make history before you go Fuck the misery, you po we gettin doe Except the ?dollars? other reasons why I'm living yo (why?) Time is viable Low and behold the young, black, and powerful Got to eat yo, everyday my daughters feet grow You wack and cheap with the doe, my heat could blow Payin doctors when I'm born, a preacher when I'm buried That's why cash is needed for my kids to inherit Gotta pay just for living, tax life is a b'ness (business) If you catch a bad deal, watch your life deminish Deals made by God and the Devil, and we in it Pawns in the game, can't complain or say shit Just strap up and hold on, hope for the best prepare for the worse, no fears no nothing on earth No tears if I'm dumped in a hearse, I won't be the first Nor the last nigga, let's get this cash nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am... Song: Big Things Typed by: OZx666xPFX@aol.com (Verse 1) Get yours nigga Cuz Imma get mine In due time Everybody gotta shine Get yours, I spray nines I say this one time The last time, I swear to ya'll I'm from where The dope fiends is at And killas crawl And snitches call police All these niggas and street Corners everybody's like Smokin' marijuana and Snuffin' niggas in faces & startin' drama and Shootin' niggas in cold blood, just kill 'em, so what With the fo' pound go nuts Betta slow up Before you get your ass on up Nigga never gonna grow up Drinkin' the Henney But her know he gonna throw up Tryin' to make crack sales What it look like? The future for a black male Don't want to make my momma cry On a front page for a homicide Fly whips, all I wanted to drive Where chicks get blunted & ride Do 105 in the fast lane And a fast pace chasin' the papas Spendin' chips on big chains And the dimes that give brains That was a 80's and 90's thing Now I'm into big things (1st Chorus) I ain't fuck with you Now I'm into big things Gotta get my life together man Cuz now I'm into big things Nah, I ain't gonna rhyme wit you Cuz now I'm into big things You know I can't do that shit no more Now I'm into big things Nah, I can't fuck with you I'm into big things Nah, I ain't gonna stand on the corner I'm into big things Now the talk is small talk I'm into big things I'm into big things The big things The big things (Verse 2) When I started this All I wanted was cars and cribs Like other rap artists but Do I know where I'm goin' to? Can I forget when I came from? I be showin' you Another style Imma flow for you Can I make somethin' wild I can throw for you, flow for you Make it bi-coastal Take it to heights That some of ya'll can't come close to? Some of ya'll  Want to talk like hoes Worse than bitches And when ya'll niggas see me blow Bet it hurt like stitches No competition I stop and twist 'em Hit 'em like a mafia proposition I'm glad ya'll stopped and listen Thinkin' back to when I had not pot to piss in Look up at a nigga nod Rocks are glistenin' Can't stop my mission Make anotha LP drop I'm hittin' With the new shit exclusive No time to get caught up in a crime I ain't have shit to do with Used to chase the hoes Now I chase the dough Is ya'll bitches gonna help me get paper? No! (1st Chorus) (Verse 3) I go past ya'll Ya'll got the glass jar And when I hit it, admit it Ya'll on ya'll ass ya'll We on the same team You don't wanna pass the ball Chuck and gun up the dough You want to score But you really don't want to ball I put you on It was me that introduced you to wealth Crossin' me Is like shootin' yourself Wanna blow so fast now do it yourself You ain't shit now You was so ill, why you never came out Where ya clique now Where you sit now In the back seat Mad cuz I flip styles And I pack heat Make you run laps Like a pro athlete An' I done that >From my experiences I appear relentless Take more time Just to hear my sentence Imma tell you what's real An' what could stop you from makin' a mil You could prevent this When niggas don't see eye to eye to you Lie to you Wanna get high wit you Want to eat food off of your labor And take food off your table Cuz they don't see your vision Don't understand your mission Is to make history While you here How long you plan on livin' Not for forever At least to 140 Pray for me I'm tryin' to eat Like the niggas who bought Motown on Berry Gordy Good God (2nd Chorus) Nigga I'm tired of games I'm into big things Gotta get my life together man Cuz now I'm into big things Now the talk is small talk Cuz now I'm into big things I'm into big things The big things The big things Man we already did that Now I'm into big things No time to get sidetracked Now I'm into big things Get money now besides that Some more big things I'm into big things The big things The big things The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am Song: Nas is Like Typed by: MaltLikks@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash ("Nas is . . ." -Nas) 7x [Nas] Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's bein born Same time my man is murdered, the beginning and end As far as rap go, it's only natural, I explain My plateau, and also, what defines my name First it was Nasty, but times have changed Ask me now, I'm the artist, but hardcore, my science for pain I spent time in the game, kept my mind on fame Saw fiends shoot up, and do lines of cocaine Saw my close friends shot, flatline am I sane? That depends, carry Mac-10's to practice my aim On rooftops, tape cd covers to trees Line the barrel up with your weak picture then squeeze Street scriptures for lost souls, in the crossroads To the corner thugs hustlin for cars that cost dough To the big dogs livin large, takin it light Pushin big toys, gettin nice, enjoyin your life is what you make it, suicide, few try to take it Belt tied around they neck in jail cells naked Heaven and hell, rap legend, presence is felt And of course N - A - S are the letters that spell . . .  NAS, NAS Chorus: scratching by DJ Premier (2X) "Nas is like life or death.. I'm a rebel.. " "My poetry's deep, I never fell.." "Nas is like.. half man half amazing.." "No doubt.." [Nas] "Nas is like.." Earth Wind & Fire, rims and tires Bulletproof glass, inside is the realest driver Planets in orbit, line em up with the stars Tarot cards, you can see the pharaoh Nas "Nas is like.." Iron Mike, messiah type Before the Christ, after the death The last one left, let my cash invest in stock Came a along way from blastin, techs on blocks Went from Seiko to Rolex, ownin acres From the projects with no chips, to large cake dough Dimes, givin fellatio, siete zeros Bet my nine spit for the pesos But what's it all worth, can't take it when you under this Earth Rich men died and tried, but none of it worked They just rob your grave, I'd rather be alive and paid Before my number's called, history's made Some'll fall, but I rise, thug or die Makin choices, that determine my future under the sky To rob steal or kill, I'm wondering why It's a dirty game, is any man worthy of fame? Much to success to ya, even if you wish me the opposite Sooner or later we'll all see who the prophet is Chorus [Nas] "Nas is like.." Sex to a nympho, but nothin sweet I'm like beef, bustin heat through your windows I'm like a street sweeper, greenleaf reaper Like Greeks in Egypt, learnin somethin deep from they teachers I'm like crime, like your nine, your man you would die for Always got you, I'm like Pop Duke you would cry for I'm like a whole lot of loot, I'm like crisp money Corporate accounts from a rich company I'm like ecstasy for ladies, I'm like all races combined in one man; like the '99 summer jam Bulletproof Hummer man I'm like being locked down around new faces, and none of em fam' I'm the feelin of a millionaire spendin a hundred grand I'm a poor man's dream, a thug poet Live it, and I write down and I watch it blow up Y'all know what I'm like, y'all play it your system every night Now.. Chorus Artist: Nas Album: I Am Song: K-I-SS-I-N-G Typed by: esco@arro.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G  I remember the first time, girl you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G Girl picture us married, you and me; K-I-S-S-I-N-G  I remember the first time, girl you and me; F-U-C-K-I-N-G [Nas] She was the modern Isis, honey thought she was priceless Perfect definition what a wife is, I like this Showed me how excitin life is I used to hang around dudes that used ice picks The sheistiest, put you on they heist list How we met it must have been fate First date, crushed grapes, we ate lobster and steak She kept asking questions how the cash made how my rent's paid How many guns I sprayed and huns I laid She said she want to have a family raise kids someday Like out in Beverly Hills she wanna live one day I can get with that I drop you off home  I call you hit me back I wanna dig that and did I? I did that Put it way up where her ribs at, her future kids had You held out for two weeks, longer than these hoodrats You precious more precious than lost treasure Matter of fact I'm kinda hopin we can stay together [Nas] I see you dressed up in white face covered in vail Do I hear wedding bells? My dogs throwin rice And it's the day that your father give you away to a real man that gently put the ring on your hand  Do we vow to stay faithful? Do more than try to Now, look me in my eyes and say I do Drivin off in the Rolls Royce just married on the plates We can spend our honeymoon in the states You can throw your friend the bouquet Somethin in the back of my head say For us two, maybe cuz I love you Hug you squeeze you touch you tease you  As long as we together it's heaven for me to please you Won't stop til I tell you me to beautiful Deeper and harder love layin new with you Runnin my fingers through your hair it's like days can go by while I'm wit you and I won't even care, word [Nas] She been with young dudes, old guys, Hindus, pa-pi's Colombians who cut pies, but none of them can touch Nas Thug ones to those soft as baby shit She been with hoodlums and those who had crazy chips Til one day she decided to flip It was nuttin I can do about it, like she the boss and shit Started talkin this divorcin shit I gave her my half rib, half my crib, half my cake  Half my car, half my kids? Can't get that  Tried to swing on the God, had to dip that Yo, push her on the bed, lift her leg, had to rip that All she wanted was rough sex, with her slick ass Had to sit back, smoke a blunt and just look  With her fine-ass body and a damn good cook For some reason yo she had me stuck and I had her in my web too You my queen God bless you [Chorus 2X to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am Song: Money Is My Bitch Typed by: big_toney@hotmail.com (kissing) I love you so much, dont never leave me, I wont let you leave The ho turned me out, green eyes, had a crush on her Since 5 years old, met her, fell in love wit her I saved that ho cause she bring more hoes She major yo, the way she left them other dudes cold Heart-broken she walked right out of mad nigga's life So when I bagged her up right, I had to make her my wife And I aint gonna loose her like those other lames did I keep a stash safe kid, when I proposed it made her face big She keep me jigg, glorifying medallions Got me in clothes made by Italians, feed me lobster and scallions Watching her pile on my bed, her body feel stacked She been around for years, know the hustlers, pimps, and macks Bankers and diplomats She the scratch on my back Her c.r.e.a.m. I lust, now I got her I dont know how to act When she not around, Im heated, bout' to lay somethin' flat Know how to treat it, never take for granted, she got me trapped **Chorus** My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch Ohhh money, money, money, love her cause she keep a nigga rich Ohhh money you my honey, but I think she got me pussy whipped My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch Ohhh money, money, money, Yeah yeah that bitch treat me like a trick Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I cant be rich All the fun we have together, I keep you in my pocket Its so much of you I share you, and speak to you in private You got me karats on my wrist Im a savage for your kiss Embarrassed when Im not with you, Im off guard Niggas always expect to see us 2 together, stable The best couple they seen since Trump and Marla Maple Dont need no pre-nup,  Cause when we hump we do it up, make sure we both will bust a doller sign nut Before I got to know, my life I say was mediocre Break of day, slingin' all night long, fienin' to stroke ya Seeing niggas wit' you I wasn't happy Wanted to stick them up to get you, heard you calling for daddy And gladly I take you as my lawfully wedded wife Never divorce me, I promise to treat you right Keep you satisfied, never lie help you grow My legal tender, lovely federal reserve note **Chorus** My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch Ohhh money, money, money, love her cause she keep a nigga rich Ohhh money you my honey, but I think she got me pussy whipped My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch Ohhh money, money, money, Yeah that bitch treat me like a trick Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I cant be rich I wont sell my soul to you What do I owe to you My cars, my house, my flow to you Screw you Before you Real niggas said I was cool, now I got you The envy me cause I'm wit you You floss too much Turn niggas out, one touch For you, my guns bust You always said in GOD we trust Its hard enough to keep counting on you You cheat wit' government thugs, got the IRS pounding on you I think I like'd you better when you where illegal But you had to get professional Musical Now when we fuck we use profalactic, hard plastic Stick you in ATM's, limited cash quick Said you'd give me luxuary, when I asked it Fucking me, I gave you back shots in ya ASSets Promised happiness, but really did nothing for me I guess bitches like you just grow on trees **Chorus** My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch Ohhh money, money, money, love her cause she keep a nigga rich Ohhh money you my honey, but I think she got me pussy whipped My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch Ohhh money, money, money, Yeah that bitch treat me like a trick Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I cant be rich My money, money, money Ohhh money you my honey My money, money, money Ohhh money you my honey My money, money, money, my bitch is my money Ohhh money you my honey Money is my bitch My money, money, money, yeah that bitch treat me like a trick Ohhh money you my honey, she says without her I cant be rich The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: I Am... Song: Undying Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Uh.. Pacino life, G a roll, casino dice at the Mirage, Vegas strip, neon lights Gamblers, puffin cigars, couples and stars Flashin cameras, dealers, shufflin cards Spent the weekend, already miss New York and it's odd cause I'm the first to say it got too many hustlers who rob I never hang out, when we do we bust the four-five cause shells comin back at us while we jump in the ride Flyin, duckin, our bitches in the club cluckin Tellin my wife who I was dancin with like I was fuckin Flew back, Monday evening from Nevada where the sun was beamin to the concrete jungle of cement Limousine's from LaGuardia airport, sleepin Told my dogs peace, kept in movin, I was beat when got to my crib, where the hell my keys went? Ringin the bell, heard a yell but wasn't sure Dropped my luggage to the ground, put my ear to the door Slow music, H-Town, no that's down low My baby's, drop Mercedes is parked, I creep around yo to the back, she must be inside and can't hear Probably upstairs, in the mirror, doin her hair I walked in through the back door entrance Shocked it was unlocked, when I walked in, I smelled incense chased by a weed aroma, empty Guinnesses and lipstick marks on like three empty Coronas A pair of blue jeans on the carpet; size 12 Timberlands Somethin swingin on the ceilin fan, I stopped it Swingin slower and slower.. On the last swing I saw it was a G-string and heard laughin Thought about my nine-side Glock but somethin made me disregard it Started my way up to where the noise and music was at Froze, I couldn't react Bedroom door opened a crack, seen wifey layin with some nigga mumblin shit, he had one hand on her ass and she was rubbin his dick, toastin wine glasses Cherry scented candles was lit, couldn't handle the shit Searchin for words I found none, without a sound I left the house with a sick smile and took my gun Now I'm out buggin, whylin, what I'm gon do? Call my man Horse, meet me outside, I'm comin through 	{Nas singing} 	I thought you loved me 	I thought you cared for me 	I thought you needed me 	Did you believe in me? * repeat 2X * [Nas] Got up with Horse, showed a look on my face was mad lost I ain't know whether to cry or just, try to laugh it off "Son you home early -- your wife chewed you out that quick?" I said, "Nah," showed him the plastic with nine in the clip Hopped in the whip, popped in the disc, pressed play To the Grand Central, from the Van Wyck Expressway I said, "Bet you'll never guess in a million years what I just saw happenin -- and probably still is Snuck in my crib - some nigga fuckin my wiz I saw dem, they ain't see me, I ducked and I slid I'ma grab shorty, I need you to grab the nigga for me" Just when I thought I found love, she shitted on me Shopped in Vegas, a present, for our engagement 20 G's on a ring I would have hit her today with My surprise couldn't match the one she had for me We pulled up, he was walkin out the house backwardly Parked in the back of my house, they couldn't see us Ran to the side of my house, cocked the heater Walked to the front when I talked he had jumped Bitch tried to slam the door shut, got caught in Horse foot Shot the Spanish kid in the rib, drug him in Grabbed her face, say goodbye to your undercover friend One between the eye, she's died, by mistake Must've held the gat too tight, pointed at her face Heard somebody knock -- Horse helped me hide the bodies Heard si-rens, I guess we goin out we out like kamikazes We surrounded, red lights flashin, who's inside? Came out a bullhorn, I'm contemplatin suicide Horse asked me for the Mac, he gave me dap, one love Cocked the strap, then he ran out the back Mad shots couldn't tell what was goin on Sat on the floor near my dead girl, put her in my arms Pulled her ring out my pocket I was savin Put it on her ring finger cocked the glock, and started prayin to Muhammad and Allah, the most beneficial through you, all things are possible, I know you're listenin I never meant for this to happen, I never dreamed this'd be my fate, such a grotesque, murder scene On that note, same time, the cops busted in Kissed my lady, her blood on my lips, I said "Amen" Put the nine to my head, pulled the hammer, held her close Squeeze the toast, said to her, "Now unto God, we elope" .. we elope .. ** cop says "stupid fucking niggers" as he walks in ** The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Nas f/) Nature Album: I Am * Song: Nature Shines Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com * bonus track on cassette version only [Nature] Queensbridge, 41st side Yo yo yo I gots no birth records, no next of kin Know a lot of mothafuckers, got no best friends Know the weather checkin ten-ten winds a.m. First and fifteenth I'm layin at the check cashing Think I'm playin, blink and I'm sprayin Wrong move, ask yourself what leg you wanna lose cuz you gon' lose I cripple niggas, from the complex to simple niggas Keep showin y'all what difficult is Half the world sayin "Dunn" but never been to the Bridge What type of shit is that, fraudulence, what's the cause of it Nature came threw erasing all of it, stop the presses Goofy niggas ask a lot of questions I repeat this is not a question If you don't reply quick enough I gotta press em Keep the glock by the intestines, .38 waist Wit a belt, regardless of your stats you can catch a shell Believe me when I tell you this (Believe me when I tell you this) There's nuttin y'all can do for me (There's nuttin y'all can do for me) I don't believe in selfishness, this time I want my crew to eat (My crew) We comin through a hundred strong (Comin through a hundred strong) We comin wit a hundred miles (A hundred miles) Bumpin shit all summer long (Bump that) We want it dead and want it now (We want it now) Yo aiyyo I rap for my niggas and rap for the hoes Rap when I'm gettin dressed, when I iron my clothes Depressed, I kick raps that change your whole mood And somehow stick to your ribs like soul food Rap for wheelchairs, rap for canes Ace bandages and niggas wit sprain, stay limpin in pain I rap for math, english, even rap for science Gotta try to laugh, keep myself from cryin I rap for Giants, the Jets, the Yankees, the Mets It's New York New York, from Clue to Flex New cassettes stay poppin up, your boo let me throw my cock in her Rappin got me two proper nuts It's crazy, I even rap for high school coach White folks fiend out like in Michael Doates Creamed out, dope stashin For those askin, I flow for TV, HBO and closed caption Chorus Aiyyo aiyyo aiyyo aiyyo Don't go to Texas, don't go to Watts Don't go to Queensbridge, nigga don't go to cops Don't snitch when you're gettin bagged In the penns, don't bitch when you gettin stabbed Just hold that, I pose for Kodak's, rose to stardom Hoes in Harvard, sophmores get knocked off, nigga watch yours I watch the game like it's Saint John's It ain't wrong, take a blank piece of paper, a pen paint songs Type colorful, writin that shit a thug'll do In the heat of the moment, type to make a sudden move Some'll snooze, some'll snore, they won't admit that dunn is pure Once I quit, niggas wanted more Cop my shit once it come in store The first week be at the top of the charts, got it jumpin off Hot verses wit a hundred thoughts One theme, gettin caught in my zone you'll become a corpse Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Bravehearts Album: I Am... (Cassette Tape Only) Song: Pray Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com [Nas] "What we need to be thinkin' about is the future!  We don't know what's in store tomorrow!  All we can do is just guess! We want the best for tomorrow;  for our family, for our children, for our future  but if we don't get up andact like we want it,  we gotta pray to somebody! We ain't to tough to pray!  You walkin' around like a gangsta, gangstas pray! Thugs pray!  Tell me somethin'; if you ain't prayin', where would y'all be today?  Where would y'all momma be today? How would you be here?  Somebody prayin' for you, nigga!" [Horse] I never thought bein' a man you could hang in the end Facin' life with no parol and consecut' sentencin' Got people witnessin', your co-defendent snitchin', your back against the wall, your left eye is twitchin' Loyal ladies usual, a D-and A's the mutual Scared to face the light of a courtroom site Racist cops on each side 'cause the know I just might make a break for the door but I give it my all If I die in this struggle, give my momma a call 'cause she always left these jewels: what goes up must fall Since I fell dead broke, landed in jail Refused to face the facts, how wifey skipped to town with the bail I'm on my own now, V8, far away from home now Palmer wealth state, the law changes each date Secret inditements got me knocked, there ain't no price I can pay to get me the fuck up out this shit, so to Allah I pray for forgiveness - Yes, I sinned and I need to be held and jail ain't no place a black man wanna be killed Amen I only pray when shit is fucked up! I only pray when my life is lookin' bad luck! I only pray when I'm in mothafuckin' handcuffs! Callin' out for someone, somewhere! Is there anybody out there? [Wiz] I look up at the sky, why do young niggas die? Felt the stray hit me, somebody stay with me Fallin' to the ground with the sound of a four-pound near me Bitches screamin', wish I was dreamin' I fought a thousand gun fights, near one bullet skipped me on the morning run to get my little sisters Rice Krispies Played the numbers knowin' that I got my lucky dice wit' me See some niggas I know I can roll - Uh, uh! Get them bitches, left all of them broke, left what they smoke Hoes yellin', 'Watch ya back!' But before I could turn around, before I could I react, blaow! Blaow! Blaow! Would you look at me now? Is this blood that I feel as I fell to the ground? Feel like a head shot but maybe just grazed my temple Niggas diggin' in my pockets, sayin' I just rolled a pimple Yo, my mouth was movin' but it was nothin' I was sayin' Only if they knew deep inside my mind, I was prayin' Amen I only pray when shit is fucked up! I only pray when my life is lookin' bad luck! I only pray when I need his help the most, what?! Callin' out to someone, somewhere! Yo, is anybody out there? [Jungle] Ain't nothin' stoppin' me - Untouchable - Hoes, I fucked a few Style like The Greatest, Ali - Check what the knuckle do Rock bubblegoose to mink, big links, yellow ice, live the ghetto life, 'fuck y'all think? Bravehearted; fuck around, get graveyarded Dearly departed - The word on the street, I'm a target I ain't runnin', I ain't hidin', I'm ridin' I be gunnin', y'all be duckin' and divin' when I come through buckin' this four-fivin' Revenge you sayin' you gettin' but shit is gettin' too wild, this lifestyle of sprayin' weapons so I check out the preacher - Life is off the meter Thoughts of homicide, tryin' to dodge the reaper Confessions in a church 'cause it hurts, behind a curtain Nigga talkin' to me, but I ain't certain Voice sound familiar so I pulled the shade back It was this stupid nigga that I popped way back He set me up, he just got to the preist I tried to reach but he had his heat pointed my way and said, 'Pray' [Nas] "You've got to pray, huh! I mean pray, pray,  and when you pray, you got to look up to the lord, huh!  You got to look up and you got to pray for your children, huh!  You got to pray for that man in front of the liquor store, huh!  You got to pray for that man on the corner! He know he doin' wrong,  but somebody gotta pray for him, huh! You know we doin' wrong,  but we gotta pray for ourselves! You know we are headin'  to this new millennium, goddamnit! They say a comet is comin'  to this world by the year two-thousand, I say it's God! It's up to you  to pray to that higher power higher than yourself and humble yourself  and, and, and beg for forgiveness 'cause it comes back to you!  A man told me that while he was in jail, all he did was pray.  All he did was stay in his jail cell and pray to God..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Nas f/) Jessica Care Moore, Rich Nice Album: Nastradamus Song: The Prediction Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Rich Nice] What's happenin brothers and sisters? Welcome to our time [Jessica Care Moore] Afro-Angels hide my weapons in tangles Black Star Spangled, fragile like hematite with the East oils I write Despite the lack of sunlight, got my battle boots tight Now that the government's gone, can't tell your left from your right Winged assassins laughin while the New World's collapsin Mother Earth's ribs crashed in, armed with cowries, I'm blastin As the Earth rebels my womb swells The birth of Black Magic, savin my people force of habit You can't find if you ain't never had it Spiritually crafted black-listed hair-twisted ghetto embargo lifted Power-shiftin comb-fistin I predict Goddesses you runnin after witches I kiss my fourteen stitches Keep all my baby girl wishes I predict all the oceans turn dry Not one baby girl will cry as you attempt to grow broccoli from the desert We will take our pregnant bodies, drink from underground rivers Wash your face between our legs While recreating humanity, we will summon yemanja Search for our fertility, ban all pink and yellow pills Ban all pink and yellow pills I predict killing fields of ghetto armpatch anti-Hatch Hate groups will be bombed Childbirth becomes outlawed Always will be branded numbered and logged All paper money is gone Confused scholars can interpret our scrolls Your sky has holes We know the young is old Nastradamus tell us how the story gets told The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: Life We Chose Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] To my niggaz.. huh.. We all we got.. Let's hold it down though, y'know? However it's gon' go down This what we gotta deal with, y'know? Yo.. Chorus: Nas It's the life we chose, where friends become foes and the dough'll get you killed quicker than you know This is the life we chose, bring fake snakes and hoes and the only way out, is death or goin broke This the life we chose, ain't too many happy endings That's why there ain't too many happy niggaz in it And I'll admit it, this life is fucked up but yo.. (but yo..) this life is the only life I know {*echoes} [Nas] Uhh, uhh, uhh Gold bathtubs, makin love to my Queen Get my back rubbed, Chardonnay, rollin up green Statues, marble floors, rare paintings on my wall My lifestyle's like the Forbes Magazine Closets, full of rockets and submachines Take this nigga out the projects, and his thug team Yo we cruise past street lights, ill rides Mr. Child both coasts with the most loud toast Calicos roast y'all folks, keep y'all dyin Cause it's hard to fuck around when we dealin with science My enemies got money, so y'all should watch how I play it They never know we enemies until they hear me say it Til they kid's on the phone sayin, "Please daddy pay it" Til they brain's on the floor, mixed on the pavement High-class elegance, you respect or you hiss You go against you'd rather piss on an electrical fence It's strategic, how these niggaz want you to think You'd be surprised, who'd be the one to put you to sleep Why you stink? Yo these streets don't allow you to blink You get showered by lead, comin out with your mink Bow ties and tuxedos, bust Eagles Dump drugs and acid, then they rush with the Rico It's hard fuckin with niggaz you hope you can trust You a fool if your main bitch is easy to fuck And you've got money - is these hoes greedy or what? Shit is devious, ex-friends wantin you stuck Chorus [Nas] Uhh, what's love when you don't give your man enough dough? He wanna stick you What's love, you got beef? Nobody rollin wit you What's love, you locked up, and your family don't care Is love a four-letter word, that deceives the air? What's real, when you know your man's girl is a hoe And you don't even let him know, cause you fucked her befo' What's real, when you talk behind a man's back then you see him and give him dap, now explain that? What's trust, when they seperate your case When you at your court date, your co-de', can't look in your face What's trust, when you keep your wife away from your man? And he never crossed you, but you claimin he's fam'? What's trust, when you get bust, your niggaz don't retaliate? They blaze purple haze with em the next day? God forbid one of my niggaz get hit, I'ma go haywire Won't hesitate, I'ma spray fire But everybody's different, you won't know how you react til you in that position, and that's an actual fact The hearts of men change as time goes on, who's wrong? You was hungry when you stuck Duke, he came back to buck you Who's wrong? Foul all your life, now you 90 On your deathbed you regret bein grimy What's lust, a bust nut? What's a thug? A ghetto child raised around drugs, til he's old enough to bust slugs? Then what's jail, to rehabilitate, or to make a nigga worse when he come home to catch another case? Life's about decisions, you choose it, you gotta live it You did it, heaven or hell or prison Who knows when your clock'll stop tickin, get your weight up Save up before it's over neighbor, I told ya You gettin older player, look at those who gave up Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: Nastradamus Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Nas] Uh, 2000 G Yo, I need an encore y'all, you should welcome me back You wanna ball till you fall, I can help you with that You want beef? I could let a slug melt in your hat Cuz I'm a wild barbarian, too hard, I'm scarin' 'em Century 21 solar eclipse  While you listenin' to the words that I wrote on the disc Thelonius, my description is do-rags, pants sag down to my feet AK is my heat, everyday in the street till I lay six feet QB, PJs, and we playin' for keeps Jewelry, cars and Jeeps is my motto Four-fives with the hollows, silencers on the nozzles Pop bottles with those who left here The best years, wearin a bulletproof vest years The aim for the head and chest years What's your name? Make your name known For the next year's, better rep, yeah 1-	Nasty, Nas the Esco to Escobar  	Now he is Nastrodamus 	Nasty, Nas the Esco to Escobar  	Now he is Nastrodamus 	Nasty, Nas the Esco to Escobar  	Now he is Nastrodamus 	Nasty, Nas the Esco to Escobar  	Now he is Nastrodamus I let y'all niggas bang my shit before Saddam hits The Nastrodamus tell us what time it is I was the first one on that Don shit First nigga to sing a hook on some TJ Swan shit Black ski masks up in the projects, camoulflage, full clips Run up in your crib, tie up your bitch Weigh the bricks and we loco, so broke, brown coke won't sell Spendin' your money on weed, smoke and hotels Hood rats and bullet wound up females Got babies by hustlers and niggaz in jail Slingin for chips and fiends with burnt finger tips Base heads, killed cab drivers just for a hit A week later, sportin' Gators, gettin' thrills  Our honies wearin' Gucci high heels She come to scoop me, I chill Leave streets alone for a sec Hit the sky bar, sunset, and the sex is so high-tech Uh Repeat 1 Now, lounge homeboy, you in the Godly zone Rest in peace, Ill Will, now your name's in the throne We gon' rep it the best that we can Physically, you was killed by the weapons of man But where you at now, you lamp laid in Mac's now Where Bravehearts put they rap down in honor of your name, you a legend And they don't understand how you see over from heaven But that's another level, brethren Tow G's, we got the type fam with Mac 11's We do squeeze, thought it's not right But that's the zone that we left in Bentleys, Porches, DRJ watches Sick with the bread, Lamborghini trucks topless Laptops with 100 gigabytes, ninja bikes And we all roll dice, for each other's ice And how does one guy multiply to more than five wise guys? But only one man, only the mind's eyes, can understand that I'm... Repeat 1 Ill Will Nastrodamus New LP for the 2G Uh Bravehearts Nation Big Things Lucciano Oh, the Lord again M-O-B-B Deep Zaire Jungle Raise hope The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: Some of Us Have Angels Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Nas (repeat 2X) Some of us have angels -- the kingdom, the power Some of us have angels -- the power, the glory Some of us have demons -- greed, and lust Some of us have demons -- lust, temptation [Nas] Now this is you, dressed in all black, fatigue hat, ready for combat A good nigga, you don't leave tracks A hood nigga wantin G-stacks, do what you gotta do to get that You feel you need that, where the jooks at? These are your niggaz, creepin they be leavin niggaz sleep witchu Loc' style, quiet no smile, it's the official Sometime they grimy, speakin on they own people They snake you if they have to, raised tattoos Now these are your bitches, phonin lonely homey chickens All the homies stick em, you think you own em man listen She stab you in your sleep with a knife from out the kitchen Put a root on you, next week they find you missin Dead in your Expedition in the forest, fell off the cliff and tumbled til you blew up, Feds told her and she threw up Fake bitches, actresses, wicked witch practices Two sides of us, negative or positive Chorus [Nas] Now this is your mom, your good luck charm Pushin you to do no wrong, prayin for you that you live long Nobody kill my baby, but she know her baby crazy In and out of jail, mom's screamin, "God take me!" This is your pop, chip off the old block that made him The man of the house, mom and pops seperatin Spittin image of a gangster the way pop walked the way pop talked, got older and you thanked him now This is your hood, poor folks drugs and robberies Turnin into the things moms wanted you not to be Crime followin the wrong dudes who have no values Life's cheap as the dime in the minds of those around you This is the test, the stress, the conflict the ups and downs of niggaz around you make threats They tell you keep it gangster, no matter the predicament Even though your decision won't help you benefit Chorus [Nas] Now once again this is you, entertainin your desires Bitches money and guns, aimin and you fire Everyday is grief, if it ain't beef, it's feedin your seed Tryin to eat? You form material needs The weed make your brain sizzle, a pistol make it cool off by stickin up niggaz, make them take they jewels off His reputation is, bigger than his whole life span He never planned to fail, he just failed to plan What does it take to realize, Satan's alive, he whispers And any chance he get, he can take niggaz He comes in all shapes and sizes, his best disguise is when he stand beside us, but God is inside us, within me You are your worst enemy - my mom's words echo in my head And if I let go I'm dead He stepped at my door, the ? motivate my spirit And now the body experience, so now I feel it Lookin at my blessings, the bullets - that missed me coulda hit me Them court cases coulda put me in the penitentiary I never hate, that's just wasted energy The past is gone, the present's a gift, so what's the mystery? The future - and time only reveals, what fear is False expectations, appearin real We only human, love thy neighbor, so I was told and I will til permanently, my eyes are closed Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Ron Isley Album: Nastradamus Song: Project Window Typed by: tweetoo@hotmail.com Black hoods, cops 'n projects sewers flooded with foul blockage The gutter's wild and every child watches Chains in top locks get ripped off hinges doors kicked off, drunks stag off smirnoff, wipe your beard off Crippled dope fiends in wheelchairs stare vision blurry, cus buried deep in they mind are hidden stories Bet he's a mirror image of that 70's era He's finished for the rest of his life, 'til he fades out The liquor store workers miss him but then it plays out so many ways out the hood but no signs say out Mental slavehouse where gats go off, I show off niggas up north, prison-ology talk, till they time cut off You should chill if you short, prepare deep thought to hit the street again, get it on, get this paper and breathe again Plan to leave somethin' behind so your name'll live on, no matter what the game lives on Lookin' out of my project window Oh, I feel uninspired Lookin' out of my project window Oh, it makes me feel, so tired Yo, if this piano's the cake then my words are the candles Light it up, make a wish, and them angels will grant you Impatient once tried, but in those angels and bamboo they lit it up, *puff* *puff*, hit it up, *puff* Now they dismantled, think the whole world is crazy, got a 9 watch where you walk, 2 dollar fine, sign of the times here in New York Hire Satan, United Nations quietly taken, toll on your soul take it or leave it, just my evaluation Stack loot and guns, teach the girls karate, school your sons not to hate but to stay awake, cus the scars a razor make is nothin' in comparison to the gas left on this whole mass, if we don't get it controlled fast might as well be, laughin' with Malcolm X's assassin as we die slow perishin', brain dead from a Erickson Words are the medicine, two teaspoons for goons a cup of it for those thuggin' it, y'all sing the tune Another day, another dollar, my mother will holla She said "go and see the world for myself, and my brother Shafala" Pops was smooth, from his top to his shoes Sang the blues, guitar strings he played smokin' his Kool Duke Ellington hat, picture this yo, seventies cat He wrote his music in the back of the crib, I did my homework At night the windows were speakers, pumpin' life out a fight, people screamin' cus somebody pulled a knife out So I look at this room, I'm hooked to this tune every night the same melody, hell sounded so heavenly But jail was ahead of me, speeding like amphetamine Reading's what I should've done, cus my imagination would run I was impatient to get out and become part of the noise out there I used to stare, five stories down, basketball courts, shot up playgrounds and I witnessed the murders and police shake-downs Yo, the hustlas and hoes, drugs and fo-fos This was the life of every kid, lookin' out project windows Oh, outta my window Lookin' out of my project window Oh, it makes me feel, so tired Lookin' out of my project window Oh, I feel uninspired Lookin' out of my project window Oh, it makes me feel, so tired Lookin' out of my project window Oh, I feel uninspired Starin out of, of my window Oh I, feel so tired Oh yeah, outta my window Oh, lookin' out, lookin' out Lookin' out my window, oh yeah Makes me, feel so tired Outta my window, out my project window Lord I feel, uninspired The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: Come Get Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	And as a special treat this evening 	I have asked America's foremost young poet 	to read his latest poem for us {*scratching by DJ Premier: "ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "Everybody watch him" 	"ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "We-we-we came a long way" 	"ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "Everybody watch him" 	"ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"*} [Nas] Yo.. Yo.. yo.. Power and crime, the thugs slingin powder and dimes Twenties of D, is yo' niggaz wilder than mine? My niggaz bust nines, puff lye and stick up cowards for they shine, you resist, then you push up flowers I'm like Luca Brasi, Vito's best hit-man That's "Godfather" shit, back seat, next lit plans Revolvers spit, I'm too tough to bargain with And you don't want the God to pull up the cars that's sick Arms and wrists is lit up, Queensbridge Kings Plaques awards applause when I do my thing Streets is black as midnight, the concrete gray with stains of blood and germ and piss all day Come on the ave, get sized up, plus appraised Duck and pray that my guns dont' bust your way Niggaz with names, livin off reputation Sometimes gotta remind you ain't nothin changin {*scratching by DJ Premier: "ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "Everybody watch him"} Chorus: Nas (repeat 2X) If you ill come get me, cause I ain't runnin If your gun's off the hook then we'll both be gunnin Come get me if you real, cause I ain't scared It's all fair in love and war 1 -	and I'm well prepared 2 -	we can take it there [Nas] You don't like me clown? Now you wanna take me down? If I bring my face around, you gon' do what? You butt Your crew knew I blew up, I been shinin - baseball diamonds Dick rings for your chicklings Niggaz know what my nine pearl handle's about Fuck you say girlie mouth? Get it krunk like the Dirty South And I know you see me flossed out, multi-milli-i Hear your bitch talk about me, you give her the cold eye? Girls dig you, imagine what she feel for me? You make hot songs, but she know you steal from me Who ill as me? I wild on haters in album three Next level - I take y'all niggaz to 3-D Can't find a nigga shook from Queens I'll be with the most grimy killers  (what nigga) and they all look clean who put bombs underneath cars, if you want beef then start Your next stop is to the graveyard Chorus [Nas] You too feminine to kill again, jail got you soft You talk but you scared to go back up North Keep your face twisted, but you don't really want nuttin Talk a bunch of shit motherfucker and stop frontin You don't wanna flip again, and sell drugs again Be on the run again, catch you at the Comfort Inn Shoot up your door, bust in on you and your whore Put y'all in bags, clean the blood off of the floor So play tough, I want y'all to get out of line I got nines, every color shape and design I sent killers every race to put one in your spine Two in your ear, get your crew, who do I fear? Nobody never get involved and none of em dyin I think like you do, roll with about two irons Catch me flyin, high in the aircraft winin - and dinin, you die, then we laugh, you bitch-ass ?? to gauze up, your stab wounds While I'm gettin head, in a Lear jet, bathroom With all my goons, all my ice, and suitcases full of paper, not money it's bank statements The Illmatic that explains how we rock Yachts and co-ops, we buy the hood and sell you a block Chorus {*scratching by DJ Premier: "ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "Everybody watch him" 	"ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "We-we-we came a long way" 	"ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"  "Everybody watch him" 	"ladies and gentlemen.."  "Na-Na-Na-Nastradamus"*} {*scratching by DJ Premier: "ladies and gentlemen.."} {*scratching by DJ Premier: "ladies and gentlemen.."} 		{"Hydro Drops" weed skit follows} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: Shoot 'Em Up Typed by: ibjiggie@aol.com [Nas]  One 44, two 45's 3 loaded clips, 4 niggas roll, one nigga drives 500 Benz, 6 reasons why  This kid should die We shootin every motherfucker outside Pulled on his block, jumped out the car, guns in our hand At the same time everybody ran There that nigga go, hiding in the crowd Let the trigger blow, 7 shots now he lying on the ground Blood on the floor Then we shot some more  Niggas he was with 2 niggas hit, one nigga fell One tryed to run, go get him son  Make sure he's done before we bail, i aint trying to goto jail Must handle beef, code of the street  Load up the heat, if these nigga think they could fuck around Real niggas do real things By all means, niggas knowin how we get down.. It goes...... Chorus (3X) Shoot 'em up, just shoot 'em up, what.. (whispering)  Kill kill kill, murder murder murder [Nas] Driving through roads, Suburban Chevrolet 6 tinted windows, and I'm on my way To get up with my hoes, I pull up to they house Not a freak to be heard, nobody came out Ringin the bell, where in the hell Could they be at, I'm about to leave Steppin' slow, where my truck was at Who the fuck is that? Could it be a jack? Now pull my strap, it's my man And we have the same plan There them bitches go Civic '94, looking funny though  Open up the car door, funny smile Fuck 2 already, 3rd ass was heavy  "Nas this is Sherri, Sherri this is Nas, and his man. Ready?" Walked in the house, snatched off they clothes  Ran through them hoes  Plenty ice, that they all seemed to like Can't find my man, heard a blam blam Now I'm wonderin, "In this scam, do I even stand a chance?" He killed the hoes, took all they doe Fire in his eyes, higher than the sky Comin down the stairs Now he wantin mine, reachin for my nine  Aiming with our guns at each others face, at the same time my nine on his lips, his fifth on my chin, I start whispering  "Put your gun down, we can skip town" Rocked him to sleep, pushed back his meat Lift off his chain Took his shit, emptied out close range... Chorus (4X) (3rd time there is no whispering of:  "kill kill kill, murder murder muder.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Nashawn, Millennium Thug Album: Nastradamus Song: Last Words Typed by: NasOnTour@aol.com [Nas] These are last words of a hanging slave How could I forget this I rob you put you on my hit list Under my nails are dirty look at the grime My burnt lips from the roach clips How can I shine Being broker than a dope bitch Powerful mind we brave men I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin [Nashawn] These are last words of a hanging slave How can I forget this I rob you put you on my hit list Under my nails is dirty look at the grime My burnt lips from the roach clips How can I shine Being broke and bag a dope bitch Powerful minds we brave men I'ma blow smoke and keep sayin I wanna be more than that bullet that go through ya zone Wanna be the lead that tear through ya skin and crack bones Wanna be the heat you feel makin ya moan Wanna be the hospital bed that you lay on Wanna be the god you feel when you pray-on It's Nashawn the type that get the hyper-con I'm gonna kill something  Rap cats be real frontin Fuck shootin legs Cock back put his brains on the pave Nigga how bout that Close range with the gadge get payed First rapper to shoot off stage Turn the front page the next day my life is like a book A twenty four hour song without no hook Millennium Thug computer chips up in my slug Turn quarters when you turn quarters know who to plug Thugs around me outside its grimmy outside Better slide before you get bodied outside (Chorus) [Nas]  These are last words of a hanging slave How could I forget this I rob you put you on my hit list Under my nails are dirty look at the grime My burnt lips from the roach clips How can I shine Being broke and bag a dope bitch Powerful mind we brave men I blow smoke and I'ma keep sayin [Nashawn] These are last words of a hanging slave How could I forget this I rob you put you on my hit list Under my nails is dirty look at the grime My burnt lips from the roach clips How can I shine Being broke and bag a dope bitch Powerful minds we brave men I blow smoke and keep sayin [Nas] I'ma prison cell six by nine Livin hell stone wall metal bars for the gods in jail My nickname the can, the slammer, the big house I'm the place many fear cause there's no way out I take the sun away put misery instead When you wit me most folks consider you dead I saw too many inmates fallin apart Call for the guards to let them out at night when it's dark Convicts think they alone but if they listen close They can hear me groan touch the wall feel my pulse All the pictures you put up is stuck to my skin I hear ya prayers (even when ya whisperin) I make it hotter in the summer colder in the winter If the court paroal ya then another con enters No remorse for your tears I seen em too often When you cry I make you feel alive inside a coffin Watch you when you eat play with you mind when you sleep Make you dream that you free then make you wake up to me Face to face with a cage no matter your age I can shatter you turn you into a savage in rage Change ya life that's if you get a chance to get out Cause only you and I know what sufferings about Yo it's stunning when bed sheets become your woman And I'm the one that gotcha weapons when the beef is comming Maybe one day I'll open up my arms to release you You'll always be my property nigga stay legal (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Mobb Deep Album: Nastradamus Song: Family Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Havoc] Yo.. Dunn you fam to me, and only family that can get that close to me Keep it type strong Blowin green that's keepin us goin Allah Havoc gettin right, on them 747 Dunn you fam to me, and only family that can get that close to me Keep it type strong Blowin green that's keepin us goin Unconditional love showin Yo, yo, yo, yo 40th Side, 41st Side, ride [Prodigy] Me and my Dunns come from the slums You can't take the slums out my Dunns  and that's how it is, that's how we live Sometimes I find myself wearin the same shit for days not carin, bout what they gon' think or say I got that, "I don't give a fuck" in me, it's stuck in me That's how I 'vantage over y'all niggaz, y'all too pretty We too gritty, like Sanford and Son (what) Too grimy like Pigpen with jewels on See we the top rap niggaz, the Q-Dogs You got a lot of nerve, puttin out them songs knowin that my niggaz come strong, so let's get it on We just gettin warm, Operation "Quiet Storm" Silent wars or we silence the fours Hav, P, and Nas, got it in the smash, fo'sho Now it's movies and soundtracks This is where your career stop at [Nas] Aiyyo I drink to that I'm like a dictionary, y'all rappers exam me You violate? They read your obituary, in front your family You should idolize Nas in the flesh Don't wait til I'm dead, to say I was the best, no doubt We shot hoops with coathangers, got loot with dopeslangers Sold soap to strangers, joked with danger Rob prostitutes, dodge cops in hot pursuit Bought weight from rosters, travel hot routes O.T. commute back and forth Tell shorty get that package off Fuck bein trapped up North, being told where to eat and shit Caught a case then I beat the shit D's on the block flash badges, nylon jackets Big white boys with guns yellin, "Freeze black kids!" Got my niggaz in the pen, eatin octopus Wishin they was on the blocks with us to watch me and P do it (uh) put the heat to it (uh) Put it out, first day, the whole street knew it Bitches, hold they pussies and bop to the music and think deep to it, now who the truest? [Mobb Deep] Yo.. Dunn you fam to me, and only family that can get that close to me Keep it type strong Blowin green that's keepin us goin Allah Havoc gettin right, on them 747 Dunn you fam to me, and only family that can get that close to me Keep it type strong Blowin green that's keepin us goin Unconditional love showin Yo you fam to me, and only family that can get that close to me Keep it type strong Blowin green that's keepin us goin Unconditional love showin Are you fam to me, and only fam to me that can get that close to me Keep it type strong [Prodigy] Dirty fingernails, reachin in my pocket pullin knots out I daydream of better days, in different ways out this lifestyle we live, iced out with the big fifth That's why the burnt leather lean to the left Even though we gained cash on fish I'm trapped on reason bein we ain't all rich And I'ma be that same nigga for the door And I'ma still walk the same path, we soon clash We get stacks, you do the math We pound niggaz out, walk away and laugh Fresh from out the lab, P and Nastradamus kid Rap niggaz shit they drawers [Nas] Yo they probably did I aircondition y'all niggaz, my prediction is you rewind this Your highness, Q-Boro's finest Click your Timbs three times, the wizard is Nas Grant you a wish, you get rich while listenin hard To my thugs in the prisonyard, bench-pressin 200 pounds and up Feelin like you down on your luck Raise up, I feel your pain, hit the law library Appeal the game, all eyes on me Restrained from, bein looked at, it's uncivilized We epitomize thug song, y'all niggaz get mad Jealous rappers is puss, ain't got no style no heart and no look, shook Get stole on, my niggaz move right in the moonlight Y'all niggaz get done, I pee on them son, they a small issue We too official, blue steel pistols Teflon vests, it's no contest we hit you [Mobb Deep] Dunn you fam to me, and only family that can get that close to me Keep it type strong Blowin green that's keepin us goin Unconditional love showin Yo, yo, yo, yo Forty decide, Forty-First side right Yeah youknahmsayin? Not for nuttin baby Knahmsayin wanna give a shout out to my peoples YouknowhatImean? Yambo, Ill Will Killa Black, my brother It's never gonna be another Word up.. Yeah, you know how we do things The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: God Love Us Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Uhh.. Uh.. speak without thinkin.. speak without speakin.. huh.. Feel without reachin, uhh That's what it's about It's about that, inner, inner love, yaknawmean? Chorus: Nas God love us hood niggaz (I know) Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggaz (I know) and the killers, God love us good niggaz (I know) Cause on the streets is the hood niggaz, uhh And I know he feel us, uhh God love us hood niggaz (I know) Cause he be wit us in the prisons and he takes time to listen, uhh God love us hood niggaz (I know) Cause next to Jesus on the cross was the crook niggaz, uhh but he forgive us [Nas] He who has ears, let him hear And he who has sight, let him see He who has life, let him be See everything goes through change Those who know don't talk and those who talk don't know a thing Men are born soft and turn tough Dead lay a stiffened heart, I've been kissed by God I've been hurt, I've been marked for death, almost ripped apart by the beast but he missed his mark Alone in the dark my thoughts had sparked up when I saw my body on the floor, from above I watch it all Yo it came to me, the pain in me Many slain empty skulls where a brain should be It strangely seemed, like it was a dream but the si-rens had never woke me Only reason I'm here now is cause God chose me And to me, I'm only just a crook nigga But God love us hood niggaz Chorus [Nas] Day by day by day I sit back and pray My thugs get packed away, in a maxi-cage They pass away, they went off the casket way My gats will spray, but that won't bring em back today So long my crimies now gone for eternity The team we got left on the set, now turn to me Can't speak, tears in my eyes, revenge in my mind I ride past the church where they got his body and find they takin him to the hearse to put his body in dirt That's it, pay my respects, wipe my tears with my shirt Now it's time to do work, out of love and retribution As loyalty, he would die for me, no excuses Loadin clips up, countin bullets carefully For self, though it feels like, he was there for me Saw the enemy, I ate him, saw Jakes behind me They ain't knock me, it's obvious that God's watchin me Chorus [Nas] Jealousy in the hood, felonies in the hood Thugs wit guns become celebrities in the hood Yo it's beef in the hood, smoke trees in the hood Little girls have seeds by O.G.'s in the hood It's food in the hood, it's drugs in the hood You can choose if you would, coke to sniff Dope to ooze in your blood, parolees ex-cons live in the hood, it's jobs in the hood You can starve in the hood Your best friends'll fuck your baby moms in the hood But it's good in the hood I was raised in the hood Was taught how to walk and duck strays in the hood I stays in the hood, got my ways from the hood Learned to play ball go to the NBA, in the hood There's AIDS (uh) in the hood (WHAT?) Our lives are the worst, on top of that, we broke That's the main reason why God, love us the most Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Bravehearts Album: Nastradamus Song: Quiet Niggas Typed by: cptscottykanevil@hotmail.com Where my real niggas at Theres a lot of real niggas out there Theres a lot of real niggas everywhere Thats why you don't fuck with just anybody A lot of niggas is just on the low, chillin Not botherin nobody, until one motha fucka fuck with em And then all hell break loose Hook (2) Quiet niggas will kill Loud niggas talk shit Them be the ones that get killed It's wild where we walk kid Is you brave nigga Is you a slave nigga Is you a made nigga Or is you a paid nigga Well known gangstas, in trust That we bust Your heart and soul lies with us Boldly go where we once took a nigga before Now the motha fucka beggin for more Its the reason Standin here shakin, hatin the haters They watchin my paper Realize, a 4 5 will open his eyes Now what the fuck you think he saw before he drop Nigga standin there just like a cop Braveheart I'm screamin up the block Now the soldier, cadet, general in fact Don't let me get up and show yawl motha fucka's respect Plans connect The twinkle and diamonds upon my neck More jazz than Hornecek I blast and leave your corner wet Straight on top of ya Spittin like the trench coat mafia In a school yard we make it hard Was poppin yawl We made our change was stoppin yawl They spray your names rest in peace on the ??? wall Hook (2) I wave gang signs at the youth, thats down for the cause Cling them things in the ??? you betta get yours Time is runnin out Your streets is gettin smaller as we speak Juliani turns these lights on so niggas can't creep I miss the shit of days we did this Please free John Gotti They kept the black man eatin, not killin everybody Drug wars is real You have no friends in the outfield Foul balls is deaf, umpires keep ice grilles Theres no tomorrow its the bottom of the 9 9 Can't die a broke man with a bitch thats fine My hearts full of braveness so who the fuck will want to save this Fallen angel from fallen star and chaos on this nation Don't play us on your station if you pussy or you hatin You can find us in the hood; thuggin and regulatin Don't play us on your station if you pussy or you hatin You can find us in the hood; thuggin and regulatin Hook (2) We here to eat food, my peoples, be lethal Shots in your body make you see through Quiet niggas become jail riot niggas 25 to life, big never cry niggas Floss when they up north Chest gettin bigger Celebs on the V I respect that nigga Rege on the regular chops is up; like a editor Come through on man gang like the predator If yawl wake I'll wet it up Jungle set it up The jackal rock you to sleep while I'm comin at you Air out your area, Queens Bridge forever, what Ill will the label Bravehearts yawl scared of us Yo when those niggas ran these niggas stayed With these niggas switched up and bitched up afraid These niggas clicked up and ripped up the gauge Those niggas got jail and sick cause we paid Don't even rep Q B You ain't got hood stripes Looters come through catch you frontin And its good night Know how much force this is Juggle horse and whiz Notin but horses kid We go to war for this Hook (3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: Big Girl Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com (You're a big girl now) Fully grown with your hormones now Got your own home and you alone Wanna bone, wanna moan, get your back blown out (No more daddy's little girl) You a big girl now, in a world, where these niggas are foul You could be aborting the next Michael Jordan Your man don't wanna be around (You're a big girl now) She's sexy, she got it, she ride it Every nigga wanna be inside it (No more daddy's little girl) I need her, I'll eat her Do anything to please her My ghetto queen of Sheba [Verse 1] I'm the type that'll get you by the fireplace Get you hype when I lick it, put it in your face Sipping red wine, is it bedtime You can kick it with your nigga while we listen to Faith I'm feeling richer today I can hit it then stay Lingerie make me take it to the kitchen and play We got champagne, whipped cream, I'ma grab a bucket of ice Bubble bath running, and the candlelight feeling so right It's your night, no stress, no fight Mad at your ex, cause his dough tight Never go right when you're with him Try your best to forget him Cause it's easy to please me CD skip when your head board hit the wall Call for the law Right when you cum, I'm biting your tongue Make your legs cramp up, you can't stand up You can hit a blunt if you want I'ma pull my pants up We can discuss a weekend of lust on top of the trust Tell me what's the reason for us To love or to fuck I'm the thug that you want If it's gangster we can't front If you want me I can stay around If you need me, I'm here for you How that sound? Now it's up to you Depending on how you wanna get down Cause you're a big girl now [Verse 2] Got your name and your number in my cell phone Hear your voice and I wonder where you are, if you all alone If you in a good mood, if you not Or you thinking bout you was at my spot What we did when we got hot Is you dreaming you had me? Is you creaming your panties? Like a king, fed me grapes, and you fanned me On the couch, to the floor, to the bed, to the sink And we ate each other like candy Under the covers, two intimate lovers You fuck a nigga like you mad at me Throw the ass to me You should be glad to be In the presence of a real thug as bad as me While I'm in the streets with my murdering squad You talking to your friends that I'm hurting it hard How I'm making my rod, how I make you say "Oh God" Every hoe that you know wanna know Nas Gotta dodge all the blowjobs, getting hard Cause you know how these girls are Wearing tight shit, no panties, no bra Running up to my car with menage a trois suggestions Starting to get an erection Guessing, only if you knew how your crew stressing Complexion chocolatey, fondle me, thinking it's time to leave I need time to breathe Wanna follow me, Ironically You pop up, throwing bottles at my Tahoe Like it's my fault But you don't wanna talk Don't wanna hear nothing, all of a sudden You and the shorty start scuffing Now shorty dumping you out Can't let her get the best of you So I rescue you Only thing left to do was to grab her So you can jab her, get a cheap shot You don't wanna feel chumped Now here the cops come So we gotta run to the ride Then we drive off through the traffic Don't panic, but you know how we gotta manage Looking at your face And the damage in your facial Every angle can't let it faze you No reason to be insecure or immature Baby girl see the world is yours [Chorus fade out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nastradamus Song: New World Typed by: LilWayn226@aol.com Uh, it's a new world, it's a new world,  It's a new world, it's a new world Uh, it's a new world, it's a new world Yo, celebrate the new life New ways to make money New ways to break dummies Forge they name and take money Computers ain't that smart Whatever man built could be taken apart Anything new can get old Like dudes started rockin' platinum, some stopped wearin gold solar-energized rides, no steering wheel, tell it how to drive No propellers in the sky Airplanes like many rockets Waitin lists for the rich to get tickets to visit Mars While the poor people starve, computers takin over they jobs A man's forced to live off land Now it's back to the caveman era When we made fire, by two sticks rubbin together The truth is, many are too scared of new data America Online, cut off, see you later (Hook) 2x Yo, welcome to the new world, new beginnin A new way to play, a new way a livin Cash is the past, a new way a spendin New life for man, children, and women Yo, the new Mike Tyson's Roy Jones Bill Clinton's the new JFK, without the hole in his dome The new Don Trump is Bill Gates Not because his occupation, it's 'cause we respect his cake And cake mean his stock, net gross Young kids step it up, go for the most New cameras in police cars takin pictures New hustlas gettin new street figures And US embassies overseas almost every foreign country's under seige Covertly startin wars, CIA, NAVY Seals Commit larcenies that be worth over mil's Oil in the earth spills Girls blow they body up, birth control pills African's pick diamonds out a dark caves Then we wear it on our necks just so we can light up the stage (Hook) Say goodbye to the brainwashed Say goodbye to the young kids who not smart Say goodbye to the toasters and Pop-Tarts Yo, it's real Swallow a little pill, there's a four-course meal Say hello to the one world Say hello to the sky, somethin's out there watchin you and I More enticin than Star Trek, StarTec phones Your genes and DNA is used to make clones  You got CD-Rom, everythang operates by computers Then what happens when circuit breaks Y2K's the big scare Scientists say we ain't prepared What I feel is contrare Alexander Graham Bell made telephones, yes But now we request for your e-mail address I might be old fashioned, stuck in my ways But nothin make me more happier than seein today (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Ginuwine Album: Nastradamus Song: You Owe Me Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Nas] Uh, it's real, it's real, it's real Uh, uh, owe me back, uh shorty Shorty, what up, huh? Come on 1 - 	[Ginuwine] 	Shorty, say what's your price 	Just to back it up 	You can hold my ice 	Now let's say you owe me something  	[Nas] 	Yeah, owe me back like you owe your tax 	Owe me back like forty acres to Blacks 	Pay me back when you shake it like that girl 2 - 	[Ginuwine] 	Shorty, say what's your price  	Just to back it up 	You can hold my ice 	Now let's say you owe, owe, owe  	[Nas]  	Yeah owe me back like you owe your rent 	Owe me back like its money I spent 	Pay me back when you shake it again The don, all the time, with all the shine You small time, I ball with mine Links, minks, Bentley, it's all with mine My jams bump out to the borderline UK hot with it, blew spots with it Every continent love when I spit it Corners to blocks, even the cops feel it Brothas on lockdown on their cots feel it It's real in the field the Last Mohican Who survived in the streets and did something decent Now I got plans to buy the whole hood Legit' now, I ain't gotta lie to no judge I make hits now, money I flip now Hood fella every honey wanna kiss now I lit up my neck, pinkie, and wrist now So girls everywhere, this is how we get down Repeat 1 3 - 	[Ginuwine] 	Shorty, say what's your price  	Just to back it up 	You can hold my ice 	Now let's say you owe, owe, owe  	[Nas] 	Yeah owe me back like you owe your rent 	Owe me back like its money I lent 	Pay me back when you shake it again [Nas] Play to win, girls in the club moving I get em real hot, my songs seduce 'em I flow, I'm so mysterious Nas, and Nasty's the alias Everything platinum I glow Cadillac trucks pulling up to the do' On top out the car, lounge at the bar We spent a thou', we wild, look at how rowdy we are Feel like a million dollars, feel me holler To the max with the Benz and chrome wheeled Impalas Thugs and renta's, to the playas and ballers Sexy mamas, fly ladies lookin' proper Look good enough to be taken shoppin' Earrings, bracelets, now you rocking Your body's so nice that I give you this option Let you wear my big chain if we get it popping Repeat 1 Repeat 2 [Ginuwine]  I put the shackles on your feet (You owe me) I think you owe me some (You owe me) The shackles on your feet (You owe Nas) I think you owe me some (You owe Ginuwine) (You owe Timbaland, you owe me) [Nas] Lock you down baby, you know what you owe me Mack like Goldie, it's the same story Let you hold something, you spending it right Know where you gon' be by the end of the night Make it bounce, shake it, move it around Wiggle it a little bit, throw it to the south Fantasizing me inside and you riding Throw it like a stallion, you wearin' my medallion [Ginuwine] Shorty, say what's your price Just to back it up You can hold my ice Now let's say you owe me something (You owe me something, oh yeah) I said shorty, say what's your price (You owe Nas) Just to back it up (You owe Ginuwine) You can hold my ice (You owe Timbaland) Now let's say you owe You owe us something, baby Oh, oh, oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Nas f/) Jessica Care Moore Album: Nastradamus Song: The Outcome Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jessica Care Moore] Global warming between my legs, screams against the waves Gave birth to thirteen daughters, so now we never run out of water My skin layered in diamonds and sage Left alone and confused, forces enslaved by days Time keeps on whorin us Ghetto saviors can't keep ignorin us Flowers and flames, flutes from her fingers Rifles pointed from her sac or was it simply a bag of sticks and stones Either way, she wore a compass on her head Rains don't stop the grass from turnin red Her hair was half perm, half dread We gave up walking in a past-life and so we dance Arms wrapped around my breath and choked me back to life A new world wife, reflecting the sun and rolling dice Symbol of the drama yet to come - too late to run Time travelling was late Watching was a blind man's mistake All his assets melted right in front of his face His right leg drabbed with demon paste Shoes stayed angel laced Never count your blessings with haste Even a prophet can catch a case Didn't realize how sweet the future might taste Telepathically cutting through mental gates Words were weapons against their hate Shepherds search for stars in her hair Her chest grew fermented like yeast She broke her body like aged bread He gave her truth from all the books he'd read She wrote her poems inside the mud Sacrificed her cervix to fix the future Named their boys and spit truth inside his mouth Read warm prophet, writing twisted scriptures inside her belly Resurrected from bones and dirt She made hard niggaz smile Left her seeds inside the Earth Gave hustlers and killers life's worth This is the life we chose, remember who was here first Find a reason why you curse Gold rushed tongues by dreams too loose Sporting electronic nooses Hoeing humanity love-ticks over lust Despite the damage to destiny you can't take the best of me In God We Still Trust The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Stillmatic (The Intro) Typed by: Adverse101@aol.com Uhh, y'know I still run with that, that blood of a slave, boilin in my veins It's just hot - until a nigga can't take it no more Blood of a slave, heart of a King - turn my voice up Aiyyo, the brother's "Stillmatic" I crawled up out of that grave, wipin the dirt, cleanin my shirt They thought I'd make another "Illmatic" But it's always forward I'm movin Never backwards stupid here's another classic C-notes is fallin from the sky, by now the credits roll They're starrin Nas, executive poet, produced directed by the Kid slash Escobar; narration describes the lives of lost tribes in the ghetto tryin to survive The feature opens with this young black child, fingers scratched Cigarette burns on the sofa, turnin the TV down While Mary Jane Girls, 45's playin, soft in the background Food from C-Town's, mornings was hash browns Stepped over dopefiends, walkin out the door, all of us poor I learned the difference between the snitches, the real ones, and who's soft And the murderous, hungriest crews People jumping from roofs, shotguns pumping, made it through my youth Walking very thin lines, ages seven and nine That's the age I was on my album cover, this is the rebirth I know the streets thirst water like Moses Walking through the hot desert searching to be free This is my ending and my new beginning nostalgia Alpha and Omega places, it's like a glitch in "The Matrix" I seen it all, did it all, most of y'all will pop for a minute Spit a sentence then the game'll get rid of y'all Y'all got there but y'all didn't get it all, I want my style back Hate to cease y'all plan it's the rap repo man To them double up hustlers, bidders, niggaz who real Professionals, stick-up kids dreamin for mills Let my words guide you, get inside you From Crip to Pirus this is survival Blood of a slave, heart of a King Blood of a slave, heart of a King Uhh, uhh, blood of a slave, heart of a King Uhh, yeah Huh, Braveheart, uhh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Ether Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [gunshots] [Nas talking]  ("Fuck Jay-Z") What's up niggas, ay yo, I know you ain't talkin 'bout me dog You, what?  ("Fuck Jay-Z") You been on my dick nigga, you love my style, nigga  ("Fuck Jay-Z")  (I) Fuck with your soul like ether  (Will) Teach you the king you know you  (Not) "God's son" across the belly  (Lose) I prove you lost already Brace yourself for the main event Y'all impatiently waitin It's like an AIDS test, what's the results? Not positive, who's the best? Pac, Nas and Big Ain't no best, East, West, North, South, flossed out, greedy I embrace y'all with napalm Blows up, no guts, left chest, face gone How could Nas be garbage? Semi-autos at your cartilege Burner at the side of your dome, come outta my throne I got this, locked since '9-1 I am the truest, name a rapper that I ain't influenced Gave y'all chapters but now I keep my eyes on the Judas With Hawaiin Sophie fame, kept my name in his music Check it [talking] Ay yo, pass me the weed, pour my ashes out on these niggas man (no doubt) Ay, y'all faggots, y'all kneel and kiss the fuckin ring I've been fucked over, left for dead, dissed and fogotten Luck ran out, they hoped that I'd be gone, stiff and rotten Y'all just piss on me, shit on me, spit on my grave (uh) Talk about me, laugh behind my back but in my face Y'all some well wishin (bitches), friendly actin envy hidin snakes With your hands out for my money, man, how much can I take? When these streets keep callin, heard it when I was sleep That this Gay-Z and Cockafella Records wanted beef Started cockin up my weapon, slowly loadin up this ammo To explode it on a camel, and his soldiers, I can handle This for dolo and his manuscript just sound stupid When KRS already made an album called "Blueprint" First, Biggie's ya man, then you got the nerve to say that you better than Big Dick suckin lips, whyn't you let the late, great veteran live [talking] (I...will...not...lose) "God's son" across the belly, I prove you lost already The king is back, where my crown at? (Ill...will) Ill Will rest in peace, let's do it niggas Y'all niggas deal with emotions like bitches What's sad is I love you 'cause you're my brother You traded your soul for riches My child, I've watched you grow up to be famous And now I smile like a proud dad, watchin his only son that made it You seem to be only concerned with dissin women Were you abused as a child, scared to smile, they called you ugly? Well life is harsh, hug me, don't reject me or make records to disrespect me, blatant or indirectly In '88 you was gettin chased through your buildin Callin my crib and I ain't even give you my numbers All I did was gave you a style for you to run with Smilin in my face, glad to break bread with the god Wearin Jaz chains, no tecs, no cash, no cars No jail bars Jigga, no pies, no case Just Hawaiian shirts, hangin with little Chase You a fan, a phony, a fake, a pussy, a Stan I still whip your ass, you thirty-six in a karate class You Tae-bo hoe, tryna' work it out, you tryna' get brolic? Ask me if I'm tryna' kick knowledge Nah, I'm tryna' kick the shit you need to learn though That ether, that shit that make your soul burn slow Is he Dame Diddy, Dame Daddy or Dame Dummy? Oh, I get it, you Biggie and he's Puffy Rockefeller died of AIDS, that was the end of his chapter And that's the guy y'all chose to name your company after? Put it together, I rock hoes, y'all rock fellas And now y'all try to take my spot, fellas? Philly's hot rock fellas, put you in a dry spot, fellas In a pine box with nine shots from my glock, fellas Foxy got you hot 'cause you kept your face in her puss What you think, you gettin girls now 'cause of your looks? Ne-gro please You no mustache havin, with whiskers like a rat Compared to Beans you wack And your man stabbed Un and made you take the blame You ass, went from Jaz to hangin with Kane, to Irv, to Big And, Eminem murdered you on your own shit You a dick-ridin faggot, you love the attention Queens niggas run you niggas, ask Russell Simmons Ha, R-O-C get gunned up and clapped quick J.J. Evans get gunned up and clapped quick Your whole damn record label gunned up and clapped quick Shaun Carter to Jay-Z, damn you on Jaz dick So little shorty's gettin gunned up and clapped quick How much of Biggie's rhymes is gon' come out your fat lips? Wanted to be on every last one of my classics You pop shit, apologize, nigga, just ask Kiss The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Got Ur Self A... Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net [Intro] Woke up this mornin', (yeah) You got yo'self a gun (yeah, yeah, yeah) Got yo'self a gun [Nas] Yo, I'm livin' in this time behind enemy lines So... I got mine, I hope you (got yo'self a gun) You from the hood I hope you (got yo'self a gun) You want beef? I hope ya (got yo'self a gun) And when I see you I'ma take what I want So, you tried to front, hope ya (got yo'self a gun) You ain't real, hope ya (got yo'self a gun) [Verse 1] My, first album had no famous guest appearances The outcome: I'm crowned the best lyricist Many years on this professional level Why would you question who's better? The world is still mine Tattoos real with "God's Son" across the belly The boss of rap, you saw me in "Belly" with thoughts like that To take it back to Africa, I did it with Biggie Me and Tupac were soldiers of the same struggle You lames should huddle, your team's shook Y'all feel the wrath of a killer, 'cause this is my football field Throwin' passes from a barrel, shoulder pads apparel But the Q.B. don't stand for no quarterback Every word is like a sawed-off blast, 'cause y'all all soft And I'm the black hearse that came to haul y'all ass in It's for the hood by the corner store Many try, many die, come at Nas if you want a war, get it bloody, uh [Verse 2] Yo, I'm the N the A to the S-I-R And If I wasn't, I must've been Escobar You know the kid got his chipped tooth fixed Hair parted with a barber's preciseness; Bravehearted for life It's the return of the Golden Child, son of a blue's player So who are you playa? Y'all awaited the true savior Puffin' that tropical, cups of that Vodka too Papi chu', tore up, wake up in a hospital Throw up? Never, 'member I do this through righteous steps You Judists thought I was gone, so in light of my death Y'all been all happy-go-lucky, bunch of sambos Call me "God's Son", with my pants low I don't die slow, put them rags up like Petey Pablo This is Nasdaq dough, in my Nascar with this Nas flow Flip the beat back, now it's all reppin' Hit the record sto', never let me go, get my whole collection, yo [Verse 3] It's, the, return of the Prince, the boss This is real hardcore, Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit's soft Sip Cris', get chips, wrist gliss, I floss Stick shift, look sick up in that Boxter Porsche With the top cut off, rich kids go and cop The Source They don't know about the blocks I'm on And everybody wanna know where the kid go? Where he rest at? Where he shop at and dress at? Know he got dough, where does he live? Is he still in the bridge? Does he really know how ill that he is? Got all of y'all watchin' my moves, my watch and my jewels Hop in my coupe, dodge interviews like that It's not only my jewels, ice anything, plenty chains Look at my tennis shoes, I iced that Who am I? The back-twister, lingerie-ripper Automatic leg-spreader, quicker brain-getter Keepin' it gangsta wit' ya, uh [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Smokin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, awalji@home.com Bis-Mi-Allah A-Rahman A-Rahim (To the Gods.. to the Gods.. to the Earths) Pass that shit homey [Intro/Chorus] Now tell me what y'all smokin What kinda heat y'll holdin Well is your creep move potent I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon We bi-coastin, keepin our po-ckets bulgin We got the plan in motion I got a bunch of bullets and a bag of guns I pass 'em to my niggaz c'mon [Verse One] Zoom, from outer space he comes Blunt in his mouth with his hand on his gun Bitches flappin they gums, do he be clappin and shootin guys Actor or a movie star, rapper revolutionized What is his race nation or creed? Is he arabic, black, latin, asian they read Magazines say I walked on water, talked to the heavens Spit at judges, stepped on peasants But in reality, I just entered your galaxy September '73, up in these wild streets Fuckin these wild freaks, a harem of hoes (God damn) And my mystique got 'em tearin my clothes [Verse Two] My nigga smoke with one lung If he cough he might die, passin me trees The liquor bottle's almost empty We about to collide, with the enemy Only way you die if it's meant to be You fuckin with a general No discussion is the principle we bustin it's the end of you Now we knockin on your mama door Like we cam to fix the sink; my kind of war Death, angels comin for you Spirit horse runnin from your body like Young Guns 1 and 2 Paramedics fightin for you, who's gon' win? The hands of time, or the hands of medicine Don't cry, witness your fate, this is your wake Walk by your casket, spit in your face Enter the fog dog, the light is your guide And when you're gone all your niggaz gon' light it with Nas [Verse Three] Pardon but I gotta question of life now Look at the nigga next to you right now Is he real, fake or scared Do it like this niggaz right hands in the air Ball it to a fist and put it over your heart Now let's say it all together let the ceremony start I shall - stay real stay true stay holdin figures Never put a bitch over my niggaz I shall never, cooperate with the law Never snake me I always hold you down in war If they take one of mine, I take one of theirs I never break the oath to the death I swear I swear that's how we pledge alegiance, to the alliance of underworld's killers and thugs, though the science  of a nigga still yet to be found So light up some green, and pass it around (just pass it around) [repeat until fade] Wanna get high, come smoke with me  Smoke with me, light it up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: You're the Man Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com Uh uh, yo They plan was to knock me out the top of the game But I overstand they truth is all lame I hold cannons that shoot balls of flames Right in they fat mouth then I carve my name Nas - too real, Nas - true king It's however you feel, g'head, you swing Your arms too short to box with god I don't kill soloists only kill squads Fame went to they head, so now it's "Fuck Nas" Yesterday you begged for a deal, today you tough guys I seen it comin Soon as I popped my first bottle I spotted my enemies tryna' do what I do Came in with my style, so I fathered you I kept changin on the world since "...Barbeque" Now you wanna hang with niggas I hung with Fuck bitches I hit, it's funny I once said... If I, ever make a record I take a check and put something away for a rainy day to make my exit But look at me now, ten years deep Since the project bench with crack in my sock sleep I never asked to be top of rap's elite Just a ghetto child tryna' learn the traps of the streets But look at me now  (Chorus)  "You're the man" "You're the man"  "You're the man" "You're the man"  "You're the man" "You're the man"  "You're the man" "You're the man"  "You're the man" "You're the man" But wait a sec', give me time to explain, women and fast cars And diamond rings can poison a rap star It's suicidal, how I smoke in so much la' I saw a dead bird flyin through a broken sky Wish I could flap wings and fly away To where black kings and Ghana stay  So I could get on my flesh right away But that'll be the day when it's peace When my gat don't need to spray When these streets are safe to play Sex with death, indulge in these women Vision my own skeleton swimmin in eternal fire Broads play with pentagrams in they vagina Like the Exorcist, then they gave birth to my seeds I beg for God's help, why they love hurtin me? I'm your disciple, a thug certainly I'm the N the A to the S-I-R If I wasn't I must've been Escobar Forty-five in my waist, starin at my reflection In the mirror, sittin still in the chair like Mike Concepcion When everything around me got cloudy, the chair became a king's throne My destiny found me It was clear why the struggle was so painful Metamorphosis, this is what I changed to And God, I'm so thankful (Chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Rewind Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com Listen up gangstas and honeys with ya hair done Pull up a chair hon' and put it in the air son Dog, whatever they call you, god, just listen I spit a story backwards, it starts at the ending The bullet goes back in the gun The bullet hole's closin this chest of a nigga Now he back to square one Screamin, "Shoot don't please" I put my fifth back on my hip It's like a VCR rewindin a hit He put his hands back on his bitch My caravan doors open up I jumped back in the van and closed it shut Goin reverse, slowly prepared My nigga Jungle utters out somethin crazy like, "Go he there" Sittin in back of this chair, we hittin the roach The smoke goes back in the blunt, the blunt gets bigger in growth Jungle unrolls it, put his weed back in the jar The blunt turns back into a cigar We listen to Stevie, it sounded like heavy metal fans Spinnin records backwards of AC/DC I give my niggas dap, jump out the van back first Back upstairs, took off the black shirt I'm in the crib with the phone to my ear Listen up so y'all can figure out the poem real clear The voice on the phone was like, "Outside right we" So with my mouth wide, holdin my heat Bullets I had plenty to squeeze, plenty for ya 'Cause Jungle said, "Block your on enemies the" Hung up the phone, then the phone rang  I'm laid in the bed thinkin 'bout this pretty young thing Who left, she came back, her clothes just fell to the rug She fell to my bed and gave me a hug I told her, "No hell" She talkin 'bout, "Me kiss" Bobbed her head then spit the nut back in my dick Started suckin with no hands, a whole lotta spit Then got up and put her bra back on her tits Got fully dressed and told me, "Stressed really I'm" Picked up her Gucci bag and left her nigga behind Walkin through the door, she rang the bell twice I vomited Vodka back in my glass with juice and ice The clock went back from three, to two, to one And that's about the time the story begun That's when I first heard the voicemail on the cell It said, "Son we found that nigga we gotta kill"  Ay yo son, ay yo son, you hear me, you hear me?  Listen man, this dude right on the block, right now, man  I found him, right now, I see him right now!  Let's kill him) "Yo, this Nas, leave it. Peace" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: One Mic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*speaking softly, gradually getting louder*} One time.. yeah.. yeah.. Yo, all I need is one mic, one beat, one stage One nigga front, my face on the front page Only if I had one gun, one girl and one crib One God to show me how to do things his son did Pure, like a cup of virgin blood; mixed with 151, one sip'll make a nigga flip Writin names on my hollow tips, plottin shit Mad violence who I'm gon' body, this hood politics Ackowledge it, leave bodies chopped up in garbages Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us Police watch us {*siren*} roll up and try knockin us One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up But my luck, I got up, the cop shot again Bus stop glass bursts, a fiend drops his Heineken Richochetin between the spots that I'm hidin in Blackin out as I shoot back, fuck gettin hit! {*more sirens*} This is my hood I'ma rep, to the death of it 'til everybody come home, little niggaz is grown Hoodrats, don't abortion your womb, we need more warriors soon Sent from the star sun and the moon In this life of police chases street sweepers and coppers Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin victims with doctors IF YOU REALLY THINK YOU READY TO DIE, WITH NINES OUT THIS IS WHAT NAS IS BOUT, NIGGA THE TIME IS NOW! {*whispering again*} Yo, all I need is one mic.. All I need is one mic.. that's all I need All I need is one mic.. all I need niggaz All I need is one mic.. yeah {*gradually getting louder*} All I need is one blunt, one page, and one pen One prayer - tell God forgive me for one sin Matter fact maybe more than one, look back at all the hatred against me, fuck alla them Jesus died at age 33, there's thirty-three shots from twin glocks there's sixteen apiece, that's thirty-two Which means, one of my guns was holdin 17 Twenty-seven hit your crew, six went into you Everybody gotta die sometime; hope your funeral never gets shot up, bullets tear through the innocent Nothin is fair, niggaz roll up, shootin from wheelchairs My heart is racin, tastin revenge in the air I let the shit slide for too many years, too many times Now I'm strapped with a couple of macs, too many nines If y'all niggaz really wit me get busy load up the semis Do more than just hold it explode the clip until you empty There's nothin in our way - they bust, we bust, they rust, we rust Led flyin, feel it? I feel it in my gut THAT WE TAKE THESE BITCHES TO WAR, LIE 'EM DOWN CAUSE WE STRONGER NOW MY NIGGA THE TIME IS NOW!! {*whispering again*} All I need is one mic.. that's all I need, that's all I need All I need is one mic.. there's nuttin else in the world All I need is one mic.. that's all a nigga need to do his thing y'know All I need is one mic.. {*starting loud this time, getting quieter*} ALL I NEED IS ONE LIFE, ONE TRY, ONE BREATH I'M ONE MAN WHAT I STAND FOR SPEAKS FOR ITSELF, THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND Or wanna see me on top, too egotistical Talkin all that slick shit, the same way these bitches do Wonder what my secrets is, niggaz'll move on you only if they know, what your weakness is I have none Too late to grab guns I'm blastin cause I'm a cool nigga Thought I wouldn't have that ass done? Fooled you niggaz What you call a infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin War gets deep, some beef is everlastin Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin each other up in prison yards, drama, where does it start? You know the block was ill as a youngster Every night it was like a, cop would get killed body found in the dumpster For real a hustler, purchased my Range, niggaz throwin dirt on my name Jealous cause fiends got they work and complain Bitches left me cause they thought I was finished Shoulda knew she wasn't true she came to me when her man caught a sentence Diamonds are blindin, I never make the same mistakes Movin with a change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight Swellin my melon cause none of these niggaz real Heard he was, tellin police, how can a kingpin squeal? This is crazy, I'm on the right track I'm finally found You need some soul searchin, the time is now All I need is one mic.. yeah, yeah yeah yeah All I need is one mic.. that's all I ever needed in this world, fuck cash All I need is one mic.. fuck the cars, the jewelry All I need is one mic.. to spread my voice to the whole world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: 2nd Childhood Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Yeah, hahaha "Cause when I flow the for the street.." - ".. who else could it be" 	"Nas.." [Nas] Yo Explode, my thoughts were drunken from quarts of beers Was years back, before Nasir would explore a career in rap As a music dude, I mastered this Rubik's Cube Godzilla, fought Gargantua, eyes glued to the tube Was a, long time ago, John Boy Ice Geronimo po-lice jumpin out Chryslers, easywider paper Pops puffin his sess, punchin his chest like a gorilla Outside was psychoes, killers Saw Divine, Goon and Chungo, Lil' Turkey R.I.P. Tyrone, 'member no cursin front of Ms. Vercey Big Percy, Crazy Paul, the Sledge Sisters My building was 40-16, once in the blue, hallways was clean I knew, all that I'd seen had meant somethin Learned early, to fear none little Nas was huntin Livin carefree laughin, got jokes on the daily Y'all actin like some old folks y'all don't hear me Yo I'm in my second childhood [Chorus: repeat 2X] "Cause when I flow the for the street.." - ".. who else could it be" 	"N-A-S" - "Nas.." "Resurrect, through the birth of my seed.." - "Queensbridge" 	"Make everything right.." - "Get yours, nigga" [Nas] Yo, dude is 31, livin in his moms crib Ex-convict, was paroled there after his long bid Cornrows in his hair, still slingin, got a crew They break his moms furniture, watchin Comicview Got babies by different ladies high smokin L's in the same spot he stood since, eighty-five well When his stash slow, he be crazy Say he by his moms, hit her on her payday Junior high school dropout, teachers never cared They was paid just to show up and leave, no one succeeds So he moves with his peers, different blocks, different years Sittin on, different benches like it's musical chairs All his peoples moved on in life, he's on the corners at night with young dudes it's them he wanna be like It's sad but it's fun to him right? He never grew up 31 and can't give his youth up, he's in his second childhood [Nas] Baby girl she's always talkin name droppin hangin late Drinkin smokin hates her baby daddy, craves shoppin E poppin Ecstasy takin, won't finish her education Best friend she keeps changin, stuck with limitations Lustin men, many hotels, Fendi Chanel With nothin in her bank account frontin she do well Her kid suffers he don't get that love he deserve He the Sun, she the Earth, single mom, even worse No job never stay workin, mad purty Shorty they call her the brain surgeon Time flyin she the same person, never matures All her friends married doin well She's in the streets yakkety yakkin like she was 12 Honey is twenty-seven, argues fights Selfish in her own right for life, guess she's in her second childhood "Who else could it be.." - "N-A-S" - "Nas.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Destroy & Rebuild Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com This is a journey into the world's most largest and notorious projects, Queensbridge Listen while Nas saves his hood from the most cowardest rappers (Nas) He held a mass appeal and a little boy smile Depressed has a complex his mouth was foul You need to stay around I feel like telling some stories First theres this arrogent fuck, his names Cory Hung around my mans Lakey and Big Trevor Trevor's still locked up, Lake's gettin his cheddar Cory changed his name to ahh, whatever Cornchip, Buckwheat look-a-like? It's 'Mega Right, 'Mega was his name, sorry about that But its so hard to put a cowards name in my rap Always actin tough, a jokester be frontin He got snuffed, he got shot in the thigh, he did nothin But that's Nas always looking out for breddren Cause when breddren don't return love it don't stress him Cause gangstas do gangsta shit, real recognize real Still laughing to the bank and shit Back to Cor', got him a deal but his rhymes was wack Def Jam mad that he signed the contract Now he got jealous and mad at my shine Makin silly tapes, I'm always on his mind Nonsense, not to be obnoxious kid 'Mega for the record you could suck my dick! Bitch, you from around the way it's sad what this do to me But Queensbridge, we gotta have unity (Chorus x2) They say the bridge is over, the bridge is over Nah this is a time we destroy and rebuild it They say, the bridge is over, the bridge is over Nah we the strongest hood but weak niggaz kill it So they say, the bridge is over, the bridge is over (Nas) Since we on the subject of traders and flunkies Mega aint the only faggot in my hood dummies Theres plenty that wanna be me but cannot Its like King Arther and Knight Sir Lance-A-Lot Lefty and Donnie Brasco, Gotti and Paul Before I woulda told you Prodigy's my dog Through the ups and downs, robberies and all Though I always knew he wanted my downfall He would say his little slick shit and act real funny For what nigga you're butt and it got back to me Asking a Braveheart to get back your jewelry You aint from my hood, don't even rep Q.B. Nature moved to Marcy Man dick riding Nature, nothing else to say Man Nature moved to Marcy Back with ass niggaz in fear Fuck them niggaz go head with the progam man proceed Old lady pocketbook snatcher, car thief Of course we aint friends, you never stood on no blocks Streets or corners with zombies, ghouls and gangstas Cops, drug dealers with pools of blood anger Just fills me when niggaz let out of town to set shot And get filthy rich, its just not No more morals, no loyalty, no more community Queensbridge, we gotta have unity (Chorus) (Nas) I put the name on the map after Marly and Shan Q.B. before the ROC had one jam Before the Death Row and Bad Boy beef Had streets locked with raw talent, I laugh at the weak So this about cleaning up house, my own backyard Famous home of rap stars well known be getting robbed P how many times aint you shamed that Jungle was busting his gun to get your weak chain back They dont respect you a checks due for me for your fame 'Mega I hope you blow so I'm sayin your name ('Mega, 'Mega) Hoes play your position cause you'll never be king Even Jigga want the crown - how that sound? Poor thing I'm representing Queensbridge U.S.A. Where two SK's go off every day ruthless-lay All you little roaches and rats  Besides my man Ricky, Nas the true ruler is back So haters say (Chorus) (Talking) The bridge is over my dick, Bridge'll never be over Long as I'm alive and breathing, Braveheart to the graveyard I'm the William Wallace of this shit Ayo P, Prodigy I got love for you man, I love you man You know what I'm saying, just get them unloyal niggaz From out your circle, you can't save everybody niggaz invited you to the hood, rep it right my nigga Be untouchable my nigga, so it be Mobb for life for real And thats real, ayo Nature I can't hold your hand through this shit man I'm not your father man, be your own man, stand on your own two I believe in you, believe in yourself nigga or dont even rep this Ayo Mega you wanna be a gangsta? Theres real gangsta Shit going on in the streets man, yo niggaz is in the grind Where you be at man? niggaz be bucking Why you never bucking, where you be at man? All of a sudden you the motherfuckin Nino Brown of the fuckin hood Its disgusting man, stay out the magazines Keep my name out your motherfuckin mouth Theres no more room for jealousy, we destroyin and rebuildin That means the cowards get out and real niggaz stay niggaz been hatin me since I been nine Shinin with suede motherfuckin Bally's on and silks I'ma always be the young don Don't be like the niggaz on the other side Hating me cause I'm beautiful, real niggaz in Queensbridge You niggaz come up and get this money and move on baby Q.B. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ AZ Album: Stillmatic Song: The Flyest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Geah [AZV] Peace king [Nas] Peace king [AZV] Listen, they wrote a book on your life [Nas] Right [AZV] You think anybody'll read it? [Nas] No fuckin doubt! [AZV] Let's make history homey [Nas] Aight then [AZV] You know we brought the hoes clothes and money rolls to the table [Nas] {*laughing*} No, fuckin, doubt [AZV] It's time to manifest this [Nas] Shit we the flyest nigga [AZV] Bring it to a whole, y'know? [Nas] Gangsta nigga Niggaz better watch ya back, it's so cold Pinky rings shinin, so act like y'don't know Bitches in heat for niggaz that got dough We the flyest gangsters What you don't got is my natural glow Countin out stacks and mackin out hoes Pushin big dicks and packin our chrome We the flyest gangsters [AZ] Follow, I'm like a Lamborghini green Diablo Coupe VT, it's like DVD when I flow Feel me, I'm loved like the great late Malik Sealy The one the player haters hate dearly, but can't near me Homicide can't scare me I o-bide by the laws of these streets sincerely, a real nigga The type that can build with ya Verbalize bring life to a still picture, it's God-given Been blessed with Allah's vision, strength and beauty Truly my only duty is to dodge prison Play wit me, I'm modest 'til them strays hit me Regardless the circumstances I'ma stay filthy Dough forever, the live stay low forever And fuck niggaz, cause it's hard to keep them close together One dependant, no wife, one co-defendant No forms of weakness, I flow with vengeance [Nas] I do what I can do when I can do it Feel how I feel when I feel what I'm feelin Live how I live it's only cause I been through it Learn to try it like to eat it and shit it's nuttin to it Burn it light it weed it and off the liquor, while drivin outside I'll never catch a vehicular homicide My music is a description of my vibe of course My life, my sites, my thoughts, what I like on my fork Cause you are what you eat, you eat what you can You pray to bless the food but first you wash your hands to wash away them bad spirits, don't bring it in your home Once you let them in they stayin, evil be gone, say it I'm proud of Mase for giving himself to the Lord Wonderin does Faith, think about Big anymore Of course my nigga Horse got married, see shit is changin We ain't these little niggaz no more, runnin dangerous I like to bone, I'm a peaceful brother Eat up so much the girls call me seafood lover Be havin they legs shakin, stab 'em, break 'em I'm Hercules Hercules when havin relations, the flyest [Nas] We put this on the, soul of our born [AZV] As we hold the Qu'ran [Nas] Kamikaze style [AZV] Older cats coachin us on [Nas] Yo it's kill or be killed [AZV] Understand, real'll be real [Nas] A forty-shot spectrum MAKE YOUR WHOLE EMBASSY KNEEL [AZV] Identity sealed, protected by [Nas] our energy shield [AZV] And fuck a drop, cause that's that shit that got Kennedy killed [Nas] Close the books [AZV] Was taught never expose a crook [Nas] Between the knight and the bishop [AZV] Wanna knock ya rook; I'm a rare breed never had a fair to lead [Nas] I ain't light niggaz recite [AZV] Too impaired to breathe [Nas] WE BOTH HARD HIT JUST LIKE CAMACHO AND VARGAS, WHO'S THE TARGET? [Nas] Now watch how we close the market, motherfuckers [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Mary J. Blige, Jungle & Wiz Album: Stillmatic Song: Braveheart Party Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com [Intro] (Nas) Yeah... ay yo Jungle... ay yo Wiz... Come on man... Let's do this It's a Braveheart party y'all C'mon [Chorus] (Mary) Throw your hands up cuz we wanna dance Don't be afraid just take a chance Cuz this beat will rock your body Get up on the floor and party Now y'all tell me what y'all wanna do Thinkin' while I have a drink or two Throw your hands up everybody Get up on the floor and party [Verse 1] (Nas) I move at night, respect my gangsta Ready for whatever you bring, the mood is right The club is righteous, tight with family Squeezin on big old bubbles with no panties Ladies who's sexually free And once in a while live on the wild side, kinky & nasty Middle fingers up and say "Fuck the world" Throw your hands up, they can't fuck with you girl And my fellas, two time felons, two nine tote and lethal Quick to leave you wide open, if you gettin' tore down Blowin' a blunt cloud, and the DJ's makin' you feel thugged out Put yo hands up Repeat Chorus [Verse 2] (Jungle) I pull in a V12 drop all red Look at ma with that cat paw tat on'er leg Come here girl can I kiss you, let me lick you Show you what your body made for, you're official You could be my baby mama lookin like that What you drink, champagne or Cognac What you like dancin diamonds, Dolce Gabbana Fendi, Louis Vuitton, Gucci and Prada A nigga like Jungle to always come thru Shine in yo hood whenever the fuck you want to Cause I'ma B.R.A.V., E.H.E.A.R.T. from QB Put'em up... Repeat Chorus Party all night (Party all night) Let's drink, no fights (Let's drink, no fights) Party all night (Whachu wan' do?) Let's drink, no fights (Drink up...c'mon, yeah, yeah...) [Verse 3] (Wiz) I'm blaze, haze for days Blackout thinkin' of ways to get paid Mac out corner I got it's all laid Shorty, with a nice round ass in my face Now do she want me to touch her? Or do she want me to see? Fuck is she comin wit me A true BHG Wiz, not complex Chin checks if it get hectic Nigga Braveheart respected Get bent at the bar, talk shit, walk it And if I can't talk it, the false big cop a case I'm here to blaze, roll up a dutch and take it to the face Throw yo hands up Repeat Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: Rule Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [talking] Yeah, yeah, yeah yeah, Nas, uh, yo, yo Life, they wonder, can they take me under? Nah, never that, nah, yo, yo I come from the housin tenement buildings Unlimited killings, menaces marked for death Better known as the projects where junkies and rock heads dwell Though I owe to it my success With survival of the fittest, everyday is a chal' I would think I'm a part of U.S.A. and be proud Confronted with racism, started to feel foreign Like, the darker you are the realer your problems I reached for the stars but I just kept slippin On this life mission, never know what's next Ancient kings from Egypt, up to Julius Cezar Had a piece of the globe, every continent Yo, there's Asia, Africa, Europe, France, Japan Pakistan, America, Afghanstan Yo, there's Protestants, Jews, Blacks, Arabics Call a truce, world peace, stop actin like savages No war, we should take time and think The bombs and tanks makes mankind extinct But since the beginning of time it's been men with arms fightin Lost lives in the Towers and Pentagon, why then? Must it go on, we must stop the killin Tell me why we die, we all God's children  [Chorus - Female singing, Nas in background]  World is hating, that's forever (uh, c'mon)  It's time that we stand together (yeah, for the world)  Everybody wants to rule the world (what, what, what, what, what, c'mon)  World (peace), world (peace), world (peace), world Yo, there's brothers on the block, posted up like they own it That's they corner, from New York to California Got blocks locked down Like, "dog you safe whenever you with me, see this is my town" So the youngsters, grows in ghettos, goes to prison At an early age, already know it's against him So in order for him to survive, one day he must Open up his eyes to the set backs and rise 'Cause, everybody wants a shot, in this land of opportunity Look at what this country's got There shouldn't be nobody homeless How can the president fix other problems when he ain't fixed home yet The earth wasn't made for one man to rule alone To all colors increases, to home it belongs I want land, mansions, banks and gold The diamonds in Africa, oil in my control The world's natural resources, all its residuals But then comes foes, I have to gaurd it with missels And I become the most wanted But is it worth hearin a million people problems and followed by Secret Service I guess, attempts at my life with loaded barrels So move over Colin Powell or just throw in the towel, yo Y'all know that's my style, to hit you at the right time No other compares to what Nas write down Tell you my dreams, show you my pain is yours You could get what you love, be a chain in cause You alive right now There's so many that's dead or locked up inside the beast, I'm a hot light now It's whatever man think of manifest to the real The plan is to wake up 'cause time reveals All this hate can't forever last All my ghetto heroes in Heaven, it's like you right here and never passed You just transcend, I know I'm gon' see you again Hopin I reach the world leaders and win Ain't nothin without struggle, listen up, it's critical We used to fear arms, now the weapons are chemical In Hip-Hop, the weapons are lyrical To be the best you challenge the best, then the blessings are spiritual Top of the world for the kid and unless Poppin any rapper's head off his shoulders no contest I know the Most High hear me, so fly you can't near me You scared of a mirror, my theory is that - knowledge is power To every projects and every street corner, we gotta get ours now [talking] Yo, niggas ain't forget shit, know what I'm sayin? Niggas ain't forget nothin Men, women and children killed by the police and shit Niggas ain't gon' forget that, you know what I mean? Yo, what this war just show me is like, whatever you want out of life Whatever you feel is rightfully yours, go out and take it Even if that means blood and death You know, that's what I was raised up on, that's what this country's about This is what my country is, and my country's a muthafucka The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Millenium Thug Album: Stillmatic Song: My Country Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com American born, American raised, American made [Chorus 2X] My country shitted on me (My country) She wants to get rid of me (Naw, never) Cause the things I seen (We know too much) Cause the things I seen (We seen too much) [Verse 1] (Nas) Aiyyo, it's packed on this Riker's bus The tightest cuffs is holdin' me shackled The life of a thug caught in the devil's lasso On the streets I was invincible Cowards would duck at a glimpse if they knew What my pistol would do, a fuckin' killa Mother's a dopefiend embarrassin' me All in front of my friends In the street smile with no teeth I never knew daddy, heard he had a 72 caddy Died in a robbery, can't remember him, was probably 3 Why didn't my folks just die in this society Why wasn't I a child of a doctor, who left stocks for me Two little brothers, two sisters, them shorties gots to eat Mother's a junkie, she twisted, so all they got is me I'm the provider, with goals to do much better than my father Whether through drugs sold, or holdin' revolvers Blurry visions of dad holdin' me high It comes to me slowly, the words he would cry Repeat Chorus [Verse 2] (Millenium Thug) It is I that step up Me that don't give a fuck, you that foe, then it's all over soldier Hummers and Range's through the desert Fuck a 20-inch, long as we got gas and we got water Troopers lookin' for manslaughter I gotta get back, for what they owe Shoot'em in the back for the get back Lead through shit bag, hold tie gag Forget the life had, now we all rebels Everything burnt down includin' the ghetto We can see 4 miles the land its major rubble And debris from the earth as we knew crumble Yo you could see the sea And the stars look closer to me I'm a mad man, this is a real life movie Mad Max S-K's, AK's max, ABR's spittin' and it ain't a rap My mommy dearest pray for me hopin' I come back But yo Repeat Chorus [Verse 3] (Nas + Millenium Thug) Yo, I'm sittin' behind these prison walls I got this pen and pad wishin' on a visit, God Brothers is here for homicide and yo, it's some for rape Some brothers innocent, I pray that I could just escape How is the war And yo I'm wishin' I was in your shoes Holdin' machine guns Clean fun, shootin' dudes with fatigues on Anywhere is better than this It's America's plan every color of man inherits the shit Yo I'm startin to think it's all a scheme, nobody cares I know the warden is readin' the scribe [MT] But yo I swear, it's a billion dollar business Courts, lawyers and jails We all slaves in the system, I'm bout to rebel [Verse 4] (Millenium Thug) There's not a bitch in sight Or block bench, or black gate Or gray fence, look who fucked it all up, Mr. President I remember yesterday we was on the block gettin' bent Now it's state of the art I just saw the first dude I met here, his head came apart What a bloody mess, a slug fest I just buried 8 of mine, at night I hear grown men cryin' You know I'm spittin' mine I ain't goin' out here, we gotta win Everytime I hear the wind I think a slug went in I'm checkin' my chest, holdin' my head Catchin' my breath, watchin' my back Smokin' this grass, beatin' my dick, thinkin' of ass I don't know what they broadcast, the newsflash is fake Everyday I'm feelin' like you, I wanna escape And if y'all niggas feelin' like me, y'all niggas just say Repeat Chorus [Nas] This goes out to Che Guevara; A Revolutionary destroyed by his country Just trying to fight for what's real This goes out to my nigga Malcolm El-Hajj Malik Shabazz Just trying to fight for what's real This goes out to Martin, all about peace and destroyed by his own country This goes out to everybody in the whole world Just trying to fight for what's real To Patrice Lumumba; Just trying to fight for what's real and destroyed by his own people This goes out to my hood niggaz Coming up everyday just trying to survive the only way we know how But see we know too much now, and we seen too much now So ain't nothing gon' to stop us now To my country, to my country, my country, my country... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic Song: What Goes Around Typed by: NSaneNieves@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah.. aiyyo it's poison Ecstasy, coke - you say it's love, it is poison Schools where I learned they should be burned, it is poison Physicians prescriptin us medicine - which is poison Doctors injectin our infants - with the poison [Verse One] Religion misoverstood is poison Niggaz up in my hood be gettin shot - given poison In hospitals, shots riddle the block Little, children and elderly women run for they lives Drizzlin rain come out the sky every time somebody dies Must be out my fuckin mind, what is this, the hundreth time? Sendin flowers to funerals, readin rest in peace You know the usual, death comes in threes Life is short is what some nigga said Not if you measure life - by how one lives and what he did And funny how these black killer companies is makin money off us Fast food, cola, soda, Skull & Bone crosses, it's all poison [Verse Two] Religion misoverstood is poison Sisters up in my hood try to do good given choices When pregnant, drop out of school or have abortions Stop workin hopin that they find a man that will support them Up late night, on they mother's cordless Thinkin a perm or bleach and cream will make them better when they gorgeous White girls tannin, lyposuction Fake titties are implanted, fake lips that's life destruction Light-skinned women, bi-racial hateful toward themselves Denyin even they blood I don't judge Tiger Woods but I, overstand the mental poison That's even worser than drugs - yo it's poison [Nas] Religion misoverstood is poison Radio and TV poison, white Jesus poison And any thoughts of takin me down is poison Who want beef now, my heat shall annoint them, plaow [Interlude] Never to worry All the wrong doers got it coming back to 'em a thousand times over Every dog has it's day, and everything flips around Even the most greatest nation in the world has it comin back to 'em Everybody reaps what they sews, that's how it goes Innocent lives will be taken, it may get worse but we'll get through it Y'all, be strong [Verse Three] The China-men built the railroad, the Indians saved the Pilgrim And in return the Pilgrim killed 'em They call it it Thanksgiving, I call your holiday hell-day Cause I'm from poverty, neglected by the wealthy Me and my niggaz share gifts, e'ryday like Christmas Slay bitches, and party e'ryday like this is the last I'm with my heckles, connectin and we hittin the lab This is my level, fuck if it get you mad It's all poison, all of my words to enemies it is poison Rappers only talk about ki's, it's all poison How could you call yourself MC's? You ain't poison Think about the kids you mislead, with the poison And any thoughts of taking me down is all poison Who want beef now, my heat shall annoint them, plaow [Hook] What goes around comes around my nigga And what goes up it must come down my nigga The soldiers found below the ground my nigga Just hold it down we older now my nigga What goes around comes around my nigga And what goes up it must come down my nigga The soldiers found below the ground my nigga Just hold it down we older now my nigga [Verse Four] This nigga Ike with the Iverson jersey, light-skinned with herpes Fuckin sisters in Harlem, Brooklyn and D.C. This is the problem cause he never tell 'em he got it from lettin fags suck him off, Rikers Island in nine-three Drives a Benz, hangs at all the parties, all the concerts Backstage where the stars be, rockin they shirts in bitches faces like clockwork - what's your name, where you from? Chain blingin, thinkin girls everywhere is dumb Takin pride in ruinin they lives So they could never have babies, and they could never be wives He never used a condom, give him head he got ya Met the wrong bitch and now he dead from the monster AIDS I contemplate, believin in karma Those on top could just break, and won't be eatin tomorrow I know some bitches who be sleepin on niggaz dreams, they leave When that nigga blow, she the first bitch on her knees Knowin dudes that's neglectin they seeds Instead of takin care of 'em they spendin money on trees I pray for you, deadbeat daddies Cause when them kids get grown it's too late for you Now you old and you gettin shitted on It's all scientific, mystic, you know the Earth and the stars Don't hesitate to say you heard it from Nas What is destined shall be George Bush killer 'til George Bush kills me Much blessings be healthy, remember [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Blitz Album: Stillmatic Song: Every Ghetto (Bonus Track) Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com Uhh... yeah... uhh... [Verse 1: Nas] Blessings of life to the children, they say life is like five days Words of a old man with silver hair, in his wheelchair His eyes were bloody while describin what lies before me Said evil bitches and jealous men would try to destroy me It occurred to me, this old nigga's words couldn't be realer I'm on top now, slightest drama, I'll have ta kill ya Cause animals sense weakness, sharks smell blood in water Ishmael, Moses and Job knew the divine order Shit is plastic material, havin' no life I crash whips and leave it no matter the price As long as I survive, cop a new five Circle the block where the beef's at And park in front of my enemy's eyes They see that it's war we life stealers, hollow-tip lead busters There's no heaven or hell - dead is dead fuckers And your soul is with God, your mind keeps lurkin the earth Watchin your own murder reoccur [Chorus: repeat 2X] For ever struggle, every strip, and every ghetto For every nigga totin inner pain and heavy metal For every child that's born, and every nigga gone And for every breath I breathe and live to see another mornin [Verse 2: Blitz] It's Blitz nigga the streets glory many die for me Got knocked, refused 3 to 9's, went to trial for me Basically I'm just reality, loaded with foul stories of lust Greed and contempt, no street is exempt Extended clip shots, hoods barricaded for 6 blocks I sip shots, watchin em hustlers pitch rocks Oil paintin pictures of my pain, illustrate the city in vain Fallin deep into the pits of the game This is for the sickest state of mind, in these fatal times Vest crimes, nickel-plated nines and niggaz for the dime Hear the sounds of them babies cry, still I'm sayin why do we reside In the ghetto with a million ways to die Stayin high to relieve the pain, breathin in the game Exhalin guilt sin and shame, misery and strain What the fuck will tomorrow bring; luck or anthrax I stand back, hopin I'll make it through tomorrow [Verse 3: Nas] My skin is a art gallery, right - with paintings of crucifixes Hopin' to save me from all the dangers in the music business Was once a young gangsta hangin' with youth offenders But since I tasted paper it started losin the friendships Watchin' kids freeze in winters, they still poor How could I tease them with Benz's and feel no remorse Drivin' past them in the lively fashion, diamond colors clashin' Red stones, blue stones, red bones and black ones Fuck did I expect with bucket seats in a Lex And spendin' time in Chuckie Cheese with Little Des Got guns when I'm with my daughter Hate to bring a violent aura in her presence She knows what daddy taught her, it's lessons Black princess it's a ugly world I put my life up for yours, see I love that girl Could you believe even my shadow's jealous My skin is mad at my flesh, my flesh hates my own bones My brain hates my heart, my heart makes the songs Though my songs come from the Father I'm lonely... Hold me, it's gettin' darker [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic (Circuit City) Song: No Idea's Original Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net * * send corrections to the typist All my jail niggas...Big Lake...whattup nigga...this goes out to the big dreamers...ain't nothin' new man..we been doin' this...this shit gon' keep goin' on forever baby... (Chorus) No ideas original, theres nothin' new under the sun it's never what you do but how it's done  what you base your happiness around, material women and large paper thats means you're inferior, not major  (repeat) [Verse 1] If niggas could look inside my mind you'll find where bodies are buried, first look past the hotties who dimes go to the center, enter with caution  pass the braincell graveyard where weed's responsible for memory losses witness the horrific, the stench will make you nauseus see what I seen, everyday I live with this torture lightin' spliffs up to stay high like Twenty-Four hours sleep with my heat, wash with my gun in the shower my tongue is power, it thrills women, kills demons long as I'm still breathin' I'm still winnin', I'll teach 'em  the hood converted from trey bags to Twenties of girl everybody had money, every summer was real ill Four-finger rings, dope dealers, Kane no half-steppin' with flat tops, but Rakim reigned radios on card tables, Beneton, the Gods buildin' as for todays mathematics, we Allahs children and this was goin' on in every Newyork ghetto kids listened, five-percenters said it's pork in jello  we coincide, we in the same life  maybe a time difference on a different coast but we share the same sunlight. [Chorus] 2x [Verse 2] Your part of the World might be light colors and gangs  while on my side Brothers will murder for different things but it all revolves around drugs, fame, and shorties stuck for your bling, stripped of your chain, the same story  from Czechoslovakia to Texas metropolis  the treachorous rastas and the Mexican mafias be scrappin' with tats on their back, violent wars nothin' less than a lethal injection if ever caught  court rooms, eagles, and flags, American style while in our World the ghetto stays incredibly foul watchin' for paint chips, don't want no led in your child but them gangstas put led in your child, the bezzys be out the chain be like a Hundred K shinin' since Roxanne Shante made runaway thats been a minute, genesis is deep, my features are that of a God it's not a fassad, it's a fact these rappers wanna be Nas my exodus doesn't exist, I'll never leave the streets  it's all in my mind even when asleep  I'm duckin' Nines in my dreams  sireens, wide awake, why'd I think it would change?  can't hide when you're famous or even try to do the same things  like somebody's always watchin'  my life, before I walk out the door I size up every options  eyes cut every direction, it's like God or guns which is better protection? can't decide, thats a hard one  I mean they wanna see me in prison  their chain's bamboozled headline reading "Rapper dead from a Man shooting".  [Chorus] 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ AZ Album: From Illmatic to Stillmatic: The Remixes Song: Life's a Bitch (Arsenal Mix) Typed by: Kres1019@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse One: AZ the Visualiza] Visualizin the realism of life and actuality Fuck who's the baddest a person's status depends on salary And my mentality is, money orientated I'm destined to live the dream for all my peeps who never made it cause yeah, we were beginners in the hood as five percenters But somethin must of got in us cause all of us turned to sinners Now some, restin in peace and some are sittin in San Quentin Others such as myself are tryin to carry on tradition Keepin the schwepervesence street ghetto essence inside us Cause it provides us with the proper insight to guide us Even though, we know somehow we all gotta go but as long as we leavin thievin we'll be leavin with some kind of dough so, and to that day we expire and turn to vapors me and my capers-ll be somewhere stackin plenty papers Keepin it real, packin steel, gettin high Cause life's a bitch and then you die [Chorus: AZ the Visualiza] Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we get high Cause you never know when you're gonna go (Go!) Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we puff lye Cause you never know when you're gonna go (Go!) Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we get high Cause you never know when you're gonna go (Go!) Life's a bitch and then you die; that's why we puff lye..... "Time's is Illmatic" 4x "Destined to live the dream for all my peeps who never made it" 1x "You gotta get the ground beneath your feet, partner Get the wind behind your back Go out in a blaze of glory if you've got to Otherwise you ain't shit You might as well be dead your damn self, y'all" [Verse Two: Nas] I woke up early on my born day, I'm twenty years of blessing The essence of adolescent leaves my body now I'm fresh in My physical frame is celebrated cause I made it One quarter through life some God-ly like thing created Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some Load up the mic and bust one, cuss while I puffs from my skull cause it's pain in my brain vein money maintain Don't go against the grain simple and plain When I was young at this I used to do my thing hard Robbin' foreigners take they wallets they jewels and rip they green cards Dipped to the projects flashin my quick cash and got my first piece of ass smokin blunts with hash Now I think about cash in abundance, niggaz I used to run with is rich or doin years in the hundreds I switched my motto -- instead of sayin fuck tomorrow That buck that bought a bottle could've struck the lotto Once I stood on the block, loose cracks produce stacks I cooked up and cut small pieces to get my loot back Time's is Illmatic keep static like wool fabric Pack a four-matic that crack your whole cabbage Yeah, you know the flavor Nas & AZ on the remix joint This is another explosion from the Arsenal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Ken Staton, Sadat X, Q-Tip (A Tribe Called Quest) Album: From Illmatic to Stillmatic - The Remixes Song: One Love (L.G. Main Mix) Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Opening Skit: Ken Staton, Sadat X, Q-Tip] [-] Word is bond! you got six millions on that jack hero, this shit is real [+] Aiyyo aiyyo aiyyo, aiyyo check this shit out, man [-] Aiyyo God, give me a cigarette man! [+] Yo! here you go, here you go, here you go, Come On!! [-] Check it out man, check out what I got here, man [+] You know I got to check this, what is that?! [-] Yo, this some letter I've got from my man Nas, man ~ Word is Bond! [+] What it said, kid?! [Verse One: Nas] What up kid? I know shit is rough doing your bid When the cops came, you shouldn't slid into my crib Fuck it black, no time for looking back, it's done Plus congratulations, you know you got a son I heard he looks like you, why don't your lady write you? Told her she should visit, that's when she got hyper Flipping, talking about he acts too rough He didn't listen, he be riffing, while I'm telling him stuff I was like yeah, Shorty don't care, she a snake too Fucking with the niggaz from that fake crew that hate you But yo, guess who got shot in the dome-piece? Jerrome's niece, on her way home from Jones Beach It's bugged, plus little Rob is selling drugs on the dime Hanging out with young thugs that all carry Nines And night time there's more tripe than ever What up with Cormega, did you see him, are y'all together? If so then hold the fort down, represent to the fullest Say What's Up to Herb, Ice and Bullet I left a half a hundred in your commissary You was my nigga when push came to shove [Chorus: X2] [Q-Tip] One what? [Nas:-] One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love means keeping it Real [Verse Two: Nas] Dear Born, you'll be out soon, stay strong Out in New York, the same shit is going on The crack-heads stalking, loud-mouths is talking Hold, check out the story yesterday when I was walking The nigga you shot last year tried to appear like he hurting something Word to mother, I heard him fronting And he be pumping on your block, your man gave him your glock And now they run together, what up son, whatever Since I'm on the streets, I'ma put it to a cease But I heard you blew a nigga with an ox for the phone piece Wilding on the Island, but now with Elmira Better chill cause them niggaz will put that ass on fire Last time you wrote, you said they tried you in the showers But maintain when you come home the corner's ours On the reels, all these crab niggaz know the deal When we start the revolution all they probably do is squeal But chill, see you on the next V-I I gave your mom Dukes loot for kicks, plus sent you flicks Your brother's buckwilding in Four Maine he wrote me He might beat his case, 'til he come home I play it low key So stay civilized, time flies, though incarcerated your mind dies I hate it when your moms cries It kinda makes me wanna murder, for real-a I've even got a mask and gloves to bust slugs for one love [Chorus: X2] [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love means keeping it Real [Verse Three: Nas] Sometimes I sit back with a Buddha sack Mind's in another world, thinking how can we exist through the facts Written in school text books, bibles, et cetera Fuck a school lecture, the lies get me vexed-er So I be ghost from my projects I take my pen and pad for the week and hitting L's while I'm sleeping A two day stay, you may say I need the time alone To relax my dome, no phone, left the Nine at home You see the streets have me stressed something terrible Fucking with the corners, have a nigga up in Bellevue Or H.D.M., hit with numbers from 8 to 10 A future in a maximum State Pen is grim So I comes back home, nobody's out but shorty doo-wop Rolling two phillies together in the Bridge we called them Oowops He said, "Nas, niggaz could be busting off the roof So I wear a bullet proof and pack a black treys-deuce" He inhaled so deep, shut his eyes like he was sleep Started coughing, one eye peeked to watch me speak I sat back like the mack, my army suit was black We was chilling on these bitches where he pumped his loose cracks I took an L when he passed it, this little bastard Keeps me blasted, he starts talking mad shit I had to school him, told him don't let niggaz fool him Cause when the pistol blows the ones that's murdered be the cool one Tough luck when niggaz are struck, families fucked up Could've caught your man, but didn't look when you bucked up Mistakes happen, so take heed never bust up At the crowd catch him solo, make the right man bleed Shorty's laugh was cold blooded as he spoke so foul Only twelve trying to tell me that he liked my style Then I rose, wiping the blunts ash from my clothes Then froze, only to blow the herb smoke through my nose And told my little man that I'm a go Cyprose There's some jewels in the skull that he can sell if he chose Words of wisdom from Nas try to rise up above Keep an eye out for jake Shorty, what one love [Chorus: X2] [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Ken-S] One Love, One Love [Q-Tip] One Love, One Love [Outro: Ken Staton] Uhhhh.. One Love means keeping it Real All of the brothers that left up down, keep that One love For the brothers out in the East, keep that One love For all the brothers Uptown, keep that One love For all the brothers in jail, keep that One love One Love means keeping it Real! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: It Ain't Hard to Tell (Remix) 12" Song: It Ain't Hard to Tell (Remix) * Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * also called "Nas Will Prevail" [Verse 1] It ain't hard to tell, I excel and prevail The mic comes in contact with the third rail My raps react, they attack the wack just like a maniac With this, see I'm a brainiac I call you tattoo, you never come off I flip the script with a sawed-off, boss A modern Shakespeare - reincarnated Brains are elevated, I'm bein R rated This style is terror, drastic Meltin the plastic, and I eat mics just like acid Burn your pen and pads, mics you'll need not Cause I be packin like a Rasta in a weed spot Hittin your heart with a hollow-tip verbally illin Minds minipulated, my raps are nickel-plated I execute raps like I'm swingin an axe around This is a mic shut down Notify the President - that I'm bombin your residence and I'm leavin no evidence Voice box yells, lyrics will excel Rappers gettin smoked, you can smell the hot shells Your style is fake snake, well dramatized You might as well be a singer but ain't harmonize/harmin-Nas Here's the break, I can translate lyrics so well I excel, it ain't hard to tell It ain't hard to tell.. [Verse 2] I got a case of vocal fever, I'm here to make you a believer Nas wrecks the tweeters and recievers Lyrics will explode, my brain overloads Gimme a Grammy competition is dead just like Sammy I leave minds magnetized like slaves Your style is old fashion like waves Holdin a pistol at a pastor, pullin the trigger faster Tell 'em I was sent by his Master But that topic's too deep for your ear Here's the science you can comprehend clear Advanced intellectual, a time bomb speeder I'll pull your whole card - just like a palm reader Non-stop, I'm bustin heads like the FEDS baby pops This is not the +Kindergarten Cop+ Put on your blindfold, I'ma release and stand tall I detonate bombs at the policeman's ball This is art from the heart, I leave 'em marked for death in each breath in this game I'm the ref Already I'm ill but I can only get better With lyrics as pretty as a nickel-plated Beretta I master dialects, of uncommon languages A black man caught by the Klan couldn't hang with this These are proverbs, copy cat attackers I'm wanted dead cause I'ma genocide to rappers Battlin Nas is dead when my brain reacts yYu might as well have fell asleep on a train track This ain't the same track that you're used to This is rhythmatic automatic, try it you oughta have it Slaughter your tape recorder; givin thanks to my supporters and keep flowin like water No matter the obstacle, Nasty Nas will prevail Aiyyo, it ain't hard to tell It ain't hard to tell.. [Verse 3] Check it I catch wreck with my intellect, suckers are incorrect I'm gonna win cause you slept on Nas, word is bond, I leave the microphone torn False rappers, you need to write your own song Metaphors of murder man, hittin like Roberto Duran Hold the mic in my hand, my life span Imitators will sweat me like gym class Your raps are fat? Shit, then I'll be Slim Fast New rap recruits I salute then delete 'em Verbally eat 'em, because my ears don't need 'em Nas is a terrorist, analyst Swingin my fists like a nigga breakin, posessed by Satan You couldn't compete with a beat that was fast or slow Brothers is gettin shipped out like I was Castro I can eat your flavor but I'm not a candy lover I use a +Lethal Weapon+, just like Danny Glover Execute monologues, sabotage entourage Mutilate mics like a maniac in bars I talk with slang, and use my brain Generate pain, penetrate your vein Move like a maniac, Nas is nice son Talk to your concience and hit like Tyson No competition, cause I cause wonders Nas will battle rappers by the football numbers A motor mouth killer, rhyme writin thriller Hold a mac-11, and attack a reverand Don't sleep cause you might not wake I speak deep, dialects I translate Queens Prince, commit sins on the regular Murder my competitors, and et cetera Nas is a gypsy Egyptian flippin' the script'n microphone manufacturers are victims My voice makes your ear drums swell.. It ain't hard to tell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ R. Kelly Album: Street Dreams 12" Song: Street Dreams (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Nas] Low profile, rap style, slick as Nu Nile Give the crew pounds everytime we cover new grounds Still surviving but there's a few down, back in the essence I'm asking questions on the phone, with jail adolescents Quiet confession, the system's applying the pressure My mind is guessing, is living and dying a lesson? But not to be obliged with the mirage of cars taking you off track  from with the gods focus on hard Laid up smoking cigars Motioning maids to bring me toast and eggs Kosher, ice chokers and wolves to smoke ya my wisdom culture lives in ultra madness devoted coach bag bitch broke the average nigga's hopes to get mad rich But what's the purpose Only the Gods can watch the Earth twist I'm physically trapped down on the surface with all the crack merchants snakes and serpents foul jakes the searches clowns with four pounds this ain't a circus [Chorus: R. Kelly] Street dreamer Oh mercy mercy me Ain't nothing I got for ya Situations gettin heavy Heavy, heavy Trying to be a gangster [Nas] The black clouds over the hood, I'm on the corner with the thugs  Late night under the moon as they assume I'm slanging drugs Cause I'm hooded up, thought a G a night wasn't good enough Pushed my luck, yo they had a brother put in cuffs Luckily, made it out of court comfortably Judge said I need a job ain't nothing coming free Could've got a one to three I try to school these shorties under me but they can't see  From life to death so know we back to where we never left the ghetto It's a damn shame, knowing it's a man's game Shorty thinks it's time to make ya plans change All that running round trying to chase  what's already here - been there, it's going nowhere Pops told me knuckle up - no fear I wish some of these killings they could be prevented whatever happens it was written meaning God meant it but during ya life you put ya heart in it even though it seems we being targeted let that brother R hit it [Chorus] (extended) [Nas] Sort of wild, since a child, hope was all we had Drip the bust out past complaning the mental straining how many in my crew is into gaining subtract the weak links about the chaining rise it start raining Blasphemy using Nas name in vain Some claim supreme being yet they lied in his name I tried to learn the game and the only thing I found incredible Everything I tried to learn see, I already knew (that's right) And it's embedded in my heart now  so I can sit back, count a stack and play my part now I saw my life flash in front of my eyes, he wore disguise Put a gun to me hungry he went on to chastize That's Nas ain't it, made it rich from entertainment Fresh Wally's painted, as he told the kid he came with My first thought was how the game flip Yo perhaps it was somebody I smacked drunk in a party on yak Or was I marked for a contract for some foul act I did a while back or beyond that You got me laying face flat Saying my grace black, woke up in a cold sweat Yo, I hate that Nightmares, feeling real, word to Will My A-Alike I lost in the battlefield That's why I hit the mic with mad appeal Grab ya shield and meet ya maker Queens niggaz die for paper These the things the street dreams will take ya [Chorus] (repeat to the end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ The Firm Album: Street Dreams 12" Song: Affirmative Action (Remix)  Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse One: Foxy Brown Check it, uhh Protect this, nigga for the necklace I throw the death wish , the pretty slim sex shit The rep this, remember Fox said this We on some next shit, we are blessed this The scares on our backs mean we met this The lie for them, for 25 sentence To keep my eyes on 'em, I straight knowin' when the light shine on 'em Shitty drugs and drama, oppposite three pretty thugs and a don momma Fillin' the rest, the steel in they chest And Boogs threw the kiss of death, it was over And we laid out, chill I was open off the way he ate out It was real, for real I was fuckin' wit' mills and he was frag-ile We wowin', the brown stallion Stay stylin', on the low foulin' The whole Firm woulin', we lucked it I know the trick bitch he fuck with, on some duct shit Heard through the grade that she sucked it, Firm Sos and Esco Mad loco, Fox and Mega for whatever and through this chedda We gon' stay family, till we fry though The fam will never split even if one of us die though Along with our get go's, we gon' blaze til it brick-o's Peep the na na, sweet taboo The Firm tattoo on the tha tha, now tell me what crew Hold it down like we do da da Verse Two: Az the Vizuiliza Till the death of this, murderous moves persue effortless Ice neckalce, high priced dressed executives Peep the grammer, flim built strong stamina Forty-four nickel plate long with the silencer Play for keeps in shut eye you stay sleep shit Remain deep in ???? thrown at ya veins jeeps Juiliani suite got all the kings goin' up for creek Devil like biz now, who left his twirl in the streets No intelligence, stritcly slow niggaz minds with ???? It's evident, Feds mess up paid ya residents We all for livin', heavyweight Firm division Mine, I check mine ?Iaswines? is my religion You know the stees, take aim, cock and squeeze It's the prophecies, got the philosciphies Socrates Next up Verse Three: Cormega Yo I believe that's me (yo Mega represent for the family) Aye yo, the Feds fot me in the top ten, cuz when my door got knocked in A four four man's hoped in, my sinister mind Shines like a Dilinger, Mega exhaulted Babyface crime emperor Yo life is based on cultures and creeds, and feed the way Be the thug nigga sess, I've seen niggaz tied up Handcuffed and ????, cold crisis is live when drugs supply driver The Millenium drives up, rimes and my blinds ya eyes temporarily Nas and Mega be heavily armed for felony, John you could never see The next fat cat of NYC, It Was Written like ghetto life heirogriphics Livin' since my real niggaz bailed me out of prision, a lot of scams Cause the narcotics beamin', Queens had marked dollars And the knowledge of thieves, my dream is the legacy Of my penetentary, fake thugs couldn't even take gloves to burry me Verse Four: Nas Escobar To all theroughbreds takin' the corners, ya'll need to join us Firm most powerful nation of rap performers, high class generals Confidence, payin' lawyers Swift as Oscar Delaholia, green berett warriors Fakes I keep them like the John Kennedy tape, in the new with two Bustin' all in they face, I'm never worried cause your see through My man built the Sugar Hill from sweet tooth, we all eat Cause we I speak truth, uneducated black youth  Street diploma, teach Greeks and Romans but the legacy was stollen It's a Firm thing, generally green I wrote the theme  On how to sell a million while ya cats are mad at ya promotion team I roll with the nice as Fox, black ice pushin' whips without a license Yeah, tight as five strokes, Nas got 19 wifies Seven sheisty, nine of them Piceses Three white meats under tight cheese, woulin' Big links is heavy like bricks, used to want a pitbull While feedin' them raw steak, it's core take More cake, I take the time off the so-called king of the town And lock it down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: From Illmatic to Stillmatic: The Remixes Song: One Mic Remix Typed by: kres1019@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist {*speaking softly, gradually getting louder*} Turn my headphones up, it's pure Nuttin' gonna stop me now, Stillmatic Tye Fyfe remix, you know? (I'm here now, we here, it's your world) Ill Will y'all Yo, all I need is one mic, one beat, one stage One person front, my face on the front page Only if I had one love, one girl and one crib One God to show me how to do things his son did Pure, like a cup of virgin blood; mixed with 151, one sip'll probably make me flip See my name in the hieroglyphs, like Osiris and Isis Parables written inside papyruses Ackowledge it, we been all tricked time to come out of it Seeds watch us, grow up and try to follow us Police watch us {*siren*} roll up and try knockin' us One knee I ducked, could it be my time is up But my luck, I got up, the cop (shot) again Bus stop, glass bursts, a fiend drops his Heineken Richochetin' between the spots that I'm hidin' in Blackin' out as I duck back, forget gettin' hit! {*more sirens*} This is my hood I'ma rep, to the death of it 'til everybody come home, little brothers is grown Hoodrats, don't abortion your womb, we need more warriors soon Sent from the star sun and the moon In this life of police chases street sweepers and coppers Stick-up kids with no conscience, leavin' victims with doctors IF YOU REALLY THINK YOU READY TO FLY, WITH MIND POWER THIS IS WHAT NAS IS 'BOUT, BROTHERS THE TIME IS NOW! {*whispering again*} Yo, all I need is one mic.. All I need is one mic.. that's all I need All I need is one mic.. all I need All I need is one mic.. yeah {*gradually getting louder*} All I need is one cup, one page, and one pen One prayer - tell God forgive me for one sin Matter fact maybe more than one, Look back at all the hatred against me, touch alla them Jesus died at age 33, there's thirty-three (shots) From twin (glocks) there's sixteen a piece, that's thirty-two Which means, one of my dunns was holdin 17 Twenty-seven hit your crew, six went into you Everybody gotta die sometime; hope your funeral Never get caught up, pain'll go through the innocent Nothin' is fair, brothers roll up, (shootin') from wheelchairs My heart is racin', tastin' revenge in the air I let this all slide for too many years, too many times Now I'm strapped with a couple of (macs), too many (nines) If y'all people really wit me get busy load up the (semis) Do more than just hold it explode the (clip) until you empty There's nothin' in our way - they bust, we bust, they rush, we rush (Lead) flyin', feel it? I feel it in my gut THAT WE TAKE THESE DUDES TO WAR, LIE 'EM DOWN CAUSE WE STRONGER NOW MY PEOPLES THE TIME IS NOW!! {*whispering again*} All I need is one mic.. that's all I need, that's all I need All I need is one mic.. there's nuttin' else in the world All I need is one mic.. that's all a (nigga) need to do his thing y'know All I need is one mic.. {*starting loud this time, getting quieter*} ALL I NEED IS ONE LIFE, ONE TRY, ONE BREATH I'M ONE MAN WHAT I STAND FOR SPEAKS FOR ITSELF, THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND Or wanna see me on top, too egotistical Talkin all that slick stuff, while my name is biblical Wonder what my secrets is, enemies'll move on you Only if they know, what your weakness is I have none Too late I'm mad young I'm laughin' cause I'm a cool brother Thought I wouldn't have that ass done? Fooled you brothers What you call a infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin' War gets deep, some beef is everlastin' Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin' each other up in prison yards, drama, where does it start? You know the block was ill as a youngster Every night it was like a, (cop) would get killed body found in the dumpster For real a hustler, purchased my Range, people throwin dirt on my name Jealous cause fiends got they work and complain Women left me cause they thought I was finished Shoulda knew she wasn't true she came to me when her man caught a sentence Diamonds are blindin', I never make the same mistakes Movin' with a change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight Swellin' my melon cause none of these brothers real Heard they were, tellin' police, how can a kingpin squeal? This is crazy, I'm on the right track I'm finally found You need some soul searchin', the time is now All I need is one mic.. yeah, yeah yeah yeah All I need is one mic.. that's all I ever needed in this world, (fuck) cash All I need is one mic.. (fuck) the cars, the jewelry All I need is one mic.. to spread my voice to the whole world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Doo Rags Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh [Nas] Pushin drop-tops, Stacy Lattisaw tapes, the 80's had us all apes Youngest gorillas up to bat at home plate That was a uncanny era, guns in my pants Yeah X-Clan hair, with dreads at the top of my fade Homicide and feds on the blocks where I played, b-ball That's when I wondered was I here for the cause, or be-cause Cause Ray Charles could see the ghetto Was told to stay strong and I could beat the Devil Cause yo, I used to play Apollo balcony seats Watchin niggaz swing razors in the front row, then out in the streets The car show, 560's, chemical afros Acuras pumpin Super Lover Cee and Casanova Live chicks be, asses bustin out of they clothes Wearin lip gloss, big door knockers pealin they earlobes So where them years go? Where the old gold beers and cheers go? But now them shorties here doe, so The doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs Riker's Island busses still packed, what's the word? The drinkers stay drinkin, or puffin they herb And I'm, still enjoyin life's ride; one mo' time The doo rags are back, fitted hats, snorkels and furs Riker's Island busses still packed, what's the word? The drinkers still drinkin, or puffin they herb And I'm, still enjoyin life's ride; right? [Nas] Political thugs in shark suits persuade us to pull triggers in army boots, yellin "Join the armed forces!" We lost the Vietnam War, intoxicated poisons Needles in arms of veterans instead of bigger fortunes There's still a lot of nigga callin in the corporate offices War in the ghetto, we crabs in a barrel, they torture us They won't be servin the beast too long The murderers wearin police uniforms, confederate flags I burn Beat Street breakers were dancin to the music I chose And Peachtree Atlantic crackheads was tootin they nose in frozen corners of Chicago, loaded up Llama's children with fo'-fo's, and double-revolvers We devil incarnates, headed for jail Where Shell gas company in South Africa be havin us killed Your paper money was the death of Christ And all these shorties comin up just resurrect your life It's like a cycle [Nas] Niggaz used to wear rags on they hair when it was fried up That's when we were lied to, buyin hair products Back before my generation, when our blackness started disintegratin 'til awareness started penetratin The styles come from prison, they used potatoes makin liquor just to prove we some creative niggaz Turnin nothin into somethin, is God work And you get nothin without struggle and hard work War is necessary to my niggaz in chains From Greene to Sing-Sing, I'm wantin y'all to know one thing The hardest thing is to forgive, but God does Even if you murdered or robbed, yeah it's wrong, but God loves Take one step toward him, he takes two toward you Even when all else fail, God support you I done it, got God sun on my stomach My heart and my lungs was affected from Henny's and gettin blunted Do your body right and it loves you back You only get one life, and yo because of that I'm still blazin, goin out for the cause Still rockin stockin caps, not for the waves, obeyin no laws And it's like that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: My Way Typed by: jasper00711@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] Word to Will, buried in his fila suit and heavy chain I wanna be iced-up nigga, bury me the same I live for street glory and I die for ghetto fame Respect all, fear none, my pride is everything Initials in swimming pools floors, women lose draws A true boss, never lose wars, got cheddar to floss Guns under beds, mask and a flashlight Living my life like everyday's my last night Alcoholic on toilets, I shit blood Foreign cars, models and stars, life of a rich thug Mama told me from weed, I would switch drugs To cocaine and hit clubs and deep-dish dubs How would she know unless she hit the clubs, got her mack-on Back in the 60's with an afro and her platforms Bopping to the supremes, smoking joints That's cool, but I'ma live how I want [Chorus 1] I did it my way, from crumbs and roaches and rats I did it my way, converted in from hustling to raps I did it my way, from break dancing, back spins on the cardboard I did it my way, to bullet proof bentleys, gats in the car's door I did it my way, never gave a fuck what nobody said I did it my way, they hope that I fail and wished I was dead I did it my way, if I fucked op it falls on me I did it my way, I'm lucked up and struck rich, now we all can eat [Nas] Gateways, marble floors, chandeliers Juzzi's, gucci soap, throwing cash in the air Though I, still feel broke with millions in the bank And deals on the table, I focus to stay afloat And just to think some would die to get with I got They think its alot, the blink of an eye, you could get shot Niggas is wolves, coming if you ruthless or not But i be on point, put you in places where bodies rot Never knew murder till I seen my man get popped No blood soaking, laying there, eyes still open I got a little closer, put my hand in his palm He was looking right through me, Yo staring beyond I wonder what he saw, the limoes, movies and tours Did he die in vain and represent for the cause Now I put his name on everything I'm involved And that's the game, Ya'll can't relate, fuck ya'll (Ill Will) [Chorus 2] I did it my way, from crumbs, roaches and rats I did it my way, converted in from hustling to raps I did it my way, I call it how I see it niggas I did it my way, if you don't like it so be it niggas I did it my way, I make my own rules, I do my own plans I did it my way, gangstas do what they want Suckers do what they can't I did it my way, taking sacrifices kid I did it my way, but now you only getting one life to live [Nas] Yo, hoes in my fold can slow me, roll with the brokest homies Cold and we hopeless lonelies, scolding my foes who phony From blocks where coke can feed you and cops are over evil They know some people who tell on felons who sold some diesil Here on and blow it rurals, its mine, knew a crew one time '89, they took work to Caroline and blew big time In just two years, their crew disappear Snitches and bitches, smeared the paint on their pictures Years back, I reminiscence and remember, sitting on wood benches Gave me splinters, just a baby nigga thankful When them killers came through, guns out, moving I think the ones who said shorty go home, we about to be shooting [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: U Gotta Love It Typed by: jasper00711@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Real conversation for that ass (It's what they want) Huh (It's what they want) What you said, can't hear you man (It's what they want) Speak the fuck up (It's what they want) Word (Its what they want) [Nas] Nastradamus, skama lit, know when I rep Flow when I'm set, got the chips to a lotus my whip Gold on my neck was once a code of respect For high rollers and vets Now it's loads of baguettes, prefer a mack-10 over a tech No matter sober or wet, I smack soldiers, cadets Trees that might eject my hype back Famous phrase "Nigga light that" Hoes you fuck, ask you where your ice at, dunn It's all about playboys, when we was young Can only get tongue, then finally we can cum Busting in hoes, guzzling 4's Crack blitz, '86, you turn hustling pro From bottles, to seven in your hand To fake pepsi's to get to the crack, unscrew the can Gleam blunted, seeing 100's, stacks of boy with a lean on it We got it if the fiends want it The whole block singing the same theme "Don it" Fuck it, too many crabs in the bucket If its ice work, I'm gonna truck it You gotta love it, you gotta love it (It's what they want) fuck it (It's what they want) you gotta love it (It's what they want) fuck it (It's what they want) you gotta love it (It's what they want) fuck it (It's what they want) you gotta love it (It's what they want) (it's what they want) (it's what they want) [Nas] Some girls get too emotional, fanatic extremist Get pulsive with malice insentitives, the foulest of bitches Hung up my riches, her childest wishes Be suspicious of those sleeping with fishes, them hoes Conspicuous and it shows, tricking this dough Kicking this flow, slip in a new fo' So when your click roll, I let my clips go, Niggas on opposite polls I got that confident soul, for those locked in a hole Inhuman, living hostile opposed To living on the streets, proper from my top to my toes Aeropostale my clothes, Vernon niggas in suburbans with liquor Preposterous foes, finicky foul niggas See niggas and blacks, there goes a loud difference Coke sniffing, tapping 13 year old chickens You can't be a kingpin when you snitching Regardless, we still make you a target We shoot you and chill, chrome objects Hit you in your projects, its street anomics This rhyme is edited, credited through ebonics Miserable cats, hunger painting Get off your ass, stop complaining My crew be in Montego Bay margariting  While you home, waiting your arraignment This thug life you claimed it, I make millions from entertainment  Now back in the hood, certain cats they wanna kill me They ice grill me, but on the low, niggas feel me You gotta love it, you gotta love it (It's what they want) fuck it (It's what they want) you gotta love it (It's what they want) fuck it (It's what they want) you gotta love it (It's what they want) (it's what they want) (it's what they want) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Nothing Lasts Forever Typed by: sdotcarter_the1st@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist A lot of times it seems like, you ain't gon' make it where you wanna be in life But, yo if you got a plan, believe me you gon' get there You gon' get everything you ever wanted baby That's my word Trust, my niggas come home from long bids They check for me before they see their own kids I open up accounts for 'em, we bounce tour in major cities, arenas, headline with big time singers Cop Ferraris with navigational screens guide us through your hood and any locality, head back to Queens Piped out seats, Oakwood mb cord speakers Bumpin' out old shit That made me think of Old Easters '86 in a le tigre short sleeves Lees, flip the cuffs up, gettin' fucked up from Old E, Fresh Fest, niggas got hurt 100 niggas rush the door with Queensbridge tournament shirts Back then, nobody wore a vest Pull out razors, you had to put your hand skills to the test Get your Pumas took, come home barefoot willin' Look at the chain I snatched with a medallion worth a thousand Cops rushed the garden made it home smilin' Half of the crew probably on the island Project call play puff ball the hoop was made out of a hanger Playin' corners stick the elevator never thought Project life was promised nothin' but to die trife for steppin' on the next man's nikes my motto look for tomorrow Today is yesterday look at the hood now, I'm mad that it turned out that way Gats spray these shorties is killers The older G's taught us well, what's wild now is that they're smaller And they look at me like I'm on the outside lookin' in Like 'who's you' when I cruise through I call shorty took him in watch your friends, get ends be clever, realize that today's the first day that begins forever Everything will eventually come to an end So try to savor the moment, cuz time flies don't it The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better Cuz nothin' lasts forever Everything will eventually come to an end So try to savor the moment, cuz time flies don't it The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better Cuz nothin' lasts forever Nice cars, livin' like a star club hoppin' Poppin' bottles at the bar love shoppin' Gucci iceberg, coppin' two, three nice furs One for your wife, one for your freak silver spurs Rolls Royce too good to be true, houses worth 2.2 Pool parties beautiful view You made it in life, Forbes Magazine style baggy jeans style Pass the green while hoes wit' meanwhile Asses, pretty mommies illest bodies pass glasses Louis Roderra with Peach Schnapps you just relaxin' Thinkin' damn wish my niggas could afford this On the sand at your Malibu house holdin' a cordless Talkin' to lawyers accountants investments Money doubles, triples protected hard work you manifested Worries of failure, when you buried will your familia Keep your name prosperin' to the maximum You should live, there's only one life that's the physical Rich or poor in jail why the fuck should you be miserable Things happen for reasons, the clock keeps tickin' Love could have your heart beat skippin', thugs turn to religion The bitch you love could start to hate you, the shit you use to do escape you Things that make you laugh represent the past Reminisce the block gamble gees on the floor Niggas use to be the man, you don't see 'em no more Your favorite restaurants and favorite stores, they tore 'em down Turn 'em into shopping malls the hood is like a ghost town Haunted by souls who thought that time stood still Just live your life to the fullest, never look back, it's real Everything must eventually come to an end So try to savor your moments, cuz time flies don't it The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better Cuz nothin' lasts forever, ya know I said everything eventually comes to an end So try to savor your moments, cuz time flies don't it The beauty of life, you gotta make it last for the better Cuz nothin' lasts forever Ya know, ya now, nothin' lasts forever ya know let it go, let it go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: No Idea's Original Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, uhh Uhhh, uhhh, uhhh [Intro: repeat 2X] No idea's original, there's nothin new under the sun It's never what you do, but how it's done What you base your happiness around material, women, and large paper That means you inferior, not major [Nas] If niggaz could look inside my mind, you'll find where bodies are buried, first look past the hotties who dimes Go to the center, enter with caution, past the braincell graveyard where weed's responsible for memory loss Let's witness, the horrific, the stench'll make you nauseous See what I seen every day I live with this torture Lightin spliffs up to stay high like 24 hours Sleep with my heat, wash with my gun in the shower My tongue is power, it thrills women, kills demons Long as I'm still breathin I'm still winnin, I'll teach 'em The hood converted from trey bags to 20's a girl Everybody had money, every summer was real ill Four-finger rings, dope dealers, 'caine/Kane "No Half Steppin'" with flat tops when Rakim reigned Radios on card tables, Benetton, the Gods buildin Ask for today's mathematics, we Allah's children And this was goin on in every New York ghetto Kids listened, Five Percenters said it's pork and Jell-o We coincide, we in the same life, maybe a time difference on a different coast, but we share the same sunlight Your part of the world, might be like colors and gangs While on my side, brothers'll murder for different things But it all revolve around drugs, fame and shorties Stuck for your bling, stripped for your chain, the same story From, Czechoslovakia to Texas metropolis Them, treacherous rocksters in the Mexican mafias Be scrappin with tats on they back, violent wars Nothin less than a lethal injection if ever caught Courtrooms, eagles and flags, American style While in our world, the ghetto stays incredibly foul Watchin for paint chips, don't want no led in yo' child But them gangstas put lead in yo' child, the bezzy be out The chain be like a hundred K Shinin since Roxanne Shante' made "Runaway"; that's been a minute Genesis is deep, my features are that of a God It's not a facade it's a fact, these rappers wanna be Nas My Exodus doesn't exist I'll never leave the streets, it's all in my mind Even with sleep I'm duckin nines in my dreams Si-rens, wide awake, why'd I think it would change Can't hide when you famous or even try to do the same things like Somebody's always watchin, my life Before I, walk out the door I size up every option Eyes cut every direction, it's like God or guns Which is better protection? Can't decide, that's a hard one I mean they wanna see me in prison, the chains bamboozled Headline readin "Rapper Slain From a Man Shootin" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Blaze a 50 Typed by: PulsarNX89@aol.com, WillieEsco03@aol.com Blaze a 50, sit back in the drop top Azure Bentley of course wit me, this chick who'd make Bobby divorce Whitney Brizilian candy, from Miami massouse, wedding ring on, lovin Celine Dion hate rap, told me where she get caked at shes a part time danca, part time romanca tries to be a mother when she gets a chance ta left her husband, alone to raise they son hes in pampers modeled for a year, got her bachelors degree 33 recoverin from plastic surgery went from 34B to 36 double D met her in San Diego at tha Super Bowl party had the Heiny sipped it up, wit Terrell Davis MVP, we flicked it up from Sports Illustrated I was silked out, flossin wit stout, he had the gators when she walked in, she lit up the room, like Las Vegas Terrell said our mans a full back for the Raiders a drunk whod fuck cheerleaders and wind up in the papers its easy to get the pussy, just dont fall in love next thing u know im hugged up wit this bitch in tha tub Palm Springs, Al Capone's Sweate washin her feet is this love? somebody's wife fuckin a thug hittin it raw, tastin it, wildin out on my charactor, tapin it Tyra Banks face is face lift, givin head like she knew me for years pillow talk, she let out tears, told me bout her husbands affairs millions, she would get, if his neck got slit she rolled the equality, then passed the lye ta me told me bout her mans life insurance policy he stays on the golf course, wears Drakkar Sport evenings he drinks his wines on his private resort you can take a man here goes the keys you can slip in the rear chop a nigga up, yo, meet me somwhere so we can make more money, then you could ever see rappin split the cash 'n, move to Venezuela, adaptin' P-11's, A-C-P Shells for blastin caught him wit his spanish maid, he had a liter wit a can of spray burnin her legs, she tied to the bed sex S and M, sadomasochistic sadistic, yoked her from behind, blew him out exsistance his maid cried no, lucky she was blind fold naked wit, mad burn marks, all on her thighs yo twelve point five million, he kept his funds in the loines of London goes to his wife and his children yo i thought, what if shorty gets scared, electric chairs all i vision all she'll probably get is psychiatric supervision I'll switch the plan, then maybe fly to Switzerland fake ID, forge his wife name, catch the next flight the same night headed to Spain, nice game, now its back to where we meet again.. ( reverse scratch ) Blaze a 50 sit back in a droptop Bezour Bently of course wit me, this chick who'd make Bobby divorce Whitney top down, nightmare, blow her hair sky black, stars glow, the face on the moon stare fast lane on the nine-five, honey laughs about the cash took a blast, out of her coke bag snorted it, started screamin yo we almost crashed! earlier i took the coke out, replaced it wit crushed up glass her head nodded down to her chest, slowly she fell asleep overwhelmed by greed, put to death The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Everybody's Crazy Typed by: mdarby@stu.ny.devry.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] Nasir bin Olu Dara bis do Allah Fisk full of dollars in a dice game god D & D glass cloth Kangols guided by angel with white wings Nas the Viking fresh from my ankles thankful Gangster see gangster do I'm Langston Hughes predecessor Gun on my dresser slang I use upset college professor More knowledge than Webster dictionary obituary column plus sign 'em the first fake rapper murdered for rhyming The jig is up gut 'em like fish swiss cheese 'em up My wrist is freezing up sick of these ducks on my hiatus Poking out their chest like they tall as sky scrapers But they small as a shanty in a African village  Soft as cotton candy we assassins and killers  Let shottie off in club floors pellets spraying your familia You screaming like you love war [Hook: repeat 2X] Everybody's crazy  Somebody's gonna get shot get rob get done get stomp get drop Ladies love thugs and my thug love hip hop Thugs love ladies and ladies they love hip hop [Nas] Peace fuck you with a fist in your ass You pussy with yeast, you shook of the streets, you a Sisqo fag You know blood baths I makes 'em fake thugs I hate 'em 8 slug I'm bustin' no discussion or waiting Cause now Instead of coke rhymes it's laying No analog it's digital criminals turned rapper times is changing niggaz get flashier houses more plusher  Bitches giving ass up at ages more younger Hands on the clock keep turning, hands on a glock they keep squeezing Bullets stop in your sternum they stop you from breathing I'm light year far your mouth get all white when I'm near you I frighten your heart I want you to watch me notice stare look closely Feel I'm who you posed to be real I know it hurts you Soldiers approach you, you want to squash it, you older than most dudes Although Nas did you and your whole crew, but [Hook] [Nas] I know where niggaz sleep; it's too many schemes too many plots War plus money man I got too many spots Hungry niggaz get tutored to thinking new shit to come up Killers fuck with killers you sleeping you getting stuck up Not me your not ready I'm low but I be watching We all connected so your man know my man Your man knows my fam' they was cool when they was locked up Beat cases and now niggaz back on the block what Bothers is taking secret routes when they drive Tinted windows ears to the street stay on their job Peep niggaz that go t prices on their head so high Their own my will take the contract surprise So we play a mental game intimidation  Got pussy niggaz get pressed up on and paying I wish these niggaz would step up wait for the day an Since I'm famous they thinking assault rifles won't be spraying Who ever thinking coming to my vault for the safe I got some niggaz with acid get it thrown in your face Play dirty catch your moms in J-30 Whatever whodie we all crazy we all 7:30 now [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Purple Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Light it, uhh Light it up, uhh [Nas] The whole, city is mine, prettiest Don I don't like the way P. Diddy did Shyne with different lawyers Why it's mentioned in my rhymes? Fuck it, it's just an intro Hate it or love it, like it bump it or dump it Writing, across the stomach spell GOD son Life is like a jungle black it's like the habitat of Tarzan Matter of fact, it's harder than most can imagine Most of my niggaz packed in correctional facilities Half of them passed on, mack strong, couple of shots May the ghost leave a body, now they hauntin the block Where they used to stand at, somebody's takin they place A younger man perhaps, hand slaps, can't understand that Same walk, same talk, I wonder can that be possible A thug dies, another step inside his shoes And they will hurt you, layin low with a bottle I'm blowin circles, my state of mind purple Light it, light it, uhh Yeah.. light it up, light it up, uhh Y'all just wanna deal with drama Talk about niggaz who got things, y'all ready to kill his momma Everything you went to is underworld related You sell your man out, not even your girl is sacred You don't trust a soul, hold up, you moldin soldiers to pull guns quick and always look behind the shoulder Think of how many dudes died tryin to be down with you Everybody's under six feet of ground but you Still standin, still roamin through the streets, that's real You a survivor, knowin all the beef is ill You got a bunch of thugs witchu even now that's ready Trustin your judgment, quick to put it down, they deadly The hood love you but behind your back they pray for the day A bullet hit your heart and ambulances take you away That ain't love it's hate, think of all the mothers at wakes whose sons you killed, and you ain't got a cut on your face? Unmarked police cars roam the streets hard, the heat is God Somebody tell these shorties reach for the stars Instead they tell 'em how to reach through the bars, holdin a mirror Lookin down a tear in jail, makin weapons to kill ya We smoke three tokes nigga pour more Henny He sighs with eyes that seen a war too many Cold-blooded murderers, universal Hood to hood, blowin smoke, state of mind is purple Light it up, light it up light it up, uhh Light it up.. light it up, light it up, uhh Uhh.. uhh, uhh, light it, light it, uhh These hot-headed youngsters, always get into trouble Reactin before thinkin, they easily irritated And murder's premeditated, it's a fact that we sinkin when we should be climbin, in a nutshell, it's just jail Drug sales, liquor and diamonds, niggaz rewindin instead of movin forward, to blow up so what's the science? People shoutin, police pushin the crowd And on the ground's a young soldier, with meat hangin out him Am I hallucinatin off the hazin? Or did I just see a nigga shoot another nigga's face in It's a ugly nation, cops circle the block with mug shots Photograph pictures of, suspect faces It's usually, two or three niggaz who innocent But if they lock the wrong ones up, then someone'll snitch A divide and fall strategy, they aren't fair I dig in my bag of weed that's covered with orange hair This Color Purple'll make Whoopi give me the pussy (?) Oprah and Danny Glover gots to feel me This is how I escape the madness, too much of anything'll hurt you So, my state of mind's all purple The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Drunk By Myself Typed by: Paes1@yahoo.com Uhh,Uhh, Where am I going? Where am I? Yo, it's ill [Verse 1] Yo my wife's tired of fucking me Life tries ducking me Luckily I find 'em just at the right time Mack in my right arm, Tequila bottle in  My left arm like Cristian Watching my life go, keeping myself in Wolves in the night yo, hells men Two revolvers I can let twelve spin Hop in my Benz, push it to the limit Buck-sixty, who wit' me? My (?) to well  Twisted blunts and inner conscience Telling me that I aint shit No matter how much cash I sit with Still gotta ask the lord for forgiveness My precious baby girl came like forty nights of rain To replenish my adolescent brain Blessed be her name, before her birth I was insane So I drive the cooler pressure down, delay the pain I ate from these poisonous, fucked up streets Tasted larceny, it was sweet, I starved for more to eat Though I took, that was to live, hope God will forgive As odd as it is, the more I gain the harder it is To maintain, bitches playin' games Niggas snitchin', I aint saying names But y'all niggas better watch how y'all slang Lost so many close niggas, drunk almost crashed I'm going too fast, highway patrol will just flash Lights in my rearview, if they stop me I hope they lock me Instead they speed ahead Yo nigga watch me I'm drunk by myself, gun under my seat I don't want none of my peeps caught up in none of my beef I'm a ride to the end of the road if I have to Praying no car speeds by for me to crash to Steering wheel in my hand Trying to hold it steady Anything in my way is dead Cause that's the way I feel, I am already When I'm drunk by myself alone in the zone Drunk by myself [Verse 2] Heard niggas hate me, but I hated too once Been in the shoes of a Wolf in the night when he hunts For every shell niggas bust, we bust at ourselves Can't tell them niggas nothing though, bullets wak'em up well Take them to hell Stick up niggas once ran up on me My deckited lifestyle attracted sharks on me I aint your mark homey It's hard to look straight, my foot on the brake Spilling my bottle not even shook of the Jakes Could hardly look both ways, put out the hayes blurry vision Think about the time in my life before I was in televison Hella women, jealous niggas up in my vision Since we all hood niggas expect kilos For what they not seeing is police expect Rico Only if I could take care of everybody, intoxicated Windows up blastin A.C. going wherever instinct takes me I hate it when I'm like this The bottle's my accomplice [Verse 3] The reason that I want to be alone  Tired of all the things that went wrong  That would have went right if I would have did it on my own Take another swigg The more I drink, the more I think bad thoughts Fake friends who hung around who wanna bring you down Not knowing who to trust, runors about niggas coming through Supposedly to shoot at us, not knowing what was true Or what to believe, that's why I'm on the low lately Choosing a Henny bottle over a friend, lost again To keep my mind off that weak shit There's love through it all, things to live for I swerve, almost crash into a wall Think about the good, find myself laughing Turn the cell off, no way to be reached Know I'm near my crib, trying to see my way through the streets Reminded of the positive, I take my drunk ass home Start feeling out of it, can't wait to get out of this whip Bring my ass to the crib I'm tired... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Black Zombie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh [Nas] Yo, you believe when they say we ain't shit, we can't grow? All we are is dope dealers, and gangstas and hoes? And you believe when they be tellin you lie, all on the media? They make the world look crazy to keep you inside? Why you listen when the teachers at school know you a young single parent out strugglin, they think you a fool Give your kids bad grades and put 'em in dumber classes Killin shorty future, I wonder how do we last it Underground in they casket? Ancestors turnin I'm learnin somethin every day, there is no Lazareth Words like God is Greek or Latin So if you study Egypt, you'll see the truth written by the masters My niggaz is chillin, gettin high, relaxin Envisionin, ownin shit, yo it can happen What do we own? Not enough land, not enough homes Not enough banks, to give a brother a loan What do we own? The skin on our backs, we run and we ask for reperations, then they hit us with tax And insurance if we live to be old, what about now? So stop bein controlled, we black zombies [Chorus: *sung*] Walkin talkin dead, though we think we're livin (black zombies) We just copy-cat, followin the system (black zombies) Walkin talkin dead, though we think we're livin (black zombies) We just copy-cat, followin the system (black zombies) [Nas] Aiyyo we trapped in our own brain, fuck behind bars We've already gone insane They've already gave up, cut our own heads offs Stab our own backs and dream too much without fulfillin reality; too greedy and can't have one or two chains, we need three of dem Can't have one or two guns without squeezin 'em on our own people and, fuck black leaders cause whites ain't got none leadin them, the rhythm is cosmic Nas is divinity, the deity's prophetless All get down and get up Victims walkin 'round with Down's Syndrome, all stuck Faintin, shoutin, catchin Holy Ghost in church Scared to do it for ourselves 'less we see somebody doin it first We begged, we prayed, petitioned and demostrated Just to make another generation - black zombies [Nas] You scared to be yourself, cause you in a trance Feel free, hear the music and dance If you cared what they think, why wear what they wear, just for you Dumb niggaz with long beards like they Arabs or Jews or from Israel, (?)bish'meal Allah, el-rachman, el-Rahim(?) Islam's a beautiful thing And Christian and Rastafari, helps us to bring peace against the darkness, which is unGodly So what's the black man's true religion, who should we follow? Use your own intuition, you are tommorrow {*roaring*} .. that's the sound of the beast I'm a Columbia record slave, so get paid Control your own destiny, you are a genius Don't let it happen to you like it did to me, I was a black zombie [Nas] Wake up! Black zombies in a spell for more than fo'-hundred years Ghetto niggaz won't have it no mo', can I get a witness? Why listen to somebody else tell you how to do it when you can do it yourself; it's all in you, do it, do it Do it niggaz.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Poppa Was a Player Typed by: Dj_Panset@Hotmail.com To My nigga who brought me in this world Taught us right nigga My old dad imported to the family structure Provide her God My moms a queen at university civaliza My pops maybe was late but always came home My moms would put us to bed and she would wait on Soon as he walk in the door she barking I turned out the Jonny Carson Jumped out the bed We grabbed both his legs Me and my brother Not knowing the pain he gave my mother Night after night, fighting yelling at each other My papa played the street all day Mama was either home, at work, while we played inside the hall way She sacrifices all she got to feed us When she was alone she cried by the phone pepping out the window heeding But still I didn't see it Mama hid it from us We was kids younger Till we got bigger, on to Bigger things that we knew what the time was That daddy was leaving the crib and moms love Papa was player, player wasn't papa  Papa loved the ladies Never got enough of Pretty brown round Running round town (Shhhhh) Don't tell your mother what's going down (Repeat 2x) So many kids I knew, never knew what Pap was That's why I show my pop love He was still around when I fucked up He could have left My moms pregnant shock to death but stayed Watch me crawl till I took my first step, to the first grade To my first fist fight Right behind me he would stand No matter how big or tall he made me fight you like a man Throw dirt in your eye, swing my right scoop your ass and slam  He watched me so I wouldn't get jumped by shorty's fam Roaches and weed all over my crib him and moms relaxing Next thing you know he packing So then I asked him What's this white shit on that plate and your facing? Papa why you butt ass from the waist And who's this lady I'm facing Dark skin you're not my mommy He grabbed me up to run some smooth words by me Promise things that he would buy me If I kept my mouth close and don't tell mommy He said one day I'll understand little me Was in you to side me Papa was player, player wasn't papa  Papa loved the ladies Never got enough of Pretty brown round Running round town (Shhhhh) Don't tell your mother what's going down (Repeat 2x) Pop's told me hold my own Pop's told me value home Could I help it papa was a rolling stone Who loved the pretty brown round Out of town bound  Jumping in his jazz Benz he touring At home I play his latest recordings And it's strange now how, I do my thing now I'm in the game now And heard of it his brain pow To pull strings and gain power >From weed habits are same now No white lines to trumpets to tight rhymes And beats that be pumping Before he left he taught me something A child's young years the most important time to be there That's why he stayed till we grew up, respect is still here I'm older now see what having a father's about One day they can be in your life next day they be out It's not because of you, you know the deal Him and your moms feel If they stay together then someone will get killed I love you still Always will Cause that's my nigga Although you felt you was wrong I still feel you kid Life gose on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes Song: Fetus Typed by: claus_jp@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Yeah.. I want all my niggas to come journey with me My name is Nas, and the year is 1973 Beginning of me, therefore I could see Through my belly button window, who I am.. [Verse 1] I existed in a womb, just like an abyss Came from behind the sun, my hands balled in a fist Punching on my moms stomach, kicking on her cervix Twitching cause I'm nervous, thought my intended purpose Was to be born to reign, not in scorn or vain But to take on a name, that my pops chose for me Bloodstream full of indo, developing eyes Nine month process, infant size A prophet in his early stage, his mother in the early 30s Was married to pops wishin what she carried would drop I'm not worthy to come from a women so pure, Ann Jones Flesh of her flesh, blood of her blood, her blood and bones Hearin prayers, she axin for my good health That I become a man and learn to make a way for myself Nervous she was, and her paranoia got in my blood Mixed with marijuana from my daddy's genes Lotta screams I'm hearin, it's crazy Both parents is scrappin, I'm not even a baby A miscarriage can happen "I shot my way out my mom dukes" x4 (*scratched*) [Verse 2] Yo They must wanna keep me, cause 4 months pass, I'm still alive Guess I got what they call a Ill Will to survive When I look hard the lights is killin my eyes I know when moms is layin down, I get bored, start to get live Move side to side, hear loud music and vibe All black babies are born with rhythm, that's no lie Solar energize, mineralize food flowin through my mothers tube I'm covered in this thick layer of goo Month two was the least most comfortable My umbilical cord choking me But month 3 was closer, see Thats when pops took moms to see the doc at the clinic But I was saved, he changed his mind in the last minute Watchin 'em yell, heard my moms voice well Feared fist fights, so terrified when we fell While they broke up furniture and smashed plates on the wall I wondered if I am born, will I be safe at all This place they call the world though my view was so large Couldn't wait to get out, and grow up and take charge Month 5, Month 6 went by, hopin I'm born in July But the Lord already figured out a date and time Septemeber 14th, '73 Get ready world, doctors in the front waitin for me Arms open cause they know when I drop, alot of shit's gon' stop See how the goverment will start re-training cops Month 9, I'm a week over due, the labor induced Pops told my moms "Push and take deep breaths too Stay calm", holdin her arm, I'm trying to hold on Surgical gloves touching my scalp, my head pops out Everything is blurry, my first breath screams out Tears pouring down my pops face he's so proud Wantin to hold me, but I was so bloody They washed me off and he said "At least that nigga aint ugly!" Placed me in his arms snuggly, laid me on my mother Finally, I got to see who held me in her body She love me, and yo I plan to overthrow the devil Y'all about to see this world in trouble Motherfuckers.. (*Baby screams*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes * Song: My Worst Enemy Typed by: DaSun_AKbar@HotMail.Com * appears on the Japanese release only [Intro: Nas] Yea, uh, uh, real niggaz dawg, ya heard Yea, journey to the life, just journey [Verse One: Nas] I'm the nigga that ain't loud Throw C-low, never ace out Only move out wit a particular crew, I hate crowds The observer, money and murder the hood praise it I was raised in it, early age Was presented with the ultimatum Be a boss with a army, drop the Atari games Hard cocaine that had my neighborhood strung out Brains numb out, guns out I was smart high hopes in my heart But dope cartels would emerge Bloody shirts on niggaz while they hollerin' 'Til their lungs don't work Figures I end up with a scarred memory of my youth With dudes in the drug loot, feelin' henny "SHOOT" My nigga Will still here, man I wish it was truth Buried in his favorite shit, FILA sneakers and FILA suit My eyes are the window of my soul My niggaz let the Indo roll Thinkin' time flies we gettin' old That's the words of my right hand man, my main dawg We been rollin since day one, he down for the cause All he talk is extortion, kidnap shit, big gat shit I'm like - "yo think positive", but he act sick He only think about lettin' his Mac spit He like fuck who he hit Me it bothers, 'cause he know I'm rent 'em it regardless If he keep wildin' out he's makin' both of us targets So I pull him, tell him on some deep shit, try to school 'em We already lost niggaz by how we was movin' We still livin', but our lives need much improvin' I think I'm gonna lose 'em [Chorus: Nas] I was blind in this world All I thought about was diamonds and pearls I had beef wit a nigga, then I'm clappin' his girl Nappin' his kids, ransack and run through his rib Blow up his mom's crib, there's no way he could live It's gettin' clearer, starin' at the man in the mirror Like all this time, it's just a fragment of my mind Come to find out, shit wasn't what is made to be In reality +My Worst Enemy+ was me [Verse Two: Nas] Feelin' like I got the dons clout Trigger pawn cocked glocks spray up your moms spot I ain't playin' wit you, war, fuck pistols Bring machines, icy bell buckles, ten guns, M-1'S with ice muzzles Life's a struggle, get your wifey touch too, everybody involved Homicide, doctors patchin' up your war scars Task Force chargin' at us, news flash, thug crews blast at officers Coroners pick you up from the grass Livin' fast 'til somebody tries meltin' my chest I'm high loosin' it, could of hit my own self with the tec Refuse to quit, but I tried tellin' me to relax It's like I can't hear my words 'til I'm trapped to the max Even then I blame everybody else except me, pops left me I was just three, I cried for help, moms was busy That don't mean nigga's stupid But I got a habit wit - makin' up excuses Was born ruthless, hated school, they ain't teach me I'm a bad seed Planted in this ghetto, where my niggaz can't read Multiply, subtract; only knowin' how to count cracks and count stacks Now what y'all know about that One side of me wanted out of this life Glue traps on the floor for the mice 'Til the nigga saw the light I wanted money when I got it, I would spend it I wanted jewels, but when I heard it, yo I wouldn't listen All of the drama in my life I got my self into All the toxins my body took in, faded my mental I let these niggaz words get to me But I'm tired of my ice, tired of Bentley It's the end of the century I recognized the world is a beautiful place Niggaz opinions ruinin' my musical taste 'Cause everytime I caught a case, could of got me in jail If you wasn't scared of jail, you more likely to fail I thought the whole world was cursed, from the hand I was dealt And +My Worst Enemy+ was my self Word to my self...word to my self...word to my self... [Chorus: Nas] I was blind to the world All I thought about was diamonds and pearls I had beef wit a nigga, then I'm clappin' his girl Nappin' his kids, ransack, run through his rib Blow up his mom's crib, there's no way he could live It's gettin' clearer, starin' at the man in the mirror 'Cause all this time, it was a fragment in my mind Come to find out, shit wasn't what is made to be In reality +My Worst Enemy+ was me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The Lost Tapes * Song: You Don't Know Me Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com * appears on the Japanese release only [Verse One: Nas] Girls I got 'em locked so similar to a prison Hear this monster jam, I be callin' it 'GANGSTERISM' I murder you for dope, I'm the street distributor I'm homicidal, pointin' the pump, scope to shoot you Street connects, Mob ties on East and West We gouge out your eye balls if you seen too much Hopin' out drops wit blings and stuff Wit ball players wives, Mercedes 5 Dangerous lives and haters die rollin' with convicts Conscience who tolerate no nonsense Fake rappers in doo-rags, get shot-up at their concert Your bitch bleed, bitin' her nipples with my chipped tooth I drink her blood, like I'm Dracula, mack in the 6-Coupe The sky becomes red, heard y'all niggaz work with the feds Doesn't matter, blood'll splatter, everybody must dead I got urge for self-reinvention, but I'm old-fashioned From the corner's with the winos laughin' Dealers and five-o blastin' Capitalist thoughts like Presidents I'm burnin' Bush's, Nas the realest, it's nuttin' to fuck wit [Chorus: Uncredited Female (Nas)] You think you know me but I... (Tell 'em Ma) ..Don't think so (Don't think so) It takes a 'lil more than... (What?, what?) What do you know about me? 	(See what you don't know me you'll never will) 	(And what you don't know will get yourself killed) About me 	(See what you don't know me you'll never will) 	(And what you don't know will get yourself killed) You'll never know [Verse Two: Nas] I smoke weed like them sixties rebellions, hippies on heroin Spliffs inhalin', what I speak strictly for felons Dippin' in their 6-4, hittin' the switches Or sittin' in their Bentley Azure's, feelin' the riches Or just ridin', truck drivin' Impalas, Denali's I fuck with those but I lust for silver Ferrari's I fuck hoes with the ceilings, have mirrors to watch me My bed shaped like a pyramid, feelin' the dry heat Spillin' Courvoisi', I'm half slave-master Half Apache, half African, much is what I call us Black men Lead astray, drugs and cups of alcohol, 'cause back when They let us off ships; the soul of man was lost or trapped in But every ghetto, every hood, no matter where the town It's all haunted, all on top slave burial grounds Dead cooks, workers and maids, under this Earth in rage Ancient whore houses that explain my sexual ways Money and murder: interprets the American dream The world loves a gangsta, I found my place in this thing Royce's, diamonds and bosses, woman who're gorgeous Traitors, killers and enemies, remorseless, we live this [Chorus: Uncredited Female (Nas)] [Verse Three: Nas] Gypsies, preachers, choirs, churches, liquor stores The world is full of liars, curses, people rich or poor Without God to worship, see we would be more lost Gotta believe in somethin', or their would be no laws A ghetto child occasionally blunted in Mansions My cup overflow with Cristal, hundred exotic dancers Niggaz is plastic, ass gets jealous and passive My pistol blast at; cowards, leechers, and rappers Niggaz I fuck with is 'Bravehearts', make G's Before rap music to me, was wind blowin' the trees Birds chirpin', rain fallin', perfect and free But bitches saw my video and think they know me These niggaz bad talkin', claimin' they gon' do me Stay out my path homey, you fuckin' wit a true G Bitch +You Don't Know Me+ [Chorus: Uncredited Female (Nas)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: Get Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Get-get.. get down!" - James Brown [Nas] Uh.. uh.. uh.. New York streets where killers'll walk like Pistol Pete And Pappy Mason, gave the young boys admiration Prince from Queens and Fritz from Harlem Street legends, the drugs kept the hood from starvin Pushin cars, Nicky Barnes was the 70's But there's a long list of high-profile celebrities Worldwide on the thorough side of things Livest kings, some died, one guy, one time one day grabs me, as I'm about to blast heat 40-side of Vernon, I turned well he asked me "Whatchu up to, the cops gon' bust you" I was a teen drunk off brew, stumbled I wondered if God sent him, cause two squad cars entered the block and looked at us, I ain't flinch when they watched I took it upstairs, the bathroom mirror, brushed my hair Starin at a young disciple, I almost gave my life to what the dice do Yeah man, throwin them bones Hopin my ace get his case thrown His girl ain't wait for him, she in the world straight hoein While he lookin at centerfolds of pretty girls showin they little cooch, gangstas don't die he's livin proof The D.A. who tried him was lyin A white dude, killed his mother durin the case Hung jury, now the D.A. is bein replaced Pre-trial hearin is over, it's real for the soldier Walks in the courtroom, the look in his eyes is wild Triple-homicide, I sit in the back aisle I wanna crack a smile when I see him Throw up a fist for black power, cause all we want is his freedom He grabbed a court officer's gun and started squeezin Then he grabbed the judge, screams out -- nobody leavin everybody "Get down, get down! Get down, get down!" - James Brown {*sample cut and repeated*} [Nas] Everybody "Get down, get down! Get down, get down!" - James Brown {*sample cut and repeated*} [Nas] Some niggaz fuck they enemies in they ass when they catch 'em Weird-ass niggaz are dangerous, so don't test 'em They make you, dissapear, this a year that I won't forget Sold CD's double platinum, met mo' execs Southern niggaz, independent label, real killers Know the business, ran Tennessee for years, now they chillin They had the coke game somethin crazy Sold music out the trunk of they car, that shit amazed me Put me onto heron blunts, sherm or somethin Took a puff, what the fuck, I turned to punch them Southern niggaz ain't slow, nigga tried to play me I left from around them dudes, they cool but they crazy Now I'm back around the old school that raised me New York gangstas, we loungin, out in L.A. see A dude wrote my dawg from Pelican Bay The letter say, "Nas I got your back - the fools don't play" I rolled with some Crips down to a Crenshaw funeral Never saw so many men slaughtered and I knew the ho responsible The nigga still alive in a hospital Midnight they crept in his room and shot the doctor too See my cousin's in the game, thuggin and things He plugged me with a dame who was half-Mexicano Gave the ass up, I'ma mack daddy Soprano She passed me the indigo, but the imbecile shoulda never tippy-toed, thought my eyes were closed Openin the hotel room do', to let her goons in But I moved in a manner, on some Jet Li shit I let the hammers blow, wet three kids See honey thought I had somethin to do, with all the drama Cause I was with a crew, that had her people killed Called up my cousin, told him I ain't fuckin witchu He responded cool, but told me out here this how motherfuckers "Get down, get down! Get down, get down!" - James Brown {*sample cut and repeated*} [Nas] Everybody "Get down, get down! Get down, get down!" - James Brown {*sample cut and repeated*} [unknown speaker] All I really gotta say is that if that's how our people gon' get down, how we ever gon' get up? How we ever gon' get up if that's how we get down? A shame when you ain't look at it My folk is yo' folk, but we all kinfolk Somebody gotta make a change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: The Cross Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus 2X: Nas] I carry the cross, if Virgin Mary had an abortion I'd still be carried in the chariot by stampeding horses Had to bring it back to New York I'm happy that the streets is back in New York For you rappers, I carry the cross [Nas] Y'all can keep y'all weak beats, from your corny producers There's a new king of the streets, you're gonna get used to I was the old king of the streets, that y'all once hated But now I reinvented myself, and y'all all waited NAS, N.A.S. mean Niggaz Against Society Noisy I aim not silently, noose all surroundin me I hang 'em I string 'em up ain't no thing I just drop 'em to which doctor you copped and you locked and it ain't what it was I changed it up from that pop shit it's hard to see R&B rappers arguably, started fuckin up the game horribly Cause, I parted the sea, then these novices targetted me Bitches infatuated say they love me lyin to me What I've discovered is my brother's tryin to be the next me, yeah I support him but he's blinded I see jealousy he love me to death am I buggin I love him for life We both still mournin on our mother's, life And I don't need much but a Dutch, a bitch to fuck A six, a truck, some guns to bust I wish it was that simple, the last emperor, hit yo' ass with the Nasty Nas, diary, get out my path [Nas] I can't keep a bitch cause none of them come up for a little less I can't be too rich, too many hoes, lined up for sex I can't rest until my niggaz in houses with pretty maids Water and flowers in 'em While my niggaz walk around in they trousers grinnin Gotta keep a lot of heat; 30 cals 10 millimeters 40 cals plus the heckler, to set y'all straight You too light? I shoot your freckles out You too dark? The infrared show you what the tec about Huh? I'm stressin out, need more offices for bosses Secretaries and meetings with big sharks, who mad greedy We can sell mo', boats on the coast Give, coats to the po' and give, hope to the broke then live low But that ain't reality, I look happy but under the sky You see a nigga who know, out of three women 2 out of 3 will love you but lead you to they own, hidden evil BITCH! You the reason niggaz be beefin, hoe get on 'Posed to be Earth, ain't worth the pussy that you sit on From here on, it's a new day Million dollars ain't, what it was yesterday Many problems, many niggaz, most involved but they fake Hope y'all relate [Nas] I carry the cross The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song:  Made You Look Typed by: info@aNYmeanz.com *shotgun blast* *old school break beat, thugs chant "Bravehearts!" 7X* [Verse 1: Nas] Uh, uh, uh, now let's get it all in perspective For all y'all enjoyment, a song y'all can step wit' Y'all appointed me to bring rap justice But I ain't five-O, y'all know it's Nas yo Grey goose and a whole lotta hydro Only describe us as soldier survivors Stay laced in the best, well dressed with finesse In a white tee lookin for wifie Thug girl who fly and talks so nicely Put her in the coupe so she can feel the nice breeze We can drive thru the city no doubt, but don't say my car's topless Say the titties is out, newness here's the anthem Put your hand up that you shoot with, count your loot wit' Push the pool stick in your new crib, same hand that you hoop with Swing around like you stu-pid, king'a the town, yeah I been that You know I click-clack where you and yor men's at Do the Smurf, do the Wop, Baseball Bat Rooftop like we bringing '88 back [Chorus: Nas] They shootin'! -- Aw made you look You a slave to a page in my rhyme book Gettin' Big/"big" money, playboy your time's up Where them gangstas? Where them dimes at? They shootin'! -- Aw made you look You a slave to a page in my rhyme book Gettin' Big/"big" money, playboy your time's up Where them gangstas at? Where them dimes at? [Verse 2: Nas] This ain't rappin, this is Street-Hop Now get up off your ass like your seat's hot My live niggaz lit up the reefer Trunk'a the car we got the streetsweeper Don't start none, won't be none No reason for your mans to panic You don't wanna see no ambulances Knock a pimp's drink down in his pimp cup That's the way you get Timberland'd up Let the music diffuse all the tension Ball or convention, free admission Hustlers, dealers and killers'ca move swift Girls get close, you'ca feel where the tool's kept All my just-comin' homies, parolees Get money, leave the beef alone slowly Get out my face, you people so phoney Pull out my waist, the eagle fo-forty *thugs chanting "Bravehearts!" 4X over DJ scratching gunshots* [Verse 3: Nas] I see niggaz runnin', yo my mood is real rude I lay you out, show you what steel do Mobsters don't box, my pump shot obliges Every invitation to fight you punk hazas Like Pun said, "You ain't even en mi clasa" Maybach Benz, back seat, tv plasma Ladies lookin for athletes or rappers Whatever you choose, whatever you do Make sure he a thug and intelligent too Like a real thoroughbred is, show me love Lemme feel how the head is Females whose the sexiest is always the nastiest *record scratched off, Nas rhymes acapella* And I like a little sassiness, a lotta class Mommy reach in your bag, pass the fifth I'm a leader, at last this a don you wit' My nines'll spit, niggaz loose consciousness The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: Last Real Nigga Alive Typed by: OHHLA.com [Intro] Uh, uh, uh, uh [Chorus: repeat 2X] Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ He's just nice, he just slice like a ginnsu Look at the life that I been through I'm the last real nigga alive, that's official [Nas] Y'all don't know about my Biggie wars Who you thought 'Kick In The Door' was for? But that's my heart, y'all still trippin of this Jigga shit Real niggaz listen up and I'ma tell you how the whole thing start Off top I brung Queens up from hard times Rockin at the Fever, streets was all mine It was my version of the blues, droppin our schools The crack epidemic had rap representin new rules So I, got in 'em shoes, tried 'em wore them Wasn't a perfect fit, so I couldn't sport em Young murderers ride, I knew all them Jungle got shot, Will died, we was warring I wrote it in my album I was 18 when Lake seen the Island And Lord held me down and My surroundings started changing I had a baby, I was making my rounds with AZ Niggaz started noticing my flow and was open when The Golden Child closed 'em in with more style than them older men Puff tried to start a label, Prince Rakeem had formed Wu-Tang Snoop and Dre had a new thang So Puff drove his new Range through Queensbridge Projects He let me drive it, before Ready to Die hit BIG and I hit blunts performing at the Arc Next thing you knew, BIG blew and all the balling starts He had Kim and his crew, I found Fox Only niggaz in New York with number one charts B.I.G. was ahead of his time, him and Raekwon my niggaz But dig it, they couldn't get along That's when Ghostface said it on the Purple tape Bad Boy biting Nas album cover way(?) BIG told me Rae was stealing my slang And Rae told me out in Shaolin BIG would do the same thing But I borrowed from both them niggaz Jigga started to flow like us, but hit with 'Ain't No Niggaz' Had much Versace swagger B.I.G. admired the Brooklyn knight and it took him in as Iceberg the rapper Today don't know nothing, about this bullshit There's more shit than wanting to be this King of New York shit [Nas] Rap became a version of Malcom and Martin Rest In Peace Will, Queensbridge live on There's some ghetto secrets I can't rhyme in this song There's some missing pieces I had to leave out I had lot trust for Steve Stoute At some point till I got to know him We old friends, but what's loyal? Puff soaked Interscope offices With champagne bottles on Steve, and Steve thought the drama is on me Cause previously it would have been, against whoever Friends forever However, I learn, with some niggaz it's all business But I'm a street dude with morals To diss niggaz with Jigga too much, he used to say Jay wanted my spot I laughed, stayed home, never hung a lot A quiet man who used to be alone planning Baby moms thought I was too quiet, couldn't stand it She hit the streets, later on she hittin the sheets With a rapper who wanted me on his songs, thinking he strong I taught her how to watch for cars that might follow Tauht her street shit that I know Her weakness was Shawn yo But that's her, I ain't mad baby, it made me stronger Now I get my paper longer Illmatic I was boss It Was Written I flossed One of the most creative LPs ever to hit stores In the Firm I learned I am Nastradamus QB's Finest, Oochie Wally, faced more problems I gave it all up so I can chill at home with mama She was getting old and sick so I stayed beside her We had the best times, she asked would I make more songs I told her not till I see her health get more strong In the middle of that, Jay tried to sneak attack Assasinate my character, degrade my hood Cause in order for him to be the Don, Nas had to go The Gam-B-I-N-O rules I understood What you want, see, I already had The Gift and The Curse? Fuck that shit, the first shall be last I'm the man's man, a rapper's rapper G-O-D S-O-N, they'll be none after I was Scarface, Jay was Manolo It hurt me when I had to kill him and his whole squad for dolo.. Uhh, uhh, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Bravehearts Album: God's Son Song: Zone Out Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com Braveheart for life (*sample - repeated 8x* Z-z-z-zone Out) Salaam Remi! Yea, What, Yea I want y'all to blast on these niggas, man Tuck in your chain put your watch in your pocket Here come the Braveheart straight out the projects We live the life where the blood spills Same thing that get you cash nigga, get you killed Warnin', Jungle always keep a gun on him Pull out, {*shooting sound*}, forehead gone 'n Sloppy, droppin' you birds Close range so my bullets don't swerve, curve No bullshit Back in ya head, find me Call Earl, death is the ways of the world Y'all made criminals Tryin' to wild out there so crack, bust guns at Bow Wow's age Fightin' in jail, lookin' for heaven, livin' in hell Fuckin 'em hos, boilin' coke since I was 12 Way too foul walk around all the time With a gray Mack 10 and a pocket full o' dimes Braveheart to the graveyard, let's go niggas Scared straight, but FUCK them hos Keep it, dead serious Believe it don't believe us, until you see me creepin' Now you sleep with them fishes G-W-I-Z, so delicious To all them ghetto and sober bitches in 'burban districts I'm movin on passin' chumps, and very thoroughly promoted by God's Son And this is the military turn it up My moves erase a ton, your son less thump nah Heat talk feet walk you run uh Rat ta-tat, Hear them shots come Drop son, pull out You better send 'em back son, or feel that casket The peeps be like one (one) I'm movin on passin' chumps, and very thoroughly promoted by God's Son G-O-D S-O-N I S-O-O-T-H-E a female's estrogen With my testosterone, male hormone Enough for a giant's body, science S-C-I-E-N-C-E Don't tempt me, EMS against you, me I'm just, invincible Like Mike Jack said, for me and Al Sharpton won't be Broke in Harlem That's that, who made this style, solo or X Are you TFO's doctor or Mobb Deep Whoever, I freaked it yes, so meet ya death I never wear Esco, I got a New Line comin' like cinemas Remember the, original, y'all still tryina show niggas are rich Town house niggas I'm six cribs deep, six bank accounts in six countries Na I'm lyin', who gives a fuck that's so tired While pictures of Bravehearts just livin' it up A million of us, each nigga inchin' ta bust You got a house in Virginia The only way you sicker than us Gettin' bagged with .22's now you's a ridiculous fuck No need for the gun play, it's ok, 'cause you dyin' anyway Yo, this is for them high school drop outs Niggas who copped out If you prefer shots over knockouts Sniffin' coke, smokin' weed Sellin' crack, sellin' smack You thuggin' it, you ain't turn it back Braveheart's gettin' money ruthless 'till the world end Gettin' high with my enemy's girlfriend I used to have a bike on a bench Now I got the jeep on this trip Coke in the pot, heat on my head Nigga dont stop blazin' cuz ya target's movin' Shoot 'till the gun's empty stupid, Queens Niggas so ruthless, really excuses is Useless to these swift executioners And thats Queensbridge nigga, all day Pump packs o' crack, smoke purple haze Runnin from D's quickly knockout rookies G Wiz you know what I'm all about To all my real niggas (*sample - repeated until end* Z-z-z-zone Out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Nas f/ Kelis, Claudette Ortiz (City High) Album:God's Son Song:Hey Nas Typed by:ImJusABabiBoi@aol.com [VERSE 1] The phone rings Another peaceful moment is lost Latifah's chest jingle in "Set It Off" I press pause in the bed as a king I let it ring 4 or 5 times Answer while I'm puffin' my green It's Tamika sayin', "Hi Nas" I caught a flashback of her askin' me was I asthmatic 'fore I tapped that She offered me dinner under the moon I said, "Sorry. I made plans at Ray's Boom-Boom Room" Nine push-ups... Strength's gone at the tenth one so why hook up The pimp's gone off the Platron Tequila Put on my Lee's and the original Fila's Sedated from L's, 380 cocked, naked ladies laid up in tails Like Whodini I chose, gazelles don't lean on my nose Drivin' by the clubs gleamin' and go Heads turn it's a freak show I need them to know... When will they learn  Nas need a queen not a hoe to...  Point out my enemies, a girl who's into me But not a hype chick- someone with proper energy Someone who's into me but won't fuck with my enemies And you can sing along 'cuz I'm feelin' ya energy [CHORUS] (Claudette Ortiz) Hey Nas... How ya doin'?  Take my name... And my number Meanwhile... We'll be groovin' But let's take... it... slow [VERSE 2] One for the honeys who roll blunts up but don't smoke Two for the few who see potential in you when you broke Three for the G they got, they game is hot I give it to you Double life wife- play with the man that's livin' with you Here's the issue... A woman gotta be stunnin' Get to a man's heart through his stomach You gotta be skilled in the culinary arts Know a brother stay mad hungry when he spark Hit the museum, maybe Central Park, you mentally smart Picture we in Tiffany, you becomin' my counterpart If I want Chinese then you buy me a wok If you want barbeque I call Professor and Ock 'Cuz u... point out my enemies, someone who's into me But not a hyper chick- someone with the proper energy A girl that's into me who won't fuck all my enemies And you could be the one 'cuz I'm lovin' ya energy [CHORUS] (Kelis) Hey Nas... How ya doin'? Take my name... And my number Meanwhile... We'll be cruisin' But let's take... it... slow [VERSE 3] Slow is the way Holdin' hands, tongue and hickeys Hope and I pray where I run at you run away with me That's if my gun get busy we gotta get outta there Hear sirens jump in the stick drop a Sedan and hide for years Like noone else in the world did this except for us two You gotta trust me, I gotta trust you If coppers bust me it's me you rescue, this to the death boo You rep me respectfully that's how I rep for you Retired from pimpin', perspire is drenchin' As we... suck and fuck each other's minds out commission Time's out forbidden Until we pass out, that's when we stop We give it all we got, give it all we got- we hot Give it all we got, give it all we got- we rock Give it all we got, give it all we got You 'bout the baddest thing Since Michael had Billy Jean And Prince gave you diamond's and pearls But to be my queen you must...  Point out my enemies, a girl who's into me But not a hype chick- someone with proper energy Someone who's into me who won't fuck all my enemies And you can be the one 'cuz I'm feelin' ya energy [CHORUS] (Claudette & Kelis) Hey Nas... How ya doin'? Take my name... And my number Meanwhile... We'll be cruisin' But let's take... it... slow (Claudette) (2x) I can be... What you said That you need... I can be...All that I can be... I can have your back... baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Nas Album:God's Son Song: I Can Typed by:DCSuspence@aol.com [Kids] I know I can (I know I can) Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be) If I work hard at it (If I work hard it) I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be) [Nas] Be, B-Boys and girls, listen up You can be anything in the world, in God we trust An architect, doctor, maybe an actress But nothing comes easy it takes much practice Like, I met a woman who's becoming a star She was very beautiful, leaving people in awe Singing songs, Lena Horne, but the younger version Hung with the wrong person Got her strung off the heroin Cocaine, sniffin up drugs, all in her nose Coulda died, so young, no looks ugly and old No fun cause when she reaches for hugs people hold they breath Cause she smells of corrosion and death Watch the company you keep and the crowd you bring Cause they came to do drugs and you came to sing So if you gonna be the best, I'ma tell you how Put your hands in the air, and take the vow [Chorus 2X: Nas] + (Kids) I know I can (I know I can) Be what I wanna be (be what I wanna be) If I work hard at it (If I work hard it) I'll be where I wanna be (I'll be where I wanna be) [Nas] Be, b-boys and girls, listen again This is for grown looking girls who's only ten The ones who watch videos and do what they see As cute as can be, up in the club with fake ID Careful, 'fore you meet a man with HIV You can host the TV like Oprah Winfrey Whatever you decide, be careful, some men be Rapists, so act your age, don't pretend to be Older than you are, give yourself time to grow You thinking he can give you wealth, but so Young boys, you can use a lot of help, you know You thinkin life's all about smokin weed and ice You don't wanna be my age and can't read and right Begging different women for a place to sleep at night Smart boys turn to men and do whatever they wish If you believe you can achieve, then say it like this Save the music y'all, save the music y'all Save the music y'all, save the music y'all Save the music [Nas] Be, be, 'fore we came to this country We were kings and queens, never porch monkeys There was empires in Africa called Kush Timbuktu, where every race came to get books To learn from black teachers who taught Greeks and Romans Asian Arabs and gave them gold when Gold was converted to money it all changed Money then became empowerment for Europeans The Persian military invaded They heard about the gold, the teachings and everything sacred Africa was almost robbed naked Slavery was money, so they began making slave ships Egypt was the place that Alexander the Great went He was so shocked at the mountains with black faces Shot up they nose to impose what basically Still goes on today, you see? If the truth is told, the youth can grow They learn to survive until they gain control Nobody says you have to be gangstas, hoes Read more learn more, change the globe Ghetto children, do your thing Hold your head up, little man, you're a king Young Princess when you get your wedding ring Your man is saying "She's my Queen" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nasir Jones Album: God's Son Song: Book of Rhymes Typed by: hdub@hotmail.com Alchemist you know me man I'm the type of nigga that write rhymes right on the spot in the studio soon as I hear the track; you know what I'm sayin? Word but I wanted to bring a couple of books to the studio today Man I foundthese shits up in the crib man in boxes man I don't even remember when I was writing these shits or what's in these shits man probably a bunch of bullshit man Fuck it check it How can I trust you when I can't trust me? Picture myself a old man a O.G. Some niggas will conversate with liers all day Time pass...(Nah lemme start somethin' else) Soul on ice death threats given by clowns I guess livin' is prison when you live around clowns I'm hexed cursed worse I been blessed first I thought I was abnormal cause I would overcome any tasked called to So there it is I'ma prince I'ma get slain Some do minor shit swear they on the top of they game Ya rhymin' is called "Vagina Monologue" It kinda supports theories of scary niggas who should lie in the morgue Rarely y'all come in contact with the real Since Pun passed he was the last shine of sun I could feel Yo said there's a few left since music's expressions of life Damn I wish I took more time to write in my book of rhymes Oh shit Tina - I been lookin' for this bitch number damn. No this rhyme is weak.. This is week I remember this bullshit right here (My Book of Rhymes) Gandhi was a... what the fu..? Gandhi was a fool, nigga fight to the death The US Army is a school that teach ya plights of conquest (I wonder when I wrote this. Nah it's weak) The money's ya religion sky the limit live life Numbers is big business makes the poor live trife The glimmers of hope provoke those without dollars to dream Through your existence become wealthy knowledge is king Pimps and card sharks thiefs murderers with hard luck Addicts and fiends prostitutes passin' for teens is my society Cops that shoot blacks is routine for noteriety Grow up watchin' well dressed niggas with charms Beautiful ladies on their arms Dangerous new cars was my fantasy for Nas Rubbin my lips with Campophenique Still behind the ears wet turned out to be Pioneers vets amongst hustlers crack sellers and liers and squares... (Nah that was weak there) My people be projects or jail never Harvard or Yale Pardon me type in my 2way while I'm chargin' my cell It's hard to be iced up with Gucci god poverty's real I can't fight you cause you would sue me niggas be groupies I see imitators tryin' to make albums spittin' my style And they don't even realize that I notice they stealing Nas' shit I pump some Rick James with that Teena Marie My nina lean on me like Swoop it's crap this can't be My book of rhymes This can't be my book of rhymes writing this bullshit! (My Book of Rhymes) Nah neva that fuck that, aw why you laughin' Alchemist? Huh you a funny nigga... naw yeah (My Book of Rhymes) I'm tellin' you I'ma come up with some new shit now Fuck that I'ma write again now fuck that I musta been high on some shit mmm what the fuck is this? Look how we treat pregnancy women in the 'hood Our values so low our values are no good Things our mothers told us we shoulda heeded Cause now we need it We older almost able t... I'm jealous of you how come you so beautiful? Smelling fresh youthful intelligent while I'm stressin' and shit Aiyo I envy you 'cause all you do is smile and things come your way Such a innocent child is what some say I get upset 'cause I just want to be treated the way you are Like a star not a worry in this world thus far But wait a minute we both need ya mother's attention I must be crazy jealous of my own baby infant (Kinda crazy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ 2pac, J. Phoenix Album: God's Son Song: Thugz Mansion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Intro: Nas] I want you to close your eyes And vision the most beautiful place in the world If you in the hood on the ghetto street corner Come on this journey The best journey Acres of land and swimming pools and all that Check it out [Verson One: Nas] I'm capable of anything, my imagination can give me wings To fly like does over the streets watchin' many things Kids walkin' home from school on drug block missionaries Pass out papers that read: Love God See faces, cases, judges, juries, masons, lawyers and cops I watch because every thugs face is my mirror But this was one in particular  This kid he was the vintage stick em up pro 16 years old, did his jail sentence, nowhere to go Every mornin calls his comrad to come and get him to smoke He insane, already gone mad Blames himself for his setbacks Dangerous street corners where his sets at Slang from dust to dawn, detectives act like they maniacs Chasin' him, his ass was flarin' Smokin' like a chimney, on really, of course he not carin' He need a place to go to keep his mind expandin' I give him a helpin' hand, bring him out to Thugz Mansion [Chorus: J. Phoenix] Every corner, every city There's a place where life's a little busy Little Hennessy, laid back and cool Every hour, cause it's all good Leave all the stress from the world outside Every wrong done will be alright  Nothin but peace, love  And street passion, every ghetto needs a thug mansion [Verse Two: 2Pac] Dear momma don't cry, your baby boy's doin good Tell the homies I'm in heaven and they ain't got hoods Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook Drippin peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson, and Sam Cooke Then some lady named Billie Holiday Sang sittin there kickin it with Malcolm, 'til the day came Little LaTasha sho' grown Tell the lady in the liquor store that she's forgiven, so come home Maybe in time you'll understand only God can save us When Miles Davis cuttin lose with the band Just think of all the people that you knew in the past that passed on, they in heaven, found peace at last Picture a place that they exist, together There has to be a place better than this, in heaven So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin Remember this face, save me a place, in thug's mansion [Verse Three: Nas] A place where death doesn't reside, just thugs who collide Not to start beef but spark trees, no cops rollin by No policemen, no homicide, no chalk on the streets No reason, for nobody's momma to cry See I'm a good guy, I'm tryin to stick around for my daughter But if I should die, I know all of my albums support her This whole year's been crazy, asked the Holy Spirit to save me Only difference from me and Ossie Davis, gray hair maybe Cause I feel like my eyes saw too much sufferin I'm just twenty-some-odd years, I done lost my mother And I cried tears of joy, I know she smiles on her boy I dream of you more, my love goes to Afeni Shakur Cause like Ann Jones, she raised a ghetto king in a war And just for that alone she shouldn't feel no pain no more Cause one day we'll all be together, sippin heavnly champagne What angels saw, with golden wings in thug's mansion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: Mastermind Typed by: OHHLA.com Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh... A Mastermind - Sees it coming before it comes A Mastermind - Before he go to war he counts his one A Mastermind - Everything planned out perfect, in case y'all niggaz got to get murdered A Mastermind - Sleeps at night, real easy A Mastermind - Cause everything he does is by the book A Mastermind - Never do a thing irrational, lives forever, these tales are classical [Nas] Velvet bowties, bulletproofs in the tux, when I roll by In car similar to a suanas, in my diamonds And my principal is to study drama Look what happened in Manhattan A couple of years ago when guns started clappin' Two of my dogs fell, two of my niggaz ran They was amatures in beef with a grown man It taught me the lessons of how the strong stand And how the weak, end up in a coffin Play it cool, that's the old school rule, man Keep your ears to the street, y'all never lose man Make your enemies believe there's love there Cause in war, belief is all fair Rock them to sleep, shots in your jeep And you ain't never know the plot was from me It's from my Masterminds A Mastermind - Sees it coming before it comes A Mastermind - Before he go to war he counts his one A Mastermind - Everything planned out perfect, in case y'all niggaz got to get murdered A Mastermind - Sleeps at night, real easy A Mastermind - Cause everything he does is by the book A Mastermind - Never do a thing irrational, lives forever, these tales are classical [Nas] It ain't a game it's the life Think it's a game, you layin And I'm nice on that black stone merlo Toast to my hero Nat Turner Whether below zero, gave the keys to Kelis Whispered in her earlobe, drive on Cause she the wife and they the freaks The underneath my girl caliber They smiled at her and said "Goodbye"  With niggaz who thug or die, they wild as us My bodyguards are my Denali trucks Knownin' that I'm surrounded by OG's that I don't really get down with They got a seperate table for their freaks bought them drinks So we could talk man-to-man so real niggaz could link I knew, they kill hos too like Rae Carruth They used to spray troops, now they managing groups The main nigga sunny had big money since '82 Had two of my dogs whacked, nothing I could do That was back when I had no crew, I switch that Now I'm strong with niggaz who felt Sonny was wrong My money's long his money is weak, he's losing sleep Trying to feel me out, to see what it's gonna be But I'm a Mastermind  A Mastermind - Sees it coming before it comes A Mastermind - Before he go to war he counts his one A Mastermind - Everything planned out perfect, in case y'all niggaz got to get murdered A Mastermind - Sleeps at night, real easy A Mastermind - Cause everything he does is by the book A Mastermind - Never do a thing irrational, lives forever, these tales are classical [Nas] I live a clean life, I don't even steal cable I speak for myslef, my niggaz will slay you Lucky us, this rap done worked out fine FEDs, check me out, it's no dirt y'all find This King Of New York shit only last 15 minutes Every nigga get burned, but it's what you did with it Niggas who brillant, came in and killed it Made millions ever three months, new jury I'm low, smoking blueberry, with a ho  Who know a few scary individuals eerie as she gets into it Squares they into voodoo She says a Hail Mary and she says she knew who Would come and try to kill you too  A Mastermind - Sees it coming before it comes A Mastermind - Before he go to war he counts his one A Mastermind - Everything planned out perfect, in case y'all niggaz got to get murdered A Mastermind - Sleeps at night, real easy A Mastermind - Cause everything he does is by the book A Mastermind - Never do a thing irrational, lives forever, these tales are classical The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Alicia Keys Album: God's Son Song: Warrior Song Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com, don_vaskez@freemail.hu [Nas] Uh, if I can teach somethin' so be it And hope somebody learn somethin' from it And give it back They can't break me or shake me They too fake to come kill me Think they faith is with Satan They mistake me I'm filthy Rich off the ghetto medleys, so now they wanna dare me It's gonna be a murder confront me, the burners are empty Middle Passage I made it I'm from the land of David The Nazarene of Bethlehem they had me wrapped in blankets Ya bunch of backward gangsters Y'all signin affidavits Snitches with smiling faces, got you blowin trial, I hate this Hopin' my child can see through this tryna be a good daddy I was there when she was born and she'll be there when I'm buried Kind of wierd and it's scary All my years have prepared me What I fear is my temper, I see clear to the center Right through a man's soul Straight through his eyes, straight to his heart I'm still alive how did I make it this far 'Cause I been high I been low, searchin' for a way to go Every single night I pray And Lord I'm on this battleground, lost just waitin' to be found I guess it's just a warrior's way [Chorus: Alicia Keys] This is a song, for my warriors (A warrior song) Bravehearted and strong, definition of a warrior (Definition of a warrior) Gonna keep marchin on, to the sound of my own beatin drum [Nas] Like King Nasir fightin' the British regime I can't cope my existence is hope for younger teens who lost and they broke Earlier this year I buried my queen in a gold casket Your mother's the closest thing to God that you ever have kid I'm askin, what would you do at your own mom's funeral Wanna pick her up out of it, this can't be real Tellin' my daughter grandma's gone, but I can't keep still I can't go on, responsible for so many Her last days at the hospital Visits from family I'm tryin' not to bust shots at niggas Wishin' death on other nigga's mothers ain't right but why mommy She raised me in the projects alone Her untimely exit from her, heavenly body Got me ready to body somethin' quickly Can't be happy, fuck a party she can't party with me So your apologies are burnin' ya own souls To the kids with no parents at home, grab a hold [Nas] Fight 'til the fight is over, for my peoples I die see When you thought they were soldiers they turned out to be nobodies I think they out to get me, helpless was livin' sinful If you was me all this pain I'm feelin would bend and killed you (I'm a warrior) It only made me stronger But in my head it gets darker who wishin' evil on ya Sometimes I wish I was dead But I took heed to the cause (I'm a Warrior, yeah) 'Cause I been high I been low, searchin' for a way to go Every single night I pray And Lord I'm on this battleground, lost just waitin' to be found I guess it's just a warrior's way [Nas] To my warriors To all these, baby KrucialKeys! Braveheart y'all This to all my warriors, who breathe with the heart of a lion To everybody that lost their mother, their father Rest in peace moms! My mother's last words: Never give up A true warrior, who raised me in the hood, in a war Love ya girl, y'kno keep marchin' Yea yea yea, you never give up To all my warriors, haha Braveheart, Braveheart Definition of a warrior The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lake Album: God's Son Song: Revolutionary Warfare Typed by: theGodsun7@hotmail.com [Lake] uh uh huh, lets go, yeah! [Nas] Uh, ghetto children singing "singing" [Nas] See they eager to learn "uh hum" [Nas] how to become the next world leaders "Bravehearts"! Chorus:[Nas] Revolutionary warfare is all fair loving war for the cause I gotta take you off here Revolutionary warfare is all fair loving war for the cause I gotta take you off here [Nas] Book one, strategy, tactics, techniques Look dumb, but massively notice the weakness, in all them Gotta shoot only if necessary  Homey vest is very real if enemies carrying heavy steal Beware the thugs who ain't scared of blood or jail time Where Arian nations ain't having integration, we so blind The beauty of life, was when my mom said nigga you could be Christ I wasn't old enough to hold my dick and pee right, "Jesus"! What is he like? I picture him standing with diamonds on him Little different from the way my mommy saw him Practice your aiming, physical training in, difficult terrain and Test your endurance, try to keep your stamina banging Splitting dutches up, strap up, the armies is school  Teaching smart ways to kill, I'm thinking Ghandi was a fool But chronic's a fool; got me thinking out loud, fuck it Sleep on my drunkenness I'll blow your brains out  [Lake] My revolution is as real as Bobby Seale's, I build With dudes and cribs worth a quarter mill, in dix hills for fish scale, to cop guns, the time come I'll mask up and get my comrade off the bus Fuck the beef I'll snatch your seed, from chuckie cheese  And feed him to the rats in the back of the P's  Black fatigues and ? on the sofa 50 inch flat screen Louie Vitton holdsters My motions don't appeal to repel at divisions I did it strong for 7 long years in prison, fuck the system I'm like a modern day Hitler, black gorilla, crip and blood in one nigga Only killas know my face I beat a case for shooting at the police, nigga, the name Lake Though simultaneously the street revolution  21 gun salute the new Huey Newton  [Nas][Lake] [N] Teach y'all women how to hold the family down in case something happens to his fathers [N] Protect the children, grab revolvers [N] The women plays important part of our life force [N] So what we fight for, my heart goes to you beautiful wife in war [L] Uh, And listen more talk less [L] Watch all and trust none, demand your respect [L] And be ready to die for what you believe in [L] And ride all the time not just when convenient  [N] Justice and freedom, wisdom and understanding [N] We the lost children of Israel in this western world region [N] You ain't a man you a coward if you cant support the girl you put a seed in [L] Strong rule the weak, but the wise rule the strong [L] It's more to a war than just getting it on [L] Conceal your form, cover your tracks [L] Stay prepared I don't care if no one's spared Chorus: x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: Dance Typed by: kool_rob@hotmail.com [Nas] One more time, one more time Huh, one more time, huh One more time I dream of the day I could go back to when I was born Laying in your arms, wishing you was here today mom Wish you would appear Just for a second from heaven my tears would be gone I wouldn't be rapping this song I'd be happy driving up to your 8 bed room mansion Ablade, laughing bout the hard time we faced The galaxy is so enchanting beyond, Galileo's understanding Past the milky way and all the planets There's something out there greater But only god knows, scientist claim we came from apes But they lies though, that was part of our conversation I spark one up a star blazing Thinking of how amazing she was A angel gave me love I'm thankful, to ever know a women so real I pray when I marry my wife'll have one of your skillz But mom you could never be replaced I'd give my life up Just to see you one more day To have... One more dance with you mama If I could only have One more dance with you mama Praying, wish that I could have One more dance with you mama If I could only have One more dance with you mama I wish you were here, I miss you more each second I breathe You resting in peace forever I accepted you free A blessing to me, I see you dressed in all white Smiling at me, happy knowing everything's all right If only I could hear your voice and your laughter Just one more time, my chest would be filled up with sunshine April 7th, oh-two That's when the gates of heaven opened up for you to stroll through Beautiful Anne Jones Job is done, raising ghetto kids in the hood You was my strength to carry on and now I'm good Job well done, you lived through your sons and grandchildren Jesus finally got his bride, mommy dance with him And you've been my guide through all the trouble I faced They playing our song the lifebeat my hand on your waist I grab your other hand and try not to step on your toes Spin you around with my eyes closed Dreaming I could have I love you forever mom You will always live through me ... always Huh, huh huh, yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: Heaven Typed by: nbullock@ups.edu (If Heaven was a mile away) Would I pack up my bags and leave this world behind? (If Heaven was a mile away) Or save it all for you? (If Heaven was a mile away) Would I, fill the tank up with gas and be out the front door in a FLASH Before reconsidering, this Hell with you It ain't you it's the things you do (do) It's tearing my heart in two I would of fell with you To Hell with you [Nas] If Heaven was a mile away And you could ride by the gates Would you try to run inside when it opens would you try to die today? Would you pray louder finally believing His power? Even if you couldn't see, but you could feel would you still doubt him? How would you start acting? Would you try to put the ki's down? Thinking every drug sell that you make in the streets He can see now Would a fiend even want to get high, would he stop smoking? If he knew on his own two feet he could just stroll in To get away and escape from the craziness And I bet you there's a Heaven for an atheist It's hard taking this Racist planet where they take another brother in a handcuff Even if he innocent nigga get on the car put your motherfucking hands up Thinking I'm a lose it My mom's in chemo Three times a week, yo keep trying but people Is hard and God your young soldier's not so bold But needs you This world's my home but world I would leave [Nas] Nigga what you think I'ma stop building I'ma stop feeling like I'm Amistad's great great grandchildren How I'm not gonna want to make millions Since the quarter water days in the hallways making fake coke Pass with the Reeses Pieces wrapper in my mouth all day But then my style has quite a while that same type as Ill and Al Skratch Game time to them cats never looked back Cristal blowing dub sacks That's when it all just hit me You see the broads and Bentleys is nothing less my nigga spend it all with me I'd give it all away quickly Just to hear them all I'd buy some new kicks free of any autographs so not to be recognized forgive me It's becoming unbearable  Making hits is easy Put a famous bitch on the hook there you go with a platinum CD I know you heard the noise Preachers touching on altar boys Sodomizing not realizing God is watching before the Lord How can they do the devil's work? A man giving another man head in church Hell it hurts just to fathom the thought wishing that I fled the Earth. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: Thugz Mirror Freestyle Typed by: Leeryhk@MiGente.com [Verse 1] Yo, my man was regulatin on niggas he used to thug with Older niggas in this murder game, drug czars BM, Jaguars, they cash was large Since he was wild, they let him in He did a crazy number of things To put himself deeper under they wing It didn't take long for duke to get on Studied they movements - who would kill, who was strong Studied like a student, got it bloody, he was shootin Drivin they cars, robbin connects Drivin his Lex, keys was movin Young don, now they know they weakness They never seen it comin Son was on some real take over the streets hit Now he got his own crew of young guns clickin now Richer now, now they run shit, see how it flips around? [Verse 2] Dudes be, comin from bids thinkin shit is different Cause the streets move fast, you blink, you could miss it I just sit back and, think of my last 20 years 6 pack, gunnin my years, jet black, blunt in my ear Real relaxed, readin real loves stories like Ceaser and Cleopatra, we need another actress to play her Cause Liz Taylor's hot, but the Egyptian queen On the movie screen needs to be portrayed in a proper flava Hopped in the shower, threw on the boxers with the baby oil Baby powder, night owl, movin to later hours, only Fuckin with kings, niggas official If you phony, come in the circle, niggas'll diss you We converse on the state of hip hop We share the same views and feelings He sling cain, crib costin 2 million He plan to leave the streets forever But niggas that wanted him left him  Dead in the streets 'fore I can tell him The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son	 Song: Pussy Killz Typed by: P_ARMY1@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Uh Crazy (crazy) Ah (ah) Yo pussy kill me... Huh (huh).. yeah (yeah) yeah.. Huh, huh, huh ,huh.. [Nas] Pussy kill me when I was born (what) Pardon me, I rephrase it departed mami wounded decaying I look at the bright sight That the fact that I got a life sight Born '73 September right now (true) Virgo child the first thing I learn is money makes the world go ground On this planet is ten women for one man I wonder how we manage To say vows and walk a straight line in marriage Niggas is some nasty creatures (word) Bitches even nastier they throw at you boy and is hard for me to pass it up Freaky hoes, lick a niggas ass and nuts Stupid bitch brag and tell a baby dad with nuts (stipid bitch) Now he looking for me two cars deep Rolling up on niggas barrel out the window asking you Nas peeps I can't had that two four five nigga grad that Pass it to me suck up for love niggas I blast that I swear my dick is going to get my in trouble I piss at bubbles I thought I felt the sharp pain better stick to rubbers When laying hooker after hooker day out and day in Watch out for diseases that doctors can't name'em Just a thought we all fucked all the same chicks Some play like they innocent fucking entertainers And basketball players the bitch is a hoe But some of yall a save her put your dick in her throat You just a nigga that wipe her (huh) she drove you crazy Now your monkey ass wanna shoot the pimp that pipes her She had your baby now you a life-er (damn) And suicide notes you write her Pussy kills.. [Chorus: repeat 2X] Ow what a thrill That's how a bitch feel Gotta be strong to handle it is real Pussy kills Backs shots keep a nigga open Bitch a have niggas gun smoking, huh Pussy kills [Nas] My nigga James got married same girl he went to school with Nice girl nerd with glasses he was too stunt Studied for her Masters part time nurse I'll tell you how superb the ass is but who's looking I mean that's my man maybe I just took a peek Maybe I wondered what it would be like (sike) Cus James is a need life I was with AZ like Look and hands solo fucking with niggas girls forbidden that's a no no Is death men we real niggas civilize gods And their aint too many niggas like Nas I'm trust worthy Plus I know a dude that catch his wife cheating       Kill his baby, kill his wife and took his own life even Happy for James cus real bitches is hard to come by This nigga found one I told him his lucky we clown some Rolling up dutchies will watching Royed Jones in round one he froze Put his face to the tv bout an inch close Move out the way nigga fucks the matter with you you blind He pointed to the front door thought he was loosing his mind She 'pose to be with her sick mother left for the weekend Was stressed when she was leaving Now she's next to some nigga cheating (Gasping for air, coughing) He picture'em making noises grinding'em and kissing'em Yelling aint no telling we her lips a been Left her messages she came home no lesser than ten minutes Later then they start wrestling and screaming She said she missed her flight that evening She never left she was never at the fight you speaking That's Vegas this is New York you bugging I held up my hand for a that but he wouldn't touch it I'am like when did you start acting like that this is dumbness Gave me a crazy look and started swinging punches I ducked couldn't believe it that nigga so wip He got his gat and started squeezing hit two police men Neighbors dialed 911 they heard a thumping Wounded cops kicked in the door and started dumping Me and his wife dip to the floor she smelled strange My comrade was breathing no more they killed James The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: God's Son Song: The G.O.D. Typed by: Leeryhk@MiGente.com The G-O-D Aiyyo, check it out...It's God's Son I know I always give you clowns a little lean to come out Cause I drop every two years...but it's over now, you know? Hah The G-O-D S-O-N K-I-N-G O-F N-Y-C That's me [x4] [Hook] Is it because I got the city on smash now Oh woe woe Or is it because your time's up and it's a wrap now Hey hey hey hey [Verse 1] In the papers you read that Nas is crazy Lost his mind as he leavin Sony The INC got him signed It's only a figment of your imagination Went to way with New York's Hot radio station Lost my patience, had to zone out Rappers blown out, I have the throne now The real shall reign, I feel your pain You R&B, follow me, spell my name [Hook] [Verse 2] God's Son across the belly Pardon, I'm hardly a bully But what y'all done to hip hop is scary Nas'll be truly the, last soldier to roll with Holdin it down, my proteges are over with now A producer like Swizz Beats, on fire So is the control room, soon as my vocals are down Nas - God's Son, and y'all my little children So bounce with it, if you can pronounce the correct spellin [Chorus x1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Intro Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Nas] Peace, how you? I ain't mean to be late It was my night to watch my little girl It's chilly out here What happened? You crying? Y'all got into it again huh? See you gotta let them know from the jump I don't care who they are, or who they're with Yeah I know they know we're talking Shh, why don't they just leave us alone? I know it's hard for them to understand people like us could love each other Come on, stop crying now Eh, there's something I gotta tell you I heard they're watching you Yeah, they're watching, they're watching me too But there ain't no reason to get low I'm proud, I'm here You know I'ma stand up for you, no matter what And I know you'll stand up for me I don't have no doubts about you being true to me The world is ours But right now it feels like the whole world is against us So study, be strong, don't cry no more *Immediately follows A Message To The Feds, Sincerely, We The People* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: A Message to the Feds, Sincerely, We the People Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Nas] I walk the block like whatever god, my message to y'all feds Who desperate to arrest us young, benevolent hardheads Abrochrombie & Finch rockin', wrist glistenin' marksman Hitchcock of Hip-Hop since Big Pop departed The project logic is still salute the dead, glocks spit Pour some juice out for those in Manchester, Viewmount Otisville, Newasberg, Fort Dicks, Fort Worth, Oakdale Every fed jail where all my dawgs lurk War hurts much to gain 'til the day we all say May your pain be champagne then we all blaze away At our enemies, may they die easily Long as they perish forever's what freedom means to me Blowin' greenery, growing eager to see evil things Thrown away, zonin' grey, GT, Diesel jeans Airs and Chucks, solitaires, stones with the rarest cuts On some Pretty Tone shit, haircut looks airbrushed And they're aware of us though And we don't give a flyin' 47 fuck though Stayin' on my hus-tle *beat change* [Verse 2: Nas] A message to those who trapped us up, from federal guys who backed them up We never will die, we black and tough, lead in your eye, we strapped to bust Half of us been locked up inside the beast, look at the time we see Brooklyn to Compton streets, Queens, even the Congo needs dreams Our bullets and triggers our enemies pullin' on innocent women and children It wasn't no ghetto killers who mixed up the coke and put guns in our buildings But I'm not gon' cry, and I'm not gon' just stand and watch you die I'ma pass you a .9, I'ma grab your hand -- come on let's ride A message to those who killed the king, who murdered the Christ The same regime, what God has built you never can break What God has loved you never can hate, man makes rules and laws You just a ruthless dog, your kennel is waiting You devils will run back into the caves you came from Whenever that day comes, forty-acres, plantations, see every race won Sincerely yours, Street's Disciple, revelations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Nazareth Savage Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com *Man laughing* [Verse 1: Nas] I had bad chicks that blow cum bubbles like bubblegum Plus they ass lick, summer house be sippin' rum Layin' lazy in the recliner, couple days In my ashtray, smoke signals from the haze I stick my finger through it, the ring of smoke broke That symbolize weak guys, pop the strong link off The infrastructure caves in, amazin' I ain't have to read The Art of War to slay men Serve niggaz, bird niggaz speakin' reckless When their momma love the kid's records I made You gutless, you don't know struggle Throw a couple slugs at you, hell grabs you Nail stabs a hand of the Nasirine I carried the cross to help you afford that plasma screen Gave you chumps a path to walk, hold my hand I'ma guide you like the OG, but don't talk, don't get it confused 'Cause none'a y'all can fit in my shoes Y'all made of chemicals, artificial actions God'll forgive you bastards Only if you repent to the Nazareth Savage [Verse 2: Nas] I squeeze nipples like pimples to get the puss, get it? Form a crew, swallow forty cal' bullets after dinner's finished Wash it down with a shot of tequila, pocket full'a scrilla Can't come close to, Francis Copala, Samson -- no Delilah You're pint-sized, I'm mic's eyes with the gladiator tattoos on it You scared to look too long at, sit on a don's lap Tell you a story shorty, spicy like lories Chickenheads and orgies, criminals that draw heat in their late forties Drug habits, love grabbin' kids up like yours Sendin' you a picture of them in their drawers with black eyes Savage guys, you hire Magnum PI's to bag up my guys Said you was a thug with a good disguise, try to protect your cabbage You're runnin' from the Nazareth Savage [Verse 3: Nas] Son's backward flows, they say mine is very scary Smell fear like a canine that finds buried babies And all of y'all wear that same aroma How to blow on your eighth LP, I'll show ya You're wack nigga, face it In the history of the game, you have no placement Liquor and weed just massacred their mind, or thee celebrity Or they couldn't change with time, so now they run they mouth But when the sun go south, them comes come out My cavalry woulda been threw ten in your skin Casualty you don't wanna be, don't want it with me Straight savage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Kelis Album: Street's Disciple Song: American Way Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com *Sample* Nas: "Political" Newscaster: "Recently there has been an emergence of socially      conscious and political rappers. It seems to be      a new trend in the Hip-Hop world." *DJ scratches sample* Nas: "Nas is a rebel to America" 3X* [Vers 1: Nas] Yeah, check it, uh Spot build-rocker, lil' papa killed Hoffa Beard lil' longer, feel strong and I'll stop ya Drill sergeant, still thorough, wheelbarrows of distilled vodka Get me real bonkers like Will Ferrell on cat tranquilizer Rap guys get bank and think they messiahs, but they liars Vote fo who now? You're red, white and blue? I'm American too, but I ain't with the president's crew What you peddlin' and who you peddlin' to? You ain't got the ghetto with you Try'na lead my sheep to the slaughterhouse Talkin 'bout +Rap the Vote+, you ain't thought about The black vote mean nathan, who you gonna elect Satan or Satan? In the hood nothin is changin, uh We ain't got no choices who to choose Ten-years ago they were tryin to stop our voices And end Hip-Hop, they some hypocrites Condoleeza Rice - I don't really get this chick Tell her if she ever really cared about poor schools About poor children, then she gotta prove that she ain't just another coon Uncle Tom fool Like these MC's, gotta give 'em the rules Lie to the youth, Uncle Tom you confused Might as well give the Hip-Hop community a noose Need a truce with the gangs and some food for the hungry On Kerry nuts, he look at you like a monkey You MC's on that old slavery path The Bushs'll look at yo' ass and laugh See, it's all about community, let's help ourselves Cops brutalize us get dealt with with shells It's our turn, it's 'bout time we win Need somebody as the hood as my councilman, uh [Chorus: Kelis] Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit (Nas: Cause that's the American way) Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way [Verse 2: Nas] Up in the steam room chillin', exfoliating the skin Israeli men conversatin' on ends, probably businessmen I sense good taste, and they watch us, the spots an expensive place Manhattan New York, I'm try'na keep steamin' It's good for the lungs, had plans for the evening This man leans in, his boys laughing Now I'm the spokesperson for Black men, this always happens Says, "Since all Black women care about is who got dough And all we do is call them either bitch or a Black hoe" I say first brotha you ain't gotta be that cold Since you ignorant, I'ma show you how the facts go The biggest example in scandal of history Were Monica Lewinksy or Donald Trump's pimping spree Most woman who love Giovanni or Gucci Are pretentious non-Black groupies or floozies But who are we to blame, not the dames It's a man-made game, in essence our woman the same Beautiful creatures, Black girls birthed the earth So they deserve the Hermes purse Matter fact, I'm about to go shopping with my dime Catch you cowards the next time, the next rhyme, uh [Chorus: Kelis singing] Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit (Nas: That's the American way) Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit (Nas: Cause that's the American way. What up, K?) Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit (Nas: That's the American way) Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way, shit (Nas: Ha, yeah) I don't care about the runaways I don't care about who's gay I don't care about dying of AIDS But I care if I got paid Who even cares about the president? I think they're making a mistake I don't care about the hurricane As long as my family's safe I don't care about the candidates They burnt this country to bits Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way (Nas: Uh) Can we make a change You know it's not overnight Let's start the fight (Nas: And ya don't stop, uh) Can we make a change You know it's not overnight Let's start the fight (Nas: Yeah) Yeah I think about this everyday, that's the American Way *Sample* Nas: Nas is a rebel to America! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: These are Our Heroes Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com Nas: "This ain't for everybody. Y'all know who y'all are    Yeah you, y'all know who y'all are. These are our    heroes." [Chorus: Nas] Let's hear it, one for the coons on UPN 9 and WB Who 'Yes Massa' on TV, what ever happened to Wheezy? The Red Fox's? Never got Emmy's but were real to me Let's hear it, two for the spooks who do cartwheels 'Cause they said they played they parts well Now they claim caviar, hate that oxtail Lambda Sigma Phi badge on lapel Whitey always tell him, "Ooh, he speak so well" Are you the one we look to, the decent Negro? The acceptable Negro -- hell nah But they say, "These are our heroes" [Verse 1: Nas] Uh, Massa used to breed us to be bigger to go play Athletes of today in the NBA, make me proud But there's somethin' they don't say Keep gettin' accused for abusin' White pussay From OJ to Kobe, uh let's call him Tobe First he played his life cool just like Michael Now he rock ice too just like I do Yo, you can't do better than that? The hotel clerk who adjusts the bathroom mat? Now you lose sponsorships that you thought had your back Yeah, you beat the rap jiggaboo, fake nigga you You turn around then you shit on Shaq Who woulda knew, Mr. Goodie-Two-Shoes He love a little butt crack, got enough cash Little kids with they bus pass who look up to you To do something for the youth, stupid spoof But you let them use you as an example They would rep, but our heroes got they hands full [Verse 2: Nas] You Homey The Clown, bowtie, apple pie, Bo Jangles But we love Bo Jangles, we know what he came through But what's your excuse, duke? You talk Black but your album sound like you give your nuts for a plaque You don't ride for the facts like um, say Scarface You don't know what you feel, y'all too safe Election done came and went, y'all worked so hard for it Huh, and in the end we all got dicked These are our heroes, thanks a lot public school systems still rot Still harassed by cops, snitches on blocks Sellin they peoples out - some real folks with clout Tavis Smiley, Michael Eric Dyson Stokely Carmichael, let's try to be like them Nicky Giovanni poetical black female Jim Brown to the people who sing well from Fela to Miriam Makeba The mirror says you are the next American leader So don't be, acceptin new 'We are the World' records These pickaninnies get with anything to sell records Cause it's trendy to be the conscious MC But next year, who knows what we'll see? Ha-Ha, these are our heroes Nas: "Yeah, I wanna give a special shoutout to the -- y'know    the crew doin' they thing out there reppin' us hard    Big up to Tiger Woods. Yeah, ya don't stop. Big up    to Cuba Gooding Jr. Y'know, yeah, y'know. Tay Diggs    what up my nigga. Yeah, ha-ha. And you don't quit    and ya don't quit, and ya don't stop and ya don't quit." Male Heckler: "Yeah-Yeah, what you doin' for the hood though       homie? What you doin' for the hood, man? Look at       all that paper. Drivin' around like a playboy in       my hood. What type of shit is that?" *overlapping dialogue* Nas: "I'm outta here. Please, excuse me, 'xcuse me -- please    Let me get to my limousine, I'm outta here. I know, I    got a plane to catch. And I love you back. Ha-Ha    yeah yeah -- And I'm outta here. A-ha-ha -- PEACE." Thug Heckler: "Come on nigga, give back to the hood. Cocky       motherfucker!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Disciple Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Intro] Nas  "Two-thousand-four, yeah. L, whattup?" L.E.S. "Prophesy!" Nas  "Yeah." L.E.S. "Prophesy baby!" [Chorus: Nas & L.E.S.] Disciple, Disciple (What?!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (Let's go!) [Verse 1: Nas] Word to mama, any lineup of rhymers Could bring any drama, anytime, the city's mine Nas Is Like, Love Undying, Money's My Bitch In Thugz Mansion, thugs dancin' around the fly shit Pharaoh garment's Prada, Egyptian camelback-riders Pyramid architects, Perignon bottles, money, jewelry want me to come Get me, hit me but don't miss me, you history Lead flowin' around like a Frisbee, Italian dons from Sicily kiss me This ain't 50, this ain't Jigga, this ain't Diddy, this ain't Pretty Pain, power, pussy and pistols, lyrically no one, hold none near me, hear me Kids cheer me like The Count of Monte-Cristo Steady poundin' soundin' like G without the lisp though My big bro told me plain and simple, "Nas do not look back" Watch where you took rap, no bookbags and trucker hats Just army jacks and diamonds that's flashin' What the fuck is that, freestyle [Chorus: Nas & L.E.S.] Disciple, Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (Esco!) [Verse 2: Nas] Like Paul, Michael and Matthew, Peter, James and Andrew Phillip, Simon and Judas -- I'm disciple of music Street beats is the main thing minus the traitor And I'm not a dictator, I'm the righteous invitin' you haters Inside the life of the greatest, it'll take you through something real Get a smack in your face, 'cause I hurt up, trauma-tize, llama Bust shells, destroy yet try'ta prevent violence If I present iron somebody dyin', don't even worry 'bout it Then dress warm for the cemetery climate When I speak I need cemetery silence, terror See me, gold Hummers, Lamborghinis, man who stole the summer Hand straight gleamin', if I don't know you toe-tag you Drag you through the cement, fo-fo maggie Body parts in my man's Maserati car, then party hard in Madagascar While rigor mortis'll grab ya, him retarded, I'm pass that Gloves on, where the mask at? Too many love songs All the thugs gone, what happened? Where's the passion? Rappers battlin' non-rappers, carryin' on backwards Laughin' sayin' Nas thinks he's Farrakhan preachin' blackness Hell yeah, awareness is my alias Word to the 'Braveheart' written on my bare chest The realest, HERE IT IS! [Chorus: Nas & L.E.S.] Disciple, Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (STREET'S!) Disciple (Street's!) Disciple (Street's!) Disciple (Esco!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Sekou Story Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Nas] Uh, I knew a few pharmacists, fuck frozen They kept pneumonias on their arms and wrists The main dude, Sekou, face look hard as shit Remember like yesterday, they were the kings of ecstacy Kept sellin' it, he blends in everywhere, has a mixed heritage Bitches let him hit on the reg', waterbed seats in his car All red ferari, Florida where we met at a redlight Homeboy bumpin' my old shit They wildin' with some freaks from the islands piled in behind him, limosine, Benz He shouted, "Nas, roll with us" I'm bored so I followed him Nikki Beach, here's where the scene begins He put me on to Don, nice ass with a set of mean twins Had a pocket full of cash, Sekou wasn't lettin' me spend I was there for the weekend, packed and prepared for anything Then he brings me to his castle in Coconut Grove War stories about dudes both of us know Never heard drunken words spoken so slow A year go by, the nigga was fly Prada shoes, a lotta jewelry, stayed high Got a call, he's in N.Y Needs a couple of G's 'til tomorrow, I dips by for a season where he's at Greets me with a smile, told him "Here keep that" Next week got a call from his wife Said somebody done took son life *beat changes* She said [Nas as Scarlett - repeat 2X] "Who gon' hold me down now? Hold me down now  Tell me that huh -- who gon' hold me down now?  Who gon' hold me down now? Who gon' hold me down?  Tell me that huh -- who gon' hold me down now" [Nas as Scarlett] Forget about them other dudes, they talkin' to me rude 'Cause I always knew the truth, they hated Sekou H2 full of holes, the drove him off the road Left him there on this 'cain, clothes stained with his brain My soul shattered, my man's toe's tagged up Arrangement's a closed casket See now a hoe has to, maintain with his fake gang sheddin' fake tears, I won't have it Look, this kid's Jamaican -- half Hatian, half Asian Brag about how the streets needed a changin' Son, you the only one a bitch could call You remind me of my dude, help me get them all Nas: "Di-sci-ple" *scratched by DJ 3X* Scarlett: "You remind me of my dude, help me get them all" Nas: "Di-sci-ple" *scratched by DJ 3X* Scarlett: "You remind me of my dude, help me get them all" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Live Now Typed by: ds1000@gmail.com Live now niggaz, there's no promise of a second time around, put it down We'll just live now, there's no reason why you shouldn't, everything is up to you All you gotta do is just, live now, we spending Not under the ground yet, we enjoying every second yo Live now, don't forget to bro, yeah cause I promise you you'll regret it bro Picture my last days will be so grim My daughter at my bedside, respirator in me Eyes dilated, looking skinny, trying to smile, trying to say something Whole room will quiet down just to hear my last words Tears fall down my facial, why fear anything, it's now too late to I'm dreaming of a time I was silked out at the peak of my career But I always choked out, leaving mad money on the table at crazy amounts I would hit the scene for a second and bounce Admit I did live a little bit, sweet pickle dick Freaks licked on it, lips I dripped on it Sex, I dropped pearl necklaces on necks and tits Traveled half the world, wish I traveled the rest of it From QB to Mecca kid, so if you knew me You'd be proud to say I left you with enough memories to resurrect me with So live now nigga [Scarlett] It's been a long time since you came through to see ya sis You know I love you, I've been a fan since Genesis Gotta respect you 'cause you never tied to smash Since we met a while back, and your style was mack Now I see that you a man after all you been through A stand-up dude, held me down after Sekou Need more brothers like you in the hood, would have wifed you if I could But the white cells in my blood were no good Said I had it ten years, but I was just a carrier I thought, "Me a victim?", could never be my character It's ill Se' passed the way he did, didn't know how to tell him Just happy it didn't get in our kid But all the things I did was the flyest, experiences were priceless Remember days of diamond cuts Nugget rings, clubs in Queens, Jetta cars Used to love them things, Barbados, Belize I stayed over seas, shopping sprees, credit cards Pockets of Gs, left the hood, phattest cribs To platinum from silver, came back, bitches calling me the black Liz Taylor Imagine that, Rob me? My nigga would kill ya, they knew the rules All the planes I flew, niggaz I ran through Lot of unprotected sex, don't know where it came from Grimy niggaz, rich niggaz, damn it ain't a game son From the Cayman Islands to the Virgin Islands Gucci suitcases (coughs), a chic did it, eff the screw faces Critics and fans, they need to get a life You doin' the right thing, settle down, get a wife now I grew with you so you know you make me proud And most of all you gotta live now [Chorus: Scarlett] Live now nigga ain't no promise of a second time around, put it down, would you We'll just live now, there's no reason why you shouldn't, everything is up to you All you gotta do is just, live now, keep spending Not under the ground yet, keep enjoying every minute yo Gotta live it up to the limit yo cause I promise you you'll regret it bro [Scarlett] Son, come close, lemme talk to you I got music, put it out to the world, let 'em hear it Look out for little me, one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Amerie Album: Street's Disciple Song: Rest of My Life Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Chorus: Amerie singing] The rest of my life The rest of my life [Verse 1: Nas] LIFE, dead presidents, devilish meant Overthrow king thrones just 'cause of their negligence DEATH, real shit'll start comin' to light Niggaz you ain't like dickin' your wife, WHAT? Kind and underminding, grimy, stiff corpse shapin' Pork bacon, double-cross Satan HEATHENS, non-god-fearing, lace thong wearing demons But glory go to God, y'all BENEATH HIM If y'all don't know that, rap with a old cat He'll show you streets where them big dealers DROVE AT Where low-key killers let the fo' clap Blocka-blocka-blocka -- OH The glow, the 'dro, the dough for shows Everything a hood brother thing he needs -- YO You'll find a goal in a ghetto superstar's roadmap And I'ma use that for the [Amerie singing] For the rest of my life For the rest of my life [Verse 2: Nas] Burnt-out, kicked to the curb So I had to learn how to turn around a hundred thou' REAL FAST In '95 that was my last, I went back to the ave thinkin' rap's a thing of the PAST Rest in peace E Money Bags, no more cabs, got caught with the ratchet in the stash Lawyer want CASH, my ba'y bro blast burners at cats who gell They burnt a range with a mollet of COCKTAIL My little man got fourteen-years for car-jackin' a undercover Them cops SWEAR, my little nigga told on me I'm thinkin, "Hello, where's the L-O, V-E" Pigs play games, my little man'll never say names Word to his pops with elephant veins They both locked-up still, word to Will I'll make it and chill for the [Chorus: Amerie singing] For the rest of my life For the rest of my life [Verse 3: Nas] My man gave his mommy coke So she wouldn't hit the block all crazy for the smoke DAMN NIGGA, could you picture you supplyin' your own moms so she don't have to bone for DIMES? Or give dome for nicks' in the roofs of the projects where dogs shit and PISS Yeah, we all plan to get rich but it's all about how it's executed Lexus coup-ed, brigettes from cubics Mighta been stupid, but I got far from twenty-six BARS To ten LP's, what can him tell me? Of them? Of y'all? I'M NAS, on a track that's unorthodox Like my life coulda been offed by THE COPS Told y'all, Nas will prevail by the book when it's up for sale About the rest [Chorus: Amerie singing] For the rest of my life For the rest of my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Quan Album: Street's Disciple Song: Just a Moment Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Quan] Can we please have a moment of silence? That's for my niggaz doin' years in confinement And for my soldiers who passed over, no longer living That couldn't run whenever the reaper came to get 'em Can we please pour out some liquor? Symobolizin', let's take in time to consider that Though our thugs ain't here, the love is here And we gon' rep 'til slugs kill us here This for my dawgs stuck in the struggle tryin' to gain Smokin' trauma, sniffin' Ra while sellin' cocaine Trapped in the game, not knowin' how to stop and get by To live it alive, so instead they live it to die Can we please have a moment of peace? For every G that fell for his flag in the streets Bloodin' and thuggin', folkin' and lokin' Crypin' and creepin', Latin and kingin' Or just for poor righteous teachin' [Chorus: Quan sings] As days goes and nights fall For the rest of our life we'll miss y'all And even though life must go on, we'll still mourn While wishin' y'all were home [Verse 2: Nas] Yeah, and can we have another moment of silence? For brothers who died from black-on-black violence From here to the Dark Continent were rebels sell diamonds To clients allover the world, got little Black girls dyin' And can we please pour some more liquors? For Will, Bokeem, Bar, Pappy -- my niggaz Here's another Warrior Song from Nasty and Quan It's to him I pass the baton to carry this on Street's Disciple, salute to those who's gone with bullets And I promise through rhymin' Quan gon' rep his life to the fullest And can we please have a moment of truth? For soldiers and troops away with helmets and boots And families back home who pray they make it home safe Hopin' that they don't get hit with a stray or missiles This is just a moment to let you all know that we miss you Mommy I'm still here, wishin' I was there with you Let's take 'em home [Verse 3: Quan] And can we please have a moment to mourn? For Pac, Biggie and Pun 'cause through us they live on Jam Master Jay, Freaky Ty and Alliyah Big L and Left Eye, when we die we wish to see ya Can we please have a moment for children? Who got raped or murdered, or trapped in the system Who never knew their father, never learned to dream But was guided by drug dealers, killers and crack fiends For single mothers that's forced to play mom and dad Bustin' her ass to give her kids shit she never had For my niggaz in the pen hopin' rhymes'll get 'em signed So when released, they can say bye to a life of crime For very mother that held a son in the street bleedin' Cryin' a song of sorow to dark and deep for speakin' Just a moment outside the day to day struggle To let the ones we really care about know that we love 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Reason Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Chous: Woman singing] I see people hating other people Tell me what's the reason That your kid is hungry, you ain't got no money What's the reason? [Verse 1: Nas] By the time of age nine I'm already decidin' If I can protect mommy from the hood by fightin' Or usin' a knife or a gun when I'm twenty-one By by then them hoods woulda pushed their way in our apartment And we die then, so I been a young nervous wreck in the projects Watchin' them older niggaz pass pot and they high man I'm just a young boy, snot nose, hair nappy Cops ride by squeezin' their trigger fingers at me So I would go to school and try to get good grades Teacher wrote mommy and kicked me outta school for havin' braids So she cussed them, said "My son ain't no motherfuckin' hoodlum" They judged us, thinking that we dumb 'cause where we come from Got a little older and now I see Young niggaz wanted by the powers that be (powers that be) [Chorus: Woman singing] I see people hating other people Tell me what's the reason That your kid is hungry, you ain't got no money What's the reason? For these wars we're fighting with each other Season after season When you're workin' hard, but there ain't nothing comin' What's the reason? [Verse 2: Nas] Uh, picture a Black nanny and a baby in a basket pushin' down 5th Ave She never had it, it's not hers to begin with She gives it breakfast, baths and dinners Treats it so tender while her own kids live alone at home with no phone on Ain't had a good meal in so long, but so long as mommy's a maid Cookin' and cleanin', she wanna feed her kids and her kids are dreamin' Where's my daddy, who's my daddy, have you seen him? I could imagine them askin', what type of human be-ing Could leave his family, go back to the Carribean? Was he locked up, shot up, does he have freedom? Mom said wipe your tears, keep readin' But daddy's somewhere, spirit broken, feelin' defeated A man feels he has to conquer all The world is his oyster, his pearl so y'all know [Chorus: Woman singing] I can't find no reason why we can't all live in peace 'Cause this world keeps spinning, yet still I wonder what's the reason I see people hating other people Tell me what's the reason When you're workin' hard but there ain't nothin' comin' What's the reason? Oooh-whoa-ooh-whoa [Verse 3: Nas] I know a girl, her boyfriend was a fugitive She's intuitive, be on some stupid shit She called the cops 'cause she hated his mother Now he away doin' numbers, now she gay with her lover How many niggaz gon' die this summer? I pump life in my music, but still life is a wonder There's a officer in a squad car, he's a prostitute serial killer It's odd, huh? 'Cause he's the same cop in church with his wife He's molestin' his son and she ignores it at night Little bad ass bastard, lights a match and kills Betty Shabazz in her pad while she slept They said Prescott Bush funded Hitler while the world's in a twister Nigga, what you expect? Imagine what's next [Chorus: Woman singing] I see people hating other people Tell me what's the reason That your kid is hungry, you ain't got no money What's the reason? For these wars we're fighting with each other Season after season When you're workin' hard, but there ain't nothing comin' What's the reason? Woman harmonizes as Nas talks:  "Uh, uh, man, man'll search the whole planet, looking for what  Try to conquer all. So what? To all my niggaz with they  kids that love they kids, man. All the daddies out there  To all the niggaz that died tryin'a figure out what's what  Tryin'a be the biggest of the big, you know. Yeah, yeah  Ladies forgive us. Gotta forgive us. For we know not what  we do. Breakin' hearts, leavin' the crib, buggin' out and  shit. Just man... man." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: You Know My Style Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Nas] Cup'a Hen', cup'a Goose, cup'a Cris' White chain, colored watch on a wrist Switch lanes in monster whips, ambience Specially dressed, guess who? -- Nas, it's obvious Step to bars, we just order dark liquors Clear liquors, y'all niggaz are s-e-x Yes we get respectic, eclectic messages Left our brains, grit into a female's estrogen She feels electric, her breasts she's touchin' them Wet 'tween the legs from this thug seduction N-a-s, then they ass, over-spank it Whisperin' she loves intelligent gangstas Call fatties 'bubbles', call head 'skull' Before I get either I need some Red Bull She'll scream as I pushed in her freezing cold pool When she piss she gon' bleed in the whole stool That's how much I wanna bang and touch her pretty thing Won't pluck no chicken wing, don't fuck with just anything Gotta come up, run up and get touched up Suicide, that's if you confront us [Chorus I: Nas] Don't talk, just hold your breath (breath) Been here a while, s'only one nigga left (left) And all'a y'all know my style (style) I spend dough but I still let it pile (pile) Mama shake ya thing Coochie get wet while the bass beat bang (bang) You put it on and on and on and on Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song  [Verse 2: Nas] Uh, from a boy to a king Love to rock diamonds and fancy rings I'm a thoroughbred, real heavy mayn I'm fuckin' something tonight that's on everything Fellas who beat bodies with me Kidnappers and stick-up kids, they all poli' with me Pop bottles with me, button-up shirts and throwbacks Old cats only roll when I'm in the city And the dance floor it's disgustin' Move your waistline to the basic percussion I'm that, cool laid-back don who won't say nuttin' And laugh when a nigga start frontin' [Chorus II: Nas] And all'a y'all know my style (style) I spend dough but I still let it pile (pile) Mama shake ya thing Coochie get wet while the bass beat bang (bang) You put it on and on and on and on Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song Bass beat bang (bang) ---> 2X Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song [Verse 3: Nas] Rock Tims, rock Chucks, rock Bapes Her light eyes, pretty lips, fly face First you said you would spread for me in an instant See me with the next chick, now you act different Power of the stick shift, now I embarrass her Play your position, you way outta character Do the knowledge, graduated hood college with honors Pay homage to Nas, Dickies and Converse On the eyes shades in the nighttime regardless The army's so thick you can't harm us [Chorus III: Nas] And all'a y'all know my style (style) I spend dough but I still let it pile (pile) Mama shake ya thing Coochie get wet while the bass beat bang (bang) You put it on and on and on and on Everybody talkin' 'bout the new Nas song (Nas song) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Street's Disciple Song: Suicide Bounce Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busta Rhymes] Ay fellas I think you might wanna s-s-sneak your ratchet in here for this one Ay ladies Put your petroleum jelly on your face Yo Nas, we got a big bet in the streets that you knock they ass out in the first 30 seconds of the first round GET 'EM! [Verse One: Nas] Sittin up drunk, shufflin thoughts Got paper but I'm lost Losin focus what a nigga still hustlin for My seed is straight, the fam is settled Idle time get the man in trouble When wifey tourin, my life get boring Start to remember all types of torment The devil's callin, but I don't answer Mom passed from cancer, leavin behind two granddaughters, two grandsons, two 9's next to me in the Phantom, who lyin? Big screen documentaries of Idi Amin Gotta, try to stay away from creeps With they bullshit, tryin to put me back in the streets War stories, funerals where feds be layin from a dreadful slayin Body viewing's at the wake Nigga sit stiff in his Ferrari, no casket with his eyelids still open, it's kinda spooky Iceman watch on, the suit Gucci I'm above the standard But dude just Mar-salis than Branford Thinkin you're too rich, they wanna gun ya Kidnap ya cause of they hunger, but you fuckin with hunters Camoflauged in black hoods that dump clips Cause real niggaz die over dumb shit Camoflauged in black hoods that dump clips Cause real niggaz die over dumb shit [Chorus 2X: Busta Rhymes] Fight, fists, dance, suckah Suicide, bounce, brother Ice, whips, cash, nigga Watch yo', big, ass, momma [Verse Two: Nas] To your, power structure, Nas is dangerous Y'all the antithesis, the opposite Twitchin shit, all up in your body language Mean muggin your bitch, cause she leans over to look closer told you y'all sloppy gangsters sayin "Nas is this and Nas is that" Your eyes go front, your eyes go back Surprised I'm at the same place y'all be at It's obvious you don't know how I react Like, I don't know where the party's at You're foamin at the mouth, losin breath Like a cardiac arrest, but I ain't impressed Cause the fact is, y'all don't really want it Two to the head, fo' to the stomach Call more security cause I come off anywhere you at you scary cats If you dare squeeze back, guns shall rain a thousand times harder than when I first came Y'all not relentless, y'all dumb And y'all just forgot about the consequences Not a jail sentence, but see the nigga you feed'll kick it to dude that kick it to me We posess, the recipes for death, cause jealousy destroys Feed the dog first, watch out for salmonella poisoning I know a kid who'll throw shit in your food And say, "That's the way you kill a man, avoid the shooting" Hey... [Outro] You smile, in my face Secretly I know, you want my place You waitin on me to choke, don't want a nigga to breathe You wanna come cut my throat, you wanna get rid of me But before I let it happen them guns gon' start clappin And y'all gon' rest in peace, cause death is the recipe Before I let it happen them guns gon' start clappin And y'all gon' rest in peace, cause death is the recipe [Busta] Suicide, bounce, brother [Busta] Suicide, bounce, brother [Busta] Suicide, bounce, brother [Busta] Suicide, bounce, brother The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Olu Dara Album: Street's Disciple Song: Street's Disciple Typed By: JCarlin5@yahoo.com [Nas] Yeah, yeah, yeah You was born in the eighties, pops drove a Mercedes Did a bid, coming home to some grown ass kid Crack baby turn to young thug, description might fit you Look around it might hit you No joke, I wanna pistol fight with you Shit comes around faster than you think Blood and white chalk makes pink, so what's that make you? Become a creature of habitat, the average cat Won't see where it's at, or where it's going The hood waits for no one I've been through it from Ewings to Buicks, to body viewings Car chases to court cases, to fly vacations From wanting it all, to being the object of your admiration Imagination is what they lack It stops niggaz from getting stacks feeling trapped on the block with loose cracks Wisdom is vital for the survival of the street's disciple "From the day you were born" (Olu Daru sample) "Starring out, a young disciple" (Nas Sample) "You had that gleam in your eye" (Olu Daru sample) Disciple of the projects! "From the day you were born" (Olu Daru sample) "Street's Disciple" (Nas Sample) "Disciple of the projects" (Olu Daru sample) [Nas] Moonstruck stuck, slow as molasses in my actions That's compliments of a fast spliff in the night life In my flight jacket, adrenaline heightened, mimickin Tyson after watchin him cut up Razor Ruddock In the gutter, which was once ghetto prophecy is now ghetto scripture Lookin back at it, blowjobs from pretty crack addicts Older Gods wantin no static, told some lil' niggaz they can have it Coke baggin and toe-taggin They took Will, let me describe him, a live one I think that he was the true +God's Son+ - not Jesus, but fearless His ear was up on them sounds too, he'd hear somethin not to his likin, and say 'Son they bitin you" He never got to see my debut, wild-mannered But wild with them hammers, niggaz frontin couldn't stand it Took him off the planet, left us in 9-2 With the philosophy of what arms do, a true street's disciple [Nas] Plug the mics up, I'm ready to rock, knocking Reminiscing of measuring pots of Pyrex, cook in the kitchen Captain Hook to these infants It's like my folks is still on the benches Surrounded by villains and henchmen, was a killer convention 1991, son, gold fronts on the facial, gun buck by the naval Disciple could blaze you, we laced it with embalming fluid Rhyming to music all this time Fighting 'bout how Kane and Rakim would do it Seemed impossible to us that we could ever leave From the block, where the world was forever freezing Hell if I ever let them shovel me, son, in this cell again Fuck these devil policemen, plush leathers, I need them Risking my freedom, burners in bubble coats Fuck a sermon from the neighborhood pope He's sexing ho's, old fart, he's busting ones when he stroke Multi-colored Pelle Pelle's, young stretch mark bellies Babies born in a cycle, future disciples The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: U.B.R. (Unofficial Biography of Rakim) Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com Nas: "The unauthorized copy. Dedication to my children, my child    Destiny Jones. To my niece and nephews, Suree, Malik, Jabari    The world is yours. Acknowledgements: First off, I wanna    thank God. And I wanna thank everybody for helping me out    with this. Couldn't do it without you. Chapter 1." [Verse 1: Nas] January 28, 1968 Born into this world as William Griffin The Great Chapter 1, Winedance Long Island Scientific rhymin' invented a new sound when he met with Eric Barrier from East Sandhurst The melody they created was the first Burst on the scene, 1986 with Clap To This '87 dropped a classic disc The facts is the tracklist was like four The vocals, the beats -- according to Marly Marl Recorded in my hometown Queensbridge That's why it's so relative This biography was unauthorized I spit it how it was given to author Nas William changed his name at sixteen to Rakim Allah 'Cause Clarence 13X had New York on lock Gods on every block, jams in every park I remember hearin' Curtis Blow saying "It can't get better than this" 'Til Run DMC blew my brains to bits From leather coats to shell toes to the stan smiths, to Dapper Dan kicks First million-dollar deal ever in rap, 18th Letter did that From 41st & Broadway to Uni to MCA We followed the leader to Harlem's Apollo Theatre Supreme rapped and the 50 that don't rap Forte Green, Queens, Long Island wolfpack Paid In Full posse, hot they was on And Ra had his firstborn With the next line I'ma be easy His wisdom's name is Fifi EPMD put a record out, was dope Tension spread, and I quote "Smack me and I smack you back" Sounded like the answer to the I Ain't No Joke track For a second it ain't look good Little tension buzzin' from Winedance to Brentwood Misunderstood, all forgot by sixteen when I met Freddy Foxx Totin' burners, the whole coast's most concern was How was Rakim's flow, made Christians convert with Islamic ways Let The Rhythm Hit 'Em was the third LP A sophisticated mean one, before similar voices were King Son A few others, but sooner or later, the game was Ra's kingdom At sixteen, son was watchin' him, mesmorized Respect, not jockin' him, was so amazin', besides He came on the stage with lasers in his eyes Walk with me now [Nas talking] "Unauthorized biography of Rakim. Epilogue: Mother was  a jazz singer. Nephew to R & B legend Ruth Brown  Discography: Paid In Full, Follow The Leader, Let  The Rhythm Hit 'Em, Don't Sweat The Technique. That's  the end of the group. Went off to solo. Dropped the  R, then the 18th Letter, and I think, somethin', The  Master. Was signed to Aftermath, scheduled to release  an album Oh My God with Dr. Dre. The album was  dismantled because of creative differences. Thee end  to the new beginning. Yeah. Next book, KRS1. Peace." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Doug E. Fresh, Nas Album: The Red Light District/Street's Disciple Song: Virgo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Doug E. Fresh beatboxes*} [Nas] Yeah.. what.. you! [DEF] UH-HUH! C'MON! [Nas] Yeah.. yeah, what? [DEF] Nasty Nas, Virgo [Nas] Uh-huh [DEF] L-L-Ludacris, Virgo [Nas] Uh uh uh [DEF] Doug Fresh [DEF] As we go, somethin like this [Nas] Nasir.. [Nas] Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo Hey girl, just come and hold my hand Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo We sippin on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though I drop you off at, Willoughby and Myrtle Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off You seen me convince your homegirl though Plus she says her life is too hard She says that she wanna come and build with the God Promise that she gon' play her part Cause what I spit gets straight to her heart And, she's damn fine, feet Hammertime, damn if I mind Love is the bu-bubblin back of your waistline I don't waste time, gotta GET GET ON IT Just you and me, two glasses, sip on Patron and in the club scene where I met Ms. Green Eyes She walked by askin me, "Are you Nas?" Why? "If you was I'd be totally twi" What's that? "Totally with it, T.W.I." Ha ha, well, here I am, yep I'm the man Bartender put a Cosmo in that girl hand So, here we standin before I begin Homegirl made a knot out of the cherry stem Tongue skills, yeah I like that, now we on the right track Straight to my Phantom, call Africa Black {*brrrring*} Ever since then, she been yappin a track Told her friends, now they hollerin behind her back Sing! [Ludacris] Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo (that's right!) Hey girl, just come and hold my hand Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo (tell 'em, tell 'em) We sippin on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though I drop you off at, Peachtree and Myrtle (uh) Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off You seen me convince your homegirl though Now I was, so fresh and so fly in diamonds When I stepped up in the club even my arms was shinin Bling! A little cute thing said, "What's yo' name?" I put my necklace in her face and told her read the chain Oooh ooh, so stuck up, told me shut the fuck up BLAOW! Ludacris in the ho-oooh-ouse The needle hit the record, they was playin this song All the ladies hit the floor and it was EH EH ON Live forever like Fame, let the Leroys dance While I'm laid back chillin in my b-boy stance Could be a little pop lockin if your girl's top droppin But watch for cockblockin on my coochie stock options But later for the ASSDAQ, throw 'em on the fast track Make 'em swip swap Nasty N-A-S pass that honey in the black cause I'm feelin her curves He looked down at what I had and said WA WA WORD Why only serve one when we can serve up two Then at the bachelor's pad, doin what the Virgos do And these women so shy but get loud undercover So we can have sex but I CAN'T BE YOUR LOVERRRRRRRRRRR {*DEF breakdown*: buck buck buck buck buck buck) Ah, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha ah ah-ah SING! [Doug E. Fresh] Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo (c'mon) Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo (c'mon) Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo (c'mon) We sippin on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though (that's right) I drop you off at, Two-Fifth and Lex-o Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off Seen you convince your homegirl though They got my voice for the record and my voice for the beat Virgo proof baby run the streets So let's go (let's go) let's go (let's go) for the beat Let's go (let's go) it's the Virgo Let's go (Nasty Nas) let's go (Ludacris) And if you don't know, now you know - Doug E. Fresh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Remember the Times Typed by: ds1000@gmail.com [Nas] I think I can remember some... Brenda the back-bender used to have me in the twister Grabbed her up and left her at the Buena Vista Chelsea used to tell me choke her while I stroke her Stuck a Heineken bottle up in the ass, a real joker Used to run my bubble bath, tons of laughs, sexy chick Mad skills, she used to try to eat my excrement Used to play Atari 1200, baby-sitter made me kiss her Put hickeys on her stomach Toya was a tomboy 'til we played catch a screw Had her out past her curfew, Sheila had this perfume that drove a nigga wild, was a child then, Gertrude used to put my face in her crotch Spun my tongue around in a circle while she watched Eiserea knew I was a player, brought Fatima, loud screamer While I blew clouds of reefer, they sucked juice out my uretha While Marvin Gaye pumped from the speaker Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few Remember the times I hung with the dimes, and all the wild things I used to do Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few Remembering the times it was on my mind, but none of them could touch you [Nas] Was only scared of them STDs, syphilis, VD and herpes Daffy Duck-lookin' bitch burnt me, correction Urinary tract infection, what I got for no protection Was a horny dog, mornings waking up with a log Dick stuck to my draws, wet dreams in the mind Of a one-of-a-kind sex fiend, Justine was luscious wanna cuff us when fucked us Me and her best friend, this thick Texan named Tamika, English teacher Wedding ring on finger, bent her big ass over the fold-out sofa The weather was cold and Loretta would throw on nothing but a thong Under the coat and Put a show on just to show me she loved me She would undress and wait in zero below weather In slippers and a sun dress for me to arrive Kept a freak in the ride with her head in my lap, the steering wheel's high Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few Remember the times I hung with the dimes, and all the wild things I used to do Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few Remembering the times it was on my mind, but none of them could touch you [Nas] Thank God I got bank god, so fuck pimpin' Fuck broke condoms, pills and penicillin Abortion clinics, I was one of the best who did it Lesbian shit, wheelchair girls and midgets Twin sisters, cousins, mothers and daughters, some wasn't no quarters Long chin, some with funny odors Long blond weaves, overweight, cottage cheese Some I paid college fees, then they strip tease And it's sad I don't remember great times that made me drool And the sex gave me flashbacks when I was like eww Mature with it now dog, here's the side of Nas Principles are lined up, things prioritized Se mamma I left that alone, faded memories, the reason that I'm grown It'd be senseless for us to lie about our old experiences, no longer are we tempted Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few (now we could properly begin this) Remember the times I hung with the dimes, and all the wild things I used to do Remember the times I hung with the dimes, remember the times I fucked a few Remembering the times it was on my mind, but none of them could touch you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: The Makings of a Perfect Bitch Typed by: ds1000@gmail.com I know you think you got it together player, but fuck the bird you with And listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch Listen close to the makings of a perfect bitch There's always one thing wrong and you wish that you could switch Or fix, while you shapin' every curve and hips, you heard of this? The makings of a perfect bitch [Nas] A ghoul at night, I role like Jack the Ripper trying to choose my wife I need a ass of a stripper, fat lipper Mad niggaz in this one predicament You try to choose a loyal one and stick with it My stupid dick again searching for something to jump and then start humpin' Convincing me that the history of a woman is about leaving a nigga with nothing So my experiences taught me how to come up with a plan to make a right one for the man A toy for the boy, the one that righteously will understand And since I can't find her I guess I gotta make her I creep in the night like a kinky undertaker I think I'm on a caper to abduct a nerd from the Ivy League Next stop at the strip club snatch a bad one and flee What's next, I'm stakin' out a five star restaurant to kidnap the chef Say goodbye to the stress [Nas] I stitch 'em together then I kiss 'em forever These surgical gloves are made of love, couldn't be better Four cycles of blood, child birth first Men-e-stral cycle, last men-e-stral cycle then death That's four, so I guess rebirth is the fifth Put 'em together, that's a genius, a slut and a chef Holdin' the scalpel while cutting the flesh Heavy bleeding, so I need suction, it's such a mess If she survives she'll be sucking me next Dark nipples on her D-cup breasts so I could titty fuck while she do my taxes for the IRS So I could just relax, shit, by now I'm blessed I'm her daddy, I'm her messiah, I'm god Cause I injected obedience and loyalty in her heart Know you mad cause you with a bitch that nag you to death I smack mine on the ass and she breathe her first breath [Nas] Gimme Sade's mystique, she gotta know her way in the streets Like Billie Holiday in Harlem Body from Ketoi Johnson and Kenya Moore and Apple Bottoms Maya Angelou's brain and some groove from Terry McMillan Them Angelina Jolie lips, Angela Davis, Sista Souljah's wit Helping me load clips Some words form a pimp was, "Nas, it just don't exist" But homes is twisted, a home ain't a home without without the misses All the girls that I named are queens, no disrespect But I need me someone to disappear, reappear like I dream of Jeannie Whenever I want, I think I met her, it's on, forever I'll flaunt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Getting Married Typed by: kevgotmadgame@aol.com [Nas Yelling] Picture us married, you and me what? (Crowd) K-I-S-S-I-N-G I remember the first time, girl you and me (you and me repeat) [Verse 1: Nas] This ain't no sucka for love shit This ain't no Huxtable kisses and hug shit First night we fuck shit and don't call the next day This a thug's wedding day, in love Will we make it? Let us pray In the limo my niggaz, my father, my brothers Everybody in tuxes gettin' blunted Hard bottles, mob costumes this ain't no act though Factual, the pimp shall scoop no more Yes I'm absolutely sure I know that she love me, I know that she faithful We spoke on a prenumptial agreement Cuz Will and Jada ain't need it Spoke on eloping, but then I deaded the thought Cuz she deserves cinderella's ball and the whole shit But know this You fuckin' wit' a slit your throat quick Vehicular explosion, cigar smokin', dark minded, chart climbin Well spokin say farewell to broke men or rich ones Throw them phone numbers away cuz this is it hun Headed to the chapel, my niggaz laughin, and its baffling Cuz just a year ago, it's weird though, I knew I'd get married To who I knew not Thought of snatchin Halle up from the dredlock Pumpin Sade, my head nod Finally I met the perfect bitch, pardon my French Rephrase that, someone who make my heart stop Couldn't wait to blaze that Tired of hoppin' from honey to honey, HIV spreadin' Everybody bump the same bunnies The game, will put niggaz in they grave Right before they part ways, with the street I want a son to greet, every mornin' Daughters and more sons tickle my feet Wife smilin, tellin me it's time to eat I'm getting married [Chorus: Nas] (3X) Say hello to the man, goodbye to the gigalo It was difficult for me to find the chick I want [Verse 2: Nas] It was my dream for my queen to put the ring on and ride Even Martin Luther King had a fling on the side That's what the negative one's say Knew my wedding would be one day, but quickly its this day I know the hoes gonna miss me lookin' at ol' photos, sayin' damn he used to twist me Start chokin' up since I woke up Bachelor party was crazy, tryin' hard just to sober up Father saw me in a daze, nudged me wit' his left arm Told me how him and moms went to city hall, dressed norm Said she would love me in my Ozwald Boateng Customized in London by guys who suitup kings Girl, you get the rings young, you behave Maxwell he gon' sing, invited Lauryn Hill and the gang Baltimore, North Cacky, Mississippi Family packed in, My nigga L is crazy tipsy Spilled Pepsi on the cuflings, ginger ale got it out Walked in the church, chest all big to thug it out My girl walked in, glistenin', different stones 'Bout to go from my fiance' to Mrs. Jones That's a union that nobody could touch I gotta be cool, wit ur crazy aunts and uncles Cuz I love you much, cuz you put up wit' my shit Court cases, baby mamas I make a honest woman outta you yet Everybody starin' at you, I'm at the alter standin Heart poundin out my chest like a canon I'm happy, One of my groomsmen, under the music, says don't do it But they just jokes, some crew shit, they playin', I'm gleeful I'm stayin I'm sayin vowels all true Will you take music as your wedded wife? I DO Sike, this ain't about music, y'all know who I'm talkin to I'm getting married I'm getting married The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Maxwell Album: Street's Disciple (Disc Two) Song: No One Else in the Room Typed by: stillmakic357@hotmail.com [Maxwell] Oooooooooooh! [Nas] Maxwell go and sing [Maxwell] Ooohh, this for the ladies [Nas] M-A-X [Maxwell] Doin' it [Nas] N-A-S [Maxwell] I'm back again (who's back) Again, again, I'm back again (who's back) Ooh, tell me (who's back) I'm back again (who's back) Again, again, I'm back again [Nas] Uh, yeah the booty is the bass The highs, the beauty in ya eyes First glance I became alive She went through a lot of dangerous guys, surprise Now she would decide on Nas Cause I ain't choose her, she chose me In the party, it was a early day a March When I first had ya legs arched In the park, wasn't even dark We was in the zone, we ain't care who watch Baby was the wine though the trees was sparked She said till you get enough, please don't stop So I played wit it, got the moist spot hot If I ain't hittin' the bottom, I'm getting some top My hair cut look air brushed Whatever I wear is straight plush from the ears to chucks As we sashayed across the dance floor Just, me and you no one else but us two [Maxwell] No other girl in the room No other girl in the room but you (There's no other girl lookin' as good as you) There's nobody but you (They can try, they can try) No other girl in the room (But you know, you know, you know) No other girl in the room (Oh, oh, ooo ooo) No other girl in the room but you (There's no other girl, no) There's nobody but you (They try) No other girl in the room (There's nobody to,) [Nas] In the early eighties, shorty had me off the wall A super freak as my thoughts revolved It's like a menage Winona Gaye and Leila Hathaway Both they fathers a tell me to play, sip Jose On our honeymoon everyday We dance to the same tune everyday Beauty and the goon they would say You promise, savage beast You a sexy freak Your moist lips negates the ecstacy Number one in my book, no discrepancy When you walk on the earth, you be reppin' me I'm obsessed with thee, cherish every breath you breathe No matter what's going on around us All I could hear was the sound of (her) Twirlin' her around just (her) See nobody in the crowd just (her) [Maxwell] (No other) No other girl in the room (No one) No other girl in the room but you (There's no other girl) There's nobody but you (Thinkin' about you baby, baby) No other girl in the room (Never ever, ever, ever, see you) No other girl in the room (Oh) No other girl in the room but you (No other girl has, they're not you) There's nobody but you (Oooh baby yeah) No other girl in the room [Nas] Uh, horns! Clap Everybody clap C'mon, clap Max mellow 'em out [Maxwell] Oh it's just my, it's just my, it's just my girl Oh, it's just, just my, just my baby, you Just you, just me, no one else but you No one, no one, just me and you, oh babe [Nas] Clap! Break it down [Olu Dara] You know it all comes from Africa But my version is the blues The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Olu Dara Album: Street's Disciple Song: Bridging the Gap Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com *Nas talking* "The light is there." [Intro: Olu Dara singing] See I come from Mississippi I was young and runnin' wild Ended up in New York City, where I had my first child I named the boy Nasir, all the boys call him Nas I told him as a youngster, he'll be the greatest man alive [Verse 1: Nas] Let's go!... Hey-Hey-Hey-Hey --  Tribrary of these rap skits, styles I mastered Many brothers snatched it up and tried to match it But I'm still number one, everyday real Speak what I want, I don't care what y'all feel 'Cause I'm my own master, my Pop told me be your own boss Keep integrity at every cost, and his home was Natchez Mississippi Did it like Miles and Dizzy, now we gettin' busy Bridging The Gap from the blues, to jazz, to rap The history of music on this track Born in the game, discovered my father's music  Like Prince searchin' through boxes of Purple Rain But my Minneapolis was The Bridge, home of the Superkids Some are well-known, some doin' bids I mighta ended up on the wrong side of the tracks If Pops wouldn't've pulled me back an said yo [Olu Dara singing] Greatest man alive (Nas: Yeah, turn it up!) Gre-Gre-Gre-Gre-Greatest man alive! [Verse 2: Nas] The blues came from gospel, gospel from blues Slaves are harmonizin' them ah's and ooh's Old school, new school, know school rules All these years I been voicin' my blues I'm a artist from the start, Hip-Hop guided my heart Graffiti on the wall, coulda ended in Spoffard, juvenile delinquent But Pops gave me the right type'a tools to think with Books to read, like X and stuff 'Cause the schools said the kids had dyslexia In art class I was a compulsive sketcher of Teachers in my homeroom, I drew pix to mess them up 'Cause none'a them would like my style Read more books than the curriculum profile Said, "Mr. Jones please come get your child 'Cause he's writin' mad poems and his verses are wild" [Olu Dara singing] Greatest man  The great-greatest man alive [Verse 3: Nas] Hey-Hey-Hey -- My Poppa was not a Rollin' Stone He been around the world blowin' his horn, still he came home Then he got grown, changed his name to Olu Come on, tell 'em 'bout the places you gone to [Olu Dara singing] I been to Saudi Arabia, Mozambique Madagascar, Paris, Greece The Middle Africa is where we lived Better known as Queenbridge [Nas] Nas, Nas you don't stop Olu Dara in the house, you don't stop Muddy Waters' Howling Wolf you don't stop From the Blues to Street Hop you don't stop Tell 'em Pop  [Outro: Olu Dara singing / Nas adlibbing] See I come from Mississippi (Let 'em know) I was young and runnin' wild (Runnin' wild) Ended up in New York City (Yeah!) Where I had my first child (That's me) I named the boy Nasir (Yeah, Daddy!) All the boys call him Nas (Luh ya, boy) I told him as a youngster He'll be the greatest man alive (You the greatest, Pop) Greatest man alive (You the greatest, Pop)Gre-Gre-Gre-Gre-Greatest man alive! Rest In Peace Ray Charles The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: War Typed by: ds1000@gmail.com [Chorus - singing] There's a war in the streets tonight And nobody's really feelin' alright I got a blunt for a chronic, a juice for my tonic I know now that I'm feelin' right if it goes down 'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown And I know it's not my time to go now 'Cause God's got my back in this showdown So I know we'll be alright [Nas] Yeah, Brooks Brothers overcoat, know the ropes, smooth is holdin' those Briefcases, silk ties, slick as them older folks Silver fo'-fo', got no, My chauffer driver just left some of my colleagues smokin' that Cali Caught a glimpse of myself in the Barney's shop window Kinda' see my father's features creepin' in a little Got an office on Broadway, business in Jamaica Tell my daughter try the hardest so the best schools'll take her And I'm late to a dite with my wife, I realize I stopped to shop, had to get her some type surprise And I'm walkin' through it, chaos is all around me But God got me, no fear, through the fire pride stop  [Chorus - singing] There's a war in the streets tonight And all this drama's got me feelin' uptight I don't know what I'll do if I don't see my boo 'Cause she's standin' on the corner of Linden Boulevard Holding our baby in her baby in her arms So hold on, your daddy's in sight [Nas] Yeah, Nine-four, Destiny opens her eyes For the first time, praise God, baby mom's cryin' Planned to be a strong black family But we both were too young, too strung, too much flashin' New come, I caught verbal assassin runnin' with Nothin' but the worst type, worst fight But we brought my baby home the first night Cursed like sailors, burst out the crib Ragin' in my new car bought from entertainment Champaign and gainin' clout fast, whiplash Did this bitch just pass in the club pugged up, stupid ass Grabbed her by the pony tail, "never disrespect me" I'm a street vet, regret the sex, but not Desi Moved back to your grandma, I'm single, the land's mine She keeps the Benz, I'm all in the streets again Squeezin' the pen, released again, chart toppers, Hard-bottoms blessed the feet, now less baby mom's problems New woman, she's great, this a different world, Checkin' out my wife's chemistry with my little girl It's so amazin' playin', life is so crazy I've grown up the thankful for lessons God gave me [Chorus - singing] There's a war in the streets tonight And nobody's really feelin' alright I got a blunt for a chronic, a juice for my tonic I know now that I'm feelin' right if it goes down 'Cause my third eye sees the lowdown And I know it's not my time to go now 'Cause God's got my back in this showdown So I know we'll be alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Me & You (Dedicated to Destiny) Typed by: headwinfilipe@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] I'd like to dedicate this one here, to my star Someone I cherish, she loves me unconditionally No matter what, our love will always be here for you baby Yeah So from God, he gave me this gift, you (ha ha) And I give you this, the world (If I had it all) (If I had it all) (If I had it all) Yeah, just me and my little one (if I had it all) Just me and my little one (if I had it all) [Verse 1] Even though we don't live in the same home And I mightta miss your graduation And no matter how many miles I'm away from you You know that I love you Hear daddy on every station Thinking, I'm loving my occupation I know I got you home waitin', to see I do it all for you (if I had it all) (If I had it all) daddy's little girl I would give you the world Little girl I'd give you the world (If I had it all) Yeah, just me and my little one Just me and my little one (If I had it all) I'd give you the world [Verse 2] Even though you'll be grown soon You gotta stand on your two Please listen what daddy told you I know you think that I'm old school You'll see that I was right soon One day, you will meet the right groom And then, you will see your life bloom And then you'll know what's right for you (If I had it all) (If I had it all) daddy's little girl Daddy's little girl I would give you the world (If I had it all) Yeah, just me and my little one, {whattup} (If I had it all) Just me and my little one (If I had it all) [Verse 3] Respect your mom, no one will replace her She's the one who went through the labour (If I had it all) But you don't owe her no favours But her respect is due See, daddy just wanna show you (If I had it all) All the heartache I go through (If I had it all) It's for you [Outro] If this world were mine, I'd give it all to you (If I had it all) Yeah, (If I had it all) It's your world baby girl Yeah! Yeah, just me and my little one (If I had it all) Just me and my little one (If I had it all) (If I had it all) (If I had it all) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street's Disciple Song: Thief's Theme Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro] One, two Check, one, two One, two, who got more style, the son do {*rewind*} One, two Check, one, two One, two, who got more style, the son do Check, one, two [Verse 1] Yo I'm hot like 95 Fahrenheit On a summer night, tight spot where bodies rot Rats drink from water drops, in the streets niggaz Little kids scared cops, wit red dots Philosophical gangsta, wit violent priors Goin back like black and white TV's wit pliers Leanin on broke down cars, wit flat tires Flash iron, anybody tryin on, the blocks I'm supplyin on Madicon, my peeps, tie ballons up And swallow 'em and the P now got goons, lots of 'em Cops see them and run, don't want no drama Certain parts of the streets, the beast don't want a part of Martyr, hood haunted like the Dakota Where John Lennon was shot up, but he sang for peace He begged for freedom, hanged wit wild Jamicians From Kingston, who drink Irish Malts Listenin to Peter Winston, Machintosh Lightning hits the top of the church steeple When I'm writin, semi-automatic no hyphen It's frightening.... {*scratches*} The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit [Verse 2] I take summers off, cause I love winter beef Started '87, wit the shotty in the sheep Three-quarter length beige, dressed to kill Bust a shell at the ground, pellets hit the crowd Nobody like a snitch, everybody shut they mouth Woolrich, Carhart, gun powder stains Smellin like trees, sensimille on the brain Skeemin on ya girls, bambooze or ya chain Got ill up on the train, twistin off a cap Of a English in my vain, might of pushed you on the tracks Deaf crack fiends, who can't speak, scream noises Cause she bought a jum of soap, from one of my boys, it's .... Just another day in the hood And I'm, wit some wild brothers, up to no good We saw the movies, like Tony Montana, and 'em But our style was let them pile then, we robbin 'em Money dudes, make 'em come up out they shoes Run they jewels, word is bond, where my man Nino goin And I had to make a song, speakin on my old life For the thief's who come out at night [Outro] One, two Check, one, two {*echoes*} One, two Check, one, two One, two, who got more style, the son do {*echoes*} {*explosion*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Rising Son Album: Street's Disciple (UK Release) Song: Thief's Theme Remix Typed by: mcepitome@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro  Rising Son] Yo Ha, Ha, Ha DPP Check, one two, one two Who got more style than Son do? None do (that's official) Yeah, this is history right here (history) Yo, Nas, Rising Son Queensbridge to London Let's go.. [Verse One  Rising Son] Yo, Yo This is the Thief's Theme For the underground criminal street teams Street dream chasing young hungry thugs that seek cream Crack fiends and hatch schemes, knife-point robbery Broad day blindeys, night-time thuggery Sun down shinanigins, move without shadow... ...like ninjas, cat burglars, no fiasco No commotion, make moves like locomotion Crack-sport ambush, get the man bringing the coke in Warehouse crime rate, mans throw they vans up Bang job, "Freeze, everybody put your hands up" Cash is nightmare, gun in ya faceplate "It's not even ya money, don't make me put one in ya face, mate" Thieves running this place, world trade, eight fare Slave rift flashbacks; Bush killer, hate Blair! Wish Mars was a mile away, cos I would escape there On a Skyway railroad, to stick you from my tray fair, bitch... Yeah, you know like when you kill somebody in Street Fighter Uah, uah, uah, uah (fades) [Re-Intro, Nas] One, two Check, one, two One, two, who got more style, the son do {*rewind*} One, two Check, one, two One, two, who got more style, the son do Check, one, two [Verse 2 - Nas] Yo I'm hot like 95 Fahrenheit On a summer night, tight spot where bodies rot Rats drink from water drops, in the streets niggaz Little kids scared cops, wit red dots Philosophical gangsta, wit violent priors Goin back like black and white TV's wit pliers Leanin on broke down cars, wit flat tires Flash iron, anybody tryin on, the blocks I'm supplyin on Madicon, my peeps, tie ballons up And swallow 'em and the P now got goons, lots of 'em Cops see them and run, don't want no drama Certain parts of the streets, the beast don't want a part of Martyr, hood haunted like the Dakota Where John Lennon was shot up, but he sang for peace He begged for freedom, hanged wit wild Jamicians From Kingston, who drink Irish Malts Listenin to Peter Winston, Machintosh Lightning hits the top of the church steeple When I'm writin, semi-automatic no hyphen It's frightening.... {*scratches*} The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right Understandable smooth shit, that murderers move wit [Verse 3 - Nas] I take summers off, cause I love winter beef Started '87, wit the shotty in the sheep Three-quarter length beige, dressed to kill Bust a shell at the ground, pellets hit the crowd Nobody like a snitch, everybody shut they mouth Woolrich, Carhart, gun powder stains Smellin like trees, sensimille on the brain Skeemin on ya girls, bambooze or ya chain Got ill up on the train, twistin off a cap Of a English in my vain, might of pushed you on the tracks Deaf crack fiends, who can't speak, scream noises Cause she bought a jum of soap, from one of my boys, it's .... Just another day in the hood And I'm, wit some wild brothers, up to no good We saw the movies, like Tony Montana, and 'em But our style was let them pile then, we robbin 'em Money dudes, make 'em come up out they shoes Run they jewels, word is bond, where my man Nino goin And I had to make a song, speakin on my old life For the thief's who come out at night [Outro] One, two Check, one, two {*echoes*} One, two Check, one, two One, two, who got more style, the son do {*echoes*} {*explosion*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Money Over Bullshit Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Verse 1: Nas] My niggaz got scarred grills Skully hats and gats be fullys Brrrat, cars peel, the East Coast cartel Rats get their tails snapped and trapped The snitches in the streets and the snitches who rap Pure euphoria, a dose of death to all of ya Coroner choruses sung from The Bridge to Astoria Dreams of fallin' in the elevator, passin' floors Suddenly stop, the doors open up to a brick wall I can smell the haters, wishful thinkers, bad luck prayers Picture your tarot cards and bodyguards gettin' sprayed up Sabotagin' my makeup, my watches get laced up Even if they indicted Jacob Forensics, Paramedics carry cowards off Defibrillators shock to your chest, try to cough They die and hit Hell from an iron I'm flyin', wire or cell, I'm paid from this shit Got bitches high as hell, and they fuckin' like AIDS don't exist They get sent to your hotel, a maid and shit Put a barrel in a capo mouth, 'til his scalp come out You a kid, you don't live what you rap about King poetic, too many haters to count Too much paper to count, QB BITCH! [Hook: Nas] Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn +Money Over Bullshit+, pistols over brawn Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength (My own strength nigga, that's what I'm scared of, ha-ha) Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn +Money Over Bullshit+, pistols over brawn Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength [Verse 2: Nas] Got seven candles lit, black wallpaper, black carpet Thinkin' about which nigga to target You kill a nigga today, he lives forever So I plotted out smarter, there'll be no Martyrs Black Tec on the table, Mag .44 Black negligee on my bitch, she's at the door Black fish eggs, nigga, that's the caviar You niggaz fish-made, y'all niggaz is fifth grade Niggaz, it's fifty ways to disect the General If I give ya the top five, you will not survive Rule 1: cocksucker, keep my name from your tongue Rule 2: thought ya knew don't fuck with God's Son Rule 3: see, matter fact, I just wait If y'all reach top five, then I'ma eat y'all alive Each one of you guys that claim Hip-Hop is still alive Like y'all ain't in agreement wit Nas That shit is dead motha'fucka, it's dead bitch [Hook: Nas] Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn +Money Over Bullshit+, pistols over brawn Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength (My own strength nigga, that's what I'm scared of, ha-ha) Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn +Money Over Bullshit+, pistols over brawn Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength [Verse 3: Nas] From crack pushers to Lac' pushers and ambushers And morticians to fortresses, case-dismisses Laced in riches, cake ridiculous From nickel and dimin; to trickin; them diamonds Vegas, places in Switzerland From non-blastin; to auto, I don't have to blast mine They blast mine, black nine, you flatline My cash climb, buy rare art Antique pieces, Mona Lisa's, own no leases Five-star restaurant eaters; don't forget who your peeps is 'Sposed to dine with you, sip that good wine with you Only if they grind with you - or slang for ya Seen niggaz live, laugh, party, and die in that very same corner Pretty girls glance at us, status unconceivable Private planes landed out in Teterboro, weed I twirl Once even gave me a phobia That I be in a spot trapped like Madame Zenobia's With this kid eyein' my Rolly, y'all [Hook: Nas] Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn +Money Over Bullshit+, pistols over brawn Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength (My own strength nigga, that's what I'm scared of, ha-ha) Join me in war, many will live, many will mourn +Money Over Bullshit+, pistols over brawn Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength Afraid not of none of you cowards but of my own strength [Outro: Nas] There it is, QB bitch, yea, QB bitch, yea, yea, QB bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip-Hop is Dead Song: You Can't Kill Me Typed by: rioizumi@gmail.com [Intro] Yeah yeah yeah yeah y'all... New York City... Tryna to see where I'ma go tonight... The most famous town in the whole fuckin' world... The other night, nigga was at Lotus... I hit P and them I was Dom P'ed up in there, you know... But I found this new spot we went to the other night, yo Check it out check it out how it went [Verse 1] It was just cool like, smooth night wit' my jewels bright Goons left goons right, coupe wit' blue lights Bad girls in black pearls, gave us cat calls Took 'em back to the crib to break they ass off In the loft mixin' hash and 'dro Honey spreaded that asshole like a wide mouth bass Sippin' wine out the glass, Teddy Pendergrass blast When the phone ring, the house lights flash Turned down the sound, let's get down to bidness Shit about to go down wit' some foul niggaz What the voice said, "what up pop? Who want it?" I put the guap up, get the boy popped He say "son stop, it's dudes you feedin' Who feedin' other dudes, but they really not eatin'" Dog, why you callin' me? This our food You, handle the mouths that it trickles down to Niggaz want beef, I want some of that cow too But I'm in my princely robe, simply rich Don't bother me wit' silly shit, call Rico He said "it IS Rico, of all people Gave his moms furs, called up the mayor To get his crime pardoned, his son's godfather" Said the nigga shot up my cars Last night he laid for me to come out my doors? Niggaz always on that bullshit To make a nigga wanna open up a full clip Niggaz always on that bullshit Now ya funeral, the preacher's at the pulpit Niggaz always on that bullshit To make a nigga wanna open up a full clip Niggaz always on that bullshit Now ya funeral, the preacher's at the pulpit You can't kill me [Verse 2] High, fly, send a fella loaf or glass? Fold up cash, you ain't heard the soldier's half You speakin' hogwash, silly shit, Balderdash I got the live sparked, Phillies lit, smoker's jacket on The son of a Cap-ricorn, my dad's a don What you think that he spawned? A slacker? Nah Packed the nines, yo this nigga's asinine Smack ya mom, relaxed and calm, then mack ya mom In a casket, you'll get ya fashion on You'll be in a suit and tie, you'll die You'll make maggots turn to flies, fuckin' wit' Nas Remember anyone can get it at anytime Lames'll swear by ya name, when they lie Get hit wit' the lone star, ripped where ya bones are So tell me how yo' ass gon' run, from a C-Z-P-O-1? In the midst of real steel movers, you a loser Merk you wit'cha own shooters All you want is a name, pissed and insane My security system, my playspot a fireplace, listen Then it goin' off, start spittin' Niggaz try to bring it where I live in Trustin' you, knew where all of the cribs at So we waited wit' the cigs blat, blat, blat! {*"You can't kill me" to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Carry On Tradition Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Nas] Yea, niggaz want to talk about this rap shit Niggaz want to talk about this money About these cars, these homes, these labels Clothes, sneakers, big money shit Now everybody tryin' to get rich Now get rich niggaz, fuck it [Verse 1: Nas] Some rap pioneers, be them crackheads When they speak, you see missin' teeth Silver chain with a silver piece Niggaz your grandfather's age They pants still hangin' down they legs talkin' about they ain't paid And they hate you, 'cause they say, you ain't pay dues And *edited* *edited* was stealin' and robbin' them I feel it's a problem we gotta resolve Hip-Hop been dead, we the reason it died Wasn't Sylvia's fault or because MC's skills are lost It's because we can't see ourselves as the boss Deep-rooted through slavery, self-hatred The Jewish stick together, friends in high places We on some low level shit We don't want niggaz to ever win See, everybody got a label Everybody's a rapper but few flow fatal It's fucked up, it all started from two turntables [Hook: Nas] When they crown you - and you rise up to your position +Carry On Tradition+ When they knight you - then you go to fight, go to war, don't petition +Carry On Tradition+ - +Carry On Tradition+ Carry on, ca-carry on, +Carry On tradition+ +Carry On Tradition+, when you rep what we rep Then +Carry On Tradition+ [Verse 2: Nas] Now some of these new rappers got their caps flipped backwards Wit their fingers intertwined in some gang-sign madness I got an exam, let's see if y'all pass it Let's see who can quote a Daddy Kane line the fastest Some of you new rappers, I don't understand your code You have your man shoot you, like in that Sopranos episode Do anythin' to get in the game, mixtapes, you spit hate Against bosses; hungry fucks are moraless You should be tossed in a pit full of unfortunate vocalists Niggaz, I coulda wrote your shit; I had off-time, was bored wit this I coulda made my double-LP, just by samplin' different parts of Nautilus Still came five on the charts with zero audience The lane was open and y'all was droppin' that garbage shit Y'all got awards for your bricks - it got good to ya You started tellin' them bigger dogs to call it quits?! WHAT? [Hook: Nas] When they crown you - and you rise up to your position +Carry On Tradition+ When they knight you - then you go to fight, go to war, don't petition +Carry On Tradition+ - +Carry On Tradition+ Carry on, ca-carry on, +Carry On tradition+ +Carry On Tradition+, when you rep what we rep Then +Carry On Tradition+ [Verse 3: Nas] Now niggaz got the studio poppin', it's mad clearer Engineers got his earplugs and still hear us The live-in-the-park sound, versus the studio state of art sound We on the charts now; from British Walkers and Argyles Look at us rap stars now, wit our black cars now Fortune 500 listed, brunches, sip Cipriani's Sippin', blunted, with rich white guys around me Thick white girls around me, Chinese lined up Because I'm what?, every dime lust We used to be a ghetto secret; can't make my mind up If I want that or the whole world to peep it Now +Carry On tradition+ Fuck a bum wack rapper makin' his career out of dissin' Peace to the strugglin' artists and dead one's gone, we miss 'em I promise I +Carry On tradition+ [Hook: Nas] When they crown you - and you rise up to your position +Carry On Tradition+ When they knight you - then you go to fight, go to war, don't petition +Carry On Tradition+ - +Carry On Tradition+ Carry on, ca-carry on, +Carry On tradition+ +Carry On Tradition+, when you rep what we rep Then +Carry On Tradition+ The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop Is Dead Song: Where Are They Now Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com ("HIT MEH!!") [Sample of the late James Brown's "Get Up, Get Into It, Get Involved" plays] [Nas] Redhead Kingpin, Tim Dog, have you seen 'em? Kwame, King Tee or King Sun Super Lover Cee, Casanova Rud Antoinette, Rob Base never showin up You see Black Sheep, Group Home, Busy Bee? Ask Ill and Al Skratch, +Where My Homiiies?+ Leave it to y'all, these niggaz left for dead Last week my man swore he saw Special Ed Rap is like a ghost town, real mystic Like these folks never existed They the reason that rap became addictive Play they CD or wax and get lifted I recommend when your kid turn ten Let him hear Spice 1, made plenty noise Positive K, Father MC, the Skinny Boys Where are they now? (HEY!! Where are, where are they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhhh HEY!) Where are they now? (HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?) ("HIT MEH!!") [Nas] See I remember them forever The original Spinderella Lakim Shabazz, 9 MM Fu-Schnickens, Buckshot, Finesse & Synquis .Who was a +Rappin' Duke?+ Da-ha! Silk Tymes Leather was cute Body & Soul was Dee from Pump It Up's group Oaktown 357, J.J. Fad too had pop hits and gold ropes Where my man Young MC and Tone Loc? Kris Kross, the BO$$, Divine Styler Def Jef of course let's break it down ta Mic Geronimo, Pharcyde and Coolio I heard Craig Mack back in the studio Have you seen these lost MC's? Funky Four Plus One, Force M.D.'s Miss Melody, I hope she packin' a bankroll As well as Educated Rapper, Ice and Kangol Shante, she from around my way yo EPMD, K-Solo, where are they now? (HEY!! Where are, where are they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhhh HEY!) Where are they now? (HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?) ("HIT MEH!!") [Nas - Outro] QB... First off this ain't no diss record This for some of my homies that were misrepresented... Legends of the game, y'know? What up to Moe Dee the legend? Rest in peace Cowboy! Yeah, all the rappers...male, female, DJ's, e'rybody! Rest in peace Jam-Master Jay, the whole crew, word up... Juice Crew All-Stars, MC Shan, Tragedy, Craig G... Yeah nigga, yeah nigga... Shan whaddup baby? Where are they now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Will.I.Am Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Hip Hop is Dead (Album Version) Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com, dcs10251980@yahoo.com [Intro - Will.I.Am] + (Nas) Hip hop Hip hop (Ugh!) Is dead (Had to flip this track again, y'all!) Hip-hip hop Hip hop (Ugh!) Is dead Hip-hip hop (Ugh!) Hip-hip hop...is dead (NYC! Dirty South!) Hip-hip hop (West Coast!) Hip hop (Midwest!) Hip hop (Let's go!) [Chorus - Nas] If hip hop should die before I wake I'll put an extended clip and body 'em all day! Roll to every station, wreck the DJ! Roll to every station, wreck the DJ! If hip hop should die before I wake I'll load an extended clip and body 'em all day! Roll to every station, wreck the DJ! Roll to every station, wreck the DJ! [Will.I.Am] Hip hop just died this mornin' And she's dead, she's dead [Verse 1  Nas] Yeah, people smoke, chill, party, and die in the same corner Get cash, live fast, body their man's mama Quick fast, trigger fingers, on the llama Revenge in their eyes, Hennessy and the ganja Word to the wise with villain state of minds Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind (Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind) Whenever, if ever, I roll up, it's sown up Any ghetto will tell ya', Nas helped grow us up My face once graced promotional Sony trucks Hundred million and billin', I helped blow 'em up Gave my man my right, I could have went left So like my girl Foxy, the kid went Def/deaf So people, who's your top ten? Is it MC Shan? Is it MC Ren? (Chorus) [Bridge - Will.I.Am] Hip hop just died this mornin' And she's dead, she's dead [Verse 2 - Nas] The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin' Come through, something ill, missin' the ceilin' What influenced my raps? Stick-ups and killings Kidnappings, project buildings, drug dealings Criticize that, why is that? 'Cuz Nas rap is compared to legitimized crap 'Cuz we love to talk on nasty chickens Most intellectuals will only half listen So you can't blame jazz musicians Or David Stern with his NBA fashion issues Oh, I they like me, in my white tee You can't ice me  we here for life, B! On my second marriage, hip hop's my first wifey And for that, we not takin' it lightly If hip hop should die, we die together Bodies in the morgue lie together All together now! (Chorus) [Bridge - Will.I.Am] Hip hop just died this mornin' Hip hop just died this mornin' Hip hop just died this mornin' And she's dead, she's dead {*Beats stops*) (*Crowd chants "Hip hop!" before and during all of Verse 3*) [Verse 3  Nas] Everybody sound the same, commercialize the game Reminiscin' when it wasn't all business It forgot where it started So we all gather here for the dearly departed Hip-hopper since a toddler One homeboy became a man, then a mobster If it dies, let me get my last swig of Vodka R.I.P., we'll donate your lungs to a rasta! (*Beats starts up again*) Went from turntables to MP3's From "Beat Street" to commercials on Mickey D's From gold cables to Jacobs From plain facials to Botox and face lifts I'm lookin' over my shoulder It's about eighty people from my hood that showed up And they came to show love Sold out concert and the doors are closed shut The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Who Killed It? Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] Look here see Pretty Mike shanked Two-Face Al over some gal Found the body dead in the isles Death by strangulation Microphone cord, a dirty broad Guess they'll never play it again Sam Damn that was my jam Now she's on the lamb She made it out with 200 grand What a scam While these two compete on who's the star of the show Golden legs there makes off with the dough I read the paper there with Joe the Butcher He said one glance is all it took ya She's a real looker They say her old mans a bootlegger Transporting in any weather And at this rate we'll never get her Fellas, think it's time to call it a night All this talk of this mystery dame's gettin' me tight Thought I saw her in my eyesight, right Hate to spoil the party What are you guys havin', the same? Waiter another round for the gang It's strange how I always felt outta place Joe The Butcher's my ace, but in comes Freckle Face So I said see you later 'Fore I hurt him and his two ugly thumb breakers He met them in Louisiana wrestling gators An idiot can tell they're involved with the caper So I pulled the revolver on my waist up Between the patrol car and the gray truck Behind the street lamp was a silouhette White gloves and a real long cigarette What do ya know all this time she's got me in her scope She spoke says the devil got you guys by the throat Your conspiracy theories won't work without evidence That's the reason why Eric B is not president Well what do ya say Ya see? (3x) Look here see I know you got soul your trying to hide it How did you kill a man out in cypress One Eyed Charlie He only hangs with the criminal minded Says you guys did it doggy style is he lyin' She says, +Walk This Way+ I'll tell you a +Children's Story+ We hit the bodega got her a few 40's We jumped in my ride we drove and she cried Twisted off the cap there and opened her mouth wide Swallowed it, whole bottle's half empty Drinks like a fish now she's past tipsy The truth came out as we got to her suave house +Chopped and screwed+ her mouth and sat me on the couch I said it's gettin late c'mon give it to me straight Who's ya sponsor lady? She says Bill Gates What are ya born 77 or 78? She says, Nah it goes way to an earlier date Slave times, claims the slaves said rhymes But she fell in love with some fella named Clive Who? Clive Campbell from Sedgwick Ave, the Bronx Now she shows me the cash I said who's Clive, don't play with me skirt She said Clive Campbell He's Kool Herc Ah ha! Ah ha! Listen up sweetheart Now we gettin somewhere As she's talkin, she starts vanishing in thin air But before she drops the money bag on the floor and died She said if you really love me I'll come back alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Jay-Z Album: Hip-Hop is Dead Song: Black Republican Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Jay-Z] & (Nas) I know you can feel the magic baby Turn the motherfuckin lights down Esco whuttup? (Whuttup homey) I mean.. it's what you expected ain't it? Let's go... uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Turn the music up and the headphones uh, Yea, that's perfect (Yea, right) Uh, we gots to take and make a nigga wait on this motherfucker (hahaha!) Make niggaz mad and shit like.. Niggaz usually just start rappin' after 4-bars, nigga go in Start dancin' in this motherfucker Yea, (Yea) niggaz come outta nowhere [Hook: Jay-Z] I feel like a Black Republican, money I got comin' in Can't turn my back on the hood, I got love for them Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in 'em Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like "Fuck it then" [Verse 1: Jay-Z] Huddlin' over the oven, we was like brothers then (What?) Though you was nothin' other than a son of my mother's friend We had governin', who would of thought the love would end Like ice cold album, all good things Neva thought we sing the same song that all hood sang Thought it was all wood-grain, all good brain You wouldn't bicker like the other fools talk good game Neva imagine all the disasters that one good reign Could bring!, should blame, the game, and I could It's kill or be killed, how could I refrain? And foreva be in debt, that's neva a good thing To the pressure for success can put a good strain On a friend you call best, and yes it could bring Out the worst in every person, even the good and sane Though we rehearsed, it's just ain't the same When you put in the game at age sixteen Then you mix things: like cars, jewelry, and miss things Jealousy, ego, and pride, and this brings It all to a head like coin, cha-ching The root of evil strikes again, this could sting Now the team got beef between the Post and the Point This puts the ring in jeopardy - indefinitely [Hook: Jay-Z] [Hook: Nas] I feel like a black militant takin' over the government Can't turn my back on the hood, too much love for them Can't clean my act up for good, too much thug in 'em Probably end up back in the hood, I'm like, "fuck it then" [Verse 2: Nas] I'm back in the hood, they like, "Hey Nas" (Uh) Blowin' on purp', reflectin' on they lives Couple of fat cats, couple of A.I.'s Dreamin' of fly shit instead of them gray skies Gray 5's, hatah's wishin' our reign dies Pitch, sling pies, and niggaz they sing, "why"? Guess they ain't strong enough to handle their jail time Weak minds, keep tryin', follow the street signs I'm standin' on the roof of my building I'm feelin' - the whirlwind of beef, I inhale it Just like an acrobat ready to hurl myself through the hoops of fire Sippin' 80 proof, bulletproof under my attire Could it be the forces of darkness, against hood angels of good That forms street politics - makes a sweet honest kid Turn illegal for commerce - to get his feet out of them Converse That's my word [Hook: Jay-Z] [Hook: Nas] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Kelis Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Not Going Back Typed by: OmnipotentSI@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] What nigga! What bitch-ass niggaz! What! Babe, babe, start the car! [Kelis] Nasir, come on let's go! Get in the car now, let's go! Throw it out, let's go! [Nas] Aight, aight, aight, yeah. But I got 'em. But I got 'em, though. [Kelis] This is crazy, why didn't you just throw it out of the car? This is so stupid, what are you doing? Why are we even out here? Why are we out here? What's going on? This is retarded, yo we gotta.. This is crazy. Never again. You'd throw everything away, for what? [Nas: laughs] Yeah, my man Kool G Rap told me son do not look back Chill up in the mansion with a fat glutious max, relax When people act schoolin' with facts, tell 'em At this point in my life I'm all about chillin' Ridin' around in something sick and the dress flies And twist, homie's hermano just died I gotta let it ride That's what I got the public thinkin' my nigga Just cause I ain't in the hood don't mean shit my nigga I know who died before the body dropped I know the guns that were used how much money the shooter got Cause on the private yacht I'm still within earshot of it all The top ten list of the most grimiest guys of all time Is all we talk when we talk of New York y'all Who to call and who to stay away from Whose mother's address to have just to play it safe son Women they lust up so quick to give 'em up What cars and what trucks they drive in what towns They spend the most time in when they grindin' I found out most of them are cowards they hidin' Behind reputations that's sour Not going back [Kelis] The streets keep tryin' to say Come back around this way I've already gone that way I won't go back today [Nas] I'm not goin' back [Kelis] The streets keep tryin' to say Come back around this way I've already gone that way I won't go back today [Nas] I'm not goin' back [Nas] First thing that happen when you make a little paper You think the Marriot is livin' in a skyscraper Till you come across some ever more flyer paper Realize that five-star 'tellies are even greater Terry-cloth robes, elegance, movie shit Heated-up marble floors with jacuzzis in it First-class flights, diamonds in your crucifixes All those things you still ain't really doin' shit kid Cause in reality I'll earn my salary The way I flaunted it then would now embarrass me It kinda make me wanna hate bling it's a race thing How they sell blacks to bootleg shit infact Real millionaires spend 60 mil on paintings Whores charge niggaz with raping Cause we come out doors of Maybach cars Watch us make bets on race tracks smokin' cigars So they counter the laws to take what's ours Bout 500K on a lawyer to beat the charge So you can't stop us from making a billion dollars Instead of goin' back I'm buying the projects But I'm not going back The hood's in me forever y'all But I'm not going back [Kelis] The streets keep tryin' to say Come back around this way I've already gone that way I won't go back today [Nas] I'm not goin' back [Kelis] The streets keep tryin' to say Come back around this way I've already gone that way I won't go back today [Nas] And of course y'all know what I'm not going back to Those no friends of mine.. (And I'm not going back to) Ten carat gold it shine.. (And I'm never going back to) Sony if they don't have dough to sign.. (Not going back to) Y'all know that I'm not going back to Those liars who would.. (Not going back to) Not help you if they could.. (Not going back to) Coke on the stove in the hood.. Y'all should know that I'm not going back The hood's in me forever y'all But I'm not going back [Kelis] The streets keep tryin' to say Come back around this way I've already gone that way I won't go back today [Nas] I'm not goin' back [Kelis] The streets keep tryin' to say Come back around this way I've already gone that way I won't go back today [Nas] I'm not goin' back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Kanye West Album: Hip-Hop is Dead Song: Still Dreaming Typed by: skeet2radamus@yahoo.com Sample + (Kanye West)] Some people (Yeah) Some people (unh-unh) Some people really are Still dreaming (And as the sun sets and the night falls) They are still dreaming (and them hoes call) [Verse 1: Kane West] He pulled up at 6:30 in his 745 As he wavin' his shorty hi, you know he showin' his bling out She got in the car, he drove, he pulled his thing out His girl call, feelin' she mad, she threw the ring out How she found out, she dreamt the whole thing out Y'all be goin' through problems you gotta work the kinks out When you go to sleep, what do you think 'bout? If y'all get a divorce she gon' take everything except the kitchen sink out Make it so cold that you gotta pull ya mink out Or grab ya roller skates and, turn a roller rink out You now back up in the club, in the club, tryna min-gle Meanwhile, she out, doin' the same thing now Nightmares from your dream gal make ya scream out [Chorus: sample + Kanye & Nas] Some people really (still dreamin') Some people really (make ya scream out) Some people really are (still) Still dreaming (st-still dreamin') (O-o-o-o-one two one two Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true) They are still dreaming (O-o-o-o-one two one two Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true) Some people really Some people really Some people really are [Verse 2: Nas] How you a man waitin' for the next man to get rich? Yo' plan is to stick out yo' hand real quick So if he feed ya family and he serve you shit Then he need that head you get and he deserve your bitch Since you wishin' cash fall from the sky all ya life Dwellin' on the past when you was alright When you was gettin' cash but wasn't too bright Now ya luck down you feel like, bustin' them shells Nobody owe you, can't do nothin' for self Want niggaz to show you, how to come up wit' green I scheme since I'm fourteens, what the fuck was your dream? Rental cars, little broads, sayin' you was seen Wit' little niggaz wit' a chain you was doin' ya thing How high was I? You the thousandth guy That came around thinkin' we can see, eye to eye We on a different echelon, coulda got bread together Now you gets deaded on [Chorus: sample + Kanye & Nas] Some people really (so keep dreamin') Some people really Some people really are (still dreamin') Still dreaming (O-o-o-o-one two one two Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true) (still dreamin') They are still dreaming (O-o-o-o-one two one two Some dreams stay dreams some dreams come true) (still dreamin') Some people really Some people really Some people really are [Verse 3: Nas] She had several cars, she had credit cards, a castle Large master bathroom, gettin' a pedicure Belaney by the glassful, said she been meanin' to ask who Would need a cash rule, who could blast tools And I'm eatin' cashews, knew she was bad news But we mad cool, nothin' sexual 'cause I knew her since high school Grew up wit' my dudes, like one of my crews She worked for Fox News One of her mans that she lent her drop to Won't come back wit' it so she want him clapped in it Says it's important that it looks like an accident She was snortin' and her eyes had bags in it Sheets was recordin had a wire, askin' shit Four days before I came by she got bagged wit' bricks Crossed the line from her world of news castin' To a world of entrapment, a good girl gone backwards Still dreamin' [Chorus: sample + Kanye & Nas] [Sample of "They are still dreaming" to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Mark B. Mayfield Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Hold Down the Block Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Chorus: Mark B. Mayfield] I gotta lay down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation I gotta lay down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation [Verse 1: Nas] Yea, Feds feast on street dons, look at their teeth showin' Salivatin' at the mouth, South to East Orange Keep pourin' that liquor, but nigga don't sleep on it You'll be givin' up your Jesus piece to your peeps to pawn it For legal fees in the penal dorm Screamin' on the horn with 'bout thirty years on your conscience I'm watchin' brothers disappear, it's appallin' Some dudes had just only a year of ballin' Counter-intelligence found a strange evidence (When the block is hot) Still we behind the wheel with heat on us, hangin' with predicates Position we placed in caves in, so they got us caged in Ways spinnin' like Mike Bivens from New Edition aging (I gotta... When the block is hot) I got families I'm feeding 'cause my mans is bleeding Every five seconds look in all directions I come through prepared; I give 'em a call I'm close, bring them guns downstairs [Chorus: Mark B. Mayfield] I gotta lay down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation I gotta lay down the block, when the block is hot (hold it down) I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation [Verse 2: Nas] Uh, uh, it's beef week, Monday, murder Two niggaz dead, Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday is hearse-day Friday, somebody-gotta-die-day Saturday, put the gat away Chillin' wit your chick and a bag of haze Wonderin' how it's all gon' end and what type of way 'Cause Sunday back to gunplay Mo' shit start over nothin' And get finished quick 'cause the art of repercussion Yeah, I seen it, a G' going out indecent (When the block is hot) Takin' a plea agreement, thinkin' he secret Escape the crime scene, now you live straight like 9:15 Then one-time intervene (I gotta lay...) My man ain't like me sayin' I don't care if I die But the SIG Sauer on me now I'm scared to die You thinkin' the one I send to clap you be a shorty But he old school, holdin' a .38, he in his forties [Chorus: Mark B. Mayfield] I gotta lay down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation I gotta lay down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation [Verse 3: Nas] (I gotta...) Anytime brothers can't get jobs, then they rob (When the block is hot) A man rather die than live on his knees and starve Cops steady askin' your man what happened First he tell then he stop, like he not really rattin' Guess he not really in that casket from a sawed-off (When the block is hot) Listen, peep game from the brain of an all-star The rain hurt niggaz bones who been shot Metal pins in their leg, they walk with a limp-hop The streets lie, (When the block is hot) so you better be cautious Your man'll fry you plus, everybody talkin' A vet, a General, don't step where I walked in Make your own path, be a legend in your skin (Hold down the block, when the block is hot) Make your own cash, don't stress what I'm forcin' Don't expect more when you put in less work than all them Queensbridge projects has taught him, and that's for life You heard me right, I got the block (When the block is hot) [Outro: Mark B. Mayfield] When the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation I gotta hold down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation I gotta hold down the block, when the block is hot I gotta use my imagination, to change the situation The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Blunt Ashes Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Nas] Yo, I wonder if Langston Hughes and Alex Haley got blazed before they told stories Well I'ma get blazed before I tell y'all stories I saw on tv today, this man lost his son, his son died So he had him cremated, took his ashes, and then made it to a Diamond ring Now he watches his son shine everyday I just thought about that, while I sit here ashing in this ash tray, yea [Verse One: Nas] The makin' of a mad band Intricate stories of DeVante Swing Ava Gardner, the crashin' of James Dean Bobby Brown influenced by Rick James and it goes.. Prince wanted Alexander O'Neal to be Morris Day or Jerome But Alex was puttin' coke in his nose, nigga whylin' Could be a myth but I swear that the source was close, Phyllis Hyman Killed herself, it was crazy, mommy was bad they say Donny Hathaway free fall from a balcony, he swings [Hook: Nas] As the blunt ash falls into the ash tray I could see my whole life fly past me Did I?, did I keep it gangsta or keep it classy? And will the money and fame out last me? The blunts ash falls down in the ash tray Will I see my whole life fly past me? I'm askin' did I keep it gangsta or keep it classy? Did I?, anything else you wanna know, just wanna ask me? [Verse Two: Nas] Sam trusted Womack with his main lady He tossin' in the grave, like, "this is how you repay me"? A change gon' come, wish you didn't trust me so much Marvin said "no mountain's high enough, fly stuff" David Ruffin was punchin' Tammy Terrell, gave her concussions While the Funk Brothers was layin' down the percussion When Flo from the Surpremes died, Diana Ross cried Many people said that she was laughin' inside [Hook: Nas] As the blunt ash falls into the ash tray I could see my whole life fly past me Did I?, did I keep it gangsta or keep it classy? And will the money and fame out last me? The blunts ash falls down in the ash tray Will I see my whole life fly past me? I'm askin' did I keep it gangsta or keep it classy? Did I?, anything else you wanna know, just wanna ask me? [Verse Three: Nas] John F. Kennedy's, enemies dealt with treachery It interests me, Judy Campbell in Gucci sandals She's what a temptress be The death of Ennis Cosby, what a mystery Or the Chicagoan Harold Washington Someone is sabotaging them Watch out for the traps Larry Troutman killed his brother Roger Troutman Then he killed himself, that's the end of Zapp And I wouldn't change a thing, mistakes of the greats This is what came from their pain From their hurt we gain, an unfair exchange [Hook: Nas] As the blunt ash falls into the ash tray I could see my whole life fly past me Did I?, did I keep it gangsta or keep it classy? And will the money and fame out last me? The blunts ash falls down in the ash tray Will I see my whole life fly past me? I'm askin' did I keep it gangsta or keep it classy? [Outro: Nas *Over the hook*] I could smell old bogey cigars Long record perfumes, smellin' just as sweet, ha-ha Me and my wife K, flyin' in a drop-top like Ruby and Ossie Davis baby Knaw'mean?, yo man, I get smoked out, and start thinkin' about Hattie McDaniel got a Oscar, for playin' Mammy in 'Gone With The Wind' And she didn't get allowed, wasn't even allowed to go to the premier Could'ya'believe that?, couldn't go to premier to her joint Tssk. man, you know they were strong back then man Blunt from my ash tray, nothin' gon' to live past me, yea, yea, yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Tre Williams Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Let There Be Light Tyepd by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com Yeah, check check, testing It's clear out there? Yeah It's like I'm hang gliding over the hood, ha Never worry (ohhh, no, no, no) [Verse 1] Check, let there be light No gang banging in New York tonight Just murals of Biggie Smalls, bigger then life Turn up the kid mic cuz ya'll ain't listening right What's all this talk that Nas got bought? I'd rather outline my body in white chalk Ain't nobody been where I been, they at a stand still This is all overseen by my man Will [Chorus: Tre Williams] As I walk through the shadow of death I know that I ain't got much time left And they don't really wanna see the good in me Ain't satisfied until they see the fool in me [And I] I know my business, so my sins great [And I] I thank the hood for all the love they gave [And I] Forgive 'em all, they did they best to hate Oh, let there be light [Verse 2] This ain't the glorified, just painting the street picture There's no guidance or Bibles, just blunts and swishers Gillettes cut 'caine in kitchen Now every rapper wanna claim he hang with Kenneth "Supreme" Griffith It's like the same difference cept when niggaz get arraigned They don't want the same sentence, niggaz get to snitchin If I could reverse demises and turn falls to rises And bring back the niggaz who was livest Old hustlers, reminscing on better days They home, doing nothing, might as well be in a cage Hating on young brothers, one foot in the grave They used to love us till we found our own way thru the maze New York, set trippin and flaggin Got the West Coast laughing, now Esco's asking What happened? My homegirl from upper Manhattan She remembers the quarters that's Latin, alotta rat-a-tat-tatting [Verse 3] The son of the audio cassette era, tech wearer Bullets and begets, Binzbo's speaker terror Till man I get mine till I'm dead, so I can drive sumpthin red Like that horse standing on it's hind legs Since Arnold and Willis in they bunk beds I wanted bread like Wonder, not manned-a-wanno like the parent of Lionel Nas is the Ghetto American Idol No matter what you do you're never getting my title I can't sound smart cuz ya'll'll run away They say I ain't hungry no more and I don't talk about 'ye Like there's no other way for a ex-hustler Cake ya, the x-ray splitter to touch ya, I beg to differ When you're four years into the game, we can have a conversation Eight years in the game, I invite ya on vacation Ten years in the game, after I've enjoyed my fame Only then I let ya pick my brain, niggaz [Bridge: Nas] + (Tre Williams) [And I] Right about now [And I] (They don't really know) [And I] (They don't really see) I don't even deal with all that garbage (No, no, no) We getting real right, ya know? [And I] (Though I walk through the valley) That is Tre Williams ladies and gentlemen [And I] (They should fear no) [And I] (no, no-oh) Focus on good things man, good times, Heh-heh, alright [Chorus] - 2X (with alterations) Oh let it be, let it be, yeah Let it be, let it be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Snoop Dogg Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Play On Playa Typed by: juveniledelinquent2k@hotmail.com [Intro: Nas] Light somethin', stop frontin' [Verse 1: Nas] How much money's enough? Think maybe like the trillion figures Pray my daughter don't wild like the Hilton sisters That'd kill me yo, filthy rich My daughter pass it on to the next generation Throwing carnations at my tombstone In my new home Meet moms in my Yves St. Laurent suit on Then we do a dance like my man Luther jam But my verse came first I stole change out her purse Now I wanna dig her up outta the earth Too morbid, learn forward toward a new paragraph Blue carats, D-Class Strictly that kush in the weed bag Tryna figure out what Berry Gordy had put in production Studio smoky now, hard like David Ruffin Hit a spliff through a sance, and I, play on playa [Hook: Snoop Dogg] Finest females I spit game on, I sprayed her Gotta get your papes on, play on playa Before it's all gone, sip Dom, tip waiters Do the yacht thing, mnage swing, baby Spendin' dubs on your buzz, gotta live crazy Finest females I spit game on, I sprayed her Get your papes on, play on playa Get your papes on, play on playa Get your papes on [Verse 2: Nas] Ruby red grapefruit juice with Grey Goose Rubies in Hey-Zeus piece Pimped out like Snoop be, but an East Coast thing My girl stock-ing tied up in a knot, top of my bean head Billion dollar dream head Went from triple beams to digital Serving fiends, the minimal 60 G's, no criminal No mo', Just mo' doe Mimosas pouring, Oprah's earrings on fingers While your girl performs cunnilingus 'Cause this big money aroma lingers Barber cleans his blade, then he give me a fade Hot towel on the face Hot models who vomit after they eat so they can stay lightweight Swallowing my protein like an Ovaltine shake Come through like Moe Green from Godfather, so clean Where I step, I Clorox it Keep 20 G's on both sides of the thighs, that's four pockets Eighty thousand, browse for the nicest price But we ain't into buying Conflict Ice That's the shit they stole from the Congo and other black soil True mack for you Nappy hair, just spinnin' Honey gave me a massage with the happy ending Finest females I just came on, and sprayed her Gotta get your papes on, play on playa [Hook: Snoop Dogg] Finest females I spit game on, I sprayed her Gotta get your papes on, play on playa Before it's all gone, sip Dom, tip waiters Do the yacht thing, mnage swing, baby Spendin' dubs on your buzz, gotta live crazy Finest females I spit game on, I sprayed her Get your papes on, play on playa [Verse 3: Snoop Dogg] It's kinda hard for a playa like you But let me show you how a nigga like me get revenue What you never do Is punk out, what you better do Never let the game get ahead of you Get a better view Better yet a better crew Praise God, I'ma marry you Get your homie, carry you, bury you Slowly, roll me another blunt stuff it Lick it, puff it, tuck it - fuck it That man, that gang, that bang it was In D-O double G we trust Yep yep, young loc with the two step He creepin' with two Tecs He's sleepin' with two chicks Right before he blast, all you heard was two clicks (blaw) End of existence, for instance Rewind it, replay it, re-chop it, remix it Re-twist it, god damn D-O double G, cause we missed it Travel slow, I'm a Indian but not a Navajo I smoke the big leaf, end all the big beefs My hair in two braids, I'm the big Chief La-da-da bing ba ta da Yeah break that down, how fresh ya are The king from Queens, Mr. Escobar Connect with the best from the west, yes yes ya are Oh my God, it's Snoop Dogg and Nas Playa play on... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Can't Forget About You Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] There comes a day in your life when you wanna kick back Straw hat on the porch when you old perhaps Wanna gather your thoughts, have a cold one Brag, to your grandkids about how life is golden So I will light a cigar in the corridor of the crib Pictures on the wall of all the things that I did All the money and fame, 8 by 10's of the whole Rat Pack inside of a big frame Collidin with big names that could've made your career stop All that, and your man is still here and I'm still hot Wow, I need a moment y'all See I almost felt a tear drop When was the last time you heard a real anthem Nas, the millionaire, the mansion When was the last time you heard your boy Nas rhyme Never on schedule, but always on time [Hook] These streets hold my deepest days This hood taught me golden ways Made me, truly this is what made me Break me, not a thing's gonna break me (2x) Ohh, I'm that history I'm that block I'm that lifestyle I'm that spot I'm that kid by the number spot That's my past that made me hot Here's my life long anthem Can't forget about you (Can't forget about, Can't forget about you) (2x) [Nas] Can't forget about the old school, Bam, Cas, Melle Mel, Flash Rocksteady spinnin on they back Can't forget when the first rap Grammy went to Jazzy, Fresh Prince Fat Boys broke up, rap hasn't been the same since So irregular, how it messed you up when Mr. T became a wrestler Can't forget about Jordan's retirement The shot Robert Horry to win the game in the finals kid Some things are forever, some things are not It's the things we remember that gave the world shock They stay in a place in your mind so snug Like who the person was with whom you first make love [Hook] [Nas] Unforgettable, unsubmittable, I go by N now Just one syllable, it's the end cause the game's tired It's the same vibe, Good Times had right after James died That's why the gangsta rhymers ain't inspired Heinous crimes help record sales more than creative lines And I don't wanna keep bringing up the greater times But I'm a dreamer nostalgic with the state of mind The past the past enough of it, aight then But nothing gives me chills like Douglas and Tyson Or Mike when his talk was live Or when he first did the moon walk on Motown 25 [Hook] [Nat King Cole sample] That's why, darling, it's incredible That someone so unforgettable Thinks that I am unforgettable too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ The Game Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Hustlers Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [Nas] Dre, he a Compton-Compton O.G. Nas, he a QB-QB true G Do the history Way before The Firm, like back in the day Nas was the first New York nigga rappin' with Dre So of course I got a track to bring it back to your face The one kid that would've been Aftermath that got away But we still get together like every several years to sprinkle, a little bit of Heaven for your ears Relax sippin' Calico in Rio, stupid fuckers Low-key, know G's, but it's still Gucci luggage I love Cape Cod, and watchin' fly bitches with grey eyes wrestle in a tub of KY to get my day by I like to celebrate, why? - 'cause I can vision collages and images of my lies with no regret to hate So every breath I take, is all about the rules It's hard for you to breathe like you at high altitude So crack the Patrn, it's on heathens, The God's back Hard body, Mr. Jones never leavin' [Chorus #1] Hustlers, dealers, drop-top riders Make that cake, cop two five fivers Pimps and players, platinum diamonds East to West Coast we riders [Chorus #2: Nas] (The Game) He a Compton-Compton O.G. (Mix that with a QB-QB true G) (What you got's) A concoction of some different ghetto blocks (West Coast kill the tracks) East Coast gunshots [The Game] 1995, eleven years from the day I'm in the record shop with choices to make "Illmatic" on the top shelf, "The Chronic" on the left homie Wanna cop both but only got a twenty on me So fuck it, I stole both, spent the twenty on a dub sack Ripped the package off "Illmatic" and bumped that For my niggaz it was too complex when Nas rhymed I was the only Compton nigga with a "New York State of Mind" Inside the dope house bottlin' up sherm, bangin' The Firm Dre was king then so I waited my turn Fast forward, now I'm makin 'em burn Ended my peers careers, hollered at Nas, a hard lesson was learned So I reconciled my differences like he did with Jigga I stopped beefin' with niggaz, 'cause I'm "Ether" to niggaz Comb the earth 'til there's no one left "If I Ruled the World" I summons all you weak rap niggaz to death [Chorus: Nas] (The Game) He a Compton-Compton O.G. (Mix that with a QB-QB true G) (What you got's) A concoction of some different ghetto blocks (West Coast kill the tracks) East Coast gunshots [Nas] Yo, the Jordans sportin' Come off the dice game with a fortune walkin', you a walkin' coffin' The musket I tucked it, you bluff it I bust it You're sideways talkin', so I lay often I wait patient, to duct tape hatin' Fuck ass niggaz, get bucked ass niggaz Pluck ashes - of Cuban cigars, you foolin' with Nas That's my name and I came with Rugers this time And if I'm sane that "Soul Plane" movie's the bomb Word to my mom's name tattooed to my arm You can't revolve me, embalm me, calm me or harm me Rob me or dodge these bullets I'm bustin' See that's malarky you yappin' I open up the tripod to put the gatling on, and I start clappin' Nasty man, from baggin' grams and runnin' from cops to a mill' on the hand, a mill' on the watch, I'm fuckin' with Doc [Chorus #1] Hustlers, dealers, drop-top riders Make that cake, cop two five fivers Pimps and players, platinum diamonds East to West Coast we ridin' [Chorus #2: Nas] (The Game) He a Compton-Compton O.G. (Mix that with a QB-QB true G) (What you got's) A concoction of some different ghetto blocks (West Coast kill the tracks) East Coast gunshots The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Chrisette Michele Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: Hope Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Chrisette Michele] Hip-Hop - it will never die Hip-Hop - Hip-Hop will never, never die [Verse 1: Nas] Ghetto niggaz struttin' with nothin' but dreams and Queens broke Mack-10's, you can smell the PCP smoke Mele Mel told it real in the music he wrote Those were the days I remember We used to be close, then I was nine, coldest winter I remember Was slippin' in December, two feet of snow Yeah, that's the East Coast, that black ice Symbolized the rap life It was slick and smooth I understood I had to come from the hood Doin' the Pee Wee Herman, the Smurf Before them phones chirped The block's drugs flowin', didn't have your own work You had to have somebody else's, a small chrome on your pelvis Starter Jacket, Blue Georgetown or Green Celtic Your girl's too expensive, she wants shellfish Red Lobster was poppin', standin' on that line forever I wish somebody would step on my Bally leather's Now it's whatever... hip-hop's forever Kept my radio on 98 or BLS Had a pre-pubescent lyric gift but niggaz never hear me spit My little brother tried to warn 'em, I was a tornado comin' He knew from inside, like the eye of a storm And told my pops about it He gave us tickets to that Wild Style flick Double Trouble, retarded, we was the proudest I never had a summer job Sweepin' leaves, socks to my knees Homemade shorts cutoff, Lee's I ain't work a day in my life Wipin' away eraser of the paper man I'm just tryin' to say it right Big radio, tape slowin' down Lower the lights go, battery dead I gotta freeze 'em 'til they ice cold In the freezer later, I'm starin' at the speaker Sunk in them 808's deeper, cleanin' my sneakers Wit the bristles of a toothbrush, soap and water I let the shoe strings soak in water... *Chorus is sung over Nas outro* [Chorus: Chrisette Michele] Live hip-hop live, live hip-hop live Give hip-hop give, give hip-hop give Stay hip-hop stay, stay hip-hop stay I pray, hip-hop pray, I pray hip-hop stays [Outro: Nas] Ain't got nothin' to do wit old school, new school Dirty South, West Coast, East Coast This about us, this our thing, 'knaw'sayin'? This came from the gut, from the blood, from the soul Right here man, this is our thing man You know, so I say what I say And I say what I say, and I mean it Y'all take it how you wanna take it Cause if you're askin' - Why is hip-hop dead? It's a pretty good chance you're the reason it died, man It's a pretty good chance your lame ass, corny ass, is the reason it died, man You don't give a fuck about, you don't know nothin' about it You want this paper, be a hustler You a hustler, you ain't a rapper Get your paper man YouknowwhatI'msayin, but this rap shit is real Bitch, this shit is real, bitch, ha-ha [Chorus: Chrisette Michele] Live hip-hop live, (Stay) live hip-hop live Give hip-hop give, give hip-hop give Stay hip-hop stay, (Live) stay hip-hop stay (Live) I pray, hip-hop pray, I pray hip-hop stays Live hip-hop live, (Stay) live hip-hop live Give hip-hop give, give hip-hop give Stay hip-hop stay, stay hip-hop stay I pray, hip-hop pray, I pray hip-hop stays The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip-Hop Is Dead Song: Where Y'all At? Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com Where them gangsters at? Where them dumbs at? Where where them gangsters at? Where them dumbs at? Where them gangsters at? Where them dumbs at? Where where them gangsters at? Where them dumbs at? Where them gangsters at? Where them dumbs at? Where where them gangsters at? Where them dumbs at? Where them dumbs at? Where them dumbs at? Where where them dumbs at? Where where them dumbs at? [Nas] I slow dance with the Devil Snow setting in the bezzle Mo' sipping, phantom bumping Aaron Neville Polo black scented, eyes squinted Air Force One's, with my own patent in it Fresher than a star, glowing up in the galaxy Pagan holidays, are way far from my reality Far through Evisu jeans, lethal green Oliver peoples shades when I creep through Queens With no AKs, I'm the ambassador Robin Hood in the Aston Mart. Lotta blood gonna splash in war Task force homicide, federalies gonna arrest But y'all ain't never seen nothing Not a word not a hint, on the kid from the Project Bench That went Sony-BMG, to that new conglomerate Island Def Jam, guess how many dollars was spent To get the best man, yall niggaz ain't silencing shit Ya bench been wanna police the dick The big Benz, Imma model ya chick Was that posing, cash froze her Cats stroke her, once I smash it's over Cold like ice, more chains than slaves Dangerous ways, Poltergeist change the channel Roll the dice, I bring change when I gamble I could sell sand to a Arab, hot and my gun handle [Nas] The ill whip pusher, my spit wet ya If you stand close to the woofer Betcha get sprayed by my lecture Any club with ladies or dimes, I'm a regular Give it up smooth, I ain't beggin ya Intelligent brainiac, brains maniac Back of the Maybach, taste that, don't waste that Eat with my elbows top of the table Street etiquette with speech impediments And s'til see presidents, no matter who paid Cause you ain't take the last dollar made Long as they keep printing it, there's chances of getting it Money's my bitch, and we stay intimate Ask about Nashwan, could ask about Jung Ask about Bravehearts, and ask where I'm from Q Boro, specifically The Bridge Don't ask no more question, ya know what it is [Nas] Whether chrome sparking or loan sharking Busting rachets or numbers rackets or drug traffic My funds are wrapped up, no concerns who has what Financer, skull doo wrapped up Mob life, prizefights, plasma tvs or first floor Diversified all my circle Amid the most sickest groom the proof swiftness Numero uno, annuit coeptis That's the language of our Latin ancestors On the back of a dollar, the plan and the message In the Rolls Royce like the King of Nigeria My criteria, smoke cigars Change rap like Jimi Hendrix changed Rock And Roll With a broke guitar, diamonds flashing Almost put a million cash in, in my mommy casket Seen more green than St. Patrick-trick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead Song: The N (UK Bonus Song) Typed by: juveniledelinquent2k@hotmail.com [Verse 1: Nas] It's the late night greasy spoon patron Poolhall making Big bets, midsection got the 8 in Dior Christian pimpin' Got that penal system diction Riffing, you don't want it you snitchin' Spit a few at a traitor with that new AR Try to kill me I'm the leader, that's coup d'etat Streetsweepers in that Coup all black Bitches want my chipped tooth back Steel mac, so my kufi never gets smacked Squeeze a fifth with a grip as I dip From the paparazzi Still playing numbers you can't stop me Still wearing bundles, and spark weed If I ever say "Queens get 'em", you know they got me Success, scandal, bone deep, personal beef So lead by example, or get trampled Since Hip Hop Is Dead, this is the N Congratulations in order 'cause we did it again [Hook: Nas] Don't hate me now, congratulate me now I'm still getting it and don't even love the doe Don't hate me now, congratulate me now I'm still ripping, and I don't even love the hoes Still getting it and don't even love the doe Steel gripping it, you know that I tug the fo' Stay splifted 'cause you know that I love the dro [Verse 2: Nas] The style is taboo, the chain's offensive Brain on airplanes, Gucci frames are vintage The two Tec Don in Yukon's and Benzes Chicks who suck other chicks tits like infants (wow) The Apprentice but not Trump I'm the nigga with glocks and pumps That you don't see much Sucker free from chumps Homes with cobblestones in front of 'em He's got guns in cummerbunds, so understand you under son Don't make me have you running from a hundred guns Don't make me grab your only son I'm coming from A place Tanqueray and weed's the only escape From phonies who hate When you rolling with papes That's why the god party with juicy models They mob me, Denali, Charlie Luciano - hardly Have to tell y'all, I kill y'all For spitting songs that involve me nigga Original verbal assassin, have to carve me a nigga [Hook: Nas] Don't hate me now, congratulate me now I'm still getting it and don't even love the doe Don't hate me now, congratulate me now I'm still ripping, and I don't even love the hoes Still getting it and don't even love the doe Steel gripping it, you know that I tug the fo' Stay splifted 'cause you know that I love the dro The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Queens Get the Money Typed by: haroonaftab@hotmail.com [Nas] Eh yo Queens get the money Niggas still screaming Paper chasing Where presidential candidates is planning wars with other nations Over steak with Masons Pregnant teens give birth to intelligent gangsters Their daddy's faceless Play this, by your stomach Let my words massage it and rub it I'll be his daddy if there's nobody there to love it Tell him his name's Nasir Tell him how he got here Mama was just having fun with someone above her years Niggas is still hating Talking that Nas done fell off with rhyming He'd rather floss with diamonds They pray "please God let him spit that Uzi in the army linen That shorty doo-wop rolling oo-wop in the park reclining" Take 27 emcee's put them in a line and they're out of alignment my assignment since he said retirement hiding behind 8 Mile and The Chronic Gets rich but dies rhyming This is hot science Now add 23 more from Queens to B-more I've over their heads Like a bulimic on a seesaw Now that's 50 porch monkeys ate up at the same time Nasty Nasdaq Y'all going to bow holmes, it's Dow Jones .80 cal chrome Needed time alone to zone The mack left his iPhone and his 9 at home My queen used the milkshake to bring y'all to my slaughter houses I do this for the group home kids in boarding houses This is that nigga shit that's on the album For the niggas inside the chalk line in 40 houses Bring back Arsenio Hip-hop was aborted So Nas breathes life, back into the embryo Let us make man in our image Spit it, I'm Huey P in Louis V throwing Molotov for Emmit You aint as hot as I is All of these fake prophets are not messiahs You don't know how high the sky is The square milage of Earth, or what pi is I'm the shaky hand that touched Geogre Foreman in Zaire The same hand that punched down devils that brought down the towers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Eban Thomas (Stylistics and The Last Poets) Album: Untitled Song: You Can't Stop Us Now Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Nas] From Willie Lynch to Willie Hutch, right on, we +Superfly+ Made Gucci the shit - Louie too, suits and ties Player trophies, pray to Goldie Picture wax museums full of Black Panth's and triple OGs' Aunt Jemina hoes, historic horse shit Girls from long time ago, stagecoach with the horse, kid Witchdoctors, good ol' pickpockets Sip Moonshine, so-called coons, shines, and darkies I love y'all; pyramids to cotton fields to Wrigley Fields, forgetten men who DID get killed Crispus Attucks, the first blasted Peace to the rich lady, purse snatcher shot in the back I know your hunger kid, I know they hung your dad Burnt ya mama crib, I know that hurt you bad Minstrel shows; from gold to shackles and back to gold We act like we home, matter of fact - we are home Bad attitudes, octoroon skin tones Slave food turned to soul food, collards to neck bones Betsy Ross sewed the first American flag Bet she had a nigga with her to help her old ass! [Eban Thomas] As James Baldwin says,"You can only be destroyed  by believing that you really are  what the white world considers - a nigger" {*echoes*} [Chorus: sung w/ ad-libs] No matter how, hard you try, you can't stop, us nooooow... No matter how, hard you try, you can't stop, us nooooow... [Nas] Can't be stopped.. Yo, on Dateline, the other night they showed hate crimes Gave a blood time 'cause he fought with his canine Bestiality, Humane Society Go to China, see how they dine, see what they eat Better yet ask PETA, whoever; which animal makes suede? If not for suede, would you have survived the Dark Ages? Cannibal ways of the ancient Caucasians Stare you like you're steak tartar, pinot noir David Star on the chain of Sammy Davis He helped pave the way for Southern Crankers and them Harlem Shakers Now we gettin our papers, they try to censor the words and stop our money comin, but you can't escape us - haters  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Breathe Typed by: jamaro85@verizon.net In America you'll never be free Middle fingers up, fuck the police Damn, can't a nigga just breathe? Braveheart, still QB's Finest Grinding, enough diamonds to change the climate Not only do you see a nigga shining, you can see a nigga breathe Jewels enchanted like they was new from Atlantis Cruise with the hammer, jealous heart, they can't stand him Haters are scandalous, damn, can't a nigga just breathe? To all my niggas getting money in the streets Middle fingers up, fuck the police Light up my trees, and I just breathe [Verse 1] I twist 'em, baby mama beef victim Chronic leaf hittin', all kinds of heat with him, wisdom From pot to piss in to high position Intense hustle, it's pain like a pinched muscle 'Til it rains and my Timbs stain my socks 'Til I dodge enough shots, and the presiding judge slams a mallet And says life I'ma guap, then I cop Then I yacht, Then I dock Island hopping away from nightmare holders Or cowboy slingers who shoot up any club That see they names ring loud on some FBI poster Must be on Ex or he coked up, suggesting I post a Bail, I'm like yes, 'cause we soldiers We just getting older, in time, we still in our prime I can't afford a new arrest on my folder Nigga breathe (Chorus) [Verse 2] I'm fresh out of city housing, and have too many options Pennies on a pension or penitentiary bounded Plenty henna in me, envy was simply they trend, see My enemy was every hater that was bigger than me The high life, the fly life Pierre Hardy, imitation of Christ Ice-wear gaudy, since '94 flossy The Lex was an excellent choice, now fast forward me The pestilence of the ghetto informed me As a shorty, to push nothin' less than a 740 With fresh linens, sip Pellegrinos with Airs on They sick, mixing they water with airborne [Outro] Oh, they so sick! Look how I got 'em going crazy, look at that! You gotta let it out, stress...ain't good man You gotta breathe Breathe... America, we gotta be free Breathe... (x4) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Chris Brown, The Game Album: Untitled Song: Make the World Go Round Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [Nas] Yeah, Lace that Macy's don't have it, a hatred addict I need faces mad with frowns when I'm around, or I'm wasting fabric I don't feel greater 'til my plush pieces cause you to suck your teeth So mean-mugging on my clean-thugging mean nothing Women dream I'm your husband I'm Alex Pushkin, the black poetry-writing Russian, ice disgusting I started bling, how could you question my direction? Or my time for collection? Gangstas two-steppin' You hate me, should thank me, but lately I burned so much trees, I keep environmentalists angry I'm a rare dude, I'm a wonder, your best success is my worst blunder Y'all living trendy on pennies, I cop plenty Fendi Vivienne Westwood, I'm good, get the whole Trump Tower top floor for the hood Dre & Cool, we ridin' heavy N.Y. to Miami, 'cause... (We make the world go round) [Nas] (Chris Brown) Now let's toast to the hustlers (We make the world go round) Tell the hustlers, toast to the gangstas (We make the world go round) Tell the gangstas, toast to the ballers (We make the world go round) And tell the ballers pour glass for all us (We make the world go round) [The Game] I see the haters on the floor jockin my swag I'm popping Ralph Lauren tags and pouring champagne inside a polo glass Model bitches rollin grass, Escobar unfolding cash Toasting with my entourage, went from robbin' armored cars To all my stars, red carpet to the Larmitage We throwin' red dice at the Mirage I pull that red Lamborghini on twenties out my garage Set up shop in South Beach like Khaled and Terror Squad (We the Best!) Big pimpin', top down chrome spinnin Top Gun, Tom Cruise, tucked inside my Gucci linen No [censored], just Romo You tryin' to shine, I put the nine on your jersey for promo Jessica Simpson that's so-so Nick want his (baby back!) but thats lo so Tell the white 5-0 to catch me at the Pro Bowl On the field, diamonds choking the jockey on my polo CB let em know though [Nas] (Chris Brown) (We make the world go round) Tell the hustlers, toast to the gangstas (We make the world go round) Tell the gangstas, toast to the ballers (We make the world go round) And tell the ballers pour glass for all us (We make the world go round) [Chris Brown] We make the world go round From my town to your town We on top, no stoppin' us now We got patron, the ballers two steppin' Ladies on the float, and all 'em two steppin' From L.A. to Harlem, two steppin' So iced out cause we need to put them haters out [Nas] We start with Bellini's and end with Patron shots H. Lorenzo belt buckle from Chrome Heart Alife tag popper, it'd be sad not to walk out the store with bags Worth a 100 cash shopping Violence only when have to, have to to swell you up Prefer pea snaps, Perrier-Jouet, a vanilla dutch Mets cap, that's Queens, I'm a vet, bet that 300 carats the average up on the neck, black Paid the cost, be the boss, Black Caesar floss Weekends at the Venetian, pull up in that black Porsche Top down, new fashion Seeing me is like seeing through the lens of Helmut Newton's camera light flashing And I'm laughin', my plaques' from album sales Y'all is ringtone platinum, but .99 cents adds up I don't hate 'em, I congratulate 'em The new young Prince with young Mike Jackson on the same track, what! [Nas] (Chris Brown) Now let's toast to the hustlers (We make the world go round) Tell the hustlers, toast to the gangstas (We make the world go round) Tell them gangstas, toast to the ballers (We make the world go round) And tell the ballers pour glass for all us (We make the world go round) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Keri Hilson Album: Untitled Song: Hero Typed by: theboy_king@hotmail.com (Chorus) Nas & Keri Hilson  Chain gleaming Switching lanes Two-seating Hate him or love him For the same reason Can't leave it The games needs him Plus the people need someone to believe in So in God's Son we trust 'Cause they know I'm gonna give 'em what they want They looking for... a hero I guess that makes me... a hero (Verse 1) Another chapter of the cleanest rapper Distinguished gentlemen Crooks and castle on his back Maybach-er, exotic lady eye-catcher Holla at'cha, call me the chiropractor Working like Muay Thai class Get perspire out ya And of course I've been the boss since back when Rocking D Boy, Fila, velour in 190 black Benz Now they shut down the stores when I'm shopping Used to be train robbing, face covered in stocking I'm him (Chorus) Nas & Keri Hilson (Verse 2) Rubber-grip-holder, reloader Come at me I'ma rip your soliders in half Silverback ape, nickle-plated mag Young, rich, and flashy Young, b! tch, I'm nasty All black clothes til ice lay on me so classy And every time I close my lids I can still see the borough, I can still see the Bridge I can still see the dreams that my niqqas ain't never lived to see Tell them angels open the door for me From nine berettas and moving raw To chilling in wine cellars Sticks and humidors That's what I call mature That's what I call a g That's what I call a pimp That's what I call a gangsta To the fullest, sh! t I try to make more cream By every September 14th, that's my dream So I can be more clean, as I grow yearly I can see things more clearly That's why they fear me (Chorus) Nas & Keri Hilson (Verse 3) This universal apartheid I'm hog-tied, the corporate side Blocking y'all from going to stores and buying it First L.A. and Doug Morris was riding wit it But Newsweek article startled big wigs They said, Nas, why is he trying it?  My lawyers only see the Billboard charts as winning Forgetting - Nas the only true rebel since the beginning Still in musical prison, in jail for the flow Try telling Bob Dylan, Bruce, or Billy Joel They can't sing what's in their soul So untitled it is I never change nothin' But people remember this If Nas can't say it, think about these talented kids With new ideas being told what they can and can't spit I can't sit and watch it So, sh! t, I'ma drop it Like it or not You ain't gotta cop it I'm a hustler in the studio Cups of Don Julio No matter what the CD called I'm unbeatable, y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: America Typed by: jamaro85@verizon.net [Verse 1] Before all I saw was gangsters, coming up as a youngster Pussy and money the only language I clung to Clang to, unrolled myself up to become one Ain't you happy I chose rap? I'm a munster Streets deceiving, can't believe my achievements Cultural strata, persona is that of a non-needer 'Cause I don't need nada cept for Prada beaver For cold winters, tattoos got my summer sleeveless To my G's on the flee from the coppers Stiff bodies on freeze in funeral parlors From the slums I come up a phoenix Caked up, tryin' to take what I'm eating Came up a dismissive kid You lucky if you allowed to witness this Saavy, mild, wild hardly A man's man, who would've knew the beach houses and wild parties Jezebels and Stella McCartneys For years, all that, how can I not be dead This old German said I was a thug with a notty head Looked at my Benz and called that a Nazi sled With a face like he wondered where I got my bread Probably all these stones he see From my shows overseas From crime to rhyme, my story is I'm from the home of the thieves America, pay attention Wake up, this is not what you think it is America, pay attention This is not what you think it is [Verse 2] Blessed, the Lord is a G, he gotta be Who's the god of suckers and snitches? The economy Lipstick from Marilyn Monroe, blew a death kiss To Fidel Castro, he want me to spit this Only the strong survive, Nas bear witness The hypocrisy is all I can see White cop acquitted for murder, black cop cop a plea That type of shit make me stop and think We in chronic need of a second look of the law books And the whole race dichotomy Too many rappers, athletes and actors But not enough niggas in NASA Who gives you the latest dances, trends and fashion? But when it comes to residuals they look past us Woven into the fabric, they can't stand us Even the white tees, blue jeans and red bandanas (Chorus) [Verse 3] Assassinations, diplomatic relations Killed indigenous peoples, built a new nation Involuntary labor, took a knife, split a woman's navel Took her premature baby, let her man see you rape her If I could travel to the 1700's I'd push a wheelbarrow full of dynamite through your covenant Love to sit on the Senate and tell the whole government Y'all don't treat women fair, she read about herself in the bible Believing she the reason sinners here You played her, with an apron, like, "bring me my dinner dear" She the nigger here, ain't we in the free world? Death penalty in Texas, kill young boys and girls Barbarity, I'm in the double-R casually Buggin', how I made it out the hood dazzles me How far are we really from third world savagery? When the empire fall imagine how crazy that'll be [Outro] America (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Sly Fox Typed by: haroonaftab@hotmail.com [Audio sample] [Nas] It's sly Fox, cyclops We locked in an idiot box The video slots broadcasting Waco Dividian plots They own YouTube, MySpace When this ignorant shit going to stop? They monopolize and lose your views And the channel you choose Propaganda, visual cancer The eye in the sky, number 5 on the down Secret agenda, frequency antenna Dr. Mindbender Remote control so controlling your brain holder Slave culture, game's over What's a fox characteristic? Slick shit, sins in, misinformation Pimp the station, over-stimulation Reception, deception Comcast digital Satan The Fox has a bushy tale And Bush tells lies and foxtrots So, I don't know what's real (what's real) Watch what you're watching Fox keeps feeding us toxins Stop sleeping Start thinking outside of the box And unplugged from the Matrix stopped you But watch what you say, Big Brother is watching Watch what you're watching Fox keeps feeding us toxins Stop sleeping Start thinking outside of the box And unplugged from the Matrix stopped you But watch what you say, Fox Fire is watching [Nas] The Fifth Act that got you all riled up O'Reilly? Oh really? No rally needed, I'll tie you up Network for child predators, setting them up MySpace, pimps, hoes and sluts Y'all exploit rap culture, then y'all flip on us And you own the Post, and y'all shit on us What is their net worth? They're going to try to censor my next verse Throw them off the roof neck first While I'm clicking my cursor Reading blogs about pressure they put on Universal It gets worse While I'm clicking my mouse While they kick in my house They figured us out Why a nigger go south? It's either he caught a body Don't sleep, they're watching I watch CBS, and I see BS Trying to track us down with GPS Make a nigger want to invest in PBS (see BS) [Nas] They say I'm all about murder murder and kill kill But what about Grindhouse and Kill Bill? What about Cheney and Halliburton? The back door deals on oil fields? How is Nas the most violent person? Y'all wouldn't know talent if it hit you Bringing up my criminal possession charges with a pistol I use Viacom as my firearm Then let the living split you, who do you rely upon? Then shoot shells at Leviath-o-n I'm dealing with the higher form Fuck if you care of how I write a poem Only fox that I loved was the red one Only black man that Fox love is in jail or a dead one Red rum, political bedlam Don't let the hype into your eyes and ear drum Murdoch owns Fox Not A-Team with Baracus And he hates Barack because he march with the marches [Deep voice outro] I pledge allegiance to the fair and balanced truth Not the biased truth Not the liest truth But the highest truth I will not be deceived Nor will I believe in the propaganda I will not fall for the oke-doke I am tuned in... [Nas] Watch because they're watching Watch what you're watching Better watch because they're watching Watch what you're watching M-m-media, misleading you Watch what you're watching The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Nas Album:Untitled Song:Testify Typed by:JeffWisdom718@hotmail.com Intro [Nas] *talking I want to dedicate this song right here To Jonathan Jackson and George Jackson Peace to those brothers I want to shout out my man Sherm the Worm Eighty years Come home nigga Come home, niggers Ugh [Verse 1] I just burnt my American flag and sent three cracker nazis to hell and I'm sad Ugh, I'm loading tips in my mag to send these redneck biggots to some death in a bag Choke him out with his confederate flag I know these devils are mad Little rap fans who live way out in safe suburbia Would you stand with me, a United States murdurer? Chorus: *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) Huh? Would you Testify? You buy my songs You buy my songs  but will you ride with me? *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) You understand my struggle That's what you claim right? *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) Then get your aim right And get your game tight [Verse 2] Don't buy my songs, y'all don't roll with it Coming to concerts singing hoe'ing shit Fuck y'all lil' lil' hoe bitches I don't need y'all, I'll go gold with it I heard y'all was downloading it (heh) like I'm y'all man who be exposing shit (heh) like uhh, William Cooper  who told you the +Pale Horse+ is the future Chorus: *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) Would you testify on some realness like that? I think you scared (heh) I don't think you prepared Yeah *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) You know what I'm asking you? *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) Do you know what I'm asking you? (*laughs) Wow... *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) Wow... *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) *sings (Testifyyyyy for me) Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: N.I.G.G.E.R. (The Slave & The Master) Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com They say we N-I double G-E-R, we are Much more, still we choose to ignore The obvious, man this history don't acknowledge us We were scholars long before colleges They say we N-I double G-E-R, we are Much more, but still we choose to ignore The obvious, we are the slave and the master What you lookin for? You the question and the answer [Verse 1] We trust no black leaders, use the stove to heat us Powdered eggs and government cheeses The calendars with Martin, JFK and Jesus Gotta be fresh to go to school with fly sneakers Schools with outdated books, we are the forgotten Summers, coolin off by the fire hydrant Yeah I'm from the ghetto Where old black women talk about their sugar level - it's not unusual To see photos of dead homie's funerals Aluminium foil on TV antennas Little TV sit on top the big TV, eating TV dinners Girls die their hair with Kool-Aid They gave us lemons, we made lemonade But this nigger's payed, ancestral slaves Descendant of kings, it's necessary I - bling Put rims on everything, where tims on every scene [Verse 2] Do I mean it like a slave master, nigger? No I'm gangsta, gotta eat rappers My abbreviation was young when I caught the cases That should mean the court could see my changes, take off the bracelets Savers went broke, smokes, our diesel, need no Bowflex My chest still cut up like a bag of dope Bought patterns consist of boss matters Spit Moses' lost commandments like a growth sandwich out my mouth Toast to government cameras peepin us, every week I must Have my cars, homes and phones squeaked for bugs But this is what I was dreamin of Between cuttin hard coke with new razors slicin my fingers up They used to string us up, we wanted everything But the one bringin us cake be the snakes like the Like the New Jack City wedding scene No time for mistakes, tryin to get it like Medellin [Verse 3] + {Over Chorus} {My nig', what up my nig'? Yep!} People afraid of criticism But I always put myself in a sacrificial position They been know I ain't just rappin for fame I got my old homie hasslin to father askin for chains Yep, I get it cash up, this paper don't matter They see me from skinny to fatter, when I rap about war They got a tendency to scatter, they ain't my backup no more So now my enemies are at my front door Cause anytime we mention our condition, our history or existence They callin it reverse racism Still to this day the streets torn - my brother Jung' I'll always have a seat for him - not behind me, beside me You'll always know where to find me They say the close ones will hurt you So let's keep a small circle On the road to riches and diamond rings In the land of the blind, the man with one eye is the king The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Untitled Typed by: DaSun Akbar (Sample) "They did not have the power to stop Louis Farrakhan They were trying to touch on and thieve envy within the leadership But as a general and a man that rose through the ranks through discipline His presence inspired those men with the discipline he imposed on his own life Louis Farrakhan" [Nas] No revolutionary gets old or so I'm told Your left full of bullet holes when you tell the people go free Oh, it's a matter of days before they try to take me I heard gun shots rang; his bullet's got my name I ain't see 'em take aim, I dreamt this day came 'Cause I stood in the face of damnation Satan spat at 'em, flat out disgraced 'em He want my blood, why me? Why not the fake who deserve death man? Fuck it, I'll take one 'Cause stop me but can't stop a whole nation of millions who feel you deceived them They believe in reparation makes it even So I'm deadly now because of one reason, they listening In Budapest, Japan, China, and Switzerland We getting it in son, another bullet pass by, miss me Wondering who plotting to get me? Alphabet boys still plotting against me To hush me and stuff me in the pockets of history You won't remember why they came to clip me When time go by you'll soon forget me They say he was the king of bling, jewels, and Bentley's Then I use one of my lines just to prove I'm guilty Don't let' em kill me... (Sample) "They did not have the power to stop Louis Farrakhan." "They did not have the power to stop Louis Farrakhan." "They did not have the power to stop Louis Farrakhan." "They did not have the power to stop Louis Farrakhan." [Nas] Some revolutionaries do live long Am I one of them? Guess we'll know in due time Everybody has rights, can I use mine? Can I rock shine? Can I have a girl that's too fine? Got a swell life, tell me will I lose mine? Every time I turn around somebody new dying Let's start living, alecart, Escargo, Escobar invest my millions Mansion for the wife the rest for the children Knowing that they coming anytime But until then I'ma in lost till they shoot me Million dollar stones in my camouflaged Gucci Giving you this crack like Pookie To question the system, be the resistance No matter what color you are everybody niggas Or you can stand by or watch or you can march on with us (Chorus) Nas 2x Some revolutionaries get old although I'm told You'll get a left full of bullet holes when you tell the people go free Oh, it's a matter of days before they try to take me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Untitled Song: Fried Chicken Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com What I'm gonna do? Shit is all true [Nas] Hmm... Fried chicken, fly vixen Give me heart disease but need you in my kitchen You a bird but you ain't a ki' Got wings but you can't fly away from me Driving in your bucket seats All the way from Kentucky to fuck with me Look what you done to me, was number one to me After you shower, you and your gold metal flour Then you rub your hot oil for about a half an hour You in your hot tub I'm looking at you salivating Dry you off I got your paper towel waiting Lay you down cause you're red hot Louisiana style you make my head rot Then I flock to the bed then plop When we done I need rest Don't know what part of you I love best Your legs or your breast Mrs. Fried Chicken, you gonna be a nigga death Created by southern black women to serve massa' guest You gonna be a nigga death Mrs. Fried Chicken you was my addiction Dripping with hot cholest- Like Greeks with his falafel, Italian with his to-mato pasta What roti is to a rasta Trapping me; You and your friend mac' and cheese Candy yams collard greens but you knocking me to my knees It's killing me when I'm inside Nothing I need more than a fish fry [Busta Rhymes] Shit it taste good I can't lie It's like you're walking out the tanning saloon When I pull you out the oven from baking I got you on my mind Rubbing that sun tan lotion all up over your body So amazing how you sparkle when I glaze you swine Hey my pretty hand hot It's so feminine the way you submitted and how you gave me power To massaging me to shower you with lemon water Marinate you with seasoning and dipping you in chowder Baby it's like you at the spa the way you gently lay in the pan While enjoying your butter milk treatment I sit and watch the grease sizzle bubbling on your skin Despite the funny fragrance still I lick my finger frequent In any event, I'm reflecting on all the signs  That I got saying that I shouldn't fuck with you But the way you that you would taste made you hard to resist When I put my mouth on you but that's another issue But it flies up in my stomach, when I laid eyes on you Or was it infection manifesting Confused over the feeling, impatiently eating you Trichina worm chewing on the wall of my intestine I'm a eat you until there's nothing left Until my very last breath, you gonna be a nigga death Despite I prepare it the best specialize in cooking swine as a chef You gonna be a nigga death Who cares if the swine is mixed with rat, cat and dog combined Yes, I'm a eat the shit to death Ain't that some shit I'm a eat some shit until what I'm eating kills me And I choose to do that, why? 'Cause that's just what niggaz do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Eban Thomas (The Last Poets) Album: Untitled Song: Project Roach Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Eban Thomas] It is absolutely silly, and unproductive  to have a funeral for the word "nigger" When the actions continue.. We need to have a movement to resurrect brothers, and sisters  Not a funeral for niggers 'cause niggers - DON'T DIE {*echoes*} [Nas] Uh, yeah.. Yo, I'm creepy and crawlin, in your sink and your toilet I be drinkin from your spit, anything 'cause I'm all less An insect with four legs; people come in, I fake dead Correction: I got eight legs, climbin on top yo' plate, bed Wherever I smell food, it could be even jail food Stale food that's molded, a roach is what I am, fool The ghetto is my land, fool, I'ma never be able to fly like a bumblebee, try not, to be underneath your sneaker, pitiful creature, I'm not afraid of your pesticide or RAID 'cause, in heaven's my Creator I love it when the light's off, eatin from same knives, forks from, ANY man's dinner, see my antennas You can't win, you can't stand the crunchy sound I make if you squash me, learn to live with me How much your Ross Motel costin? Yo, we in the city But yo, we everywhere! Check your house good, I bet we there!  LOOK HEED! [Eban Thomas] Niggers are like roaches - they're never gonna go away Learn from them what we should not become 'cause niggers - DON'T DIE {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Y'all My Niggas Typed by: jamaro85@verizon.net [Intro Sample] We use the word everyday Now we don't know the capacity of this word Are we headed for conflict or not? (Yes sir) Because we did not break down the capacity Of the same what (The same word) Brothers and sisters, this is why we hung up the consciousness We've been taught wrong [Verse 1] Find a room to lock yourself in and close the door It's some heavy concepts that we gotta explore We gotta strip the word down rugged and raw The rhetoric of Martin King just ain't around no more Du Bois ain't here, James Baldwin neither, they all were leaders But they ain't help me get this Porsche two seater A lawyer left the hood, he never looked back To be a Forture 500 CEO and took rap So what if my pants sag with my hat turned back? The same swag got our merchandise flying off the rack Marketing companies is hiring blacks Fresh hip-hop lingo for your campaign ads Controversy surrounds who could say it and when Some niggas are full time, some play and pretend So fuck that, no apologies on the issue If it offends you it's meant to, it's that simple Tryin' to erase me from y'all memory Too late, I'm engraved in history (I'm here my niggas!) Speak my name and breathe life in me Make sure y'all never forget me ('Cause y'all give me life!) 'Cause y'all use my name so reckless Whether to be accepted or disrespected (And I love it!) And I love it, especially when y'all do it in public And I'm the subject 'Cause y'all my niggas [Verse 2] Yo, I was thinkin' a little bit What would it take to authenticate my nigganess? Ball ridiculous? 26 inches when I call up the dealership? Aww that's some nigga shit We only out for our own benefit? We havin' too many kids? We Claudines? Welfare recipients? The infamous free clinics is the sickest shit Make me think what the hell they clean they syringes with Everybody bleeding, the cops are the demons Courtrooms full of goons, jail buses leanin' Handcuffs squeezed too tight on youth life If you fight they just give in, people used to do sit ins They got Nigeria and Niger, two different countries Somehow Niger turned to nigger, and shit got ugly The problem is we started thinking like the colonists 'Til Noble Drew Ali started droppin' that consciousness (Chorus) [Verse 3] My father was not a banker, neither was my neighbor When it came to gettin' paper who the hell was gonna train us? Oppresion couldn't escape us through the ages We changed the basis of derogatory phrases And I say it's quite amazing The use of ghetto terms developed out own language No matter where it came from It's celebrated, now people are mad if they ain't one [Outro Sample] Every word we use, it has a capacity And if you don't understand the words you're using And understand the capacity of it You are using words that is creating a destiny for you That you don't even know, or even conscious of (Chorus) (Chorus without Ad-libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Mykel Album: Untitled Song: We're Not Alone Typed by: jamaro85@verizon.net [Intro: Mykel] Where there's life there is water We depend on Mama Nature There's a message for tomorrow Everything connects to you Some say soon it will be over You can see it in the weather Out of tune with Mama Nature What you do comes back to you [Chorus: Mykel] We're not alone (4x) [Nas] Confucius, Confucius, Sigmund Freud And Farad Muhammad, is it evolution or God? Searching for the truth is a threat Seems the closer we get to the truth State Troopers or Feds Come out to silence you, my house in Malibu probably tapped 'Cause living next door to Demi Moore, plus I'm black Plus I want vengeance for the poor who's attacked daily Patriot Act never scared me Jake in the Taurus, sticky in the jar-as Niggas I'm with got warrants America's brownin', 20 years from now every town'll be brown and Latin An African looking Manhattan I'ma tell you what I seen with my three eyes Word to me, not a hoax back in '99 A spacecraft in the skyline In L.A. in daytime, ask Horse if I'm lying [Bridge 1: Mykel] Every mother every father Raise your sons and your daughters With respect and with honor From the seed comes a fruit It's an unbroken circle All of life is universal And we're all in the struggle If I know one thing is true [Nas] Evidence remains in debate Documents of our own Air Force base Additional terrestrial information Other planets with life population, my observation Scientists study pictures of a flying disk Right on earth anthropologists are finding shit Visitors probably live with us, they can mimic us It's sort of what we're seeing in the cinemas [Bridge 2: Mykel] Take a look in the mirror And see the bigger picture It's good to be alive It's good to be alive Nobody is an island We are part of an environment Only way we're gon' survive Is if we harmonize [Nas] Reginald Lewis, the black billionaire Before Oprah, Bob Johnson, how'd he disappear? Conspiracy theories, UFOs in the air I've seen it with my own two eyes, and I swear Like Warren Buffet, real money I'm just trying to touch it The diamond encrusted shit, live illustrious 'Cause we was deprived of it, suffered Now we pop to prove anything's possible My pimp strut was invented when they whipped us Now we diddy bop just to show you that our strength's up Just when niggas 'bout to see they cut Global warming about to burn us up Niggas never really seen paper in this world American Black's the teenager of this world Give us 20 more years to grow up, already geniuses What I mean is this I used to worship a certain Queens police murderer 'Til I read the words of Ivan Van Sertima He inserted something in me that made me feel worthier Now I spit revolution, I'm his hood interpreter [Bridge 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Black President Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Barack Obama - taken from victory speech in Iowa]  They said this day would never come... {*crowd cheers loudly*} They SAID, our sights were set too high. {*crowd still wooing*} This country is too divided; too disillusioned  to ever come together around a common purpose. They said..." [Repeat 2X] ("Although it seems heaven-sent,  we ain't ready, to have a black president" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Like Me * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * iTunes bonus track [Intro] Ay yeah, what's happenin mommy? How you doin baby? Oh you lookin kinda good and everything, I see you with them stilettos on baby Ay check this out, you ain't got time to talk to me? Ay let me put the bug in your ear baby Want you turnin them hoe shoes into some flows shoes, you dig? Yeah, check this out, this Universe Finest, your Royal Highness You know what baby? I can do a whole lot of thangs for you Guess why, cause I'm a motherfuckin pimp [Hook: singer] (Like me...) Hustlin and grindin babe (I be...) Stayin on that paper chase In this life there's pimps and hoes Tell me which one are you, you a nigga (Like me...) Hustlin and grindin babe (I be...) Stayin on that paper chase In this life there's pimps and hoes Tell me which one are you [Verse 1] The good man in me say "Get money and stay on the path" But the pimp shit in me say "Yo, keep lookin for ass" But my daughter gave me a gift, somethin to hold A little city in water, when you shake it, it snow I told her never let a sucker nigga take off her clothes Better wait till you grown, when he love you, you'll know Everybody's got a dream, a hopeful wish to own a six times two Cylinder whip, a fantasy, a bone to pick With friends to get against who I don't know Someone who said you won't blow, you won't eat, you won't cake They mistake blamin me for they failures, I'm fresh, gettin tailored Single breasted, a lip brush, it's senseless, some pimp shit A woman hates a man and stays with him for many years Tell him she loves him and be jealous of him Now lame is how the ghetto judge him, cause he still with her She'll take his cash and give it to some other real nigga [Hook] [Interlude] Ay pimpin been goin on man for eons and eons man since the beginnin of time You know me, the only thing I need to do is get on the grind and get mine So the only thing I gotta tell you man is you know, do what you gotta do man Bring my money back, get on that track and get on your back [Verse 2] I heard 'em say the NBA's a bunch of million-dollar slaves A portea wasn't real back in the days, the point I make is Jerry owns the Lakers, his yearly takings Let's just say more than collectively all of his players That's business, not really pimp shit Maybe a titbit similar to when we rappers make big hits and not own the masters, that's the deal By the way, portea helps all the Denzels excel He kept it more than real, but Hollywood can turn a girl out I knew a girl bout, 5'9", so fine, she could result grind She was sleek, sheek, with a classic mouth Movie directors always fucked her on the casting couch She came out with a blockbuster, can't knock a hustler She not a hooker, she focused, a hopeless soul on a lonely road I showed her all my stones and gold I said "Bitch, life is cold, you need to roll with a nigga" [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Untitled Song: Proclamation (Nigger Hatred) * Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * exclusively available as a pre-order on iTunes [Nas] This is my openin scripture - I've been preparin this album my whole life, might be uncomfortable for most you listeners Satin's bombardin me with propositions, but I decline I started in the Bridge without a pot to piss in I overcame all the opposition My teachers told that I'd a broken mayne on a cot in prison Cloaked in the finest drapes, not bathe in napes But we still filthy, Supreme Court say we still guilty This is the Genesis, and I don't even see a worthy arch nemesis I get loose like the Jena Six, they put a noose on 'Pac now I'm defendin Vic, and free that nigger TIP I'd take the grave or a bid to let some dirty clan members run up in my crib and plant cracks on the man that's goin to church Plants packs on the man that's goin to work and build cases, meanwhile they daddies and they brothers is recruitin all my brothers and cousins to fill bases The nerve of y'all to call Escobar racist Nigger, nigger, nigger, nigger, nigger, nigger hatred The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: As We Enter Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [Damian Marley] As we enter Come now we take you on the biggest adventure [Nas] Must be dementia, that you ever thought You could touch our credentials, what's the initials? [Damian Marley] You be Jamrock the lyrical official Send out the order, laws and the rituals [Nas] Burn candles, say prayers, paint murals It is truth we big news, we hood heroes [Damian Marley] Break past the anchor, we come to conquer Man a badman, we no play Willy Wonka [Nas] And I got the guns [Damian Marley] I got the ganja [Nas] And we could blaze it up on your block if you want to Or haze it up stash box in a Hummer Or you could run up and get done up [Damian Marley] Or get something that you want none of Unlimited amount you collect from us Direct from us, street intellectuals [Nas] And I'm shrewd about decimals And my man'll speak Patois And I can speak rap star Y'all feel me even if it's in Swahili Habari Gani [Damian Marley] Mzuri Sana Switch up the language and move to Ghana [Nas] Salute and honor, real revolution rhymers [Damian Marley] Rhythm piranhas [Nas] Like true Obamas, unfold the drama [Nas] Word is out, hysteria you heard about Nas and Jr. Gong gonna turn it out Body the verse until they scream "murder" out The kings is back, time to return the crown Who want it? Tuck your chain, we're due coming Renegades that'll peel you back like new hundreds Bet your jewels on it, you don't want to lose on it Either move on or move on it [Damian Marley] Queens to Kingston Gunshot we use and govern the kingdom Rise of the Winston, I can see the fear up in your eyes Realize you can die any instant [Damian Marley] And I can hear the sound of a voice When you must lose your life like mice in the kitchen [Nas] Snitching, I can see him pissing on hisself And he's wetting up his thighs and he trying to resist it [Damian Marley] Switching, I can smell him digging up shit like a fly Come around and be persistent [Nas] That's how you end up in a hitlist [Damian Marley] Ain't no bad man business [Nas] No evidence [Damian Marley] Crime scene, fingerprint-less [Nas] Flow effortless [Damian Marley] Casual like the weekends [Nas] No pressure when [Damian Marley] We're comfy and decent [Nas] We set this off beasting [Damian Marley] Hunting season [Nas] And, frankly speaking... Word is out, hysteria you heard about Nas and Jr. Gong gonna turn it out Body the verse until they scream "murder" out The kings is back, time to return the crown Who want it? Tuck your chain, we're due coming Renegades that'll peel you back like new hundreds Bet your jewels on it, you don't want to lose on it Either move on or move on it Word is out, hysteria you heard about Nas and Jr. Gong gonna turn it out Body the verse until they scream "murder" out The kings is back, time to return the crown Who want it? Tuck your chain, we're due coming Renegades that'll peel you back like new hundreds Bet your jewels on it, you don't want to lose on it Either move on or move on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley f/ K'naan Album: Distant Relatives Song: Tribal War Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS 1 - JR. GONG x2] TRIBAL WAR WE NUH WANT NO MORE A DAT  Every man deserve to earn  And every child deserve to learn, now  TRIBAL WAR  A NUH DAT WE A DEFEND  Every man deserve a turn  Like a flame deserve to burn  [VERSE 1 - NAS] Man what happened to us?  Geographically they moved us  From Africa  We was once happiness pursuers  Now we back stabbing, combative and abusive  The African and Arab go at it they most Muslim  Used to be moving in unison  Disputes would end  Bounty Hunters and Grape Street get cool again  Some standard housing  Got the young running rampant  Wilding, for a Phantom  He can style in  Mask on his face  Grabbing his Luger  Saying, gnobody move or Ifll shoot yah  Man youfre expiring  Catch 25 and he does it like a man  He sides with Black,  White Pride and Mexican  Survive the best he can  Strap a shank to his thigh  Why do we all collide?  Why do the young die?  Extortion, murder and burglary  Tattoos his chest  Says his enemies don't deserve to breathe [CHORUS 2 - JR. GONG x2] TRIBAL WAR  WE NUH WANT NO MORE A DAT  Everyone deserve to earn  And every child deserve to learn, Lord  TRIBAL WAR  A NUH DAT WE A DEFEND  Each and every man deserve a turn  Like a flame deserve to burn  [VERSE 2 - K'naan] I drink poison  Then I vomit diamonds  I gave you Mandela, Black Dalai Lamas  I gave you music  You enthused in my kindness  So how dare you reduce me to Donny Imus  Timeless in case we never been acquainted  Flyness who made it  It gets duplicated  Mindless violence  Well let me try to paint it  Herefs the 5 steps  In hopes to explain it  One!  Its me and my Nation against the World  Two!  Then me and my Clan against the Nation  Three!  Then me and my Famf against the Clan  Four!  Then me and my brother we no hesitation  Uh!  Go against the Famf until they cave in  Five!  Now whofs left in this deadly equation?  Thatfs right, itfs me against my brother  Then we point a Kalashnikov  And kill one another  [CHORUS 3 - JR. GONG x2] TRIBAL WAR  WE NUH WANT NO MORE A DAT  Everyone deserve to earn  And every child deserve to learn  TRIBAL WAR  A NUH DAT WE A DEFEND  Every man deserve a turn  Like a flame deserve to burn  [VERSE 3 - JR. GONG] Man a war Tribal  Over Colors  Over Money, over land, and over oil, and over God  And over Idols, and even lovers  Over breakfast, over dinner, over suppers  Over Jungle, over Rema, over Buckers  Over Brooklyn, over Queens, and over Rutgers  Over Red, and over Blue, and over Chuckers  Over Red and over Blue and Under]covers  Tribal trouble  The drive by s double  Cause the youth dem nah go war  And go fight with knuckle  The two sides scuffle  Vietnam nah go a war  With no more Kung Fu Nun chuckle  Missile and shuttle  Huh  And the Queen of England and Uncle Sam  Dem a flex dem muscle  The Tribal Hustle  Blood Diamond Poodle  Survival Struggle  [CHORUS 4 - JR. GONG x2] TRIBAL WAR  WE NUH WANT NO MORE A DAT  Everyone deserve to earn  Every child deserve to learn  TRIBAL WAR  A NUH DAT WE A DEFEND  Each and every man deserve a turn  Like a flame deserve to burn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Strong Will Continue Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [Nas] All I do is stay focused Looking straight forward at the world and beyond I feel people pulling me down I feel some pulling me up I can't get stuck I just keep moving forward I got places to go man Let's go [Damian Marley] When the armageddon's dark and dread A lot of weak hearted weep and moan Only the strong will continue Do you have it in you? Come, we've got a journey to go And when the battle get sour and dread A lot of weak hearted wither and moan Only the strong will continue I know you have it in you I know you have it in you [Damian Marley] Hey, the victory's found in truth Like innocence found in youth Self defeat is your own dispute And man, you put yourself in your own shoes Either you're winning or losing Don't you get it confused Play a star and you know your own movie Playing of the role you choose, so Stand up and fight if you know that you're right And know you will never fail Tipping the scale and the wind shall prevail And the boat shall forever sail Hey, there ain't no stopping or cruising Even when you're battered and bruised Hold gun all the sprinklers on Mt. Olympus My gat tougher than Zeus [Damian Marley (Nas)] When the armageddon's dark and dread (I get up and make it happen) A lot of weak hearted wither and moan (I get up and we get it cracking) Only the strong will continue Do you have it in you? Come, we've got a journey to go And when the battle get sour and dread (I get up and I get it going) A lot of weak hearted wither and moan (We get up and we keep it flowing) Only the strong will continue (yeah) I know you have it in you (yeah, yeah) I know you have it in you [Nas] As I walk through the valley of the shadow of death New York to Cali, for the money, power, respect It's a journey, some'll get left behind Cause in life, you cannot press rewind Get it right, you only have one first chance To make one first impression that lasts a lifetime Reputation supercedes itself Do you believe in Hell? Babylon greed for wealth Do you deceive yourself and let your ego swell? And disregard those who most need your help Thick skin, the dark won't take my soul Survive spiritual wars, see my welts And the evil's felt, but the faith is stronger I saw grown men fall when I was a youngster But I clench my fists, ready to go against whoever Tie my Timbs and rise in the end [Damian Marley (Nas)] When the armageddon's dark and dread (I get up and make it happen) A lot of weak hearted weep and moan (I get up and we get it cracking) Only the strong will continue Do you have it in you? Come, we've got a journey to go And when the battle get sour and tread (I get up and I get it going) A lot of weak hearted wither and moan (We get up and we keep it flowing) Only the strong will continue (yeah) I know you have it in you (yeah, yeah) I know you have it in you [Damian Marley] No man live forever, but never say never Every good he want better, must be a go getter And always be clever in every endeavor Now drastic time call for drastic measure Your girl try to pleasure from your neighbors, things sever The land and the treasure, work for whatever Jah said don't be a beggar, the Alpha Omega Will bless every soul no matter which name you prefer The immortal stepper, believe in every skin no matter which color they are We never let we don't know here which kind of weather You're destined to rise like the Son of Rebecca Don't stop for a second Everyone reckon, it sure would be good to be there Whether Zion or Mecca When the gates are finally closed And the saints go marching in [Damian Marley (Nas)] When the armageddon's dark and dread (I get up and make it happen) A lot of weak hearted weep and moan (I get up and we get it cracking) Only the strong will continue Do you have it in you? Come, we've got a journey to go And when the battle get sour and dread (I get up and I get it going) A lot of weak hearted wither and moan (We get up and we keep it flowing) Only the strong will continue (only the strong will continue) I know you have it in you I know you have it in you [Nas] As the weak shall fall to the sideline, I get my kid I protect mine with a TEC-9 Haters want me to side with them Gangsters want me to ride with them Ladies want me to make brides of them I'm on the low and I'm creeping I'm in the zone every evening I'm in the zone every evening Walk through the valley of death, I'm still breahing For a bit of life, the American dream Thief in the night like I never been seen Coming through in the zone every evening In the zone every evening Only strong will survive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley f/ Stephen Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Leaders Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS 1  Stephen Marley] This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world [VERSE 1  Nas] Yeah! Got out the 600 Blunted Chicks hunt him Neighborhood know he comin' Jakes hate him Snakes could not violate him Pimps memorize his lines-verbatim He reps N.Y. yo Gives C-notes to winos Not church It's how he tithe though He walks the tenement Sleeps at his super fly condo My kinda nigga My Icon, my Idol No certificate For this misfit who handle business The odds stacked against him He fights back mackin Benzes Never puts cash or ass Before friendship He laughs last? As some die young He is still existing Somehow he got around the pitfalls of the system When he walks we watch When he talks we listen Leaders [CHORUS 2  Stephen Marley] This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world [VERSE 2  JR. GONG] Who do I follow? Who do I copy? Look in to the mirror And it's you I see look at me Everything new Like it fresh from the factory Everything you do? It impact me Your lifestyle attract me Parents try distract me When I grow up I want to be like you exactly And as soon as I get over this acne There's no way anybody coulda stop me Me gravitate toward the aura And all the mannerism The sending out of orders And man start moving busy The locking of the corners? The streets and all the buildings Mi love you like a father Mi ready and mi willing Anything what you a talk Is law in my dominion And mi have similar thoughts I share the same opinions Mi have it say you smart With mi best interest at heart I'm following your path Yow mine whe you a walk [CHORUS 3  Stephen Marley] This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world [VERSE 3  Nas] They appeal to the conscious The Paramount The Cesar, the monsters The grandiose, the matters The hell on earth pompous Ellsworth Bumpy Johnsons The Harlemites the Garveyites Black as the credit card we swipe Poppin' Dom tonight For all of mine I can see myself back at the Autobahn Malcolm on the podium Shells drop to linoleum Swipe those Place 'em on display at the Smithsonian Next to only gems That were left behind By holy men Infectious Charisma of those who gave us direction The anti-sexes Resistance against oppression Progressive thinking Ghetto speakers Protestors against the colored Only section to the Jena 6 and The Frost Nixon The contradiction The cross the crucifixion The loss we took for sinning On Esau's back inscription That it was written That nothing is coincidence'n They took our leaders and they lynched them [CHORUS 4  Stephen Marley] This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world This one's for all the leaders Leader Lets all change the world Change the world Change the world, change the world Change the world Change the world, change the world You change the world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Friends Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS 1 - AFRICAN SAMPLE] [VERSE 1 - JR. GONG] These later days in Babylon As I watch your children grow And the years them carry on And I miss you even more Still I send them go to school And tell them What dem fi know All of mi friend dem mi salute Daddi gon & Lenny Screw Another year has come and past Man a drop like morning dew Uncle Warrick sick and gone When him couldn't catch a flew Picka T you a mi don Respect long and overdue When nothing never did a gwan You still have on somethin'new Our friendship ever last All when one minus from few Yes we surely had a blast We're like family Me & you A nuh every path you cross Lead to somebody whe true Of the many that are called Only chosen is a few  [CHORUS 2  JR. GONG] Of the real friends that serve you long Your memories might fade Your real friends will serve you long Sunshine or rain Your real friends will serve you long Acquaintances will fade Your real friends wont do you wrong Real friend don't change [VERSE 2  Nas] Only talking with winners A looser or two Got my number Still they think they real But they just really awfully bitter Salty niggaz Hate the smarter ones These are the doubters Whos our bout my run I barely made it out the slums My value high Cause I do more than Rap about a gun I made money for niggaz Ya'll never looking out for none I helped millionaires get to that very position Some real millionaires see that's ill Cause look at statistics Real millionaires And I ain't talking ghetto riches Thorough business You mistreating niggaz Heard your folks bleed in prison You ain't a G And if you was I don't recall Who would roll with ya'll Buncha fucking know it alls Who's dough is small Look what's it come to Our rapport's good no more We was good before Till I saw what type a dude you took me for We had a chance to take paper down What I took was more Because of hatred Opportunity wasted [CHORUS 3  JR. GONG] Your real friends will serve you long Your car and cloths will fade Your real friend wont do you wrong Real friend don't change Eh [VERSE 3  JR. GONG] Your real friend won't run in war Nuh care what the cost is You real friends are in for all the wins and the losses Fi Real! No question at all Them ready fi ri e the tallest Take to the enemies All for one And one for all this Real friend will hear you out No secret feelings Real friends won't sell you out No bargain pleading For real! Always looking out A meal! When outside a drought Your real! Friend won't hide you out No [CHORUS 4  JR. GONG] Your real friends will serve you long When all else fails Your real friend wont do you wrong Real friend don't change [VERSE 4  Nas] May laughter From backstabbers Turn to tears faster I wish for you No snake shall slither past ya You have to Keep your vision clear Cause only a coward lives in fear My surroundings Got only real powerful niggas here Real men we have a code of ethics No question No jealousies No feminine tendencies We expecting No gossip No phony logic No counting your homey pocket Spare no expense for legal defense If your homey locked up No keeping tabs On who was the last who looked out Selfishness That's a character flaw No holding out Yo what happened to the honor You're dealing with Sensitive Pre-Madonna drama Teflon love For my dudes who solid [CHORUS 5  JR. GONG] Your real friends will serve you long Your memories might fade Your real friends will serve you long Sunshine or rain, eh Your real friends will serve you long, woe ya woe When all else fails Your real friends wont do you wrong Real friend don't change [VERSE 5 (bridge)  JR. GONG] Now plentiful Or scantily My cup be full Or emptily With arm in arms We'll all trod on Through destiny A friend that's true Is there for me Respect is due They care for me Should I be down Or even out They're next to me Hey  [CHORUS OUT  JR. GONG] Your real friends will serve you long Your memories might fade Your real friends will serve you long Sunshine or rain, hey Your real friends will serve you long, woe ya woe When all else fails Real friends won't do you wrong Real friend don't change Real friend don't change Real friend don't change Real friend don't change Real friend don't change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Count Your Blessings Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS 1  JR GONG] And I've got studios to voice in And I've got news for rejoicing Now a new sun is rising I count my blessings That I'm safe when I'm resting Furniture in my nesting Not by force I'm suggesting You count your blessings I've got love and assurance I've got new heath insurance I've got strength and endurance So I count my blessings And give thanks to the master That through all the disaster We're still here Together after Better count your blessings [VERSE 1  NAS] Count your blessings Cause yo'  This year Can't wait till he gets here 7/21/09 My first son will shine And it's amazing I'm about to be raising Another made man And like his dad  They'll praise him And some will hate him Just cause we're building a nation Like Bob did with Damian  The world will embrace him Girls will chase him Foresee they will not break him And when I'm not around You look for God And thank him [CHORUS 2  JR GONG] And I've got somewhere to dress for And I've got no need to stress for And so I'll always put my best forth And count my blessings And there'll be no need for tissues Cause there'll be no further issues If you've got someone who miss you Man count your blessings And I've got love and assurance And I've got new heath insurance And I've got strength and endurance So I count my blessings And give thanks to the master That through all the disaster We're still here Together after Better count your blessings [VERSE 2  NAS] You're wishing You were sitting In the top position Picture perfect Nothing less cause you deserve it Without the Hermes You never hurting You knew that you was  Destined for greatness  For certain But see the over zealous They be thirsting Caught up in emotion You're keeping your composure Like Gershwin Songs by Earth, Wind Keep you in a zone Writing verses So when your pocket's light Know that you have a heavy purpose [CHORUS 3  JR GONG] We've got pre-school and day care We've got pension and well-fare And though not all will play the game fair Still I count my blessings I've got joy in abundance I've got life full of substance I've got meetings and functions So I count my blessings I've got something to live for I've got surplus to give more And we're all welcome through his door So I count my blessings And give thanks to the master That through all the disaster We're still here Together after So I count your blessings [VERSE 3  NAS] I think you're looking too hard for it Want the double R  Under your garage door Appreciate the things you work hard for And count your blessing Count your blessings So don't be mad if you ain't fly y'all You got the means  To reach the level I'm on You should know that there's only one Nas Y'all But count your blessing Count your blessing Ra! [CHORUS 4  JR GONG] And I've got studios to voice in And I've got news for rejoicing Now a new son is rising I count my blessings That I'm safe when I'm resting Furniture in my nesting Not by force I'm suggesting You count your blessings I've got love and assurance I've got new heath insurance I've got strength and endurance So I count my blessings And give thanks to the master That through all the disaster We're still here Together after Better count your blessings The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Dispear Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com African Choir Intro [JR. GONG CHORUS 1] Lord! This Spear, huh! Shaka Zulu, Bobo Shanti, Nyabinghi Man a Mau Mau Warrior Despair, eh Fear and desperation no depression can't tarry ya This Spear, hey Ayatollah, Idi Amin, Mennelek Man a Masai Warrior Despair, eh Fear and desperation no depression can't tarry ya This Spear Like BURNING SPEAR AND SUCH AND SUCH BEFORE ME  Who all fought for the cause and This Spear, eh Enforcing all the laws [Nas VERSE 1] The Master of the Masses One has power The other one lacks it Guns are power Controlled by assets Owned by financial forecasters Who are the Masters? They are the Gangsters They are the bankers The ones who tax us The Masses They are us The sheep, the people Divided in classes I go off like a Shite bomb  And All ya'll see I'm on my  War paint on my face, shit My nine mm on my waist, shit I'm a problem Shoot up your place shit Let a few go Then I get low  Blazing Haze again The Masters, The Wall Street War Chiefs The Elitists Groups The Masses They pray to Jesus Saying he will see us through The Masters are the aristocratic The Masses  Ask if the Most High Is On his way here I'm trying to stay clear My mind is my modern day Spear [JR. GONG CHORUS 2] Hey I say... This Spear, huh! Shaka Zulu, Bobo Shanti, Man a Gideon Man a Mau Mau Warrior Despair, eh Fear and desperation no depression can't tarry ya This Spear, hey Through the hands of time and cruel men It has slew more than a billion Despair, eh It keep on suppressing the humble man's opinion [Nas VERSE 2] This lead into Swiss cheese When the 5th squeeze Mislead The media Misleads Scares you to the point Where you miss sleep With that said This lead with this Ruger And that shooter Sub-machine gun Ratta tat through you Copper tops, hollow points Will do ya something bad Our future  Is Mislead Three strikes There's no school When a teacher strikes This economy This monopoly Get no job Just own your property Now it's back to What comes natural Must survive any how you have to Despair, Desperation But I have no fear  When I hold This Spear [JR. GONG BRIDGE] Mek some bwoy know mi nah smile Cause this spear nah beg friends Man a run racket Man a run scheme Man a run race Man a run down Benz Can't trust a she nor we nor eye Inna contact lense Man a run from police And a run down wealth And dollars and nah mek sense [JR. GONG VERSE 3] So, rise up to my defense Hollow pointed is my preference Should have been deterred Don't know what you heard Get referred By the wrong reference When this spear start dispense It a fly and a tear through fence Dismember your members And all of your limbs Body bust inna nuff segments Well, man a run drugs Man a run risk Man all a run out a time and ends Man a run up and down And a run fi dem life  And a run down this month rent  Nutin' nah gwan a yard And food deh a road Then man hafi go touch pavement Despair was a tool That was used to enslave man And mek manservant Escape from Despair and Desperation Becomes more urgent Mankind needs to cleanse and wash out dem soul  With spiritual detergent A distant army A distant relative Controlling the circumference And any man move with no permission They're feeling the circumstance of [JR GONG CHORUS 4] This Spear, hey Shaka Zulu, Bobo Shanti, Man a, eh Man a Mau Mau Warrior Despair, eh! Fear of your recession and depression can't tarry ya This Spear, hey Inner city youth dem rise it up disguised as AK-47 This Spear, eh! And anytime them clap it up the whole city level This Spear Like Burning Spear And such and such before I  Who all fought for the cause and This Spear, eh! They can't ignore me No! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Land of Promise Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [JR GONG INTRO] Now I and I say greetings in the name of The Mighty King And I & I say played by the King love is all I bring And I & I say Africa is I & I responsibility Dreadlocks Yes, Huh! [CHORUS 1 SAMPLE] To the Promise Land Going to The Promise Land Yes the Promise Land O Gosh now To the Promise Land Ye. [VERSE 1 JR GONG] Imagine Ghana like California with Sunset Boulevard Johannesburg would be Miami Somalia like New York With the most pretty light The nuffest pretty car Ever New Year the African Times Square lock-off Imagine Lagos like Las Vegas The Ballers dem a Ball Angola like Atlanta A pure plane take off Bush Gardens inna Mali Chicago inna Chad Magic Kingdom inna Egypt Philadelphia like Sudan The Congo like Colorado Fort Knox inna Gabon People living in Morocco like the state of Oregon Algeria warmer than Arizona bring your sun lotion Early morning class of Yoga on the beach in Senegal Ethiopia the capitol of fi di Congression A deh so I belong A deh di The King come from I can see us all in limos  Jaguars and B'mos [CHORUS 2 SAMPLE] Riding on the King's Highway To the Promise Land Going to the Promise Land O Gosh Ye the Promise Land Yeaha the Promise Land Ooo.  [VERSE 2 NAS] Promised Land I picture Porsches Basquiat Portraits Pinky Rings realistic princesses Heiresses bunch a Kings and Queens  Plus I picture fortunes for kids out in Port-Au-Prince Powerless they not allowed to fit But not about to slip Vision Promised Land with fashion like  Madison Ave Manhattan Saks 5th Ave and Rodeo Relaxing popping labels Promise Land no fables This where the truth's told Use them two holes Above your nose To see the proof yo! Imagine a contraption that could take us back when The world was run by black men  Back to the future Anything can happen If these are the last days And 100-foot waves come crashing down I get some hash and pounds Pass around the bud then watch the flood Can't stop apocalypse My synopsis is catastrophic If satellites is causing earthquakes Will we survive it Honestly man it's the sign of the times And the times at hand [CHORUS 3 SAMPLE] There's alot of work to be done, O gosh In the Promised Land In the Promised Land O Gosh Take me to The Promise Land Ye the Promise Land O Gosh now To the Promise Land Hey [VERSE 3 DENNIS BROWN] There's plenty of land for you and I  Buy and Buy Lost of food to share for everyone No time for segregation [CHORUS 4 SAMPLE] In the Promised Land Yes a to The Promised Land The Promised Land Going to The Promise Land Ooo There's a lot of work to be done in the Promise Land The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: In His Own Words Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS 1 STEPHEN MARLEY] JAH TOLD YOU  IN HIS OWN WORDS "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" TO GUIDE YOU  THROUGH THIS COLD WORLD "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" JAH TOLD YOU  IN HIS OWN WORDS "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" TO GUIDE YOU  THROUGH THIS COLD WORLD "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" [VERSE 1 NAS] Two steps away from death A vest and a holster I detest detectives arresting us over Weapons possession They was checking the Rover Inspecting the Tattoos On my neck and my shoulder How many times I'm one of six Coffin holders Or I'm Sitting with goons in the visiting rooms Flip it I could have been you Behind state walls biddin' These are the things that a G pray for Acquit us A little stash in the safe or Little Shorty to wait for him Or a Shorty to take the weight for him  What really did I escape from? Thought I saw Gods face On the design in my vintage Claiborne Swear I see Him every day ya'll In a bus or the train or The billboards out there that hang tall I still give thanks for Him Have faith for Him No matter what His name's called Seen! [CHORUS 2 STEPHEN MARLEY] JAH TOLD YOU  IN HIS OWN WORDS "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" TO GUIDE YOU  THROUGH THIS COLD WORLD "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" [VERSE 2 JR. GONG] Can you think of a color that you never seen? Can you reminisce on places you never been? Well is many are called But them never deemed Worthy for the cause Cause them never clean Help who help themselves Jah nuh raffle dream That's why me chummy with Jah Jah Like a Cherubim Keep we strong through the winter Like an Evergreen And all of us are more connected Than it ever seemed All things are related And creation is a package Generate together And we increase the wattage A how them a go manage? Tell Babylon them can't do Rasta damage Nor stop we through the passage Jah did make a promise God is always honest Always keeps his word Yow nuh care what the plan is Don't be astonished Stumbling bocks vanish One day the meek gonna live inna di palace, Woah! [CHORUS x2 STEPHEN MARLEY] JAH TOLD YOU  IN HIS OWN WORDS "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" TO GUIDE YOU  THROUGH THIS COLD WORLD "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" [VERSE 3 NAS] Some ask me if I feel That Zion is surreal And in my songs  Do I plan to expose and reveal Word to the curb That's under these chrome wheels My homies is the only ones I'm taking care of But severe reality starts to become more clear And these know-it-all rappers Have become more weird As if they were superior And fans are inferior How I balance between the streets and the theories of Collegiate literature  I hold mirrors up Give combinations of pain, joy, fear and love Through my perspective  I can see Jah reflection In the highest definition Getting high with my bredrin Then I ask him why is Africans dying from circumcision They lack proper surgeons and suffer malnutrition Underestimate the wealth of their own wisdom Its like its been exchanged for this penicillin Seen [CHORUS 4 x2 STEPHEN MARLEY] JAH TOLD YOU  IN HIS OWN WORDS "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" TO GUIDE YOU  THROUGH THIS COLD WORLD "AND I'LL SEE YOU THROUGH" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley  Album: Distant Relatives Song: Nah Mean Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [INTRO] Tougher than concrete Eh bwoy Go labbajuice Watch ya Check it! Boom [VERSE 1  JR.GONG] You Nah Mean Mi dip out a whole fourteen Nah Mean And reload man extra magazine Nah Mean A wounded them housing scheme Nah Mean Nuff a dem a move sideways and lean Nah Mean Can't come bout when man deh in Nah Mean We nuh like dem colonial regime Nah Mean Ethiopian nuh like Mussoline Nah Mean Mi Queen hafi rock and come in Nah Mean And jump pon mi big trampoline Nah Mean And boost up her self-esteem Nah Mean Nuff a wonder how man kitchen so clean Nah Mean And which recipe dat a steam Nah Mean The lyrics dem a flow like a stream Nah Mean Mek you feel like you living in a dream Nah Mean It come to the crop man a cream Nah Mean It come to discipline man a Dean Nah Mean Mi tougher than a Hummer limousine Nah Mean We stepping we fresh and we clean Nah Mean I burn the stinkest of green Nah Mean Better listen up careful and keen Nah Mean A Puppa Nas a rock and come in Nah Mean [VERSE 2 NAS] We celebrate like I finished probation Boy Boy Notty Head with no chaser Boy Boy From the mouth I can spit out a razor Boy Boy Open up your facial like your boy Roy In his prime Eat food  Dinnertime Jr. Gong pass the Guinness Handle business Black Velvet sippers Females never bid us farewell They with us Cause we arrive on the scene Just like a high beam Nah Mean Don't let us have to make the 9 scream Nah Mean At your racial Policing Regime Nah Mean Spiritual like a Elohim Nah Mean In a casino or a yacht Wherever I'm seen My brothers and sisters are never forgot Nah Mean Don't wanna hear another soldier drop Nah Mean Another dope addict get shot with the morphine And Feds are indicting my block Nah Mean They're wearing Red from they shoes to they top Nah Mean I'm wishing that all the violence would stop Nah Mean [VERSE 3 JR GONG] We nuh like the sound of siren Nah Mean And some bwoy soft like ice cream Nah Mean From a bwoy mek the Feds intervene Nah Mean We send a bwoy go tek intravene Nah Mean Parabellum dem a itch up inna spleen Nah Mean Inna Queens Gunman reign Supreme Nah Mean Kingstonians are real blood fiends Nah Mean The world is a big crime scene Nah Mean [CHORUS/BRIDGE] Yo Yo Mr. President What you doing for my residence? Yo Mr. Minister Why you being sinister? Yo Yo Mr. President What you doing for my residence? Yo Mr. Minister Why you being sinister? [VERSE 4 JR GONG] Se Man a di real Buffalo inna Rastafari Regime Bush Bungalow is where mi dwell with mi Queen Trash to the bone down inna camouflage green Nuff a dem that can't go the places we been Nuff a dem that can't see the sights whe we seen That's why them face all a twist up and a lean Nah Mean Dem better mine we kick it off clean Nah Mean Man a Gangster just like Gambine Dat Mean Dem can't serve Congo Dread court supine Nah Mean A who you want come in convene Nah Mean Attorney have to rock and come in Nah Mean Mi pocket dem green like spurlene Nah Mean Mi regular fly out and fly in Nah Mean The stadium pack like sardine Nah Mean Can't catch mi speed a fassy hole need caffeine Nah Mean Run out a breath and antihistamine Nah Mean Wash over gold dem come in like Listerine Nah Mean You think a lie we badder than Al Pacine Nah Mean [VERSE 5 NAS] It's Genocide It's a Genocide It's a Genocide It's Genocide 5th Floor cooking raw  Had my own supply Cause of capitalist ways That was back in the days So now I do rap and it pays The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley Album: Distant Relatives Song: Patience Typed by: mithrazor@yahoo.com [Nas Talking - Intro] Here we are here we are Yeah This one right here is for the people [Hook] (Sample -MAMADOU & MARIAM, "SABALI") Sabali, Sabali, Sabali, yonkont Sabali, Sabali, Sabali, kiye Ni kra mg Sabali, Sabali, Sabali, yonkont Sabali, Sabali, Sabali, kagni Ni kra mg [Nas Talking] Ay yo D. Lets go all the way on this one. [Damian Marley - Verse 1] Some of the smartest dummies Can't read the language of Egyptian mummies An' a fly go a moon And can't find food for the starving tummies Pay no mind to the youths Cause it's not like the future depends on it But save the animals in the zoo Cause the chimpanzee dem a make big money This is how the media pillages On the TV the picture is Savages in villages And the scientist still can't explain the pyramids, huh Evangelists making a living on the videos of ribs of the little kids Stereotyping the image of the images And this is what the image is You buy a khaki pants And all of a sudden you say a Indiana Jones An' a thief out gold and thief out the scrolls and even the buried bones Some of the worst paparazzis I've ever seen and I ever known Put the worst on display so the world can see And that's all they will ever show So the ones in the west Will never move east And feel like they could be at home Dem get tricked by the beast But a where dem ago flee when the monster is fully grown? Solomonic linage whe dem still can't defeat and them coulda never clone My spiritual DNA that print in my soul and I will forever Own Lord [Hook] [Nas talking] Yeah, Sabali. Thats patience. That's what the old folks told me... Discovering the World before this World. A World buried in time Uncover with rhymes. It gets no realer [Damian Marley: Verse 2] Huh, we born not knowing, are we born knowing all? We growing wiser, are we just growing tall? Can you read thoughts? can you read palms? Huh, can you predict the future? can you see storms, coming? The Earth was flat if you went too far you would fall off Now the Earth is round if the shape change again everybody woulda start laugh The average man can't prove of most of the things that he chooses to speak of And still won't research and find out the root of the truth that you seek of Scholars teach in Universities and claim that they're smart and cunning Tell them find a cure when we sneeze and that's when their nose start running And the rich get stitched up, when we get cut Man a heal dem broken bones in the bush with the wed mud Can you read signs? can you read stars? Can you make peace? can you fight war? Can you milk cows, even though you drive cars? huh Can you survive, Against All Odds, Now? [Hook] [Nas talking] It's crazy when you feed people the truth you don't know how they're gonna react You're scared of wrong doers, people that just ignorant You're scared of the truth, be patient for now [Nas: Verse 3] Who wrote the Bible? Who wrote the Qur'an? And was it a lightning storm That gave birth to the Earth And then dinosaurs were born? damn Who made up words? who made up numbers? And what kind of spell is mankind under? Everything on the planet we preserve and can it Microwaved it and try it No matter what we'll survive it What's hue? what's man? what's human? Anything along the land we consuming Eatin', deletin', ruin Trying to get paper Gotta have land, gotta have acres So I can sit back like Jack Nicholson Watch n-ggas play the game like the lakers In a world full of 52 fakers Gypsies, seances, mystical prayers You superstitious? throw salt over your shoulders Make a wish for the day cuz Like somebody got a doll of me Stickin' needles in my arteries But I can't feel it Sometimes it's like 'pardon me, but I got a real big spirit' I'm fearless.... I'm fearless Don't you try and grab hold of my soul It's like a military soldier since seven years old I held real dead bodies in my arms Felt their body turn cold, oh Why we born in the first place If this is how we gotta go? Damn This goes to all the wisdom and knowledge seekers of the World Sabali, Patience, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley f/ Lil Wayne Album: Distant Relatives Song: My Generation Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [CHORUS] My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change  My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change [VERSE 1 JR GONG] Now mi love fi see the schoolas dem a graduate A study hard and save the party for the holidays Diplomatic with dem Diploma  And them bound fi great Because dem nah pick up no matic and a perpetrate And then I love the energies whe dem a generate My Generation it so special it will make a change Because the elders sew the seed and it a germinate So anytime dem see the progress dem a celebrate Because we rising up despite of the economy And then a we a star the show like the astronomy And how we keep on breaking through is an anomaly Because we keep remaining true without apology The mission ha to carry through and finish properly Say Gambia to Guadeloupe Paris to Napoli Say Zambia to Honolulu back to Tripoli And everybody want a future living happily [CHORUS] My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change  My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change [VERSE 2 NAS] Can you blame my generation Subjected gentrification Depicting they're frustrations Over ill instrumentation Cause music is the way to convey to you what I'm facing Placing my life in-front of your eye for your observation Now if you can't relate then maybe you are too complacent Athletes today are scared to make Mohammad Ali statements What's up with tomorrow? Will you lead will you follow? Improve you values Education is real power I reach 'em like Bono So get rid of your self-sorrow Add some bravado Get wealthy like Wells Fargo It's true that I am you And I am proof Surviving through We do what we got to do Yow we can break the cycle Let nobody lie to you Then maybe put our sons and our daughters in private school Cause there's a mission we gotta finish before we leave This generation is destined to do historic deeds [CHORUS] My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change  My Generation will make a change This Generation will make a change [VERSE 3 LIL WAYNE] If you weather that storm Then that Rain bring Sun Been a long time coming I know change go' come Man I gotta keep it moving To the beat of my drum Last night I set the future  At the feet of my son But they thinking that my Generation Gotta die young If we all come together Then they can't divide one Don't worry 'bout it Just be about it Got a message from God Heaven too crowded But I say  Hey Young World! You never looked better And I heard change start With the man in the mirror Uh! This Generation I'm a represent A generation led by a Black President Now how's that for change? Who knew that could change? I don't even look at the flag the same  Heak, Uh! So when you finish reading Revelations Thank God for my Generation The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Damian Marley f/ K'naan Album: Distant Relatives Song: Africa Must Wake Up Typed by: eclipse_leo@msn.com [Intro: Jr. Gong] Morning to you man Morning to you love Hey, I say I say [Chorus 2x] Africa must wake up The sleeping sons of Jacob For what tomorrow may bring May a better day come Yesterday we were Kings Can you tell me young ones Who are we today [Nas: Verse 1] The black oasis Ancient Africa the sacred Awaken the sleeping giant Science, Art is your creation I dreamt that we could visit Old Kemet Your history is too complex and ridig For some western critics They want the whole subject diminished But Africa's the origin of all the world's religions We praised bridges that carried us over The battle front of Sudanic soldiers The task put before us [Chorus 2x] [Nas: Verse 2] Who are we today? The slums,deceases, AIDS We need all that to fade We cannot be afraid So who are we today? We are the morning after The make shift youth The slave ship captured Our Diaspora, is the final chapter The ancetral lineage built pyramids Americas first immigrant The Kings sons and daughters from Nile waters The first architect, the first philosophers, astronomers The first prophets and doctors was [Bridge: Jr.Gong] Now can we all pray Each in his own way Teaching and Learning And we can work it out We'll have a warm bed We'll have some warm bread And shelter from the storm dread And we can work it out Mother Nature feeds all In famine and drought Tell those selfish in ways Not to share us out What's a tree without root Lion without tooth A lie without truth you hear me out Africa must wake up The sleeping sons of Jacob For what tomorrow may bring May a better day come Yesterday we were Kings Can you tell me young ones Who are we today Ye lord Africa must wake up The sleeping sons of Jacob For what tomorrow may bring May some more love come Yesterday we were Kings I'll tell you young blood This world is yours today [K'naan] [Somali] Dadyahow daali waayey, nabada diideen Oo ninkii doortay dinta, waadinka dillee Oo dal markii ladhiso, waadinka dunshee Oo daacad ninkii damcay, waadinka dooxee Dadyahow daali waayey, nabada diideen Oo ninkii doortay dinta, waadinka dillee Oo dal markii ladhiso, waadinka dunshee Oo daacad ninkii damcay, waadinka dooxee [translation] Oh ye people restless in the refusal of peace and when a man chooses religion, aren't you the one's to kill him? and when a country is built, aren't you the one's to tear it down? and when one attempts to tell the truth, aren't you the one's to cut him down? [Damian Marley] Who are we today? Morning to you Morning to you man Morning to you love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: No Introduction Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League} [Nas] PS 111 had free lunch, embarrassed but managed to get a plate... We was kids hungry, mom's workin, I was famished, she gettin home late... So I decided now I'm in charge, either stay full or starve Corner store like, "Mister, spare a quarter"  Before Air Jordans, Kareem Abdul-Jabbars  Tryin to cop quarters and tryin to move that hard  Roll with a shooter squad How could I not succumb? How could I not partake? Fifteen I got a gun, sixteen I robbed a train Licked off a shot for fun, what's got inside my brain? A hustler's job ain't done, 'til he becomes a king But I'm a righteous son, despite I'm in the mist of dudes who switch up and change, they want to carry me  like I'm some kind of lame, I never let 'em though I just forgive them though, either that or the pistol blow "Say YEAH~! Haha, thank ya! Ahhh, Hallelujah!   Y'all don't hear me now! Somebody help me!" [Nas] I remember early mornings, syrup sandwiches, sugar water, yeah... Walkin up the dark stairwells, elevators was out of order, yeah.. Worth two hundred million now, +Bicentennial Nigga+  Flat screens and condominiums, Brazilian women on Xannies  They pullin off panties, I'm pushin forty She only twenty-one, don't applaud me - I'm exhausted, G Me and my red cup, my blunt and my red cup Y'all wouldn't know me without one, I keep a fresh cut Remember talkin to Biggie inside his Lex truck Said, "Stay fly when you bummy, keep your pajamas Armani" Hood forever, I just act like I'm civilized Really what's in my mind is organizin a billion Black motherfuckers and take over J.P. and Morgan, Goldman and Sachs And teach the world facts and give Saudi they oil back "Say YEAH~! Haha, thank ya! Ahhh, Hallelujah!   Y'all don't hear me now! Somebody help me!" [Nas] 1990s' Polo Ralph Lauren on him Gone a few years, the whole world snorin on him Girls all up on him, I spread 'em, hit 'em and dead 'em She says, third leg from a legend is sheer heaven She says, "It is the greatest loving"  The tales you hear is the truth on me, who wasn't the most faithful husband Reveal my life, you will forgive me You will love me, hate me, judge me, relate to me Only a few will, this how it sounds when you too real They think it's just music still Well, I am a graphic classic song composer Music notes on sheets, I wrote this piece to get closure Some of y'all might know Kelis, this goes to her with love Also goes to y'all, let's see The craziest things already happened to me So either you'll be laughin at me or you're laughin with me, ha!  "Say YEAH~! Haha, thank ya! Ahhh, Hallelujah!   Y'all don't hear me now! Somebody help me! Artist: Nas f/ Large Professor Album: Life Is Good Song: Loco-Motive Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (Oooooh-ooooh-oooooooh, 42nd Street Terminal) [Nas] Yo, yo, I live it and I speak it, my religion is reefer Big money'n to most, an uninhibited freak to sleep with My visions are realistic, nothing is figurative I can wish it into existence, God want this nigga to live Blunt big as a dread, I get high and forget who bled Who we stomp, kicked in the head, and who we left for dead Who are you niggaz? Why argue, niggaz? The truth is the truth, I really put my scars on niggaz They wear them lifetime, they tell they hoes, Nas did this Pointin to they scars like, "Right here, baby, really Nas did this" Like a badge of honor, not braggin I'm just honest War stories we tell 'em, nothing's realer than karma Sip prohibition liquor, prohibition whiskey Rap Jack Dempsey, matte black Bentley, pimply Shatterin your silence, passing round the chalice Due to my Indian ancestry at the weed dispensery Official kings and gents is who I mix and mingle with Fuck your ice, I rock rubies - amethyst I'll fuck your wife cause she a groupie - scandalous This for my bad hood bitches, ghetto glamorous [Interlude: Large Professor] Yo, what we talkin 'bout niggaz? What we talkin 'bout niggaz? This is NAS~! (Whoa!) NAS~! (Whoa!) Nasty, (Whoa!) recollect, muh'fucker [Nas] At seventeen I made seventeen thousand livin in public housing Integrity intact, reppin hard  They askin how he disappear and reappear back on top Sayin Nas must have naked pictures of God or something To keep winnin is +My Way+ like Francis As long as I'm breathin, I'll take chances A soldier comin home, twenty years old with no legs Sayin there's no sense to cry and complain, just go 'head So much to write and say, yo I don't know where to start So I'll begin with the basics and flow from the heart I know you think my life is good cause my diamond piece But my life been good since I started findin peace I shouldn't even be smilin, I should be angry and depressed I been rich longer than I been broke, I confess I started out broke, got rich, lost paper then made it back Like Trump bein up-down-up, play with cash [Interlude: Large Professor] My niggaz like a locomotive! NAS! We push it, mush 'em! Queensbridge to Bushwick (You don't know) Harlem (You don't know), Bronx (You don't know), all that (You don't know) You ain't even supposed to BE out here, you know where you at? [Nas] At night, New York, eat a slice too hot Use my tongue to tear the skin hangin from the roof of my mouth Shit was Felissimo, melted pot, city swelterin hot Staggerin, drunker than those cops that Tupac shot {*gunshot*} I was a crook by the train with that iron thing, concealed Reachin, soon as I heard them iron wheels screechin When it came to a halt whoever walked off got caught Token man safe behind a locked door for sure Minor thief shit, minor league shit, beastin Lookin for the juks young, but now we older chiefin In my truck, play "The Greatest Adventures of Slick Rick" Buggin on how his imagination was so sick It's ghetto beef, sinister niggaz snicker through yellow teeth Alcohol aging my niggas faster than felonies How dare I? Must be, something in the air that, corrupts me Look at my upkeep, owned and sublease, I'm here y'all [Outro: Nas] This for my trapped-in-the-90s' niggaz ...FOR MY TRAPPED-IN-THE-90S' NIGGAZ! Ha, for y'all niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: A Queens Story Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Nas] Uh, rest in peace to Black Just Ridin through Jamaica Queens in his black truck Timbs was forty below, waves to the side of his dome Definition of GOOD nigga, yo Gangsters don't die, niggaz only become immortal Angels don't only fly, they walk right before you, in front of you  It's foul what this money could do, cash corrupts the loyal I hung with E-Money too, the fuckin truth!  Fuckin with Stretch from Live Squad I could've DIED the same night that Stretch died I just got out of his ride He dropped me off and drove to Springfield November 30th, another Queens king killed, it fucked me up, y'all! I was just tryin to make it with Steve Stoute The legal way, drug-free route Back in the days, they was sleepin on us Brooklyn keep on takin it, Manhattan keep on makin it Tryin to leave Queens out But we was pullin them Beems out, them M3's out Pumpin bringin them D's out Rastas sellin chocolate weed inside of a weed house Colosseum downstairs, gold teeth mouth Astoria warriors, 8th Street, twin buildings Vernon, can't even count the Livingston children Justice in Ravenswood, nice neighborhood Caught sleepin out there, be a wrap though Bridge niggaz, be up in Petey's ten racks, yo A simple bet on a serious cash flow Get money Manolo, welcome home Castro Queensbridge unified all I ask for Let's do it for DU, say waddup to Snatch, yo I just salute REAL niggaz when I pass through Uh... [Nas] Niggaz is very hungry for that bank robbery Bury money, tryin to get to a Benz from a Hyundai The Queens Courthouse right next to the cemetery Niggaz rap sheets look like obituaries You be starvin in Kew Gardens Bolognas and milk from a small carton You could still feel chills from the team On 118, my nigga Ben fly by like it's a dream His face on his Shirt Kings Laced in a pinky ring, in his black Benz murkin Back when Black Rock & Ron was on the map Cheeba in yellow sacks, dope sold in laundromats Thugs bark, gettin amped from weed Over the heart of champions, see Ever since back then, a nigga been about the dough ("You all know how the story GO~!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Rick Ross Album: Life Is Good Song: Accident Murderers Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Nas] You cocked back You thought you had it planned, you thought you had your man He saw you comin, he ran when you tried to blast that man Missed him by inches, he sprinted, some of his boys  on the corner was who your bullets entered Two of 'em pull through but one didn't, son's finished You took the life of him The part about it that's crazy, you was aight with him Tight with him, why was he in the way? Why was he standin next to the enemy that specific day? His style never hollers loud, stays reclusive Good dude, got that look, like he always about to do shit Side of his mouth toothpick, one eyebrow raised Got into it with dude who still tryin to live out, his old wild-out days They never had no probs Somehow they rubbed each other wrong like a bad massage These two different personalities had to collide Niggaz could not aim and innocent niggaz died, you ask why cause of a... [Chorus: Nas] Accident murderer, act like you killed on purpose Liars brag, you put work in You ain't mean to murk him, your gun's a virgin Streets are full of them, read the bulletin Accident murderer... You just a accident murderer... [Rick Ross] We grew up doin graffiti, now hollows is gettin heated Seated in foreign cars, constantly gettin weeded Proceeded to count profits, I know they got on binoculars But fuck 'em all, we ballin 'til they come lock us up (Uh!) Twenty to life, I'm clubbin, blowin twenty tonight We the mob, Bob Marley Marl'n all through the night Addicted to wealth, never cold turkey to war Snatch a tec off the shelf, live forever that's Insh'Allah! UH~! Memoirs of a rich nigga (Whoo!) Sweat suits, gold chains, old drug dealers (Whoo!) New Benz, chrome rims are for show killa (Whoo!) You niggaz accidental, choppers in back of the limo Pay your tithes, stay alive, cain't be dodgin my clique {M-M-Maybach Music} Cut a check, I use your bitch for some bargainin chips In a hole sell your home, nigga go sell your soul This .45 in control, +God Forgives and I Don't+ [Interlude: Nas] Accident murderer.....  Accident murderer.. You just an accident murderer.... [Nas] Yo...  For my nigga that got killed, got hit up Vodka spills on the concrete, light a swisha, we miss ya And for that girl who never made it home, shot in the dome How they gon' kill that beautiful sista? Violent adolescents, homicidal with weapons Not a lot of knowledge inside of they minds  and I'm guessin, tell me who you impressing?! Shooters I knew them when they was babies, I used to test 'em Make 'em throw up they hands, yolk 'em up, playin and wrestling Watch 'em grow to a man, I see 'em now they reppin But they cold-blooded, homie, wonderin where the respect went Can't play with these lil' niggaz, gangsta lil' niggaz Can't hang with these lil' niggaz, they kill and they reckless Wish I could build with him, but will he change really? Some real killers, I think of Wayne Perry Think of my nigga Drawz, but you ain't a name to me You ain't mean to kill him, it wasn't necessary [Chrous] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: Daughters Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Check it out I call it.. Yeah, yeah.. I call it -- shit for niggaz with daughters I call this -- shit for niggaz with daughters I call this -- shit for niggaz with daughters I call this -- shit for niggaz with daughters [Nas] I saw my daughter send a letter to a boy her age who locked up First I regret it, then I caught my rage like "How could I not protect her from this awful phase?" Never try to hide who I was, she was taught and raised like a princess, but while I'm on stage, I can't leave her defenseless Plus she seen me switchin women, pops is on some pimp shit She heard stories of her daddy thuggin So if her husband is a gangsta, can't be mad, I'll love him - never! For her, I want better, homie in jail, dead that Wait 'til he come home, you can see where his head's at Niggaz got game, they be tryin ta live He seen ya mama crib, plus I'm SURE he know who your father is Although you real, PLUS an honest kid Don't think I'm slow, I know you probably had that chronic lit You seventeen, I got a problem with it She look at me like I'm not the cleanest father figure but she rockin with it This for niggaz with daughters I call this -- shit for niggaz with daughters Yo, not sayin that our sons are less important... Shit for niggaz with daughters I call this -- shit for niggaz with daughters I call it.. not sayin that our sons are less important... [Nas] This morning I got a call nearly split my wig The social network said, "Nas, go and get ya kid" She's on Twitter, I know she ain't gon' post no pic of herself underdressed, no inappropriate shit, right? Her mother cried when she answered Said she don't know what's got inside this child's mind She planted, a box of condoms on the dresser then she Instagrammed it At this point I realized I ain't the strictest parent I'm too loose, I'm too cool with her Shoulda drove on time to school with her I thought I dropped enough jewels on her Took her from private school, so she can get a balance to public school, they too nurture teen talents They grow fast, one day she's your little princess Next day, she's talkin boy business, what is this? They say the coolest playas and foulest heartbreakers in the world God gets us back, He make us have precious little girls  Uh~! [Outro: Nas] And I ain't tryna mess your thing up But I just wanna see you dream up I finally understand It ain't easy to raise a girl as a single man, nah  The way mothers feel for they sons how fathers feel for they daughters When he date, he straight, chip off his own papa When she date, we wait behind the door with a sawed-off 'cause we think no one is good enough for our daughters Love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Life Is Good Song: Reach Out Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Nas] DJ Hot Day! [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] This kinda love! Is a once in a lifetime groove!  Reach out and touch! The love that I have for you! Awww baby! [Verse One: Mary J. Blige] I see you standin there, so lost and all alone I wanna take you in my arms, and tell you that your home I look into your eyes, I said I know ya very well I see a mirror of my life, a reflection of myself [Verse Two: Nas] 3:45AM can't sleep, can't dream, I'm stuck Money problems pop up, how will I survive Guess it's best to decide not decide, so that's my decision Whatever happens happen, I keep makin my millions Could see myself in presidential campaign dinners But I pass the blunts around a bunch of gang members When your too hood to be in them Hollywood circles  And your too rich to be in that hood that birthed you And you become better than legends you thought were the greatest And outgrow women you loved and thought you would stay with Life become clearer when you wipe down your mirror And leave notes around for yourself to remember  I like to teach and build With brothers about how easy it is to reach a mil, all you need is a skill Then it's grind time Imagination better than knowledge says Einstein, it's all in the mind Nasty to nicest, I'm somewhat of a psychic  Just a minute after it's heard, you all will recite it You all a repeat it, so call me a genius  If you didn't now that I said I forced you to think it Writin my little vignettes, sippin Moet Bitch when you vision me you vision the best When I was young they call me Olu son, now he's Nas father I was the good seed, he was the wise gardener [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] This kinda love! Is a once in a lifetime groove!  Reach out and touch! The love that I have for you! Awww baby! [Verse Three: Nas] Yo! Beautiful life often I dreamed that I could bring my niggas Conservatives don't understand slang linguistics  The 'burbs talkin like the hood will change with quickness Love the skinny model chicks but I prefer the thickness So what I rap about my riches and I'm ostentatious  Get out of gangsta business seem to me your thoughts are basic  Try to compare what you live to the life I master See the fly shit I wear you try to rock it after Big bracelets, golden Egyptian faces White wine swishes in Switzerland on vacation The strip club scene favors Josephine Baker  Dope fiend neighbors growin up I've seen paper I describe it, hope you could visualize it This is reminiscent to all the parks in the projects When My British Knights can rival your foam pauses Don't make me pull my Lottos out the closet Ha Ha! [Chorus: Mary J. Blige] This kinda love! Is a once in a lifetime groove!  Reach out and touch! The love that I have for you! Awww baby! [Outro: Mary J. Blige] I see you standin there, so lost and all alone I wanna take you in my arms, and tell you that your home I look into your eyes, I said I know ya very well I see a mirror of my life, a reflection of myself You remind me! Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!! Yes it's true baby!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Life is Good Song: World's An Addiction Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Anthony Hamilton] Lies... and the pain Betrayal... life [Anthony Hamilton] In danger's face Look what you're facing, gave your heart away And all the remedies couldn't ease the pain All the hurt and betrayal, need to get away... In a world so cold You gain the life just to lose your soul Never thinking twice 'bout what the future holds All the lies and the games not worth fighting for [Chorus: Anthony Hamilton] The world is an addiction Serving up our fix The world is an addiction Way too much for me [Nas] Snitches and rapists in the street, crime to the fullest Askin niggaz if they got any extra nine bullets They deny me that, they know the bullets they loan me be the same ones that probably had them lyin flat stretched out - letter T It's better to dead a beef than let it breathe, then we don't succeed Cause then you gotta murder dummies, waste your time, they allergic to money I'm never squirmish to blood, we can thug, it get out of hand What's the options? Only conclusion is shooting Bullets poppin, hoodlums droppin Fear any day that the feds will come knockin Was young and nervous, askin myself what's my purpose In the back of a paddy wagon, bracelets achin me Pigs ignorin, I'm askin what precinct they taking me... These cops can't relate to me Death to prison, empty vacancy [Nas] Thou shall not be selfish, real nigga commandments Know a billionaire, he has everything but a fam Guess, how angry this man gets Had so many bad chicks in his bed Strange sex, same sex Has addictions that are sadistic Chain of events, habits He puts cocaine on his prick and acts sick Self-esteem needs boostin, alcohol consumption Nicotine fusion, some athletes juicin Pastors quote biblical chapters, Psalms All along he's into bestiality porn And it's wrong, so I keep the Cali weed in the bong And I'm strong but the female anatomy got me sprung And these women need shoes and baddest cars and condos Fine clothes, and these fiends needs  to get high so they find dough, to mainline dope, and y'all know... [Nas] So many vices, habits, mine of course: bad chicks My response to any advice on what is the essentials of life I'm just rebellious, not selfish Guess we all share different definitions of what wealth is I need the best things in life, that's women, that's cars Cigars in Venice, bottle on ice, that's priceless The other night, just in the emergency room A patient said she needs to see a doctor soon Doctor busy operating on a lady who's sedated He can barely concentrate, cause he's newly separated His estranged wife likes entertainin her acquaintance In the house they were married in, mad people waitin Some young some old, heads and stomachs achin Fillin out an application cause they all need medication But the doctor need love or a quick, vacation Callin up his travel agent Same time, premedidating murdering his ex-wife Life, savage ain't it? Some need Xanax just to maintain it We all need faith cause the world keep changing Let go of the illusion, start some restraining [Outro: Anthony Hamilton] Oooooooooooh-ahhhhhhhhh.... Ahhhhhhhh-ahhhhhh-ahhhhhh...ahhh.. Just hold on (Just hold on) {7x} Just hold on (...hold on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Miguel, Swizz Beatz Album: Life Is Good Song: Summer On Smash Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Miguel] Bad bitches, champagne wishes Freaks only baby let me take pictures [Nas] (Miguel): Life is good! Life is good!  (Life is good! Life is good!) Life is good! (Life is good! Li-Life is good!) Swizzy! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (*Miguel) Ciroc on splash (Splash) Summer on smash (Smash) Top all gone got the summer on smash Tank top on (On) Summer on smash My neck got a whole lotta glass Got the summer on smash, summer on smash Y'all know who got the summer on smash (We do!) Look at baby girl, showin that ass Should let the world know that summer on smash Got the summer on smash, summer on smash (*Life is good! Life is good!) Everybody get the summer on smash (*Life is good! Li-Life is good!) We got the summer on smash (Smash) Summer on smash (Smash) Y'all know who got the summer on smash (*Life is good!) (We do!) [Verse One: Nas] We got the summer on smash, eighteen cats Lil' overweight hit the gym let's go get the abs And, Louis belt hangs on the waist it ain't fasten I'm tryin to get every number from every woman passin me by She's fly, black asian boriqua Italian mixed chicks middle eastern, arichian Ethiopian how ya openin Just roll forward I'm 'bout to smoke again Rose gold rollie ridin the top down Hottest pools and bathin suits on the yachts now  Send a massive email to the females Tell 'em where to meet us give 'em the details [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (*Miguel) Ciroc on splash (Splash) Summer on smash (Smash) Top all gone got the summer on smash Tank top on (On) Summer on smash My neck got a whole lotta glass Got the summer on smash, summer on smash Y'all know who got the summer on smash (We do!) Look at baby girl, showin that ass Should let the world know that summer on smash Got the summer on smash, summer on smash (*Life is good! Life is good!) Everybody get the summer on smash (*Life is good! Li-Life is good!) We got the summer on smash (Smash) Summer on smash (Smash) Y'all know who got the summer on smash (*Life is good!) (We do!) [Verse Two: Nas] The jam here check it, this is summertime Women damn near naked, it's single season they chosin who to mess with I just smashed another belt for the record, respect it Nas get you out your seats, play this in your jeeps My people in the streets I make you feel like It's the beat My goons close by darin one of y'all to reach I'm protected like the President ain't gotta give a speech  Got a compus on the wrist, Illmatic on the seats And they ain't even out yet she like Ciroc peach Chain smoke cigars count a whole 'lot of cash And y'all already know who got the summer on smash [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (*Miguel) Ciroc on splash (Splash) Summer on smash (Smash) Top all gone got the summer on smash Tank top on (On) Summer on smash My neck got a whole lotta glass Got the summer on smash, summer on smash Y'all know who got the summer on smash (We do!) Look at baby girl, showin that ass Should let the world know that summer on smash Got the summer on smash, summer on smash (*Life is good! Life is good!) Everybody get the summer on smash (*Life is good! Li-Life is good!) We got the summer on smash (Smash) Summer on smash (Smash) Y'all know who got the summer on smash (*I gotta do somethin kinda unepected huh?) (We do!) [Bridge: Miguel] Bad bitches, champagne wishes Freaks only baby let me take pictures Skin....sin, wait do you know who's pool your in (What!) Beaches in Brazil (What!) Steaks on the grill (What!) Your body is a weapon that you can't conceal  Real big money when the freaks come  Summer on mars it's totally +Total Recall+ Like oooh la vita she wanna flyyyy!!! Caliente!! Mami vente vente call me we gone!!!! Why yooooooooooooooo!!!! [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] (*Miguel) Ciroc on splash (Splash) Summer on smash (Smash) Top all gone got the summer on smash Tank top on (On) Summer on smash My neck got a whole lotta glass Got the summer on smash, summer on smash Y'all know who got the summer on smash (We do!) Look at baby girl, showin that ass Should let the world know that summer on smash Got the summer on smash, summer on smash (*Life is good! Life is good!) Everybody get the summer on smash (*Life is good! Li-Life is good!) We got the summer on smash (Smash) Summer on smash (Smash) Y'all know who got the summer on smash (*Life is good!) (We do!) [Outro: Miguel] Life is good! Life is good! Life is good! Li-Life is good! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Victoria Monet Album: Life Is Good Song: You Wouldn't Understand Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Nas] Yeah! Harlem! Bronx! Brooklyn! [Verse One: Nas] Let's make a bet I know the reason you ain't make it yet You say you set but you ain't see the tedious ingredients  That go inside of a rider you hidin for problems  And, you never knew how to make dollars You couldn't make orders at a drive through McDonald's I was fly at the Apollo with Black Jason '89 with a bottle Niggas jealous of Jason dark green seven forty no tint Rollie on wrist gleamin he rocked the baldy Used to ride with him to Brooklyn, Louis and Halsey Copped chocolate tie, burnin style and burn it down My nigga hype in the federal joint verdict out 20 years gettin money in the dirty south That's alleged, you see my nigga a stand up dude So I'm yellin free my nigga My nephew godfather Malik, he jammed up too For what his hands usually call for but he ain't do it [Chorus: Victoria Monet] Who you are, ain't in the recipe of what I am 'Cause where I'm from, and what I see you wouldn't understand Where I been, and what I do, no matter how you try you never can 'Cause where I'm from, and what I see you wouldn't understand Where I been, where I been [Verse Two: Nas] You ever been on the other end of a robber's revolver? Not me, call me lucky Nas Casalana All but shot in the medulla oblongata And survived to praise God, with a bullet I never collided Some did and they lived, I salute the guys My west spillin splash my mistake on my 10 booth for ya N.Y. nigga, Adidas Joggin suit, shell toe, slim fly nigga Hudson river, rent a boat, t shirt with a dinner coat A Venice villa like I'm the ghost of Demetrio On any day getting throwed in a tinted vehicle Like a old B.K. gangsta but I'm the C.E.O.  Of Nasty Minds Enterprises, master mind made men My success symbolizes loyalty, great friends Dedication hard work, routine builds character In a world full of snakes, rats and scavengers Never make choices out of desperation I think through it, break through walls like Pink Floyd And drink fluids of all kind of alcohol y'all Vineyards in France, yachts out in Cannes [Chorus: Victoria Monet] Who you are, ain't in the recipe of what I am 'Cause where I'm from, and what I see you wouldn't understand Where I been, and what I do, no matter how you try you never can 'Cause where I'm from, and what I see you wouldn't understand Where I been, where I been [Verse Three: Nas] Now holla at a millionaire Rollie he blow an audemar, decided which one to wear Who to screw, what to drive, 550 with the creamed guts inside Or the super sport range truck that's fly Diamond ring on my knuckles, like fire bitch Gats on the side I don't really trust this guy Spent a couple bucks tonight on bottles on cuties, if she beautiful The lustful type, I hit it and bust inside Fuck it I'm a die one day, they 'gon probably make that day a holiday Until then, let's go on a shoppin spree Speakin for my real niggas, only OG'S Certified, who kill niggas, when put in that seat, but tonight we on chill nigga Chill mode, spill mo' spades Listen to Jeezy and Hov, some Rozay It's like we always on the grind, with no brakes So tonight we 'gon act like we on vacation, with this on rotation [Chorus: Victoria Monet] Who you are, ain't in the recipe of what I am 'Cause where I'm from, and what I see you wouldn't understand Where I been, and what I do, no matter how you try you never can 'Cause where I'm from, and what I see you wouldn't understand Where I been, where I been [Outro: Nas] Uh! For my hood niggas, yeah, yeah To my man Eric B, whattup? Yeah! The whole city, I see you To my man Big Slate, in the fed joint, my man Spark Free my niggas, all my niggas, yeah! Club Vernon, I see you, I see you! Yeah! The Balton, I see you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas  Album: Life Is Good Song: Back When Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample from "Raptivity" by Ronnie Gee] Warning-Warning-Warning-Warning New York-New York-New York-New York The sound-The sound-The sound You about to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear-to hear [Chorus: Sample from "The Bridge" by MC Shan] (Nas) (*Sample from "Live Routine" by MC Shan) You love to hear the story how it all how it all got started-got started (Start it off!!!) You love to hear the story how it all how it all got started-got started (*Ah Yeah!!!) You love to hear the story how it all got started got started (Start it off!!! Start it off!!!) Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when (Yeah!) Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when (Yeah!) [Verse One: Nas] The ill reminisce and think about the fly days Nothin like them '80 summer N.Y. days Hop on the NB5 days Mo' peds, Pro-Keds, city split five ways How it all started, 5th floor apartment A jigsaw puzzle arial view of the projects A kid source trouble bury a view of his partners Now I chill in resorts, enjoyin the sights Check out the oracle bread from city housing Nas! I arise the dead by thousands I remember seein Shan, chillin near his Audi  Hollis had Run and 'em  But I probably put a poster up of Shan and Marley, that was art kid You love to hear the story how it started  The brotherly I'm poor I wasn't popped yet Before their was an audience to watch as I assure you, there was a process [Chorus: Sample from "The Bridge" by MC Shan] (Nas) (*Sample from "Live Routine" by MC Shan) You love to hear the story how it all how it all got started-got started (How it all got started! Yeah!) You love to hear the story how it all how it all got started-got started (How it! How it! How it all got started!) (*Ah Yeah!!!) You love to hear the story how it all got started got started (Hear the story! How it all! How it all got started!) Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when (Back when!) Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when (Back when!) [Verse Two: Nas] To call them fake today it's hate, real niggas extinct 'Pac left me inside a rap world with niggas that wink At other rappers undercover niggas spit every way Won't be surprised if all their lives have federal plates Let alone their wardrobes is Studio Four flow It was real when I appeared it would have been some jaws broke Nas! My real name stage name same thing How could youlet these lames claim king? I'm so ashamed mayne! I light a L for Vernon, for niggas who would burn in hell for Vernon 10th Street, 12th Street, Nightmare on Elm Street Pimps creep, delve deep, inside the editorials  Of the ghetto queens kings stories true Who possesses the testicular fortitude  To blow away mist, that's a endurance to all of you You blame your own short comings on sex and race The mafia, homosexuals and all the jews It's hogwash point of views, stereotypical Anti-semetic like the foul words Gibson spewed And it's patethic, I don't get the credit I deserve that's why I hate doin interviews But I don't sweat it study long study wrong My man Deion said Nas overthink the songs he writin I'm not a wack performer standin there with corny hype men I got the donism in me I'm here to enlighten [Chorus: Sample from "The Bridge" by MC Shan] (Nas) (*Sample from "Live Routine" by MC Shan) You love to hear the story how it all how it all got started-got started (How it all got started! Yeah!) You love to hear the story how it all how it all got started-got started (How it! How it! How it all got started!) (*Ah Yeah!!!) You love to hear the story how it all got started got started (Hear the story! How it all! How it all got started!) Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when (Back when!) Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when-Back when (Back when! Back when!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: The Don Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Excerpt from an interview with Super Cat] It's di heartbeat of di people, di ghetto people And when I say ghetto people di people who cannot afford to go to di big concert Some of these people do not even have TV, so they cant afford cable Some of dem can't afford a radio, so di only ting they can listen to is di music People from di ghetto, people from di projects, street people Heartical ghetto yutes who know what it is to sing about sufferin and reality....... [Sample from Super Cat]: New york girls dem a mad ova we!!! New york girls dem a mad ova we!!!  New york girls dem a mad ova we!!! New york girls dem a mad ova we!!!  [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) [Verse One: Nas] Smokin the escobano, guzzle my second bottle Hope I don't catch a hamo, gross and I net Simultaneously makin the crime higher Heinous crimes behind me, search but can't find me Fuck sadness, has this been you, havin this lavish Habitual happiness that mean you wouldn't look back Would you would have sex on, condominium roof decks  So anyone moves next, I hit you with two tech's Rock the Roberto Cavalli no show no Convertible Masi My columbiano mami ridin beside me Every tat mean somethin that's my word on my body I have to lean somethin with that Moshberg shotty  My niggas is ig'nant, put led in your pig meat Just 'cause y'all was mad of all the years I was gettin it In 9-7 the six, 9-8 the Bentley And now it's the ghost Phantom, and y'all can't stand him but... [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) [Verse Two: Nas] Army jacket swag army jacket green and black With the square pocket that snaps, where the gas at Pass that not you, you hold cracks in your asscrack I never did that, my socks where my stash was at Yo! I used to listen to that Red Alert and Rap Attack I fell in love with all that poetry I mastered that Cuttin school where 'Preme Team and Fat Cat was at Feature not crystal clear yet back a rat Now I'm the one who's reppin Queens way beyond your wildest dreams Bottles on bottles with sparklers, surround my team That long cash get the baddest bitches out their jeans Twenty years in this game lookin seventeen I don't need no codeine, pro, meth or Z I just blow green pick which bitch to blow the king Although he's on to another chapter Heavy D gave this beat to Salaam for me to rap to RRRRRAHHHHH!!! [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) (YEAH!) [Verse Three: Nas] New York is like a island, a big Rikers Island The cops be out wildin, all I hear is sirens It's all about survivin, same old two step Try to stay alive and, they be out robbin I been out rhymin, since born knowledge Like Prophet Muhammed said the ink from a scholar Worth more than a blood of a mortar, so I'm a Keep it on 'til I see a bilion dollars Keep your friends close and your, enemies closer Love model chocha, mami pop it like she 'posed to Eyes red shot, like I'm never sober Big time smoker, indonesia dozer Mini me's you can hold up, before you end up wet up from my soldier Don shit, under fire I remain on some calm shit This for every ghetto in the hood Nas the don Super Cat the Don Dada, understood [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York............... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: Stay Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (Staaaaaaaay...) (Staaaaaaaay...) Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooh-ooooh... Staaaaaaaay... Oooh-oooh-ooooh-ooooooh Oooh-oooh-ooooooh, ooooh-ooh-oh... [Nas] Peace to the Five Percenters, online engine inventors Shout to them niggaz, family men bringin home dinners Watch out for desperate lonely women, hurt your happy home Miserable and alone, kissable, nice to bone She not the type deservin of a throne Her beauty is her curse, she fuck for shoes and a purse Make me a movie first, can watch you on my phone I shop in Barcelona, I spend some nights in Rome Feel like a knight from England, that's what I named my son, Knight He was born to be one, that's how my game was won White 740 Beamer, licked by an angel's tongue I'm livin dangerous son, she got a man, a famous one Honey be pocket-watchin, she got a lot of options Hard to make up her mind, decidin which baller to rock with Hot to death, slim pickings, but I'm not impressed She got the hottest sex, so I guess I'ma just.. stay [Nas] Even though I don't like you Next Friday night can't wait to fight you Locked up I would knife you, don't fuck with you Last month I even bucked at you, you got locked I felt bad, wait do I got love for you? I might kill you but do I got LOVE for you? I want you dead under six feet of soil At the same time, want you here to witness me while you in misery We hate each other but it's love, what a thug mystery Years ago they ate the hearts of a slain enemy We enemie,s but your hatred could never enter me Some seek fame cause they need validation Some say hatin is confused admiration Spotlight on me, I still look twenty Still get money, lady killer pushin a Bentley Maybe niggaz could see too much of they failures  through a nigga who realer I don't like you ne'er bruh, but I need you to.. stay  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Amy Winehouse Album: Life Is Good Song: Cherry Wine Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Amy Winehouse] Where is he? The man who was just like me I heard he was hiding, somewhere I can't see Where is he? The man who was just like me Heard he was hiding, somewhere I can't see And I'm alone and I realize that when I get home I wanna go to my red and my Cherry Yes I'm alone and I realize when I get home I wanna go to my red and my Cherry [Nas] I want someone who like the champagne I like, my a-alike Someone to talk me off the bridge any day or night She teach me how to live, she ain't afraid of life Not easily impressed with the rich and famous life cause she done been there and heard all the rumors before She love art, she ride out with me on my music tour She like the herb's natural medicine, she cookin good She tell me everything is cool when it ain't lookin good, f'real  The world so ill, yo I want a girl so real who not after material wealth but get dough still Or maybe an educator, a lady with etiquette Who can be from out the hood or either work for the President As long as theres no selfishness Yes, as long as her love for the people is deep-rooted and evident You can be easily recruited, you're heaven sent Your smile, put me at ease You're the woman I need, but where is she? [Nas] I hate when people write me hostile texts on account of my lifestyle's perception Invade my personal life? Out of the question  What are they expecting? I be tryin to reply 'em They never suppose I get my quiet time in? They think forever I'm rollin in dough, swimmin in a pool of cash God, wouldn't they know, or am I a fool or ass? I'm well-known, got people comin at me mad I had to tell homes, "I dont keep a cell phone, my bad" I drag off the L and try to silence it The noise in my head, the curse of the talented Strong communicator, vagabond I gallivant around the equator, and that would get me off the radar It's so intense, I'm on my Lilo and Stitch Pour my Pinot Grigio and Cris with some lime yo, it's this An immaculate version of "Me and My Bitch" by Biggie With all respect cause you the only one who gets me [Interlude: Nas] Yeah, yeah..  Let's pour some cherry wine Everything's good, everything's fine Yeah, yeah we bring it every time Yeah, pour a lil' cherry wine Yeah, aiyyo Salaam  Yeah, I think they know the time Everything's good, everythings fine Yeah, you pour a little cherry wine, yeah Life is good... Life is good!.. Yeah Life is good... No matter what, life is good...  Life is good... Life is good! Yeah Life is good... No matter what, life is good [Amy Winehouse]  A-Where is he? The man who was just like me I heard he was hiding, somewhere I can't see Where is he? The man who was just like me Heard he was hiding, somewhere I can't seeeee.. I'm alone and I realize that when I get home I wanna go to my red and my Cher-ry Yes I'm alone and I realize that when I get home I wanna go to my red and my Cherry OH oh oh oh-oh-oh-oh oh, na-na-na-na-naaaah Ohh-oooh-whoooa-wha-ah-dah oh-oh, ah-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee Oh, oh, no, no, no-no-no-no, nah da-dee-dee A-rub-a-dee-dee-dee, bub-a-dee-dee-dah-da-doo-doo-dah Do, do, do, do, ah-huh ohhh no Oh oh oh oh oh, oh no no no no~! No-no-no-no... The man who was just like ME! I heard he was hiding, somewhere I can't see And I'm alone, and I realize that when I get ho-ome When I wanna go to my red and my Cherry-ie, yeaah oh oh oh Mmm, The man who was just like me I heard he was hiding, somewhere I can't seeeeee... And I'm alone and I realize when, I get home that I wanna go to my red and my Cher-ry! [Outro: Nas] Life is good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas  Album: Life Is Good Song: Bye Baby Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample from "Goodbye Love" by Guy] I guess you knew and blew a good thing! Baby! [Verse One: Nas] (Sample from "Goodbye Love" by Guy) Bye baby I guess you know why I walked away When we walked to the altar that was an awesome day Did counselin, couldn't force me to stay Somethin happened when you say I do, we go a stray Why did we mess it up we was friends we had it all Reasons you don't trust men that was your daddy fault He in the grave let it go he no longer livin Said you caught him cheatin with mom fuckin other women Fuck that gotta do with us here's the keys to the newest truck Bergen bags, we burnin cash now baby do it up Now matter who you fucked, that was before me Wanted you as my shorty since saw you screamin "Hate you so much right now!!!" Should have saw the meanin angry black women, actions of a demon, I'm leavin (I guess you knew and blew a good thing! Baby!) [Chorus: Nas] (Sample from "Goodbye Love" by Guy) Bye baby! (You know I'm sayin bye bye!) Bye bye baby! ('Cause I'm sayin bye bye!) Bye baby! ('Cause I'm sayin bye bye!) (I guess you knew and blew a good thing! Baby!) [Verse Two: Nas] (Sample from "Goodbye Love" by Guy) Bye baby I guess you know why I had to leave Seven months in your pregnancy 'bout to have my seed Let's take it back some years rewind it to the happy years You and your Star Trak fam I'm thinkin you cats were weird Same time different year, I was diggin y'all flow Then I tatted you on my arm so niggas would know I thought no one could stop us, matchin gold watches I was your Johnny Depp, you was my Janice Joplin Yet, the cuter version, yet, I knew your personally better than you knew yourself And I know this for certain Cribin in Dominican you got away from everybody  You screamin at the racist cops in Miami was probably The highlight of my life like ha yo look at my wife! Gangsta! Me and twenty cops 'bout to fight Crazy night, judge rout, next mornin we got clean Like it never happened and later we at the Heat game Just another day in the life, of two people in love (*UH!) But it wasn't enough (*UH!) But baby guess what (I guess you knew and blew a good thing! Baby!) [Chorus: Nas] (Sample from "Goodbye Love" by Guy) Bye baby! (OH! OH! AHHHHHHH!H Bye bye!) Bye bye baby! (I can't believe that this is happenin to us! 'Cause I'm sayin bye bye!) Bye baby! ('Cause I'm sayin bye bye!) (I guess you knew and blew a good thing! Baby!) [Verse Three: Nas] Listen! Could you imagine writin your deposition? Divorce lawyer tellin you how this thing 'gon be endin With you payin out the ass, and I'm talkin half Not some but half, no, serious half! Half of your soul half of your heart you leavin behind It's either that or die, I wanted peace in mind And all I seen was suckers, cowards! Under their breath sayin why did Nas trust her? But look at yourself speak louder bruh! You live with your baby mom's and scared to make a honest woman out of her And make her your bridge fake pimps you ain't even a lie At least I could say I tried plus enjoyed the ride Plus we got our little boy my little joy and pride He got my nose my grill your color your eyes Next go 'round I hope I pick the truest type And watch me do it all again it's a beautiful life Aight! Goodbye! [Chorus: Nas] (Sample from "Goodbye Love" by Guy) Bye baby! (You know I'm sayin bye bye!) Bye bye baby! (I can't believe that this is happenin to us! 'Cause I'm sayin bye bye!) Bye baby! (I guess you knew and blew a good thing! You know I'm sayin bye bye!) (I guess you knew and blew a good thing! Baby!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: Nasty Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro]  Y'all ready for Nas? {*crowd cheers*} Queensbridge, y'all ready to see Nasty Nas? {*crowd cheers*} Ah-hah, they ready [Nas] Yeah...Word... Got some Remy Martin and some good-ass cigars, check it out Aiyyo late night, candlelight, fiend with diesel in his needle Queensbridge leader, no equal I come from the Wheel of Ezekiel to pop thousand dollar bottles of Scotch, smoke pot and heal the people Any rebuttal to what I utter get box-cuttered Count how many bad honeys I slut, it's a high number Name a nigga under the same sky that I'm under Who gets money, remain fly? Yeah, I wonder Eyes flutter as love when Nas pops up Stars get starstruck, panties start drippin The ways of Carlito, blaze, torpedo cigars Drop Rolls, hoes drop clothes Louis the XIII freaks, women nice size I ride like Porsches, thick, brown and gorgeous It ain't my fault, semiautomatic weapons I brought the world Crazy, I'm rich and Im girl-crazy Dick 'em, convince 'em all to praise me They ideology is confusion, I lose 'em Fellates me, who hate me? My gun off safety Since the Tunnel and Skate Key, my jewelry in HD Silent rage, pristine in my vintage shades I'm not in the +Winters+ of my life or the beginner stage, I am the +dragon+ Maserati pumpin Biggie, the great legend Blastin, I'm after the actress who played Faith Evans My little Jackie Onassis, dig? I'm so high, I never land like Mike Jackson's crib Best on 45, still crack ya rib  Sacrilege, talk trash about the Nasty, kid Past +Nasty+ now, I'm gross and repulsive, talk money Is you jokin? Cash everywhere, in my bank, in the sofa In the walls, in the cars, in my wallet, in my pocket On the floors, ceiling, the safe, bitch I got it  You envy but dont offend me  I'm skinny, but still I'm too big for a Bentley You are your car, what could represent me? Too godly to be a Bugatti, you honestly, must design  me somethin Tommy Montana from Queens had before the 90s Drug dealer car, rush to the bar Move niggaz, we don't give a FUCK who you are Black card heavy like a magnet, in my stitched denims Pretty women see them them saggin  Bet a hundred stacks, niggaz'll run it back Just havin fun, I ain't even begun to black  Light another blunt in fact, haha... (Nasty) Nasty kid  (Nasty) Yeah... (Nasty) The kid! (Nasty) Yeah... (Nasty) Nasty kid For the hustlers, thick as yellow bitches for the suck of it Got a bunch of niggaz in prison braggin  Sayin, "It was Nas I used to hustle with" I display fashions while my lungs engage hashes, guns on my waist, past this Since I'm cakin up, put funds in my safe, laughin and joining the blunt passin, you niggaz was straight assin Excuse the vulgarity, I'm still not fully adjusted or used to the new fans hearin me spit rapidly I never see the whips niggaz be claimin they drivin I guess entertainment means blatantly lyin Fake it 'til you make it, I've driven those toys Been in the wars, in the streets, cops kickin in doors For my deen nigga, yo' flow cheap as limousine liquor Im no fake rap CD listener Sit back and roll a mean Swisher For my Gs, tell these clowns make room for the king, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: The Black Bond Typed by: Gundress03@yahoo.com [Verse One: Nas] I pull a string on a lamp and shit darkens I'm living in an elegant Moroccan apartment Proletarian chicks sparkin' Convo weak, and I don't really care for her jargon Balcony is windy, looking at the stars and I be on the Henny woozy in the head, wobblin' Gucci pillow on the bed while she giving noggin Listening and tripping off the Maxwell album Thinking I should leave to a European island Bristol or Spain, bring a book about Stalin Dinner serenaded with a violin But shorty not qualified to be took to that kind of outing Gotta be a fly bitch to hang around that fly shit Fine dining, Olive Garden Nah bitch, Nas is in the real deal food spots on the constant Pick the right wine, a Chianti to wash it Lifestyle encompasses top notch watches Rolexes, synonymous shit I'm coppin' Ask her has she been around duffle bags Full of that "fuck you cash" Get off the jet with me in heels, I'll cup your ass Lookin' in my eyes sayin' "Nas, you one lucky bastard" Grip your clutch, you get finger fucked in the passenger I hit the Dutch, blow smoke out, music and laughter See us in the coupe flying past ya [Verse Two: Nas] Esco, dress code, it changes Harrods in England Back to the star spangled labels in my closet hanging Counting wonder in the tundra Get humbled but disgruntled when I come through, confront ya Let nothing slide, sly remarks You must wanna die, but you frontin' wild When we all know you pumpkin pie When we in the bus we fly better shit than Emirates To Dubai, to the Chi, I'm a +Crucial Conflict+ Heaven sent, cause a storm, typhoon flood you out You are what a thug about? I'm a fuckin' juggernaut Never sleep, never tire, keep a freak I tie up Who don't speak, she quietSo I can think, conspire On my feet's [?], and sometimes sneakers Wear ties at the Setai Miami time-pieces Are from Zurich. It's like I'm allergic To non-oxidolic nine Give it to you raw so you can feel it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Nikki Flores Album: Life Is Good Song: Roses Typed by: Gundress03@yahoo.com [Chorus: Nikki Flores] Just like a rose Everybody knows that you are so beautiful But I feel a thorn in my hide I should've known, we can't repair what we broke But I held you close Too close I should've left your roses at the door They're sharper than before And I don't want them no more I should've left your roses at the door They're sharper than before And I don't need them no more [Verse One: Nas] I have no time to give you guidance  Barely have any fuck time either  Hefner minded like, I think you're fine, but  I seen the finest women that ever came out a beaver  Mind reader, can tell she vegan or not when I meet her  Or if she insecure, most are  If she's mixed, a possible psycho alert goes off  Not a judge cause a judge dont wear no draws, yet he allows  Everything to go to your spouse when you end your vows  My tax bracket not enough blacks have it  Who should I date? Project chick or Cuban actress?  A white chick, they might flip talking that blackness  Should only attract black shit, I'm an ass magnet  If you mad at that, you'll be mad forever  Never played you, I prayed we would stay together  Wished it'd last forever, know what I mean  Heard you tear a rose from the roots, the rose screams  [Verse Two: Nas] Them Xanax can't manage your maniac manic depressive expressions  They some silent killers, that stress shit  That put ulcers in a lot of niggas  I'm blowing medical, it helps chill a violent temper  I done went to hell and back, you always think you right  You know when you wrong, and still you want to fight  When people like my song, you want to kill'em right?  You resent me every time I make a million right?  You want to experience life when you calling all the shots  Ordering bottles for all your girls up in the spot  Have your own cash, own your own Benz  Your own house, everything, me, I understand  Thought you would bask in the glory as Queen Bee  Put you on under Martin Scorsese: Mean Street  The first movie he made, thought that was fly  I thought you was flyer, you a fuckin' liar  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Cocaine 80s Album: Life Is Good Song: Where's the Love Typed by: Gundress03@yahoo.com [Verse One: Nas] At times I window watch at the Wynn hotel  Lots of thinking happens in life, will I win or fail?  Mind of a shooter, CFO also  Ethiopian food flown in, it's unlawful  Money is attractive, honey dress strapless  Agent Provocateur underwear: she's classic  Stroll up in the party: titanium black car  Romanian ladies like Casablanca, Casbah  'Cept we in the VIP area, that's ours  You know the real rap gods, typical trap star turned rap star  These old heads got stories, the days they was kings  I pray secret indictments don't take away their dreams  You 16, you could do 20, come home young  Catch 20 years when you 40? Holmes, you're done  What have we become? Rap stars from trap stars  Black gods to Ansars to Sunnis back to goonies  A 360 in the streets real grizzly  Shooters is cold, kid, the old shit was learning  Student enrollment to focus, yet hooligans roll with  Toasters to pop your medullas off of your shoulders  This ain't the Truman Show; it's the human show  Ask the F.B.I. agent at his cubicle  Chewing on his pencil eraser with intents to erase you  It's U.S.A. against the gangsta, where's the love? [Chorus: Cocaine 80s] Love, I'll trade you love  I've traded fire with you long enough  Is that all you brung? It's not love  That's fucked up, but I saved your soul  Roll that up  [Verse Two: Nas] Sometimes I sit on the bench just to watch the game Feet on cement, there ain't a mobster living I could name Who made it out rich, in his absence I do not proclaim To not have a heart like wild animals not tamed Maybe just a typical thug nigga was my rank 'Cept I had a vision above niggas, what I think It's crazy how many brothers come where I come from Some made it out big, some dead, some unsung Shots for soldiers on 23 hours lock-up Younger generation, they want to mimic and mock us Laughing, separating themselves like they not us, like "Cops'll look at you like they look at me? That's preposterous" Ain't it gangsta how your man made it? I'm humble One gun, one crazy ass nigga, that's Jungle Now we having babies, cause growing up it was just us No uncles or cousins to fight with us, we was fucked up But still it was beautiful, the love is mutual Even though me and Jung ain't show up to your funeral I hold your son hand, tell him he the man, we love you Your pops was king, you have a whole lot to live up to The G is in your genes, already you tuck Inherit your dad's swag, it's George Jefferson's strut Stay flyest, they gon' want to know what in your diet Don't be surprised if they want to check your shit and your vomit Tell them you let it marinate, they swear you made them a promise No matter what they do, you just stay a man of honor I'm a street corner nigga, New York Knicks loyalist Corona sipper, pass it out, might blow it with you It ain't the Truman show; it's the human show Ask the F.B.I. agent at his cubicle Chews on his pencil eraser with intents to erase you Young brother go and get your paper, I got love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: Trust Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * iTunes bonus track [Intro: Nas] It's like a cold story..  repeated over and over.. and the winter's on my mind Yea, this shit be real man.. Shit's crazy out here.. Yo-yo! Yo waddup y'all! That's my niggaz over there, word [Nas] If you scared to take chances, you'll never have the answers I could tell the future of a dude how his stance is Wonder will he shoot then you should study where his hands is Is he gon' cock it and pop it? His waistband big But he don't have that thing in 'em, slangin just ain't in 'em Body language is off, he's soft But soft niggaz all a sudden start dumpin, frontin Cause he feel a way, my niggaz say the eyes is a giveaway One look could tell me if you really came to kill me Be the quiet nigga lookin, layin with the milli Who that over there creepin? Who homie by the tree? Better safe than sorry, look at p-noid me Few machine guns close, we could squeeze all three Be a cold day in hell 'fore they creep on me It's a lesson every premonition Lotta niggaz killed cause they wasn't paying attention Listen [Chorus: Nas] I want a bitch I can trust, some niggaz I can trust Accountants lookin over my figures I can trust A lawyer that's fightin for my decisions I can trust Damn my nigga, trust, I can never get enough A Ruger I can trust, shooters I can trust Goons that, know how to spot out a Judas I can trust And if I can't trust you, the fuck is you here for? Some of you niggaz true colors becomin clear more [Nas] It's been so long, can't remember how we begun this war This is a ever-lasting thunderstorm Cause guns went off, I see your moms she still speak She don't know, I ain't cool with her son no more It's old shit, seem forever we holdin this grudge Takes REAL men to squash beef, end it with hugs We buried our dead, been years, why should I worry 'bout him? Constantly watchin my back, plus niggaz tellin I dread another day I put a family in black, though I be calm and relaxed Though I know somehow it will come back Even if I'm in the right, cause still a life is a life What was it worth, to see you covered in dirt?  It's quite redundant, whether you the hunter or the hunted Mother's cry, no statute of limitation  on a homicide, just tattoos of my niggaz names  I wonder will it change, let's ride [Nas] It's rare I listen to niggaz who never been in my position A caterpillar can't relate to what an eagle envisions From the mind of a man who went at it with killers Sit down lil' man, let me school you with hood business Seen a lotta niggaz blow, lotta dreams folded Some wasn't humble, ate too much, got bloated Ain't too much left to buy, bought it  Im loaded I guess, lear jets I ask myself, do I need love or success? They say the artist that truly suffers, his stuff is the best Cause his heart, bleed on his sleeve pain pistols and sex Remember spray paintin the word "fresh" and then starin at it Older folks angry, pointin, swearin at it Buildings I sprayed, nowadays drive the McLaren past it Same old man from years ago told me life is short So from infant to geriatric, trust your own judgment Live with it and love it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Life Is Good Song: The Don (Don Dada Remix) * Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com * - Japan Bonus Track [Intro: Sample from Super Cat's "Dance Inna New York"] (Nas) New york girls dem a mad ova we!!!  New york girls dem a mad ova we!!!  New york girls dem a mad ova we!!!  New york girls dem a mad ova we!!!  (La la-la-la-la-la-la, la la la la, LA~!) [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York City-City, New York City-City  Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) [Verse One: Nas] Smokin the escubano, guzzle my second bottle Hope I don't catch a homo', grossing our net Simultaneously makin the crime higher Heinous crimes behind me, search but can't find me Fuck sadness, had this been you, havin this lavish Habitual happiness that mean you wouldn't look backwards You would have sex on, condominium roof decks  So anyone moves next, I hit you with two tech's Rockin Roberto Cavalli - seriously! He's in the club, I'm on stage ROCKIN Roberto Cavalli Every tat mean somethin that's my word on my body I have to lean somethin with that Mossberg shotty  My niggas is ig'nant, put led in your pigment Just 'cause y'all was mad of all the years I was gettin it In 9-7 the six, 9-8 the Bentley And now it's the ghost Phantom, and y'all can't stand him but... [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) [Verse Two: Nas] Army jacket swag army jacket green and black With the square top pocket that snaps, where the gas at Pass that not you, you hold cracks in your asscrack I never did that, my socks where my stash was at Yo! I used to listen to that Red Alert and Rap Attack (Yeeeeeeeeeaaaaasss!!) I fell in love with all that poetry I mastered that Cuttin school where 'Preme Team and Fat Cat was at Future not crystal clear yet Baccarat Now I'm the one who's reppin Queens way beyond your wildest dreams Bottles on bottles with sparklers, surround my team That long cash get the baddest bitches out their jeans Twenty years in this game lookin seventeen I don't lean, no codeine, promethazine I just blow green, pick which bitch to bless the king Although he's on to another chapter Heavy D gave this beat to Salaam for me to rap to RRRRRAHHHHH!!! [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York City-City, New York City-City Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  New York City-City, New York City-City (YEAH!) (YEAH!) [Verse Three: Nas] New York is like a island, a big Rikers Island The cops be out wildin, all I hear is sirens It's all about survivin, same old two step Try to stay alive when, they be out robbin I been out rhymin, since born knowledge Like Prophet Muhammed said the ink from a scholar Worth more than a blood of a martyr, so I'ma Keep it on 'til I see a bilion dollars Keep your friends close and your, enemies closer Love model chocha, mami pop it like she 'posed to Eyes red shot, like I'm never sober Big time smoker, Indonesia dozer Mini me's you can hold up, before you end up wet up from my soldier Don shit, under fire I remain on some calm shit This for every ghetto in the hood Nas the don Super Cat the Don Dada, (UNDERSTOOD!) [Chorus: Sample from Super Cat] (Nas) Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas di don Nas Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  Inna New York City-City, New York City-City  [Outro: Excerpt from an interview with Super Cat] It's di heartbeat of di people, di ghetto people And when I say ghetto people di people who cannot afford to go to di big concert Some of these people do not even have TV, so they can't afford cable Some of dem can't afford a radio, so di only ting they can listen to is di music People from di ghetto, people from di projects, street people Heartical ghetto yutes who know what it is to sing about sufferin and reality....... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Unreleased (I Am 'MP3') Song: Day Dreamin (Stay Scheamin) Typed by: jacres24@yahoo.com To my niggas To my niggas What! What! [Nas sings] Looking back in time, when I had on my shines I saw you standing there I never tried to diss you, you didn't need your pistol Why did you have to take it there But then again, it was just my imagination When my crew told me it was you that was player hating Then we had to have that terrible confrontation There's nothing I can do to help this situation... Chorus: repeats 2x [Nas sings] Stay scheming (ya niggas kill me) Niggas wanna get at me Its been awhile since the last time we hung out Full of weed, drinking henny until we all passed out Stretch bently, Queens clique, pushing mean whips And hoe I'm with, glad who see she with Shorty with the don Me and horse switch cars Jazz ruff for the six, this is it par Thug nigga never thought I get this far Who is that icing me from over there in the fog? You got the mack god, you got the gat par Dam, why they gotta do it to the black god Everytime we chilling niggas want to act hard My nigga Jungle known to slap a nigga back-ward So we chill pay no mind, think about about shit I'm for the love of it Stubborn niggas always plotting on the brother tip Can't even chill cause niggas just [Nas sings] Stay scheming Niggas wanna get at me Stay scheming Niggas wanna kidnap me But they never do it motherfuckers... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Unreleased (I Am 'MP3') Song: Sometimes I Wonder Typed by: jacres24@yahoo.com QB the whole NYC We gonna bounce to this To all my niggaz (yeah, yeah) To all the ladies Chorus: Sometimes I wonder Will a nigga go under because of his hunger This game is risky If a nigga slips six deep Will these niggaz really miss me Dead partners too soon All these niggaz flipping on me Cause I won't give no loot to them Sometimes I wonder Sometimes I... (Nas) Top of the world is what I'm aiming at These niggaz is flaming gats at my circle I catch you, my first reaction is to hurt you I hit your bird too, two in your scalp then you out Your thug crew is out, blood oozing out Some serving caine Knowing nothing about this murder game Its easily told but hard to hear When niggaz finally find out its real Thats when they heart pumps fear The real remains the weak will disappear My words is 20/20, my vocals are crystal clear 911 style sits on your mind like chrome Lets say your brains is V12, put it in drive let it roam What color? Might as well make it same as your dome You need your thoughts together, that means destination is unknown As we travel on this road, an infinite path, I get into this math Drop and get intense for this cash Will I be subject to kill, live my life by a gat Just when I think I made it out, the street is calling me back Chorus: (Nature) I know a lot of fiends by they first name Living in Queens, a lot of cats getting stuck for they chains Holding dirty guns, the young owe dirty ones Running wild, niggaz I raise hell above ground Live in sin, holding rocks, benjamin grin Figure once I got knocked, it would end Never that They try to tell me I don't love my own The thugs know, they ride my zone Like the cyclone trademark For coney isle, yeah you know me now I'm giving fake hugs, phoney smiles Stack profits, you know how the niggaz on the block get Try to give you dap to stare at your pockets Cruise advance nothing new just the rules of the land You could tell if they wolves or lamb You could fight a few, there's a few that ran Or you could feed them and lose your hand What you wanna do?  Chorus: (Nas) Blessing be to the ones who left us Transcend into spiritual essences In Allah's arms you rest in To him we pray for my peeps Floyd, Twin and Taiyeh, Mr. Sunny back in the day Get the money yam, he use to say not only nice with hands But streetsmart he was twice a man I try to understand life's deep plot I think of Weewop, Shikeisha they both was mad nice on the rocks They could have went pro but only God knows why not Like my nigga Bing, let your sneakers not be clean He'll start snapping on you, making a scene Kept the lye, a cool nigga warm heart and stayed fly You still alive, I see you in your sister's face Are you there pa? Or looking on from a distant place? My thoroughbreds, Blackhead quiet but real Expect to see your black jeep fly over the hill In the spirit of Richie Lou tribute Remind the world of the crimes that NY pigs do We miss you, Harry and Sonia Rest in peace to Marty, a 41st side of Vernon soldier T.J. Black better known as Killer I can't replace you, but in me Havoc will always have a brother my nigga My man Will till we meet again You hold it up there, I'll hold it down here I hope you hear my prays clear Chorus: Repeats 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Unreleased (I Am 'MP3') Song: Hardest Thing is to Stay Alive Typed by: cto@noln.com So many niggas get fucked up in the game. See thats where they get caught out there. Cause its not no fuckin game. When you hear shells comin at cha. Hot Ones from a shotgun I betta nigga runs faster. Loose a shoe to get away from a blaster. Think about that casket you don't wanna be in that shit. Quick to take his signin you takin everybodies package. Money over Bitches was a loyal practice. So you act is if money was no object. Spinin 5 zues trips for your whole projects. Epcot center linins for ya bitches roli's for dogs. Now we in tha mall slayin by his bitches. Everyday I reminisin how he was livin havin fun. Cause any day could have led to prison. Now for a short bid cause if the feds ever caught kid. It be like 25 years conspiracy. Another 25 for refeer snatchin up him and his people. He had his jeep bullet proof with silencers on the desert eagle. Flipin bricks in Gary Indiana. He had it locked down from the streets to the slammer. Only trusted Two things his trigger and his hammer. Used to be a bumb till had a six month run. Had a loss suit three G's the case was won. Met with mexican hoya cop boya. Bought barber shop named it after c shaday. There where they found his body. In a barber chair face down, bullets in his chest. Sliced apart from the waist down. Planned to sell his shop stick hoya for everything he got. Take jewels and his 5. Then his shoes where cemented. Drop his body in the tide but hoya was wise. Even when he ain't around he got ears and eyes. Gotta stay a step ahead of this game to stay alive. Chorus (X2) Always wanted things always wanted cash. To Live fast get the girls with tha biggest ass. Fuck her 9 to 5 gotta drive a 5. Now that I got it the Hardest Thing To Do Is Stay Alive. Coke head Saundra she grew in Gruwana. Her man was large and Saundra was his baby mama. Stayed in drama Fightin with hood rats that he was fucking. No job all day she did nothing. They son was 7 years old, she really was a wifee. First should she would transport blow overnight for a G. He paid up front they layed up once. She got pregnant she would dead it. She had a boy, named her son infinite after his father who did dirt. She didn't noses after would follow. Capsules and bottles and crack in the back of his baga. He let her drive while he drove the burgandy 5. He often talked about how he wants to murder these guys. >From off of burger street, had nat workin the street. Lifestyle richest nigga from how he use to be. Never thought he'd rock diamonds never took weakness for kindness. Thats how he gradually grew. Did a Favor for a favor now the nigga in with the crew. And Now he live major house in dix hills next to Brook Shields. With the cook and the maid shit was real. Saved his first bill, maid, and his bodega. Good Luck playa sign on the paper taped to the window. Escaped from a would be kidnapp. And slept and thought niggas fearless rep until he got wet. Would had the world in his hands his girl did a scam. The owners rich is bonin niggas to get rid of her man. Welcome To The Game Baby. Chorus (X2) The Hardest Thing To Do Is Stay Alive... The Hardest Thing To Do Is Stay Alive... The Hardest Thing To Do Is Stay Alive... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Unreleased (I Am 'MP3') Song: Wanna Play (Rough?) Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net Verse One: Yo, the Lord is my shepard The sword is my weapon Reward is a blessin', that comes from the struggle shoes been scuffled, blood's been shed, another Mother loses a son 'cause where I'm from the young chooses a gun before they choose an education but once dead their ain't no awakenin' so like once said, life aint for fakin yo, you wit' me when I say duct tape 'em? fuck waitin' got the truck outside, Benz jeep for navigation everything in position, they'd rather be fuckin' wit' Satan when I aim I aint missin', master of assasination' I heard he call himself Esco, drive a Lexo rocks his hat sideways, showin' off his waves with a chipped tooth is this the truth? this is what we do, sip a brew wait around his crib until it turns around two AM as soon as he walks in the door we slay 'em you guys got fat while I was away, so start payin' Chorus - Okay, you wanna play rough?!  (gun shots) (scratching - a thug changes, and love changes) repeat 3X, Okay yo, we could play rough! Verse Two: Okay now, drive up to my crib, am I high enough? who these niggas tryin' to hide in their truck I aint order cable, why in the fuck these niggas ducked in they seat? are they lookin' for me? but I aint do shit, could it be that niggas thought  I slept like B.I.G. and Pac did may they rest in peace, but while I'm alive I pop shit P-11 glock spits 17 shot clips put these niggas in boxes, where they Moms and Pops is pull the strap from under the seat back up in the street watch these niggas thats tryin' to watch me, I carefully creep take off my shoes, barefoot nigga poppin' my heat empty every shell in their direction its you, I should've guessed it! same niggas that I was connected wit', I know sent you now I'm'a take you off here, you dont know what you got into Chorus  Verse Three: Walked in his house, smackin' him up, "what you talkin' about?" he said shut-up nigga! knocked him in his head with chrome never thought I'd be in his home with his wife taped up for my niggas to bone fuckin' with me, you should've known I'll have 'em write "stupid nigga" on your tombstone what money can do, get you hit for less than a G for threatenin' me I'm'a do it myself, take you to Hell, this ones for free killin' you niggas with nothin' left him dead, engine runnin' you the only I'm makin' sure that gets whats comin' look at your Woman, anal ripped out, its your fault they gang banged your bitch out in your face and you saw it but before I let you have it I'm searchin' your crib for pictures of relatives, addresses to where they live shit like that, incase a nigga wanna strike back I'll be right up in his ass to blow 'em out with the Mac niggas treat you like Fam, and you on it like that? now you gotta lay flat, gettin' eatin' by rats gettin' even's never wrong, its only right to react eye for an eye, 'cause the sweetest part is payback somebody kncokin', who dat? "a cop man", let him in and give that mothafucka one under the chin cant believe this nigga down with the Feds! the copped screamed out your government before he dropped dead dont explain, I put the pound on his head blew 'em! before that I cant remember the last time I said...... Okay, so we gonna play rough! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Unreleased (I Am 'MP3') Song: Fetus (Belly Button Window) Typed by: jacres24@yahoo.com Yeah I want all my niggas to come journey with me My name is Nas, and the year is 1973 Beginning of me, therefore I could see Through my belly button window who I am... I existed in a womb, just like an abyss Came straight from spirit land, my hands balled in a fist Punching on my moms stomach, kicking on her cervix Twitching cause I'm nervous Thought my intended purpose Was to be born to reign, not in scorn or vain But to take on a name, my pops chose for me Bloodstream full of indo Developing eyes looking out my belly button window My father's face wears a frown And I'm wondering if they even want me around Cause I'll go back to spirit town So I could rest longer before I come back down The chute again, in the near future when My moms and pops can agree on this Was here before but my moms saw her gynocologist He dumped me off, first they want me then turn around and they dont You got a 120 days do what you want But as for me coming back this be my last time Abort me, keep me, give me away, make up ya mind [Nas] I shot my way out my mom dukes I shot my way out my mom dukes They must wanna keep me, cause 4 months past and I'm still alive Guess I got what you call an ill-will to survive When I look hard the lights is killing my eyes I know when moms is laying down cause I get bored and start to get live Move side to side hear loud music and vibe All black babies are born with rhythm thats no lie Solar energize, mineralize food through my mothers tube I'm covered in this thick layer of goo Month two was the least most comfortable My umbilical cord choking me But month 3 was closer, see Thats when pops took moms to see the doc at the clinic But I was saved cause he changed his mind in the last minute Watching 'em yell, heard my moms voice well Feared fist fights, so terrified when we fell While they broke up furniture and smashed plates on the wall I wondered if I am born will I be safe at all This place they call the world though my view was so large Couldn't wait to get up, grow up and take charge Month 5, Month 6 went by, hoping I'm born in July But the Lord already figured out a date and time Septemeber 14th, 73 Get ready world, doctors in the front waiting for me Arms open cause they know when I drop, alot of shit's gonna stop See how the goverment will start re-training cops Month 9, I'm a week over due, the labor induced Pops told my moms to push and take deep breaths too Said stay calm, holding her arm, I'm trying to hold on Surgical gloves touching my scalp, my head pops out Everything blurry, my first breath screams out Tears pouring down my pops face he's so proud Wanted to hold me, but I was so bloody They washed me off and he said "At least that nigga aint ugly!" Placed me in his arms snuggly, laid me on my mother Finally, I got to see who held me in her body She loved me,and I plan to over through the devil Y'all bout to see this world in trouble Motherfuckers... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: 10 Year Anniversary Illmatic Platinum Series (Bonus Disc) Song: It Ain't Hard to Tell (Remix) Typed by: Kres1019@hotmail.com {Intro} Take it to the bridge To the motherfuckin' bridge Queensbridge in the motherfucker (Hook) It ain't hard to tell *repeat 3x [Verse 1] The buddha monk's in your trunk, turn the bass up Not stories by Aesop, place your loot up, parties I shoot up Nas, I analyze, drop a jew-el, inhale from the L School a fool well You feel it like braille ain't hard to tell I kick a skill like Shaquille holds a pill Vocabulary spills I'm Ill Plus Matic I freak a beat Slam it like Iron Shiek Jam like a tech with correct techniques So analyze me, surprise me, but can't magmatize me Scannin' while you're plannin' ways to sabotage me I leave'em froze like her-on in your nose Nas could rock well It ain't hard to tell (Hook) It Ain't hard to tell *repeat 3x [Verse 2] What's a beat if the rap don't click I spit rhymes like I'm sick, dying loss in a pit The only way I can escape is by vocals Verbalize a strife Stabbin' ears like a knife hood like The Prophet of the gutter Lyrics are silk mega butter I flow never stutter Clever poetic brothers on a mission Dissin' all who perps the fraud Scrams listen, (and) do what the experts record Burn your pen and pads, mics you'll need not Well I be packin' like a rasta in a weed spot Hittin' your hearts like a hollow tip Verbally illin' minds manipulated My raps a nickel-plated I illustrate it, X-rated, then move out Nas the parlayer takes you on a new route It's suicide poetry released from a cell With immense clientele, I excel It ain't hard to tell (Hook) It ain't hard to tell *repeat 3x [Verse 3] Now, I'm blessed with the finesse to express like Shakespeare The blocks "Cape Fear" drop metaphors when the breaks clears My mic check is life or death, breathin' a sniper's breath I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps Deep like "The Shining", sparkle like a diamond Sneak a Uzi on the island in my army jacket linin' Hit the Earth like a comet, invasion Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian, half-man, half-amazin And in my physical, I'll express through song Delete stress like Moltrin, extend strong Drink Moet with Medusa, give her shotguns inhale From the spliff that I lifted in Hell It ain't hard to tell (Hook) It ain't hard to tell *repeat 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: 10 Year Anniversary Illmatic Platinum Series (Bonus Disc) Song: On the Real Typed by: zimbabweed@hotmail.com Yeah yeah. On the.. On the.. On the. On the real, all you crab niggaz know the deal Finally up in this nigga Let's pay homage to Illmatic Let's put the crown where it's at 10 years Never been done this real by nobody To my seed, May I lead you into no greed or evil In the categories of stories I breed my sequel You know the money, blues, blunts, broken 22's Monkey see, Monkey do Shorty sipping sunny dew Now it's V.S.O.P. in a Phantom, mad smoky Murder trees, cruisin gat in the stash so it won't poke me Up in the Trump Plaza, Suite 3010, don't make no noise cause we dirty Tell them hoes hurry in We got the room lit up with perfume, and mad boom And there's video taping bloomin ass's on the zoomin lens Rollin on you nondescript niggaz You're marked for death like Colombians with bad coke that gyp niggaz Tilt the dutch, twisted up the uwee if you're skilled enough In Will we trust, salute the dead the nine mili busts That verse is 10 years old, 9 years old Street's Disciple The Rebirth comin at you this year baby It's on baby Yeah To the hood, may this be the day that we pop them bottles This is mandatory, what if there's not tomorrow? You know the murder rate, jealousy, you heard 'em say He say, she say, I'm bout cheddar, he don't deserve to make Sippin clear liquor with niggaz, that talk sideways Listenin close, to every word in case they violate Up in the projects Apartment 5D Spark a lea' it's bout da reed, countin everything the block see We bout to need to take the corners from them cowards Get it on so y'all can move more coke powder, by the hour Hold in case we gotta rip niggaz Loaded - Teflon coated projectiles'll flip niggaz From ninth grade to lightweight to grams to my mans with guns in hand Police vans, they missed the summers again Yeah, power to the people Death to the phonies This beast to the mic 1 2 check Y'all fed-e-rallies on me And they look like you Approachin me like "How you, Homie?" The F.B.I. see only one problem, they try to slump me After the young black male cuz he makes a lot of money So hustlers make crack sales cuz they deprived and hungry My country hates that I could run free state to state with hunnies While makin cake with real golded plate rims on Hum-V's The bush stroker, the kush smoker, nigga Just when you thought it was over look over your shoulders I'm 30 now, baby sip drinks and sip 'em slow Motto no stress, smokin less than I did befo' You see the kid was broke till I spitted vivid expressions of hard livin Ghetto children, of a lesser god, religion was fast women, expensive cars Y'all witnessin over 10 years - THE BEST OF NAS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: 10 Year Anniversary Illmatic Platinum Series (Bonus Disc) Song: Star Wars Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro] Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah, yeah [Verse 1] For niggaz up in they mom's crib listenin To this unadulterated Nas shit wishin it was then Instead a, me on this track on this beach with palm trees Drinks with umbrellas straws telling it raw Jungle of concrete killers and snakes I was amongst that Bundles of crack through this funnel that's black I want you to vision through my telescope see the hell I wrote It's Reynolds when I Wrap it like a envelope package And they would send the dope back then Numbers, pimpin and robbin, well they still robbin and pimpin But it's small change compare to hip hoppin And did I mention millions because of lip poppin Trips expensive gift shoppin whip drivin Benzes, Jeeps, see, them and they bitch got one It's shockin you thinkin naw it's just rhymin But all this time it's like organized crimin For instance, there was a time when there was a line Between streets and business, but now peep how it's mixed in The beef is now sickenin, everybody got paper Words of power, because of it the cops hate ya The government watchin all of those who thuggin it They wanna lock us up cause they kids are lovin it Not knowin that most rappers are straight ass The shots ring out, whenever we clash it's Star Wars We call it Star Wars What happens when the shots ring out, Star Wars We call it Star Wars [Verse 2] Caviar never, I rather the Cajun blacken Catfish no snails simple nigga to please Met a bad bitch dimples in her cheeks She remembers Busy B battles when it was peace Caught myself driftin in thought, cause now it's different I thought Niggaz was raised off the shit I record Like I was brought up off that Planet Rock Kurtis Blow, James Todd Smith, Shannon Scott, LaRock in the jams Why would they fuck with a don, Jehovah witness Him and his co-defendants, I eat 'em like Lucky Charms With two percent low fat milk, five percent pro black built It's nothin mother had a motherfucker I don't think about it niggaz talkin there's a lot of gossip That I'm a prophet or I can't go back to my projects Can I? Does a plant grow from a plant yes Do trees grow from a forest MC's y'all are clitoris Y'all niggaz roll with any click that's winnin any crew Doin whatever's trendy, even they leave me too Ain't enough room in this town What is beef between ghetto word spitters with crowns, Star Wars Cause this is Star Wars, shots ring out everywhere, Star Wars Cause this is Star Wars, shots ring out [Verse 3] This ain't, no Oscars or MTV or Joan Rivers fashion police Not what you read in tabloid seats These are MC's that live by the code, it's hard for me to spit it Because the game was supposed to be sold we livid Came from the streets we the voice of the youth America's nightmare was given a the mic booth Nike boots, leathers and jean, jewelry, cribs and cars Rappers not dependin on your nine to five jobs Entertainment, this is our world this is our language Different regions speakin east and west gang shit You got your positive shit like, Common Sense But even he had drama with the Don Mega Cube Acknowledge the words get twisted at times it's rules What you think is different from the block whenever we feud Fuck your pictures and your plaques your tours and autographs Don't trust bitches and niggaz who tell you your all of that Cause, they'll be in your enemies face, sayin it's safe To run in your release party sprayin the place Or catch you when you least on point, putting your keys in the door Behind you with your seeds in Kay Bee Toys store Maybe the words get disrespectful now your niggaz check you You 'gon let that nigga play you, you know we 'gon rep you Next mornin every news channel and front page Headlines another rapper was slayed, this is Star Wars The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Pete Rock Album: 10 Year Anniversary Illmatic Platinum Series (Bonus Disc) Song: The World is Yours (Remix) Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com ..."It's yours!" --> T La Rock [Nas] I sip the Dom P, watchin Gandhi til I'm charged Writin in my book of rhymes, all the words pass the margin To hold the mic I'm throbbin, mechanical movement Understandable smooth shit that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe The mind activation, react like I'm facin time like 'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets Air the Nikes on my feet, keep my cypher, complete Whether crusin in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep I can't call it, the beats make me fallin asleep I keep fallin, but never fallin six feet deep I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me [Chorus - Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) "It's yours!"--> T La Rock [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? [Nas] To my man Ill Will, God bless your life To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life My insight enlights vision Words of wisdom Niggaz pay me a tuition to listen The murder paragraphs of mysticism Man plant seeds that brings forth multiple breeds so many cultures on one  planet but one culture's free. Son, I need Weed to proceed Change the flow speed and I'm getting vex Giuliani you 6-6-6. There's no days for broke days selling smoke pays I toke the chocolate potent philles never roach-sprayed. Shit is a hassle, the bridge is like a haunted castle The mic my religion and the system is the Devil's lasso And yo, the trife life is the most influential The colors on mink skins and pens is coincidental How ya living large you broke, You're wasting time extortin papers from smokers Catching court papers getting broker [Chorus - Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) "It's yours!"--> T La Rock [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? [Nas] I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down singlehanded For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside in a thousand miles from home I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip Picturin my peeps, now the income make my heartbeat skip And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs Headed for Indiana stabbin bitches like the Phantom The crew is lampin Ill Will style Check the gold toothed smile, plus I profile wild Stash through the flock wools, burnin dollars to light my stove Walk the blocks wit a bop, checkin Danes plus the games people play, I check the games plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today [Chorus - Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The World is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) "It's yours!"--> T La Rock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lake, V-12 Album: The 41st Side Compilation Song Let 'Em Hang Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.com, DaSun Akbar [Intro: Nas] Uh, yeah, it's like that  They wanna know how nigga do it, youknowwhatimsaying? I had a nigga come up to me and ask me and shit Why I ain't got that, youknowhatimsaying? Fuck nigga get on your job, nigga let your nuts hang beeitch Check it out though [Chorus: V-12] These well, theeeeeese 41st side Lake Entertainment Oh yeah, if you come to QB you gonna get... [Nas] Yo, foes decompose in their coffins, hoes creeping with bosses No sleeping my fortress break day thinking of losses Taxes and IRS government gangstas But I'm a scientist in love with big president faces My residence changes from ghetto to acres Avoiding jealousy snake shit Can't afford another felony lake bent, driving them Porsche Niggas saying Nas came through with a flying saucer  With some strange shoes on the tiring flossing So now they now wanna offer 'em killing stick 'em and cost 'em Catch him slipping, tripping get 'em for all his fortune What's up with this Nas hatred? Y'all can suck my dick Got these niggas wives naked making them fuck my fist My mystique have the world froze My physique got me dressed up in shell toes And ganja leaf, I inhale slow I'm from out of town capsule some kind of portal Spitting these rhyme at you like a my mortal [Chorus: V-12] Lay low, lay low (lay low) 'Cause all y'all niggas know (y'all niggas) If you come to QB you're gon' get murdered  (You're gon' get murdered, murdered, murdered) You're gon' get murdered (Why get shot up?) If you come to QB you're gon' to get murdered [Lake] Same old dudes that jewel me, now salute me I've grew more than they ever though I would be Having no pops to mourn me, just show me God didn't plan for another man to control me You know me from busting my gun blood But even up north my cell smell like Christian Dior Before I lost my case I had to gain mastered Been had heart now my papers starting to match it I stack 'til they capture me and kept a bottle of half-a-G And sold 20's while I rap to beats My wifey beef over my robberies But they've put my mans in the "L" still on the armory Loyal to the heritage, though I put seven in it Dude snaked me, word to Spanky, I never snitch I put a bullet in your face 'fore I go to Jake Rule number one out here; DON'T FUCK WITH LAKE [Chorus: V-12] [Nas] Yo, yo, yo, yo Our guns are haunted with the ghost of bodies Smoke 'em like we supposed to Your whole crew comes face to face with shotty Told you! Bravehearted, we appear when it's on Light up your block like its day time y'all niggas be gon' So many niggas that's be pursuing Nas, when they spot me They be jumping out of moving cars and landing on my Timbs I tell 'em be careful don't damage the skin Amateurs cram around with the hopes to get glance at the end [Lake] Ayo most of my friends have ulterior motives I'm wise 'cause I now realize that sound is golden Mourned shorty, from cat shacky who wrote to me Living through them back then was giving hope to me I control many, being a flossiest Most notorious, Queensbridge extortionist Love my hood no question, I'ma rep it But I'm not just a QB tenant, I'm the President [Chorus: V-12] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: 8 Mile Soundtrack Song: U Wanna Be Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, oooooooooooooh baby, baby Keep it thug, and keep yo' heat, na nah nah nah nah [Nas] Now slowly, thinkin of all the things that oppose me I think of kings who died and rappers out to dethrone me For they crown they head is cut off, bodies is laid Dead in the street, it's so fuckin pitiful First they love you, could be the bitch that even live with you (hoe) Mad at your riches, now she switched, turned miserable Cause she wanna dress like Bonnie, Robin and Crystal do But Crystal's single, Bonnie's broke and her niggaz too (ha) I can do bad by myself; went from rags to wealth From Jags to Bentleys to, plenty ass bitches Can't keep they hands to theyself no more I'm like, Hugh Hefner, you lesser, you just a Wanna be me, you can't you faggot, you bitch You coward, you clown, you just wanna be down So you - wanna be me, you bitch, you phony You clone me, you wanna be son, I'm the one and only But you - wanna be me, you suckers, you weak You flunkies, you fake, you couldn't come close on my worst day But you - wanna be me, I burn you and learn you a lesson Concernin this mic profession, turn your direction [Nas] You can't be me, not in your wildest fantasy It's childish; should I have to resort to violence? Pay me a half a million, I'll consult your album And show you how to stay off my dick That's the thing I hate the most, can't even call you a man When you gotta call out my name to get you some fans No talent, you need direction; you a pussy with a yeast infection You unlucky, I'm your fuckin C-section Plus I'm the last real nigga alive Toast glass, Ill Will, the label get high Realize, how many classics I gave you Perhaps if you think back you'll realize that I made you [Nas] You can't be me, I'm tryin to walk a straight line Why they tryin to take mine? I'm past +8 Miles+ of every state line Eating, alligators and, hummingbird hearts At the player's ball, Brianni suits, y'all birds watch As real millionaire, shit'll take place Evil as Hitler's hate-race people This is God son, and I've come from the God under pure peace To represent the streets, you'll see that my plan is not to destroy your man But to bring more to mankind and teach Every MC reach for your pens and papers Lesson one be creative; what you made of junior? Cause soon you'll be a grown man with the mic in your hand And understand, to battle Nas not in your plan I'm the last real nigga alive, understand that And you my offspring, the boss sting A bulletproof Porsche things, hard for you to understand that Nas the king, where my bricks, where my band at? Play me a gangster's theme, while you entertain me If I ain't cryin laughin, to the lions, throw your ass in What the fuck was you niggaz thinkin? Guns'll clutch if I get a inklin that you comin for the kingpin But I laugh at you cowards, ha ha ha Take me out, try try try, but you You can't be me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Amongst Kings 12" Song: Amongst Kings Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] First I see a flashin' light, then on my own I hear nothin', the smell of fire in brimstone I feel hundreds arms grabbin' me, fallin' down the hole Is it because there is no Gravity my body leaves my Soul Is the Devil mad at me? will I go to Hell? Or is it Heaven that awaits me?, is too early to tell Is it now that I'm to be judged? Will I face thee bright tunnel warm lights? Will embrace me before force takes me Like I'm movin' through high winds See my self in baby carriages, relatives and friends Things manifest, kings from every planets rest here Beams of light hear the voice of the Nazareth near [Hook: Nas] You 'Amongst Kings' from both far near land Made in my emit son of God son of man You came in the spirit for I am that I am Father of all worlds fallin' angels in the land [Nas] Seen my body layin' down in the ground It was painless, didn't feel a thing Shots ring felt the anxious to get up and run I was atheist, committed Suicide I wish I could erase this shit I seen a new life before the Christ He created night & day, the sun & moon From the virgin woman's womb We lookin' down at my body, emergency room Doctors frownin' at me surgical performs, I'm doomed It's my day of judgment, eternal peace & fire Far past the stars far past the Orion I asked that you forgive father, I was tryin' Many thrones in the light but only one's truly shinin' [Hook] [Nas] Faster then the blinkin' eye, is the master or not Face to face (uh) bitin' my case so we debate (where?) Countin' all my sins (ok), where do we begin When I stabbed the man in the train station or drunk gin When I grabbed the man let the shells hit him from the Mac 10 It was all retaliation, (from what?) from way back then Now I got the black Benz (and) trips from Aspen (and) Disney World for my little girl and I'm askin' You would recognize all the good deeds I'm worth (Dear God) Send me on a trip God please the Earth So I can deliver thou want it, stop playin' He gave me life, I screamed out loud that "I Am..." (Nas... Nastradamus) [Outro: Nas] And I saw another mighty angel come down from Heaven (I Am) Clothe wit the cloud (Nastradamus) And the rainbow was upon his head as a Crown (I Am) And his face was lit as were the Sun (I Am) And his feet as pillars of fire (Nastradamus) And his name was Nastradamus (I Am) (I Am Nastradamus) Nas... Nas... Nas... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z, Lord Tariq, Nas Album: Analyze This 12" * Song: Analyze This Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * the Jay-Z and Tariq verses are from Shaquille O'Neal's "No Love Lost" what the hell...what the hell... check check check check it out what the hell...what the hell... [Chorus 1 - Lord Tariq] People know me on these streets player, I ain't new Lookin at me all funny, while I'm countin my money Suprise, what I do is already legalized Analyze what I toss across, ain't no love lost [Jay-Z] Fo' sure, everythings for dough now flow, you gotta pay a little more now It's platinum, now a days we put the gold down We stepped it up, y'all don't ever want a showdown Get wetted up by the sleeve that leave the Bezzle out Y'all don't like it? Sue me, fuck I'll settle out Ghetto'd out in the vehicle Bent These days I mellowed out, see success make a fella content Uh-huh, you know, this rap star, Poppy Chulo Jay-Z, Hugo, of course player you lost player I know you rappers wanna see me fail But quick to see a 600SL be twelve Live wit it, y'all got dough to get get it I got mine, your little bit of money couldn't stop mine Your block time, too hot, too many hands in your pie Seventy thirty, the nigga you work for work for me Bottom line [Chorus 2 - Jay-Z] People know me on these streets and the towns I been through Lookin at me, stay focused, I'm givin em straight poker suprise What I do is already legalized Analyze how I floss of course, ain't no love lost [Lord Tariq] We be the Bronx to BK'lyn, togethor we about a ton or better on the way in, we rhyme related, very underestimated That's why I'm winnin in this world of sins Steady grinnin, money boss spendin Distant from dirty women, Lord, I'm quite influencial Spiritualy and mental, what you into I done been through Preachin my words and don't know what you owe It shows you wanna be me, but won't show it Ain't nothin changed, but players, the game remains the same I had a ten year run, hey I can't complain Took the next step see, from Coke to Pepsi From the bx weed, ridin the south beach on jet-ski Play to survive, you ain't live you just livin You breathin a good one, but where I'm from, y'all forbidden Come around, bad decision, you rather be in prison aint' no duckin what I'm deliverin won't be forgivin in Layin there shiverin, half the night You gotta walk toward the light, everything is aiight I make sure everything you endure stays tight Big (*boom*) Lord Tariq, Jay-Z, outta sight [Chorus 1] [Nas] I spend nights on corners, see the crack, cop my first mac No longer scared to pump what y'all pump, now I burst back It hurts that, don't seem cream can make my purse fat Without the benefits of a doubt, I hit the hearst black But curse that, tryin to see Nas was your worst match Blowin like Tahitii, throw off NYPD Am I greedy? like I mean EDC me In a fly Salinii gimme frames in the beanie I flip my loot twice a week on my most trifest streets You got no right to eat by the laws of life you keep Ain't no love lost, none taken, none givin Stressin how I'm livin it, thinkin when my loot first came look what I did with it, bought my click glaciers and pagers, rollin ten deep to Las Vegas Copped a live croc, chopped it up, hit my block off wit gators, feedin peoples, from the bridge to Dequatas But now, two years five months and 30 days later I still put out the street flavor But watch that kid right there, a bulge in his night wear Awoke me up the ways I used to be in my heist years Bubble eye small fry loaded four five just thirstin for some person with shine to just walk by Now that I can see the 360, now that its me thats jiggy them cooly heads they wanna stick me, whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas and the Bravehearts Album: Baller Blockin' Soundtrack Song: What You Gonna Do Typed by: satan165@juno.com Intro: Straight out of QB niggas This is nas, lo With my braveheart niggas Jungle, wiz and horse fuckin with these cash money millionaires so what yall gonna do about that niggas Hook: We on your block We got rocks You got robbed The man got shot That nigga's dead Come get revenge We getting money We in the benz We drive cars We fuck your hoes We taking charge We gettin dough Yall niggas pussy I cut your face I'm in your hood Every fucking day [Verse One: Wiz] Yeah What up nigga im back Fuck you got the mac Touch you and them niggas you with The bigger your clique the bigger my clip The bigger my gun them niggas im with is horse and jung And of course youll become a corpse if you fucking with me The 44 caliber killer don't tussle with me I been to war couple of times slept in the cold Shed tears seen it all been outside for years What this life mean to yall? Money ice and cars Bustin nuts in broads Never trusting god You better trust him had with you when you hustlin It was him that kept me alive when niggas was bustin He aint gonna save you so when I AK you and spray you I run in your spot and take all whats yours So you lay on the floor we expanding What you gonna to do about it nigga? Not a damn thing Hook: We on your block We got rocks You got robbed The man got shot That nigga's dead Come get revenge We getting money We ridin in the benz We drive cars We fuck your hoes We taking charge We get the dough Yall niggas pussy We cut your face We in your hood Every fucking day [Verse 2a] What the fuck yall was born brave? I put a slug through your cornbraids Summertime broad day You get your face blown right at the pay phone I got big guns that break bones Beef with me you take home to your family Bullets fly randomly Wet you like hard rain Bravehearts gangbang [Verse 2b: Nas] Yo last night it was on Niggas came pistols drawn Poppin off I had to run they shot one the kid is gone niggas quick to get it on know the block im living on queens bridge murders kings live merciless heartless crazy mercedes the projects young killas OG's enemies targets blow weed henessee more beef let it be no chance of wetting me I hold heat in the streets rolls royce drop top crusing where the women be last nigga fucked around hes a hood memory fresh nikes wife beater knicks jersey white sneakers heavy like an ice freezer deadly not nice either ill fuck the hoe with pussy that's mind blowing do my thug dance in clubs with my nine showing niggas tell they hoes, "why you fucking with nas? He just gonna nut on your eyes have you suck all his guys and also he say when you done cussin his by" you aint thuggin you lie bitch brave till we die bitch [Verse 2c: Horse] ??? a nigga that would kill something over something small the one you cant ??? with unless you paid in full the one that hold grudges cause gun games for free the only thing you wetting and splittin is ??? im the one that lift the skirts up on fake ass rappers that be killin for a long time but now it don't happen all them tough guys is wanksters they ??? me in their songs im a braveheart till death so I got to die strong a big man that's troublesome and follow no rules run through crews after smoking blunts and sippin on brews disrespecter pistol whippin hustlers for their cheddar the deebo of the rap game but walk with a beretta my heart is made of stone my eyes is filled with blood survivors of the street wars yall niggas know whats up from the projects to penthouse yall niggas better look out before these braveheart motherfuckers put they gun in your mouth Hook: We on your blocks We got glocks You get robbed The man get shot That nigga's dead Come get revenge We getting money We ridin in the benz We drive cars We fuck your hoes We taking charge We gettin dough Yall niggas pussy We cut your face We in your hood Every fucking day Shit talking at end: We in your hood Every fucking day niggas Every day niggas, huh Look around niggas We on top What you gonna do about it nigga? What you got to say about it nigga? That's right That's right Run all over yall niggas What yall gonna do about it? Nothin Bunch of corny ass phony ass niggas Get brave nigga we brave nigga (bravehearts!) Brave to the death baby (bravehearts!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Be a Nigger Too (Promo Single) * Song: Be a Nigger Too Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * cut from the final release of "Untitled" [Nas] Turn your radios up.. You are now allowed to listen to the radio.. The REAL niggaz are back, on the radio.. Uh, no slackin, no beggin, no askin, no fastin No disrespect to Islam nor Imam or Pastor No answers to questions the media's askin Why we fight each other in public in front of these arrogant fascists? They love it; puttin the old niggaz vs. the youngest Most of our elders failed us, how could they judge us? Niggaz There's verbal books published by niggaz, produced by niggaz Genuine niggaz, so I salute my, niggaz Not mad 'cause Eminem said nigga, 'cause he my nigga wigga, cracker, friend - we all black within, okay? We all African, okay Some Africans don't like us no way! A killng happened in Johannesburg, yesterday Slain artist named Lucky Dube, hijacked Some say N-double A-C-P, keep us sidetracked But I don't buy that, I buy Aston Martins Faster cars than, NASCAR cars and, sparkin while ridin Critics, eat a dick! Journalists see I'm rich with this N-word jargon I'm just starting, bitch! [Chorus: imitating the "Dr. Pepper" commercial jingle]  I'm a nigger, he's a nigger, she's a nigger, we some niggers  Wouldn't you like to be a nigger, too? To all my kike niggers, spic niggers, guinea niggers, chink niggers That's right, y'all my niggaz, too  I'm a nigger, he's a nigger, she's a nigger, we some niggers  Wouldn't you like to be a nigger, too They like to strangle niggers, blamin niggers, shootin niggers, hangin niggers Still you wanna be a nigger, too? True.. Wake up in the mornin, shake my third leg in the toilet Uzi on the nightstand, I'm the man you go to war with Not a man you go to war against, patience, I'll get you  if that means I can't sleep a WHOLE YEAR, I'ma get you I'm official not "A-Tisket" or "A-Tasket" I'll put you in the casket, with the biscuit or the ratchet They smoke hibiscus, they plants or trees, advanc-ed weed Don't forsake us, you all are fake blood like move make-up I flow tighter as Tootie's braces, who be hatin us? I be on a state bus in shackles if my .8 bust 'Cause y'all some tellers, opposite of bankers I'm the shit for ages, my clique still real QB gangsters Clique still movin like Freemasons So if I'm on the flow for the law, there's lodges all across the nation Nas is bred for the plan, to hold the Grand Dragon's head in my hand, come and get me, here I am [Chorus, omit "true"] Artist: DMX, Method Man, Nas, Ja Rule Album: Belly soundtrack Song: Grand Finale Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [DMX - dialogue] I ain't goin back to jail Next time, the County or the State see me it's gonna be in a bag UHH! This is it baby! End of the road, ha hah! When you a dawg, you a dawg for life! You don't hear me though, you don't hear me though You don't hear me though, c'mon, c'mon! [Method Man] Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from the Friday the 13th, ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin, snatch yo' ass out that S-Class for fakin, forty-fo' blast is a bloodbath, take your first step down a thug path Ain't no love here, just slugs here Kids know the half you get plugged here, that's just impossible for the weak to last now behold the unstoppable Third eye watchin you, watchin me Throwin rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea Young G we was born to die, don't cry for me Just keep the heat closely and ride for me Cause we family for better or worse, you and I from the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt to be here, and each year, I'm pourin out more beer for deceased peers, holdin fort Police line 'Do Not Cross', they found his corpse in the loft with the head cut off, and butt naked Homicide the crime Method, add another killer verse to the murder record, the Grand Finale [Lennox speaking - movie dialogue] Who wan' test me, c'mon! Me shot pussy-hole fi fun [Nas Escobar] Hot corners, cops with warrants, every block is boring Friday night, getting bent, lick a poem My dawg, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but, dawgs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge, and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh Chorus: Ja Rule (repeat 2X) When you a dawg you a dawg for life (ride or die) My dawgs feel pain from love (see eye to eye) Give us one shot at life (let us fly) Come on niggaz! (we dawgs for life) [DMX and Lakid {dialogue}] There's mad money out here dawg Mad money out here What you tryin to get it? (Word up) You gonna bust your gun to get it? (Tsh, whatever yo) I hear you I hear you [DMX] Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D The dawg come and getcha outside The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED? Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine, c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Blood Diamond Soundtrack Song: Shine Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com {*Man Singing & Humming in Foreign Language*} [Intro: Nas] They wanna shine on 'em Shine on 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Escobar f/ Winchester Yankee Album: Boricua Guerrero "First Combat" Song: The Profecy Typed by: lchingon@hotmail.com (Yankee) Coming from the shadow of the Iceland    We are Winchester Yankee "n" Nas Escobar    Pablo, What'z up pa? (Nas) What'z up pa? Keep it raw for ya    No doubt, P-R, Check it (Nas) Play your position, Focus on life see what you're missing Reality, The tale or the caliver 45 nickels 9, Check the calendar 9-7 deep algebra, Black flaca Ruled the world high, ??? with my ganster for single years And rap words immulate my life for years Autobiography a part of me Portraits of the ill sh*t inside of me Magnetic, Jigged up to my fatal wig Any position I am, I find a way to live Out of state, On the block, Or behind metal gate Yo this heavyweight got cheddar to make Smack your head off, Click wildling, Push thru Puerto Rock warriors, Took you thru the drama Escobaro, Pablo, Miliano, Papo take the world pronto Word to mines, Genuine, Senor Juan at your table Poison you, Mad fatal Just the way it is when you let the hood raise you Never let them hoes play you Mental, Smart, Strong and stable (Yankee) Trenta-Trenta, Me sesenta metrales letal violenta Alimente-Mental de toda mi gente completa Fundamenta es mi letra, I represent the instrumental Rapida lenta, Winchester se la inventa en lo noventa Liricas respuestas para preguntas que no contestan Como el misterio, De cuando suena la trompeta 6-6-6 "yo" sera la marca de la bestia Directo para tu frente o tu mano derecha El infierno, Sobre la tierra Socio, Que dice que en la calle tenia el jugo Para cualqiera gatillo darle Decia ???, Siempre vivira en mi vida en grande Con tanta guilladeres ahora copera con lo federales Se dejo llevar por la malda, El chico en todo momento La envidia, Gatillo, Demonios que andan suerto Tienen ojos y no miran como si tuvieran un bendaje Nadie podra serrar mis ojos espirituales Es para el gatillero que solo pienza en maltilleo Gapea un par de saco para picharle al nevuleo De momento se siente, Que lo pueden cojer dormido Tiene que estar alerta haci que le mete al perico De momento siente una persecucion enorme No lo aguanta, Corre y lo baja con la ??? Entonce empieza el problema cuando le suertan el fulete Lo patea el rifle, La misma historia al inocente Y recuerdo las palabras de quien me tuvo en su ??? Tu futuro depende de la siembra de tu sobra Cada cual es reponsable de su cosecha y la persona Que siembra el gatillo su fruto sera la muerte Espada muere, Al que tambien espada hiere Impacta y mata, Lirica intocable intacta No tengo enemigo, El unico es el Satan Canta, Cosa que no sea ??? ??? Quien es el ganster, Eres? What'z up? What'z up? What'z up? (Nas) "Yeah, Ya know the deally Ya know the deally, When the cops get peally For really, Check the drilly" "Yo" ride expeditions, Diamonds, New York finest Large gods, See the god Nas is time less Mac official, Black pistol, Rap hit you Much love to Puerto Rico, We rolling with you Winchester here to bless you 9-7 Big Nas love out to P-R And we out like that, Keep the gaps cock back "Winchester and Nas, On the rise baby P-R to Q-B, Word up" (Yankee) "P-R, N-Y-C, Winchester Yankee    Para Puerto Rico, Boricua Guerrero    Soy valioso como Bernie Williams en este juego    "Ha, Ha, No doubt pa"  > "Otra, Otra, Otra... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Pharrell Album: Charlie's Angel: Full Throttle Soundtrack Song: Nas' Angels... The Flyest Typed by: jammanxc@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Word word word word [Nas] I come through in a new double R listening to smiling faces Check out my jewelry pound in your faces Italian air forces leather laces with the basket weave Iron in your face so fast from the draft so sneeze It's the nastiest, flashiest, turn girls to Massicast Cause I be giving them pain, it's a cold world Bernie Mac will be snappin' on you But I ain't a joke; you think I'm here to entertain you Fallen angel after them halos Nobody moves until I say so, take the money out the safe slow Escape route and I'm out, I cake out like intimates like the brightest, the flyest You got to be the flyest I know your ass is mean, like you be strappin them jeans, but you can work it like that You got to be the flyest You just take my pumps while standing in your pumps cause you can work it like that You got to be the flyest You just breathe and stare while I'm pulling your hair cause you can work it like that You got to be the flyest You can be Nas's angel, let the largest train you but you work it like that [Nas] Uh, Philly rap a hydro, puffing on a line slow You sea deep need me keep me kickin' like Del Reco Pull up at the Delano South Beach I know For King Solomon jury security in the Tahoe Spandex for money, I stay on the tight G-packs and weed stacks stay on the flight Elbow out the left window, okays on the right Canary out our ears, you know she playing them right Hilton style, billionaire boys club Braveheart, ya'll don't want no war with us Dump a semi-auto made by, I made girls bust When I hit them full thrust, full throttle [Nas] Big living, what it tastes like, tapes right, used to hate life To move an eight, every night was my passion Pipe bombs safe from stashes, Aston's, Rolls Royces Cold oysters and many sorts of women shake like horses I got them peeling out their clothes, really about this dough Problem, hear me out just scone from my pistol poppin' It's at my mind, just a mystery school Brainwash them, then fix them with my tools Mami hit me with some moves I'm addicted to spinning, dipping these women in different waters Watching for dudes with tape recorders on them cause they informants I been okay with these warmers Girls harass me and gas me and say that I'm enormous Move your waist girl.. Yeah yeah (x2) You got to be Nas's Angel You can be Charlie's Angel You can be Nas's Angel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Come Take a Ride (Two-Seater) 12" Song: Come Take a Ride (Two Seater) Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook: Nas] **2X** 'Come Take a Ride' you can fit up in my two-seater Nas a thug you can catch me in my wife beater Blowin' my drugs you know how I like the cheeba-cheeba And if you hatin' and I prolly don't like it either [Nas] Fresh dressed like a million bucks Threw on my black jeans and Timberland Chucks I got some moneys in my pockets got some money to spend Got some hoochies I'ma hook up wit quarter to ten My daughter wit me and we came from the mall Don't need no baby mama drama Kissed her on the cheek and dropped her back off I hit the car wash at half past four Some kid was star struck I pulled off my grass and let 'em puff sour My deuce-deuce rims shinin' happy as they can be I went to the famous Project that they call QB I saw some brothers gamblin' on the curb A shorty pulled a pistol took they paper, nigga that's my word I turned the corner wit my burner and palm Niggaz know my name and game I'm a murderous Don Saw my peoples then extended my arm Pulled on the sidewalk, no time to talk If y'all comin' come on; come on! [Hook: Nas] **2X** [Nas] Talk like a champion, walk like a champion Body like a God and I promise that Nas'll a hit you off Flow like a gangsta, brum bum bum bum bum Bustin' black dummies and dustin' all y'all niggaz off I've been around a couple of times, know how things go I dealt wit 'em all on different occasion The same things'll come in different stages So when them things rise up or pop up I look right past as if its weightless Meanin' it won't intervene the thought process So I can levitate to more important topics Laughin' the Face of Death, flash back of car crashes 20 L's Grey Goose vodka and tall glasses Dippin' in the twilight Wit gangsta smokin' weed in my ride light The same stuff is still a bitch livin' like I'm rich Bang broads call me Mr. International, ghetto stars come on [Hook: Nas] **2X** [Nas] Slow like I robbed Brinks truck, haters all fold Cuz my .9 is aimed up, I left four seasons My niggaz bleedin' cause of four reasons Jealousy, hate, laziness and envy even Up in the Benzie squeezin' a couple Henny wit my comrad Conversatin' on what we believe in Like honey in the way she's been cause he's spend G's a week in the make freak knees bend I told her to pimp hard, see the hoes we left in the room They nymphomaniacs prolly lick homegirls womb As respect just phone 'em and leave 'em & shit They not your wife keep your cash nigga don't even trip Pass the grass accordingly, you saw police But when I puffed and coughed Seconds later screamin' "Fuck the Lord" Got CD's, TV's, guns tucked in the floor Once again I hit the streets and y'all don't see no more So uh... [Hook: Nas] **5X** The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Death Anniversary 12" Song: Death Anniversary Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.Com, dasun_akbar@hotmail.com I know all of y'all hear me, none of y'all scare me 'Cause niggaz die daily Coming out with my guns real early Laying in your stairway, 'cause niggaz die daily So I got niggaz around you mad like they're back for their man you've killed just a year ago today So call it a death anniversary rushing to emergency, niggaz die daily [Nas] What if I told you that AZ didn't exist And I put him their, played it like a ventriloquist 'Cause niggaz spit fake shit and y'all respect it I spit that real shit and y'all won't buy the record What if me and the rapper homey was really cool And we used that whole thing as a media tool would you say I was a sucka or say I was savvy If I told you mothafucka's that me and K wasn't married? What if Jungle wrote my shit and I'm really illiterate And the whole Nas catalog was just an experiment What if I really died when Ill Will got shot This is Will rhyming right now while Nas is chilling with 'Pac What If I did all the advertisements thrown my way And I've boned every chick that would throw me some play I'd have to load another AK 'cause niggaz be jealous 'Cause we real like them Brazil favelas [Nas] Scream at the nigga "breathe don't breathe your last breath" But you know a nigga dead when he pee on himself Blatter giving up on 'em, face start to puff on 'em Bloating up, nigga cold as fuck, trying hold on 'em Loosen up the nine out of his fingers Angels coming only he can hear the psalms that they're singing And it hurts me, the planets cursed, B This your niggaz first year anniversary This how it goes down in every ghetto So it's quite natural for rappers to settle and make pop music, nursery hooks 'Cause back then we thought the only thing that worked was the jooks They're tryna pimp a game that done pimped them first I'm pimping the industry so they acknowledge our worth The next anniversary we all unite Let's all get together or we're loosing the fight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: DJ Clue Presents - The Great Ones Pt. 2 Song: Eye 4 An Eye Freestyle Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro: Nas] Yo this Nas niggas whuttup? QB Album coming, niggas Ill Will, Bravehearts My nigga DJ Clue - put this shit on these niggas Desert Storm baby 2000! [Nas] A Drug dealers dream - flip his last Ki out the game 'Cause entertainment money now is off the chain I put blunts in niggas caskets, lost in the game I learned about pain, bodies burnt in drug game But I'm neva gon' die, I neva heard of death Energy could neva be destroyed Only the flesh, when you niggas try to murder me with bullets to my head This is my you can't kill me niggas I'm already dead, BRING IT!! I'm busting bodies fall in the cemetery Black blood raining on the street All you niggas, buried y'all Niggas just came home, fresh out the state greens five time felon, thinking he jelling in Queens It's pitiful - what bid could do, especially federal Y'all young thugs wilding, see prison Got a bed for you waiting, I clapped that Satan But thought I was dreaming I woke up masturbating in the bed with demons I cried with every bit of strength of my small body This is the life I chose, under God I'm tiny Hard to find me, I popped up, lock shot-up You can't B.I., see I'm eternal, not luck You get shot-up, boxed-up next for the grave Your flow is one dimensional, your level is 2nd grade You're on top -- WHAT? Copy and fuck, I said it first, you repeated Your false crown covered in dirt - defeated Y'all niggas all hail, the King is dead He running like a bitch with his tail between his legs 'Stillmatic', still eye 4 an eye, wanna be God You're just the next rapper to die, fucking with Nas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Don't Body Ya Self 12" Song: Don't Body Ya Self Typed by: mikeymike636@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Hope y'all make it through the storm You know what though, I love the rain man A lot you cats are runnin your mouths Your runnin your mouths crazy Think y'all got to ease up though, you know Ease up fore somethin happen man We don't want that At least you don't Be easy man Tell you how it feels to be on top of the world But y'all nigga betta take it slow Don't body ya self Don't body ya self Don't body ya self nigga Yeah, yeah Everybody get low niggaz Dedicated to the fuck Nas coalition Touch my dough I'm lettin .40 cals blow nigga Not cals with four legs But cals with more lead That add up more dead It's on nigga I'm a bury them Niggaz don't want beef they vegetarian Scared of pussy you climbed out a caesarian I push ya grown ass back in your mothers womb You need nine more mouths Your crews nine more punks You rhyme on stuff and claim I didn't sign y'all up If I sign y'all I'm on dust Ya we from the same hood but nigga what?! When y'all was tryin to rap y'all was makin me proud Man now you fucked up, down on your luck, runnin your mouth man Why don't be a real man, say you need a lil help And I might help your ass off the shelf But noooo, you're bein disrespectful Thinkin son so cool that he won't check you Stand down, the king is home Queens is on, NASDAQ, Dow Jones Don't body ya self Crazy Take it slow man Slow down Take it slow motherfucker Don't body ya self Let's listen Let's just listen Don't body ya self Listen Slow down though man Slow down Ya'll gotta take it slow I am De Niro after Am.Ex. commercials and "The Fockers" With Martin Scorsese after Gangs Of New York could rock this Back together with the master plan The rebirth of Langston Hughes, I'm that man I'm in the streets like old graffiti I'm hearin wankstas talkin greasy Whether broke or rich my friend Nasir bring that career to an end And I'm bored with you MCs B Ya'll beneath me And my raps bring horror like a board of Ouiji Of course I'm the king, get my shine on And I blind y'all cause they call me "The Lord of the Rings" Pinky heavy man, big stones in the weddin ban Smell of brimstone back from Hell again Next verse gets worse from God's son to Devil's sin Ya'll need to take it slow Don't body ya self Motherfucker act like ya know (05') Motherfucker better take it slow Don't body ya self They say Jada defeated him Joe to street for him What's next? I guess it's for Nas to ether him Ya'll awaiting an MC burial This is ethereal, FM stereo to XM radio What does it mean he thoreal? Hmm.. whether heavenly or spiritual Extreme, delicately like in a way that seems too perfect for this world Man that is ritous, faithful and keeps law Will surely live to cleanse the soverend Lord And you are none of the above So you a sucka for death if I'm a sucka for love And ya wanna know why I don't got an answer niggaz Cause I truely understand these niggaz Scared of me so they talk about family members Like I can't point out your grandma to niggaz Damn you was my man like crew dawg Don't make me change your body frame to blue fog The Q is the borrow of true dons Any disrespect nigga we chose arms Will it be gilmore or crowes? Nigga act like ya know Yeah Ya betta take it slow Motherfucker act like ya know Mess around and body ya self Don't body ya self The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Exit Wounds soundtrack Song: Gangsta Tears Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus 2X: Nas] (I'm cryin gangsta tears) Only a few can feel my pain (I'm cryin gangsta tears) Only if I could show you (I'm cryin gangsta tears) Only if you was in this game (I'm cryin gangsta tears) You'd feel the whirlwind blow you [Nas] My daily dose is ferocious I smoke dope, just as strong as opium Hopin I'm close to just breakin frustration; speakin on podiums Facin this cold world head-on, dead on arrivals Young black, poor education guns crack The gang violence done that Nighttime, the guns blow, streets got snitches dealers, bitches, killers and blunt smoke, clubs open Benzes, Jeeps, dubs pokin out tires Thugs with heat, pay security, to let them slide in Huh, I'm at the corner driftin, sippin, Cognac To' back, know dat soldiers is packin no secret Though I'm broken hearted women done left me hopeless in darkness Smokin, driftin in sickness, stand by oceans watch the sun glisten I'm soul-searchin, I'm soul-hurtin What happens when money don't make you happy I wish this on no person Ate at the classy places, made all my fashion statements I got no friends I'm lonely, don't want no pity save it [Nas] Yo, ride in the nighttime, I'm high, got on my flight suit Hood with the Nike sign, dark colors on Pull up the block my brother's on I hug him and we blow trees (sup nigga?) Scopin for police Guns on our hip, fiends want a fix, stumblin tricks (right here) We left the drug game alone Brothers is jealous cause we still call the hood our home What could you tell us? At funerals my eyes swell up (damn) Look at my dog lay in the casket Twin shotgun barrels had blasted And rest in peace Barkin, is all I could whisper as I paid respect, kissed his face and felt hard skin It's part of God's plan, but why so many niggaz have to die? It's crowded in this place, let the priest and pastor by Bandana covers my eye, I'm scopin through the room I see killers and thieves, mob bosses and goons And yet I feel responsible when my nigga's pronounced dead inside the hospital, I wish there's somethin I could do, but.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm Album: Firm Biz (Import Single) Song: Firm Freestyle Typed by: tatagrabba@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist (Foxy) uh, uh huh, huh y'all cats ain't ready for the firm  uh, dats right, uh, uh huh, brooklyn shit [Foxy Brown] All y'all hoes wanna stop my chips Stare a bitch down when I rock my whips(UH!) Knowin that you hate me on the low, cock glock by dicks Stick me for the ice on my wrists Keeps the chorme fifth, make you so sick Y'all hoes give me honostly no choice but to shit 'Ficially Firm, no extra shit, no suprises No disguses, no Foxes, lil Nases Stictly Fan Fam, AZ, Mega, Na Na, Nas Esco for eva When y'all hoes is in the range ain't no tame to y'all I'm still a young bitch and i'm ashamed of y'all Mad cuz they know no clique claimed to y'all And y'all hoes is like fuck me, the same to y'all (thats right) And I really got no time to play no games with y'all And if I feel like shittin on y'all, I'm namin y'all (UH!) If I'm soundin kinda harsh, please ignore me Not to stop ya rhyme flow, but ya'll makes takes shorty The nerve of y'all hoes tryna gail me And Uhhhh, ya broke bitch, what the fuck ya tryna stale me (Nas) where ya 4X(singing) where ya at nigga? [Nas] Lost to the bosses Rhymes in my mind like these pearls and oysters Jew-els you deal because we bail in porches Of course its the firm, this court is ajourned My thoughts is to burned y'all little nases Middle guises mouthin off I wanna speak to y'all leaders, you bump and smoke cheeba I shoot em in my two seat-a Yo you's the worst clown The Jamie Fox with his first down, first rounds If ya made it when it takes to stay paid I'm in the trade trade in the double-o kuzzle Guzzelin don twist on my dro my drugs yo Glistenin um... rollie platinum like my records My wallet be mad brolick From Queen Bride Projects, the hottest Still real from palm sockets Hoes lovin the dick, I'll smuggle my wrist To remind me of the days when it was nothing like this I used to bust a nut on my fist, imaginin it was some lips, sucking my dick Now I'm handcuffin my chicks, and yours too Layin back gettin the all woo, In the back of the four-two-zero Y'all better respect black DeNiro Have ya crew graph a miro, of ya face with a halo On your building on your block where you stay low End your career, niggas like remember him, yeah Nigga fucked with Esco, the emperor Thought I might have passed you cris Yo a nigga passed you pissed Made the wrong move, now the nigga ass is His We the firm baby boys, y'all surpass to this Keep the facts about real life and death situations Mack with real ice, rings, his breath taken See me floss with whores, jumpin ways and doors The crew papa commisioned out and clue(?) zada(?) Gatherin thoughts up in the 12 bed room casa The cigars on the way to see the opera Up in the balcony with the wineians binocular Black and white tuxes, black hustlers Fuck with us, firm buisness we'll discuss this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nate Dogg, Nas, JS Album: FB Entertainment Presents: The Goodlife Album Song: Good Life Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Nate Dogg & (Nas)] (All star baby) Young quick see (F-U-B-U) Lately all I see is D-P-G (Q-B, L-B-C niggas) When I turn the radio on keep hearin' me (All day, everyday) Livin' the good life, good life uh huh good life (Braveheartz) [Nate Dogg & (Nas)] Sure as the world is turnin' round and round (Shit is real yo) There's these niggas, bitches, snitches tryin' to bring you down (Fucked up) But I don't know why I mention And if I don't pay no attention I'm cool (Real niggas do real things) (Real niggas do real things) Sure as my chronic is the best in town [* Inhale and coughs *] Those who trippin' slippin' listen, we ain't stoppin' now (Can't stop) We won't even pause, y'all can lick my balls (Bitches) We livin' the good life, good life, good life (Livin' the good life baby) [Hook] Young quick see (Come on, come on) Lately all I see is D-P-G (Nate Dogg) When I turn the radio on keep hearin' me (Still, still, still) Livin' the good life, good life uh huh good life (We livin' the life) [JS] It ain't nothin' but a paper chase But even when ya paper straight Every stage just another way to see cake But niggas still gotta die hate Well fuck it, I'ma do it cause the streets put me to it See y'all niggas is late See it's big face, big livin' Big dogs and big pimpin' Game played with nothin' but precision Money, cars, and women See niggas hatin' cause they on the outside Wishin' they could find a way in it You see the rims spinnin' all black tinted With the niggas who'll bring it to ya brain If it's fuckin' with change Fifty-four nigga remember the name Ritz, glitz only when we empty clips And dismember your brain Cause I remember pain, gain pain, this winner reign But now it's high tech out here in the center lane See we got the world respectin' the slang The good life, hit the studio, the club, straight to the plane [Hook] [Nas] Yo, yo, yo Pass you cowards, classical rap mix form power Yasser Arafat, I'm stormin' with lead showers And I'm murderous, common is formerly Nastradamous I'm goin' for the top regardless Pretty Boy Floyd, the rotten tooth king Ghosts of my dead friends linger I toast to you lover, blunts lit, wish I was hittin' Cock back, four pound, let six in the air Rock that raw sound, gettin' wet to this year Cause of the projects Hannibal Lec, hand on my tech In front the White House, my ice out demandin' respect Braveheartin' to the grave darlin' wavin' my sterling From out the black Bentley it's off, spray till y'all fallin' East to West Coast ballin' Nate Dogg, Nas, and Kurupt, liven it up, dimes in the cut Sizin' us up, y'all wanna fuck, gin and tonic my cup And we live the good life, still chronic it up [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The General (Promo) 12" Song: The General (Salute Me) Typed by: da_rockwilda@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Swizz Beatz] Yo man, it's a real game out here Know what I'm sayin Nas? Beats back in effect man Swizz Beatz da monsta (what's poppin?) [Nas] Get in line, everybody get in line Listen the fuck up, to what's going down Pay attention, aight? [Chorus]x2 Niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, they should salute me So fuck who you are I'm the motherfuckin general [Nas] When I walk through everything stops, silence Remain quiet, babies don't cry thugs don't buss Cops cut off sirens, oxygen freeze Noises to a minimun nigga, I pop and I squeeze I represent the pain and struggle Cut out your eyeballs then brain-fuck you Yo you testin with death I'm confronting the justice, expressing my voice to the public They got to free some brothas or we kidnap the judges They got to free some sistas or we kidnap the judges They got to beat the system that's enslaving the poor Our practicing, gun rages, they R's and .44's Many fought teams and for green this is war This is life and I'm the hardest, got ya label all scared Callin up the radio, don't want my records to air Y'all ain't playin fair, to every rapper in the game,  I'm comin fo y'all blood, make room for the king...Nas [Chorus]x2 [Nas] I'm the leader, that's it, nobody higher Nobody touchin my crown, nobody dyin Nobody smoother, harder, tougher, believe it I'm much more smarter, much more strategic Scholarships and hollow tips, a lot of walkin caskets They talk a good one but there's never no action And I'm the type to poison ya sista, twist her Through wit her, put the gun in your face and make you hit her Make you quiver -when they silhouette of a Don, Benson Light up a Cu-ban, recite a few psalms Enlighten you quick, teach you how a king wins wars Keep your ears to the street, love your enemies more 'Cuz hate can frustrate, and confuse Too eager you lose, patience, plan your attack then you move - ghetto Green Berets, got freaks got hoes who be jumpin out of movin cars and land at my feet - because [Chorus]x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Brainpower Album: God's Son (Dutch Version) Song: One Mic (Remix) Typed by: b_tony1@hotmail.com [Nas & {Brainpower} speaking] turn my headphones up, nothing gon' stop me now {uhu, Nas ... Brainpower} i'm here baby, we here! it's yo' world .. [Brainpower *gradually getting louder*] Dit is voor al m'n peeps en fans En hersenders die verder kijken dan de pers De kudde meningsvorming, de herder dit verse Hoe hevtiger de stress, des te verder de levensles - Zich ontwikkeld, des te verder het besef Wat moet je zonder liefde beginnen, misgeliefde beminnend In 't diepste van binnen, met omin liefde verzinnen Vertaal me tranen in leven, in lyrics zwevend Woorden banen zich snelwegen in de geest, met lanen en stegen Binnen in haalt m'n hart z'n weg, naar m'n vingers Kan het niet echter verzinnen Hand op m'n pen, en m'n tekst kan beginnen Sirenes wennend zwaar in m'n brain Van jaren lang een vreemde eend, tot een maand op nummer n En flashbacks van m'n jongenskamer, jaren alleen De dood van geliefde, [*gun shot*] en viel m'n tranen in een Je breekt daar, wat wou je nou Als je verder gaat en denkt.. na Hou jij van jouw, als je nergens staat Een weg met lege praat, ga niet voor geld of de bedels Ben me bewust van deze verse, dus benut elke regel Je hoort de Brain omdat je puur wou Voor iedereen, van Nederland tot Kaap-Verdi, Aruba, Bonera, Curacao Suriname, Turkije, [...], Marokko em Vlaanderen Afrika tot Aziatische wijken, Zuid-Amerika, Europa USA en wereldwijd, m'n wereld blijft in n vibe Naast de Brain in 1 Mic! [Nas & {Brainpower} *whispering again*] All I need is one mic.. {kom, kijk, en luister} All I need is one mic.. {1, mic} All I need is one mic.. {kom, kijk, en luister} all I need All I need is one mic.. {1 mic} yeah, uhu [Nas *gradually getting louder*] All I need is one cub, one page, and one pen One prayer - tell God forgive me for one sin Matter fact maybe more than one, look back at all the hatred against me, touch alla them Jesus died at age 33, there's thirty-three (shots) from (twin glocks) there's sixteen apiece, that's thirty-two Which means, one of my duns was holdin 17 Twenty-seven hit your crew, six went into you Everybody gotta die sometime; hope your funeral never get caught up, pain go through the innocent Nothin is fair, brothers roll up, (shootin) from wheelchairs My heart is racin, tastin revenge in the air I let it all slide for too many years, too many times Now I'm strapped with a couple of (macs), too many (nines) If y'all people really wit me get busy load up the (semis) Do more than just hold it explode the (clip) until you empty There's nothin in our way - they bust, we bust, they rust, we rust (Led) flyin, feel it? I feel it in my gut THAT WE TAKE THESE DUDES TO WAR, LIE 'EM DOWN CAUSE WE STRONGER NOW MY PEOPLE THE TIME IS NOW!! [Nas & {Brainpower} *whispering again*] All I need is one mic.. {kom, kijk, en luister} All I need is one mic.. {1, mic} All I need is one mic.. {kom, kijk, en luister} all I need All I need is one mic.. {1 mic} yeah, uhu [Brainpower *gradually getting louder*] Alleen in boeken verstraten Lees je boeken, luister je blaten Hoor politici weer oefenloos praten Voel je verlaten, en moet dan wel wraken Het goede verlaten, plaatsmakend voor woede - Door haten en voel je gelaten Wie gooid er roet in zaken Wie blijft er vloeken en praten Wie heeft het goed en wie flaat het Wie is bedroefd en wie schaad het Wie hoest er - wie gaapt er Wie broest er - wie slaapt er Wie doet er zoveel namaak Wie bloed er, wie haperd Zoveel vragen in een wereld Banger en enger, en ben met verlangen verstrengeld Op de klank van merengue En voor speciale personen voel ik diepe liefde, die prachtig is MC ik niet voor niets, verdieper dan in een alchemist FUCK een diss! pak is, ik rock op shit Ik rock een diss, veel te lang ingeslikt To m'n ziel naar adem snakkend is Alleen vrede in m'n geest Op stage met die ene mic Wreed en hight, tekeer gaand als een vreselijk beest Schreeuw et uit! verschil moet er zijn Tyfus voor non-believers Laat je niks wijs maken, peeps, en ga voor wat je lief is En je hoeft niet te doen alsof, die shit is jezelf En zoek maar waar je wilt, echt waar maar het zit in jezelf! [Nas & {Brainpower} *whispering again*] All I need is one mic.. {kom, kijk, en luister} All I need is one mic.. {1, mic} All I need is one mic.. {kom, kijk, en luister} all I need All I need is one mic.. {1 mic} {*starting loud this time, getting quieter*} ALL I NEED IS ONE LIFE, ONE TRY, ONE BREATH I'M ONE MAN WHAT I STAND FOR SPEAKS FOR ITSELF, THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND Or wanna see me on top, too egotistical Talkin all that slick stuff, my name is political Wonder what my secrets is, enemies'll move on you only if they know, what your weakness is I have none Too late; I'm mad done, I'm blastin cause I'm a cool brother Thought I wouldn't have that ass done? Fooled you brothers What you call a infinite brawl, eternal souls clashin War gets deep, some beef is everlastin Complete with thick scars, brothers knifin each other up in prison yards, drama, where does it start? You know the block was ill as a youngster Every night it was like a, (cop) would get killed body found in the dumpster For real a hustler, purchased my Range, people throwin dirt on my name Jealous cause fiends got they work and complain Women left me cause they thought I was finished Shoulda knew she wasn't true she came to me when her man caught a sentence Diamonds are blindin, I never make the same mistakes Movin with a change of pace, lighter load, see now the king is straight Swellin my melon cause none of these brothers real Heard he was, tellin police, how can a kingpin squeal? This is crazy, I'm on the right track I'm finally found You need some soul searchin, the time is now [Nas *whispering again*] All I need is one mic.. yeah, yeah yeah yeah All I need is one mic.. that's all I ever needed in this world, cash All I need is one mic.. the cars, the jewelry All I need is one mic.. to spread my voice to the whole world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Grand Theft Auto IV Soundtrack Song: War Is Necessary Typed by: e-squared817@comcast.net War is necessary War brings pain But war is necessary  War brings peace Cause war is necessary Getcha warriors up Cause my niggas are war ready War brings hate (Esco let's go let's go let's go) War is necessary War brings pain (Esco let's go) Getcha warriors up Cause my niggas are war ready My niggas war ready [Verse 1] Staring at the face of my watch, its like a crystal ball With the ability to make the issue stall  I told my man duck, cause I know where the missile fall Cause the ice is a fortune teller for the rich or small Went to my man's crib who dead and saw his picture fall I picked it up, his voice whispered nigga ball So I smoke the finest, (85 for the ocean liners?) I do it for the have not's of (?)  That resembles screen savers on ya lap tops  And they cant believe it like seeing that nigga's (ab?) drop I be in Cameroon bandanas on silk Dior  Sip cream liqueur, green and blue FLIA velour's suits Boss smooth, the only thing I endorse duke  Stash houses, gamble, I don't sweat a (loss/lost) (troop?/lawsuit?) (All true in living god?) we was here first Parisian linen ... [Repeat Chorus] [Verse 2] Who's crew was realist? Shot up the movie theaters Time square, 88 who's crew was in it (Photographed was?) sittin on wood wicker chairs 40oz in the lap, givin off wicked stares  Punch out kings, bustin pistols in the air  Hangin out a Cutlass Supreme window like "bitch come here" Girls cussin back at us with the fattest asses  Like "who you callin bitch little black bastards" We had to wave the flag, here come they baby dad  Drug dealers in the crazy jag looking crazy mad  They all thought they was sparkle, fucking killer men But we was all black seeds as Fred Williamson It was so simple. Now I'm refelctin in this gold Enzo Face it, my favorite trinket was that Teddy riley guy bracelet So now its fly shit I'm draped in. Customized shit I'm makin [Repeat Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Ron Isley Album: Good Morning 12" Song: Good Morning Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com {Note: Sample From: Isley Brother's +For The Love Of You+} [Intro: Nas & (Ron Isley)] Good Morning, Yea (Yea, well, well Yea) [Verse 1: Nas] Good morning the same old jerks goin' to work Garbage man pick up the dirt, the birds don't chirp There's this nice Lady I know, she always speak Wit her two children, headed to the school buildin Then rush home and again to lit housin And they are puttin' out the new ceilings Cuz her shit is leakin' Water keep drippin'down, so she beefin' Husband keep cheatin', he've been out all-evenin' Good morning, police shifts the hood is on-in' So they drive around all-day wit bench warrants Eatin donuts and sippin' on coffee Ooops!, sudden stops spills on the walkie-talkie Damn this nigga is a creep Whispers to police at the wino in the middle of the street Wit missin' front teeth twist blunts deep in the cut It's my nigga so I holler it up, niggaz good morning [Hook: repeat 2X] Good morning cause I'm still here Didn't get a wake-up call from out there So I'm head back to the street for my lesson And only live by God's blessings [Verse 2: Nas] Good morning, yawnin, dawn is no gon'in' New day, toothpaste brushin my screwface Follow the light, it's just a great feelin' And I love life, every minute is pure healin' Can't you tell I'm much happy nowadays No more child play, livin' life the foul way My man just came home speedin Tryin' to catch up wit 9-years of no freedom The paper say - "They finally caught 'em" He back in, I guess street life got too borin' Kind of quiet, half the hood is still sleep If you saw the night before you won't believe it's the same street Put on my lenses, leave the Phantom Take the low-whip for a trip up to pam-pams Scramblin' white turkey cacon "Ma pass the hot sauce from out your apron" [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Hip Hop is Dead 12" Song: Hip Hop is Dead (Original Version) Typed by: ava_azn@yahoo.com [*DJ samples*] "Hip hop" "hip hop" "is dead" "Hip--hip hop" "hip hop" "is dead" "Hip--hip hop" "hip--hip hop" "is dead" "Hip--hip hop" "hip hop" "hip hop" [Hook - 2X] If hip hop should die before I wake I'll put an extended clip inside of my AK Roll to every station, murder the DJ Roll to every station, murder the DJ [sample] Hip hop just died this mornin' And she's dead, she's dead [Verse 1] Yeah, niggaz smoke, laugh, party, and die in the same corner Get cash, live fast, body their man's mama Rich ass niggaz is ridin' with three llamas Revenge in their eyes, Hennesy and the ganja Word to the wise with villain state of minds Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind (Grindin', hittin' Brazilian dimes from behind) Whenever, if ever, I roll up, it's sown up Any ghetto will tell ya Nas helped grow us up My face once graced promotional Sony trucks Hundred million in billin', I helped build 'em up Gave my nigga my right, I could have gave left So like my girl Foxy, a nigga went Def So nigga, who's your top ten? Is it MC Shan? Is it MC Ren? [Hook - 2X] [sample] Hip hop just died this mornin' And she's dead, she's dead [Verse 2] The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin' Come through, something ill, missin' the ceilin' What influenced my raps? Stick ups and killings Kidnappings, project buildings, drug dealings Criticize that, why is that? Cuz Nas rap is compared to legitimized crap Cuz we love to talk on ass we gettin' Most intellectuals will only half listen So you can't blame jazz musicians Or David Stern with his NBA fashion issues Oh I they like me--in my white tee You can't ice me, we here for life B On my second marriage, hip hop's my first wifey And for that we not takin' it lightly If hip hop should die we die together Bodies in the morgue lie together All together now [Hook - 2X] [sample] Hip hop just died this mornin' Hip hop just died this mornin' Hip hop just died this mornin' And she's dead, she's dead {*crowd chanting "Hip hop!" becomes beat*} [Verse 3] Everybody sound the same, commercialize the game Reminiscin' when it wasn't all business If it got where it started So we all gather here for the dearly departed Hip hopper since a toddler One homeboy became a man then a mobster If the guys let me get my last swig of Vodka R.I.P., we'll donate your lungs to a rasta Went from turntables to mp3s From "Beat Street" to commercials on Mickey D's From gold cables to Jacobs From plain facials to Botox and face lifts I'm lookin' over my shoulder It's about eighty niggaz from my hood that showed up And they came to show love Sold out concert and the doors are closed shut The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ John Legend, Pitbull Album: Imagine 12" Song: Imagine Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [John Lennon] Imagine there's no heaven It's easy if you try No hell below us Above us, only sky Imagine all the people Living for today [Rap Verse 1: Nas] Imagine we could all get along Won't be long Til that day comes Mothers, stop cookin', take off your aprons Father, stop lookin' at every sports station Take a second And think of every poor nation Making weapons They can't afford a plate, no proper healthcare Over here in Section 8, a lot on welfare Yo, the wealthy laugh, the market crash, economy's bad How did we change it, newsflash about a power that's dangerous How do we escape these brainless acts of terror I'd tell you now, if Jesus ever comes, it'll not be better Put our hearts in the right place Humans of all colors We stand up as one race, I promise you, one day Imagine that [John Lennon] Imagine there's no countries It isn't hard to do Nothing to kill or die for And no religion, too Imagine all the people Living life in peace [Chorus: John Legend] You may say I'm a dreamer But I'm not the only one I hope someday you'll join us And the world will be as one [Rap Verse 2: Pitbull] America, the Land of the free America, the Land of opportunity America What's the point of having a Statue Of Liberty If you turnin' refugees, back at sea Music was made to move them Even the devil he dances I got a lot of questions And I'm searching for answers We taught to believe in religion, but religion's The reason the Twin Towers are missin' Listen That was the past, but maybe now, you realize The man above us the only thing That keeps us alive We breathe the same air We bleed the same blood Imagine our people treated equal, imagine one love (One love) [John Lennon] Imagine no possessions I wonder if you can No need for greed or hunger A brotherhood of man Imagine all the people Sharing all the world [Repeat Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas and The Firm f/ Supreme NTM (Kool Shen and Joey Starr) Album: It Was Written (European Version CD Bonus track) and Import 12" Song: Affirmative Action (International Remix) Typed by: Sug@free.fr * * translation of NTM's verses follows at the end of these lyrics [Nas] Yeah, Affirmative action, with my crew, NTM This is Nas Escobar [Kool Shen] International remix Check the lyrics  [NTM] Chacun sa Mafia ,Chacun sa mille-fa Mmh, baby, come wicked nigger [AZ] You sit back relax catching contacts Sip your cognac And let's all wash this money Through this laundry mat Sneak attack A new cat is back worth top dollar  In fact touch mines and i'll react Like a rock wilder Who pull the late We play for high stakes at gun point Catch'em and break undress'em tie'em With tape no escape The Corleone Fettucini Capone Roam in your own zone Get kidnapped and clapped in your dome We go it sewn The firm art of war is unknown Lower your tone face it Homicide cases get blown Aristocrats politician daily with diplomats see me I'm an official mack Lex coup triple black [Kool Shen] Pas de Don Corleone dans mon quartier  Mais si tu deconnes jusqu'au bout faudra jouer les bonnes Mais y a plus de place pour les rves Ici quand on s'lve les rageurs te jettent l'oeil Mme les Anges te crvent Sache que l'union fait la force mais que la misre la divise Et qu'en priode de crise chacun mise sur son biz Chacun sa Mafia , chacun sa mille-fa Mme l'tat fonctionne comme a Que d'la gouille-ma dguise en secrets d'tats Chorus  [Foxy Brown] The Firm, baby [NTM] Chacun sa Mafia , chacun sa mille-fa Aujourd'hui a se passe comme a [Foxy Brown] The Firm, baby [NTM] Chacun sa Mafia [Nas] Nas with NTM yo the Firm connect [Nas] Yo my mind is seeing through your design Like blind fury I shine jewelry sippin' on crusted grapes We lust papes And push cakes Inside the casket at just's wake It's sickening he just finish bidding upstate And now the project Is talking that somebody gotta die shit It's logic As long as it's nobody that's in my clique My man smoke Know how to expand coke And Mr coffee Feds cost me 2 mil to get the system off me  Life's a bitch But god forbid the bitch divorce me I be flooded with ice or hell fire kid scorch me Cuban cigars Meetin' foxy at the mars Movin' cars Your top poppy Sr Escobar Pour tous mes peeps, je le balance avec mes tripes J'applique Et nous affecte, cherche pas, y'a mme plus rien qui nous implique Mme la vie nous tient a bout de bras On oeuvre dans l'ombre Ayant conscience de notre force La force du nombre C'est comme a qu'on prime dans cette putain de socit parallele, On a le vent dans le dos prt a voler de nos propres ailes Chez moi y'a pas de trou , pas... Non y'a pas de place pour tout a Dans mon quartier mon gars J'ai vue que des gosses qui se bousillent en bas Chorus (2x) [Joey Starr] Seine-Saint-Denis Style [Foxy Brown] (this verse was removed in the radio/video edit) In a black camaro Firm deep all my niggas hail the black esparo Wallabees be the apparel Through the darkest tunnels I got visions of multimillions in the biggest bundle In the lex pushed by my nigga Jungle He money bags got moet shan dor Bundle In 62 They ain't got a clue what we about to do My whole team we shittin' hard like czar Sosa, Foxy Brown, Cormega and Escobar I keep a fat marquis piece Laced in all the illest snake skin Armani sweaters carolina herarra Be the firm baby, from BK to the bridge My nigga wiz operation firm biz so what the deal is So let's see, if we flip this other key Then that's more for me Mad coke and mad leak Plus a five hundred Cut in half is two-fifty Now triple that times 3 We got three-quarters of another key The Firm baby, volume one uh! [NTM] Seine-Saint-Denis Style (3x) Suprme NTM Nas dans la place Seine-Saint-Denis Style ... (fading out) --- * this section is a translation of the French verses in the song * --- [Kool Shen] No Don Corleone in my area But if you fuck up you'll have to do dirt But there's no time for dreamin' here when you go up, jealous people come even angels want you dead know unity is power but wisery divides and in time of crisis, everybody watch its own business Every man to his Mafia, every man to his family Even the government is working like this only scheming hidden as state secret [Joey Starr] for all my peeps, I finger him I act it affects us, don't look, we're not implicated in anything anymore We act in the shadow Being aware of our power the fact that we are numerous That's how we live in this fuckin' parallel society We got the wind in our back ready to fly with our own wings here is no hole, no... No time for all this In my area man I only saw children killing themselves downstair The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Olu Dara f/) Nas Album: In the World: From Natchez to New York Song: Jungle Jay Typed by: KRES1019@hotmail.com [Nas] Yeah It's like a jungle Makes me wonder It's like a jungle [Olu Dara] JUNGLE!! [Nas] Yo, I have to look out Everywhere I go I have to turn around Watch my back, watch my front That's what it's all about It's a jungle of the mind There's a jungle when you hang Where they bang The world's so big yet so small It's one block Many die mentally before they reach what they wanted I choose to get blunted And cruise the One Hundred Twenty Fifth street Music loud as hell in my jeep Eyes meet people, strangers Not thinkin' of danger Amongst my people Some I see through But one guy stares Maybe he thinks he knows me Or maybe he's crazy Killer, baller, dealer Something he has he wants to show me But I'm at this red light Is it me or is he looking dead right In my face? As I pull the strap that I keep Underneath the seat Just in time I was able to fled the scene And leave him standing there With his hands in the air See, my life is green Harlem to Queens Triborough bridge packed with cars Trucks, vans and cabs They got this new EZ Pass Thing Computer, taking over the cash thing So as I drive home I roll my window up And my endo up in the same motion See life is so full of surprises And as I paid my toll I drove to see my man "What up kid, Dunn, brova? Whats the deal?" He said "Everything's easy bro'er man It's all real" I said "But what happened earlier Why everybody outside?" He said like "Blue suits came runnin' through And took thirty brothas for a ride Yo, right after you left the Ave" Yo, the same thing that's been going on Since I was young in the past Still goes on, how long will it last? Gotta get strong fast Out in the jungle Jungle That's how it is Olu, got the music playing Outside it ain't no playing We just paying attention Listening now to everything that's happening Cause if it's on it's on And it's always on It's just like this song "Jungle" What's gonna happen next out here It's gettin' crazier, weirder People losing spirituality, morality What's happening From Jazz B-Bop to Rappin' It's all the same thing, a Black thing A map thing, a world thing Boy, girl thing Woman, man, child From Sweden to the Nile To Australia, Europe Africa to Venezuela China, Japan Everywhere you go understand It's a jungle The whole world [Olu Dara] Jungle Jungle JUNGLE!! JUMGLE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas and Nature Album: In Too Deep soundtrack Song: In Too Deep Typed by: esco@arro.net Nature: (talking) Yo Yo Yo Son You ever felt a funny vibe What you supposed to do? And ya man's ain't ya man's And ya friend's ain't ya friend's And ya money ain't yours anymore And niggas wanna count your money Niggas wanna see what the fuck you got You know what I'm sayin sometimes I gotta take long trips and get away from this shit I can't take this shit no more This shit right here be fucking niggas like me up Knowhatimsayin I been exposed to too much and too long All my niggaz out there in the hood and shit That be bringing that real shit Put your fucking Phillies in the air Your Back Woods your White Owl Your Dutchess and we goin smoke and ride to this shit right here This that real shit here  this is the soundtrack to the realness right here Niggaz in too deep knowhatimsayin It's all real all live nigga what what nigga Nas: Yo A yo A yo A yo I thank a dead homey Incarcerated penpal I got the feds on me A constapated mental  Always ranged in the ghetto it's pain in the ghetto Caskets do u believe in angels or devils? Welfare it's dark and there's no help here Killing cops shooting black kids the instill fear But we still here not afraid cracks is made stacks get made A "g" will get you gats sprayed At my man's funeral it's like nobody care The police get shot the mayor and everybody there Grafitti on the lobby stairs kids with notty heads is greedy Soldiers small faces painted on the walls I was born to ball Rings you can't afford name a clothes line I then worn it before Dictate the naked soul of Nas henny four fives Hoe's with thick thighs be the wives of rich guys Never trust a bitch cuz a bitch lies Enemys close cuz friends switch sides when shit gets live Dealin' with a lot of pressure I'm in too deep Life of a thug born and raised in the streets Chorus: Nature: You want war I'mma give u war Nas: I'm in too deep Nature: You want peace imma give u peace Nas: Raised in the streets Nature: You want love imma show u love Nas: Life of a thug Nature: There's no love for me in these streets Nas: I'm in too deep Nature: It's just hustlers in the streets  Nas: Raised in the streets Nature: Yo A yo When you in too deep you better climb out and find out Are you the one they looking at cuz when you looking back It's your time to fear if the drama's severe I see scars starting off at the side of they're ear Ending up by the jaw of the throat another law broke I try to patch it white kids is buying acid Closing down spots popping a knot Heard the foremores use binoculars watchin the blocks Calling phantom on the tape  I'm the phantom of the wax Now meat the man behind the music examing the facts  I use it, to my advantage do this shit everyday  Like sneaking gats up in grade eight  Six Flags catch me getting on the popular rides If a nigga violate he get top of the line Small hot ones locked in the spines Transformed roll out pass it off to my man no doubt I keep shits disguising six shirts in the trunk Imagin it gets six times worse when I'm drunk Prepare for death first of the month Open and rise, t's right here in front of you open your eyes I can't explain it cuz it's not normal, is niggas loyal  I talk about life and live it for you this shit is soil Like the dirt that I walk on you talk on You say I had love for ya know it's all gone all gone  Chorus: Nature: You want war I'mma give u war Nas: I'm in too deep Nature: You want peace imma give u peace Nas: Raised in the streets Nature: You want love imma show u love Nas: Life of a thug Nature: There's no love for me in these streets Nas: I'm in too deep Nature: It's just hustlers in the streets  Nas: Raised in the streets The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Rick Ross Album: It's a Tower Heist (S) * Song: It's a Tower Heist Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com * single taken from the movie "Tower Heist" "Maybach Music" [Rick Ross] Me and Nas [Nas] Well let's ride tonight, it's a Tower Heist Yep, uh, yeah, yo Born NYC, beasting, the Lord left me no choice Christian pendants, Islamic thoughts, criminal courts Father forgive, I wanna die like Godfather did Standing in lineups, I'm paying lawyers, ain't trying to bid Alliance's Surveillance watching 'em, careful when plotting My boys were captured on video, farewell to my partners Ski masks with fake tags in case the car was spotted Lavish hotels, Central Park West, fly apartments Let's rob it, forensics get us sentenced so we the smartest It's +livest+ as Saturday Night as I load up a cartridge Let off the fully, got alibis, no need to worry Done right, we don't see the prosecutors or grand jury Reputed mobster style, take the money and run Count it in warehouses, leave town and live a hundred years like crocodiles Straight up NYC like a Mets fitted This a Tower Heist, even Donald Trump can get it [Chorus 1: Nas] You want respect, money and power right? Well let's ride tonight, it's a Tower Heist You want respect, money and power right? Well let's ride tonight, it's a Tower Heist Tower Heist "Maybach Music" Even Donald Trump can get it [Rick Ross] I got my shades on, got my money in my pocket Got my Js on, spend a hundred for my watch I feel amaz-on, it's a +jungle+ in these streets Choppers be going bang, your people need to be deceased Every day is war, living legends you must applaud So light my cigar, one for the foreigners living large Dealing straight raw, the Mercedes in my garage Your girl on my dick and I may just feel like menage I came for the cash, me and Nas behind the mask cause bitch, it's a Heist, give me ice or lose your life My profit's so nice, me and dog gon' count it twice It's popping tonight, roll the weed, give me your light, huhh~! [Chorus 2: Nas] You want respect, money and power right? Well let's ride tonight, it's a Tower Heist You want respect, money and power right? Well let's ride tonight, it's a Tower Heist Tower Heist, straight up Tower Heist Even Donald Trump can get it [Outro: Nas] + (Rick Ross) You want respect, money and power right? (Huhh~!) You want respect, money and power right? It's a Tower Heist The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lauryn Hill Album: It Wasn't You 12" Song: It Wasn't You Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Intro: Nas] Uh huh, a love story, but not your ordinary love story Not hardly, you heard Get into this shit right here, check this shit out You know, check it (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) X2 As we turn the corner, I count down his name I felt so ashamed, when it wasn't you [Nas] Companions, commitments, relationships They can be so nice in days picnics, advance slow nights You start to miss it all when you got no wife Seeing couples, walking, holding each others hands, talking Like everything around them don't exist And yo they stop before crossing the street so they can kiss That remind me, my love for this 'lil mami A slim body from Saudi Arabia probably (uh, huh) We met five day into her stay, a thirty day visit Her second time in the USA But my first time to gaze at her and wave at her was at KNICKS  game Islamic name hard to spit game My thug look made nervous, her Secret Service The floor seats next to Spike Lee, I had to purchase Later we met on Tavern on the Green and after we dined I said "I got to have you just one time", she said (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) X2 [Nas] Seduced her fast, surprised me, laying beside me Rolling in my satin sheets, flexible body Hair, black and long, Indian skin completion Eyes, nose and lips resemble the Egyptian It's against rules to make conversation, with anybody new Which was strange in our situation, that admired her more Everyday I gave her a tour Of New York streets, the parts that remained hard-core It was coming to the day when she had to depart When she left I felt the butcher knife stabbing my heart Without a number to dial, continent near by the Nile she reside at She said she would write, so she could fly back Private airplanes, been a year, letters never came In the short time we were together it never rained Just sun shine when our tongues climbed Each others body, wish I can see you one time, 'cause now (Chorus: Lauryn Hill) X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Quan Album: Just a Moment 12" Song: Just a Moment (12" Mix) Typed by: dallas112263@yahoo.com [Verse 1: Quan] Can we please have a moment of silence? That's for my niggaz doin' years in confinement And for my soldiers who passed over, no longer living That couldn't run whenever the reaper came to get 'em Can we please pour out some liquor? Symobolizin', let's take in time to consider that Though our thugs ain't here, the love is here And we gon' rep 'til slugs kill us here This for my dawgs stuck in the struggle tryin' to gain Smokin' trauma, sniffin' Ra while sellin' cocaine Trapped in the game, not knowin' how to stop and get by To live it alive, so instead they live it to die Can we please have a moment of peace? For every G that fell for his flag in the streets Bloodin' and thuggin', folkin' and lokin' Crypin' and creepin', Latin and kingin' Or just for poor righteous teachin' [Chorus: Quan sings] As days goes and nights fall For the rest of our life we'll miss y'all And even though life must go on, we'll still mourn While wishin' y'all were home [Verse 2: Nas] Yeah, and can we have another moment of silence? For brothers who died from black-on-black violence From here to the Dark Continent were rebels sell diamonds To clients allover the world, got little Black girls dyin' And can we please pour some more liquors? For Will, Bokeem, Bar, Pappy -- my niggaz Here's another Warrior Song from Nasty and Quan It's to him I pass the baton to carry this on Street's Disciple, salute to those who's gone with bullets And I promise through rhymin' Quan gon' rep his life to the fullest And can we please have a moment of truth? For soldiers and troops away with helmets and boots And families back home who pray they make it home safe Hopin' that they don't get hit with a stray or missiles This is just a moment to let you all know that we miss you Mommy I'm still here, wishin' I was there with you Let's take 'em home [Verse 3: Quan] And can we please have a moment to mourn? For Pac, Biggie and Pun 'cause through us they live on Jam Master Jay, Freaky Ty and Alliyah Big L and Left Eye, when we die we wish to see ya... [Nas] Photographs of lost memories On the blocks with blunts and Hennessey Picture some niggaz in mock neck shirts Ballantine Ale in brown bags Brothers like to brag 'bout their cousins That locked in the system We all fall victims, we all call Christian or Islamic faith, to restore all our faith Barbed wire and tall brick wall But we all can escape The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Nas f/ Nashawn Album:Level 7 (Take a Picture) 12" Song:Level 7 (Take a Picture) Typed by:Gcolombian13@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] (Nas) Chi-ching, haa, chi-ching, haa (Nas) Take a picture, cherish it, I'm God's Son, inherence it This is level 7 where gangster and mobsters stepping (Nashawn) Take a picture, cherish it, its Nashawn my feature is heaven, safe for the bitches, this is level 7 [Nas] Number 1, uhh what does it take to have a woman's bra? [Nashawn] Intelligently they mind done [Nas] And what about shopping and copping expensive things [Nashwan] Take them on yachts and lobster, rocks and rings [Nas] ? Crash with a transvestite on its best night but nigga not me on a hot night I'm with a sister whose thick as shit and she knock me [Nashawn] You hit her off properly then let her get on top of me level 2 is elementary stage [Nas] The first thing a slave learned is its country amazing [Nashawn] They separated the families on ever plantation [Nas] Feeing for that black pussy, slaves masters chasing [Nashawn] Chase they women like they chicken feet violating, raping 'em rip their clothes, let their niggaz see [Nas] And that's the start of the first black pimps history [Nashawn] Told his queen if they want to fuck, make them pay a fee [Chorus] - 2X [Nas] Level 3, God answer me, is there any devil in me? [Nashawn] Naw there's thug and there's rebel in me [Nas] Hood like ghetto tears falling down my eyes [Nasahwn] How about the staircase, kill them with a surprise [Nas] I'm willing to live and willing to die [Nashawn] Kill a man for a cause, I'm willing to fry [Nas] While my people say it's a fucked up predicament [Nashawn] You talk the wrong thing, school learned ignorance [Nas] Now my religion is the all mighty Dallam [Nashawn] There's everybody making this money turn this street game to pimp game scholar [Nas] Level 4, never make a whore to a house wife with my charisma [Nashawn] It takes a special kind of dude just to pimp her [Nas] Level 5, I leaned the ways of the streets when I was only 9 [Nashawn] Turn nothing into a dime, beer into wine [Nas] Wine into Champaign, Chris, level 6 [Nashawn] Only millionaire shit, buying buildings, and real estate me and my gorillas chill to sell a home away [Nas] Went from savvy to humane welcome to level 7, enter the life of true fame [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Amerie Album: Like Mike Soundtrack Song: Rule Typed by: kevlarmoneyclips32@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] Yeah Yeah, Yeah, Yeah Nas...uh Yo, yo Life... They wonder, can they take me under? Naw, never that Naw, yo, yo I come from the hells and tentative buildings, unlimited killings Ministers marked for death Better known as the projects, where junkies and rock heads dwell Though I owe to it my success When survival of the fittest every day as a child I would think I'm a part of USA and be proud Confronted with racism, started to feel foreign Like, the darker you are, the realer your problems I reached for the stars but I just kept slipping On this life mission, never know what's next Ancient kings from Egypt up to Julius Caesar Had a piece of the globe, every continent Yo there's Asia, Africa, Europe, France, Japan Pakistan, America, Afghanistan Yo there's Protestants, Jews, Blacks, Arabics Call a truce, world peace, stop acting like savages No war, we should take time and think The bombs and tanks make mankind extinct But since the beginning of time it's been men with arms fighting Lost lives in the Towers and Pentagon Why then, must it go on? We must stop the killing Tell me why we die; we're all God's children [Chorus: Amerie] All this hate can't last forever (Uh...C'mon) Its time that we stand together (Yeah....For the world) Everybody wants to rule the world (What, What, What, What, What, C'mon) World....Peace World....Peace World....Peace World [Nas] Yo there's brothers on the block posted up like they own it That's their corner, from New York to California Got blocks locked down Like dog, you safe whenever you with me See, this is my town So the youngsters, pros, and ghettos goes to prison At a early age, already know what's against them So in order for him to survive one day He must open up his eyes to the setbacks and rascals Cause everybody wants a shot in this land of opportunity Look at what this country's got There shouldn't be nobody homeless How can the President fix other problems when he isn't fixed home yet The earth wasn't made for one man to rule alone To all colors and creeds is to whom it belongs I want land, mansions, banks and gold To diamonds in Africa, oil in my control The world's natural resources own its residuals But then comes foes, I have to guard it with missiles And I become the most wanted But is it worth hearing' a million people's problems and followed by secret service I guess, attempts at my life with loaded barrels Should we roll with Colin Powell, or just throw in the towel, yo [Nas] You know that's my style, to hit you at the right time No other compares to what Nas write down Tell you my dreams, show you my pain is yours You could get what you love, be a chain to cause You're alive right now There's so many that's dead or locked up inside the beast I'm a holler it now It's whatever man think will manifest to the real The plan is to wake up 'cause time reveals All this hate can't forever last All my ghetto heroes in heaven it's like you right here and never passed You just transcend, I know I'm gonna see you again Hoping' I'll reach the world's ears and win Ain't nothing without struggle, listen up, it's critical We used to fear arms, now the weapons are chemical In hip-hop the weapons are lyrical To be the best you challenge the best, and the blessing is spiritual Top of the world for the kid none less Popping' any rapper's head off his shoulders, no contest I know the most high hear me, so fly you can't hear me You scared of a mirror My theory is that knowledge is power To every projects and every street corner We gotta get ours, now! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Jadakiss, Ludacris Album: Made You Look 12" Song: Made You Look (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jadakiss] I need it from the top, AHHH! This is history baby Commissioner Steve Stoute, Lenny - ha! God's Son, whattup? D-Block, whattup? Bravehearts, whattup? Yeah Yeah, yo [Verse One: Jadakiss] Yo ain't nothin but trouble God When I kick in the door with D-Block, Bravehearts and the Double R Don't make me let the machine off This is methadone music that you can lean off "Made You Look," the remix with me up on it I copped your shit, now I break weed up on it And everything is real I see Like my niggaz that been home but they only got a jail ID I helped the game, it ain't help me I'm top five dead or alive and that's just off one LP And, I still buzz, they feel cuz Cause they know the flow's Ill just like Will was I'm just tryin to make sure that my sons wealthy Out of shape but I make sure that my guns healthy I'm a ape, you can't stand 'Kiss Comin through the hood in a Aston Vanguish the color of dandruff They said we jumped him, I just let the gun snuff him Copped P then turboed soon as they uncuff him This goes out to all of your mans Why put you in the verse when I can put in a coroner van D-Block [Chorus 2X: Nas] THEY SHOOTIN! Ah made you look You a slave to a page in my rhyme book Gettin big money, playboy your time's up Where them gangsters, where them dimes at? [Verse Two: Ludacris] Yuh, woo! It's time to go, Luda let's go! I'm from the school of hard knocks, sneak peeks and low blows Where X's mark spots and kitchens mark O's Where love is gon' getcha and hate is gon' snitch ya And fingers squeeze triggers like boa constrictors It's the, Mr. Luda, Jada and Nas And our bullets give you a deep tissue massage So hear a song and dance while I make these ends You never stood half a chance like Siamese Twins AHHH - THEY SHOOTIN, look in the barrel Then he made the front page of the Miami Herald or Chi. Tribune, nozzles with silent doom We in that A-Town Journal-list, filed with goons You should print my information, quote my rhyme And keep me in between these New York and L.A. Times I was the victim of society, it's 'Cris the menace With mo' shit out on the streets than evicted tenants WOOOOOOOO! [Interlude: Nas] Uhh.. uhh.. (BRAVE-HEARTS.. BRAVE-HEARTS.. BRAVE-HEARTS.. BRAVE-HEARTS..) Jungle, Wiz, Nashawn! We got 'em scared look We got 'em scared they runnin [Verse Three: Nas] Yo, I grasp the ratchet, the blinker, the biscuit, the burner The heat, the toaster, the twister you meetin your owner The banger, the hammer, the flamers I aim at the cannons and can ya, manhandlin ya, you'll be famous like cancer do And cut, that's the end of your movie Pretendin you actin like you and your mens'll come shoot me My tennis shoes Gucci, old school pea soup green Jean Lee suit on Beaver, clicko champagne Friday the 13th my CD drop, I rhyme to more Base than EZ Rock I'm Jason, call up P.D. watch them Bravehearts, Jungle and Wiz and Nashawn Ill Will rasta Lake, never revealin his face on TV or pictures or even them niggaz Sorry that I made you wait long, glad them fakes gone  {*beat scratches out*} WE SHOOTIN! Squeezin them triggers with Luda beside me Me and 'Kiss get Luniz of weed, set to Styles P. Tell him hold his head, God's Son got him we made y'all look From San Quentin to Riker's Island to.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas, Omarion, Rick Ross, Wale Album: Maybach Music - Self Made Vol. 2 Song: This Thing of Ours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {M-M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} Ugh, ugh, ugh [Rick Ross] Sometimes I get so fuckin paranoid Reminiscin on how them bricks keep goin back and forth I ask the lord for everything I lack and more Last thing on my mind was slammin Caddy doors I just made up my mind, I'm grindin like a boss Dedicated our lives, sacrifices we lost Fatal mistakes, talkin laws of attraction The paper I'm makin, I upgraded my fashion Everything tailor made, floss is my passion Loyalty came first, number one rule in the faction Follow my actions, came in at oh-six Planted my flag bitch I'm takin no shit I toted them toolies, I bullied the bullies I made a few hits, my bank account Jewish You niggaz is minor, the money manure I'm thinking like Heinman, Godfather the 4th It was never filmed, therefore never seen It was never him, that's what these haters scream I wrote the script, I was sippin lean Now meet the myth, I brought along my triple beam [Chorus: Omarion] This thing of ours It's a mafioso You ain't never know though Never gon' know so No never, no never, no never No, no, no, no [Wale] This reefer the sweetest, got me thinkin much deeper They don't rap for a reason, this is rather convenient Spend money with my team, made my money from hustle Women love you for free, niggaz hate you for nothin Never hate you in public, but they let they eyes tell it Ain't even 5'11", what the fuck you got scared of? I'm a loose cannon, screws damaged And I do think hip-hop music needs some newer standards Hardest working conglomerate, and that's word to my momma Getting up in they mental, get 'em outta they garments Adamantly comin at whoever call up for drama Just know that D.C., Philly, Ohio, Miami got us Private jet over water, now Dietrich got no barber I see feds, I go that way~! That DMV shit saw us When you young and you black, they see you as a target So before them foamposites get your lawyers in order [Nas] The Don of all Dons, since you wanna call me somethin All of a sudden, niggaz ball and stuntin, y'all just started pullin on How riders pull your car, ya spineless Where your heart? I know where mine is A don is one who accept things he cannot change Only thing I accept I cannot change is gettin old and dyin Gold medallion, over my son chest He'll hold it down when I sunset What does death mean to me? I never owned the concept I was here - I'm just a spirit, let's get one thing clear Everything segues into each other One thing is just an extension of the other My kid to me, I am my children through history Of stand up men and stand up women I am existin I was conceived to break bread with kings, and make connections We haven't met yet? My reputation you've stuck with Until we have our formal introduction that's enough But every male is not a man So some of those that will hold out they hand won't understand, this thing of ours {M-M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Men in Black soundtarck Song: Escobar '97 Typed by: OHHLA.com Chorus: Honies, cash, weed, cars ghetto celebrities, 'hood movie stars gat slingers now rap singers are who we are went from Nasty to Nas to Nas to Escobar The path we all walk, starts out long it's like a boardwalk monopoly, some make it around, some go down, it's prophecy happy days balancing with life's atrocities hoppin' in v's, knowin' some day I got to lead properly high up in a five realizing the price paid for this life laid in the light shade one might say, top of the world's two whips, a crib and a girl quick to celebrate it, poppin' corks like they made it pretentious, arrogant niggas is senseless pro ball players with white wives, peep they night lives while you could catch me in a crisp white five dark tinted, dijon-scented, with Al Green on  my theme song, love and happiness, how can it seem wrong I mean before this, I used to rock a taurus with the donuts now I grown up, got it chromed up got the rap game sewn up, sho-nuff niggas acting cool, but it's really no love I feel a slow buzz, off the dutch this is everyday, every second got to make it pay, every lesson I learnt got me open while most of these rappers'll stay burnt Chorus 2x (the second time "Honies" changes to Money") With so much drama in QBC, it's kinda hard being Escobarro Elderado Red, sippin' Dom out the bottle my life is like a Donald Goines novel we wave glasses like bravo drunk niggas with mad problems, and shot pockets my niggas from the block rock this,  box cocaine, cook it and chop it looking to profit, in different ways goin' through this difficult stage, called life but each year my physical's praised some fell beyond the reach of help cut in the street, thinkin' they could teach theyself when all we wanted was a piece of wealth and randomly, feed our family the streets are insanity amply, living in ths thug's fantasy richest nigga in show biz is what I plan to be heavy chain and my QB sway, living this king's life magazines write about me, in this dream it's all tight Chorus 2x (The Second time "Honies" changes to "Money") Now the main thing that boggle my brain be all the bottles of pain iced the chain and all the followers came they tried to throw me off track, but I caught that they thought I lost that but I'm continuing to make more stacks halftime, new york state of mind, it was written was hittin' trips overseas, southeast, diamond and riches sleepin on the plane, wake up when we land feelin' real scared, on the  ground rollie flush, princess cuts, and large rounds the crews up, findin time to shine rocks it's real, you violate, be in a pine box if it go there, I lay you before you lay me, it's crazy I didn't make the game, the game made me records for the babies so they raised up in mansions haters keep hating, and ladies'll keep glancing Yall know the routine out this muthafucka.... word up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: My Will (Honeymoon is Over) 12" Song: My Will (Honeymoon is Over) Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Nas] Aiyyo whattup niggaz? Fresh off the honeymoon The honeymoon's over Fresh off Vaca (Yea, Yea) I'm jet-laggin', still jet-laggin' But this just a preview Let's get it on again y'all [Verse 1: Nas] I designed it - rhymed it - flow classic You askin' - who am signed with? The real deal is 'Ill Will', stay scomit Why's drama when other artists pay homage You hatin any rapper I do a song with "What's wrong with Nas helpin' crews get stronger" You selfish, wantin' me to yourself But Prophets need help too, y'all see Nas get insulted I ride for the real shit, High as the Lock's get melted Twelve Years, givin' you nuttin' but big moments How can 'Murda Inc' not wanna fuck wit The top hustler - R.O.C. crusha Nas a legend 'fore 'BIG & Pac' left us Bubbled wit 'Dr. Drizze', You heard it on +Makaveli+ Sayin'-> "Nas is ring leader, brings Ether, brings heater" Your dream teamer scream, "He's the Supreme Teacher" Similar to anybody you know Oh, I created, cremated, body that flow Anyone you think is fuckin' wit me Better be Vets - better be 'Ra', better be 'Kool G' or 'KRS' Better be 'LL' or 'Slick' or them Neva put me in the 'Top Ten' BITCH! It's disrespect to the life that burnt the verses Or nigga writes who comes first It's the 'Ice Cube' 'MC Shan' them type dudes So B.E.T.'s list was wrong, don't get me wrong I did chill in the throne alone so long This is my +My Will+ [Outro: Nas] Yea, Escobaro Cigars, that's how we doin' it Aiyo Quan welcome to the game Shot-out to Ill Will (This is my +My Will+) Bravehearts stand up, whuttup Scarface Whuttup Tre Williams (This is my +My Will+) Ill Will '05, what y'all know 'bout that? Queens, Queens I know you miss me I gotchu, I gotchu Queens, New York stand up Ahha, I gotchu baby, let's do it again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Nas' Greatest Hits Song: Surviving the Times Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Sample] The Wiz f/ Nipsey Russell - "What Would I Do If I Could Feel" "But that's the whole tragic points my friends What would I do... If I could suddenly feel and to know once again that what I feel is real I could cry... I could smile I might lay back for awhile... Tell me what, what, what would I do? If I could feel" I was young, I was surviving the times Waiting for my moment, I was destined to shine Little Ray had an NSX, I was hoping I'm next Wanting bracelets, never had a rope on my neck Unless I was holding Taiyeh chain--Rest In Peace Even though that night you flipped on us, you warned us If you came back and we still on the corners, we goners Moving on to... move your arm in your watch To another time on the block 'Cause this 40 Side Where they say Shorty rhyme Tragedy he used to come through all the time I'm talking Juice Crew, not what the word define He had a sister named Erin, for sure was fine That was my first crush; I bought my first mic I wrote my first verse, I was about nine I was about mine, fantasize house buying Met Paul, he wore some big glasses Him and Melquan took me where G Rap lived I was happy, just getting some answers I ain't even know what a record advance was I'm seeing hoes sex in the studio bathroom With rap dudes, thinking wow she moved me Same girl then, right now's a groupie Back then, she was like the star in the movie Large jewelry and expensive Gucci Next stop, Paid In Full posse recruits me Knew they were some millionaires, their ropes were dookie Eric B man looking like touch-it-he-shoot-me You see, every time Ra didn't show I get to record demos at attempts to blow I wonder could they tell, how did they know Sixteen years later, here I go [Nipsey Russell] "What-what, what-what, what would I do?" 4X  I'm with Akinyele in the street, trying to get us a deal G Rap tried to get us to sign to Cold Chill But Fly Ty didn't have the contract we wanted Clark Kent just signed Das, he didn't want us Russell said I sounded like G, the nigga fronted Reef and Matty C offered me a little money Shit a little funny, feel a little laughter Rebel of Hip-Hop coming through a white rapper My boy MC Serch, nevertheless Took me to Columbia, back then CBS Chris Schwartz, RuffHouse, he was the best man Now bugging because the label had just dropped Def Jam Could you picture Russell needing a check, man But he smart, he plotted a plan for Polygram Life is ill, again life's a movie Then the roster's Cypress Hill, Nas, and Fugees Before I sold records, no promotion The rap world like, "What's all this commotion" Went plat, mad bottles I'm toasting 20/20 hindsight, but how did they know then [Nipsey Russell] "What-what, what-what, what would I do?" 4X  Invincible, lyrical, miracle man... uh But back to the matter at hand 'Cause ten years ago we all strived to be 25 Some cats didn't make it alive Dated some stars but respect their privacy Copped mad cars, laying back in the driver's seat Held myself down, just steering the wheel Here I am, completed my whole record deal Reply With Quote [Nipsey Russell] "What-what, what-what, what would I do?" 4X  "What would I do... if I could reach inside of me... and to know how it feels to say... I like what I see?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Boyz II Men Album: Never Gonna Give it Up 12" Song: Never Gonna Give it Up Typed by: FanNE_24@hotmail.com [Nas talking] Man, we love you man, you hear me? This is coming from the General man, Nas man Bravehearts love you man, this is to all of ya niggaz Who been using my name from day one to make yourselves famous Whether you shouting me out on your records Whether you try to come at me on your records, or whether you just you know...? You know... you know how you dick riding man? This goes out to ya Cause we love you man, I've done made a lot of niggaz famous man But I'm gon' make you...I make you make the papers, this one's for you Hey yo, word up It been a lot of times when a nigga ain't wanna fuck with this rap shit no more Fuck this shit, but you know...? Through the year I started to see shit, you knowamsayin? Nigga see niggaz driving around with fancy cars, diamonds all that shit Niggaz thinking nigga chilling Got to go through a whole bunch of big shit, all that bullshit But you know what? Fuck that shit, you know how I feel? Yo [Nas with chorus] I'm never gonna give it up, fuck that I made a mil', but that ain't good enough Ocean and a beach so I can really live it up See, that's the life baby, you got to understand its life baby I'm never gonna give it up, fuck that I made a mil', but that ain't good enough Ocean and a beach so I can really live it up See, that's the life baby, you got to understand its life baby [Verse 1] Uhh... I got the mansion and the nice ride Platinum chain, and an ice watch All this fame in my life's hard I entertain, been so many places, see so many different faces They look the same from the stages After the concert, hours of long work Home sick form the role, smoking my lungs hurt Even thought now I'm recording songs It's better than, when I was pedaling doing wrong I brought the crew along, we thuggin Fucking married bitches; they go to their husbands Bitches ain't shit, we laughing with them Can't even role the streets now, without the heat I bust the nigga off impost, that shit is weak On trial, what I'ma tell the judge He don't give me no smile, he don't give me no love, nor the jury That's when I need celeb status and the blackness This motherfucker's hate rappers, what a life [Chorus: with changes] [Verse 2] My girl hate when I'm with my boys, think I'm cheating Every morning knocking at my door state policeman Give him a reason, but I don't give it to him They said they heard a disturbance, and I just listen to him See, I cooperate until they push me Cops hate when you know the law, you ain't pussy - you not fake Can't explain how much I miss the block When we was slinging with my niggaz, screaming "Fuck the cops!" Now when I'm dreaming I can see my dead friends smile Wake up, I get some air, hit the mall for a while - pick up some gear I'm going to the studio; my engineer put the track up from "out west" And he told me spit it clear...Uhh Another hit is just made, another album So ones again we getting paid, and now we wilding Get hype to shoot the video, all in the city yo I'm hoping that a nigga blow, but ya don't hear me thought [Verse 3] Uhh...the haters say I ain't shit Hope I fall, but I can't slip Got to ball, got to bank chips Old ladies hate my moms cause their kids ate them out to nothing Catch my moms on the bench fronting I got to stay awake, got to pray today Glad I'm still alive, fuck what them haters say So many times I ain't wanna rhyme Wanted a normal life, when I ain't Nas all the time Uhh...so many problems too, do what I got to do As long as my moms say, "Boy, I'm proud of you!" I keep laying hits, one is never quits Plus if I stop, how will I stay legit? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: One Million Strong, Vol. 2: Love Peace & War Song: We March as Millions Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.com, dasun_akbar@hotmail.com "It's much more than a march It will be the beginning of a movement Millions more movement; let us begin" "Tell us what you hear" [Nas] Dear people of the globe I hope that you're in good health By the time my voice hit you I hope in all wells with you My mission is to bail with you Touch upon some real issues Senators, Government Officials Sit at the conference and listen Have a Coke or mineral water and say I'm reminiscing George L. Jackson, Malcolm X last win when I'm rapping Americans, Africans, Asians, Russians, and Arab men Send your clergymen to journey with Nas from Queens, projects I promise an unforgettable experience compare me with, Amenhotep get in more debt History was stolen, get in my zone what makes the power that beef? less gangsta then Al Capone The Rosetta stone was stolen like Chicago was Think I'm a thug?, let's talk about some conquerors Napoleon, Sun Tzu, Genghis Khan Hitler, Edi Amin, Attila the Hun Let's bring back to the cat that invented the gun From the Indians all the way to the Pentagon I'm sitting on Capitol Hill I'm composing this rhyme, guaranteed to make all of y'all feel The beauty that was trapped under siege Believe in yourself you'll be free, take it from me [Voice Samples] "We will not surrender or we will not back down, we keep overacting" "Throw up a fist for black power" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Lake Album: One Never Knows 12" Song: One Never Knows Typed by: thegodsun7@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [NAS] In my darkest days lighting up the rightous smoke Cause I'm dealing with this thug life crisis and cant cope Niggas on my dick beef don't stop Niggas asking what happed to the Firm Did you and AZ bone Fox? No How was it working with Dre though? Heard you was fucking Lil Kim and Mary J, Whoa , the list goes on There is rumors that Brandy broke my heart The world want to know what's in the life of the prettiest Don Nas, was Jay fucking with your baby mom's? Was she involved with a plot, to deceive my perfect degrees of Three hundred and sixty, he ugly she pretty that's life Never been married eloped with dope; Music's my wife It's true, me and 2 PAC once steped to each other Confronted our like's and dislike's in front of Suge Knight, we left it as brothers As a child pop's blew his weed in my face, results, mixing ether with base I'm the rebel to America, less is the nasal voice chipped tooth bastard What your hearing is a replica I never had a clue, that all you dudes should be in dresses Double edges playing both sides of the fences [Chorus] [Nas & Lake] Where my soul going to go when my ditch is dug? One never knows do one The things that I've seen in the streets I'm from One never knows do one The stuff that I've done what I've become One never knows do one Am I crazy what they make me out to be or what? One never knows... [LAKE] The streets say what up wit Lake, not showin his face And did he really shoot at the Jake's? When he just came home, and dude shot at Capone, for his necklace Why was Lake name mentioned? Was he reppin on the island taking phone time? Did he get Prodigy his chain back in "99"? Who's writing his rhymes? He is Do he be with Kingpin like Delson and Jesus, What was he thinking? On Revolutionary Warfare when he said, He's a modern day Hitler Did he shoot more niggas, Than every dude in QueensBridge? Why his last case made the daily news in June? Do he have the strength to unify heads from BX to Harlem? Who did he stomp and walk naked in his Projects? Did he get shot in his chest, never fall with no vest on shoot duke and walk off [NAS]&[LAKE] [N] A yo these niggas don't understand me [N] There's going to be a murder my reason insanity [N] The acts in the involvement with a homicide Nas [N] Who did you shoot at the time when you could've got robbed? [N] Do you call yourself a prophet of God? [N] Did your hood set fire to your car in your project's in '95'? [N] Did Jungle shoot up the club lately? [N] Did Jungle kidnap Philly's Most Wanted, then they drove him to his safety? [L] Yo, what happened to Puffy and Steve Stoute? [L] Why did they scuffle with champane bottles smashing, what was it about? [N] My video nailed to the cross [N] Now Stoute started hating me, hanging with my enemies [L] They ask everyday on my block [L] How did I survive in ? by keeping it gangsta, why Nas [L] Did you leave a clothes company after you made it millions? [N] Cause Esco's weak I start a new line a ILL one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas and Braveheart's Album: Oochie Wally (Promo) 12" * Song: Oochie Wally (Remix) Typed by: Enyce57@gateway.net *1 - the original version appears on the "QB's Finest" compilation *2 - the version here appears in the video, and on a DJ Clue mixtape [Intro] (Ladies) Oh yeah mutha fucka that's that shit Oh come on [Nas] Ladies make it hot Thugs make it hot make it pop oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang, oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang, oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang, oo-chie wally wally He really really work my body He really really turned me out He really really got to gut me He really really made me scream and shout He really taught me how to work my body He really taught me how to go down south He really really tried to hurt me hurt me I really love thug and gangsta style [Nas] Yo we got chicks in the living room  Getting it on and they leaving till 6 in the morning Always for oochie Oh you ain't know How many hoes in the bankroll Sort of like like the game show Who wants to be a millionaire  But my name ain't Regis  Nas the one they call  When they want there thing beat up Honeys' with bodies  With Bravehearts guns in the party Waves, braids, and boldly, Trademarks to army Is that Horse it must be I heard he husky Yeah, there go jungle eyes red  Looking for trouble And that's Nas dancing with dimes But who's his manage The imperial thug Is cold deep grand wiz  We taking honeys' to the crib tonite Grantee we going up in there rib tonite Check the new slang It's changed the braveheart gang bang When you see me pass Holla oochie bang bang  [Naish] Yeah what up ma,  take a look, you hypnotized on how my long dick stretch your insides for real ma, with your thick lips and thick thighs stoke both holes, pass it to Nas or pass it to Naish, or pass it to Jung or pass it to Horse, then that ass gettin tossed fuck a hustler book, penthouse or blacktale i got bitches sendin my niggas flicks in jail i fuck a bitch face more than her waist for real and aint no pussy like new pussy thats how a nigga feel bust three times throw her the peace sign she sleep then my dick sleek and I aint gotta call her for weeks Long leg hoes, mo'head hoes, married bitches Me and my dog - fuckin them both they got us switchin  Is the nigga gangsta? Yeah, that's how I'm livin That's how I'm playin - I got these freak fuckin hoes singin [chorus] [Jungle] Little young thing go around my dick with your tongue ring Deep throat my nine inch, gut from the front and grind from the side and, fuck from behind and Grab her hair slap her ass, she screamin like she dyin Make her come four times without even tryin I'll beat that pussy up there's no denyin Hit her where she doodie at, make that booty fat Little cutie rat, walking by with the doobie wrap Tight blue jeans, air max Small gucci bag No loot and no job Stay home giving blow jobs Like no prob, it's simple Holla out the window it's the project nympho Fuck my whole crew, you know how we do you got that good pussy I can share with my peoples Be a brave girl, do your thang Let them tities hang, I'll have all the bitches sayin [chorus] [Horse] When it comes to sex I'm similar to the thriller in manilla Bitches call me Horse the pussy filler I'll fuck a big boned or slim chick Beat that pussy up real quick then send home the bitch Aint no sleepin in my bedroom When henny's in my dick When Flex drop the bomb i bust a nut on this bitch Deep throat, ceaser gold or pun wicked hoes Who like the way i thug and the way i flow I like head in the Benz, the four door or the Coupe Head in the staircase, the cellar or the roof Head in the studio, the bathroom or the booth Head from a project chick or one with crazy loot Like Nia Lomg in a cherry thong with the lights on Sippin Perignon with Kelly Price on I pull out my python, I hit it while my wife's gone Long dick the bitch all night, I'll make her pussy sing the song [2nd chorus till the end] oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang oo-chie wally wally The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Firm f/ Dr. Dre Album: Phone Tap 12" Song: Everyday Thing Typed by: dy_face@yahoo.com [Intro: Nas Escobar] Uhh.. What? Y'all don't get this everyday, word! [Verse One: Nas Escobar] With so much drama in Q-B-C, it's kind of hard being Escobaro El Derado red, sipping Don out the bottle My life is like a Donald Goines novel We wave glasses like Bravo, drunk niggaz with mad problems Shot pockets, niggaz on the block rock this Buy cocaine, cook it and chop it Looking to profit, in triple ways Going through this difficult stage Called life when each year my physical is praised Niggaz slip beyond to reach your help Cut in the street, thinking they can teach their self When all we wanted was a piece of wealth And randomly we feed our family, these streets are insanity Amber me, caught inside a thug's fantasy Richest nigga in showbiz; is what I plan to be Heavy desire, hold this nine ready to fire You know me, show me the money like I'm Jerry Maguire It's on [Verse Two: Nature] It's time we set it straight, connect with Dre the correct way Predicted platinum in less than a day So for that we toast, this one's for us while y'all lacking hope All I do is write rap, stack, relax and smoke Watching my dreams come true, stay humble in the eyes of others Politicking with the wisest brothers It's Nature, one of the latest, peep how I play this Straight from The Bridge, one of your kid's favorites From now, til the day that I'm stiff Foul flagrant, pay the rent, always stay swift Stuck in my ways, type chauvinistic Since the youth; I had a thing for big hoops, flooded rings and older bitches Holding my riches, in lump sums, for trust funds Fully recovered thugs lust to bust guns While some will get drunk, beat wives and cuss sons A slow process, called life, let's show progress [Verse Three: Dr. Dre] Check it.. when I said I hold my own I wasn't fronting Never claimed to be the baddest, but skills; I got a little something Coming through, new clique and tracks Known for blazing on the Chronic that's what put me on the map Nothing can give me more pleasure to start this I worked the hardest, dug the farthest Making me illest producing artist Done crimes, ran from One Time Can catch me with my crew busting rhymes in the sun shine state No caste; to build; I chill with millionaires Out to make the killing for real, my resolution this year Few places I walked, most imagine New faces I met at beauty pageants Past cuties, now wanna do me Yo, I never forgot where I'm from I check for family and every nigga that was down from day one If you ain't speaking money language I can't hang You know your conversation is weak, so it's senseless to speak The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ja Rule f/ 2Pac, Ashanti, Nas Album: The Last Temptation Song: The Pledge Remix Typed by: JaredK@playazone.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ash] There's no me [Nas] In the beginnin, it was me (blastin) Nas (I'm blastin) [Nas] I stood alone (Ashanti) but now [Ash] Don't you know that I will never leave [Nas] Murder Inc. y'all [Jah] It's MURAHHHHHHHH! Nigga, HA HA! [Nas] It's over now; y'all know that right? (Irv Gotti!) [Nas] Ill Will baby [Ash] It's Murdah, for life [Verse One: Nas] My enemies want sorta the same respect I was born with Godson, tatted on my chest it's permanent The rap Albert Anastasia; you cowards Y'all want the crown from the black power man of Asia Snap out your dreams and prayers of takin a king's paper Ask another rapper how it feels to lose his whole gangsta (How it feel?) Youse a no namesta - ya little mans is no threat You make me upset I might stank ya (blastin) Inc. is the Murdah, Ill Will merger let my cash make sex with yo' cash, it can't hurt us Phones ringing off the hook, Bush and Bloomberg callin me constant Streets wanna know the cause of that gossip Nas is lord of the projects 'til the coffins drop in the ocean like a Amistad slave overboat when It's a new day ya should be scared I'm back with Stoute Southside, Queensbridge, the hood's in here [Chorus: Ashanti] + (Nas) There's no me (uh talk to me) without you (There's no me y'all) I can't be (I.N.C.) without you (Ill Will now) Don't you know that I will never leave (talk to me now) Leave you (It's no me y'all) All I need (I.N.C.) need is you There's no me [Jah] Yeah - you talk to these niggaz Gotti [Irv] B-b-b-blastin! I'm blastin.. [Jah] Whattup Suge? [Ash] It's Murdah! [Ja Rule] And lord knows I'll, DIEEE, I pledge allegience to homicide And murdah be the case when I kill 'em Whyyy, would they get a nigga like me started I'm regarded the hardest workin artist since 'Pac - NIGGAZ! And I ain't talkin if I'm liked or better I'm talkin if he was here we'd probably ride together On this chick ass nigga with curls, bitch dog! Get at me dog - Rule nigga the boss You always been a punk now ain't it a pity That you runnin to I.G., dyin to be me But I pledge, I.N.C. and for the love I'll bleed it in blood and die from hot slugs - motherfuckers [Ashanti] Murdah I.N.C. - you know that I can't see myself livin without you, bein without you, breathin without you baby What you done to me - you know that I can't see myself livin without you, bein without you, breathin without you baby [Chorus] w/o Nas ad libs [Chorus] - in background while 'Pac talks and Gotti ad libs [2Pac] I shall not fear no man but God Though I walk through the valley of death If I should die before I wake.. [Jah] It's Murdah!!!! [Ash] It's Murdah, for life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone, Cormega, Marley Marl, MC Shan, Millennium Thug,  	Mobb Deep, Nas, Nature, Tragedy Khadafi Album: QB Finest * Queensbridge: The Album Song: Da Bridge 2001 Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com (Aiyyo calm down, fall back! Y'all Queensbridge always fightin up in here!) [Marley Marl] Ladies and gentlemen, we got Queensbridge Finest up in this mothafucker  tonight They just came from war They wanna let you know a little something about where they come from "The-the Bridge" "Queensbridge" "The-the Bridge" "The-the Bridge" "Queensbridge" "The-the Bridge" "The-the Bridge" "Queensbridge" "The-the Bridge" "The-the Bridge" "Queensbridge" [MC Shan] You love to hear the story, again and again About a rap dynasty that just won't end The monument, still in your face Niggas played out, Shan still in the place Hip hop was set out in the dark The Bridge was never Over, we left our mark The jam is dedicated to you and your boys I brought my Queensbridge thugs to kill that noise [Havoc] If you was an out-of-towner, had to know somebody wit strength You know the drill, shit was real, fuck around, got killed You know the Hill breed of thugs, death to those that squeal Squeezin them slugs, one love to thugs that died in the field So many names don't got time to spit em, but through my rhymes they livin We the Bridge through tracks I'm givin Never lose sight, 41st Side's my life The 40th Side of life, dunn we keepin it tight [Cormega] Yo it ain't just the music Group aspirations or ghetto illustions It's the product, east side, and all the beautiful children And unleashed dreams comin through each building If you sleep, you better wake up as you see Mega more mature, I'm on a record wit Nature Mind on my paper, nine in my waist There's no denyin the greatness Queensbridge, never try to disgrace it [Millennium Thug] Aiyyo the Queensbridge associations breeds similarity Bricked up, chipped off rocked out salaries Pull out long guns, pop out casualities It's like I gotta see a thug nigga ill as me The Ill Will in me, I rep that willingly Step back enemies, death tracks feelin me Six blocks, losin my mind Runnin from D's These P's got me usin my nine, I pop off [Nature] Y'all know the place where stars is from  Every night it sparks off and the crowds'll run We leave chicks strippin over strollers (Slippin Sova) In Queens, you be the victim till you get to know us Your hood's bogus, my hood be keepin it crunk So much be jumpin off I ain't sleep in a month Y'all can play the front line, I be deep in the cut Drive through, you can't peep it enough You in the Bridge nigga [Capone] You must pay homage to my projects We thorough to the end Only jail and death divide us From rap to the crack suppliers Out-of-towners get knocked off We regualte blocks laws I had the hood like Watts flooded wit cop force QB to the cracks in the pavement Mister Everything that ? pool for stacks in a basement Niggas understand the drama we bring The legacy, dynasty upholding the ring where QB is king, what! [Tragedy] Yo for you I take a fifth to the head till I url Boomerang dunn, QB bust they gun Keep them PC niggas on the run, one Mahti specialist, 2-5 the nemesis The last verse, "T.O.N.Y." remember this Resurrect through the birth of my seed, crime genetic You synthetic, your gangsta's cosmetic I move niggas telekinetic, who wanna set it [Prodigy] Yo yo move... Me and my dogs comin through We the grain, go against us you feel pain Get ranked on, we beat niggas numb These niggas is dumb, you can't resist my dunns 2001 we still thump, the fuck happened to ya'll? We like that snowball, goin downhill We get large, you get bullets lodged In your jaw, your ribs, your arms We party hard, at the bar Buyin bottles of overpriced styles and Remy Mar The Head Niggas In Charge We number one, QB there's no competition Infamous Records, Bars and Hooks listen Littles, Noyd, and Mega We independent, dunn we Infamous Mobbin G.O.D., Nitty and Twin in The Ill Will Bravehearts, L.E.S. millennium [Nas] Yo blow faces, fo-fo blazes, no one's safe This music mogul rollin wit a hundred soldiers Gangstas we postal Oh you didn't, wanna know whose life Was Written The life I'm livin The ice the women The kites that sendin to lifeless biddin The streets to prison I touch you then buck you Heats be spittin La-ser, AR fifteen doors come down Jaws is broke, your whole crew is coffin bound Your hoe, your man, lieutenant, your boss get found This dough I got, I spend it and toss around New York it's time we flip it, where you from? Ladies, it's time we flip it, where you from? Now tell me who was the true thugs in videos first? Who had the projects behind us, who bit it the worst? We from the largest project, yo the biggest on earth Queensbridge know they history, left y'all cursed cuz [Chorus] *repeat to fade* Keep on rockin the Bridge and keep rockin If the beats stop rockin, the Bridge'll keep rockin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: QB Finest * Queensbridge: The Album Song: Find Ya Wealth Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Crime, life, bitches, money Time.. For my Braveheart's.. my Braveheart's Uhh, uhh, uhh.. what, what, what? One time.. two times.. From "Breaking Atoms" to "Illmatic", to goin platinum Shit did change course since rippin it with Main Source Nine-one, nine-two, time flew Out of the blue, time for a new young king to rule Younger frame, older state of mind Find my name on a page in your Qu'ran, I learned that, in '89 When I was slingin cocaine and baby 9's Put it in rap and I gave y'all a way to rhyme God guides us, from public assistance to high rises Condos, houses where y'all can't find us Move on your cliques in silence, and wet it up My meal everyday was a slice and 7-Up Took advice from a street legend Identities have been changed, to protect the innocent Witnessin niggaz mistakes, visits at niggaz wakes Cause jealousy infiltrates and seals your fate Look way deep inside yourself Discover the diamond inside, find ya wealth Once you get it, you gotta live it the limit Niggaz never wanna see you with it, FUCK THEM THO' Niggaz can't come close enough to touch the dough The lifestyle I live is untouchable So we clutch a few, guns that'll touch your crew Cause we learned to do what the hustlers do [Nas] Different ways to come out the hood - in cuffs or a casket or crazy, or shootin three pointer baskets Or maybe - it's the rap shit, all type of tactics we use to get dough, some choose kickin in doors I asked a reverand, my mother and a best friend less than ten years ago for me to get dough What y'all recommend is either dope weed or blow Cause high school was slow, and jewelry was hot Duckin truancy cops, trains I hopped, to make it downtown Cisco in my veins, pissed between trains Canal Street, just lookin at rings Outside through a glass, went in the store and asked how much it cost, Korean man brushin me off for some other big time customer, probably a hustler who looked down at my small chain and chuckled up I said, "I'll be just like you soon, motherfucker what?" [Nas] To them niggaz who get life and throw a smile at the judge Wildest thugs, who blow trial, exiled from the hood Keepin bitches, comin through on visits You will survive, them weak freaks think you finished You first time in you known for poppin your toast By your third year in you forgotten by most Niggaz wife cut them out of they life, niggaz don't write Friends actin like they don't be gettin your kites It be ill, niggaz comin home and no time to get killed Not even home a month and they get peeled, backwards in they own backyard or in the park One to the head, two to the heart, you should be smart In the projects, who gon' die next? Hoodrats know who let the gats blow and who keep cashflow Like the niggaz know the rats, with some good asshole Blunts be a good-ass roll while passin your 'dro [Nas] Feel me? One time, huh, two times, uhh uhh uhh What what what? Uhh uhh uhh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas, Bravehearts, Millenium Thug Album: Queensbridge: The Album Song: Kids in Da P.J.'s Typed by: ninemilli@webtv.net * * send corrections to this typist [chorus] To the kids in the p.j.'s  ghetto children i know it ain't easy ya'll wanting millions  sunshine turns to rain its ghetto pain when a one time raise  sometimes the young is slain To the kids in the p.j.'s black babies brought up in this world where it's wild and crazy child of the Nile future lifestyle looks hazey dreams to drive a Mercedes with a pile of ladies [NAS] Third grade singing star spangled banner using proper manners  learnt to handle anger animal behavior later on my block rocking with my jocks on eating Bon Ton chesse popcorn  humming a KISS rock song socks long to my knees  summer breeze running through the leaves playing freeze tag can I stay out please dad  can I hang out with my little gang out hearing shots rang out  heard my moms call my name out come upstairs run up stairs take a bath shit stained underwear wipe yourself with paper bad little ass in my bed at 8:30 wash my plate ate dinner up late gazing at the wall praying basketball  was my future for this young one  hooping in the sun proud to be where I come from  later shooting guns fantasizing  fascinated by gold rope chains looking back at my hood days but things aint changed [chorus] [Millenium Thug] In my hood niggaz smoke wood  nothing is good  look at my eys and see what I could living my life and feel what I felt the hand that I was dealt  drama that my uncle Shabazz had I was a little lad niggaz shooting through my Grams window shattering glass  had the chicken pox  on that toy horse that rocks  my moms grabbed me down to safety everybody in the crib was going crazy that was in the 80's and now im 17 money cash dreams niggaz be slave  I be brave spit like A.K.'s and S.K.'s close range niggaz see brains Millenium Thugs the name but now it's slash cocaine blast niggaz in vaine satch yo' chain cherrish the life   my niggaz got a fetish for ice turn out the lights I bust so I could spar up the night uniting the pipes  Queensbridge niggaz is sheist need no price body yall dudes on spite who knew I would of spazzed out  little Nayshawn owner of the crack house get my papes on  tired of 'friderators all the steaks gone [Wiz] Now picture this shit  with six Aunts five Uncles thugging a double apartment out kids, cousins, and brothers there I go in the pamper by the radiator cursing eatin first little nigga with a appetite that got worst firs day of school ten man cliq all i'm learning is how to extort shit 'cuz class i forefit graduated on another level  selling birds busting birds  fuck with the herbs  never we fuck up the herbs make 'em pay like you stick 'em up get down since ten was taught to turn 'em around rip they pockets out  bust two the way they run I ain't give a fuck that's how I was  I was young [chorus] [Horse] Horse was born as a brave child  big for my size  a bully to little guys with chocolate miks and apple pies the playground was mine I stayed scarred up all the time  from shopping carts flipping  now we race to the finish line hated playing cooties 'cuz that shit wasn't fun all the honey's say i'm it  then they little ass run I was sweared to put a hickey on the ones that I caught I was a nasty little nigga I learned to hump before I walk kept a sling shot on my side to shoot  squirrles and cats wanted to be Captain America with the Shillinger hat I started getting older fell more in love with the streets  infactuated by the ropes and the shiny  gold teeth I was to big to break dance fuck spiining on my back my role models now run numbers and sell crack this project child blessed  chasing ghetto success  he needs a name for himself to ge the same respect The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Ruc Album: QB Finest Song: Real Niggas Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net Ruk:  Ill Will...yeah yeah yo...Queensbridge niggas...crud love baby.. Verse 1: (Ruk) Aiyo, I zone out feelin' like I'm in Capone's house starin' at Manhattan and The Bridge with the chrome out Ki's on the table, black tanktop, long cable thoughts of overtakin' the table dismantle and disable verbal, made fatal, what drug paper do straight duct tapin', apin' a few takin' Mo' and Henny straight and things loose puffin' the fruits, thug in a duece flaggin', pants saggin', fuckin' ya goose I'm like nothin' to you dumpin' the Rug' and your group in a red coog' jump in the Isuzu and cruise blank tints, bulletproof, red Timb boots nigga loose, license plate screamin' "Fuck you" drunken days, I wish ya'll knew thug dreams, what it means to you red seams, triple beams 40 inch blings, Ill Will the fuckin' team this for my niggas in the Bridge from Queens. Chorus (Nas) Illmatic Ice, Goon, Sonny, and Smitty (real niggas) Big Felton, Chick, Petey, and Sarge (real niggas) Yambo, Bar, Spank, and Will (real niggas) some is here, some died in the field (real niggas) Richie, Luke, Arkay, Marty, Tahay (real niggas) Rico, Black, Party Rob, and Eighty (real niggas) Y.G., Nut, Foul One, and Lord (real niggas) Blink, Ice, Cliff, Super nice, and Draws (real niggas) Verse 2: (Nas) Bumpy Johnson style, old timers, crocodile shoes pinky rings, big rounders with tools, bossin' wild crews slacks, overlaps, applejack hats quarterfield coats Cadillacs with white walls and chrome wheel spokes they were organized, investin', had a piece of the hood they had drugs, bettin' numbers, police understood they played the Cotton club, red carpet, hoes on they arm plush mink, pimped out gangsta, civil rights wasn't won every Christmas they were Santa Claus, Nichson was the Anti-Christ bitches asses were bigger then, sniffin' nose candy white listenin' to Malcolm speak, talcum powder, shaving cream layin' back, barber chair, straight razor clean Babies were born, big families started to blossom mad people just applied for apartments and got 'em used to be rules to this game of hustlers and dealers from Tommy guns to MAC Tens it's Q.B.'s newborn killers.  Verse 3: (Ruc) 96 buildings of children, guns, and bad feelings Q.B. see we rep by the Millions each block, ten spots, a hundred different villians in abundance my dunnettes run this drug dealin' stash the jums in hallway cielings gangsta paradise, watch the ice, nigga make a killin'  in the cut on the steps yo gettin' good neck only in the projects, we die with respect pussy niggas quiet as kept will riot the set six blocks of real niggas vexed assorted irons and vests, stress on they chest 20 half a G's on Henny, Son, the whole hood is wet in memory of...who's next? train they set, lend they Teck, earn your check nigga, you better rep  real niggas come out the projects 40 to the 41st, Vernon to the 12th.  Chorus (Nas) Sherm the Worm, High, Papoose (real niggas) Black Ed, Killa Black, Wee-Wop (real niggas) Body G, Divine, Hot Day (real niggas) J.L., Earnie, Q.T. (real niggas) Karate Joe, Big Killa, Beefstick (real niggas) Lloyd, Floyd, niggas we miss (real niggas) Al Womack, Spunk, World, and Fun (real niggas) Goodfellas, 40 Busters, Young Guns (real niggas) Vernon Posse, Tre Bag, Black Born (real niggas) Green Eyes, Small Shan, Duhan (real niggas) Peace, Tommy, Ron, Keyshawn (real niggas) Herb, Bohound, Crazy (real niggas) Jungle, Horse, Wiz, Bravehearts (real niggas) Havoc, Prodigy, Mobb Deep (real niggas) Killa Kids, Infamous Mobb (real niggas) Rambo, Face, Shayquan (real niggas) L.E.S., Big Things, Nashawn (real niggas) Crime Fam, Ron, Smack, Don, Alawn (real niggas) Justice, Understanding, Joe Grimes (real niggas) Lou, Frank, John, Hope, Fall Guy (real niggas) J-Roc, Bumpy, and Little Black (real niggas) the list is gettin' too long for this track (real niggas) Gangsta, Gangsta, Gangsta...to all my real niggas from Queensbridge, from the grave, in a cage, or walkin' on stage doin' they thing gettin' paid...my Nigga Mr. Ruc who don't give a fuck,  Queensbridge to the death niggas,  2001 and so on and so on... (Ruc)  My nigga Bowser, my nigga Spank, shoutouts to Sudan,  QBC's finest, Bing, Crime Fam, Killa Kids, Malik The Hitler,  Hot Bars, Mo King, shouts to Pop, Wild Gremlins, Germ and Norm,  let's get it on..... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Prodigy & Nas Album: QB Finest * Queensbridge: The Album Song: Self Conscience Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Prodigy] Yo.. Is it ill, do it need to be fixed? (That shit is real Dunn; and stop talkin like your skills don't kill) Nah it's just that sometimes I feel like that I can write more fouler than the last [Prodigy's "Conscience"] Yo that shit is cash trust me Dunn; I'll never lead you astray Take my word niggaz wanna hear how you think It be that shit that you wouldn't expect to win that stay playin in they decks over and again Speak your thoughts, put your all in it Whatever's in your mind, spit it Place your anger on the page, release tension on the tape A stress verse, seem to be what they most thirst Makes fake niggaz disperse, they never challenge what works [Prodigy] Balancin the weakness, is what I specialize in Dunn you my nigga cause you keep me hype when I'm writin Kept me on point in the night when it might go down Keep me eyes wide in the daytime as well Kept me focused on what's real and nuttin else I find it healthy, to conversate with myself I kick it with my delf (I kept you alive, all these years) It's that inner voice you shoulda took head to and shit Coulda been home instead of bleedin Maybe next time you'll listen when it speaks [Prodigy's "Conscience"] Yo Dunn, I got a story to tell Remember last week's mission? I told you bring the gun (Yeah I remember) Nah listen, without me you'd be a memory I'm the one you could come to for guidance Bring you home alive when you wildin Kept you out of harm's way, told you when to spray Told you when it's time to put it away and when the cops came, you was safe [Prodigy] Without question, I stay aware Dunn I'm listenin Everytime we speak it's real, I know your intention's to make sure we both safe and livin, and breathin You gets all respect from me Dunn, believe it [Prodigy's "Conscience"] Yo we got kids to raise and bills to pay Enemies to lay down when they stand in our way, it's only us (What about the click?) Now if you die is they comin? When you shot do they feel the bullet? And when you broke can they fix it? Aight then, you keep writin and let me do the thinkin, I brought us this far without mistaken [Nas] Voices in my head from choices that I dreaded choosin Cautions I shoulda took head, lost in my weed, steady losin Thug stripes, badges of honor, forces to succeed Whores on they knees, fuckin with millionaires, killers and thieves I fuck until there's no feelin where, I bust and I pee I lusted cars but I suffered and my scars run deep I stay to myself, one deep, pray to my God cause he say when it's hard get on one knee, and ask Thy for forgiveness Fuck the cash, the ice, the Ferrari's with two-twenty on the dash when your life ain't right See niggaz smile up in your face and stick a knife in your back Snakes shake your hand and got his dick up in your wife back Why's it like that? It's life black, this is the game The way I see it both bitches and niggaz, is the same I trust myself, I can't fuck myself When hoes leave and no weed I still know me, just myself Fear is weakness learn from what experience teaches Beware of leaches, the vampires, my secret's never follow, cause most niggaz is straight up cowards Take care of my body's the temple my mind is the power The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Pop Album: QB Finest * Queensbridge: The Album Song: Street Glory Typed by: dimlx@aol.com [NAS] (Intro) Uhh, still out in these motherfuckin projects Still a nigga ain't never gonna get the fuck up outta here Niggaz just don't understand the story Chorus: [Pop] Niggaz die for the street glory Go to trial get tried for each story And each nigga got a story And QB the streets call me So if you see me slippin' reach for me I'm goin' after street glory Go to trial get tried for each story And each nigga got a story And QB the streets call me So if you see me slippin' reach for me I'm goin' after street glory [NAS] Yo,  Every time I turn around niggaz shot, niggaz stabbed When tonight's pregnant girls strugling to get a cab Fiends lurkin', D's searchin' pat pockets Kids put to bed duck they heads from gas poppin' Queensbridge slingin' hoppin' our benches  Don status, throw feeds, got sirenges Poppin' out they arm scratched Now remember parked (???)  Cuz' else perfect ways, shell adidas  Smellin' reefer way before purple haze Private stock peer nigga with ill walks like Mark Clare Has tilted wild niggaz lickin' shots in the air Me and Pop was there through the years our names have switched Ain't nothin' changed but the names Nastradamus and Blitz What project is this? QB burnin' in tint 12th street murderous pimps, hot as hell's heat What could you tell me? Niggas seen it all in this game When it's all said and done just remember our name [Pop] I'm familiar with the dead grass drama black gates and crime Embryo of the ghetto born face and time Niggas shatter they dreams while I'm chasing mine Ghetto fame got a fellow's name draped and shined How do I describe an atmosphere where streets are polluted? Where corruptors and new police being recruited Somehow I make it through the day stayin' secluded While the blues aim leavin' another slain, executed Many thought's cause I see the past grimmly  That could've been me, explodes out on 41st and 10th street Through all the pap grease and street chases Sudden raids and confrontations leadin the misdeamenor weed cases I blew smoke through hallway window Watched the buddah clouds lingo Pluckin the blunt brokes from my fingers My eyes flip different shades Similar to people you meet everyday who be displayin' wicked ways Seein' nothing but another day In this six story rat trap Them gats clap another nigga's blazed Events in my hood rotate Like the battle on the 38 snob in the world of fake love Before I blaze son, I'm kissing the slugs Coming at you kisses and hugs When death calls who's really a thug The street glory got me deeply in love Can't shake it, can't take it, can't make it Got me needin' this drug (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Millenium Thug Album: QB Finest * Queensbridge: The Album Song: Teenage Thug Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Don't hurt nuttin.. A teenage thug (you can't tell them shit) A teenage thug (nigga just chasin his dick) A teenage thug (he want the world to recognize) A teenage thug (he's a man now, fuck his size) A teenage thug (can't stop him, they on the rise) A teenage thug (the court of law despise) A teenage thug [M. Thug] Wanna fuck and puff lie A teenage thug [Nas] Dreams of bein a doctor will deteriorate Takin over the underworld was a clearer fate Luxury cars, a hundred girls at my face Laced the name brand, had my game plan mapped out Lost respect for those cracked out Most of my elders were failures to the poison that killed Len Bias from bein Celtic The later I would hang, the greater my slang It took my english, replaced it with game Only cared about, sneakers and two-two bullets Influenced by the hood, wasn't scared to pull it Dared to do what I would First blunt they passed me tasted nasty Then overwhelmed in the spell the blunt had me Eyes red, pants saggin My first dime cut me off for braggin that we was home alone tappin Experimentin liquors, doin mixes, feelin sicker Finish the Henn, throw the bottle, hope it hit ya [Nas] Blacked out, I can't see shit sober, not the least bit Hold your head little man, y'all can't tell me shit Try to knock the pants off shorty, my hair just cut My Timbs just bought, the chain I sport I floss Thugs walkin through the block party, hands on my drawers Poppin cham' corks, posin like the man of New York Talk to this hottie with my niggaz who quick to blast you if you old cats, to these niggaz, they harass you [Millenium Thug] Hey yo cuz, growin up, I almost shattered my plans Some might say, I'm young at heart, but I'm a grown-ass man Givin food to my fam, damn, remember the first time a street thug showed me how to pitch dimes Only twelve in this hell where kids die I want bricks off the scale and just slide, and let my shit fly My Range shift by, I peel the road up with my shirt up, sweatin, with the ice restin on my chest Wild as a teenage thug [Millenium Thug] Livin and lovin this life, cap peel pump niggaz And since these thugs is trife, give 'em dap for that Yo where your mack at? I got mine Twist weed pop wine shift finds, at the end of the night, it's all fine Livin and lovin, cash stack cousin Yo' own fam blitz so quick, put clips through whips Six type shit let you hold it, ice roll with twenty below with gat golden, my hand look swollen Under my glove shit rocky Unless somebody in my life try to stop me, get popped papi A breddern, straight to the head that my medicine No fam of mine do time, we crime settlin Deliverancy unbelivable, Na'shon tracks smash people I chill up in the regal Eagle And plus it clap happy all of them hoes that's born happy I rip nappy, nature's to cut the roof off of Caddies You see me? [Chorus w/ variations] [Nas] Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin Don't-don't-don't, don't, don't hurt nuttin Don't hurt nuttin.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Cee-Lo Album: Nas' Greatest Hits Song: Less Than an Hour Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Cee-Lo (Nas)] La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la.. (Uh-oh, yeah) [Nas] Mr. International The man centerfold women loathe Voice bump out the Bose in a tinted Rolls Craftiness, take a stab at it Don't ask if Nasty's back at it I don't run out of magic Popular, box-cutter flow Time is money; the watch cost dough Shaking the dice, fragrances from some beautiful ladies The lights, the ambiance, yeah, this is the life The money, hotties on each arm--It's on I party like a rap star, baby the facts are The third time's a charm So meet me by the Eiffel Tour Bring a bottle of Dom [Cee-Lo] I am here (I am here) This is the place (This is the place) The atmosphere of espionage at expensive tape And each one that I see is an unfamiliar face So I guess I'll just cut straight through the chase And before I could say the name of who've I came to see Someone suspicion then came to me I'm so close and I've come so far A glass of red wine sits from the women at the end of the bar I love to talk to you; but I don't have the time She looks like the prettiest part of a perfect crime Ohh if I could I could I'd put a picket fence around a wild flower But darling I have Less Than an Hour (I.... have Less Than an Hour) (I.... have Less Than an Hour) Hmmmm... Ohhhh... funny how time flies when you're having fun (Nas: Yeah, let' em know) But I got to do what must be done [Nas] You're on a winning streak You've survived the killer streets Now you at the crap table, where the real villains meet Number seven might get you to Heaven You break the bank, just might make you a legend It's after eleven, you playing against a poker face Genie eyes, light green, sipping on Bellini's You play your cards right, she'll let you touch She'll be a devil in disguise, lady incubus Better know who to trust She might roll with thugs who roll bodies up in Asian rugs I'ma rush up and move on 'em, put the uz' on 'em The crews do something new, inform me [Cee-Lo] (I.... have Less Than an Hour) Ohhh... time will wait baby (I.... have Less Than an Hour) Ew-ohhh.... ewwwwwwwww.... hmmmmm.. I'm in the pursuit of my own personal power And I only have an hour The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas  Album: The Second Coming b/w We Live This 12" Song: The Second Coming  Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com  [Nas]  Third grade, singin Star Spandled Banner  Using proper manners, learned to handle anger Animal behavior  Later on my block rockin wit my jocks on  Eating Bon Ton cheese popcorn, hummin a KISS rock song  Socks long to my knees  Summer breeze runnin through the leaves  Playin freeze tag, can I stay out, please dad?  Can I hang wit my little gang out?  Hearin shots rang out, heard my moms call my name out  Come upstairs, run up stairs Take a bath, shit stained underwears  Wipe yourself wit paper  Bad little ass in my bed at 8:30  Wash my plate, ate dinner up late  Gazing at the wall, prayin basketball  Was my future for this young one  Hooping in the sun, proud to be where I come from  Later shootin guns fantasizing  Fascinated by gold rope chains  Looking back at my hood days but things ain't change  [Chorus] *all Nas samples* 2x  "Nasty-Nasty-Nasty Nas is a rebel to America"  "Lyrical professor, keep ya under pressure"  "It's like that, you know it's like that"  "Nas-Nas'll catch wreck", "You got the mad fat fluid" [Nas]  Bumpy Johnson style, old timers, crocodile shoes  Pinky rings, bank robbers wit two's, boss of wild crews  Slacks overlapsed, apple jack hats, quarter field coats  Cadillacs wit white walls and chrome wheel spokes  They was organizing, investing in a piece of the hood  They had drugs, bettin numbers, police understood  They played the Cotton Club, red carpet, hoes on they arm  Plush minks, pimped out gangstas, civil rights wasn't won  E'ry Christmas they was Santa Claus  Nixon was the anti-christ  Bitches ass was bigger than sniffin nose candy white  Listenin to Malcom speak, talcum powder shaving cream  Layin back, barber chair, straight razor clean  Babies is born, big families started to blossom  Mad people just applied for apartments and got em  Used to be rules to this game of hustlers and dealers  From tommy guns to mac 10's  QB's new born killers (shit is changed)  Chorus 2x  [Nas]  Yo everytime I turn around, niggas shot, niggas stabbed  Winter nights, pregnant girls strugglin to get a cab  Fiends lurkin, D's searchin, pat pockets Kids quick to bed but they heads from gats poppin  Queensbridge slingers hoppin out Benzes, don status  Dope fiends got syringes, poppin out they arms sractchin  I remember park jams  Gazelles, perfect wave shell  Adidas, smellin reefer way before purple haze  Private stock bare, niggas wit ill walks like Mark Clare  Hats tilted, wild niggas lickin shots in the air  Me and Pop was there, through the years our names would switch  Ain't nuttin changed but the names Nastradamus and Blizz  What project is this?  QB, Vernon and Tenth 12th Street, murderous pimps, hot as hell's heat  What could you tell me, nigga's seen it all in this game  When it's all said and done, just remember my name  Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Secret Agent Man Movie Promo Song: Secret Agent Man Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.Com, dasun_akbar@hotmail.com "Watch Out"----8X [Nas] There's a man who live the life of danger To everyone he meets stays as stranger With every move he makes, another chance he takes Odds are he won't live to see tomorrow He's secret agent man, amazing man Check how he walks, how he talks, how he lays his plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name Secret agent man, amazing man Check how he walks how he talks how he lays the plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name Beware of pretty faces that you find A pretty face can hide an evil mind Be careful what you say, or you'll give yourself away Odds are you won't live to see tomorrow agent man, amazing man Check how he walks, how he talks, how he lays his plan Secret agent man advance his game They gave him a number and took away his name He's secret agent man, amazing man Check how he walks, how he talks, how he lays his plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name Yeah, (secret) yeah, (secret) yeah (secret) yeah, (secret) Secret agent man, amazing man Check how he walks, how he talks, how he lays his plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name Swinging in the Riviera one day Then laying in the Bombay alley the next day Oh no, who let the wrong word slip While kissing them persuasive lips The odds are I won't live to see tomorrow I'm secret agent man, amazing man How I walk and talk and lays my plan Agent man advance the game They give you a number then take your name He's the, agent man, amazing man Check how he walks how he talks how he lays his plan Secret agent man advance his game They give you a number then take away your name "Watch Out" ---6X Uh, secret agent man Uh, uh, more bullet proof than a spook of set by the door More legend than 007, more raw "Watch Out" ---4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Akon & Ali Vegas Album: Shakedown Remix 12" Song: Shakedown Remix Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Nas (Akon)] Shakedown (Uh-oh-oh); Akon, Nas, here we go New York (Uh-oh-oh) Here we go world, here we go y'all (Uh-oh-oh, 'Cause it's a shakedown, uh-oh-oh) [Ali Vegas] The streets'll do whatever just to see me fail Mama'll do whatever to keep free from jail So she tellin' me to get my CDL But papi said he got some things that we could sell To turn the corner and to see VVS's He said you liked girls to get beneath their dresses You gon' need them SS's, VVS's, BBS's Here go the keys to the Lexus (Uh-oh-oh) Now I'm the center of attention like Kareem and them My squad run around the borough like we Prem' and them My gang with big truck, wifey's we beamin' them Let's Esco, that tag team from Queens again This is Shakedown, here go the breakdown The big boys are back; 'lil niggaz get off the playground I got up with the homey A now The kid babies 'bout to make the Earth quake now [Chorus: Akon (Nas)] Uh-oh-oh, we back now A bunch of gangsters strapped so make a way now When they come wavin' them gats you know the lay down (Lay it down) And give 'em all you got, 'cause it's a shakedown (Shakedown) Uh-oh-oh, (New York to H-Town) We back now (Here we go y'all) A bunch of gangsters strapped so make a way now When they come wavin' them gats you know the lay down (Uh-oh, Nas and Akon, uh-oh, Nas and Akon) And give 'em all you got, 'cause it's a shakedown Uh-oh-oh, (Here we go) [Nas] My man was smart Robbed the bank, buried the cash Did ten years, came home and bought him a Jag Other side of town, stick-up kids ride around Young niggaz not prepared this time around Walk in the jewelry store yellin', "Get on the floor" Snatched the sales lady up, hit her with the bulldog Grabbin' the ice, the heist went fast as the Vice Had rushed in, bussin', could you imagine this life? The streets come alive and laugh at your sorrows Leavin' your soul hollow That you fill it back up liquor bottles Black Messiah had the jux, 20 ki's uncooked Easy to push, some Japanese dealers were crooks They leave niggaz eyes cut out; what it means to us He seen too much, but we don't give a fuck Black truck pull up to the door Infa-green night vision lens we can see through the war "Get on the floor" [Chorus: Akon] We back now A bunch of gangsters strapped so make a way now When they come wavin' them gats you know the lay down And give 'em all you got, 'cause it's a shakedown Uh-oh-oh Do I make myself clear, uh-oh-oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Sinful Living 12" Song: Sinful Living  Typed by: dmoney27b@aim.com Situations I be kicking just you get you pacing That attentive, parental supervision, you should do the diction Street chronicles, struggles and losses Can make a nigga's moms hang up crosses and horseshoes I brought you, to that state of mind you needed By now your weeded, bob your head, recline seated And put your life inside the shoes of the shiestiest crews With sports cars and the iciest jewels, y'all know the rules In this street life, by now the beasts might be least white Stash your heat right, my pop passed the peace pipe And shed light on, he put me right on To be an icon, cuz dead niggas got they name wrote up in krylon The fast life, fistfights that shit could like amuse me Some chose a road some niggas died so what's to choosing? At nighttime, it especially addresses me Preferably, around 10, when my weed cipher begin We start bugging on facts, half the facts that's for sure Put your zone in my world if we adapt, crack, and pour Make a toast yo that's how we break bread together Probably when we dead be better, the problems ahead whatever Courvoisier sipping, whipping' out-of-state missions And just in case you're snitching, the safe's hidden With these conniving things, niggas make it to obvs (obvious) to bring Hatred to enterprising cream, advise your team to wiser schemes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas & Marsha Ambrosious Album: Smirnoff Signature Mix Song: If I Ruled the World 09 Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Marsha Amborious] (Nas) Oooh oooh, oooooooooooooooohhhhhhhh!!!! The stuggles of life! (Life!) Oooh, oooh, oooh, da da da da da da!!!!! (Everything I ever wanted) Oh, oh (Yeah Yeah!) Do do do do do do!!!! (Yeah! My life, so real) [Verse One: Nas]  Before I use to dream I could rule the world Now it's thoro I survived the perils in my fly apparel  Seven forty five appeal, no candy paint no chrome wheels I Close deals tried to see my face on my own bills The president here, he's honest and fair Prayed for the days, when the kins of slaves is honered and shared January 20th I was there  I'm aware the part I played to get young voters to care Recession is a blessin in disguise  For a new economy to rise somethin old has to die I'm still sippin Rose' PJ's it be's like that I brung the eighty seven Fila's back Save collect, B.I.G.'S dream came correct  Tryin to put seven hundreds, they made them yes I used to think United College Fund was for bums (Nah) The ghetto advocate for education look what I become [Chorus: Marsha Ambrosious] (*Nas) Before I use to dream I ruled the world (*I use to have to imagine, now I can actually have it) So here I am, to rule the world, world But now you used to dream you ruled the world (Now, you, use, to, dream, you, ruled, the, world!) (*I use to dream) (Ruled the world) So here we are, are, are, are (Yeah! Here we are!) [Verse Two: Nas] I don't say I'm maintainin, that's a lame's language (word) Poor English, from a wise man I learned paitence Me not distinguished, is like a fiendless Queensbridge I don't say I'm grindin, 'cause everything I do is redefining 'Cause when you know the streets to the science Apply it very moderate, 'til your business'll watch you profit Rap game, NBA to NFL, the kids'll yell, "Will I win?"  The fella ends up in the cell - nonsense 'Cause they can grow to be part of the Congress Be responsive, to these inner-city problems Behind a tent with a chauffer, I rep for the culture Rep for the thugs and STILL see eye to eye with Oprah I was a dreamer a wisher would hope for A better life for these kids while I sip on a Mosa I plan yo, you should watch the black and white's hand, yo Who's the best? Next to me, they couldn't light a candle Yep! [Chorus: Marsha Ambrosious] (*Nas) Before I use to dream I ruled the world (*I use to have to imagine, now I can actually have it) So here I am, to rule the world, world But now you used to dream you ruled the world (Now, you, use, to, dream, you, ruled, the, world!) (*I use to dream) (I Ruled the world) So here we are, are, are, are (Arrrrreeeeeeee!!!!!!) [Bridge: Marsha Ambrosious] (Nas) You can be who you wanna, say what you wanna (Marsha!) Tryna make it better, our sons and our daughters (Yeah!) Use your mind - make a change Yes, we can - see a brighter day Gon' be struggle, gon' be pain But no excuses to be made This is the time that we've been waiting foooooooooor!!!! [Verse Three: Nas] I done seen it all, I got it on with the weak and strong There's no relief, it's like the beef keeps keepin on I can't count the amount I drew heaters on 'Cause we was warrin in the Ps', it was Vietnam Now I got you in arenas, watchin me perform The songs rappin 'bout them same beefs and the street I'm from Thankful, for the art form I'm eatin from I never see no losses, I only see we won - yeah [Chorus: Marsha Ambrosious] (*Nas) Before I use to dream I ruled the world (*I use to have to imagine, now I can actually have it) So here I am, to rule the world, world But now you used to dream you ruled the world (Now, you, use, to, dream, you, ruled, the, world!) (*I use to dream) (I Ruled the world) So here we are, are, are, are (Here we are this day!!!!) Before I use to dream I ruled the world (*I use to have to imagine, now I can actually have it) So here I am, to rule the world, world But now you used to dream you ruled the world (Now, you, use, to, dream, you, ruled, the, world!) (*I use to dream) (Oh we come so far!) So here we are, are, are, are (Here we are this day!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Stillmatic * Song: Stillmatic Typed by: diplomat@hiphopsite.com * this freestyle appears on several mixtapes but may not be released;  however it sparked the response on Jay-Z's song "Takeover" [Nas having conversation with himself] Ayo Nasty Nas, what up? ~Ain't nothing, a lot of cowards frontin'. I hear what you're saying, but yo, this is all love for me, you know? ~No doubt, smoke them cowards, you STILLMATIC Ma, I'm sorry who the fuck I AM, I can't trust my fans Out of luck, no constructive plans My friends stay powdered up, I'm so drunk, can't stand You said if I would sober up, I'd be a powerful man Turned out the street life, you prayed I wouldn't But every church in the world can't save our children I stayed out late, you heard shots, thought it would be Your older son on the ground dead, but fortunately The bullets had some other names on it, the brother was blind I hit the el, than we yell out, "It wasn't my time!" I loaded up shells, one by one, you smelled blunts from my room door Little Nasir was at war And little did I care what you saw Crew deep with a few heat, now it's time we settle the score But in the projects, I visit Muhammad, in linen garments Preaching Man, Woman, and Child, the living Prophet And I'm similar, Nasir Bin Olu Dara Visqu Allah, fist full of dollars in the dice game God The Ice King, God, the Black Christ, elegant stance Clothes fit me like a crime boss, the menacing man I see the world collapsing, young pregnancies Young girls are fast and in their Sasoon jeans, no prophylactic All this fast shit and fly jewelry, now makes my eyes teary N Y City, grab a hold and ride with me  Rip the FREEWAY, shoot through MEMPHIS with money bags Stop in Philly, order cheese steaks and eat BEANS fast And bring it back up top, remove the fake king of New York You show off, I count off when you sample my voice I rule you, before, you used to rap like the FU-SHNICKENS NAS designed your BLUEPRINT, who you kidding? Is he H TO THE IZZO, M TO THE IZZO? For shizzle you phony, the rapping version of SISQO And that's for certain, you clone me, your wack clothes line I'd rather wear Sean John, you bore me with your fake coke rhymes And those times, they never took place, you liar UN was your first court case, you had no priors You master fabricated stories of streets and sound slick Have you surrounded, you and the faggots you down with While they riding NAS, trying to boost their careers Corny as CORN-MEGA, all you Hip-Hop queers Since ILLMATIC, IT WAS WRITTEN: I AM...NASTRADAMUS That's the answers to the puzzle I gave you, now here's a promise My next few albums, instead of projects They'll be a difficult test inside the cover for the mind's optics Come in my hood, but bring the guns with you, it's dark Headed through Brooklyn, Queens, Harlem, Staten, and Bronx Headed through Compton, Oaktown, South Central, and Watts New Orleans, Mississippi, Chi-town, every block I'm trying to have my positive ways, I put my rhymes on page Did crimes and headline on stage I signed a contract, so here it is, you have it Streets disciple, I'm STILLMATIC [Female voice sample] You make me feel so good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street Fighter soundtrack Song: One on One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: In the Rotten Apple, take a bite taste the worm Embrace the world of reality we're faced to learn Coke connection drug bust, graveyards where thugs rest I keep my mug blessed, the evil is illegal substance sold Roll mob deep, guns in the black Jeep Mac-11's and legends, cracks in the streets Patroller, gold money-folder, gun happy soldiers Never sober takin over, my blood is colder Niggaz respect violence so I become it I'm from it, I even done it blunted so run it  Yeah son, you know what this is  Take it off [come on dunn, don't even come at me like that]     [dunn, come on dunn] Chorus: Imagine this, no guns no knife It's a one on one so now we gots to fight, son Imagine this, no gun no knife It's a one on one now we got to fight, yeah Imagine that, no gun no knife It's a one on one now we got to fight, yeah Imagine this, no gun no knife It's a one on one, son Verse Two: Yo I'm a cream fiend, with a mean dream Brain full of schemes, my crew's rollin fresh out the greens Give you what you never seen, the ips on the Mac-10 It's 2:10 in the A.M. in the streets of Queens Try hard and die hard Chances of survivin the game is like tryin to feed Allah lard A walk a piece with a deadly shadow They want to blow me with the double barrel, found no sorrow I brawl with Blanka, caught Bison in a thinker Don't make hell your new home, with the blue chrome Mistakes want me, sauve fellow but raunchy The soul of a cold body haunts me, I flee the country But only to shed tears for years Too wild for my own self, hopin help is near Street Fightin was cool but in school I brought a new tool Toolin with the devil, a rebel, a fool Chorus: Imagine this no guns no knife Just a one on one where we got to fight, yeah Imagine this no gun no knife Just a one on one where we got to fight, yeah Imagine this no gun no knife Just a one on one where we got to fight, yeah Imagine this no gun no knife Just a one on one, a one on one Yeah, take it to the bridge -- Queensbridge  Yo whassup money? [Yo yo do you remember this face?]       [Yeah yeah yeah, run these, run these]  *sounds of brawl* [Break you down! Get broke!]       [No hands, run that, run that, run that, no hands] Verse Three: I hear Jake walkie-talkies in my sleep Marked money I keep, play the bitches all week I visualize Coups, alligators in suits Elevators in my mansion that rises to the roof Sippin eighty proof, watchin Juice, but hold up I see some brothers tryin to roll up, wishin I could fold up It's hard to see their faces in they hoodies, I better boogie Too late, I tried to swing when they jigged me, I'm out...  Yeah yeah kid, don't front, 360 degrees, knowhatI'msayin?  That's how it comes back at you. Queensbridge, that's how we live.  South side, all that. New York, light it up, light it up.  Yo yo you saw how I snuffed that kid? [Yeah I saw that, I saw that]  You know how we steppin. That's how we do out here in the street fight! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Street Dreams 12" Song: Street Dreams (Bonus Verse) Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com "Uh. What?! What?! Uh." Street dreams are made of these Thugs drop Beemers wit' three-hundred E's A drug dealer's destiny is reachin' a ki Everybody's lookin' for somethin' Street dreams are made of these Shorties on they knees for playas wit' big cheese Who am I to disagree? Everybody's lookin' for somethin' [Noise and a gun shot] My man put me up for the share, one-fourth of a square Headed for Delaware wit' one change of gear Nothin' on my mind but the dime sack we blazed wit' the glaze in my eye that we find when we crave dollars and cents- A fugitive with two attempts Jakes had no trace of the face, now they drew a print Though I'm innocent 'til proven guilty, I'ma try to get filthy, purchase a club and start up for realty  For real, G, I'ma fullfill my dream If I conceal my scheme, then precisely I'll build my C.R.E.A.M. The first trip without the clique Sent the bitch wit' the quarter brick, this is it Fresh face, NY plates, got a crooked eye for the Jakes I want it all, ArmorAll Benz and endless papes F' God sake, what a nigga got to do to make a half million without the FBI catchin' feelin's Street dreams are made of these Thugs drop Beemers wit' three-hundred E's A drug dealer's destiny is reachin' a ki Everybody's lookin' for somethin' Street dreams are made of these Shorties on they knees for playas wit' big cheese Who am I to disagree? Everybody's lookin' for somethin' From fat cat to papi, niggas see the cat twenty-five to flat, push a thousand feet back Holdin' gats wasn't making me fat, snitches on my back Livin wit' moms, gettin it on, flushin' crack down the toilet- Two sips from bein' alcoholic Nine-hundred-ninety-nine thou from bein' rich but now I'm all for it My man saw it like Dionne Warwick A wiser team for a wiser dream, we could all score it The cartel, Argentina coke with the nina Up in the hotel smokin' on sessamina Trina got the fishscale between her The way the bitch shook her ass, yo, the dogs never seen her She got me back livin' sweeter, fresh Caesar, Guess, David Robinson's, Walle' moccasins Bitches blow me while hoppin' in the drop-top B-M. "Word is bond, son, I had that bitch down on my shit like this." ("Uh. What? What? Word?") Street dreams are made of these Thugs drop Beemers wit' three-hundred E's A drug dealer's destiny is reachin' a ki Everybody's lookin' for somethin' Street dreams are made of these Shorties on they knees for playas wit' big cheese Who am I to disagree? Everybody's lookin' for somethin' Ill designer fleece, studded marquise, a letta L on my car keys- Thuggin' hard on Cavarse 'Posters be Franchesco and all these bets Mobile phones in the armrest, ladies be the bombest I creep tinted, parked the whip and grabbed the rented Seems like I'm changin' my location every minute like a plague is on my head, son- I vision red rum Warrent squads knockin' at the same time the Feds come Pandemonium got me puffin' Cambodian Grand openin's of barber shops and stock My jew-el rock, tokin' pronto- Livin' like a pablo Papi like a poncho until the state patrollers pulled us over found the guns and the good Had a nigga like 'Nas had to run through the woods' Sneakin' out the next mornin'- Looked up to God, guess in all this was a fuckin' warnin' Took my diamonds in for the pawnin' Now I'm back on the climbin' Movin' consigned through rain, sleet, whatever climate So many ups and downs shiftin', I was twisted minded 'Mazed on top, all the hoes and pussy had me blinded Big lip bitches, suckin' dick rediculous GS'es and vest-es, larger rays lookin' sentious Back on the block buggin', how the fuck I been through this? Nearly caused my life but now I can't show a cent from it. Street dreams are made of these Thugs drop Beemers wit' three-hundred E's A drug dealer's destiny is reachin' a ki Everybody's lookin' for somethin' Street dreams are made of these Shorties on they knees for playas wit' big cheese Who am I to disagree? Everybody's lookin' for somethin' [Noise and a gun shot] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Tales From the Hood 12" Song: Tales From the Hood Typed by: KRES1019@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Da ha Da ha ha ha ha ha Da ha ha ha Da ha ha ha ha ha [Verse 1] It was '87 Crack money was "Ghetto Heaven" Niggaz gettin' it Every block rise to perfection Green tops, boulders and bottles Soldiers who follow leaders You owed 'em dollars Know that tommorrow you might not see it Packs got knocked off by sprinklers that never worked All the way to the monkey bars, cross that line you got murked That's other niggaz territory had fiends in the cheese line They told them fiends calm down, ten dollars each dime They never scared of Po-Po, was only one patrol car They wasn't up for crack and I was up on the chin of Pa Watching hustlers with tinted cars, money makin' But one kid was into takin' Had dreadlocks wasn't Jamaican Fort green he laid First nigga I ever saw rockin' dreads with a fade Lead he sprayed on the corners in my hood Dodgin' and runnin' The glare in his eyes told you somethin' was commin' They went to war, Godbless Rita, got shot by mistake Niggaz got knocked by them Jakes Homicide suit and tie cops, Mayor Koch, screams in rage Niggaz so thugs got pits rocking thick chains Stick-up niggaz so thug they got pits with sick names Clicks got bigger, extortion cats wasn't hearin' it But he was regulatin' A ghetto king, now he levatatin' They say he smiled in his casket This ends the first chapter of another Nas classic [Chorus: repeat 2X] Tales from the hood, trails of blood But it's all good, try to stay alive like we all should [Verse 2] Yeah I'ma help you nigga, cause I see evil's callin' you Sick thoughts make you wanna take Ki's from other ballin' crews Top of the world's all he views A puff of weed, nothing but greed don't live by the rules Fuckin' wit' me here's what I do Try to sell your freedom I'm accustomed to You could ball wit' me or get arrested too It's easy to land where they dwell with the greasy hands Twenty to L' what's your plan take your grams You bought you a Lexus, BBS spendin' Abrahams Never learned your lesson, choose the right direction Thin line from life and death and my man checked in A motel, same one as a young G he know well Crossed 'em on a coke sell then went on a run But shorty got his old folks killed, yo he got 'em done Nobody to run to, what succumb to My nigga just wanted to eat, now he hunted on the street Tales from the hood, trails of blood Yeah it's all good, try to stay alive like we all should Tales from the hood, trails of blood Though it's all good, try to stay alive like we all should [Verse 3] Little Gotti got down for his, let off seven rounds The kid he hit is heaven bound if he's on the good list Shorty who shot 'em ran knowing niggaz would snitch Five years passed he ain't been in the hood since Shot this nigga over a hundred dollars, money, had borrowed Time passed, on his birthday he couldn't afford a bottle Least expected to see 'em, then he asked for his Nigga said he don't got it, so he blast the kid Escapes the scene, but he couldn't escape the dream Or how the kid fell when bullets made it too late to scream Seeing money's face starin' at him In black space feelin' hands touchin' him Wake up it got too much for him Once liked to be alone Until he started hearin' groans and seein' things Now it's time to go home Niggaz shocked to see him Gave him respect what he was missin' All the way from VA his aunt yell "He hate to listen" So he popped up, they gave him hugs, showed him love Then he was reminded of that night when he sprayed all them slugs He hangin' like nuttin' happened, police grabbed him up Now he seein' ghosts in the cell, they got him strapped up Psycho ward, rest of his life injected thorazine Haunted memories in his mind of the murder scene Tales from the hood, trails of blood The book of the dead, translated in thug language, understood? Tales from the hood, trails of blood The book of the dead, translated in thug language, you understood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ AZ, Biz Markie Album: Understanding (Promo VLS) Song: Understanding Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Biz] Yo this is funky - Ayo wussup fellas? [AZ] Wussup Biz and peace, how you? [Biz] Yea, I'm aiight, I'm aiight [AZ] Yea, yea, check it out I see today's mathematics as being understanding, you know? Understanding is having the ability to see things clearly for what they are not what they present theyself to be It completes the cipher, youknowwhatI'msaying? It's also about to the black child which is the best part Ayo, son, represent [Nas] Now I'm the average nigga in the street like God I try to beat trife art, ride my elite through the night fog and park It's Buddha 'til we spark, it's consistent The beast smells the el because it travels long distance Cruising in his Chrysler, perusing niggas in my ciphers Thoughts wilding like insane asylum on Rikers Island Verbal assassin, I murder freestyling One two for the gun crew, three drinking Cristal and I play the side 'cause the words of man kill Proverbs, buck out my grill, real as Ill Will, peep still Nobody move nobody die, why must be I high? Busting in trife bitches, touching mic switches It's like a hot spoon of heroin, a Dom like Perignon Females love the guns I be wearing Plant my seeds to live infinite, indeed in my sentences I pull demanding, that's understanding [Nas] 850 Tempo but rugged like a Pinto Chop shop hip-hop, burning block intro High priests release voodoo, dj vu and this taboo Illmatic shit and what have you Chef cocaine cook, no brain got the proper diction My competition bleeds words and weed blurs my vision I'm freezing in time, stops the rhyme I'm sober in stolen Range Rover much crime I, stick up America, Nas in your area Disrupt the sound barrier, clowns get pounds of terror A full whip for more clips then Clint has in his era Dirty Harry, cold black the uncanny, a Kojak A beretta sticking up trucks carrying amaretto Clever to entice 'em, herbs I'm micing while I'm pricing niggas like they're slaves, best behave I'm the nice one Nas; broke it down for Nasir, please protect your Pop Dukes, resurrection international hoes, I'm sexing Or you'll be fucking one section, question? Does a lonely mic give me an erection?, yes, son On a float like the jets of futuristic papamisitic Bust it, try and diss while my finger is on the iron and biscuit I rhyme terrific spark a land like the diamond district It's understanding The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: Vol. 02 (Unreleased Cuts) (12" Vinyl Single) Song: The Rise and Fall Typed by: DaSun Akbar Uh, yeah turn it up, check it out [Nas] The transition from a young fool Broke, still on his neck, he hung jewels Live his life in the ghetto where guns rule It was cool wasn't mad, I had to take out cabs Made my first LP afford an h-class, my face gassed '94 Sold out in every record store Local hood rats who wouldn't speak Now I'm who they're checking for Showing crazy love ran up on stage with 80 thugs After the shows, my niggas robbed the bar and wrecked the clubs Happy, no hating, more henny, more blunts circulating My single in rotation on every radio station Eyes popped when I drove my first ride on the block Summertime, block parties, cookouts, I spend my knot Truly niggas was fighting over who was closely to me Happy with the new representative of QB To hit the top first you have to gotta fall before you make it With for 4 minutes of your time, watch me demonstrate it (Chorus) Slick Rick & (Nas) Samples This was the rise and fall of my fast lane style  (From Nasty to Nas to Nas Escobar)  (Mega popular center of attraction) I was the main event on the TV for a while This was the rise and fall of my fast lane style  (From Nasty to Nas to Nas Escobar)  (Mega popular center of attraction) I was the main event on the TV for a while [Nas] Came alize in the winter some of us rise to great adventure I've brung New York back to real rap Venice New crib, diamond rings, killers on my team Infinites for my girl for giving birth to my queen 3G's worth of chronic and weed, promoters were mad I stopped doing shows to spend time in the street Loot the crime, eventually sold my shine Repo looking for my Lex, back then I wasn't buying You can guess niggas started saying "With all the success Why is your mom still in the project?" I answered them best Fuck out my face, pistol on my car four clip I read about Pablo Escobar and got on some shit So called mans supplied my chips, I was fronting Niggas thought I was risk and got mad 'cause they was pumping My assumption, niggas want me pumped in the casket Kept the gun the same three/fifth that a nigga got bagged with (Chorus) Slick Rick & (Nas) Samples [Nas] Caught a case now, I'm home staring off into space Flashbacks of all the jewelry, cars, crossing my face Rappers I met, hoes in video cassette No management, no more good life and no respect Hearing crowds roar, crystal pouring mixed drinks Haunted by the thoughts; the second year album sophomore jinx Where did I fell? Death threats, woke up in cold sweats Thinking about all these murders that know where I rest From hanging with crazy cliques that's known to take shit Bracelets, and all that beef now I'm involved, was paperless My cars were auctioned off, now I catch rides with kidnap niggas Who snatched babies off to get back figures, Lessons from heaven Every night I slept with my weapon to guard my family for a minute I forgot my profession, not from Columbia or Nicaragua Don't distribute coke from Antigua, that shipped out to Panama Pablo Escobar's bloody reign came to an end Far from my life; a kid who made his fame from a pen Hit the studio and change the game again Wrote down all the pain within, top of the charts Triple platinum, got the fake love back, money stacks, more plaques Have you seen who I was? Just to know where I was at Saw both sides of the game, all the ups and downs This goes out to the future rap kings coming up now (Chorus) Slick Rick & (Nas) Samples Artist: All-Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, www.whats-going-on.org [P. Diddy] What's Going On [Jermaine Dupri] Tell Me [P. Diddy] People Dying People Crying Lord help us [Bono] Mother, mother There's too many of you crying [Gwen Stefani] Oh, brother, brother, brother There's far too many of you dying [Jermaine Dupri] That's Right [Aaron Lewis] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Nona Gaye] Oh my father, father We don't need to escalate [Nick - Backstreet Boys] You see war is not the answer [Nona Gaye/Backstreet Boys] For only love can conquer hate [Christina Aguilera] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Britney Spears] Barricades, can't block our way [Destiny's Child] Don't punish me with brutality [Britney Spears] Talk to me [Destiny's Child] So you can see [Destiny's Child/Britney Spears: First Chorus] Oh what's going on What's going on Yeah what's going on Ahh what's going on [Ja Rule] What's going on in a world filled with pain Where's the love for which we pray What's going on When our children can't play Homeless can't eat There's got to be a better way What's going on When we politically blind Can't see the signs of endangered times What's going on [Nelly Furtado] Ah tell me What's going on in the world today I'd rather be dead Than turn my head away We gotta first world vision to complete, to lift our Hands in the air and cry for a switch [Michael Stipe] Father, father [P. Diddy] Father help us, come on [Michael Stipe] Everybody thinks we're wrong [Alicia Keys] Oh, but who are they to judge us Together we can all be strong [P. Diddy] United we stand, United we fall [J.C. - N'Sync] Oh you know we've got to find a way [Mary J. Blige] To bring some understanding here today [Justin - N'Sync] Barricades can't block our way Don't punish me with brutality Baby talk to me So you can see [Second chorus] Yeah, what's going on Hey, what's going on Somebody tell me what's going on Somebody tell me what's goin' on-uh [Nelly] What's going on 'cross seas Every minute a child dies by this disease In record numbers indeed Got momma's crying out please My baby hold on My child ain't done nothing wrong Still I want to holler Ask them why they don't bother Oh no, oh no Make me turn to my father And ask him why they all got a trapped soul [Nas] I can feel what was bothering Marvin Why his words forever remain Dealing with these modern day problems 'Cause of ignorance surrounding me and my constituents Too many infected Too many lives diminishing Nobody say Protestants, Jews, Blacks, and Whites, Latinos and Asians Pray together Let's fight We better unite As genocide chemical war And the rich and the poor Know that God delivers a cure [Eve] It's a shame our reality is devastating People praying for a cure Dying while they're waiting Ask the Lord for the comfort and strength to face it All the kids with dreams Won't get the chance to chase it Makes me sad Think about the lives they would've had Think about the orphan babies got no moms and dads How can we sit back and not try to make it right We gotta come together We gotta fight for life [Fred Durst] Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) We got human beings using humans for a bomb But everybody wanna live Don't nobody really want to die You feeling me right I can't be watching people die And watching people cry Let me break it down for a minute If there's enough room here for you and for me There's plenty of room for some humanity Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Artist: All-Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On (J. Dupri RnB Remix) Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com, www.whats-going-on.org [P. Diddy] What's Going On [Jermaine Dupri] Tell Me P Diddy (Jermaine Dupri): People Dying (Yeah) People Crying (Uh-huh) Lord help us (C'mon) [Bono] Mother, mother There's too many of you crying [Gwen Stefani] Oh, brother, brother, brother There's far too many of you dying [Jermaine Dupri] That's Right [Aaron Lewis] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Nona Gaye] Oh my father, father We don't need to escalate [Backstreet Boys] You see war is not the answer [Nona Gaye/Backstreet Boys] For only love can conquer hate [Christina Aguilera] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Britney Spears] Barricades, can't block our way [J-Lo] Don't punish me with brutality [Destiny's Child] Talk to me So you can see [Destiny's Child/Britney Spears] (First Chorus) Oh what's going on What's going on Yeah what's going on Ahh what's going on [Ja Rule] What's going on in a world filled with pain Where's the love for which we pray What's going on When our children can't play Homeless can't eat There's got to be a better way What's going on When we politically blind Can't see the signs of endangered times What's going on [Nelly Furtado] Ah ah tell me What's goin' on in the world today. I'd rather be dead than to turn my head away We got this first world vision too Comfy to lift up our hands in the air And cry for a switch [Michael Stipe] Father, father [P. Diddy] Father help us, come on [Michael Stipe] Everybody thinks we're wrong [Alicia Keys] Oh, but who are they to judge us Together we can all be strong [P. Diddy] United we stand, Divided we fall [N'Sync] Oh you know we've got to find a way [Mary J. Blige] To bring some understanding here today [N'Sync] Barricades can't block our way [Darren Hayes] Don't punish me with brutality [N'Sync] Baby talk to me So you can see (Second chorus) Yeah, what's going on Hey, what's going on Somebody tell me what's going on I'll tell you what's goin' on-uh [Nelly] What's going on 'cross seas Every minute a child dies by this disease In record numbers indeed Got momma's crying out please My baby hold on My child ain't done nothing wrong Still I want to holler Ask them why they don't bother Oh no, oh no Make me turn to my father And ask him why they all got a trapped soul [Nas] I can feel what was bothering Marvin Why his words forever remain Dealing with these modern day problems 'Cause of ignorance surrounding me and my constituents Too many infected Too many lives diminishing Nobody say Protestants, Jews, Blacks, and Whites, Latinos and Asians Pray together Less fight We better unite As genocide chemical war And the rich and the poor Know that God delivers a cure [Eve] It's a shame our reality is devastating People praying for a cure Dying while they're waiting Ask the Lord for the comfort and strength to face it All the kids with dreams Won't get the chance to chase it Makes me sad Think about the lives they would've had Think about the orphan babies got no moms and dads How can we sit back and not try to make it right We gotta come together We gotta fight for life [Lil' Kim] Uh uh uh uh See I come from the streets A world with racism and poverty It's hard to make peace Little girl with big dreams You don't have to settle We gone get out the ghetto We fight but still things ain't right Too many dying Lord knows I keep trying You don't know the pain I feel I miss you B.I.G. Let's find a cure for A.I.D.S Oh Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas, MC Shan, Raheem (Furious Five), Doctor Ice & Kangol (UTFO), Kool Moe Dee    Sha Rock (Funky Four + 1), Tito (Fearless Four), Grandmaster Caz    Linque (Isis From X-Clan), Dana Dane, Pebblee Poo & Just Ice Album: Where Are They Now (80's Remix) 12" Song: Where Are They Now (80's Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Sample of the late James Brown's "Get Up, Get Into it, Get involved"] ("GET INVOLVED!!!" GET INVOLVED!!!" GET INVOLVED!!!" GET INVOLVED!!!"- Bobby Byrd} [Intro: Nas] Hold up, hold up, hold up man, this is Nas, hip hop still dead 1980's, I need all my pioneers to set it off on this one right here I asked where they are, here they are [Verse 1: MC Shan] (Nas) Hip Hop when niggas knew the art of war (Shan!!!) Rough rhymes that's what gave the hard the core Now it's all good best friends became gladiators Matter fact you blow more steam than hot gladiators Some niggas is ghost written but I ain't hatin (80's!!!) Cause I still spit fire like the Son of Satan Shan motherfucker and I'm Queensbridge bred Check Myspace (Queens!!!) Forever will they bare my face [Verse 2: Raheem from The Furious Five] (Nas) Who said lightnin can't strike in the same place twice Trailblaze the game, made for life stayed nice Yeah you made the Top 50, don't mention my name (Here they are!!!) I had you open before crack, cocaine grow-in Before The Fever, before +Missy's+ first +Misdemeanor+ Before Run's, first pair of Adidas, got heaters And I pop pop, pop, pop, heaters Stop dealers, on my block was the first hot wheeler [Verse 3: Doctor Ice from UTFO] (Nas) You never knew (1980's y'all!!!) Somethin so butter could come from the gutter I'm, Doctor Ice the diamond the cutter Like, Jacob The Jeweler and Rick is The Ruler (UTFO!!!) Boogie Down Kris is The Teacher but Doc run the schoolin Y'all got y'all, sneakers and beepers, your dutches and reefas We got our, eight tracks and sneakers, our hookers and reefers My work is, never in vain, born to insert So even when I'm buried, I'm still the diamond in the dirt, let's work [Verse 4: Kangol from UTFO] (Nas) (*Ladies Screaming Kangol's name) (*Go Kangol!!) Yeah what's up fam? My chick for twenty years tried to cut your man She tried to take the house, the kids, the pots and pans I'm on to project Plan B, nigga fuck Roxanne!!! (Get focused y'all!!!) Tried to take the pot I piss in, now the chick outta my system The whooped niggas need to listen listen listen listen Cock aim fire don't you miss 'em miss 'em miss 'em And every chance you get you diss 'em diss 'em diss 'em diss 'em [Chorus: Nas] HEY!! Where are, where they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhh HEY!) (*Aww man, make me feel like I'm back in the days with my cassette player, tape in the radio y'all!!!*) (Where are they now?) (*Your man Nas, I asked y'all where they at? The pioneers I got love for them man that's why I'm doin this) (*I got love for them man, so here they are two thousand and seven, yeah) (HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?) [Verse 5: Kool Moe Dee] (Nas) Where am I? On high with a pen Blessed manifest rhyme god transcend (Pay attention y'all) You call him God's Son, I call him God sent First the God sent me, then the God Rakim How can Nas not win when the God sent him To resurrect true rhyme God kingdom You should say amen when you see me When you pray I'm him then you believe me [Verse 6: Sha Rock from Funky Four +1] (Nas) Yeah! Sha ready to rise, ready to blaze somethin Mother of the mic so I'm here to claim somethin I got the munchies for the vultures that crushed the culture Yo Nas brought us back on this track so bring it back (They don't stop y'all!) From dusk to dawn equip the mic on my palm I bring the love so you can get it on Got the books on lock, mother of hip hop For realla, come under from some of you niggas [Verse 7: Tito from Fearless Four] (Nas) You cats is foul frontin like you hard as a rock When these brothers were the buildin blocks, that made you turn up the box Doug E. Fresh and The Get Fresh Crew, To Markie D and Cool Rock (Know your history y'all!!!) Rest in peace to the Human Beat Box (Know your history!) Like when I first heard Jay, Darryl and Joe, saw a UTFO I knew right then and there I wanna blow There need to be a museum where everybody could see 'em Said everybody take some pedium, and get respect [Verse 8: Grandmaster Caz from The Cold Crush Brothers] You got another thing comin if you think me and my man ain't sellin Got more gold than Mr. Drum and we sellin Through Welcome To The Terrordome, niggas are ever wrong That's why you get no ends, but just in case you got a death wish, for flare for the dramatics There's some static in the attic {?} hid it looking at it I'm a 'matic, nice to the fifth power son and I'm still at it I was about to flip power son 'til I saw a vision, Caz!!! [Chorus: Nas] HEY!! Where are, where they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhh HEY!) (*Grandmaster Caz, y'all know what this is do y'all know what this means!!!*) (*The fact, that each brother got on this track, the fact, that each sister got on this track*) (Where are they now?) (*To rap, took time out of there schedule, when y'all ain't even got no love*) (*But they still givin y'all love, that's hip hop y'all*) (HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?) (*Give it up to the OG's the original gangstas of Rap, yeah*) [Verse 9: Linque AKA Isis from X-Clan] Nas you had to ask Linque, where you been? Rippin on the mics with the devilish grin Sort of like a tack cause I stay under they skin Cause when I open up my mouth I blow them chicks to the wind Don't get besides yourself like you Siamese twins ("This is protected!" - Professor X) Still got the pen to make the ?message of sin? ("By the red, the black") You bring it back I do it over again ("and the green") Exposin those who pretend, stay on my grind 'til the end [Verse 10: Dana Dane] (Nas) First there was a tree and a MC grew and became (Brooklyn!) Another rapper born in Queens, 9/6 the b-day Moms moved and born {?}, dad hit the freeway My young life was screenplay, better yet a clich (I can't believe it!) To rap in the eight-tay, no lenses in the east-say? They say we were a fad but fad don't add reggae We played by the D-Day, eveyday, Eve's day Capital D-A-N-E and hip hop, must be in it [Verse 11: Pebblee Poo from Def Committee] (Nas) C'mon! Well I'm the ?wa-say-why? with the with the same crew First name Pebblee, last name Poo (Oh!) Gina Parks? says a {?} I'm a leader, theiver, greeter Last mark the game like Run and them Adidas (Do the history ya'll!!!) I'm a real estate investor but, I still blessed her Microphone teacher outta Alpha Four ?"Beavers? Hold on I get deeper, dope b-boy speaker Practice what I preach-a, DAMN I'm a keepr, huh [Verse 12: Just Ice] (Nas) Just the mic and make 'em stand up [RAW!] Lyrics are legendary status so get ya hands up Clap to the freestyle (Just Ice!) dance, but in the meanwhile Cool calm collected, smooth that's how I get down Then at the stage, hold 'em up like a twelve gauge Page after page, all you see is a pure rage! So pass the gat, grab ?taps? for the beat Just Ice signing off [Whaaat?!] Yo I'm out y'all, PEACE!!!!! [Outro: Nas] Yo that's incredible man play that again!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas, Redhead Kingpin, Rob Base, The Original Spinderella, Father MC, Monie Love    Mike D (The Jungle Brothers), EST (Three Times Dope), Positive K    Krazy Drazy (Das EFX), Do It All (Lords Of The Underground)    Chip-Fu (Fu Schnickens) & Dres (Black Sheep) Album: Where Are They Now (90's Remix) 12" Song: Where Are They Now (90's Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Nas] (Redhead Kingpin) Aiyyo check it out y'all this is Nas, y'all know what I do to the business (Yeah! Uh!!!) I bring back the business (Nas you my dude for this B) Awww man y'all ain't ready (Straight check it) Here they are the remix, let's go [Verse 1: Redhead Kingpin] It's Kingpin plus two I'm on the guestlist fam But if this dude ain't like thirty he don't know who I am Boo boo my name, monetary gain is better than fame But let's face it without the spotlight you thinkin Red is Eddie Kane If I was drugs then I used to be a key Now I'm a couple ounce, on the come up hustle me Yeah, and hip hop man ain't no 401K I got my MPC I'll see you one day [Verse 2: Rob Base] ("Hit it!") I'm still here, still flippin flows Still rippin shows, Rob Base let me get ill yo! It's the O.G., (who?) R to the O-B B to the A-S-E, reppin N.Y.C. I toured the country, since I dropped my first CD (what?) "It Takes Two", remember me? If you don't it's the one that hit you with the WHOO YEAH Used to make it so hot, you couldn't breathe the air [Verse 3: The Original Spinderella] Ain't but too much for you to sweller Hard body, fuckin wit a Coke bottle model Auburn, full back and observe while I BLAP BLAP to your nerves, uh! (OH!) I'm that Original, S-P twelve hunnid Anything y'all will do, Spin dunn done it The baguettes, the Prada stilet's On the turntables, call me Gillette [Verse 4: Father MC] Yo! First of all big up to Nas the killer rip spitter The Q.B. hitter called this Far Rock nigga Yeah I'm drippin heavy from my head to my feet From the bars that I spit to my name on her cheeks Catch me on the mixtape, Bentley with the Queen draped Pilot on deck G5 when I gotta skate Let you know when I'm out on the dough that shows I'm sellin them My LP's drugs nigga be like runnin listen [Chorus: Nas] (HEY!! Where are, where they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhh HEY!) (*Awww man can you believe it it's like a holiday man) (*It's like Nas bringin a rap holiday man, ha ha ha, yeah) (Where are they now?) (HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?) (*Here they are , two thousand and seven they right here, yeah, they right here) [Verse 5: Monie Love] One baby drop two to the three Is she out for the count UK mic deceased? You never heard again from words not the least I checked first set net worth mic relief Remain calm more vowels spit battles And associate the kid when they hustlin up the cattle I don't care to give when they ride like a saddle Hip Hop crowd well in doubt where are you now? [Verse 6: Mike G. from The Jungle Brothers] It's the Jungle Brothers +housin+ with that fiiiiiive thousand Blowin up your project housin, Baby Bam Lee just bouncin Make me wanna crack a 40 ounce and, and straight get LOUD and Chase her blouse and, turn her out cause I know we rockin party it's all about Aiyyo cool calm collected and my name is Mike G. And I'm reppin for Nas and my crew the J Beez! [Verse 7: EST from 3XDope] Eight bars, ten stars, fuck five mics! I'm +The Source+ and the boss, show you what it's like to play bad mitten at the top of your position Wit a whole lotta niggas wouldn't play but it's written I'm the first to murk, chea! Representin Philly boy the same kid that spit this wrote ?Baby Gram? Nicholas one son the +Greatest Man+ livin True school be like e'ryday thanksgiving [Verse 8: Positive K] Pos. K! Uh, uh, still spits this summer Came up like I hit the number, yeah y'all know me! I'm not a stranger to y'all in the orgies Squeeze ya dick up in ya in the ear as if ya for me I'm more "primetime" than Maury Plus I took ya to the "Bridge" like James Brown and Nas applaud me My rhymes is suppository, it feels shit Top {?} watch Nemo then they watch the stories [Chorus: Nas] (HEY!! Where are, where they nooooooow, huuuhhhhhooohhh HEY!) (*Yeah did you hear your favorite yet?) (*I know some of y'all buggin out, did you hear the dudes y'all used to like? the crazyness?) (Where are they now?) (HEY! Hit me! Where are they nooooooow?) (*The Original Spinderella, all that, awww man, I can't believe it yo, don't go nowhere) (*I got more!!! I got more!!!) [Verse 9: Krazy Drazy from Das EFX] Miggity +microphone check+, "Where Are they Now" Nas remix Feel how real Hip Hop needs this Wish B.I.G, Pun, and Pac could see this Diggity Das-EFX piggity pioneers in this Made his kids just reminded y'all Throwback go back to the nineties y'all Look it up, hook it up, get the catalog We your favorite rappers, rappers, rappin dog [Verse 10: Mr. Do It All from Lords Of The Underground] Yeah I go Nas, Lord Do It All Me and you got something in common through Marley Marl Burst in the bricks, talked to buyin ?leather? Golden aged flows, you sound undiscovered I do this with a passion, spray-paint tag in Hip Hop's alive, and I'm the breathing dragon On the stage whylin, jumpin and laughin It's Lords of the Underground and that's if you're askin! [Verse 11: Chip Fu from The Fu-Schickens] Yo! I strip the booth anytime my lips move And it spews, my screws and they loose, I'm a move and it's proof Now give me two minutes I'm still wicked and still kickin it With skills built and hot {?} you can't step in my shoes YO!! When I'm in the mood, when I'm in the booth and whenever when you I spit phantom in a boost you better just prepare to make room! Nas give me eight bars, eight stars Escobar Yo we rule, and we still ain't got nothin to prove, yo! [Verse 12: Dres from Black Sheep] For the second I'm wreckin I got you double-checkin For me to flash your big chain wheeler, shiny weapon, step in and holla I gotta hit the kids that shit Hip Hop The wack gets spit lot, the man bullshit stop Yo they call lot and I accept the invitation But I not try and snitch upon my ?inclamation? On the real God, I'm good, a brother been in mediation and my mind has been kenotic, kill the pres led a netion, Dres [Outro: Nas] Aiyyo Chi Ali hold ya head up in the peniles This your man Nas, here they are Unbelievable , Hip Hop is Dead Let's see what happens aight!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Breeze, Candyman, Conscious Daughters, Ice-T, KAM, King Tee, Sir Mix-A-Lot, Threat Album: Where Are They Now? (Remix CD) Song: Where Are They Now? (West Coast Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro] This is the Court DJ Exclusive.... [Nas]  Aiyyo, check it out This is Nas, is Hip-Hop dead or is it still alive? Ha ha ha, well, check it out Right about, I'm ridin' with my homies from the West Side West Coast ------> Showin' love West Coast ------> I asked where are they now? West Coast ------> 2007, they right here, here, here Where are they now? -----> KAM [Breeze]   Yo, it's time to rhyme, keep it in mind I'm gifted, with the script, the dough, the lift And if it's, rough enough to keep the crowd  Wonderin' Breeze and L.A. Posse, Where Are They Now? Still layin' in the land of the Palm Trees Warm breeze, sippin' on Don Pees, still chillin' with King TEE Snore on MCin, pass the CVs creen Gettin' money of the words I spit, yo, Still Gee-in'  Still the young somber, now, a nigga got a baby girl Tryin' to raise her right and guide her through this crazy world Still got a slow flow, and fast rap snow Swervin' twenty years, still gettin' asked about cheques Still, spittin' the truth, when I mention the youth On how they be professional, when they step in the booth And never coppin' the Mic, so you can hear me clear Nas wondered, yo, where are they now? I'm right here G [KAM]  Goddamn, that nigga KAM back on the scene With the O.G. west, on the same team Hittin' corners in a Six Trey Choverlet Rag-Top Impala, gettin' Dollars everyday For pushin' heavy Yay, through this Rap Shit Fuckin' with niggaz I done put L.A. on the Map wit So that the Legacy'll last long We're givin' it up, for all the homies that done passed on And can you check Bobcat file He can tell you who we are, what we did and where we at now This bullshit, nigga's tired of that Fools runnin' their mouths, so Where the South side riders at? [Chorus: Breeze, KAM, Nas, King TEE]  Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about this South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast yeah, Nas's ridin' with you right here The Who? West Coast [King TEE]  Aiy, aiy, watch your resurrect from the jump House shoes, Khaki suit, wild gauge pump Black Raider hat with Bitch Please on the side Central and Green leaf, Nineteen Eighty nine  Just in time, King TEE pushed the line The G's had to have it, Eazy and 'Dre have it I was a damn fool, now dudes wanna act it Where Are They Now? - he's still active We go back like the Jerry Curl Shag We pull this from the Gate, Battle cat was from the Aves I was in that green 64 with the Rag Pull back, and slow motion, Tila show's openin' They're lookin' for that West Coast Torjan Thought to be an X-ed out but I'm just postin' Blessed to be the best, that cracked the West Coast open King Tila back mothafucker, it's a rap [The Candyman]  Ugh, Ugh, The CA- to the N-D-Y-The-M-A-N I still nut in your mouth, not in your hand I love to hear the story, again and again But it originated from this man, The Candyman Damn, it feels good to hear my West Coast pears Makes me wanna shed a tear for the ones who ain't hear I was just a young player in this Westside streets Motivated to be innovator like Ice-T King TEE, Toddy TEE, R.I.P. that Mix-Master-Spade MC Trouble, Lootie, Part DEE And it's a trip to witness trap Rack Brought up on that first album cover with Eazy-E doin' that shit wayback Hell yeah, we need a new West, Dirty South respects I remember doin' shows out there They never tripped of the West Side Spendin' all their chips at the best buyin' Givin' like they just don't care [Deadly Threat]  No more snakes can get away Dumpin' with them funky rhymes Yet, that's MC Deadly Bet, they play them on the Radio all the time I love my folks, I love my G's They can't kill Cali' - they love my weed West Coast done it, East Coast did it Then the South came with it like let's go get it Threat, go and spit it like the ones before The Battle Grammy came and took all the glory I got an Army like Uncle James, K-Dee, AY pumped the jam Bobcat, Battle Cat and DJ Pooh, L.A. - S.C. but we say Zoo It's still never rained or snowed in Cali' We're gettin' blunted in the back of the boilin' Alley, like.. [Chorus: Breeze, KAM] Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? Where are they Now? [Ice-T] This is it, dope from the fly kid Ice Berg bang for the West, servin' the life bid West Side nigga, for life, Ride-Or-Die I get so Gangster, I stay so fly Saggin' my Khakis, raggin' my flag Nigga break out the gun, bitch, let's play tag Everyday in the street, some body called be Cube I tell him that's my loved one, but this Ice-T, dude I come from that Crenshaw stripped, you heard? Sway cripped up chrome when the 64 lift up It's hard to rock a party, L.A. don't like nobody Nigga's rather pump the trucks and dump shotie  [Sir Mix-A-Lot] I'ma show my nigga Nas, what I got in my garage Yeah, I'ma publishin' this large What a Fountains in my yard The Posse left Broadway to get them on the glass I got class, but still I like the fat ass Mix-A-Lot sheenin' with this S-Class gleamin' Aggressive Pimp leanin, marked the game like the Demon From Tvs to Movies, Hollywood use my shit Seven figure years keep comin, who's your pimp? F4-30 with this black battle shifters That's made of out bliffter, I'm still takin' pictures And I'm lovin' all you sisters, Mix'll never disrespect you West Side vet, you need your paper, I'll connect you [Chorus: The Conscious Daughters, King TEE] Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? West Coast ----> Everybody is talkin' about the South and the East Coast But what about the West Coast? The who? [The Conscious Daughters]  The West Coast It's the rhyme spittin' team You never hittin, the legendary, all time great phenomenon female, monarch, hittin' charts Flowin' automatic nines, spittin' shoe like darts Blowin' bitches apart It's The Conscious Daughters, still stompin' over soil Holler at your folks, the females that's royal  Bay Area, OG's, still gettin' cheese  Like besidin' all the block with 'Pac and Eazy-E (*echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas Album: The World is Yours 12" Song: The World is Yours (Original Remix) Typed by: kres1019@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist "Who's world is this?" 2x [Verse 1].....la la la, la la la I sip the Dom P, watchin Gandhi til I'm charged Writin in my book of rhymes, all the words pass the margin To hold the mic I'm throbbin, mechanical movement Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe The mind activation, react like I'm facin time like 'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets Air the Nikes on my feet, keep my cypher, complete Whether crusin in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep I can't call it, beats make me fallin asleep I keep fallin, but never fallin six feet deep I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money) I'm out for presidents to represent me (Take money) I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me "Whose world is this?" The world is yours Disciple of the projects slash verbal murderer "Whose world is this?" Yeah the world is yours To the philly bluntheads, crackpumping drug murderers "Whose world is this?" The world is yours To my niggaz coming home from lockdown with new plans "Whose world is this?" @%*#, the world is mine Holdin' a stolen cop's glock with G-notes in my hand "Whose world is this?" [Verse 2] To my man Ill Will, God bless your life To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life My insight enlights vision Words of wisdom, niggaz pay me intuition To listen, to murder paragraphs of mysticism Man plant seeds that brings forth multiple breeds So many cultures in one planet but one culture's free Son, I need weed to proceed Change the flow speed and I'm getting vexed Guiliani and six six six There's no days for broke days selling smoke pays I toke the chocolate, potent phillies never roach spray Shit is a hassel, the bridge is like a haunted castle The mic's my religion, the system is the Devil's lassle Hey yo, the trife life is the most influential The colors on mens skins and pens is coincidental How ya livin'? Large or broke uh You're wasting time extortin papers from smokers Cacthing court papers getting broker The world is mine Persona of late Tony Montana yet gettin' mine "Whose world is this?" The whole world is mine Who want it, I never front it, I'm forever blunted, gettin' lye "Whose world is this?" Ante up with the lye (La la la) Never stop, we don't stop (La la la) The hennylo, puff a lye y'all (La la la) Don't stop the hennylo (La la la) Who puff the lye? (La la la) Everyday, puff the lye plus the hennylo (La la la) [Verse 3] I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down singlehanded For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside in a thousand miles from home I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip Picturin my peeps, now the income make my heartbeat skip And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs Headed for Indiana stabbin bitches like the Phantom The crew is lampin Ill Will style Check the gold toothed smile, plus I profile wild Stash through the fly clothes, burnin dollars to light my stove Walk the blocks wit a bop, checkin dames plus the games people play, I check the dames plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today "Who's world is this?" 5x (until end) "La la la, la la la, la la la la la" (Outro) Yeah yeah, yeah Wizard, keep that lye in the air Yo, I wanna give a shout out to the whole fuckin' Queens My man Tipster on the boards, keepin' it real Lord The Queensbridge nation, get it on Fakin' no fuckin' jacks, fuck around and get your wig pushed back And big shout out to my man Killa, ???? is on you L.E.S. on another murder quest, '94 and we out Keep the lye in the air, Hennessy everywhere Keep the la la goin'... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ J. Phoenix, Nas Album: Better Dayz (Disc One) Song: Thugz Mansion - Nas Acoustic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Shit, tired of gettin shot at Tired of gettin chased by the police and arrested Niggaz need a spot where WE can kick it A spot where WE belong, that's just for us Niggaz ain't gotta get all dressed up and be Hollywood Y'knahmean? Where do niggaz go when we die? Ain't no heaven for a thug nigga That's why we go to thug mansion That's the only place where thugs get in free and you gotta be a G ... at thug mansion [Verse One: 2Pac] A place to spend my quiet nights, time to unwind So much pressure in this life of mine, I cry at times I once contemplated suicide, and woulda tried But when I held that 9, all I could see was my momma's eyes No one knows my struggle, they only see the trouble Not knowin it's hard to carry on when no one loves you Picture me inside the misery of poverty No man alive has ever witnessed struggles I survived Prayin hard for better days, promise to hold on Me and my dawgs ain't have a choice but to roll on We found a family spot to kick it Where we can drink liquor and no one bickers over trick shit A spot where we can smoke in peace, and even though we G's We still visualize places, that we can roll in peace And in my mind's eye I see this place, the players go in fast I got a spot for us all, so we can ball, at thug's mansion [Chorus: J. Phoenix] + (Nas) Every corner, every city There's a place where life's a little busy Little Hennessy, laid back and cool Every hour, cause it's all good Leave all the stress from the world outside Every wrong done will be alright (I wanna go) Nothin but peace (I wanna go) love (I wanna go nigga) And street passion, every ghetto needs a thug mansion [Verse Two: Nas] A place where death doesn't reside, just thugs who collide Not to start beef but spark trees, no cops rollin by No policemen, no homicide, no chalk on the streets No reason, for nobody's momma to cry See I'm a good guy, I'm tryin to stick around for my daughter But if I should die, I know all of my albums support her This whole year's been crazy, asked the Holy Spirit to save me Only difference from me and Ossie Davis, gray hair maybe Cause I feel like my eyes saw too much sufferin I'm just twenty-some-odd years, I done lost my mother And I cried tears of joy, I know she smiles on her boy I dream of you more, my love goes to Afeni Shakur Cause like Ann Jones, she raised a ghetto king in a war And just for that alone she shouldn't feel no pain no more Cause one day we'll all be together, sippin heavnly champagne What angels saw, with golden wings in thug's mansion [Chorus] w/o Nas [Verse Three: 2Pac] Dear momma don't cry, your baby boy's doin good Tell the homies I'm in heaven and they ain't got hoods Seen a show with Marvin Gaye last night, it had me shook Drippin peppermint Schnapps, with Jackie Wilson, and Sam Cooke Then some lady named Billie Holiday Sang sittin there kickin it with Malcolm, 'til the day came Little LaTasha sho' grown Tell the lady in the liquor that she's forgiven, so come home Maybe in time you'll understand only God can save us When Miles Davis cuttin lose with the band Just think of all the people that you knew in the past that passed on, they in heaven, found peace at last Picture a place that they exist, together There has to be a place better than this, in heaven So right before I sleep, dear God, what I'm askin Remember this face, save me a place, in thug's mansion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3LW f/ Nas Album: No More 12" Song: No More (Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Nas] Everyday she walk by See me on the same block Same crew, like she never seen rocks Chain watch, rims blue Different color boots on, park Yukon You predicates ex-cons, rip arms, bettin' chips Puff medicine play my gangsta beats Tunnel bangers, Flex, Clue tapes bang in the streets I'm just a fly, thuggish baller shorty anxious to meet Till I die keep wanting to head mink to the feet But shorty jail bait, might get me five to life Maybe in time you can be Nas's wife Place school, study law I'mma pay your tuition Come on campus, buy you books Do your babysitting My unusual style make your future unwild When you get older I'mma bless you with a child See now you was unaware that this thug had affection Let me be your angel and I'll be your protection 1 - [3LW]  It's either you will  Either you won't  Sometimes you do  Sometimes you don't  Sometimes it's yes  Other times it's no  But I can't take it no more  Take your wrong and make it right  Just say you can make up your mind  Is it serious or isn't it?  Cause I can't take it no more Make 'em clap to this... Baby, baby you keep Putting things before me But I was there for you when you had nothing So baby, baby Basically it's them or me Now or never Give me all or nothing Repeat 1 Make 'em clap to this... Baby, baby You keep telling me you're changing You promise you will be a better man But no soon as you see your peeps There you go switching out on me And we're back at square one again [Nas] Don 3, can't get with me Y'all just a child-child Maybe I can get you with little Sammie and Bow Wow Please girls try to understand me now-now Like my little sisters I'mma hold you down-down Got the whole world in your hands Three little woman got these young boys tryna be their man Do your thing shorty but if they get disrespectful Get on your cell phone call big brother Esco Now let's go [3LW] Cause all this back and forth In and out, ups and downs Is beginning to wear me out See you gotta tell me now Tell me now Don't wait till the end It's either me or your friends Yeah, yeah, yeah [Trackmasters] Remix, Trackmasters, Remix Remix, Precision, Remix We about to make ya clap to this Remix, uh Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Nas, Nature Album: Guess Who's Back? Song: Too Hot Typed by: BombSkeezer@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: DJ scratching] "Niggas bit off Nas shit" - Ghostface Killah "Admit it, you bit it" - G. Dep "Niggas bit off Nas shit, niggas, niggas, bit off, Nas shit" - Ghostface Killah "Admit if, you bit it, bit it" - G. Dep (Repeat) [Verse 1 - 50 Cent] You can be a ridah and ride, or a coward and hide Either way you go against me, you still gon die I got four macs, a few nines, I'm ready for beef You wanna talk, it ain't about money, then let it be brief I need a drop for when it's a hot, a hummer for when it's cold An ill attorney's in my corner when these fake niggas fold The shit I kick fuck with niggas mentally, makes them wanna mention me And see me doing a quarter century in the penitentiary Nastradamus predicted 50's the future, that's a fact money I run up on your workers with the mac, like where that pack money I'm a tell ya'll what Papi told me I got what you need, 19,5 a key I stay catching a stunt, frontin' in somethin' mean And I'll clap any nigga for the right amount of cream Run up on them all with the same problem solver Beat up ass, tape on the handle, trey eight revolver. What! Projects too hot, niggas better hope we never hit rock Cause then we gonna run up in your spot Screamin' get the fuck on the floor, give us the Ro' (Repeat) [Verse 2 - Nature] Aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo I'm like Sugar Shane Mosley, it ain't no beef You're staring, a ticket holder that sits in row three Next to Ron Artest and Kobe Yo I woulda went pro too, then I let them phillies slow me I'm like a black man's asthma, seeking a pump Breathin' deeper when I'm creeping up Ya'll need to fuck with the tightest, I stick niggas Ensevilitus, leavin' whole families in silence My virus is obvious, past on to most rap fiends Un cured, ain't no vaccine Last seen at the automatic teller machine, maxing out Or in the studio booth, blacking out It's Con Ed style, real twisted, I disappear on some Blair Witch shit Comin' back I'm rich kid Either or, you can't stop me with my feet in the door Or walk away from the street or the morgue, play your part nigga. [Chorus - Last line cut off] "Niggas bit off Nas" - Ghostface Killah "Admit it, you bit it" - G. Dep "Tell these niggas somethin' God" - Ghostface Killah [Verse 3 - Nas] What, yo I disturb niggas and white boys, with five pointed stars Tatted on they arms, pimp your moms, like I'm Magic Don Juan From Queens to Hong Kong, weed in the bong We smoke that, leave our minks on the coat rack Those that plot on me, nine times outta ten the nine is on me Feds search the God, but nothin' they find on me When I rap don't wait to clap applaud sooner Unless you hate a nigga like George Bush Jr., I bring awkward to you Porsche maneuvers thru the city like New York sewers Stinkin' up the air, Central Park, horse manure Rims is 22 inches, Benz suspensions 22 inch dick when I'm pimpin' Impotent you niggas get me sick, wanna be soundin' like You knowin' my arithmetic, but we don't sound alike 50 Cent with Braveheart-ed, we ride to the grave depart us You fake niggas imitate what I started, let's go [Intro - Once] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Bravehearts, Nas Album: Guess Who's Back? Song: Who U Rep Wit Typed by: BombSkeezer@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1 - Nas] Hats off, to da rich ones who flash and floss Pour some liquors out to my dogs trapped up north Reminisce on the deceased who no longer exist Only wishin' we could bring them back with songs like dis Old flicks on us chillin' wit da old time click Holdin' nines, thoughts of death, not our lives we risk How it use to be, early morn, pumpin' in shifts Jakes wit pale faces in the night is the scariest They handcuff me, they knew my government and alias Various calls were made up for awarin' us The D's in the marked vans and cabs In our land, hoodrats get stapped by niggas who forty Turnin' out young lady's and make them make thoughties Got them coked out, the hood is bugged out Thug babies, famous in they strollers Before they walk they knew the hood talk It's in the air of New York So everybody'll pick em up, kissin em up Treatin' them like they own, in dis hood we call home Fist fight till we grown and these guns come out Circle of life, it's kinda deep how we end out. Yo them niggas that wanted beef before Don't want no beef no mo Now that they know who I rep with QB NIGGA!!! Who I rep with QB NIGGA!!! (repeat) [Verse 2 - 50 Cent] Ya'll niggas better sober up before ya'll speak to me, don't come at me high Last rapper that raised his voice to me, got japped in da eye Now if I say I'm gone get you, I'ma get ya On da strength of da inf, from long range I can hit ya You find out them niggas who wit ya ain't even wit ya After da gem stars split ya, you need an MD to stitch ya Peep how I use words to paint pictures Peep how I got niggas with bodies askin' me for ten cents to got hit ya Look my name up in the law book, Curtis Jackson Known for creatin' action, by rapidly clappin' Nigga I stay strapped, so much I nickname gats Got a tech I call Tina, a nine I name Nina Two niggas went to see Allah afta they seen her This QB shit, bout to take me to da next level Next crib, next Benz, next bitch, next bezel. It's that real. [Verse 3 - Bravehearts] (Millennium Thug, Horse, Jungle, Wiz) Yo, aiyyo, who da fuck wanna war I got a four four, pierce ya'll niggas jaw You see me thugged out, iced out, Guinness Stout Hopin' out the Range wit da gun out Smack your man down, you ran off I was gonna hit him with two, I left some for you I put four, QB rugged and raw I got somethin' for these rap cats, fish held back gats Scope wit a beam on it, loc put your cream on it Shine don't scheme on it, I make your dream about it Forever, whatever whatever get gully Shots thru your leather and clothe, With your skelly off Break ya'll clowns off Yo hollow tips will flood your jacket, I don't give a fuck who you be Millennium Thug, now who da fuck want it with me. I mastered the art of slap boxin' niggas in da dark QB's big man, Horse of the Bravehearts I'm da Sasquash of rap, collector of gats Testin' macks at your bulletproof vests and hats. How bout that, guns bust off, I bust back When trucks backfire, I bust back How bout that, stomp a muhfuckin' rib out ur back Ya'll niggas ain't gangsta rap, ya'll click like Josey and the Pussycats When we come around da front, stop. Uh huh, ya'll can't fuck around ya'll get dropped When guns pop, who's tellin' Twin barrel nines wavin' and yellin', QB NIGGA WHAT Two-time felon, straight to da melon, straight to da dome Send a nigga back, get da shells, go straight home Never slip, my +Ill Will+ to survive is so deep Can't sleep, cousin to death, makes me weak Pullin' triggers at my shadow, Bravehearts pop up Wiz, Jungle and Horse shot your block up. [Chorus 2] Them niggas that wanted war before Don't want no war no mo Now that they know who I rep wit QB NIGGA!! Who I rep wit QB NIGGA!! (repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alchemist f/ Mobb Deep, Nas Album: 1st Infantry Song: Tick Tock Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Intro - Nas] Uhh yeah yeah yo It goes Tick Tock this is for my niggaz in the Bridge, blocks Comin' through better hide your wristwatch Because niggaz well live they shits pop Hey hey Tick Tock this is for my hoes make your hips rock Light a L baby let the Crys' pop Get your Tick Tock from this hip hop, anyday [Verse 1 - Nas] 5-8 with double-X-L pen saggin' blunts draggin' But never lived well, imagine, a felon on a two-way street One way is where blood money coke and homicide leap The other street opportunity the chance to live sweet Think positive k-nowledgement k-cypher complete So you can be an architect design appartments and shit Or you can wind up on a jail bus dirty in clip Soon as I'm on the set I'm never on a chick I play it cool But still ain't pussy muscles get wet it's just the booze Check my niggaz, what's the gossip, what's the word Puff some herb, all I see is niggaz runnin', chin shots All I heard, dip behind the car, see somebody on the ground Ambulance came and got 'em they start calmin' down Now it's back to the same old shit, you know, the Tarzan and Jane-o shit In the jungle swingin' on vines, I saw the gat with the same old clip Another nigga layin' the hit, bloodied up, scream that I'm dyin' I be in Queens where the famous hood rats and ghetto stars are Pimps do the shuffle at night with slutty bars pah [Hook - Nas] Tick Tock this is for my niggaz in the Bridge, blocks Comin' through better hide your wristwatch Because niggaz well live they shits popped Hey hey Tick Tock this is for my hoes make your hips rock Light a L baby let the Crys' pop Get your Tick Tock from this hip hop, anyday [Verse 2 - Prodigy] It's like this nigga It's on, toilet up for me, roll that shit big While I reveal the story of a wild street kid Cock your seat back, relax, while I spit The spittin' image of how I live Well first I was hollyin' for years by them old timer clicks I was like twelve, they was like, blood, listen Keep your mouth closed and your eyes and your ears wide open Gangsta, I soaked it all in, my first ammo was a one shot Deuce deuce, had my pockets full of bullets I was real loose Thug parties out in wave crash always got shot up Thug parties out in Queensbridge always got shot up No wonder we bugged out it gets so frantic Niggaz aim on the fight, we cut yo melon Drinkin' that old english red bull and blue bull Mean I draggin' with that cheap shit fuck it we was broke Little badass, my nigga Rap sat me down, like this He said: P you gon' wind up dead You and Hav' real good with that music shit You need to stick to it, dunn, get your mind of the street And it stuck in the back of my head, though I still did my little bit of menacin' Every now and then bang-outs in broad daylight Like these things really happen niggaz get cut up I put it in my rappin' It's non fiction it's the real deal fiscale It couldn't get more graphic I'm so trail I said it's non fiction it's the real deal fiscale City you havin' let me touch that ass [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Alicia Keys f/ Nas, Rakim Album: Streets of New York 12" Song: Streets of New York Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com  [Nas] (Alicia Keys) Nasty, yeah, yeah (New York, New York) Hey yo black it's time again, yeah, yeah (New York, New York) Come here, yeah, yeah (New York, New York) Hey yo black it's time (*"yeah, yeah, hey yo black it's time" - continues throughout song*) [Nas] If you knew my streets You would know all everybody talk about is who got beef Who snitchin, who told police Who came home, who still gone, who restin in peace Now they killin over music money, not drugs, rap replaced it Cause thugs with no brains got no patience New jacks I pistol whip 'em with the funky rhythm I be kickin Musician and flatten composition Of pain, I'm like Saddam Hussein Still alive lookin at his dead children's burnt remains I burnt the game, learnt you lames a new lesson Your crew's soft man, ya'll need some new weapons The P's breed Warriorz in skullies and timmies Around micks, spics, niggas and guineas For my ghetto kings in deep thought we don't blink But don't think we wastin our time It's a New York state of mind [Chorus #1 - Alicia Keys] New York, New York, New York, New York City, whoa ohh New York, New York, New York, New York City, gritty [Alicia Keys] It's like a jungle out here So much struggle out here And my dreams steal my rest Sleep's still the cousin of death Always feels like a race against father time In the Streets of New York  (New York state of mind, New York state of mind) [Alicia Keys] All I see is street hoes And bullet holes in our people Only crime fills the brain Feels like I'm going insane The revolution has to start, don't waste no time In the Streets of New York  New York state of mind (New York state of mind) C'mon [Chorus #2 - Alicia Keys] New York, New York, New York, New York ohh State of mind (New York City) New York, New York, New York, New York ohh State of crime (New York City) New York, New York, New York, New York ohh Big dreams (New York City) New York, New York, New York, New York ohh Big schemes [Alicia Keys] Oh, it's like the game Just ain't the same Baby thugs and girls with no shame Can't get away (get away), epidemic plague Every hood in every state Don't have no reasons cause believin's hard to find [Break - Alicia Keys] In the streets of New York (New York state of mind) - 4X (*"New York state of mind" is also repeated in background*) [Rakim] I'm from the home of a million legends and trend settin A lot of footsteps to follow, I've been steppin Mind stressin tryin to find direction, crime shreddin Time precious, I ain't have rest since 9/11 I live fast, hustle like today's my last I get cash, the struggle's like a day on the Ave. Crack, D and raw, gats squeezin off Manhattan streets in awe from casualties of war The eve of the Apocalypse, evil people in politics Every block is at risk, the metropolitan metropolis The opposite of Liza Minelli and Frank Sinatra Alicia Keys, Nas and Ra the gangsta's opera So New York City walk with me, talk gritty It's up to us New York it's our city Here the man come with the anthem, hands up It's time the thrill is back New York, let's stand up [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Rakim - talking behind Chorus] Oh yeah, crucial Keys And your God Rakim Allah New York City, Nasty Nas A. Keys, yeah, c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks Album: Likwidation Song: Nas Skit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas Escobar] Yo whassup man this is Nas in yo' motherfuckin ear Knahmsayin, I be chillin 'round with the Alkaholik niggaz man Knahmsayin, them niggaz gettin drinks yo I be like, yo y'all I drink the Henessey shit Mix it with the champagne, shit like that See I smokes too though, but when I drinks Me and my niggaz sometime we get that, what's that shit That Tequila shit, put some salt on your hand suck a lemon and drink some a fuckin shot of Tequila and I zone Word up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Allure f/ Nas Album: Head Over Heels 12" Song: Head Over Heels (Trackmasters Mix) Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, RPMxxxxxxPnPR@aol.com [NAS] Yeah, The Firm Track Masters, Escobar, Allure Keep it raw Hey yo, The Bridge, keep rockin' We coming through, bottles poppin' Allure, when your album droppin' The place is packed Many faces, there's some I know And some know me from buying cases Cash stack, shorties peepin' Is she Puerto Rican, or half black Puff, puff give, I need to live Please pass that so I can zone Maybe shoot a jewel in baby girl dome It's a crazy world Lemme drive you home, lets go By the way, the name's ESCO The platinum range make your man know he wet those If he front I got the tech close  To you much respect goes, the bond true Had to put it on you Allure you, you gotta leave  I'll call you , it's been real [Allure] Boy I can't understand it See I never really felt  Like I do when I'm around you baby And I just can't explain it But I'm feeling so high And I just can't deny It's on you Tell me you want my love Baby please don't deny What you're feeling inside Say you've been thinking of  Holding me, touching me, feeling my every need 1 - 	Head over heels 	It seems so real 	I feel like I'm falling in love 	I'm lost inside of my desire  	Oh baby can't you see 	I'm falling for ya head over heels Baby, baby I'm longing Just to have you to myself I don't want nobody else, no Baby my body's calling Won't you come get my love Because I really need you so much Tell me you want my love Baby please don't deny What you're feeling inside Say you've been thinking of Holding me, touching me, feeling my every need [NAS] So much in common I know you like the way I act You been around real cats All your life, since way back You still got it Cuz you was turned down once Guess you learned Ain't no future with them burnt out stunts Left the hood to get your own thing We're home team Pushing through, watch ya chrome gleam Yeah aiight, you probably heard that my pipe game's tight Rocking VeVe S stones Powder blue whips with egg headlights The scent of weed gettin' all in your weave I put out the trees And crack the moon roof only for you to breathe You get a extra set of keys I tell the world while I'm out on tour Keep your hands off my girls Allure [Allure] Baby, can't you see How you make me feel Oh, baby can't you see I'm fallin' for you head over heels Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amerie f/ Nas Album: Touch Song: Man Up * Typed by: DaSun Akbar * available only on the European edition of "Touch" [Intro: Amerie] + (Nas) (Nas, Amerie, get 'em 'lil sis) It's over, it's over, it's over [Amerie] What the hell do you want from me? Why don't you leave me alone? It's been a done deal for you for a minute So you need to get alone What's the problem? Why is this so difficult for you to see? That I don't want you no more If I were you I'd be embarrassed for the way it carried on You's a grown ass man dawg You can't even stand on you own two feet Now you're looking my way It's too late 'cause you messed it up with me You need to change your tone And get your swagger going You gotta hold your own So don't call my phone 'Cause you ain't gotta home with me no more Get it out of your head baby It's over, yes it's the end (It's the end) No matter what you try to do We will never be again I tried to be patient but I can't take it Get a hold of yourself (Get a hold of yourself) It'll never be you again understand it'll be someone else This is the last time for this conversation (Can't do it) Your excuses are so amazing (Been through it) I know you're trying to change my mind But you know you're only wasting my time Why do we got to go through this? I'm (I'm) sick of the BS I'm done So you'll never (never) get this again [Nas] Ayo Ama-Ama-Amerie No need for anger, he a 'lil boy just give him the middle finger Call your big brother, fifth slugger, wig plugger He gon' get enough of dialing up your number Coward!, this homey got her twat pushed outward Chicks with dicks don't belong in your mix Long as you're straight, laying back in the quarter aches Stephany's and zeppy's, repping D.C., your state N.Y.C. my place, Nas relate, fly estates Fine wines and diamonds, crme brle on the plate And y'all girls relate, so put your hands up And what, tell that motherfucker to man up [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amerie f/ Jadakiss, Kain, Nas, Rick Ross Album: Why R U? (Remix) 12" Song: Why R U? (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Amerie] Why R U the one? [Nas] (Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini) I need the mics to sound like 1987 on this (From The L to the O! to the O! The V to the E to the E!! Where the guys are strong and the girls are freeeeee!!!!!!) (It's called looooooooovvvvvvveeeeeeeee city!!! city!!! city!!!) Yeah! [Verse One: Nas] (Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini) (In CAPS are Amerie singing with Ectacy's vocals) (The L! The L! The L!) Is it fair was it love, that took away Kazemi and McNair  If it was, then I'm scared of love (The O! The O! The O!) Uh! Money, sex, drugs your addiction I know some niggas that succeded in love or prison (And the V! And The V! And The V!) Like Vanessa love Kobe That's the kind of love you got to show me you know me (The E! The E! The E!) Through it all tell it all books and gossip Marriage, divorce talk about the kid constant (LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!) But it's never about (LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!) But baby it's all (LOVE!!! LOVE!!! LOVE!!!) Crazy....Amerie, get em' [Verse Two: Amerie] What's the reason, that I'm here again it's crazy I keep waitin, but I'm foolish cause you'll never change Wasted all my time and here I am still cryin over yooooouuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! Over yooooouuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! Yeah! (Lovin you is so hard!) I keep tryin baby (I just end up with scars!) Cause I keep fightin baby Lovin you it's like a battle that I can't afford to loooosseeeeeee!!!! I can't loooosseeeeeee!!!! Is what I'm tellin you [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini] (Amerie) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) (Ohhhhhhhh you weren't the one! That you weren't the one! One love, one love (Hey!) [Verse Three: Amerie] And though I hate it, hate it that I can't forget you I tried my best but, I'm a mess cause I can't shake you Wanna call you but my pride won't let it get the best of meeeeeeeeeee!!!! Best of meeeeeeeeeeeee!!! Yeah!!! Yeah yeah yeah!!!! [Verse Four: Jadakiss] EH-HAAAAAH!! Uh, yeah, yo... Your best friend or your enemy it's all chemistry Ain't even the outside, diggin the enemy Even when I did somethin wrong you pretend to be (...nice) Then you started sayin all these things that offended me (Right?) I just let it ride though ma cause I been a G You only live once though, and you 'gon remember me (mwah!) I don't mind sayin I love her Cause her mouth is sayin one thing, but her heart sayin another, what! [Verse Five: Kain] You gave me you love, was turned down again You cried me a river, I learned how to swim (hehe) When I wanted a touch, you wanted a friend I died not to live with this sin You used to say my blue eyes sang you a lullaby The problem's that the pain made you colorblind (YEAH!) Never mind that I'm drivin you  Cashews can't cover the tears, so she cover the tattoos I lost.. [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini] (Amerie) (*Rick Ross) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) One love, one love (You're lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) (Ohhhhhhhh you weren't the one! That you weren't the one! One love, one love (*Ricky Rossssssssss!!!) [Verse Six: Rick Ross] (*Amerie) (Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini) (*Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, can't you see?) Of course I'm bigger than the beef, tell the maid do my feet Now my cut so crispy, shorty wanna frisk me It's a newer model, but the top, that's history My money is the mystery, your legs are officially mine Got me throwin dollar signs up in Tiffany's Next to the stones, she's the only thing flawless Yes - one love baby, you deserve all this (The L! The L! The L!) for the Lexus that we always push (The O! The O! The O!) Six hundred for that onion a kush (And the V! And The V! And The V!) That mean we livin on the verge (The E! The E! The E!) Everyday, I hear the words BOSS!!! [Chorus: Sample courtesy of "One Love" by Whodini] (Amerie) (*Rick Ross) One love, one love (Your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) One love, one love (Your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!) One love, one love (But I'm wishin that you weren't the one!) (*But I am the one baby!!! We can never change that! It is what it is!) One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!! One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!! (*When you fall in love it's just, catchin lightning in a bottle, it's that special moment) One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one (*You can never deny me baby!) One love, one love, your lucky just to have just one looooovvvvveeeeeeee!!!  (*You will never deny me baby! One! Ross!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ Cormega, Foxy Brown, Nas Album: Decade 1994-2004 Song: Affirmative Action II  Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.Com, DaSun Akbar [Foxy Brown] Check it, uhh Protect this, nigga for the necklace I throw the death wish; the pretty slim sex shit The rep this, remember Fox said this We on some next shit, we are blessed this The scares on our backs mean we met this To lie for 'em The 25 sentence to keep my eyes on 'em I'm straight, knowing when Allah's shine on 'em Shitty drugs and drama, opposite three pretty thugs and a don momma Filling the rest, the steel in their chest When Boogs threw the kiss of death, it was over And we laid out, chill I was open off the way he ate out It was real, fo'real I was fucking with mills and he was frag-ile We wyling, the brown stallion Stay styling, on the low fouling The whole Firm wyling, we lucked it I know the trick bitch he fuck with, on some duct shit Heard through the grade that she sucked it Firm, Sos and Esco, mad loco Fox and Mega for whatever, and through this cheddar We gon' stay family, 'til we fry though The fam will never split even if one of us die though Along with our get go's, we gon' blaze 'til it brick-o's Peep the Ill-Na-Na, sweet taboo The Firm tattoo on the Dada Now tell me what crew hold it down like we do da da? [AZ] 'Til the death of this, murderous moves pursue effortless Ice necklace, high priced dressed executives Peep the grammar, slim built, strong stamina Forty-four nickel plate long with the silencer Play for keeps in shut eye you stay sleep Shit remain deep in get shells thrown at ya Range jeep Giuliani suite got all the kings going up for creek Devil life beers now who's left controlling the streets? No intelligence, strictly slow niggas minds negligence It's evident, Feds mess up, raid ya residents We're all for living, heavyweight Firm division Mind, I check mine, eat swans, 'cause it's religion You know the steez, take aim, cock and squeeze It's the prophecies, not the philosophies of Socrates Next up? (Yo I believe that's me) Ayo Mega, represent for the family [Cormega] Ayo, the Feds got me in the top ten 'Cause when my door got knocked in My four-four main cocked in My sinister mind, shines like a Dillinger Mega exhausted, Babyface crime Emperor Yo, life is based on cultures and creeds And peep the way drug fiends, the thug nigga sees I've seen niggas lined up, handcuffed and tied-up Coke prices rise up when drugs supply dry-up The Millennium drives up Rims semi blinds ya eyes temporarily Mind of Mega be heavily armed for felonies Shine you could never see The next fat cat out of NYC It Was Written like ghetto life hieroglyphics Living since my real niggas bailed me out of prison A lot of schemes, 'cause the narcotics team in Queens Had marked dollars then the knowledge of fiends My dream is the legacy of Montana treasury Fake thugs couldn't even take slugs or bury me [Nas] To all thoroughbreds taking the corners, y'all need to join us Firm's most powerful nation of rap performers High class, Generals, Confidence, paying lawyers Swift as Oscar De La Hoya, green beret warriors Fakes I peep them like the J. Kennedy tape In the new with Jew busting all in the face Another word yo, you see through My man built the Sugar Hill from a sweet tooth We all eat, 'cause I speak truth and educated Black youth, street diploma Teach Greeks and Romans, but the legacy was stolen It's a Firm thing, generally gleam I wrote the theme on how to sell a million While you crabs is mad at your promotion team I roll with the nicest Fox Black ice, pushing Benz without a license Gear tight as vice grips, Nas got 19 wifies Seven shiesty, nine of them piceses Three white meats under tight cheese Wyling, big links is heavy like bricks That you throw on a pit-bull neck's while feeding 'em raw steak It's core take, more cake I take the crown of the so called king of the town and lock it down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ Nas Album: Aziatic Song: The Essence Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [N] Aiyyo God, yo meet me at the Denice Williams concert tonight man [N] E'rybody there, Stacy Lattisaw, Teena Marie, e'rybody man [A] Yeah yeah no doubt [N] I'ma bring one of my baddest stallions man [A] {*laughing*} [N] You do the same aight? [A] You know how we play baby, listen [A] I'm at a car wash right now [A] but I'ma hit you as soon as I'm right over there [A] Right in front right? (yeah) Okay, aight gotchu [N] Son who laced you with the ill haircut? [A] Lenny, he blessed me with the sharp blade, that nigga's paid [N] He make a pretty penny [A] Fo'sho, you hurt 'em with the new Prada's (true) [A] Check mines they royal blue [N] My shits is baby blue [A] They powder blue (yo' shits is hotter) [A] You hotter with them frames on [N] Nigga you James Bond, and you stay low [A] Y'know my style babe bro (yeah, make dough) [N] Manicure, facial, face glow [A] Fuck it if you say so; I keep you P.I.! [N] That's how we break hoes [N] We throwin ivory dice across the concrete [A] And of course that don't make him your man because y'all palm weed [N] We had boxed bumpin La-Di-Da-Di (word?) [N] Shotties was blastin, pellets jumpin into everybody [A] They never got me [A] Was cool with all the park shooters, sparkin bazookas [A] Sharpen your tutors, cause we don't pardon the snoozers [N] Yo son I wouldn't change my life for nuttin [A] And that ain't like you for frontin [N] Who's the nicest? (Nuff talkin, light somethin) [Chorus: Nas + AZ] Yo we hard hit, just like Comacho and Vargas Who's the target? Now watch how we close the market We both hard hit, just like Hagler and Hearns Add the math, be concerned, if it's beef you burn Yo it's sorta like, Poitier and Bill Cosby 'Let's Do It Again,' a beautiful blend, let's do it to win My nigga - my nigga - my niggaz - my niggaz My niggaz - my niggaz - uhh.. [N] What's today's mathematics? [A] We had it, we let 'em hold it, we shoulda sold it [N] We back it, we could grabbed it [N] But fuck it, just let 'em have it [A] Al 'Humdulillah [N] Allahu Akbar [A] God is the greatest [N] Planet Mars, we carvin the faces [A] You couldn't catch us in a car without the bangers [A] Believe, I touched a couple of movie stars and entertainers [N] Indeed, one in particular, almost started to name her (ha ha) [N] I was there when you first pushed up and started to game her [A] Been a long journey, certain shit just don't concern me [N] They ain't hurtin shit; we flip, they hire attorneys [A] Yo I'ma stay custom, 'til I'm old grey and rustin [A] Reminiscin the number of chickens that claim we fucked 'em [N] Bet some badda hoes than them other funky rappers chose [N] I'm tryin to wife a chick, light a spliff (okay) [N] This might be like another part to "Life's a Bitch" [A] Write ya lips, who's nice as this? We righteousness [A] No mic assists, it's murderous - granted the right to flip [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Nas] Like, Spinks and Hearns.. Sorta.. Poitier and Bill Cosby 'Let's Do it Again,' nigga.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ Joe, Nas Album: Everything is Everything 12" Song: Everything is Everything (Remix) Typed by: Kres1019@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist {intro} (Nas) Untouchable, Ill Will y'all (AZ) Life (JOE) Your dealin' with veterans now (Nas) AZ y'all, c'mon c'mon c'mon (AZ) We tryin' to win y'all (JOE) Now Nas, AZ and J-O-E [AZ] I'm back, no Belve, just bottles of Don With the same wordplay that supplied the Qu'ran Any stagnation, I rise beyond Get it right, understand my ties are strong From the streets where it all started, back in school To the dough stackin' nigga started actin' fool Used to be the loud type love to flash the jewels Hit something nice then broadcast the news Bags of weed, used to slow drag the weed Did it all in the hood, had to leave Asthmatic, guess I had to breathe Short nigga what up, short to grab the 'vees Blasted for few winters, rejuvenated Returnin' like you remembered, but more swifter Stronger than your malt liquor Money, hoes and clothes, don't let them whores get cha They not fair (Joe: [chorus] 2X) That's how we bump, that's how we bang Shorty now we all up on them thangs Play your part, play the game And everything is everything [Nas] My words are my life and my life come with laws You my brother keeper mean I'd give my life for yours It's death before dishonor, the rules we would practice Never play with love, love is evil spelled backwards 'Member the real shit, friend I would build with Before the Benzs, three quarter trenches it was all friendship This shit's odd to me, let no one abuse it Everything's everything niggaz I love music When Donny Hathaway sing I close my eyes slowly Body get weak, as if I could feel my soul heat These dudes get jealous, rappers got a lot of change Can't solidify their own position 'til I'm out of the game But fuck'em, cause yo "A" this was needed Cause when we stopped our flow the fake one's succeeded And "D" this the game bab' bro, nuttin' change, they know Play Illmatic then listen to them, same flow (Joe: [chorus] 2X) (Joe: [bridge]) Bag up your work, hit the block and pitch Don't stop 'til you rich, bust shots never snitch Stick to the script, tuck in your chain And everything is everything [AZ] Truth is real, believe I take loot for real It's the desperation in the dap, boost the wheel Trucks and 20's, relax when them cups is in me You can catch me at Justin's or up in Jimmy's Jeckyl and Hyde, the real never wrestle with pride If you live, that's the only way I let you inside Love it or not, thrive off the love of the block See me solo in a photo, hands huggin' my cock Frank furvase, a white cotton tank with shades Taper fade, got a face that just ain't for braids Been in the mix, sittin' up in cinema six Multi-complex, go before the end of the flick It's just me, besides I'm just a G With the O in the front, I know what you want Believe I'm sucka-free this one (Joe) That's how we ball, that's how we bang Everybody do your thang [Chorus] 2X (Joe: [bridge]) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ the Visualiza f/ Nas Album: Doe or Die Song: Gimme Your's Typed by: davpaul@dove.net.au, dopeskill@gmail.com [Intro: Nas] Gimme, just gimme, for the NYC Gimme what you can't get back Gimme, why don't you gimme the world Gimme what you can't get back, for the five boroughs [Verse 1: AZ] Yo, it's hard to show resistance when money getting niggas Need my assistance to stack figures, beyond non-existence Fuck keepin my distance, cos bein poor produced persistence Plus plea's, a hundred G's, I had me blockin out of jail sentence I'm recognized by the illest of individuals Killers and criminals, even willies that's really into jewels But still sceptic on who I cling to Cos every single nigga that swing through ain't my man just cos we mingle To mistake shit, even females be feedin off that fake shit Filled with envy and hatred but my high helps me escape it Temporarily, though it don't worry me The wise verbally nourish me, properly with that inner city, urban GC I fuck with those beyond my age bracket Cos they analyze and map it, get the papers and stack it Leavin no trace to track it, keep on thinkin tappers is accurate That mack shit, livin the lifestyle, we feel relaxed with [Chorus: Nas] + (AZ) Just gimme (Pimp lines and dollar signs) Just gimme (Rollin trees, stackin G's) Gimme what you can't get back (True dat, I thought you knew that) Just gimme (Money getters, the high bidders) Why don't you gimme the world (rollin wit us) Gimme what you can't get back, for the five burroughs [Verse 2: AZ] So in God I trust, I lust for a 850-deluxe And in two, I touch a million-plus, ain't much to discuss Diamonds and double-digits, Gianni Versace down with lizards It's realism so I visualize it to live it Movin cleverly, with intentions of longevity Strong pedigree got me touchin papers, others would never see, G So do the crest in my claw, flourescents symbolises the essence, you're sailin in a sweppervescence Drug investments, a street thug's plug, the insurance, but informers They had you wanted for warrants 'fore you get enourmous Life's a performance so players play with endurance Cos for more cents, any villain's willing to get more intense They tried to break us but all it did was just make us travel across acres for papers, bonafide money takers Cos though we know somehow we all gotta go As long as we're leaving thieving, we'll be leaving wit some kind of doe, so... [Chorus: Nas] + (AZ) Just gimme (Pimp lines and dollar signs) Just gimme (Rollin trees, stackin G's) Gimme what you can't get back (True dat, I thought you knew that) Just gimme (Money getters, the high bidders) Why don't you gimme the world (rollin wit us) Gimme what you can't get back (It's real, NYC) Just gimme (QB) Just gimme (B-K, VT) Gimme what you can't get back (See me, AZ y'all, representin) Just gimme (Yeah, the street life is trife life) Why don't you gimme the world (Representin) Gimme what you can't get back (Life's a bitch and then you die) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ the Visualiza f/ Nas Escobar Album: Pieces Of A Man Song: How Ya Livin'? Typed by: corcione@hotmail.com Nas: {Verse One} What? Back to back Benzes, wit the wild gremlins Gaudiere style lenses, talents in the 40 cal, this is Life now, let me find out, you want the life style of mine no pal of mine Runnin' wit goons wit knife wounds from jail time Got the squad lookin' like tycoon, we all shine While we parle wit the flyest mommy of 25th street Watch how honey in the Lex do it I'm in the 6 V wit the 12 next to it You wanna stick me, then put ya best to it I die black, we see you in Allah Kingdom you try that Check the fly cat, 2 point 5 multiply that Cash rules, on my arm I flash jewels, and tatoos You can look, but don't touch we bad news AZ: {Verse Two} American Me, elgancy, treasury Wit the hopes to be rich before the bury me Born a Baptist, but moved on to higher practice My fire ashes, only macks I interact wit We all Dons, strong arm, all on calm  But if it's war we on, comin' for niggas who crossed me wrong Select features, sit back connect the pieces Inject the thesis, spoke to my pops and left him speechless He saw me sprout, goin' through worlds that wore me out Never call me out, bitches and money, that's what we all about Through all the routes landed here, beach houses wit the chandaliere Me & my crew, mad cans of beer It's copin', live vibe, still eyes open, it's clear Presidential Suites at the Tangiere CHORUS:  Nas: How you livin' on your block?  AZ: Mines is hot, how you livin' on your block? Nas: I got it locked, what's goin' down on your side, who got shot? AZ: Same shit dun Nas: Yeah, alright I'll meet you up top AZ: Yo it's hard to shake this feelin' that I might get knocked Nas: Dun you know it don't stop, we can't close up shop AZ: {Verse Three} VVSin', nuttin' less than how we steppin' Coupes kidded, cuties wear the sleazy dress & See me flexin' through the hood, d's be stressin' Illegal search, tryin' to find weapons for gun possession Never want for questions, every move made is destined Black professors, let's take it back to the essence Another version, of the Goldie, mack, pimp servin' Convince the urban, project, ghetto prince emergin' Half Hispanic, hollow tips, massive damage The path was granted, loaded gats, blast the cannon chipped up, live by morals don't get it mixed up Dis what?, millionaire strut, wit the Crist cup Switched up, slow goin', gold showin' Doe flowin', eyes don't lie, hoes knowin' Main attraction, lace love in the latest fashion Trained in mackin' never, rockin' Gators clashin' Assorted wear, AZ, Firm extrordinaire Make it more severe, lockin' shit down all this year Nas: {Verse Four} Nowhere to go from here, but the top of this sphere Nuttin' stoppin' us here, we lockin' this here Wit the black toaster by my hip bone, fuck a holster See me at the Copa, platinum choka The God's wit me, mad blunt smoke, it's hard to miss me Pick one out of two dimes to twist me New nines is crispy, mind on chips, rhyme on shit that's strictly made for cats whose rich Excuse me, is that your bitch in my 6 turnin' up the volume when she hear my hits On her wall mad flicks, now you want me blasted But don't get it confused over this rap shit Kinda laced, lookin' at diamonds in my onyx face Oyster perpetual Roly wit the day & date Y'all playa hate this To fly for female singers who get face lifts & fake titties We rule the world & take cities I dreamed of this son Happy we made it past the jakes, fakes and fiends of the slum (Wor) CHORUS AZ (Nas): (Unh...What?) It's a doe thing, niggas know the game don't change (un, un) from the Coke game (Coke game) to the dope game from a slow brain (Dope game) Ha, ha (Fuck a no name) We done did it again son, they can't fuck around (No doubt, un)  AZ (Nas) {Overlapping each other}: You know the game don't stop, from the Coke game to the Dope game (Firm Biz, Firm Biz...un...Total Package) Niggas know that the game don't stop from the Coke game to the Dope game fuck a no name (un, un B.K., Q.B., un) That the game don't stop, from the Coke game to the Dope game, know the doe... (Escobar, Sosa, ha ha, un) Niggas know that the game don't stop (Firm Biz) from the Coke game to the Dope game AZ: Niggas know that the game don't stop Niggas know that the game don't stop Niggas know that the game don't stop from the Coke game, to the Dope game, fuck a no name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page   Warning : include(/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//az_the_v/doeordie/mm_mm_mh.azv.txt) [ function.include ]: failed to open stream: No such file or directory in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67   Warning : include() [ function.include ]: Failed opening '/home/ohhla/www/anonymous//az_the_v/doeordie/mm_mm_mh.azv.txt' for inclusion (include_path='.:/usr/lib/php:/usr/local/lib/php') in /home/ohhla/public_html/files/lyrics.php on line 67 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ Nas Album: Serious 12" Song: Serious Typed by: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@yahoo.com, DaSun Akbar [AZ] Yeah, back off vacation Time to send y'all birds on a permanent vacation though Check my track record, respect is my black Lexus Expect me to act reckless, I'm rich and I'm ass naked A mink with half leopard, my drinks and my glass separate I roll and I'm half breathless, just stroll through my last message Like...niggas can't be serious Never that leery shit, shit I'm mysterious Move mystique on 'em, the doses increase on 'em You ghost if you sleep on 'em No joke when my peeps storming Them cars they come in heavy The God of the Serengeti I charge with a large machete And carve your starving belly Like...you shoulda known I was serious Still the prettiest, point blank period [Nas] Feeding while alligators on swamps, got miles and acres No comp, whether it's freestyle, or written down on papers So far, I've been down from maybe, a decade, I'm still the raw-rest Plus, suede, and Ferragamo's, 'cause the made jury's on us Garments fly apartments, they bugging say Nastradamus Just wasn't one of my hardest, sold over a mil regardless Chill with them hard looks, I spark clips If you blood, or Muslim, 5 percent God, or crip [AZ] Yeah, ok Guns in the glove compartment I'm dapper but love the nonsense The rapping up of my conscience I'm strapped when I come to concerts Attack with a hundred monsters They black and they running bonkers We're back and we've come to conquer [Nas] The last of the fucking genre like... Niggas can't be serious Still the grittiest, point blank period Flow tight as a midget's closet As tight as a prison block is No sight of po-lice, when we riot Fighting the system, fired Get quiet, when I'm approaching Get tires, jump out the roses Sip Meyer's Rum out in open I'm smoking that hydro, choking I'm scoping, my eyes are on you Don't reach 'cause I tried to warn you No street corner Nas won't come to To bomb you, 4 5's will harm you Eccentric, I'm live but calm too Cordial, but crazy cautious Roll through with some crazy gorgeous Hoes, bodies like lady horses Like...a whole stampede serious Y'all niggas is funny like Eddie Murphy's "Delirious" Sped up or real slow, never neo-soul Hip-Hop only rocking with homey, we co-D's Nas not no Hives, or Coldplay If there was an old days, we pioneered it Anthony Cruz, Nasir Jones shit, very serious The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ Nas, Nature Album: Decade 1994-2004 Song: Time  Typed: Nas_Ill_Will_Records@Yahoo.Com, DaSun Akbar [Nature] At the ripe age of 24, I've done seen it all, done it all Some dreams stay fresh and some are spoiled Dealing with time, went to Spring, Summer, Fall It's crazy changes, Is this that made me famous? I come a long way from Timbs, minimum wages  Stocking caps, summer jobs pocket's flat It's funny how my childhood idol's now be coping cracks Ain't knocking at them, fortunately life's too short to see It's only right we move accordingly at every second I use to carry heavy weapons, previously cocked Tucked in my shirt for every session, but hold up The two to six beer made me grow up Came home to the damn same dreams with no luck And half the clique's strong, the other half moved on Some with new lives and new wives, niggas live long The foulest thing about time is, it still ticks when you're gone [Nas] For those who lived the way I've lived, we've came from a long way From wiping coal from our eye lids to raps hottest Smoking lye and let track guide us, remember back then Before Mack 10's expensive bottles, had a sick mind Niggas taught me how to get mine We've often sit courts, they get tossed that spit line To all niggas that the Lord seemed to legit for their time While we plan to live for-ever he had a different design Is it safe to say, we all parish on the sacred day? With my luck soon as I reach the gate that made me pay, pray Minutes go by indo go high the specialist Decked out dark specks, finesse in it Used to play catch a kiss, same girls back then now leave us messages, a whole lot Travel to my old spot, where we sold rock, although it's trifle Ain't nothing changed, just like time it's all a cycle [AZ] Yo, wake up to the world stay in charge of your dream Keep your vision, focus, get wise and largen your cream Marketing schemes, so many in the dark, it's unseen Caught in between, perhaps rap was a fortunate thing Forced to be king from hustling, supporting them fiends Busting guns, I had no remorse as a teen Rocking birth stones, my first, get bent nurse the dome It hurts to zone, now I've realized, I'm on this Earth alone Time ticks, devilish mind design tricks Leave you blind quick and 'cause you to die behind shit Mathematics, master 120, I'm Asiatic, amazed with magic 'Cause it's illusions that made me savage Life changes once you establish the right game Love the night rain found a new way to fight pain Clocks never stop, it's all a race to the top Trying to freeze, that's why I iced the face of my watch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Kap + Funkmaster Flex f/ Nas, Nashawn Album: The Tunnel Song: Millenium Thug Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net Verse 1: (Nashawn) Ayo, I'm yappin' these jewels clappin' these dudes a straight born Killa It's Q.B. Borough nigga, untamed Gorillas niggas that put holes in squealers dope dealers, I see police flashin' through my rearview mirror put the brick in my waist, tighten my belt safety off the Nine, they gotta kill me for mine I'm flaotin', left lane open where I could get through the cop blazed the pistol, busted out my back window I skidded out, now I'm outta control slammed on the break and shot out the rear do' I'm hearin' ambulance sirens, I kept firin' It's gotta be them 'cause I ain't dyin' I'm bonin' out bit the top off a Guiness stoute pour some out, Bravehearts no doubt I glove niggas, uppercut thug niggas look at my mug, you can tell that I'm bugged niggas. Chorus - Why it feel good to be real and reveal who's fake? Why ya'll niggas got the girly mouth? Why we feel great? Why ya'll look mad with a frowned face? Why the hoes love The Gods, Bbravehearts, Nas, and Nash? Why them Bravehearts roll hard with Nickel plates? With big slugs that can't be traced, and why ya'll look so corny tryin' to imitate these real niggas that'll punch you in your face? Verse 2: (Nas) I saw niggas get smacked and have the street thinkin' they real saw niggas wives and knew 'em as the cum drinkin' girls hosaditty, she act like she innocent she act like her Pussy is place that no nigga been why she act like she never met me?  she can't forget me thugs respect me, jealous niggas say F me 'cause my cruise shots like Lefty and Sunny Black your Hoes wanna lick Honey out my crack I'll fart in your bitch mouth, she call me psychic  'cause I knew she would like it push fleetwood Caddy's feelin' righteous I eat good, no red meat I like Fish  ya'll never in your life seen money I live like a Gangster from the Nineteen Twenties smuggle bootleg liquor I shoot 'till you dead nigga I'm about bread, these rhymes is off the head nigga wear Esco leathers and Esco fleece I could flow over techno beats and rep the streets you a one verse assasin I'm a multiple LP long lastin' peekin' again grimy nigga with different color ink in my skin former low life, now I'm the Bling Bling King respect it see me with the shit I say on record not like these fake thugs, please wake up If I die I'm'a rise from the grave with two Four-Fives and maggots in my eyes to make niggas pay! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Sean f/ Kid Cudi, Nas Album: Hall of Fame Song: First Chain Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Big Sean] Coming from a city where bullets turn bro's into souls Who knew from that concrete that a rose had arose Good girls stopped being good when I turned 'em into hoes Dreams stopped being dreams when I turned 'em into goals BIG was the first one that had it Then I saw Nas' chain, man, that was illmatic Then I saw Kanye's hanging from his gold necklace Then Ye gave me mine, that show you my work ethic Mom had that hooptie that she ran in the dirt Used to pick me up from school right after work Now she rolling up in that Caddy like she coming to church She's ask why I rock all this gold, cause I'm coming in first Got the streets behind me like I was staring in the rear-view Used to have to take showers standing in the mildew Now I'm in the penthouse, look what a mill do Looking in the mirror and I'm still you, I'm still you Got my first chain Feeling like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Bridge] BIG was the first one that had it Now Jacob the Jeweler benefit from my habits I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Verse 2: Nas] What's the noise all about with this rap stuff I can say I never been punked, robbed or smacked up I can say I never been chased, jumped or backed up I learned to patch it up to get passes to niggas who be acting up Cause it's a mental game, I learned that when I got my first initial chain I didn't fake it, it was gold plated, I was posing relatin' To those dealing with blow, had the [?] it was those gangsters That bonus, that culture, those projects Shiny shit on their necks, making both of my eyes squint They got in my bones, now I'm coppin' stones Sorry Sierra Leone, one day we'll right the wrongs 18 karat gold Cuban on, not too short, not too wide, not too long My pendant offensive, in the truest form Platinum gold, rose gold, what you want? [Bridge] BIG was the first one that had it Then I saw Nas' chain, man, that was illmatic And I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Verse 3: Big Sean] On a highway to heaven, look at all the tolls I paid I done gave my city drive all the roads I paved No matter what why I turn things go my way I'm rocking chains everyday, so you know I slave Even when I'm just walking 'round the crib, nigga To remind me of everything that we did, nigga Look up in the mirror, chain only thing lyin' No heroes where I'm from, bullets only thing flying I know the higher that I go, the harder to climb But after that, the bigger the muscle and smarter the mind Police only work 12-hour shifts Cause in Detroit that's cheaper than the bailout, bitch Trap house built brick by brick, paid dues on dues FF good, you know I'm reppin' crew on crews Stack bills on bills till my backyards got pools on pools Girls on girls, lingerie and Moulin Rouge God damn, I think I'm gon' O.D. Off this asparagus and bread and pasta Need a doctor, I've been dogding shady hoes and rainy days It's like I got a built-in doppler And it's a shame, a fuckin' shame I don't remember my first love or my first time prayin' But remember my first ass and the first time she came It almost felt as good as when I got my first chain [Bridge] Jay-Z taught me money ain't a thing Came from the streets, headed to the hall of fame Stunting, stunting like I got my first chain I be stunting, stunting like I got my first chain [Verse 4: Kid Cudi] It's such a wonderful thing, to see the end of all things Niggas and bitches, where you at? I got my mind is on me A couple others and dreams, would've seen me Me and my niggas in this bitch About two months in a week's time Movin, feelin hellish [?] with lemon, lime shine Now how the fuck can i chill now? Kanye think I'm dope See this piece that I own now How sick is the rope? Taking life for what it is The troublesome chick, who throws fists Sometimes it's the weather Things switch up, people trip up The money come down, then climb up But when it come again The most creepin', deceivin', men are scheme-schemin' Saying that you love me, you surely do and if you don't Motherfuck that sometimes So dead it, shred it Young nigga lost to the night I'm so ready to let it go My life is fucking awesome, I could be fuckin' dead right now, But I'm awesome So fuck whoever has a bad thought Don't know the god Cause when I leave this bitch you all gon' wish you knew the God It might be too late, but the song's will live on Just know this fact, you were all wrong Now watch me do my silly dance Not really a dance, more like a prance I'm signing off with a crotch grab [Outro: Kid Cudi] Thank you man, for letting me get on this record Sean You the coolest G.O.O.D. Music nigga forever Understand? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beastie Boys f/ Nas Album: Hot Sauce Committee Part Two Song: Too Many Rappers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Mic.. check Haha, mic check [Chorus: Nas] One (one) two (two) three (three) Too many rappers, and there's still not enough emcees It goes three (three) two (two) one (one) MCA, Ad-Rock, Mike D, that's how we get it done Like - ladies and gents, attention Nas in the house with Beastie Boys, we can turn it out Perpetrators, we can point 'em out So if you got somethin on your mind, let it out! [MCA] Like an exorcist, goin home to roost Hand held the demon it's time to get loose No need for ear goggles, we put it through the speakers like a scientist, with tubes and beakers Have emcees all at my house, ash and blunts Bunch of a rappers, be goin out, goin dust So pass me the sword - I'll start swingin Just randomly choppin on a crazy-ass vision [Ad Rock] Because I'm back with a bang boogie, oogie oogie "Strawberry Letter 23" like Shuggie Oh my God just look at me Grandpa been rappin since eighty-three I'm "Supersonic" like J.J. Fad Crazy ass shit pullin out the bag Don't forget the tartar sauce yo, cause it's sad All these crap rappers, they're rappin like crabs [Nas] I have carte blanche, the vagabond Nas is the narcissist, my pockets are rotund I'm no killer, but compared to you, I'm more realer You ain't a shotter, mobster, or a drug dealer A slug peeler, you're not, mafioso, no You ain't got the cut throat in ya - beginner! I ain't tryin to hear your racket You work for police dog, you snitch, you rat, you wear that jacket [Mike D] H-h-how many rappers must get dissed Gimme eight bars and watch me bless this I start to reminisce, oh when I miss The real hip-hop with which I persist Like rum in mojitos, bullets and banditos Matzah balls in soup, jackets and Troop Yes y'all, this is one for the history books Nasty Nas, what's the word? Count it off on the hook (Let's go!) [MCA] Cause this the type of lyric goes inside your brain To blow you bullshit rappers straight out the frame My lyrics spin round like a hurricane twister So get your hologram on off of Wolf Blitzer Too many rappers to shake a stick at I outta charge a tax, for every weak rap I had to listen to cause we been makin stacks, like Stax Records My squad we got a pack, we never comin wack [Ad Rock] To all you crab rappers, and hackers And circuit benders, two-tone splendor I.. take the cake, I stole the mold The golden microphone, well that's mine to hold And why all these biters all up in my crotch space? Sniffin, puffin, huffin And mean muggin with a Blimpie bluffin Back up off me sucker you ain't sayin nothin [Nas] I'm broader than Broadway, I was in project hallways Dual tape recorder, lacin oratorials all day I'm just gettin started on this beat, this is foreplay And when this song finished, y'all can sing along with this By the way, I have a strong fetish for Christian Louboutin steppers I hear Russian blondes the wettest But anyway, I better pay homage to my fellas And that's what's on my mind and the rhyme, who's next up? [Mike D] Yeapppp! Mike D, the man of mystery History in the makin, and now we're takin Titles, awards, and accolades Scarin the competition as I sharpen my blades We come together like peanut butter and sandwiches Like pen and paper like Picasso and canvases Rockin stadiums and shitty bars Go back in time, send a fax from my car The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Nas Album: Share My World Song: Love is All We Need Whoa, love is all we need 'Cause everybody needs love Love is all we need We'll make everything complete If we try to live together and be happy You and me are one and we've only just begun So let's make a new beginning have some fun 1-Love is all we need, to make everything complete  All we need is L-O-V-E, love is all we need  'Cause to love you would mean everything  Everybody needs love Dealing with tough times seems to always blow my mind But I know where my heart is so I am fine, I'm fine If we remain friends it would never ever end On this love I give to you, you can depend (repeat 1) Love is all we need to make every little thing complete Yeah, yeah, oh if you would trust in me I would let you know that I love you, that I love you Oh, Lord, don't ever leave me... Love is all we need, yeah, yeah, yeah [Nas] Feel this hit banging in your residential district Presidents you checked, canary rock Sizzlin', Mary's hop hop Chirs shorty got this, fly angel My dremas of a queen came true in this land that's dark If you my man and you my heart I blast for you Need bail put up the cash for you, die for you Leave them if they acting too sly for you Quick to put your name in some murder one I'm not the one cheatin' on you or beatin' on you 'Cause I'm laid back you thought that I was sleeping on you? Real love make a ill thug feel bug Now analyze, are you trustworthy by the looks in your eye? Stay with me My dog like dollar and Ritchie, she convinced me all we Really need is love, strictly Love is all we need to make everything complete I want to be happy yeah, want to be happy Love is all we need, and I know that it can be done If we can love, if we can love, everybody needs love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ DMX, Nas Album: Deep Inside Song: Sincerity Typed by: BaLPLaya34@aol.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [DMX] Uh..Uh Now there's two ways we can do this, keep it real or front I know you got what I need and I got what you want And the hunt for soulmates is all over for us We could go away where nobody would know it was us Leave behind all the fuss, the studios, the pictures No autographs, just laughs when I'm wit ya I know what it's like when they know you now But bark it at the dog baby, and I'll hold you down [Mary J. Blige] Time and time and time again I knew that our love had to end But now it's gone so very far That I can make a brand new start I thought that we were meant to be Be one big family But I was weak and loved you still No matter what you did, I could forgive 1 - 	All I need is sincerity 	All I need is sincerity Thinking 'bout you all the time Never seemed to cross my mind How you could take the time to kill Everything our love had built I never knew how you could hide Everytime you told a lie But now I know why you're so cold But I don't understand Now that you set me free I truly think that we Could find love seperately I need sincerity One thing, I'm not as weak I'll always stand alone But my mind is not made of stone So I'll go on Repeat 1 [Nas] Chipped tooth don Nasty, blue ice timbs on Screw it face, half moon part, my tatoos dark On a scale of tough criminals, nothin to call me I'm a rare individual, young and I'm bossy Guees it come from a rough life, cuffed at night Lettin' off hot lead that bust from iron pipes I'm the type that have to shed blood Pray to the ghost of dead thugs, dead blocks that spread drugs Fled from the cops 'till when my first joint dropped I'm still wit my hood, Hollow Point still in the glock But I've been shitted on by these high class hoes Even these chickens did me wrong, I was just gettin' on So I turned cold, givin 'em hard dick and straight to the hole Like Rod Strickland, it was takin' it's toll I needed someone I could hold in my darkest hours A strong couple is a blessing and the heart is the power Give me someone I could trust, not just a hotty to bone Does she love Escobar, or love Nasir Jones? Let me know so I could cop her the stones What's clear to me, it's sincerity Somebody I could call my own, yeah Repeat 1 Ad lib until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bobby Valentino f/ Nas Album: Slow Down 12" Song: Slow Down (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Nas] Girl, can I get your name and number? Can I relieve the pain you're under? Change into comfort, uh, get inside your brain You never cry a-gain, as long as we remain Doing the little things you love (you love) Even if I'm a dangerous thug All the names I'm call, but it keeps you excited To creep through and ride with a live rich Don Who was raised in the projects, can I just watch you? Yeah, lemme see you break it down, I gotchu Any town we pop, boo I +Get Around+ like Digital Underground and 'Pac do [Bobby Valentino - Chorus] Slow down, I just wanna get to know you But don't turn around 'cause that pretty round thing Looks good to me Slow down, never seen anything so lovely Now turn around and bless me with, your beauty, cutie I saw you walking, down on Melrose You looked like and angel Straight out of heaven, girl I was blown away by, your sexiness All I have to do is catch up to you Slow down, I just wanna get to know you But don't turn around 'cause that pretty round thing Looks good to me Slow down, never seen anything so lovely Now turn around and bless me with, your beauty, cutie A butterfly tattoo, right above your naval Your belly button's pierced too, just like I like it girl Come take a walk with me, you'll be impressed by The game that I kick to you It's over and for reeeeeaal Like a flower fully bloomed in the summertime, you're ready To be watered by this conversation, you're ready I'm in awe cause you shine like the sun Let me be the one to enjoy you Let's kick it girl Slow down, I just wanna get to know you But don't turn around 'cause that pretty round thing Looks good to me Slow down, never seen anything so lovely Now turn around and bless me with, your beauty, cutie [Bridge] Ooooh baby, you know by now that I want you BAD I'm floating on thin air I can't come DOWN Cupid, hit me already DAMN Now, I can't leave till seven digits are in my hand, MY HAND [Nas] Are you tired of the same things? Same drama? Same guys with the same game? Bad karma? If I take you away from the man that you wit (uh) I just wanna borrow you, kiss every part of you Can you be a fresh girl? Nasty Do anything I'll request, girl? Then prove it And you need somebody to talk to About things, it's Prada, if you want to Told you Nas'll come through, I bet, c'mon [Chorus and ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brandy & Nas Song: What About Us? (Remix) Album: What About Us? 12" Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro: Nas] Uh, the official remix, uh, uh Nas, yeah, yeah...... [Verse 1: Nas] Kissin you was so sweet what's in your love spell? We were listenin to Mobb Deep with that 112 Under sheets che' butter smell natural gloss No matter the cost the ice I gave you Wifed you made you my, lifed you saved me F what they say, and brought it to whoever tried to step to Ray J Caught up in your web we had the matchin cars I pull up blastin Brandy you blastin Nas, uh [Brandy] Why don't you return my calls? Why you trip 'bout where I be? You don't ever come to see me You say that you're too busy (what?) What the hell? I don't have time Why you messin' with my mind? I can find another guy Someone who will treat me right I don't need this bullshit I won't put up with it, any longer You can, go if you want I don't, need you pity I will, be just fine If you decide, that you want to leave Close the, door behind you I just, want to know what... [Chorus: Brandy] What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about all of the things you told me What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about, what about What about us? What about us, us? What about us? What about us, us? [Verse 2: Brandy] Thought you said you were different Was that what I heard you say? Said that you loved only me Thought that you'd be all I need (what?) What happened to promises? Said that you were a better man Your words have no weight with me Cause your counterfeit, I see I don't need this bullshit I won't put up with it, any longer You can, go if you want I don't, need you pity I will, be just fine If you decide, that you want to leave Close the, door behind you I just, want to know what... [Chorus: Brandy] What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about all of the things you told me What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about, what about What about us? What about us, us? What about us? What about us, us? [Verse 3: Brandy] What about us? [Nas] Uh, this the real best of both worlds we stylin Your fans is mine to be wylin to a Brandy Nas album Keep dialin your phone to second chance ya Unblock my number know it's me But still never answer what happened to them thangs you promised Like The Bravehearts tatoo you said you will get it You never got it you flipped the love in your life It's husband and wife I'm a do me and nothin's nice [Brandy] What about us? What about us, us? What about us? What about us, us? Baby check it out hear this... Now what if I said that you wasn't fit to be with Now what if I told you the game we played, I picked it Now what if I said it wasn't true, so do you You and I know without me there's no you So what about bills that were past due, paid for you All you said to me is baby, I owe you Forget about the brand new life that I gave you Don't what about us to me cuz we are through [Chorus: Brandy] What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about all of the things you told me What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about, what about, what about us? What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about all of the things you told me What about all of the things that you say What about all of the promises that you made What about all of the nights that you gave What about, what about What about us? What about us, us? What about us? What about us, us? Uh huh.....uh huh.....uh huh....uh huh.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bravehearts f/ Nas Album: Bravehearted Song: Bravehearted Typed by: GSincorporated@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus][DJ Scratching] Brave, brave, brave, brave, brave, Bravehearts Jungle, Wiz, Wi, Wi, Wiz, Wiz, Braveheart [GWIZ] G-W-I-Z, wont yall come fuck with me While I lay game chase, catch and cash the check Stomp niggas out take respect With a sawed off shotgun, hand on the pump I sips on Grey Goose, smokin on the blunt I fucks with this broad, she do what I want I fucks her real slow, she likes when I pump I be on my block dun, I do what's I want And Nar nigga to front, I do what's I want I shoot and don't blink, I lay you out in the street I mean I'm fuckin' wit them niggas that's beastin And blaze when they in shit, that's evident Leavin no evidense, who you messin' wit It's Ill Will and yall niggas bore me I shoot to kill, they never saw me [Chorus][DJ Scratching]x2 [Jungle] You could put on that vest Im'a shoot you in the head, won't aim for the chest Betcha won't survive 10 hollow tips out my chrome 45 I got the drop on you Element of surprise nigga what you wanna do I really seen dead people I got the 9 millimeter I can make you face see-through Transparent, potholes in your melon Damage from the ratchet happens if you tell it Jungle live by the morals of the street Not like snitch C.J or bitch Jay-z In beef them niggas only play defense Guns never sparkin afraid of my offense Too rusty, I put they body in the garbage Y'all niggas pussy, we bravehearted [Chorus][DJ Scratching]x2 [Nas] My name is beloved I come from the past With insects crawling on me like I'm dead, I don't eat I just fast I don't beef I just blast, Gods son, blood on my palm I left the cross horny white nun's suckin me off And black dike ones, dressed up like bush identical mask I fuck em hard with a sinister laugh And puff on cigar like Tony Montana Me and Sony got problems If I die they say I'm only a martyr Step to me I'm braver, do me a favor Put two in my waves, you can be paid The label puts you in my place I'm Jewish like Sammie Davis Junior Holding a Louis suitcase with Colin Powell chopped in pieces Now I'm locked up with psycho's who eat they feces Colder hearts break me out and I reveal deep secrets About this street shit that y'all so obsessed by I rep my niggas to the death while the rest lie, the rest die, I'm brave The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bravehearts f/ Nas Album: Bravehearted Song: Eat These Bullets (Bonus Track) Typed by: DaSun Akbar Turn that shit up, Brave---hearts, Ill Will (Bravehearts) (Chorus) X2 'Cause it's drug dealing, cat peeling Police always looking for me A warrant? Is you retarded? Eat these bullets nigga We Bravehearted [Jungle] Could you believe the D's found out about the heroin Crime organize, everyday nigga selling 'em Bundles for Jungle, people gotta die We come through and jump you, dump out that .45 So many individuals is put in critical It's fucking pitiful, you snitch, gotta get rid of you Shootouts in the morning, drive-bys at night Even the police is scared of the Bravehearts gun fights [Wiz] FBI cointel for all my niggas we deep Diss your attorney, is this for my niggas while they asleep Wire attach every clique on the phone when we speak Fuck them niggas! can't take my freedom of speech I've been killed ten niggas Fuck they think this is, I've been here living Under foul condition, SLAUGHTER! It's a mothafucking riot, watch it Now I'm reaching for them shells and guns up in the closet 'Cause I be... (Chorus) X2 [Wiz] Now it's a thousand niggas fucked up in my city Now it's a thousand niggas fucked up in yo city No pity, niggas turning them guns n blast 'em n toss 'em Niggas turning them ones in millions and flossing Why ask why nigga, do what you do I kill a nigga for stealing, lay him and his whole crew 'Cause a nigga keep getting off slowly but more deadly Fuck it if niggas want it my nine then bring empty [Nas] Uh, I don't kill niggas no more, now I kill crackers Strong as Warren Sapp is, long as a giraffe is F-150's & F-250's, Governor, order me about two Bentleys From Rip Kaplan, I don't fuck with Aspen's Too black for that, too tough for Hampton's Rock Hermes, turn heads Puff with Rasta hoes and skeet sperm in their dreads Body whoever leak words to the Feds My camaraderie from the streets will murder you dead Flee NYC when it's freezing To MIA, get this shit My diamonds come with GIA certificates Y'all stones is clones, I'm full grown Hoes call my name on bullhorns In the middle of an NBA playoff Whatever nigga, we can face off Wet a nigga with the AK or-- Oops, I mean kill a cracker The truth, I'm the realest rapper Bravehearts running this shit God's Son, Governor, LES, Jungle and Wiz (Chorus) X2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bravehearts f/ Lil' Jon, Nas Album: Bravehearted  Song: Quick To Back Down  Typed by: GSincorporated@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Lil Jon]  Yeah!  Bravehearts!  Yeah!  That boy Nas!  Yeah!  Me I'm your boy Lil Jon  Yeah!  Right now we going to talk about these niggas!  Yeah!  That's got a lot of mouth, what!  Yeah!  But when It's time to do some shit  Yeah!  They folding, these niggas is folding and shit Know What I'm talking bout, like paper Yeah! [Chorus: Nas + Lil Jon] [N] I know your type I know your kind ya [L] Quick to back down [N] You be leaving when there's drama [L] Quick to back down [N] Fucking fake ass nigga [L] Quick to back down [N] Soft and cornflake nigga ya [L] Quick to back down [N] You ya whole crew ya [L] Quick to back down [N] Ya'll don't want none of this ya [L] Quick to back down [N] And I hate ya'll niggas ya [L] Quick to back down [N] Soft and cornflake nigga ya [Nas] First of all this is Nas I'ma Braveheart veteran And y'all already know who I'm better than Yall know the beef in the hood it'll never end Never hit the club unless I get's my berretta in The letter N, short for Nasir More drama than the President with North Korea Gettin Krunk wit Lil Jon, he da livest in the south Fuck around and you get wires in your mouth Cowards I despise and my power keeps on risin  Niggas try to hate me but they keep recognizin Who's the next label I'ma bury CEO's, rappers and A&R's go to the rap cemetary And ya all got guns but ya scared to use 'em Six million ways to die, nigga choose one I'm a Braveheart I'll be right here Y'all talk shit but I smell fear, motherfucker! [Jungle] Ay yo, all these niggas they afraid of the Bravehearts I'll take a razor open your face up I tried to tell these niggas we don't play I run up on you broad day with a A-K Cornball I can make your heart beat stop Pop pop your body drop from a couple shots When you see me in the street, we can handle the beef If you see me in jail you know you dead meat I be fighting and stabbin, shooting and laughing My ratchet blast on top of you bastards Committing sins in Cincinnati We'll drive by in all black caddy's A 21 gun salute Your last words be, please Jungle don't shoot Pussy, I'll put a slug between your eyes And stand there and watch your punk ass die [Wiz] I'm fuckin' wit them, Bravehearts My niggas is coming we just don't stop Yall niggas is running I'm just goin pop I twist up my gun up and slap your mouth With Lil John down south My religion is green motherfucker too late Since birth, I'm cursed, the worst motherfucka in da state Time and time again you niggas back down, laugh now Fuck ya numbers nigga ya'll all fake The hunt is on, fuck if I'm wrong, test my dead arm Robbery, heavily armed, might leave him gone Bang him duff him, actin like he don't know what's going on Hang em' rush em' get his clown ass his teammates wrong And oh he got a 22, give him the gauge the brave way God aint going to save his bitch ass today Wait I'ma Braveheart I'll be right here Y'all talk shit but I smell fear, mothafuckas! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bravehearts f/ Jully Black, Nas Album: Bravehearted Song: Situations Typed by: phatmac_onyx_bigl@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro (Nas) Yeahhhhh I'ma do it from back hereee What up Braveheart? what it taste like daddy? (chocolate cake nigga) Yeah that's what I'm talking about that's how it's supposed to be Life is beautiful Yo this girl tried to play me thow .. so I had to ya know .. I had to do my thing to step it up Get right with a new one .. Now I'm feeling alright so everythings all good [Chorus: Jully Black] (It's alrightttttt) Nothing ever gonna nothings ever gonna come between me and you Baby I just got to let you know (Knowwww) Nothing ever gonna nothings ever gonna come between me and you I promise you the sun moon and stars [Verse 1: Jungle] We used to meet at the motel Heart break hotel Body hypnotic exotic as hell Got a nigga in a spell She from my dreams Girl taste good like carvelle ice cream A few tatoo's on her butter soft skin I gave my support when she had that abortion Remember I could make you warm in the winter Buy you a mink coat every december And laugh and joke about the shit we been threw Then you open your legs and say be gentle I'll try I can see they spark in your eyes It's gonna be fireworks like the fourth of july Untouchable, unbreakable, intimate, multiple orgasms .. when I be rippin it Your favorite positions, neighbours be listening, hating and wishing that our relationship end But you my brave girl [Chorus: Jully Black] [Verse 2: Wiz] Now let me tell you what I am here to do My baby girl is stuck stupid looking misserable ma keep your head up Cause ma I'm right here let's do the damn thing girl it can't be love Cause I be waiting a minute for your walk by Listen I'm lifting your legs up in the air my only vision While I'm stroking thinking about money and smoking Hoping we could do this again and again and again and again yo I feel your pain I'm leaving your mouth dry your man can't do this ma he to lame Keep him of your brain While you let me do me on you drove off as soon as I came It was evident shorty talking celebent never this I am not reverend do you hear what I'm telling you The time is now or never shortyyy screaming and yelling Yo calm down and let my comrad tell it [Verse 3: Nas - singing] Girl you look so sweet (so sweet girl) But that is what you are (what you are baby) And no one comes between (nobody) Never some moon and stars (that's right) Some come sail away with me (me and you) Cause your my Braveheart girl (Bravehearts) And will get high with each other uh huh (uh huh) [Nas - rapping] Phase one we meet and exchange numbers Phase two is day two call you for a adress to come to Day three is phase three h-e-a-d usually But cause we just met there is other interests Want to smuther with teady bears and lilly's Wine and dine you I'm a gentleman but savage behind you Know you feeling me my carrots will blind you You love me but I love liquir and bud I married tijuana The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bravehearts f/ Nas Album: Bravehearted Song: Twilight Typed by: GSincorporated@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus Nas x2] I be dippin in the twilight, with gangstas Smoking weed up in my ride life, the same stuff Its still a bitch living like I'm rich, bang broads Call me Mr.International ghetto stars [Nas] Yo I talk like a champion, walk like a champion Body like a god and I promise that Nas a hit you off Flow like a gangsta, Brum bum bum bum bum Bustin like dummies so mommy you come and lick it off I stay right, purple hazed out, fifth stay on my hip Blunt stay in my mouth, Patron layed out Tequila sunrising, five sixes, surprise bitches Nas from the trenches how does he survive This is ten years, here for good, rep for my thugs Plumper than last summer stomach stretch from the grub Good livin, good women, I fuck wit straight stallions Bowleg stances go-head handsome What they all scream, my cars lean Hit up every state town city, wit my Braveheart team Pretty face round tits and ass stay my queen Keep a burner in the trunk, AR-15 [Chorus x2] [Jungle] If you see me, on MTV Don't forget I'm the same nigga from QB Sitting on the block, hungry and starving Imagining preforming at Madison Square Garden Or Radio City, and New York City Bring the whole hood wit me, gallons of Henny My homey got shot right before my eyes I got shot too but I survived I was just a teenager, never had a pager I always had flava, chasing that paper I need them diamonds new clothes pretty hoes That Bentley coupe all red like a rose And everybody knows, my gun goes off In the west coast dirty south and up north Jungle the boss, a natural born hustler I Dissed by suckas and punk mothafuckas [Chorus x2] [Gwiz] Nigga I'm high wit high hopes fuck the bullshit Stand up in front of that you get the full clip I beat a nigga senseless his skin is missing Listen, my knockouts is six so serious Bang wit a B on my chest yall niggaz is bitches You touch me and I'm pulling your dress, a snitch is a snitch And I hate yall niggaz, stomp you out like roaches Cant you see I'm here to get this paper just like I'm supposed to I've been a Braveheart since semen cesspool my pops scheming One thought to get up in my moms jeans And it came to this It feel like a mothafuckas dreaming But I'm here, fuck anything another nigga thinkin See them Bravehearts, damn, those my niggaz You got drama wit em sleep with you gun under the fucking pillow This is real thangs, I know shit feel strange, how dem QB niggaz do thangs Check this shit nigga [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Chris Brown f/ Nas Album: Fortune Song: Mirage Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chris Brown] Eyes must be wide shut Liquor got you open closing the blinders Just in case you need a friendly reminder Let me take this bullet, bullet out right here Change your body I need adviser Hard to beat but fuck it don't need a driver All me want is a girl who'll be a rider Can't believe she pull it, pull it - nigga gun cock pow [Chorus One] But she want me to hold her, hold her down Sorry boo boo you gets no love, no love nah Must be coocoo got me fucked up, fucked up wow (you got me fucked up) You know a nigga ain't gonna hold her, hold her down [Chorus Two] I'm a mirage, what? Fuck I look like? I'm a mirage - what the fuck I look like It's all in your mind, your mind - fuck I look like? Open your eyes, you're blind, what the fuck I look like? [Chris Brown] Yeah yeah you're mind said I should apologize to ya People tellin all of those crazy lies to ya You believe 'em all don't wanna accept the truth Who the fuck you kiddin, kiddin - what's the use? Sad to see you playin the fool You don't know half the shit a nigga been through I guess you got your reward, reward for, actin like you don't need me babe [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Nas] Yeah; you lookin for love and I'm the one you imagine With athlete money from just rappin My body wrapped in, Sir Valentino, Lauren Piana fashion Sex with passion, romancin, laughin Happiness, action, restaurants, relaxing They got some good sushi in aspen, the good pussy I'm smashin I call you Masa-Hisa, yeah I'm your Visa American Express I must confess I'm tryin to go beyond love, and this is hard to translate Love is good but to me, good is just the enemy of great You wanna make it to the top but you don't got what it takes to be a model, actress, singer, stripper Want me to help you to become a star you was my sister You was my soldier, damn I used to miss you I used to love you, I think to hold you You didn't know me it was only - just a mirage, mirage [Chorus Two] [Chris Brown] What the fuck I look like?  Fucked up What the fuck I look like? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kobe Bryant f/ 50 Cent, Broady Boy, Nas Album: K-O-B-E 12" * Song: Thug Poet Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com * from the forthcoming album "Visions" [Kobe] Uh Uh huh You know what this is I'ma let 'em run around one more time I drop sumpin' on y'all It's like... it's like What's it like? My microphones and glock nines Black? I'm dipped in that The beats, my mash, jam you for the platinum you have Run it, the illest, watch me become it I'm here, and took it bowling, like straight to the wig Speak truth like kids, tell you what you don't know Kobe? Yeah, he's real with the flow Kick in the do' wavin' the flow-flow All you heard was stop, can't take the hits no more Ha, didn't know I had your block on SWAT? I'm CIA, y'all nuttin' but beat cops I rock like my ma's mean, name is cocaine Place you on my A-fiend list and pay you 'cane Think you can handle? Not get stripped when you rock? Think again, you find you lost your mind and judgement My confidence, springs from watching y'all fall Aw, forced to hustle, rap in charge I'ma hop in your brain, tell you whatchu thinkin' Yes, I am speakin', but I ain't writin' So cold, I put the ice in nicest You too broke to pay attention My style is priceless [Kobe]						[Nas] If you say murder that means I'm a		Thug Poet If I say my mind kills that means I'm a 	Thug Poet If I say that I'm a flock that means I'm a 	Thug Poet And when I lay it down, it makes me a		Thug Poet [Broady Boy] Thank the dudes for the gangs and tanks of booze Shanks and twos, it's the gangstas, Langston Hughes My poems' about broken homes and Jesus peaces Dope is the Popes in Rome Poetical field, thug overtone, it's like what, yo? Bring it home, we both go gone Pre-cord thought flow in the sober zone My life style, chromosomes frost, hope to clone The crack lust, black dust, and the gat bust The claps, the lackluster, memoirs of the black hustler Condos, Beemers, bomb hoes, coke bags, toe tags, John Does Fiends skits them into the plane of day, as plain as day It's hard to reach, to smell God anyway Money, think backdrop payin' gray? Man, rubber-gripped on that rainy day Peep the way I came to play One aim at the game, reign and stay Every stain is straight from objective, insane 'Ey just don't know, I'm two ticks from blowing a hole through music But I'm more than pimp-whoring him for the street wise You met the ren Cuz I open 'neath in the weed, hydrogen Jam my eyes to skin, guide some of our wisest men Until the skies of sin I pray for the day we see you rise again Uh [Nas]		[Broady] Thug Poet	Street analyst is this, the Thug Poet	Hustlers bang out to Thug Poet	Flows for your block, Hip-Hop Thug Poet Thug Poet [50 Cent] Aiyyo, everybody know 50 ain't know how to act I run up on cats with gats and aluminum bats Y'all got fat while we starved, it's my turn Shit, I done felt how a slug burned, I still won't learn Niggas in the 'hood a-tell ya "50 crazy" I had your moms screamin' "They done shot my baby" Son, I yap your shine, I clap the nine, I slap you I'm that one of them niggas you wanna fuck with I spit the shit that make ya keep listenin' Keep my wrists glistenin' I left niggas alone and they still think I'm dissin' 'em I'm on some new shit, S-Type baby blue shit Niggas talk behind my back but don't do shit I ain't looking for love, duke, I'm looking for respect I leave you with options, like die or hit the deck I'm a thug poet, you know what I came for, the dough Clap-clap, y'all niggas get the fuck on the floor, floor [Nas] (Echoes to fade) Thug Poet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Nas Album: The Big Bang Song: Don't Get Carried Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busta Rhymes] Doctor, yeah I think we got some shit for 'em (FLIP-MOOODE!) Yeah I'ma rub these sticks together Check it, and start a bonfire [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] And if you don't see it y'all niggaz can't fuck with our FLIPMODE MOVEMENT - bounce in your truck to us Y'ALL GET STUPID - don't try to fuck with us Because you will get carried away, yeah you'll get carried away [Busta Rhymes] Now I'm subtle, once I pick up my metal Put my foot on the pedal, ridin through every ghetto Analyze the shit I'm seein when I sip Amaretto A lot of bitches on the strip, struttin in they stilettos Then they wave and say hello, when my Lambo' is yellow Everything they got a jingle when they walk like ah-Jello See the niggaz on the corner and I never forget it And I never regret because I see how you get it Now because of you niggaz, I'm a hustler nigga 'Gnac guzzler nigga, rip your jugular nigga In the night I become the type to love when it's dark Cause when I pull up and park, is when I'm makin my mark See the fact's that I'm tryin to strive and capitalize in Start to max-a-mimize and b-build a ent-ter-prise And wh-while I'm stockin this bread, keep ah-stockin the lead And leave a permanent dot, on the top of your head [Nas] Ill Will, Flip-mooode! I'm the enigma, there is none harder, smarter Martyr, Godfather, my interest, your departure Pardon Dre this beat is a monster, catchy Like sleepin under open windows that's drafty Then wakin up my throat scratchy, that's how I spit it nasty They short, a few inches North of a dwarf My flow's Murcilago, ghostin them narcos Toast in the ways of the original Pablos Still a pyramid architect, mix liquors like a chemist Killer lyricist, poetical tyrant Sneaker store terrorist, Mt. Everest I climbed it Heat is drawn, no creepin on me whenever I'm bent My mind spray, my nine spray And freak styles like 3000 Andre To keep pilin, keep pushin them drops Nas, runnin with hot Busta Bust, we don't stop [Busta Rhymes] Now I'm hot, and we runnin the block Watch me run in your spot, fiends comin in flocks Add a little cut to the coke when I'm cookin the pot DRUGS, BITCH! I got what you want come and get what I got Now I almost forgot, I come to close up your shop I love to fold up a knot, love totin the glock Helps me feel safer when niggaz try to scheme on my plot Try to steal paper from me you gotta deal with a lot See I will leave you to rot, only defendin my stock Niggaz know they pussy and struggle to pretend that they not Lose your life in the drop, while I harvest the crop My hot shit; bust a cannon have you run in your socks See we live on the edge, bang shit with a sledgehammer Split up your head, kill a snitch for the feds Let's go, for the streets I'm always spittin a gospel Get Nas holdin a barrel size of elephant nostril The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Big Daddy Kane, Lil' Wayne, Nas, Reek Da Villian, Spliff Star & The Game Album: Don't Touch Me (Throw Da Water On 'Em) (Remix) 12'' Song: Don't Touch Me (Throw Da Water On Em) (Remix) Typed by: Gemini20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] This is a national security alert!!! (REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!!) Ground Music! Flipmode! Aftermath! Here we go!!! (REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!! REMIX!!!!) [Verse 1: Busta Rhymes] Real talk word to mother it be the gutter brother Back with another banger to set off the summer Better get up and come a-round cause the way our shit will be cloggin up the toilet You probably should CALL THE PLUMBER!!!!! You niggas get dumb and dumber thinkin you can come around and test me!!! Like these other niggas well pick a number I''m sayin you should never ever think that you better nigga Get it together and body your shit since mommy named me Trevor Stellar the way I give a hell of a performance and get a Reaction I attract all the people to COME TOGETHER!!!!! WHETHER NIGGAS REALIZE OR NOY OPPOSE A LETTER JUST LET A FELLA THINK WHAT IT WOULDN'T MAKE HIM REMEMBER THAT When I'm in the buildin it's cool for you to rest in Remember I'm too hot to touch kid CURIOUS!!!! My fire burnin niggas serious I gift wrapped the flame and give it to niggas HERE IT IS!!!!! SEE THROUGH MU'FUCKER WE'LL NEVER BE EQUAL I'LL BANISH AND MAKE 'EM VANISH AND DO IT FOR THE PEOPLE!!!! I be the baddest see when I see when I spit I become the maddest And kill 'em until the blood SEEK THROUGH!!!!! Front if you want but you know who the top biller Bounce while I'm killin the strut and walk with a bop KILLA!!!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 2: Reek Da Villian] (Busta Rhymes] R-double E-K, D-A Villian I'll pull a grip out of this waist and splatter ya face When the cali' blow, you'll get a face shot like a cameo Rob the man and leave his ass naked like he D'Angelo Bet I'll let a pistol dismiss you if it's a issue Of a tissue that money'll get you clapped quick! (COME ON!!!) Turn a wimp past wittle to a gym class hero When my AR13'll make 'em backflip (COME ON!!!) [Verse 3: Spliff Star] I'm a BK felon I'll run you down with a weapon My goonies get looney anytime that I tell 'em Dead 'em!!!! I walk around with stacks in my denim With fast foreign cars with the gator skin in 'em Now I got pretty women all around the world If I been in your city probably pound your girl Had her stretched out swimmin in the pool with her breast out Send her back home set to fire the sex out!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 4: The Game] Motherfucker, it's FLIP-MODE, when I come up in the club Throwin up a dub, liftin up a snuff Flipmode be stars, you know who the fuck we are Used to be fishscales, now we fuck with caviar Eatin on supreme shit, at the round table On some cream shit, like I grew up in Queensbridge I talk reckless, the whole world know My style is C4 and I'm ABOUT TO BLOW {*explosion*} So don't get close, we'll touch ya ribs And come bust lil' brother with the stick-up kids Like, "SHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" "SHHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" "SHHHHHH!! Take off the watch!" They said Game in the club with a big ass clock Like BOOM!!!! Guess who stepped in the room LAX comin through, JFK real soon [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 5: Lil Wayne] Chirp on the check like Michael Jeffrey Even the referee said I need an ESPY, award just applaud I'm a boar with a broad I go hard and my leather so soft and I cough And the board of health say the boy need help I am so hot the AM just melt All aboard all aboard black card no fraud I'm an extension cord I'm a lightning rod I'm a lion roar I'm a dinosaur I'm a sinus minus the nose I'm a cold I'm raw than a temperature rose to five and, two o's that's 500 degrees for those who know My fire's higher than a liar, we don't burn rubber, we burn tires We riders we ciders, we live in The Carter Wayne is a flame that could live in the water Ok now let's get it straight either you bait Or the mate either eay you on my plate gettin ate After grace, if you taste like base, snares and tenors be my dinner I'm hotter in the winter, burn like sinner, turn like sinner I swear I'll put ya in the urn by your picture Pa we ain't playin Weezy baby be the man Hotter than the Peter Pan till wet here I am [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 6: Nas] Man, listen I spot a square dude from a distance Through the tenant Maybach curtain in partition Nip and Tuck niggas, I could never fuck with 'em Or pass the blunt with 'em, let the guns hit 'em Bring fire, frizzy hair for perspire You ain't a rider, pat'nuh! I'm a crippler Crutch give a hospitalizer, hottest whip driver Heap on my hip, the biggest life or death decider I ain't a rapper or an activist I'm badder I used to run from a cracker named Lieutenant Casper No black leather jackets or black horasis My old days, like I said from a Vogue page And none of y'all cock what I cop Forget your excuse if the music ain't hot Where the Range? Where the drops? Y'all never got hoes See you on the club, wrist never on froze [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! [Verse 7: Big Daddy Kane] Busta Bus pick me up in the Coupe to come bubble through This is routine kid it ain't nothin new You bring trouble to me the untouchable Make me have to bring in the troops like George W I'll scorch you somethin awful when I fell through Of course the raw to be when you could put a broad to Better bring with you your fire extinguisher Listen I love static and I'm ready to cling to ya (OK!) Kid I made it from magazine pages to big stages How I made this through all the different ages Thinkin you do itlike this is outrageous Yeah I'm sick with it but it's not contageous Your hottest thing to me, not a thing Every night my crib is like the Bada Bing So make sure that you youngin's got it right Kane's who's the fuckin rock stars party like (You heard!!!) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] SO DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) DON'T TOUCH ME NIGGA!!!! (You might burn yourself!) It's gettin hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) We got 'em hot in this bitch! (So throw the water on 'em!!!!) HERE WE GO!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Joe, Nas Album: Thank God I Found You 12" Song: Thank God I Found You (Make It Last Forever Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Nas](Mariah & Joe) Cluemanati MC to the J-O-E (Make it last) Nastradamus remix (Make it last forever) For the world Make it real, baby Uh, Desert Storm, baby Uh, check it (Thank God I found you) This for you [Nas](Mariah & Joe) Let's show the world you're my golden girl When we shoppin' they see us on the streets They say 'Son, scooped a hot one' You taste like banana cake You shaped like the number eight And you my number one candidate I can't lose you, it's like I'm bettin' in Vegas, crucial Sweatin', knowin' these players is wantin' you, Boo I get the chills when you in my sight Feels like it's meant to be right (Thank God I found you) I feel a rush when I kiss you at night, uh [Joe] Shorty knows she my baby girl and Player haters try hard to get her But she'll be lounging in my cradle tonight, oh Typically a thug wouldn't say this But you see your love has got me faded No girl ever made me feel like you do, oh [Mariah] Hmm I'mma be here night after night to Feel your loving arms around me Baby, baby, baby, baby, you make it all right No one but you baby, can make me feel The way you make me, make me, make me feel, oh [Mariah & Joe](Nas) (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Make it last Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Don't our let our love end (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Oh, don't you let it end Make it last forever and ever (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Thank God I found you [Joe & Mariah] Your touch is wonderful (So wonderful) Your love is so marvelous Joy, that's what I feel When I'm with you, yeah (Yeah) Nothing, no one (No one, boy) Could compare to what we have (Oh no, baby) Love, it feels so good I'm so glad you're mine, oh [Mariah & Joe](Nas) (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Make it last forever (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Ooh, ooh, ooh Don't let our love end (No, no, no, no, no, no) (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Make it last forever and ever (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Thank God I found you [Nas](Mariah) What? A thug's dream wife, jeans tight, beautiful skin Matching brown Timbs, hot as jalapenos She knows how to hide the ninos The rap Rudolph Valentino In beef I become the black Al Pacino Relax, sweetie, in Benz you could watch the TV Or lay back and pump Mariah's hot CD And I'mma touch you in the wrong places Or we could walk through the park In our bubble north faces, I'm lost in your love Thank God I found you, you my crown jewel I'm sayin' boo the type I give my last name to (Make it last) At Lover's Lane put the top up When it start to rain in the parkin' lot Then we finish doing our thing Fog the windows gettin' very sentimental Sippin' Cosmos with the cherry in the middle I keep it honest, word to Will that's my promise Signin' off, truly yours, Nastradamus [Mariah & Joe](Nas) Thank God I found you, thank you, Lord (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) Whoa, oh, oh, oh, oh, don't you let it end Make it last, oh baby (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last) See I was so lost without your love I was lost without you (Make it last, make it last) My every wish and dreams became reality Thank God I found you (Make it last, make it last) Oh, oh, oh, oh (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last, make it last) (2000) Make it last (Nastradamus) I'm overwhelmed with gratitude (Mariah, uh, uh Cluemanati, uh to the J-O-E My baby I'm so thankful (Thank God for you baby, that's right) Thank God I found you (Make it last, make it last) Thank God I found you (Make it last, make it last) I was so lost without you My every wish and every dream Somehow became reality (Make it last, make it last) (We make it last, make it last) My sunshine, my whole life Make it last forever, baby (Make it last, make it last) Thank God I found you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Cassidy f/ Nas, Quan Album:	I'm a Hustla Song:	Can't Fade Me Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com Yea, hehe. Don Quan A vision of God's Son Nas. That nigga Cass rules. Whattup baby [Chorus: Quan] Y'all niggaz is crazy. *To think* Y'all niggaz can't fade me *Trick these* From the bottom to the top, from the booth to the block Anyway I got to get it, I'm givin it all I got Y'all haters can't hold me. *No Way* And y'all don't want to zone me *Want it your way* So when I get, I'm gon' get it, in my life how I live it and whips I be whippin, smokin on the exquisite [Nas] In the crib, two bricks of coke, liquor and dope Pretty Hawaian bitches who eat choch and deep throat Same niggaz that get down, remember them California style, yeah I went back again But much wiser, 'cause these guys are Leave you up shits creek and won't lose sleep So while we pack the heat, I got the heckler and koch My man got the dot, five-oh block It's like the movies shots as niggaz watch But the American version East coast, west coast as we connect these curtains 'Cause we ain't scared to buck, step on the Timbs and Chuck's Is gonna happen, gun clappin, remember that Now we on the soothern part of the map Houston, party of the year, everybody there Texas, no guestlist, only real players allowed Me and my dudes make out rounds *Yall must be crazy* [Chorus: Quan] [Quan] VA game spittin, platinum grill grinnin Chrome rims spinnin, with wood grain glistenin Any amount we sippin, passion for thugs livin Free, fresh and out of prison Flexin that new edition Good grain gettin, shit and lovin the feelin Bobby Womack singin, Marisa Rings gleaming Hat cocked duce, puffin the quarter loosely Poppin the bottle and tippin fifth of that to goosey Shinnin for Swill and Halle, smokin for Lil' Shawney Still reppin Bad Newz, and all my soldiers for me Enjoy some better days, dispute burdens I carry See cousin hookin money, for God momentary Floss every chance I get, spread love freely Still spittin gangsta shit, 'cause the streets need me Still got that mack with me, for niggaz actin silly still pimpin gangsta pretty, reppin in every city [Chorus: Quan] [Cassidy] Yeah, I pray every day for a better life I think it's gon' get better but it's like I'm never right Make it better Christ, I'm on both of my knees There's no hope, that why I'm smokin the trees Damn, all for the chees, I lost both of my mans That's why there's toasters in both of my hands Damn, and I'll sell coke and birds 'fore I go to work I go to the Range more than I go to church My whole mentality twisted, but this reality isn't it I ain't tryin to be fatality listed And yo reverend, gettin dough is like goin to heaven And goin to jail, like goin to hell But before I go in the grave, I'll go in the cell Just send my son photo in the mail Oh well, but I got god on my side so I'm beatin the case This life crazy but I'm keepin the faith The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone-N-Noreaga f/ Nas Album: The Reunion Song: B EZ Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net (Nas talking) I heard that nigga Capone's home yo...word to Motha..that nigga Nore' doin' his mothafuckin' thing...thugged out entertainment...knowwhatI'msayin'?, niggas still in the streets...Ill Will, Braveheart nigga, there's a thin line between streets and business..so we gotta have balance and be easy... Verse 1: (Nas) I heard you fags wanna catch me off guard put Tecks to my heart, the death of Escobar under your breath, whispers in the dark I hear it 'cause the street ain't loyal to choose sides prepare for the beef, whoever lose dies rich and I'm thuggin' I can't trust nothin', this bitch that I'm fuckin' this clip that I'm bustin' could jam in my fist look at my hand, finger pussy with expensive rings cut coke cookies, wrote poetry and broke noses B. the voice from Heaven  I'm God sent, of course a legend this is part 1, speak my sermon, the hood reverand blunted eyes red C-Class, a Hundred times Five Red CD's blast, speed fast, haters drop dead I'm gorgeous black Goddess flip the arm rest, flip the cordless  her body stacks the best, ass is flawless finally the long awaited shit, ghetto people the sequel Nas, CNN, nobody's equal.  Chorus  Yo, Be easy keep the club off the heezy straight thugs in the back, drink creezy be easy, but we still smoke treezy see us rippin' the shows with thugged eezy. Verse 2: (Capone) Niggas picked me the boss Ricky Ross Lex Two-Fifty Horse power, click and devour the source if it's flour then swallow your loss I cock Fours, kick in Poppi's doors all for the cash and the cause niggas break big fractions of laws so what, we got it sewn up, smack every cat on the board I speak the truth, guns spit at you, shakin' my palm it's pitiful, wavin' my wand The Don, a Hundred follow me like Farrakhan chasin' my Henny, embrace Benny's it's quite Frank, my niggas 'll kill, never waste a Penny money stay well invested feel the weight on my necklace when death is too close flip the next shit thug the game out bust biscuits, pull the Range out public enemy, QueensBridge where I hang out sweet scent of weed I wear like a fragrance my energy's kinetic, mind power type ancient. Chorus Verse 3: (Noreaga) I see death through the corner, die, kingdom come Six 500's, pull up right in front of the slum Sticky green fingers soldiers of the great God Clarence spoke to the poor but he lived in Oz An ill hook like Roy Jones, I'm a street corner bastard and crush weed with the hashish Bandana head dome wrapped Caddy trucks with the grills and the chrome snaps I'm on point like Al Sharpton, come peep the M.U. marksman The S-Class is shittin' on your weak Datsun Graffiti written on the Bible, my life is wicked I see dead corpses, and Rolls Royces Put your heart on your lap, listen you hear voices  My whole persona is the drama and to smoke skama I can lift it up, Willy what in front of your slut Money bustin out my pocket, your bank is stopped Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Capone-N-Noreaga f/ Nas Album: The War Report 2: Report the War Song: With Me Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Chorus 1: Nas - 2X] Niggas, y'all be with me to the end Real niggas that convince me, we true friends From the streets to penitentiary, they my mans For you I let my clips empty, you understand? [Noreaga] Half gal' of Henny liquor fuck up my liver I could do without it, I smoke sour And yeah I'm God body, I'm in tune with the objects Dead pictures under the benches in all projects And I don't care what the mayor say It's a recession, they putting bricks on layaway And sometimes I wan' stay away and change my jumpshot back to a fadeaway But everything okay today Tomorrow ain't promised though, and you should know it's not Hit the church, hit the mosque, go pray and meet Salam I ain't tryna kick knowledge and get all religious Spit razors out my mouth, give your face stitches Coupes with the deep dishes, leather seat posture No love for the coppers, no love for the rockers I'm authentic, organic, I recognise imposters [Chorus 1: Nas - 2X] [Nas] Yo, if my niggas got drama, I'll murder for them I get caught, I say "Your Honor, I murdered that man" God forbid, my niggas die, then I'll murder for them For every one of mine you take I'm killing ten of your men My niggas struggling, share the same pain as me Stay thugging cause they share the same pain as me On the corner slinging dope, serving fiends like me Watching for police, dodging the same thing as me If my niggas get caught, they know I'll be there Look behind your shoulder in trial, I'll be there Help you post bail when you sentenced, I'll be there I'll hold fort till you come back, I solemnly swear Fuck models when you come out, pop bottles when you come out At the gate pick you up, you drive the Hum' out License plate, registration, suitcases full of big faces If I ain't got it, then we bout to take it [Chorus 2: Nas - 2X] All my niggas rolling with me to the end Real niggas that convince me, we true friends From the streets to penitentiary, they my mans For you I let my clips empty, you understand? [Capone] True friends nigga, CNN, God's Son Fo'-fo' silencers, we duct tape a witness up Everybody dying just to beat a murder trial Favor for a favor, that's how I'm on it You wet mine, I wet yours, no money exchanged, that's consignment on it I send a wreath to foes with condolences Emotionless when I'm squeezing, easy to focus kid A loyal nigga like Kane and Purnell My gangsta is too heavy, try to weigh it on a scale From the womb to the tomb, presume the unpredictable For my niggas, ain't no telling who I'll give it to We the same blood type? I'll give my liver too Revenge is a promise, that shit is biblical I got five, you got two and a half though We split everything down the middle like ash yo You don't fuck with none of my niggas then don't speak to me Frequently I like to +Buckshots+ like Evil Dee [Chorus 2: Nas - 2X] Artist: Cha Cha f/ Nas Album: Dear Diary Song: M.O.M.M.Y. Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Nas] A matter of fact I'm ready to spit it so whenever, yeah, yeah Gangsta, Cha Cha, Esco, the don, the Gucci princess, ya heard, what Y'all can bounce to this [Cha Cha] Cha Cha, I, I Imagine Tuskadero, a.k.a. as the wifee And I don't give a damn if these broads don't like me Cold as the freezer cause the baby stay iced Heard the neck broke, how these chickens wanna fight? Might be the reason they lost complete faith in your market department Scared to hear the release date Keep the beats laced, sell a mill in each state See the wife get the house and extra keys to the safe [Nas] You know this game that I'm in The pain that I'm in Esco, cars, jewelry Catz be out to kill me The last girl that I tried to make my wife Was kidnapped, the ransom was an outrageous price Still paid it, dangerous life Now I seek out a gangstress made for this life, for me to bang with I think you'll fit perfect You're young and you're pretty You're something that I can work with We'll be running the city, ya heard 1 - [Cha Cha]   You gotta have money if ya dealing with me   [Nas]   But ya gotta be a live one to get it from me   [Cha Cha]   You ain't never met a broad that's expensive as me   [Nas]   And you ain't never met a thug that can pimp it like me   [Cha Cha]   Yo, you gotta have money if ya dealing with me   [Nas]   But ya gotta be a live one to get it from me   [Cha Cha]   You ain't never met a broad that's expensive as me   [Nas]   And you ain't never met a thug that can pimp it like me, get it [Cha Cha] See mommy, and niggas pop me and replace me like copies Crying for weeks, thinking what he'd do with out me Your cake holder, flying all through the states for ya The one who gets you out of the jams with the fake lawyer Came along way from the pants-pocket inspector The young beeper check, collect call acceptor See I was with you, when you was a two figga nigga Way before they knew you was that Escobar nigga You best remember, who kept ya warm during the winter And kept the judges paid through the whole trial in September Cause if ya every try and flip on me Know everything's in my name that requires a key So you'll be home missing car notes before you walk over me Sorry to see, and sorry that you started with me Cause when you beefed, I kissed you on your bruised lips Put you in your blue chips and your new whips Now you don't wanna lose this Repeat 1 [Nas] Who gave you bubble baths? Loving you, bundles of cash My tongue in you Hummers to crash, bought you another one, thugging you Chinchilla furs, Rolls Royce, silver spurs Who hit it till it hurts, put ya in fifty skirts? Before me you was getting jerked Transporting any nigga work, now your clothes matching fifty purse You was a thug mommy, wild in the club mommy But now I got to know you, it's nothing but love mommy I hold you down with the pump to the handgun Prince Handsome, Escobar, nobody compares In this cold world it's hard to find somebody who cares And you was there, when I though I was getting twenty-five years When them fake niggas left me, you stayed When them jakes tried to arrest me, I only got away cause you sprayed Top of the world, just us two, got you Nas and Cha Cha, amazing, worth respect, I trust you mama Repeat 1 (3x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Common f/ Nas Album: The Dreamer, The Believer Song: Ghetto Dreams Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] Dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams From the hood {*scratches*} Dreams [Common] From the hood, y'all Yo, I want a bitch that look good and cook good Cinderella fancy, but she still look hood Butt naked in the kitchen flippin pancakes Plus she's trickin out the dough that her man makes We got our own handshake, her titties ain't fake Fuckin in the car cause we just can't wait to get home, early in the morn' gettin stoned Pretty with her eyes low, bunny by her Bible The type of bitch that Big said he would die fo' is the type that I'd ride and stay alive fo' Tats on her back, lookin all tribal She knows shoes, like she knows survival Well-put together, she weather the storm Seen her brother die so forever she's strong Hear Beyonc's song and she gotta perform Whether fuckin or fightin, we gettin it on Ghetto dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto ghetto dreams Ghetto niggaz dreams Ghetto dreams Ghetto ghetto niggaz dreams From the hood {*scratches*} Dreams [Common] I don't even say shit, she can feel it I talks the realest, toenails acryllic Ass is a weapon and it's hard to conceal it Baby in one arm, the other is a skillet Fried chicken, macaroni, raised on the black and stony Ghetto Prince, she's my Apolloni' Like trigger had the back of Tony, Montana Reminded me of me of my, of my momma Uhh, knowin the drama like she know when to joke Steal a nigga's squares, not wantin me to smoke I poke my head out of Benzes My street sense is streets and I know who my friends is Endless love for the money, power and clothes My ghetto housewife watch reality shows She might get to snappin if the cabinets ain't closed When the camera starts snappin, she ready to pose, ahh [Nas] I notice all my flaws when it come to writin rhymes Subject matter be changin too quickly at times So I kick it strictly 'bout dimes and stick to the story Call me a pro in the pussy category Had explicit experiences I shouldn't mention For me, gettin women turned from sport to addiction  Powerful women playin the roles of submission Lawyers on leashes, congresswomen inflictin pain onto my game, wanted and I'm sadistic They liked it, they dyked it, devices, twisted 'Til I get a nice chick to get me on some nice shit Crib, raisin kids, Labrador behind a white fence But I'm still single, lookin for Cleopatra African queen, yo look at me I'm a bachelor Y'all niggaz in trouble, keep your girls behind closed doors Cross the fingers, be happy I haven't chose yours She love glamour, bought her Vera Wang sandals, Valentino bags is my etiquette, my manner's half hood, half class Photographers, cameras Caught us out there, the spotlight hope she can handle She can join me, red carpet at my next non-profit Event havin sponsored by some alcohol product Jumpin out a Bentley with some fresh Red Bottoms You live the dream with me when you were just in the projects {*"Yeah" scratched to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cormega f/ AZ, Foxy Brown, Nas Album: Hustler/Rapper Song: La Familia Typed by: DaSun Akbar (Intro) Movie Sample "They can get to anyone, anywhere." "Drugs, gambling, prostitution, all cash, all moved off shore. And 30% of their clients are legitiment. I wouldn't break this Firm. When that happens you're gonna go to jail like the rest of them. It'll happen someday believe me. Your life as you know it is over." [Cormega] Ayo, guns and roses, sons and soldiers Drug game, cocaine, Ac's and Range Rovers Snakes plan a way to set their own man up For grams when they bag up Cristal White At night pistols might lift you like heat seeking missiles Streets tempt you, police stop to get you 'Cause niggas you ran with got knocked and snitched too Your bitch knew the time you faced You didn't hide the safe Now she's fucking in your fly estate By the fireplace, my shine stay laced Mind original, Firm La Familia, organized criminal's boy You just a hand to hand soldier, I'm a general One way ticket to hell is what I'm sending you Yo, your idiot rookie cops know my props go high Like Himalayan mountains Mega bouncing in the Z-3, counting up G's with no doubt son [Nas] I'll die for my niggas Stick you for pies and lie for my niggas Plead guilty, get the chair and fry for my niggas It's essential that we all as they are like and mental We've been through life, cold blood living sinful Though we learn from old thugs that made it Peeped how they've played it We rated and evaluated, calculated the ages we be The days we see, chips freely, beyond whips and TV's Stock bonds, loot flipped the CD's But niggas hate to see you on top They'd rather be you what not I keep the desert eagle up on cock Spot the victories got quick, why pop shit? My niggas leave you shot quick in a hop skip Specialize in fly shit VS on my breath while niggas gossip on the tactics I'm on some 'Doe or Die' shit [Foxy Brown] Ill Nana capo, the Firm team Gestapo 36 moves, 37 ways triple days Triple pays Nana, Fox boogy Firm mama Kniver the lady cadaver or scarlet whichever O'Hara The hazardous we laced the Lazarus Dripping Gambinana, behind the liner Three niners, from head to toe laced up in Gabbana With Sosa chip, the 4.6 Range Rover to Villanova From Castilino to Columbo, Foxy Brown papa Beyond figures boo, I'll die for my nigga's rollie The Firm controlee, they chop ki's to clock G's Rock crocky's and drop three's and cop 3's [AZ] Check my lingo and all the white ice that make my rings glow I've seen doe, got a dime wife from Santo Domingo Face it, its mathematics, basics far from fake shit My mind is sacred, my skin shine like a Cuban bracelet Egyptian Pharaoh, potent ganja use to get me paro/paranoid Now I inhale from gun shots, through my double barrel Beneath the ground is how the sound travel So what have you, keep the minds FEDS not stopping 'til they grab you Use to bust guns, now into stocks and trust funds G's and CD's so my seed could soon touch some The foulness, I once provoke, it's now behind me Its gon' to take more than selling coke now to buy me You have me thinking; I gotta kill to keep from sinking That con way of life; that keeps live niggas from Lincoln I saw it coming, that's why I slowed down from dumping Most of my crew is running, can't even afford a summons The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cormega f/ Nas, Screwball Album: On the Real 12" Song: On the Real Typed by: wwwnoyd@aol.com [NAS] Yea (House of Hits) Finally up in this nigga On the real, all you crab niggas know the deal On the real, all you crab niggas know the deal To my seed, May I lead you into no breed of evil In the categories and stories I breed my sequel You know the money, blues, blunts, broken 22's Monkey see, Monkey do A shorty sipping sunny dew Now its V.S.O.P. in a G.S. thats mad smokey Murder tree's, Crusin gun in the stash so it won't poke me Up in the Marriot, Sweet dirty tint, Don't make no noise cause we dirty Tell the ho's to hurry in We got the room lit up with perfume, and mad boom And there's video taping of booming ass's on the zooming lens Rolling on you non descript niggas Your marked for death like colombians with bad coke that gip niggas Tilt the dutch, twisting up the uwee if your skilled enough In Will we trust, salute the dead the nine mili's bust Chorus On the Real all you crab niggas know the deal On the Real all you crab niggas know the deal 2x [K-L from ScrewBall] Now its verbal abuse cause the mic's in use This is your sorry excuse Get your neck put in a noose K-L is quick to let loose, to make your blood count reduce Over the snare drum We reproduce like cum Impregnating the track, making it fatter than it was Giving life to idea Through the verse is what he does [Kamikaze] See a close call about two clicks from my fortress We rolling squad deep, on the Kawasaki hourses QueensBridge got the drop on you niggas trying to toss us We metal down now its time to show these clowns who the boss is We live for the shit, Ain't trying to take no lossess Accumalating to much cream for you to touch Fucking welcome to my clutches, wipe the blood on off my chuckers From the ruckus Your gone and your crew still love us Can't call it, I'm in love with this good life shit I'm working with jewels, car, chicken clits, paying rent Murdered Presidents, running wild, stacking in piles Onyx pendants, and Rubied down shit from the nile Kamikaze style, sought the antique three pound Yo Nas, lets cop this brick and let the mobb supply the town Chorus 2x [Cormega] (Play some treats on us) Drugs in my shirtsleeve The side bubble converti Eyes low cause the lye blow Five-oh know we dirty drive slow Write a line sipping a glass of wine The block is mine cause I am a live criminal mastermind When I rhyme, I perfect this, niceness, I'm blessed with Exhale precise shine like cocian white Its the life of Pablo, Escobar niggas I know With diamond rolexes, that drive infinit's and lexus So send my enimies a message My Tommy Hilfiger vest, is bullet proof, so when niggas shoot I'm still protected So never ask why I write so violent My brain storm formed on a dorm in Rikers Island I remained calm while you tried to bite my style and  When I performed niggas mic's went silent To the kid who made my man ill will bless this (On the real) When I catch up to your ass you know the deal [Nas and Cormega] On the real chorus 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Backwudz f/ Nas, Slim Thug Album: Wood Work Song: You Gonna Luv Me (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash It's Da Backwudz, y'knahmtalkinbout? Once again with Nas, Slim Thug Talk to 'em homey! [Slim Thug] You gotta love me mayne You gotta love me mayne, why would hate me mayne? I'm a young nigga on the grind gettin paper mayne I'm the six-six tall baller draped in chains It ain't my fault your girlfriend wanna date me mayne I'm with them Backwud boys blowin back woods H-Town to A-Town, always keep the sacks good From the hood, Northside of the city Where them boys turn corners and them 'llacs lookin pretty Fo's crawlin, you can tell that I'm ballin NexTel stay rangin cause them boppers is callin Boyz N Blue, Boss Hogg Outlawz Ridin toppers through the town in them candy L-Dawgs (geah) That's how we do it down in Texas, city of the H Where instead of 9 to 5's, boys pushin weight We go-getters, side hustle flow spitters Still hungry for the green on the hunt for mo' figures (Dat Backwudz, dat Backwudz, dat Backwudz, go) [Da Backwudz - Big Marc] I'm still comin down, painted like Crayola My page-ola stackin like Palace or Coke-Cola I'm cold as deep freeze, I scope 'em like heatseekers Snatch up and I bang her with my meat cleaver Oh; weight shiftin how we burn calories Saturated fats, pockets no {?} in my salary (What's my name) Big Marc, see me in a big car Fo'-fifty-fo', drankin XO [Da Backwuds - Sho'Nuff] Okay, check my attire, sit higher than bird wire Pirellis like elevators, my doors is suicidal I'm mack-nificent, flashin like paparazzi Hustle flows Million Dollar Man, DiBiase (ohh!) In any suits, a Chevy no Beamer Coupe Mo' game than Maxx Payne, your lady playin my flute (yeah) Because we keep it gutter (gutter) pistols pop your bubble Queensbridge (Nasty Nas) H-Town, Slim Thugga (A-Town!) N.Y., stand up man (Backwudz!) Nasty Nas, Illmatic, let's do it! [Nas] Know I've been around, bought the cars Played the game, wore the ice Hit the hoes; can't repeat the same habits all my life Shot the guns, had the run Popped the trunk, QB style Let it loose, hundred shots All y'all standin one of y'all drop (woo!) From this cannon that I got Me and my man'll run to your block See if our Land'll brighten your knot You understandin why we so hot? Expensive clothes, different flows Bentley Benz, Range Rov's Rolls Royce; all because my gold voice is so choice Lame nigga, I flame niggaz whoever came wit'cha I got retire out the game figures But I'ma stay and hit'cha, no I'm not playin wit'cha Yachts lay in the river Out to take yo' cash if I ain't made it wit'cha I hope you hate a nigga like me Cause I'm loved, by your wifey I'm a thug by day, a killer nightly In the sheets with a freak, or with heat on the street I make money, take yo' honey to the top floor suite C'mon! (Told ya! You gon' love me, yeahhhh) [Outro - repeat 2X] It's Da Backwudz, slabbin through yo' back hood We got dem thangs that'll make Shaq act good Known to put dem shiny thangs on the 'llac hoods Known to do a little dance if they act good {*sped up sample to end: "You're gonna love me!"*} Artist: Miles Davis f/ Nas, Olu Dara Album: Evolution of the Groove [EP] Song: Freedom Jazz Dance (Evolution Of the Groove) Typed by: DaSun Akbar *Miles Davis hums to the tune. *Olu Dara plays the trumpet *Nas comes in @ 1:20. [Nas] (Evolution Of the Groove) Yeah, yeah, (Evolution), yeah, yeah Turn me up louder and louder Evolution of the Groove; like ape to man, man to alien Like drinking wells to Evian From Shakespeare to Makavelian Not much change same game just different names Evolution like how we shot dice Got nice with a small SONY box on the blocks every night Evolution like Herbie Hancock on piano Ron Carter on que sticks All live music's not a sample Tony Williams on drum sticks Olu Dara plays the trumpet; Miles Davis conducts this The Evolution of the Groove A room full of gods and goddess, a table, some chairs A glass of the best bottle that aged for years The fashion express; immaculate wears The stages lit up, he comes on backwards, we stare (What's your name?) With his back to us Jazz music, fingers snap to it Fast forward; 2007; Nas'll rap to it So proud to be alive to tell you young chaps who is The artist 'cause I rap think I'm that clueless? See my hat tilted, foul move, loud, rude Think I ain't that dude who value the art that Miles do Like I don't get down to the Miles tunes What ya think I lounge to? Bjork, Marvin Prince, I crave Lennon and they all got a 'lil Miles Davis in 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Devin the Dude f/ Nas, Xzibit Album: Just Tryin' Ta Live Song: Some of 'Em Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Devin the Dude] I'm kind of familiar...with this game And man I can feel ya Some try to get by, I get high Well fuck it I stay blowed Got it burnin' not concerned with what they do to they nose I'm just tryin' to keep mine clean And out the air and beware There's big piles of shit all over the ground, see there Got the pivotal moves, camel walk, pop-lock Even hop-scotch around turds until ya top notch Watch out for cop, for what I ain't afraid of the fuzz I ain't got nothin' on me but a buzz Steady tryin' to cop something From family, friends, and niggas I run with All about havin' fun, shit But it's kind of hard to laugh lookin' at a blood bath Hearin' a loud voice sayin' "Man what happened" Hellish whispers turn into a noise When conversations get twisted and the truth gets lost y'all Some of em' love ya Some of em' look up to ya Some ya gotta watch what they tell ya To quick to say hell yeah To shit they'll sell ya To set ya up for failure again [Xzibit] Niggas be so transparent, easy to see through Hit you from the blindside, niggas try to defeat you But the game is far from over In fact it's just the first quarter I feed millions and walk on water All business never personal Listen, I'm irreversible From this life I'm livin' Fuck facin' life in prison Now that's a hard decision Freedom or your respect Hold a gauge to the back of ya neck Reflect hard street principles Damn near invincible Keep it on the rise like an organized criminal This is for the niggas with me movin' in silence California grievance sex, money, and violence Self-made, made to order Tell me blood is thicker than water Takin' turns stickin' dick to ya daughter Just another days work to me Spittin' the truth, the truth gonna set you free Misery loves company Some of em' love ya Some of em' look up to ya Some ya gotta watch what they tell ya To quick to say hell yeah To shit they'll sell ya To set ya up for failure again [Nas] Life is so unpredictable, full of surprises I could just die from natural causes, bullets, or virus Cause latex can break quick just fuckin' some fly bitch And AIDS hit my people hard, not many survive it Want to be married with children blunted, happy with millions Laughin' but lately I'm haunted by some of the saddest feelings That remind me, I could easily end up like Shyne did Writin' supportin' our focus and practice wisely They wanna do me like Tyson, Jordan, Oprah, Jackson, and Cosby Black man attacked on camera, faggot police'll ride free So what does Nas see Don't wanna breathe the same air my enemies breathe Hate when they beside me But I just keep em' close, money over hoes Secrets and codes, lead by example Whenever speakin' on dough Creep but be careful In the streets, see niggas'll dare you, taunt you Go to jail is what they want you to do But concentrate Some of em' love ya Some of em' look up to ya Some ya gotta watch what they tell ya To quick to say hell yeah To shit they'll sell ya To set ya up for failure again.... To set ya up for failure again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Cee-Lo, Nas Album: Press Play Song: Everything I Love  Typed by: theboy_king@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Diddy] The world at my sneakers Gold pieces moulded with Jesus features Give streets the fever from the way I spit the Ether Came on the scene at 19 a gritty fiend for Money, power, respect, get it by any means uh New Yorker, slick talker, walk like a brick flipper Decimal doctor, multiply to get richer I'm a entrepreneur, I'm the heart of the city I'm a part of the sewers, I'm the honorable diddy I taste the dirt in my sweat, that's from the Harlem struggle All in my swagger that's the reason why I got my hustle I got the highest stature, Miami diamond flasher I got you caught in the most flyest and stylish rapture My signature next to Christopher Wallace, get it honest My first album through to him, that was my biggest project Now I'm the illest known to walk like the illest soldier And when I smoke, only roll up with the illest doja You sit and mull it over my venom a killer cobra It's Harlem USA I diddy bop and shop with Oprah (Yeah nigga, what.) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Nigga what From my voice I'm killing 'em I shed my blood About everything I love [Verse 2 - Diddy] To the eye blacker, over handed face the palm smacker Good scrapper, cat stacker, good wood packer Tear up the Dom P wrappers faster Platinum patrone splasher, fuck cris, spit atcha I call it rich ignorant laughter Black American express card all grey now, its scratched up From constant usage, girl kidnapper, pop tags off tags Poppa making monster music, and still I Costra Nostra Big roaster, skin cola, girl when I send for ya Bring friends wontcha? I'm from the 80's NYC 5 percent of culture Breeze through with that old school blue malaroma Wrist glowing, ho-ing, fly off in a Boeing Slide off with your ho, and spend six figures on her My persona, Sean John unforgivable cologne Copping the biggest diamonds makes me sorta bi-polar Ferrari to Phantom, vehicles for high rollers The studded chain around my neck makes the night colder (Yeah nigga, what.) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Nigga what From my voice I'm killing 'em I shed my blood About everything I love [Verse 3 - Nas] The Queens Crypt keeper, Mets hat rocker Pretty bitch slobber, Ex-robber Heister, my own life biographer Pants sagging, Bentley whipping Summer jam stopper, Tim truck wearing Pineapple rocker, then I spray choppers A doctor in the jungles of Haiti made me Draped in paisley bandanas Suits with Adam Stacey Cigar like Dick Tracy Its dark I get spacey Alcohol and laced weed That was part of my 80's The Cartier consigieres be near me Canary yellow cuts in my pinky yearly Liz Taylor tried to joke me Coz I keep it green like the other side of bill hicks be When he gets mean Think fast before I blast hoes Like Grassino Went from scraggly old clothes to the illest fashion And realest rappin' Pablo bath on the scene, won't go back to no green Strictly paper cruising through the strip in Vegas Two of New York's biggest niggaz Y'all used to hate us, but now you love us Nas and Diddy, power hustlers (Yeah nigga, what) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Nigga what From my voice I'm killing 'em I shed my blood About everything I love C'mon.. On everythin' I love man.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Nas Album: The Professional 2 Song: Live From the Bridge Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net Yo, this is Nas with my Man DJ Clue The Professional part two Puttin' it down for you fake ass DJ's and shit like that Straight outta Q.B. all the way around the fuckin' world Black Frank Sinatra on yo' ass, Q.B. Braveheart nigga... [Verse 1] Was classified as the bastard who died rumors say I came back alive with an axe  and attacked niggas actin' like Nas my passion is to capitalize come through my hood you get jacked for your ride catch you from the passengers side my words turn the sea red  like the eyes of a weed head ya'll peep my led then hide like Easter eggs I ride 'till the beef is dead, caskets dropped your soul go further up than astronauts I talk it and live it ya'll weak dudes should offer forgiveness 'cause frontin' like you ill gets yourself torchered by killers in Newyork I'm the realest predicted by fortune tellers sick with the talkin' methods AK's, Berettas my whole team is Steelers like Jerome Bettis rammin' niggas like St. Louis, we dough getters and ya'll niggas is losers, nothin' fuckin' with us nothin' but Bravehearts gon' hustle wit' us Ugh! [Verse 2] When ya'll niggas fall  and start makin' 800 collect call commercials like Arsenio Hall I'm on times square on New Years with Dick Clark droppin' the ball with Kool and the Gang, doin' my thing princess cut chains I bend bitches like bike frames my tight game will make Hilary leave Bill quick as lightning I'll have her wearin' tight jeans givin' nice brains in a white Range pullin' up to club life, turned her to a thug life dame  I'm sayin', you rollin' with Nastradamus we flowin' to St. Thomas jewelry box full of stones so I can change diamonds matchin' masterpieces on black sandy beaches even the paparazzi tries to peep us disguised with dark shades and fake beards a lucky photographer noticed Tyra Banks here but I showed the tabloids bogus passports I told 'em back off before I flip like Castor Troy. [Verse 3] Live from the Bridge, cliques stay high from the iz' wear the most popular shit, niggas knockin' my shit Denali's, fat designed rims, 2000 S Benz watchin' ESPN with two dime lesbians I hit it of course, I did it to floss the last Don, doin' hits like Pepe and Cross Esco, cash long, niggas think I'm Blacula 'cause I'm in a castle with a bitch cold waxin' her I leave my teeth marks in hoes, scoop 'em like a spatula pass 'em to my peoples and party like a Bachelor 'till I meet a gangsta bitch, give her banks to hit in return all she wants to do is drink the dick Fuck street clothes, we thug it out in Tuxedos stomp niggas with hard bottoms in casinos a Hundred Bravehearts vest' up, nigga reload we keep low, Hundred Thousand bank ceelo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Nas Album: The Professional Song: Queensfinest Typed by: Nas1500@aol.com, dasun_akbar@hotmail.com [Nas] Slick Rick James ill nigga Get brains with the fuckin Hilfiger nah Shit changed I gotta rock somethin' flier MacGyver get outta shit smooth like that, gettin higher In these kicks, prince sneakas, jogs is loose robbin truce, while my revolver shoots Chinky eyed, devilish grin Purple range rovers, wakin up with hangovers God damn I need my brain sober So I jump up in the ride and slide Me and my nigga Jung, Clue just called he got the purple 5 Damn niggaz is live, Queensed out Got to put the Carhartt jeans on I'm fiend out, til this light green Cali weed Hennessy 'dro, used to only cop dub saks but now I cop a O Six double O, I trick a couple hoes Get 'em in my car, dirty shitted on my fuckin floor Clean that shit up yo, throw it outside Took about four hundred G's to cop the bulletproof ride Bentley Azure, yo we on the world tour We got a show on, the top of the coliseum, open doors Let them Rockaway niggaz in Queensbridge startin' shit, chill, calm it down, we got to blend it in School of hard knocks shirts, choppin' quarts From the Hurst, yo corona play the sideline, yea it works Yo when we put it all in the same fam, yo round up the queen's click Check out the game plan [Chorus: repeat 2X] Queens niggaz rock ice and smoke hyrdo We keep heat for the beef, it never hide yo Young niggaz gettin cash and cop pies yo Queens bitches stepped it up with thick thighs yo [Nas] Columbian brown skin, Queensed out from public housin Comes the one known as the God's Son child, rappers is bowin Look at 'em, they roll me red carpets Praisin me as one of the dead prophets When I talk these niggaz heads bobbin Straight out of Queens with TNT, they did their first drug sting With 1-800-CopShot, thinkin it was first scene With D.A. and cop killings laws was made 10 G's to a witness, who've seen a cop get sprayed What's on the AGQ club or club Mercedes Sunrise, movie theaters to chill with our ladies Load up the 80's cause cop killin Queens is crazy 40 to Baisley, Q-Gardens to Woodhaven To AQ, the brew, the borough that Gotti was made in Whips on the Van Wyke, Queens day or Shea Stadium Anything that's transported to New York got a come through the gates of either 2 airports Kennedy and LaGuardia, we come through to body you Bloodhounds follow you; wolves will get on top of you Push twin Camaros, paper here to Somalia Blaze off double barrels, shells follow you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Nas Album: The Professional, Pt. 3 Song: War Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Nas] Uh, yeah, yeah Squinted-eye gangsta, live in a skyscraper Platinum Patron-drinker, stacking that grown paper God pushed me out his nuts The Devil swallowed me up, I burnt a hole in his guts Fell down into a Louis Vitton truck With stash boxes, and niggas in it saying blast Nas shit Drove down harm's way, puffing that Bombay QB thug tattoo on my arm say Names of my fam, so I'ma read you a scripture And commandments to get you richer Bandannas, hammers, MAC's and NINA's With the mismatched Pumas, like Shan in Queensbridge All white shell toes, that's that Queens thing Breitling, ice wine, call that weed sling Know where G slang And the bitches with bomb ass that slurp on me and my comrades Got a new contract, come on, black Shit y'all just getting up on, I'm beyond that No time for crumbs, I really don't see them They just started living, just started having threesomes Just started having girls who like them That's why I got married 'cause my world ain't like them So why they keep telling those stories? Nigga, y'all square, nigga, this is my year, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Kay Slay f/ Amerie, Baby, Foxy Brown, Nas Album: The Streetsweeper Vol. 1 Song: Too Much for Me Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Nas] Check {*scratched*} check it out Kay-Slay! (yeah) What up, baby Uh, (check it out) Ame' Haha, Bravehearts, c'mon [Chorus: Amerie] Said it ain't too much for me To have you next to me I can't believe it All the things I do To keep you loving me And it's just too much for me To not have you by my side Cause no matter what you're going through You know that I'm gon' ride yea [Verse: Nas] You a brave girl? I'm a Braveheart In craw heart and Champion Hoodies You in the Benz Buggy with the fullies I ride beside ya, we about to pull a all nighter I'm +Super Freak+ like +Rick James+ Sex in rangers, parked on dangerous blocks You like it when the strangers watch Im' looking out for cops, you a girl with no fear People put ya hands in the air for the GQ man of the year That Bentley or Polstry Leather The leather that be up in the coats I wear Wherever I go so there ya have it Cashmere fabrics, never caught in last years garments Holsters under armpits, chauffers and the charms lit And a coat is holding on the Don's wrist She got the ill Will chain on Turqouise boots saying "God's Son" This the theme song [Verse: Baby] You know the size of this shit, I flips it quickly Lose this trouble 'fore these people get with me Holla at my hoes cause I dip my bitches From gold to platinum from rag to riches I'm the boss of the boss, the pimp shotcaller Worldwide Rider in a Benz with a spoiler In your city tear yo mall up Pimp fly bitches and tear their walls up Dress nice I'm super neat Ice on white wit 3's on her feat Worldwide Rider, I'm coast to coast From Europe, Japan, I gets that dough Send out 2 I get back 4 Yo broad around me I'm a lace that hoe Smoke 'dro, redo my whips Redo my chips this the bird man bitchch [Verse: Foxy Brown] BK I throw it up, if we stay Manoloed up Cris air canary, all these niggaz hear me Lou Vuitton, Lou Batten Bring fever cock sucker when Foxy throw it on I speak how I feel I'm a Fox 5 General Y'all rap bitches is all so subliminal That's why I ones them everytime I pass 'em Frontin wit young G the Fox 5 Captain So which hoe wanna fuck wit huns? So come we dun ta push a dem one by one, whoa Now make me bust off mi big Magnum Spray off in the lobby, call us the Shower Posse The Don Gogen, come through styling hard But 2 goons from the Sherlock Squadron It be a bachelor that Fox them sparring And leave y'all niggaz on the sideline starving [Bridge: Amerie] I-I-I wanna get to know you I-I-I want you with me I-I-I just want to show you You belong to me I-I-I gotta get to know you I-I-I have you with me I-I-I just want to show you You belong to me Artist: DJ Khaled f/ DJ Premier, Nas, Scarface Album: Kiss The Ring Song: Hip Hop Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] This shit's special!!! [DJ Premier scratchin]: D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ Khaled!!! [Female]: J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LEAGUE!!! [Verse One: Scarface] A-A-A-A-A-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I would give to her She left me stranded in my nightmares Takin pictures of my memories she right there Twisted on the blade in my heart deep Always on my mind so I can't sleep She used to tell me she was all mine Now the only way I see the broad is online I'm doin drugs tryin to feel you I'm killin me tryin to kill you I built my whole life around ya I thought I found it all when I found her Shoppin sprees on whatever coast How'd you really feel I may never know And as I ride through these streets With my hand on my heat eyes red from sweet sour Realize some things never change Once in love and it's gone, you don't look at it the same baby Fuck love 'cause she don't live here I'm soaked in blood but I'm still here Hip Hop heartbreaks Straight laced, deep base, 808's plus the mixtapes Got a nigga feelin like I upped and let ya Get away now ya all in the lectures Bein studied by the colleges, professors Now I regret the day I met ya (BITCH!!!) I be the first one to say it She ain't the one you wanna play with I FUCK HIP HOP!!! [Verse Two: Nas] And if-and if-and if I cried two tears for her That would be the most that I can give to her I am Joseph, Darryl, Jason, Dr. Dre, O'Shea and a host of those who passed away Today I'm Drake, I'm Wayne, 2 Chainz You say you wanna rap, to this bitch you must commit Then you're a slave to your grave, you won't get out, you cannot quit She menstruates weekly, her +Vibe+ covers keep you warm But +The Source+ to her heart is love, +Word Up+, +Right On!+ You know how girls are, she love when you lickin on her +WorldStar+ Kissin on her belly, trick on her at Onyx Confused fans think that she illuminates demonic But she's the object of my affections, God's essence, God bless her She bought me Bentleys, Breitlings, made some friends resent me for writin about my life, they thought I shoulda stayed quiet She took me to places I woulda never saw without her And she took me from my girl powder I doubt I'll ever be the same, uhh, hallowed be thy name Give me strength so I don't do this dame like Orenthal James Brad warned me, while drivin this auburn Ferrari Never follow in her games, I fuck around and I'll be sorry But I tried her used to ride her, for dollars not the fame She slowed me down and had me guzzlin on cups of lean She's a middle-aged cougar, showin young'ns the dream Noticed she wasn't breathin for a second then I screamed "She's dead!" And everybody took it out on Nasty I was just lookin out, for my music family Wasn't tryin to claim her to myself, she's yours You can have her, she's a motherfuckin whore I fuck Hip-Hop! [Outro: DJ Premier Scratchin] And-A-A-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I would give to her-"Scarface" Sh-S-S-S-S-She ain't the one you wanna play with-"Scarface" You-You-You-You say you wanna rap, to this bitch, you must commit-"Nas" I FUCK HIP HOP-"Scarface" And if-And if-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I can give to her-"Nas" S-S-S-S-S-She ain't the one you wanna play with-"Scarface" I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I FUCK HIP HOP!!!-"Nas" AH-A-A-AH-A-A-AH!!!!-"Chuck D" H-H-H-H-H-H-Is-hard-as-hell!!!-"LL Cool J" And-you-all-know-how-the sto-ry-go!!!-"DMC" [DJ Khaled]: This shit's special!!! [DJ Premier scratchin]: D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ Khaled!!! [Female]: J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LEAGUE!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Cool, Nas Album: We Global Song: I'm On Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: DJ Khaled] The season has returned DJ KHALED! We global now, we global We international now, international Nasir! [Verse 1: Nas] Money fall out the sky when I speak Got a valet, can't leave mine out in these streets Can't carpool, the crew is too deep Why tuck it all in? The jewels are too sweet You should ball if you could I be diggin in my pockets, it ain't trickin if you got it And since a nigga from the projects Champagne out of a can would be the fly shit And I'm a history maker, hood motivational speaker Rap Led Zeppelin, best-dressed list Show you how to bubble off of large investments Ya heard me, and this journey, I'm the journalist Line around the block to hear the words of the herbalist Send ya girl to the Dominicans to perm her shit Tell her tonight, we gonna see Nas return to his murder shit [Hook: Nas] (DJ Khaled) It's still Nasty, raw in the flesh God's Son, never gone, never left King, I played every card in the deck The whole world waitin for what I'ma do next And y'all already know where I came from Queensbridge repper since day one Nigga, I'm on! (Come on!) I'm on! (Come on!) I'm on! (Come on!) I'm on! (Nasir!) Come on! [Chorus: Cool] Out of the shadows, into the light I have the power to take back what's mine (Can't hide, can't hide) We have the power (Alive, it's so fine to be alive) We are the light [Verse 2: Nas] I'm God's hit man, Chopard wristband New York crown jewel, no if-and's, top five I'm the one, two, three, four and the fifth man Smoke a hookah in Istanbul, I'm quicksand I'm five mics, five points of light Hit the stage like a meteorite They wanna all hear Ether tonight, but we ain't beefin tonight That's history, so now when you mention me Say I'm a mystery like six degrees Or the seven hills of Sicily, I need a vasectomy They resurrected me but nothin is left for me Just when you thought you'd seen the best of me I take it a notch higher, yeah Sip more wine than a Somalian Get around town in a private Lear And by sun down, I'm up out of here [Hook] [Verse 3: Nas] Power, paper, palace is so high Lookin over skyscrapers, wildin out in Dubai Do I look like I never seen the better things? Emerald ring, I chase cheddar mean Pockets on swole since eighteen years old Gettin my dough, cigars are hand-rolled From Guantanamo, Gallardos, the car shows The Narcos, Gestapos, Optimos Cause I love the dough more than you know Still ain't reached the pinnacle Braveheart general since nine-fo' Got the belt to show, certified classic Nine-six, Street Dreams was blastin And no way they wanna hire assassins They still harassin, I'm so platinum, it's natural And nigga is my acronym, lights, camera, actionin [Hook] [Nas] Nigga, I'm on! I'm on! Come on! [Outro: DJ Khaled] We global now, we global We international now, international Nasir! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Nas, John Legend Album: Victory Song: Victory Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Hook: John Legend] Whatever it is, I'll pay the cost I'm willing to risk it, I'll take the loss I'll put it all on the line In a hustler's state of mind I'm going to make history Just so we can claim victory (Victory) Oh, victory (Victory) [Nas] Speedboats, three tokes and pass it Grass lit, hitting slopes in Aspen No coat, just an oath to stay thorough 'til we back to ashes Driven in fly sedans to the MGM Grand Picture lots of sand, two blondes, implants Remy in hand, we trying to tan, deal my cards with an honest hand A modest man, aware of any counter-scam Palm trees, magnum Don Ps, LV monograms Hottest girls flew from Rio Mojitos, mucho frio, my libido Sex so strong, without the E though Hollow threats, we don't see those Higher death toll whenever we roll That process is pivotal My pitiful poverty-struck criminals will get a Jew Then we lounge in a Spanish-style house Til it all blows over, Dolce Gabbana out Contemplating, there is no bond with Satan Say a little prayer for me like Aretha Franklin For my hustlers, here's some motivation He who has begun is half done, why you waiting? I'm too impatient to pray, too much patience for stress It's too much paper to rest, fuck around, you face death I know some niggas from Astoria That'll cut your daughter up Like I used to cut a quarter up Making all the bucks, banana clips I bought in Georgia bucks Kill all you fucks, easy I be on the golf cart, sleepy Y'all beneath me Y'all be at the pawn shop, pawning watches Obnoxious, can't stop us, we shottas Say you killing Pablo? Impossible Nonsense, preposterous, bizarre at best Unfulfilled promises I feel intelligence is my wealth However, how enormous is Nas' pockets is a pop quiz to gossipers See me at the Oscars, looking dreamy, hood opulent Means esoteric, how I wore it Exoticness makes you curious to see how serious my closet is Shareholders wanna invest in that Nas stock, it's just We be on that real shit, luxury four-wheel shit Niggas acting thirst on some just-got-a-deal shit Ha, for that victory we will kill shit Get out the way, playboy, this is real shit [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Premier f/ Nas, The Berklee Symphony Orchestra Album: Re:Generation Music Project Song: Re:Generation Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Nas] Re:Generation Composer: DJ Premier Maestro: Sir Nas Yeah, Nas in the building, Premier's in the building Yeah.. This is how we redefine, the music  Let's go~!  [Nas] Yeah, y'all know I gets it on, sip a Dom Clear the throat, wet the palate Compose a ballad, then expose a rare talent The kick drum'll have you numb, the snare's valid That's how Premier styles it Yeah y'all know he gets it on, that's a given Every song I've written, make the sky clear blue like the beginning scenes of The Simpsons Dominions of the British Empire We'll listen to Bach, with tea and biscuits Preem revisits, songs centuries old Hip-Hop symphonies, orchestras out cold with it You know the flow's administered By the deputy rhyme, Prime Minister, Sir Nas I'm certified Please be seated and your shirt and tie dress is on Arrive early, when the curtains rise, bet it's on A certain etiquette involved with this Unlike any other music genre is, bring the drama in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Premier & Bumpy Knuckles f/ Nas Album: Kolexxxion Song: Turn Up the Mic Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Nas] I only fuck with my niggas I keep it tight With my big brother, Bumpy Knuckles We 'gon ride on these niggas my nigga [Chorus: Nas] (DJ Premier Scratchin) Turn up the mics! Yeah! Let's get crazy! Nigga! What! Turn up the mics! Y'all bitch ass niggas is Schwayze! Check it out! (C-C-COME ON!!!) [Verse One: Nas] I'm nasty, but fuck bitches, handcuff snitches Feed they, nuts to pitbulls that plan more business Got sluts on leashes walkin on all fours  Have them eatin from dog bowls pettin their heads 'Cause they love playin that roll they sexy in bed Smokin bud I'm out of control wish deaf on the feds Cups spills with Grey Goose, watching snuff films Laughin at dykes that wear patten leather with spikes  My cheddar is right Miami Beach playin it low St. Barts rented house and a boat, two hundred thou on my throat That's only half of what my wife ice cost Phone call hearin, another boss got his life lost Well, wipn sand off of my toes  Read a book called Catcher In The Rye I chose Some Bob Marley then apply to the scheme  To make me and Bump Knucks more rich, then I got me a team He got him a team, we tryin to buy, G4's with missle launchers Tired of walkin 'round with beef, with our pistols on us C4's better I'm callin me some B-more killers To come and bleed you, show us the suns and the sky Your surely die, you washed up fuck your people! Your money ain't as long as mine you dumb and you foul Who you tryin to squeeze old as fuck with alzheimer's disease We the new breed......nigga!!! [Chorus: Nas & Bumpy Knuckles] (DJ Premier scratchin) (*Nas) (**Bumpy Knuckles) Turn up the mics!!! (T-T-T-Talk about it be about it-"Havoc") (*Holla at somebody real)  Turn out the lights!!! (**Uh huh) (*Bumpy Knuckles, God Son, get right motherfuckers!!!) Turn up the mics!!! (T-T-T-Talk about it be about it-"Havoc") (**Turn the motherfuckers up!!!) Turn out the lights!!! (**That's right, y'all know why?!) (*SUICIDE! SUICIDE!) [Verse Two: Bumpy Knuckles] It's Bump, I'm rowdy I'm wild I'm crazy I'm slick I talk shit, name brand bitches all on my dick I don't trip, I meet bitches in this game that got pretty famous Games all that's project pussy nigga it's all the same  We gangstas! We keep it hardcore keep it atreet Keep the guns and microphones be keep it heap I'm the unsquashable beef, I put it in your rider That means that every show, I'll be layin in your dressing room Next to the Henny rock, two times twenty cocked I'm a cold ass nigga, that keep shit plenty hot My bubble goose is stocked with double truth For you old ass gangstas and you troubled youth Know it! I hate cops and niggas with cops friends That still buy weight in the hood, they drop in With little marks on 'em, scratched by the eye You hand me a twenty, you must wanna die! Nigga! I won't remake a 'Pac record or say a Biggie verse And I'll shoot you without smokin a Ziggy Marley first God Son we hot in here!!! Bravehearts we hot in here niggas they got to fear! [Chorus: Nas] Turn up the mics! Yeah! Let's get crazy! Nigga! What! Turn up the! Y'all bitch ass niggas is Schwayze! Check it out! Turn up the mics! Yeah! Let's get crazy! Nigga! What! Turn up the mics! Y'all bitch ass niggas is Schwayze!  Check it out! [Outro: DJ Premier scratchin] T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-Talk about it be about it-"Havoc" Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y'all know what's happenin-"Tef" Yes yes y'all, feel the beat y'all-"LL Cool J" F-F-From the spot, to the street life, we doin this right T-T-T-T-T-T-T-Talk about it be about it-"Havoc" Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y'all know what's happenin-"Tef" Yes yes y'all, feel the beat y'all-"LL Cool J" F-F-From the-s-s- spot, to the street life, we doin this right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ WhooKid f/ Daz, Nas Album: Hood Radio V. 1 Song: Keep Goin' Typed by: djlakerkb8@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {"Don't Stop" by Tha Dogg Pound beat} [Intro: Daz] Yeah, this the original right here ya know what I mean? With my nigga Nas, ya know what I mean Daz and Kurupt featuring Nas, y'all didn't know that huh? We gonna keep it goin' like that, ya know what I mean [Hook: Daz] Keep goin' yeah We won't stop bitch, niggaz keep goin' We won't stop bitch, niggaz keep goin' On and on, on and on, on and on and on and on and on and on and on [Verse One: Nas] The golden child shot that ass up 'cause you was holdin' out Let the streets be the courts, and court is holdin' trial Fatal not fictitious, I rocked the cable eighty-sixes Foriegn cars young with crazy bitches Mad smoke makes me able to quote, solicitin' ???????, murder he wrote A provacative plan, could bring a knot to my hand As the pyramids stand on the top of the sand I want cheese, numerous seeds and real weed I pleaded guilty, like Bob Marley the weed killed me I intercourse verbally, poetic purgery They copy words of me, leads to murder in the third degree I learned to live life fast So I could count very large amounts of cash with Kurupt, Tha Pound and Daz I Nasty, Nas be large but not flashy Laid up in the Cutt dipped up, like what the stash do [Hook: Nas](Daz) Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin' (keep goin') Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin' (keep goin') Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin' (keep goin') Don't stop (don't stop), keep goin' (Kurupt) [Verse Two: Daz] Who mashes with the crazy illest niggaz in town? (I do) Killin' willingly, who got the right to make a sound My sound break block corners, avenues, and drives It's about time the mash in has arrived (Fuck Death Row) Take you on a mission, be on a mission, I'm packin' steel Steadily givin' on niggaz, no passes on livin' I spend major loot on kahki suits Nike's and Krokker Sacks and sweat suits, and leather boots I box niggaz twice my size, I bust with a four-five Look you in your eye and blast and make the party live I live the unusual crucial life So nigga pay attention when I come through for you and your crew It's just a man and his music, I ain't afraid to use it Use you bad (sucka!), like confusion, I mean it's useless To step to this, Nas, Kurupt we dangerous Contain the mental murderers, and ain't afraid of this [Hook: Daz] Don't stop, and keep goin' Don't stop keep goin' and goin', don't stop (stop!) [Verse Three: Nas] I be jewelin' like Julius To grab a mic it's cool, the mental sounds ludicrous For you to diss is hazardous, gold chain and daimond lazarus I rap fabulous, loaded gat stay strapped to cap cabbages Jesus Christ, I piece it right on the time Enter loose valley, like illusions in the mind Destruction on the black planet, I crack granite Booshwah repitoire, rude and bad handed Heavy caliber clicker, hennesy babysitter Mercedes, three-eighties, a crew of crazy niggaz With the biggest reputation, and livest names Clicks kickin' accusations, of private planes I might cash you chumps like change Over beats, Dat Nigga Daz made that pumps like veins Yo, we cussin', no parental discretion Testin' guns off in your section, East-West connection [Daz] Don't stop... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ WhooKid f/ Nas Album: Hood Radio V. 1 Song: Nas Freestyle Typed by: QUEENSBRIDGE16@hotmail.com ("Light Speed" by Dr. Dre beat) Gangster, gangster, gangster, gangster Yo, yo my house is like the White House Throw orgies thug dykes out That rock baldies, and bad bodys I mix the rap game with mob flicks I was the first one to rep the projects Now everybody tries it Change too heavy for y'all to buy it Even if you could afford it, you would get extorted My clique is on the sixth building, Rickers Isl' right now lights down while I'm in the world wildin' Platinum pearl crown me, who the king can't be you I'm stamp on you lamp with the crew Bent on you, Esco mates wipe the length right off you Pimp you lost it, talk money spit fortunes Talk murder I lay your dogs in the coffin (dogs in the coffin) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DMX f/ Ja Rule, Method Man, Nas, Vita Album: Grand Finale (Remix) 12" Song: Grand Finale (Murda Mix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Vita] If ain't rough, it ain't me Tales of the darkside, grand finale [Ja Rule] Ready to die, cuz only I know where it's in And if lie to dough, then it's kill in my soul For my love and dough, don't make it no better Mami, don't flirt wit the iron and hit 'em whoever A nigga that flips the weather, any Rule, J-A Fuck wit me, it's Murda, I-N-C Feel her, nigga, feel a hole to meet (if it ain't rough, it ain't me) Holla at me, my real niggas, get down, ready to kill niggas We don't touch no more, we kill niggas Give me what it takes to throw my guns together Fast up, hit 'em up, towards the hot beretta You should know better, when obviously they don't So the shit, sure to get you one in your throat By the time, you realize that shot's the truth It's too late, they reminiscin' over you, my Lord [Method Man] Watch them young guns that take none, nobody safe from The Friday, the 13th, ghetto Jason Itchy trigger finger achin', snatch your ass out that S-Class for fakin' Forty four blast, it's a bloobath, take your first step down a thug path Ain't no love here, just slugs here, kids know the half, you get plugged here That's just impossile, for the weak to last, now behold the unstoppable Third eye watchin' you, watchin' me Throwin' rocks from the penalty box, cop a plea Young g, we was born to die, don't cry for me Just keep the heat closely, and ride for me Cuz we family, for better or worse, you and I From the dirt, you snatch purse, so hard it hurt To be here, and each year, I'm pourin' out some beer For deceased peers, holdin' fort Police line, do not cross, they found his corpse In the loft, wit the head cut off, and butt naked Homicide, the crime method, add another Killer verse to the murder record, the grand finale [Nas] Hot corners, cops wit warrants, every block is boring Friday night, gettin' bent, lick a poem My dog, not even home a month yet, and blaze a girl in the stomach, he robbin niggaz who pumpin Lil' Blood got popped, by the Group Home cat Everybody nervous in the hood, pullin they gats Fiend yellin out, who got those? Go and see shorty snot-nosed, he don't floss but he got dough Thug faces, fugitives runnin from court cases Slugs shootin past for the love of drug paper Queens cap peelers, soldiers, drug dealers And God'll throw a beam of lightning down cause he feel us May the next one, strike me down if I'm not the realest The Mayor wanna call the SWAT team to come and kill us but, dogs are friends, if one see the morgue, one'll live to get revenge, and we ride to the end Bravehearts blow the lye with Henn, and still rise Took alive with live men, my man got three six-to-eighteen's and only five in, the Belly of the beast Didn't wanna hear the shit I tried to tell him on the streets It's irrelevant, the beast love to eat black meat And got us niggaz from the hood, hangin off his teeth We slangin to eat, bringin the heat Bulletholes, razor scars is the pain in the street, huh [Chorus: Vita] If it ain't rough, it aint' me Down for dice, is what you told me If it ain't rough, it ain't me See, chick from the other side, grand finale [Vita] My dogs for life, call for life, now who be the job like fuck Totti Slim weight, petite, body, down for my niggas, quick to pull a shotty Sprayin' everybody, lacin' the whole party Holdin' wall when my niggas hung, wit I rush Like boys that I do know, it's me I trust Now watch how I tie bust, guarantee I be sittin' down Waitin' to hear up, wit the blast Got you niggas snitchin' weed in my stash, high flow Over the bitch who knows to stash weed Cold for you bitches who try to oppose me Hot Totti, same chick in Belly Ooh, if it ain't it ain't me [DMX] Uhh, I've lost my grip on reality or so it would seem Pinch myself to wake up, cause I KNOW it's a dream Niggaz that don't know me see me and think I'ma rob em Niggaz that know me well see me and think I'ma problem I'm just a nigga that's misunderstood But word to God I turn your last name to Underwood Cause if I see it, I'ma take it and run with it, that's me What type of bullshit is this nigga on? That's D The dog come and getcha outside The more blood flows, when I plug holes with the snub nosed Gun blows, bullets whistle, wouldn't miss you Hit you all up in your mouth like it tried to kiss you Drama, it's right here, how MUCH YOU NEED? Beat you down with gat see how MUCH YOU BLEED How MUCH YOU PLEAD, for your life, you was a killer And all the bitches comin up out that ass you feelin, gettin realer Now beg for your life, one more time, one more crime one more nine, c'mon cry nigga It's over! This is the shit, that hits hard You either the last one standing, or the last one to fall The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Group Therapy (B-Real, KRS-One, Nas, RBX, Scarface) Album: I Been There, I Done That 12" Song: East Coast/West Coast Killas (Remix) Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Dr. Dre as The Vice President] Gentlemen!! ~ We have a problem  That hath the potential; to become a very serious problem! The Eastcoast and Westcoast seperation Is exactly the weapon our enemies need to destroy our empire (*Echoes*) So what we need to do! ~ is bring together Some of the biggest, strongest and smartest fustiest in the millennium And this will be the begining of The Aftermath! (*Echoes*) [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Interlude #1: RBX] The Mighty mighty Aftermath, hath now just forced to rise Ha ha ha ha ha, indeed, indeed [Verse One: RBX] While childish MC's battle over coastal fronts  I come with no fronts and smash in monkey fronts If you want to be evil like Knieval then jump I guarantee your punk ass catch the speed lump The tactics, extract, morbid thoughts from the mental Custom designed, for instrumental Yes indeedy, lyrical graffiti And this one is a burner, baby Truck, like Toyata driven True and living, driving with the gat Uhh.. pop the clutch, let the Cold Crush rush Then I flush whack material That's if I don't mash them all to mush Hush, let me burst, dare I gush Cock-diesel cuts Lyrical arsenal equivalent to arsenic The Aftermath [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Verse Two: KRS-One] Yo, why do they make me wanna ruin they career? Before I bust this shit, let's get one thing clear Don't provoke Kris no joke this I don't ride no rapper's nutsack, yo, I stay focused Beefing without skills seeking will only weaken The artist speaking over beats and.. you be cheating Cause half of these non-talent rappers  Claiming a coast over instrumentals And got no real street credentials Here come the philosopher Hip-Hopping you correctly Ignorant ass MC's continue to attempt me Lyrics be empty like Alcatraz cellblock Too many MC's rapping causing lyrical gridlock Lyrical syllables interlock in my voicebox Yet I'm still unknown like the X on Sadat Cause your typical, non-topical Flex the optical illusion, weak metaphoric style you be using I check one-two's and who's in the house Like shit your lyrics ooze out your mouth What you think this is? ~ KRS-One from the Bronx kid! [Interlude #2: Dr. Dre]  Paranoidly giggling [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Interlude #3: Quote from unknown movie] Welcome to the New World Order You are now under martial law All constitutional rights had been suspended [Verse Three: B-Real] The most scandalous, cut the bad apple, we can handle this Coast tripping going on through out the business East Coast/West Coast anybody killer! I don't give a fuck where you from, I'ma Killa, Hill-er I got crews on both sides together Deeper than the ocean and down for whatever Fool, I can roll through any block From Central to Westland Avenue, without my glock But some niggaz can't survive on both sides So they try and break off, eliminate ties Fools got to get wise, better realize True, enemy lies killing in the highrise Office, analyzing the song Look at them Rap niggaz, don't even get along Kill that noise, four niggaz bringing the skill Mad caps get peeled, if you opposed the Hill [Interlude #4: RBX] Yeah, that's right fool, you know who  The mighty Group Therapy, the mighty mighty Aftermath brigade Letting all you sound boys know You're not ready to rumble or test this Kill that noise! [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Verse Forth: Nas] Now when I bomb like Sadaam, the world feels The Wrath of Khan Desert Storm in this modern day Babylon I be the twelve disciples strap arms All black on, running your spot, hit the safe and I'm gone Like a thief wrong, I keep the long 38 warm Silent and calm, and blackout when the beef is on Focus on your rap holsters, notice I'm evil like the Exorcist to the locusts Ferocious thoughts, are merging at night Like Jehovah towards the virgin in white I'm wrapped in a turban for spite Like a Israelite snatching whores up, my flow's up When the fucking world blows up (*Explosion*) Throw your hands up, it's a holdup Fronting like you down for the real; to make a meal But when plan fold, nigga, you squeal like Heavy Heel  [RBX:] Kill that Noise!!  [Nas:] But what's the fucking deal? [Real] Anybody killer!! [Duet chorus: Dr. Dre & Scarface X2] East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" East coast "killer" - West coast "killer" KILL THAT NOISE!! ---> MC Shan [Interlude #5: Dr. Dre] YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: E Money Bags f/ Horse, Nas Album: E Money Bags Song: I Want It Typed by: nas_ill_will_records@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas] Million dollar homes platinums filled with alot of stones Bitches on, every new nigga dick who rich If the street could speak the sidewalk could talk Everybody business be heard so I prefer To blueprint, every plan among fam clear Don't wanna risk a billion dollar plan the walls have ears Meet at aquariums, me and the team cause I'm preparin 'em For everythin I seen, who's the most feard and why they scared of 'em Well first, we need to know who we kill first Or how to know a whole from the Earth YO they come in all shapes; skinny and tall Easy to fall for the cake, they throwin they walk Most niggaz wanna shine when it ain't they time Comin up with styles mimickin mine My infinite mind, has no beginin or end Take out the ink replace the blood of my pen Thugin again [Horse] I'm pointed all time regulatin is a must Adjust, your hustler state of mind for you blow up Succes, wins along this hatred and envy The games people play when your pockets lookin empty The dime drop 'em, would he smoke or playin poker He gambles with his life and his cards are gettin shorter The young and reckless, pack gats inside they vests I'm 22 to oo-ups, seein who the freshest I guessed this, must my time to exhale I've been waitin so damn long that this rap shit is stale Make it happen, in these streets kids is clappin Fuck this rappin, seein cheese hustlin crackin This formal drive seat recline, big wheelie man Doin scams for the rich and if it runs in my fam Cross roads, cross breeds, cross over weak mc's Horse man will always shine, never waste my time [E Money Bags] Crime relation got my niggaz time facin in the line pacin y'all All the gods this one for y'all I never forget it, three times a week on the visit Just tryin to hold my head until I see the death of these snitches I know some real ones on the run keepin touch with they bitches And you can feel what I'm sayin, I suggest that you listen A victim of circle stance the doe took me A circle plan design by devious minds to worship custom vans TV's with fuckin plans keepin them chicken cluckin him See me I'm buckin men, this life we stuck with him I know the way out theres light at the end of the tunnel Fray out if I have to, in a heart beat to clap you, a lap to Another chapter had to adapta This way of life in your paw, make sure you spray it right I know the game found my destiny, its best that we part Before I act like sex me god, bust off severely Make all my thugs feel me For the lost clues that make they news yearly [Nas] Jump on it, most of my days spent high My niggaz in the cage get by Writin letters collect calls and vias GED's, lock down earnin college degrees OG's who put us up on more G How what if I would of stayed school for another grade What I would of knew would of got me more paid But I ain't mad, can't complain blew like NASA But what I would of learned might of got me here faster Cold days in the back of the train Passengers faces reveal laughter, while some show pain Blind man come and ask for some change Now I'm in the Range or airplane, it ain't a fair game How I end up, Benz truck with my ends up To prove city housin, wheres plenty wildin But there's many thousands of us prepared to do whatever The higher power ask of us, flesh to ashes To dust so the whole world hear us, don't you want it nigga? [Chorus: Nas] Want it baby, I want it baby Don't go on it, your up on it baby Jump on it, jump on it, I want it baby You want it baby, I want it baby Jump on it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Big Punisher, Jadakiss, Nas, Raekwon Album: Don Cartagena Song: John Blaze Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Nas My stripes show like regiments, military intelligence Murder game, I leave no evidence -- credentials Go ask my pre-school, even talk to my old principal He'd tell you how you I used to pack a No. 2 pencil Stabbin students, grabbin teachers, Catholics, preachers In the school staircase, cuttin class, passin my reefer In my own class, operation return, they tried to say I was incompetent, not able to learn The table turned now, got my own label to earn Like that nigga said in _Dead Presidents_, money to burn Queensbridge, pay homage, respect Nas is the vet Acknowledge the rep, polish baguettes, niggaz is dissin that I'm just the best, puttin all violence to rest between Latin Kings the blood _los sangres_, blood in Spanish So many thugs vanish, unite the system to fight with inner street wisdom, to help teach a prison Verse Two: Big Punisher My crew puff lye, anyone test the Pun must die Just give me one try -- 'Now you know you done fucked up right?' Hah, you ain't got no wins in my casa Que te pasa, you ain't even in my clasa I hate a actor that plays a rapper I'm Terror Squad beta kappa everybody's favorite rapper Grand imperial college material insane criminal The same nigga who known to blow out your brain mineral I reign subliminal inside your visual Try to supply your physical with my spiritual side of this lyrical I'll appear in your dreams, like Freddie do, no kidding you Even if I stuttered I would still sh-sh-sh-shit on you Soon as I chitter chatter you shitter shatter, I'm the kid out of Bronx, that'll stomp you to death like it didn't matter I'm even better than before, iller metaphors Killers bet it all on Pun, cause one verse, dead em all Chorus: scratches by DJ Spinbad J-J-J-John Blaze Ja-Ja-ah-John Bla-Blaze J-Ja-J-Ja, John Blaze "Johnny Blaze ain't a damn thing changed!" --> Method Man Verse Three: Jadakiss Aiyyo my attitude is subject to change, I mess around and spit twelve at the driver's side door of your Range Six hit you, the other six, up in your dame Mafia style, leave you with your watch and your chains Take heed that, not only can I flow I can aim cause y'all misdemeanor niggaz can't stand the reign Better believe that, whenever I see y'all I'ma test ya Only cause I know that faggots respect pressure Hardcore, like shit you get, kicked out the yard for 'Kiss ain't the cops, but I lock niggaz up You could meet me in my cell I soak and sock niggaz up Far as the flow go, you could let your dough show Put your money on the table, we could battle on cable Y'all hot dog niggaz get nathans Fuck around with Jason, that shorty from The Lox, John Blazin Verse Four: Raekwon My son cool out (what) don't beef yo, throw the tool out Let's run these niggaz, kidnap they work, make em move out Crushed hash, hands is like glass, keep the heat in the dash, did some dirt for some work, caught a gash The flicker blocker, wicked sneaker rocker footwear Strike me out God, stackin up joints, rack em like Footlocker This is raw, raw like fuck kid, represent Here to Crenshaw, hold my words stronger than a Benz stall Relentless, the anthology consolidated with the quickness, dress up in the wig and blouse, killer sickness Lex, imagination large, gold cards Beat the bogus squad brains that connect put on the Older God Specialist, iciclist, Woolridge collar Feelin the rich, work for every dollar don't snitch, that's why broke niggaz who got heart God, sign em up Start the wind up, we John Blazin, Don up in the line up Chorus Verse Five: Fat Joe It's simple mathematics, you gotta love us Cause Joey Crack plus gat equals a lotta dead motherfuckers Just when you thought I was done, I recruited Pun Terror Squad Enterprise, undisputed Dunn I'm from the slums where it's worse, bust with guns til it hurts for fuckin with my funds on the first And go to church like a mobster Discuss your death over shrimp and lobster, with my Cuban partners Lucas with the cartridge, twenty shot Run up on any block, disrespect any cop Used to run many spots, now I own shops Gortex with the lot, five sixty-four bills a pop I'm hot, who wanna get burned? I fire one in your knot and watch your whole fuckin head turn You best learn to parlay, I've had a hard day Fuck around with the Don and get John Blazed Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Foxy Brown f/ The Firm Album: I'll Be 12" Song: La Familia Verse One: Foxy Brown Ill Na Na cap 'em, the Firm team can stop 'em 36 moves, 37 ways triple days triple pays Na Na, Fox Boogie Firm momma, kineiver Lady Gadiva, like Scarlet whichever O'Hara It's hazardous, we lays the lazarus Dip and probably find her behind the liner, three na na So what the deal, God I kill for these three for real You soar cause you bustin' off shit to get ya rocks off The therough, the crime organized mad deniro And six point one five desero like hero' Team let's roll on 'em, watch 'em turn bitch 'Mega stole on 'em, that's how we play this I slay this, copped the pair of fours fucked the draws Really, his pretty had the nigga leary Mad dipped in, Nas you flipped this Sos with VSO's twisted, from seperate the real from the fucked up We switch up, I gave the stroke though Ill skin color coco, we loco love is love talk the tre` ocho Status Illmatic, whatever raw dealer for real-a Baby girl, yet it's La Familia I die in a minute for 'em, so side dipped  The four poin six range rover the feelin' over From Castilano to Columbo, easy the Genevezy Firm stay jigged in trash and pass, I swear You know the lose there, straight cop threes Can't knock thees and drop threes, we cop cheese Verse Two: Nature Peace and diagnosis, properly supply the dosage Leave them stuck like parol niggaz and breathes the focus Nigga when I squeeze ya pleads is hopeless, we wet though I jet from the block, niggaz can spot me like UFO's Dressed the low, jumped in the Q front for who? No need to stress it though, smokin' my dope countin' decimals Recognize this, real thugs respect violence The 1-9-9-6, some are rather dry snitch Coruptfully, my whole team recieve ???? to be Some are spare guns, shootin' fair ones in the public streets Believe the worst, so it seems the whole team is cursed We totured, drain the whole heat and squeeze first Never ending tales, when niggaz fall but some prevail They fake, callin' us together like four Navy war seals Must I start pullin' jooks or place my trust in God Force to cover my face, cameras held the case can solve Ya faith disolves when hump against the next coming For now I focus on Nature, bet I win something Verse Three: Nas Escobar I die for my niggaz, stick you for pies and lie for my niggaz Plead guilty and get the chair and fry for my niggaz It's essential that we all is there like ya mental We've been through life, cold blood living simple Though we learned from old dogs that made it, peeped who they played it We rated and then evaluated, calculated age is weepy The days that we see chips freely, beyond whips and TVs Stock bonds, Lou flipped the CDs  Niggaz hate to see you on top, they'd rather be you what not I keep the dessert evil poncot, spot the Vickidees guy quick While poppin' shit that leave ya shot quicker than a hop skip Specialize in fly shit, bs on my breath while niggaz gossip On the tostic, I'm on some doe or die shit Verse Forus: Az the Vizuliza Check my lingo and all the white ice that make my rings glow I've seen doe, got a dime wife who Sandimingo Face it it's mathematics, basics far from fake shit My mind is sacred, my spins shine like a cuban braclet Egyptian pharoah, roll the coke that used to give me powder Now I enhale from ???? buckshots through my double barrel Beneath the town is how it's sounds travels, so what have you? Keep minds bests, never stopping until they grab you Used to bust shit down wit' test stocks and trust funds Cheese and CDs so my seed can so touch some, the foulness I once provoked is now behind me, it gonna take more than sellin' coke To now to bind me, you had me thinkin' I got to push leek To keep from sinking, that can out way life That keep live niggaz from linkin', I saw it coming That's why slowed down from from dumbin', most of my crew was runnin' Can't even afford a summons The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freddie Foxxx a.k.a. Bumpy Knuckles f/ Nas Album: Turn Up the Mic 12" Song: Turn Up the Mic Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Intro: Nas] I only fuck with my niggaz, I gotta keep it tight With my big brother, Bumpy Knuckles We gon' ride on these niggaz my nigga, huh Turn up the mics, yeah, lets get crazy, nigga, what Turn up the mics, y'all bitch-ass niggaz is Swayze Check it out [Verse 1: Nas] I'm Nasty but fuck bitches, handcuff snitches Feed they nuts to pit bulls and plan more business Got sluts on leashes walkin on all fours Have 'em eatin from dog bowls pettin' they heads Cause they love playin that role they sexy in bed Smokin bud' I'm outta control wish death on the feds Cup spills with Grey Goose watchin snuff films Laughin with dykes that wear patent leather with spikes My cheddar is right, Miami beach playin it low St. Barts rent a house and a boat Two hundred thou' on my throat That's only half of what my wife ice cost Phonecall, hearin another boss got his life lost Well, wipin' sand off of my toes Read a book called "Catcher in the rye", I chose Some Bob Marley then I plotted a scheme To make me and Bump Knux more rich Then I got me a team, he got 'em a team He tryin to buy G-force with missile launchers Tired of walkin' around with beef, with that pistols on us C-4's better I'm callin up some b-more killers To come and bleed you As sure as the sun's in the sky you'll surely die You washed up, fuck your people Your money ain't as long as mine you dumb and you foul Who you tryin to squeeze all this fuck with Alzheimer's disease We the new breed, nigga [Chorus: Nas (& Freddie Foxxx)] Turn up the mics, Uh holler at somebody real Turn out the lights, Bump Knux, God's Son get it right motherfucker Turn up the mics (Aha yeah turn the motherfuckers up) Turn out the lights (That's right ya'll know why, I tell you why) Suicide suicide [Verse 2: Bumpy Knuckles] It's Bump I'm rowdy I'm wild I'm crazy I'm sick I talk slick Name brand bitches all on my dick I don't trip I meet bitches in this game that got pretty famous names All that projects' pussy, nigga, all the same We gangsters, we keepin it hardcore keep it street Keepin guns and microphones, be keepin heat I'm the unsquashable beef I put it in your rider That means that every show I be layin in your dressing room Next to the Henney Rock two times .20 cocked I'm a cold assed nigga that keep shit plenty hot My bubble goose is stocked with double truth For you old-assed gangsters and you troubled youth Knowin ; I hate cops and niggaz with cop friends And still by weight in the hood they drop ends With little marks on 'em scratched by the eye You hand me a twenty, you must wanna die Nigga, I won't remake a Pac record or say a Biggie verse And I shoot you without smokin a Ziggy Marley first God's Son we hot in here Bravehearts we hot in here, niggaz they got to fear! [Outro: Nas] Turn up the mics, yeah lets get crazy, nigga whut Turn up the mics, y'all bitch ass niggaz is Swayze Check it out Turn up the mics, yeah lets get crazy, nigga whut Turn up the mics, y'all bitch ass niggaz is Swayze Check it out Turn up the mics, yeah lets get crazy, nigga whut Turn up the mics, y'all bitch ass niggaz is Swayze Shh Artist: The Game f/ Nas Album: L.A.X. Song: Letter to the King Typed by: fywhla@yahoo.com [The Game] Second floor of my hotel, I'm rollin' up bout to blaze And zone out, to this Frankie Beverly and Maze As I daze about the past, and them days in the past He set my mom free, so my mom free at last So much that I don't even drink from a fuckin' glass I'd rather find the first fountain I can and do it fast Didn't understand the dream of a King, do the math Coincidentally on your birthdays I ditched the class Cause the younger me, dumber me was chasin' the cash Chasin' the ass, lowlife with his face in the grass Ridin' home from school, in front of the bus Not even thinkin' bout how Rosa Parks done it for us How she stayed behind bars and she done it for us And she stayed behind bars 'til she won it for us Sometimes I wanna give up or at least take a break That's when I close my eyes and see Coretta Scott's face...  Cause sometimes I wanna give up and at least take a break That's when I close my eyes and see Coretta Scott's face...  *singing* [Nas] Standin' at the pew, panaramic view of the seating and greeting I've been meanin' to do me some letter reading to the King, he forever breathin', your message is never leavin' Some of your homies phonies, I should've said it when I see them Them sleazy bastards, some greedy pastors, jerks Should never be aloud at Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta So people be patient, I know this ghetto grammar But I'm a street dude, normally I just speak rude Martin Luther, the martyr, the trooper, hate killed him Nobel Peace Prize winner, they duplicate your feelin' As a kid I ain't relate really I would say your dream speech jokingly, 'til your world awoke in me First I thought you were passive, soft one who ass kissed I was young but honest, I was feelin' Muhammad I ain't even know the strength you had to have the march You was more than just talk, you the first real Braveheart, we miss you...  Feel like King be in me sometimes *singing* [The Game] The word nigger, is nothin' like nigga Don't sound shit alike - like Game, like Jigga One came before the other, like aim and pull the trigga One is slang for my brother, one is hang and take a picture The rope ain't tight enough, he still alive, go fix it Pour some gasoline on him, call his daughters black bitches Make 'em pick cotton, while they mama cleanin' up the kitchen Same cotton in white T's, that's the cotton they was pickin' If Dr. King marched today would Bill Gates march? I know Obama would but would Hilary take part? Great minds think great thoughts The pictures I paint, make the Mona Lisa look like fake art I feel the pain of Nelson Mandela Cause when it rains it pours, I need Rihanna's "Umbrella" for Coretta Scott's tear drops, when she got the phone call that the future just took a fuckin' head shot...  I wonder why Jesse Jackson ain't catch him before his body dropped Would he give me the answer? Probably not...  *singing* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ M.O.B., Nas Album: You Know What it Is Volume 3 Song: M.O.B. Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Aiyyo whassup Game This the biggest boss in New York, Nas Whattup my nigga I love what you doin out there man New York got'chu, Queensbridge got'chu Do the damn thing We'll probably do some shit that'll scare the shit outta y'all Nas y'all [Verse One: M.O.B.] Money Over Bitches, yeah Watch it, when I hop out, 38 and a knockout The studio on lockout like the day they let 'Pac out Back to drop out, store the blockout Homies say the cops out, stash spot got popped out Grind 'til I clock out, tick tock out Shake shakin them haters off, runnin a hot route Get my Mike Williams on, homey do not doubt #1 in Southern Cal', knowhatI'mtalkinbout? Suckers up top on, shut 'em out of the pros But runnin the fo'-fo' open them do's Run and gun how I 'em them shows When they see he can ball, let the cold flow open them hoes I'm here, so go against my arrival is suicidal Homicidal dynamic certifiedal my mob or die crew You niggaz been lied to, we the best that did it since Big was wit it and don't forget it (M.O.B.) ("It's the real..") Money Over Bitches, the new edition ("This.. is a DJ Ski exclusive") ("The real..") Money Over Bitches, and we the new edition ("Hip-Hop..") [Verse Two: M.O.B.] Yeah, yeah, it's the mob nigga, ha ha Ay Tec I get these G-Unit niggaz trippin Talkin shit 'bout niggaz like they can't come up missin Ay look I'm here so you don't get the story twisted When I catch him slippin I'ma gun him down homey pay attention You niggaz fin' to pay a visit, with readmission What'chu know about cemetaries and morticians? Know dat, can't run or escape like lo-jacks With bullets that I aim cock spit and throw back I'm Mr. Lemonhead on your block in a gold 'llac Escaped from Death Row so stop askin where Suge at You niggaz need your minerals, vitamins, three chemicals Lyrically invincible spittin repeated principles I'm killin you, I ain't feelin you meanin a war Cause when we mob through the door, e'rybody on the floor It's the mob {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: the Game feat. Jim Jones, Snoop Dogg, Nas, T.I., Fat Joe, lil Wayne NORE, Jadakiss, Styles P, Fabolous, Juelz Santana, Rick Ross, Twista, Tha Dogg Pound, WC, E-40, Bun B, Chamillionaire, Slim Thug, Young Dro, The Clipse, Ja Rule Album: One Blood 12" Song: One Blood (Remix) Typed by: rishi_brar@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Jim Jones Intro] Uh huh... Jones, Dipset... Byrdgang, bitch You know what it is When you see me two twelvin you homie You bitch niggaz keep triple ninin, have some integrity, bitch [Jim Jones] BALLLLLIN' Peace blood, peace almighty We all thugs and we run the streets nightly And get my lawyer, why? Cause I ain't coppin' out And I fuck wit b-boys who bring them choppers out One shot of that will have the boys bring the coppers out And we ballin, for all the toys is what we hoppin out My feary side, where we ride And we all fly high in the Leer G5's So, twist ya fingers up and bang, mufucka bang! Get ya money up, this cane is what we fuckin slang! And a 9 trey is what I fuckin' claim! It's Dipset Capo the Don of the Byrdgang! [Snoop Dogg] They call the D-O-Dub... wasn't really trippin cause 21, 20 crips and all of us is crippin, cuz We from a different street, all got that different heat But when we move the macs for Game, we on the same beat So if you fuck with blood, then you fuck wit us And we ain't bustin duds, watch out, cause we bustin slugs We sure to stay in touch and clean your mess up And if you from the West Coast, my nigga... w-w-w-w-WESTSIDE! [Nas] Game got at me about the remix, its an honor my nigga I made rap, one blood, that say I'm signin wit Jigga I got rappers gettin mad at me I got these new jack rappers tryin to clap at me I got these corny wannabe, diss-song kings on the radio Talkin bout how they gon spray, and take me away But I'm the true living, legend, I'm not to be questioned Have your whole hood holler shit about my progression [T.I.] You knowin my attitude shitty, only a buck fifty So I keep the smitty's wit me, shit, how many wit me? What, you scared? I'm prepared, in the MALL AND ALL! Wit two two's, you can call me QUICK DRAW McGRAW! Bitch, I'ma cut that fool, better CALL THE LAW! I start sprayin, make fuck nigga FALL AND CRAWL! I press play like Puff, no PAUSE AT ALL! Choppin holes in ALL THE WALLS, that's ALL THEY SAW! [The Game] Hip-Hop ain't dead, it just took a couple shots I bring it back to life, give it a couple shots The kings comin, no, I'm not Jay-Z Too many niggaz hate me, but they scared to face me This ain't a movie dog, no, not Waist Deep I'm not an actor, but I'll show your bitch Big Meek She givin one blood, one love, on dubs 140 thousand the first week... UHHH! [Fat Joe] All these niggaz wanna front trill with them stiff faces Till them niggaz lyin still up in stiff cases Within styrofome... and embalmin fluid I been gone too long and I'm down to lose it Somebody go and get this nigga a pint box And I ain't just talkin about a measly nine shots Yeah I'm chopper happy and my wrist loose Call me Goldie, I'll smack your bitch too! [Lil' Wayne] 504 gangsta, New Orleans soldier Bangin underwater, fuck around and soak ya Louisiana gunner, I'm bout my holster And if you gettin greasy, I'm an ulcer I'm bickin back, bein bool on the Eastside Or New Orleans where the bloods at the bee hive Ain't nothin sweet unless its presidential Cause that is where I sleep, now give me my key! [N.O.R.E.] New York get the blood money, dirty cash - still sweet We will black wall street by the swapmeet with heat Def Jam, they gonna flop him and Reggaeton ain't hot in The building no more... It's OKAY! I GET IT POPPIN! Back to the forest trees for deep, these little me's Who took believers an opportunity to breathe And you ain't gotta go overseas to see our rap shit You can come to left, round Queens and get jacked quick [Jadakiss & Styles P] (One blood) we used to the spillin (Came from the hood) so we used to the killin Used to the black males (makin cracksales in the buildin) (How else you get the benz) with the suede on the ceiling? (Blood in) blood out (me and homie) back to back (Both loaded workin) we about to pitch a (shut out) I'm New York's king, (I'm New York's hardest nigga) Anything in between's a (motherfuckin' target, nigga) D-B-(L-O-)C-K, (he spray) The hawk'll find a nice home (right where your cheeks stay) We got a mean team, (Hip-Hop dream team) Them boys is only in the projects on (green screen) Yeah, no security, (I'll put you on the respirator) I'm the bomb, (I'm the mothafuckin detonator) One (dutch), one (bud), one (burner), one (slug) Want a couple casualties, but we'll settle for just (one blood) [Fabolous] WHAT IT LOOK LIKE? All I say at most Shooters waitin on the word... JUST SAY IT LOS! I let these niggaz live, yes, I saw 'em pull the plug Havin goons pullin gloves, leave the room full of slugs Catch me trafficin, on maroon colored dubs Couple Africans, with balloons full of drugs If they like me, tell 'em line up While I sit behind team, point 'em out like a line up [Juelz Santana] Mic check, one two, one two, check I'm strapped, you strapped, let's play two on two Let's go, you're eyein us in the iron bus, BOOM! Leak ya, two liters of red juice, hawaiian punch So what you boys gon do to me? I'm born street Your life's sweet, MTV's Laguna Beach (damn!) Mama told me not to play with fire but She never told me I would grow to be a liar [Rick Ross] One love to the gangs, but I'm in the thangs Save the colors for the cars, see we kill for the fame (Ross) The boss made it, yeah, we floss flagrant Shame how I lost your life savings up in Las Vegas (Ross) I'm a heavy better, I'm a heavy seller Keep white in the office call it Jerry Heller Lettin off a hundred rounds, let the barrel pick And we gon sit here, wait for the derrelics [Twista] Bitch I got lords and gangstas, show me where them niggaz at Chi got two six's and kings, show me where them killas at Chi got them ballas and hustlers, show me where them figures at Game, where them triggers at? Aim at them fitted caps! He got the clips, I got the scope, let's get them choppers, nigga He got the kush, I got the dope, let's get it poppin, nigga Hurt him in that cherry six fo, shit ain't no stoppin, nigga Hit him in the head and the body with a bullet When I put him in the cemetary then I gotta holler out! [Daz] WHATTUP CUZ?!?! [Kurupt] Yeah rollin with two grips Glock holdin on the hip, rollin wit two clips Got two tiny locos ready to take trips Shake and make trips, high stakes to take grips But they know what's crackin cuz, cause as we huddle They hold cards down, nigga, like spades and pinochle West coast gang bang, riders erasin em Got funny niggaz raisin up and riders replacin em, cuz! [Daz Dillinger] Draped in blue, notorious gangsta crew RIP for niggaz who don't stay true Deep down in the crevices, see the jets veteran Dwellin in the land of the gang bang with fleshin I'm legendary, yes, yes, a westcoaster Throwin up two C's, wit two guns in my holster I'm from Long Beach city, a crip next to Compton Down wit my nigga Game, if you niggaz want problems From the streets to the suites, anywhere we can meet ????? to Compton, Slauson Swap Meet Worldwide, get swept away by the tide By G's, and BG's, O.G's, its time to RIIIIDE! [WC] Who the rider, looter through the gutter mayne? Trued up in them Carolina blue Hurricanes! From the westside, strivin to dead em Where them killers throw that third letter up Like Raymond Washington and Tookie Williams Blue jeans, blue strings, blowin blueberry green Cadillac on blue D's and a blue T Money thick as blue cheese, chunkin up the dub What the west be without Snoop and Dub C and one blood? [E-40] The Bay Area, fuckers, we pop em Open you up if you got a problem Up top, born in Cali-forn-ia Clean your clock, open your can of tuna Make a choice to see the hell or it's heaven Get your chest layed out wit the FM 57 This ain't nothin to do with nobody But in the Yay, there ain't nuttin to do but catch bodies [Bun B] I'm comin straight outta PAT, like Compton in all black But when we say what it do, they never say holla back Bun B, the uh, OG like '95 Air Max Neon green outta fight club off a fair facts Ask the hundreds, it's doable, I done done it At the summit of rap and I'm watchin you haters plummit Run to it or run from it, to Bun it don't differ Wipe the streets with ya like you a swiffer as a gifter, one blood! [Chamillionaire] I'm the realest youngster thats breathin, and I don't gotta give a reason Chamillionaire a millionaire, y'all competin to be competin! My purpose is to get the cheese and as a purpose that should defeatin So shut your mouth, have a seat and be quiet till I finish eatin My label tells me I'm greedy, hoggin all the room on your tv Like +Eric+ they think its +Eazy+, but it isnt easy believe me Need to make a room in B.E. television if you wanna be me Game said he made room for Jeezy, I had to make room for me, G! [Slim Thug] Its one blood if you blood or cuz From that number one thug, its still one love I rep my blue boy team but I do it for green I do it for my folks, vice lords and kings All us trappers, future rappers, standin out on the blocks Tryna get up out the hood mayne, and stack 'em a knot Put ya sets in the air, scream fuck the cops! We gon rep for the hood mayne, like it or not! [Young Dro] My feed mashable, murders are catastrophical Cars is improbable, I'm overcomin obstacles Trappin, I made it logical, my topic is impossible I got a partner named Shoe Strang, cause shorty real crossable Shark meat to Papadough's, cars be tropical All guns choppable, all blocks are mobbable I am unstoppable, my calico is toxable Lyrically diabolical, cushion is not ??? [The Clipse] Red rum, red rum (such power in the tongue) Never in the wildest, (was he talkin to them) Style on niggaz, (but feel it to the numb) Japanese thread, (brought flavor to these bums) Consider me the savior, (look what the lord gave ya) My celebrated presence (like the return of Rayful) Frolic in the snow, so playful (And revivin the track) like we flowin through jumper cables (What duo) you know (get XXL kudos) while coppin off Coolio (Classic shit) we mastered this, (left for dead) I'm back, (I'm Lazareth) [Ja Rule] Shit, one trip, one blood, LA, New York The Game, the Rule, one love, guns up Hands down, can't touch, the flow is a bit much The style, wanna keep up? I advise you to speed up With money movin like coke, these days gotta re-up G up, cop some heaters and dare a nigga to act up You see us, in dual seaters and throw it up! Its all hood, niggaz rep your sets if your cuz or (blood) ...Niggaz, we all bleed! These niggaz can't breathe Only because the guns are drawn and aimed to part Niggaz that got bullets with names on them! Want em, come get 'em niggaz, y'all know where to get at me Look at me, now pass me, maybe you can be half me You bastards, I'm laughin, bullets stickin in family Who sadly gets torn between one crip and one (blood) Y'all niggaz know me, haha... yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Marsha Ambrosia (Floetry), Nas Album: Doctor's Advocate Song: Why You Hate the Game Typed by: rioizumi@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus - Marsha Ambrosia] To everybody who knows my story To all of those who came before me My time is now I'm gon' do it all over again Ain't nothin' new ain't 'bout to change I'm still gonna do it my way Yeah I still remain So tell me why you hate the game? So tell me why you hate the game? This time I do it better just because [Nas] Y'all know what it is The streets named me Illmatic but yet I'm still at Yeah haters [Verse 1 - Nas] Felon... fights behind me on the intersection Sex and drugs my anthology on perfection Dress superb admired by conspirists Who wanna try me but ain't high enough to 4-5 me up Child of the 80s... y'all niggas is lazy Complainin' 'bout labor pains nigga show me the baby And my nigga Game light another L pass the bottle Pro-black I don't pick cotton out a aspirin bottle Yeah I learned my lessons and heard y'all snitchin' Witnessin' you rockin wit' narcs confirmed my suspicion Green fatigues on my niggas I'll bleed for 'em I can show 'em the water but can't make 'em drink it And I can show them my fortunes but can't force 'em think rich And still I ??? board 'em wonderin' if they sink quick Ignore the ignorance I rep the brilliance of Queensbridge And pray the feds let Murder Inc. live [Chorus 2 - Marsha Ambrosia] To everybody who knows my story To all of those who came before me My time is now I'm gon' do it all over again (so how?) Ain't nothin' new ain't 'bout to change I'm still gonna do it my way Yeah I still remain So tell me why you hate the game? Oh no I never lost I do it just because So tell me why you hate the game? This time I do it better just because [The Game] I don't talk about my guns nigga I Just Blaze [Verse 2 - The Game] 'Pac is watchin' B.I.G. is listenin' While Pun talkin' to us Jam Jay still spinnin' To every nigga listenin'... I was supposed to be Amongst kings my mom shouted out at my christenin' And while you still listenin' Shyne locked in a manhole And Cam got shot inside his Lambo it's ample Life is a gamble... 15 years old red rag around my head My sisters used to laugh and call me Rambo Seen Eazy's legacy melt away like a candle I rekindle the flame Dre created The Game Nigga Wit a Attitude from the cloth I came Young homie ate his way up from the bottom of the food chain Keep the crown clown I rock a L.A. Dodger fitted Showed my ass at Summer Jam but New York was down wit' it Now the ball's in my court never dribble out of bounds wit' it Behind the back to Nas he alley oop to Jigga nigga [Chorus 2 - Marsha Ambrosia] [Verse 3 - The Game] Check it.. Me and Nasty puffin it's a classic trust me How he gon' pass the dutchie to them niggas that don't love me I'm talkin' niggas that never wanted to see me on top Same niggas that never wanted to see The Doctor's Advocate drop Flop I think not... I fuck you rap niggas like virgins Dre took my trainin' wheels off it's curtains I don't need no encore no claps no cheers The Game ain't over this the beginning of my career The endin' of yours the endin' of his Like Flavor Flav's clock I'm back to handle my biz Nigga it's Game time that was Dre's favorite line Back when Proof was in the booth and I recited his lines And I still think about my nigga from time to time Make me wanna call 50 and let him know what's on my mind But I just hold back 'cause we ain't beefin' like that He ain't B.I.G. and I ain't 'Pac we just eatin' off rap One love [Chorus 2 - Marsha Ambrosia] [Just Blaze] It ain't over... Ladies and gentleman.. I go by the name of the one and only... Just Blaze... I got a couple people in the house with me... Usually we do this at the beginning but we gon' do it at the end this time... I wanna take you to church real quick... So I'mma need some help I need 1500 or Nothin' wit' me... The wonderful talents of Marsha Ambrosia from Floetry... Ah yeah there we go... The sun is shinin' downon us right now we feelin' real good we know y'all do too... So if you feelin' good sing along clap along... stomp along... catch a lil' Holy Ghost... and if you ain't feelin' good God willin'... By the end of this record He gon' change all that... Ayo Lorenz you ready? There it is pass me them drumsticks... Alright everybody please join in... ya life ain't good you can get it right take this opportunity to do so... And ummm... I'mmalet it do what it do... rest in peace to Georgia Elliott... here we go! [Choir in the background during Just Blaze] And the sun shines with you [Continues throughout with ad-libs by Marsha] [The Game] I wanna thank everybody for comin' out... God bless... One love... Good night... Or good day if you on the other side of the globe... Yo Just we on the move with this shit... Doctor's Advocate... See you on the third album... hate it or love it... [Choir continues with ad-libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Harlem World f/ Carl Thomas, Nas Album: The Movement Song: You Made Me Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Mase] Let's get it on [Carl Thomas] 1 - 	You made me 	You made me 	You made me the way I am today 	You're the reason why 	I live how I live 	Cuz you made me the way I am [Huddy Comb] First of all, I was the worst of all The first born, took my first breath, it was on And thanks to my moms, and some help from Nickie Bonds I was raised in ways of a Don, they gas me like Exxon Had me dealin' with ex cons, frontin' with they Rolex on Get sexed on a regular basis, grown women puttin' they faces In all the wrong places, molesting me, now you see why my destiny Was fucked up cuz my recipe But I blame my mother cuz I can't blame no other And that's how my game was discovered My mom was a sucker, did that bullshit to my brother But no matter what, I'mma love her She gave me life, even though she got high undercover If she die, I can't find me another But look what you made me Repeat 1 [Meeno] Yeah, you made me this way, since the day I was born When you slid on that crack shit, mom be strong 'Fore long, I realized the same old song Another cat that done bounced on his kid and his spouse At the beginning, I knew my pops just had to be kidding He's coming back any day, he wouldn't leave us that way But anyway, the time got longer, my anger got stronger It's no time to wonder the money I hunger Without a blunder, I vowed to be all I could be Started running guns O.T., me and my code D.  Leave from the backstreets of A-T-L to N-Y-C When the gunspot got hot, I switched to the D When the D spot got hot, I went low key Now that Harlem World spot hot, and I'm on TV I don't need no fake calls from yo' ass at all Just leave me the way you left me and watch me ball Repeat 1 [Nas] What, what, uh You the reason And I thank you, what Check it out Yo, yo, stormy night, September '73 Would you believe what my mom recieved from heaven was me? Second from me, my younger brother desperate as me We see the world alike, type of girls he likes, the girls I like The shit that make him mad, it make me hype, bug like that Share the same blood like that, grew up around thugs poppin' and shit Cardboard boxes of shit, dirt bikes But now we hoppin' whips and merc, right? Money's my birthright, my righteous birth so I floss It's up to you to look inside yourself, see what's yours  Consecutive times, New Year's Eve, light off nines in the skylines Imaginary graves, poor the Henney on it Share with my dogs who's here, cuz there's so many gone Yeah, Meeno, Ill Will, all my people Big Stretch, we'll never forget, Allah keeps you Until we meet again, through my pen y'all can speak through, uh Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hi-Tek f/ Busta Rhymes, Common, J Dilla, Nas & Marsha Ambrosius (Floetry) Album: Hi-Teknology 2: The Chip Song: Music For Life Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com **NEXT MESSAGE** [Message #1: J Dilla] Yo, I don't know where to start Uh, check it out, music is - my total existence, dawg, straight up Everything with my life revolves around music It's like... you can't get a relationship with.. I'm still with.. my first love which is music You'know'what'I'm'sayin'?, fo'real The reason I'm here is.. is J Dilla, just like that, peace **END OF MESSAGE** **PRE-SAVED, NEXT MESSAGE** [Verse One: Nas] Yea, yea It started with rhythms I heard listenin' to the wall The bouncin' of basketballs on playgrounds and all The empty bottles that's hollow, wind blowin' inside 'em The flow and the rhymin' got my alignment to a Science Mixin' with my moms in the kitchen, them spoons rattlin' Pots and pans, faucet water pourin', tunes managin' To come from all the fussin' and ramblin' What I noticed was -- pure music, untampered with By things show biz does; older thugs showed us stuff Like how to hold a plug, juice from the street light It almost could have blowed us up Crates of records, great sessions had the whole hood jammin' Large speakers, fresh made, smell the wood sandin' Father did his blues smooth, legendary jazz man Saw his wife secondary to his true passion Started with my crew rappin', new jacks in '82 Never looked back, now look what it changed me to.. music [Chorus #1: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] We gotta believe the future We gotta believe the past We gotta believe in more Didn't know that we had it We gotta believe each other We gotta open up our minds 'Cause music is for life.. for life **NEXT MESSAGE** [Verse Two: Hi-Tek] Uh, what's the difference between me and you? It's that I'm real kind show, this rap shit, I'd really do it My whole life man is really music Through my bass line, I'm livin' through it Another expression of life, I couldn't live without it I like my music pure, not watered down DAMN!, it felt good to fulfill the dreams of gettin' out the hood Kept me busy, gave me a chance to stop sellin' drugs Spinnin' time in the basement kept me from actin' up Zonin' out, wishin' Dre. could check it out I'm here now, I can't believe it, Proof in the puddin' Everything happened for a reason Through this music I'm able to feed the family When I'm stressed out, it's my insanity It's a life style, all in the streets and in Hollywood Music in my DNA, it's my livelihood.. music [Chorus #2: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] We gotta believe the children We gotta believe in hope We gotta believe in more Didn't know that we'd know See we gotta believe each other We gotta open up our minds 'Cause music is for life.. for life **NEXT MESSAGE** [Verse Three: Common] Keep the music alive The good and the strong survive I closed my eyes and imagined I was 'Jackson Five' Randy and Michael goin' through life cycle Music alive leader, let life go So vital to a youngster, comin' up amongst street hustlers The big be the toucher's, since such a special place Givin' the ghetto a taste of what freedom is like I reached a point in my life where I was needin' the mic No second guessin', self-expression in lessons learned Aggression, became sessions where sessions burned Put my soul into it, 'naw my feet is firm And the game, where name is hard to earn And hot cat's career gets scared and burn Through the years, mine took a Godly turn This is the story of my life here trapped in a verse No matter the money or the movies, music is first, yea.. [Chorus #1: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] [Chorus #2: Marsha Ambrosius of Floetry] **NEXT MESSAGE** [Message #2: Busta Rhymes] Ayo, Hi-Tek whattup?, you know who this is It's your boy Busta Bus down, Flip Mode Squad, aiight Now, you know, this is serious thing behind the music that we're doing It's like.. music, for me man, it mean, it means everything, feel me You know when we going through, our personal stripes in life You'know'what'I'm'sayin', we get up in that studio close that door, lock ourselves in, that little four-wall space man Get in the vocal booth and become whoever you wanna be Express whatever you wanna feel, you'know'what'I'mean? When you going through your most frustrating time in life You'know'what'I'm'sayin', you can realize that.. When you can't find nobody else to speak to You can speak through the music Help other people feel your pain, your struggle, your passion You'know, what you live and die for, your values in life You'know'what'I'mean?, music man Is the voice of every being in the Universe What God had provided for us to communicate, when all else fails It's what allows us to be able to connect With touching our hearts & the soul of the streets **FIRST SKIPPED MESSAGE** [Message #3: J Dilla] Yo, I'ma Rosemont legend nigga, I'ma felony nigga Keep rollin' the motha'fuckers in my nigga Like the bait, they..they.. hopin' on it When the bait go in nigga, they can't playa hate on it I'm comin' back niggaz, stronger than ever Watch this nigga, bony bones, clever if ever Playa hater, can't motha'fucker, fuck with this My baby momma even talk about my shit, haha I'm hotter than hot, hotter, what?, tell 'em boo (Hang up the damn phone), yea, I'm on, alright Bony bones in the house, nigga **END OF MESSAGE** The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ice Cube f/ Nas, Scarface Album: Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It (Remix) 12" Song: Gangsta Rap Made Me Do It (Remix) Typed by: DaSun Akbar Blame me... (*echo*) (Interlude) Cube You niggas know my pyroclastic flow You niggas know my pyroclastic flow (*echo*) You niggas know my pyroclastic flow It's R A W - R A W [Ice Cube] You're looking at the Grand Wizard War lord, vocal chord so vicious And I don't have to show riches To pull up pull off with some bad bitches And it ain't about shivery It's about dope lyrics and delivery It's about my persona Ain't nothing like a man that can do what he wanna Ain't nothing like man that you knew on the corner Seen 'em come up and fuck up the owner Seen 'em throw up Westside California Nigga I'm hot as Phoenix Arizona I'm Utah, I got multiple bitches It's a new law, keep a hold of your riches Dumb nigga don't spend it as soon as you get it And recognize I'ma Captain, you're a Lieutenant (Chorus) Cube I can say what I want to say, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I call you a nigga, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it I can act like an animal, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I eat you like a cannibal, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it [Scarface] Nah nigga blame me, for severing cocaine to the geeks Gangbanging the streets, shooting guns where you sleep Putting niggas in sheets, the noose hung from the tree The corrupted police, I ain't denying it was me I'm the reason for the set back in blacks It's a natural fact, that gangsta rap did that I hope that Barack could pull the troops for Iraq 'Cause the truth is Iran, got them nuclear plants I can shoot me a cat in the head with a gat For a man that considers me a nigger when I'm back in the slums Waiting for a check like a bum Look how I did them niggas often numb Hard, I got the strolls full of hoes Liquor stores off the road Big church on the corner with a spot for my rose A glock for my foes, wiping snot from my nose I'm guilty of it all, but I am not 'fenna fold (Chorus) Cube So if I act like a pimp, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I call you a nappy headed hoe, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I shoot up your college, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I rob you of knowledge, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it [Nas] Uh, if they call you a nigger, ain't nuttin to it Tell 'em Nas made you do it Felonious, Thelonious Monk melodic; Monster Cody OG Hard as Rampart's police, warring like the ends was in Sunni I never pull my pants up, sagging my Gucci's, and what? I give a fuck who you bidded with, or where you cop coke The bitch you with or the reason you're not broke I don't count your money, don't want none of your smoke I don't feel your pain, I ain't none of your folk It's easy to put a gun in your throat But I ain't on that, trying to sip Colada's where it's warm at Cognac, crushed ice, y'all know how it is Elijah said - A women half your age plus seven years It's a plush way to live, this is for the blunted For the niggas who keep it one hundred Who're hunted by DA's and Judges (Chorus) Cube If I sell a liitle crack, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I die in Iraq, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I take you for granted, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it If I fuck up the planet, ain't nuttin to it Gangsta rap made me do it (Interlude) Cube You niggas know my pyroclastic flow You niggas know my pyroclastic flow (*echo*) You niggas know my pyroclastic flow It's R A W - R A W (Outro) Cube Oh yeah and another thing For all ya niggas that don't do gangsta rap Don't get on TV talking about gangsta rap 'Cause nine times at a ten you don't know the fuck you're talk about Talk about that bullshit rap you do Stay the fuck out of mines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Nas Album: Kiss Tha Game Goodbye Song: Show Discipline Typed by: Animlthg99@aol.com [Jadakiss] Yoooo!! uh, uh-huh, uh Yo yo yo yo aiyyo Never will it stop Hanguns with double digit shots I move work on other niggas blocks Leave out the club wit a another niggas watch Body that man and let other niggas watch Only thing worse than a coward, is a coward with power Gotta kill him in the shower, hour Beats is knockin, hooks is rare Earned my spot, nobody aint put me here Burnt my block, I had a fiend cookin wit beer Like the Bobby Womack of crack Might see me in the burgandy thing, or the black on black Matter of fact, go get ya chrome Cause I rather be, broke together than rich alone Clappin em' down, backin em' down (uh) Fuck what ever happened before, I'm whats happenin' now [Chorus: Nas (Jada)] Now gangstas live, gangstas die Grab ya guns, soldiers ride (show discipline nigga!) Kill ya moms, kill ya pops, kill ya seed Kill ya girl (Its principle nigga!) Sell ya crack, sell ya coke Sell ya E, sell ya smoke (you hustlin nigga!) Grab ya nine, grab ya pound Grab ya tec, grab ya pump (you bustin at niggaz!,wha) [Nas] We bravehearted, I had bitches tryin to posion me Niggaz who kilt loyalty Set me up, vested up my move accordingly I ducked icepicks and icesticks by cops who rookies Hard to be righteous, and when life can just stop for pussy Niggaz killin over hoes, guns concealed in their clothes Bodies at funerals, touch them they feel like they froze Speech, totally calm, holdin dead rappers dome in my palm Burnin flag, plus its on the qu'ran, its on the bible Plus america cause that every car thats drivin Holdin the homeless sign you focus you know its Nas then Prince of the globe, leave no prince of the toast Played with Ouija boards, burned frankencense wit a ghost I've learned, to do good plus a waste of evil And do what it takes to keep a smile on the face of my people I was raised by the apes in this dark creepshow, but yo [Jadakiss] yo yo yo yo yo yo Think bout when I splatter ya mask(yea) My niggas is happy, ya momma is sad If ya niggas is riders, the drama will last If ya niggas is snitch, been judgin my ass They said I'm too famous to run So when I empty out this clip, I'm changin the gun The realer the beef, the longer the clip Murder ya mans, I'm gone in the mist Call this girl after dark so we talked the bitch We aint care cause the whore wasnt shit Doll, I aint takin the L or waistin a shell I bring the heat like I'm satan itself Fuck if you hard, fuck if you soft, long as you lost Dick in the dirt, shit in ya drawers Ill make ya grandmother get on the floor Tie you up, then beat you to a pulp, say that this is a war If'n the four, mackin a pump, actin I dump Throw you out the window then act like you jump [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Nas Album: The Last Kiss Song: What If Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Jadakiss] Yo, take a second What if we could rewind the hood? Better yet, what if the Lox woulda signed wit Suge? What if Puffy neva signed us? What if Oprah made them comments like Imus? What if you designed us? Thought like I did, said it like this What if Payton was fightin' dogs instead of Mike Vick? What if Arnold woulda just let Tookie get Life? What if BIG missed the party? What if Pac missed the fight? What if you was caged in? What would you change then? What if there was no Rockefeller law for made men? What if hate ran thru me? And what if Portland woulda drafted Jordan instead of Sam Bowie? What if you really had to be nice to get a deal? What if all of these rappers ice was really real? What if I hit you wit the razor from cheek to chin? What if Mike Jackson neva woulda bleached his skin? (Hook) Jadakiss 2x What if you neva knew things that you needed to know? What if you neva been places you needed to go? What if you get there and learn them as you go? What if is the question, can I ask them once more? [Jadakiss] What if the pain went away? What if you changed in a day? What if you could eliminate all the games people played? What if Shyne beat the case? What if Diddy did a dime flat? What if Nelson Mandela could give his time back? What if Malcolm was silent? What if Martin was violent? What if you could really sneak an Uzi on the Island? Yeah, what if I make you kiss the nina? What if a brick was only just a misdemeanor? What if Manhattan was hit by Hurricane Katrina? What if a Black man was the one controllin' FEMA? What if we ain't neva let emotions come between us? What if the last time we rode somebody seen us? (Hook) Jadakiss 2x [Nas] Yo, I flow calm but don't push What if Saddam hung Bush? What if 'One Mic' was called one hook? What if the Bridge neva showed me how to hold a weapon? What if I ran up in that sick shit wit no protection? What if I neva wore an Army jacket? Carhartt to match it, unlaced Timbs The hood on my first album cover under plastic What if I was another corny rapper? What if I went instead of Notorious? Who would tell my story after? What if I love less and lust more? If Obama was on Rushmore Would Ali give Tyson a bust jaw? What if I neva glared out that project window? Would neva be scared for the life of me and my kinfolk What if that gun pin broke? I would neva linked back in the Enzo, all red What if real niggas was all dead? What if Hilary and them was Reptilian? And 2012 was the end of men and all world civilians? (Hook) Jadakiss 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jadakiss f/ Common, Nas, Styles P, Anthony Hamilton Album: Why Remix 12" Song: Why (Remix) Typed by: Ydog88@yahoo.com [Intro - Anthony Hamilton] All that I'm given It's this pain that I'm living (The Remix, The Remix) They got me in the system Why they gotta do me like that [Styles P] Why is garbage music selling a lot Why is the music industry state of mind real far from Hip Hop Why vote republican if you black Why build more jails, less schools cause we under attack Why I keep the fo' pound in the air The revolution will not be televised if around here Why keep my right fist in the sky I let them know that "We Gonna Make It," don't plan our demise Why you gotta teach your kids on your own Cuz when you get in the zone, they bringing you in, you both getting cloned Why we still gotta pray to Allah It's Hip Hop, this the New World Order and they playin us hard Why rappers getting protection Why the country ain't flipped when they jerked the votes the last election Why die for all my beliefs I gotta look at my kids I rather smile then cry when he's sleep That's why [Chorus - Anthony Hamilton] Why Why they got me strugglin, why All the brothas caught behind bars Drained up in the system going crazy I'm battling my pistol going why [Common] Why do they say I changed for a girl Why you worried bout my clothes if my flow gonna change the world Why you wait till you 30 then try to be hard Why I gotta have religion if I believe in God Why is Bush acting like he trying to get Osama Why don't we impeach him and elect Obama Why ain't Rick James remembered for classic hits Why do we remember Rick for smackin a bitch Why did Ricky Williams retire, they mad at Miami Why did Justin sell Janet out and go to the Grammy's Why you kill on every song, why you frown at discriminance So many thrones, why we argue who is the King Why it's over for gangsta, why it's over for bling Why they hype Britney up, they know she can't sing Why a whip and a chain the black american dream Why I know it in my heart it remains unseen Why [Chorus} [Nas] Registered voter not blood of a panther Why is the question what is the answer Got a suggestion, here's an example Won't we build our own airline, states, and highways Fly to Africa, do some trades with Zimbabwe Why did Malcolm's mission die with the man Why we ain't pick it up where he left it and carry out his plan Why the merger try to exclude L.A. Reid He brought you Usher, Outkast top-selling CD's Why do half America got AIDS Why do schools care about your son's braids more than they care for his grades Why they hate our white t-shirts and hats turned backwards And why is Jesus Christ never played by black actors And why there ain't a MC that can touch me nor budge me And why is Nas the best thing in rap since Chuck D And why this record ain't sell 5 mill yet Jada's as real as it get Put my money where my mouth is And do something bout this [Jadakiss] Yo by thugs I'm surrounded Tell me why is it the money motivates me but the love keeps me grounded Why my cases ain't get thrown out Why team USA keep getting blown out Why the Democratic part ain't getting with me Why they still hanging black bodies in Mississippi Yea, why did governor McGrevey get caught with a lizard Why they take away Shyne's phone calls and visits Why I been hot for 7 years Why the new M5 come with 7 gears Please tell me why y'all keep making that trash Why they reinstating the draft, why is it so much hating you have And why sell records and keep working Why we go on stage with the bread with the feet working It's real, why when I loved on die you miss them Why it took for me to make "Why" for y'all to listen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jagged Edge f/ Nas Album: I Got It (Remix) 12" Song: I Got it (Remix) Typed by: kryzis4488@hotmail.com [Jermaine Dupri] Ya'll know where we takin this huh JE ya'll, Nas So, So, Def [Nas] I'm nasty Never let a pretty face pass me C'mon ya'll knowin it's easy For me to get a good girl, turn her out to sleesy and trashy She's freaky, live in the bed Make baby girl eyes roll in her head This what you need, my mission is to please, hands to the sky Nas, JE [JE] Now your girl said you, was out lookin for me If so then you, need to come and see If you ready for a night that you won't never forget I'll give you pleasure and real love, If you let me in Baby tell me what it is you want from me Don't beat around the bush, if you want my body [Hook] [JE] If you can want it, girl I got it, got it Come and get with me Girl I turn your body inside out, and bring exctasy If you want it, baby come and bring your body to me If you need it, girl I got it, got it, got, got, got, got it c'mon [JE] If you want me girl, you need to come with me I've searched all aroudn the world, finding you is like a dream When we wake up, you won't feel the same about me Cause you'll realize, your life won't be the same without me Baby tell me what it is you want from me Don't beat around the bush, if you want my body [Hook] [JE] If you can want it, girl I got it, got it Come and get with me Girl I turn your body inside out, and bring exctasy If you want it, baby come and bring your body to me If you need it, girl I got it, got it, got, got, got, got it c'mon [Bridge][JE] Jus you, and me baby just bring your body, to me tell everybody, about me Baby just move your body, around me, me, me [Nas] Girl what's your astrology? Virgo? If so, you the same sign as me Gemini's are fly, the kind I need Love Aquarius, and Pisces Can't leave a Libra, I live life day to day, let a playa play Supporting my women, all my Capricorns and Scorpio women Leos and Cancer, girl's be bad Only sign I can't deal with is Sadge Confusin my enemies, never losin Clever movement, act smooth where the women be, amused by my energy When they choose me, I just tell them the music's my remedy I just swell em, and leave em swollen Girl this is something that you need to know [Hook]x2 [JE] If you can want it, girl I got it, got it Come and get with me Girl I turn your body inside out, and bring exctasy If you want it, baby come and bring your body to me If you need it, girl I got it, got it, got, got, got, got it c'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jaheim f/ Nas Album: Just in Case 12" Song: Just in Case (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Nas] Pimp on pimp.....uh remix A Divine Mill presentation, yeah, just in case World get ready, Nas, Jaheim, yeah, two thousand two [Verse 1: Nas] Yo! Pretty as Dawn, the city is mine Buss it you rap fools clappin like we Diddy and Shyne Tattoo across the stomach spells Godson I'm from the jungle like Tarzan hundred spots sparkin Wan't it with Nas I'm right here, all you talk is paper I chalk this playa, roght where you standin This the anthem I had to be on it Callin Divine Mills office asking Kay Gee where the boss at? Tell him it's the God on the line Yo the streets is buzzin with Stillmatic and the artist you signed Now we workin in the studio late Layin some vocals to pro to, we ain't never using no napes Thinkin bout musical great from Marvin to stevie Wonder ten years where will Nas and Jaheim be? Just in case I don't make it, my girl better rep me She know I was a thug when she met me, yo [Jaheim] I'm a hustler baby look at me Got the streets locked baby loot at the grill See the hate now baby imagine me Pushin weight now baby gotta skate now baby And it's all for you, boo I'll ride for you Cause I wan't the best for you Took a bullet in the chest for you, yeah yeah [Chorus: Jaheim] Just in case, I don't make it back from the block cause it's hot now baby Just in case, I left the keys to the drop and the cash in the lockbox girl I wan't to let you know, I'm a be a man I'm a do what I got to do But just in case, I'm a make it home girl I'll be missing you [Verse 2: Jaheim] Now don't cry now lady, cause you the reason why now lady Gotta hold it down for Ja now baby But I gotta take this route now lady And it's all for you, boo I'll ride for you Cause I wan't the best for you Take a bullet in the chest for you [Chorus: Jaheim] Just in case, I don't make it back from the block cause it's hot now baby Just in case, I left the keys to the drop and the cash in the lockbox girl I wan't to let you know, I'm a be a man I'm a do what I got to do But just in case, I don't make it back I don't make it back, girl I'm gone miss you Just in case, I don't make it back from the block cause it's hot now baby Just in case, I left the keys to the drop and the cash in the lockbox girl I wan't to let you know, I'm a be a man, oooh oooh baby! But just in case, I don't make it back I don't, I don't just in case [Verse 3: Nas] Yo I gave away cars and jewelry for less attention They think they know Nas from QB I'm sick of dodgin groupies less is more Few MC's got jealous that's expected God But a, that's the life that a hustler leads Plenty ice on my wife stay custom veese See I rock everything Yankeees, every chain brand new spankin Jumpin out them jeep Lincolns Fans in the streets wavin, spectators it's a few hatin Most just stand in amazement Whispering the kid is a messenger Knucklegame like Hurricane was a pimp like Hefner Till shorty canged my life I changed my cell Even let her answer when it rings at night And I'm a gangsta, pop bottles with my team And my queen, remix Nas and Jaheim [Chorus: Jaheim] Just in case, I don't make it back from the block cause it's hot now baby Just in case, I left the keys to the drop and the cash in the lockbox girl I wan't to let you know, I'm a be a man I'm a do what I got to do But just in case, I'm a make it home girl I'll be missing you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Nas Album: American Gangster Song: Success Typed by: DaSun Akbar ["Dominic Cattano" from American Gangster (film)] "Your Success took a shot at you what are you going to do now? how are you gonna kill it? you're gonna become unsuccessful? Frank, you can be successful and have enemies uh? be unsuccessful too, and even have friends" [Jay-Z] I got these niggas breezy, don't worry about it Let that bitch breathe I use to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less What do I think of success?... it sucks to much stress I guess I blew up quick 'Cause friends I grew up with See me as a Pre'me but I'm not and my nuts big I don't know what the fuss Is, my career is illustrious My rep is impeccable; I'm not to be fucked with with, shit, let that bitch breathe I'm way to important to be talking about extorting Asking me for a portion is like asking for a coffin Broad daylight I'll off your on switch You're not to bright, goodnight long kiss bye bye my reply... BLAH, BLAH Blast burner then pass burner to Tye-Tye Finish my breakfast, why? I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry Now where was I? Let that bitch breathe I use to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more Truth be told I had more fun when I was piss poor I'm pissed off, and is this what success is all about? a bunch a niggas acting like bitches with big mouths All this stress, all I got is this big house Couple of cars, I don't bring half of them shits out All of this ace of spade I drank just to piss out I mean I like the taste coulda saved myself 6 hours How many times can I go to Mr. Childs, taos mobu Hold up, lemme move my bouwls I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG tell these boys (Ya ain't about to shit on my nigga) I got watches I ain't seen in months Apartment at the Trump; I only slept in once Niggas said Hova was ova, such dummies Even If I fell I'll land on a bunch of money Ya ain't got nothing for me "Nas; let that bitch breathe" [Nas] Success, McLaren, women staring My villain appearance sacred blood of a king and my vein ain't spilling Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello Camaro driven, I climax from paper and ask why is life worth living? Is it to hunt for the shit that you want? To recieve's great, but I lust giving The best jewelers wanna make my things I make Jacob shit on Lorraine just to make me a chain Niggas mentioned on One Love Came home to the paper in hand Ain't gotta brag about the FEDS young man Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments Google Earth Nas; I got flats in other continents Worst enemies wanna be my best friends Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in But I don't give a fuck walk inside the lions den Take everybody's chips, about to cash them in Up your catalog dawg, mine's worth to much Like Mike Jacks ATV pub, Mottola can't touch Let this bitch breathe [Jay-Z & Nas] Let this bitch breathe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J. Cole f/ Nas Album: Let Nas Down (Remix) (S) Song: Let Nas Down (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Freedom or jail, clips inserted, a baby's bein born Same time my man is murdered, the beginning and end As far as rap go, it's only natural, I explain My plateau, and also, what defines my name [Chorus: J. Cole] Yeah, long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Pac was like Jesus, Nas wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin No I.D. my mentor, now let the story begin [Nas] I ain't mad at you, young king, this unsung song is haunting Along comes a one son called a offspring The Earth spins, my Old Earth grin, sung a church hymn She birthed in September, took my first wind, again, the Earth spins I jumped in my first Benz, fled out, lead out Screams got in the game and took bread out The nerve of these niggaz, weak flow, yo Cole let's murder this sequel Freedom or jail from Fayetteville to QB though Cause back when I was young there was massive niggaz But I passed them niggaz, just being nasty nigga Military hat, fatigue pants saggin, Henny'd up Execs asking will he live to see his own release date happen Straight off the corner with the armor, Arm & Hammer But I had a appeal, I was a charmer.. Yet still being my momma's son was my biggest honor This shit was just kinda just a hobby in my project lobby We was tryna be the Queensbridge Cosby's But the street life robbed me of that, so I had to put it in raps And who could I ask for help? Older nigga was gettin mad But that's the gift and the curse, that's the good and the bad At least you got Jay, but he already one of the greats And it's hard for the great to tell somebody how to be great Nigga I tried and niggaz threw that shit right back in my face They took my co-sign, but they ain't let me EP their tapes And when they joint tanked, that's when they point blame So point blank, young Cole, you won't be the same The first album freedoms and them fourth album pressures A big difference between 'em but I get why you said it Radio records are needed, I just wanted it to bring the warning Global warming to that cold world you was breathin That's some advice, I never got If I don't sell another record, I'll just steady rock While you was writin down my rhymes I was just tryin to show you that if you say what's on your mind, you can stand the test of time Now I'm playin "Born Sinner" loud, saw you live, rock the crowd Like wow, you made your nigga Nas proud So you ain't let Nas down... It's just part of the game, becoming a rap king, my nigga You ain't let Nas down... How that sound? Here the crown, pass it to you like nothin, nigga You ain't let Nas down [Chorus: Nas] Long live the idols, may they never be your rivals Slick Rick was like Jesus, G Rap wrote the Bible Now what you're 'bout to hear's a tale of glory and sin Large Professor's my mentor, that's how the story end, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Monica, Nas Album: I've Got to Have It 12" Song: I've Got to Have It Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [JD](Monica) Uh-huh, oh (Oh) Uh-huh, oh So So Def (I've got to have it) See this is what it's all about right her Understand me see my life's real I don't know about yours Everything I do is an event (I've got to have it) Nas, Monica, and me (I've got to have it) When it comes to my honeys in the strip club (oh) Sumpin' on dubs in the middle of the block Like what? (What?) [Nas](Monica) When you see me with the crispy fade Icing it out, glowing with the lights is out (hmm) Yo say my name! (Ooh) When you see a Bentley or Ferrari, a Mazuradi It's probably me (ooh, oh) Say my name! When your hear this song bump in the club When you're chillin' on the corner with your thugs Say my name! I make it hot and take your block Who they wanna be and hate they not Yo say my name! When your girl don't call you when you beep her And you hit it and her thing feel deeper Say my name! Pull on her hair, spankin' her rear While I'm in 'em bitches all I wanna hear is you say my name Squeeze my gats beef is done Police come you know the game Don't say my name Dipped out crazy, Timbs chicken and gravy Q.B., Dupri baby 1 - [JD] (Monica)  When it comes to the clubs packed, Cristal flowin'  (I've got to have it)  When it comes to homes plushed out chrome stuck out in traffic  (I've got to have it)  When it comes to a neck full of glow  And a check full of O's, you know  (I've got to have it)  When it comes to my honeys in the strip club  Sumpin' on dubs in the middle of the block  Like what? Say my name!  (I've got to have it) [Monica] Gotta have my tied up Iceberg Gucci Rolley Bezzled up, bezzled up Gotta have me a double O With a six in the front And a bump-bump in the truck Gotta have me an escalade My house is laid A man that keeps my bills paid My records play every day What can I say? I've got to have it Repeat 1 [JD] When you see a black do-rag through the tint Of a black Bent going too fast Say my name When you talk about longevity And niggas who know how to keep gettin' that cash Say my name When you're sick of your songs Sittin' on the right And wanna know what the top feel like Say my name If you wanna know what being hot feel like And shuttin' down the spot feel like Say my name! JD from the home where the bowls get thrown And the dough get gone real quick like Keep niggas sick like 40 karats and a chain Foolish ain't it? Say my name! Everything you did I've done did double If you hate to see flash then your ass is in trouble Scram now and don't look back Cause until I die it's like that Repeat 1 [Monica] I've got to have it.. Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Monica, Nas Album: Big Momma's House OST Song: I Still Got To Have It Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [JD](Monica) Uh-huh, oh (Oh) Uh-huh, oh So So Def Turn it up (I've got to have it) See this is what it's all about right her Understand me see my life's real I don't know about yours Everything I do is an event (I've got to have it) Nas, Monica, and me (I've got to have it) When it comes to my honeys in the strip club (oh) Sumpin' on dubs in the middle of the block Like what? (What?) [Nas](Monica) When you see me with the crispy fade Icing it out, glowing when the lights is out (hmm) Yo say my name! (Ooh) When you see a Bentley or Ferrari, a Mazuradi It's probably me (ooh, oh) Say my name! When your hear this song bump in the club When you're chillin' on the corner with your thugs Say my name! I make it hot and take your block Who they wanna be and hate they not Yo say my name! When your girl don't call you when you beep her And you hit it and her thing feel deeper Say my name! Pull on her hair, spankin' her rear While I'm in 'em bitches all I wanna hear is you say my name Squeeze my gats beef is done Police come you know the game Don't say my name Dipped out crazy, Timbs chicken and gravy Q.B., Dupri baby 1 - [JD] (Monica)  When it comes to the clubs packed, Cristal flowin'  (I've got to have it)  When it comes to homes plushed out chrome stuck out in traffic  (I've got to have it)  When it comes to a neck full of glow  And a check full of O's, you know  (I've got to have it)  When it comes to my honeys in the strip club  Sumpin' on dubs in the middle of the block  Like what? Say my name!  (I've got to have it) [Monica] Gotta have my tied up Iceberg Gucci Rolley Bezzled up, bezzled up Gotta have me a double O With the six in the front And the bump-bump in the truck Gotta have me an escalade My house is late A man that keeps my bills paid My records play every day What can I say? I've got to have it Repeat 1 [JD] When you see a black do-rag through the tint Of a black Bent going too fast Say my name When you talk about longevity And niggas that know how to keep gettin' that cash Say my name When you're sick of your songs Sittin' on the right And wanna know what the top feel like Say my name If you wanna know what being hot feel like And shuttin' down the spot feel like Say my name! JD from the home where the bowls get thrown And the dough get gone real quick like Keep niggas sick like 40 karats and a chain Foolish ain't it? Yeah say my name! Everything you did I've done did double If you hate to see flash your ass is in trouble Scram now and don't look back Cause until I die it's like that Repeat 1 [JD](Monica) Girl don't you love the way I rock it baby Girl how I keep it in my pocket Maybe we can hook up cause you got something I want and (I've got to have it) Girl don't you love the way I rock it baby Girl how I keep it in my pocket Maybe we can hook up cause you got something I want and (I've got to have it) Oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri f/ Nas Album: Life in 1472 Song: Turn it Out Typed by: Sephirth1@aol.com [Nas] Spit at the world My lyrics, I could spit at your girl Spit when I hurl, spit on the Dutch and finish the twirl Spit facts, spit on whacks my whole lifetime Spit on my watch, make the ice shine Spit trife lines, .44 spit slugs out Ready to thug out at the clubhouse Chickens who lickin' or spit a nut out My name within itself is a language that bring you wealth Careful, comin' at me is like hangin' yourself at a..... I know you thought I'd be locked up Dead by now, shot up, full of lead by now Got up wit' JD doh', crazy dough Queens with the So So Def, A-T-L's best (yeah I know) Every ride up the 9-5, fly friendly skies Thug passion for J Doves, Henneys for Nas Then we mix that shit, tip that shit Pass it around, hook the hood, everybody get wit' it [Nas] Through thick and thin, from beginning to the end Never do I lose, all I do is win Cause Queens Bridge is in the house This is Nas Escobar and I turns it out [JD] Through thick and thin, from beginning to the end Never do I lose, all I do is win Cause Collin Park is in the house They call me Don Chi Chi and I turns it out [JD] I'm sumpin' y'all dread like locks, get bread by the flocks Bitches love me and I'm duggy from the head to the socks Too much to handle, here da man of the year Hit rooms and light'em up like a chandelier From C-P to the Bridge, y'all know what it is Been gettin' money like this since I was a kid I'm in the corner with bitches and buckets of Cris Pourin' at the most goin'est nigga wit' shit that showin' it Now look at my ice, look at your ice, DAMN Look at my life, look at your life, DAMN See, I got niggas wantin' to drop me, top me, stop me Copy Chi to the T cause I'm nice in the 3 black same color AMG's T.V's, front and back pack with nuttin' but ladies You can look up or down, right or left But all you gon' hear and see is So So Def [Chorus, JD then Nas] Touch the whole global with cold vocals and dark words Vocal cords translate what my drunk heart slurs Chest clogged up with sparked up herb, I feel faint Tryin' to hold myself together, coulda spilt my own drink All I hear is beats bumpin', I'm seein' in doubles Last thing I need to happen is to be in a scuffle Where my dogs at? These ain't my niggas I loah Help the guard, forgot my niggas took some girls to the car Tryin' to make it through the crowd, which way is out? Which way is around? These grimy motherfucker's pointin' me out I wish I had the drink, but then I'm too intoxed to aim and put the clip in It's like the floor's wet and every step is like I'm slippin' And yo, I can't lose a step, I feel my enemies followin' All I got as a weapon is this Hennessee bottle I'm talkin' to myself, my peoples should be stickin' with me Somebody grabbed me up, "Yo Nas, come take this picture wit' me" My ice strillon, I'm feelin' my arm Thought my Roley was gone, now I wanna swing but I'm calm Still got that, DJ musta threw on another hot track Think it was this one here, bounce to that Too much Thug Passion and smokin' Made it outside, mouth wide, vomittin', gaggin' and chokin' From behind, niggas plottin' and scopin' Everything was blurry at first, but now shit is movin' in slow motion I saw my niggas pull up, Perelli's they skidded They open the car door and toss-ed me in it My cats tried to rob me, the crowd was rowdy But one thing's for sure, So So Def know how to party [Backdrop] All night long {'til when?} Til the early morn (it don't stop) And uh (it don't quit) And uh (So So Def with the dope shit, bitch!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe f/ Nas Album: Ain't Nothin' Like Me Song: Get to Know Me Typed by: DaSun Akbar *Samples Nas' "You're Da Man" Ayo Joe here's another one Tim & Bob, Nas [Nas] They drool on blue jewels on the arm Too cool when I'm calm Still moved to the psalm Been a minute since I heard some new Joe 'Cause dawg is crazy R&B cujo And I'ma - rap psycho, Norm and Bates call it mama With the brown in Llama But I ain't in town for no drama Just peeping shorty, peep me so I own her [Joe] In the club deep with all my crew Saturday nights is just what we do Just enjoying the good life, it's alright in here When I turned around I see a sexy mami staring at me I already know what she's thinking, she wants me tonight Yeah! (Chorus: Joe) I see you looking at naughty come over and get to know me Tell me what it is you're sipping Just live it up, I got the bar Maybe if you get to know me Then maybe we can leave this party Ohh you got a sexy body Come over and get to know me  [Joe] You're so damn hot girl you making me sweat You got a round thing that I can't forget From your hips all the way to your chest Look so good, I'ma say that I'm impressed You should thank God 'cause you've been blessed Come here so I can get into your head Don't be shy Come over, come over Come over, come over Come over, come over and get to know me (Chorus: Joe) X2 [Nas] Yeah baby I know why you're here I know what you're thinking but I ain't saying nothing Great minds think a like you're an intelligent species We've already connect through telekinesis Plus my gear's correct, the monkey jeans on  One pair 15 huh, crisp clean Air Ones I think you can be my sparkle Maybe my Claudine raising my offspring The haze is lit, you taste the algae  The grapes I sip from Napa Valley Your waist is slim it must be balley's You're killing me softly like old school Albee (Chorus: Joe) X2 [Joe] Come over and get to know me  We're gonna like what you see ooh, aah, ooh yeah Come over here girl, come over here Come over here baby, come over here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe f/ Mariah Carey, Nas Album: My Name is Joe Song: Thank God I Found You (Make it Last Remix Edit) Typed by: JamaalBigCat@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Nas] Uh, Cluemanati MC to the J-O-E Nastradamus, uh, remix For the world Make it real, baby Uh, Desert Storm, baby Uh, check it, this for you [Verse 1: Nas] Let's show the world You my golden girl When we shoppin' They see us on the streets they say, "Son, scooped a hot one" You taste like banana cake, you shaped like the number eight And you my number one candidate I can't lose you, it's like I'm bettin' in Vegas, crucial Swatin' these players is wantin' you boo I get the chills when you in my sight Feels like it's meant to be right I feel a rush when I kiss you at night, uh [Verse 2: Joe] Sorty knows shes my baby girl and Player haters try hard to get her But she'll be lounging in my cradle tonight, oouh Typically, I wouldn't say this But you see your love has got me faded No girl ever made me feel like you do, ow [Verse 3: Mariah Carey] I'm a be here night after night to Feel your lovin' arms around me, baby Baby, baby, baby, you make it all right No one but you, baby, baby, can make me feel The way you make me, make me, make me feel, whoa.. [Chorus: Nas, (Joe, Mariah Carey)] We make it last, make it last We make it last, make it last (make it last) We make it last, make it last We make it last, make it last (don't let our love end) We make it last, make it last (don't you let it end) We make it last, make it last (make it last forever and ever) We make it last, make it last (thank God I found you) We make it last, make it last [Verse 4: Joe, (Mariah Carey)] Your touch is wonderful, so wonderful Your love (is so marvelous) Joy, that's what I feel When I'm wth you, (yeah), yeah Nothing, no one (no one, boy) Could compare to what we have (oh, no, baby) Love, it feels so good I'm so glad your mine oh, oh, oh, oh.. [Verse 5: Nas] What, a thug's dream wife, jeans tight, beautiful skin Matchin' brown Timbs, hot as jalapenos She knows how to hide the ninos The rap root of Valentino And B5 become the black Al Pacino Relax, sweetie, in Benz you could watch the t.v Or lay back and pump Mariah's hot cd And I'm a touch you in the wrong places Or we could walk through the park Above in all faces, I'm lost in your love Thank God I found you my crown jewel I'm sayin', boo, the type I'd give my last name to At Lovers Lane Put the top up when it start to rain in the parkin' lot Then we finish doin' our thing Fog the windows Gettin' very sentimental Sippin' Cosmos with the cherry in the middle I keep it honest, word is real, that's my promise Signin' off, truly yours, Nastradamus [Chorus] + (Joe, Mariah Carey)             (Thank God I found you) (I was so lost without you) (My every wish and every dream) (Somehow became reality) (For the sunshine, oh baby...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jon B f/ Nas Album: Pleasures You Like Song: Finer Things Typed by: sergio@miapimps.com [Nas] (Jon B) (oohh, oh yeah yeah, yeah yeah, oh oh)  2000, Jon B y'all, N-A-S y'all To the death y'all (ay baby) Come on, get it right Look at them brown nosin' My click pullin up with purple roses Purple diamonds, pinky rings, purple douja Heaven had to mold'er, look at the earth she bangin Gucci purse, wonderin what ghetto that she came from She gangstah, from her head to her feet By birth I'm a soldier, bet the pearl come sweet And I felt the world wet when we met She felt like, somethin i'd never forget Somethin you had to witness, perfect physical fitness Alerted all my five senses, I said my name is Nas love And whos the girl next to ya, this my man boogotti I'd like to introduce ya [Jon B] (Nas) Well if I wasnt alive somethin we feel just might be real if we try, if we try baby I know I'm giving you love, but is it really enough for you to be satisfied? Whoa, yeah. you always know that you're beautiful Do you see the beauty that I see inside, (do you see it baby) inside you Somethin I wanna do, is travel the world to find the girl for sure was you  (all around the world, til' I found you baby girl) Where can I show you the finer things, the finer things in life The finer things in life baby, all for you Mami just you and i, hit you with some love tonight Hit you with some love tonight, hit you with some love tonight But if I want some your life, everything you want to feel is real in my mind Got your own mind, like making love to you right Your body's telling everything I need to do it tonight, oh no, whoa Baby, they said that you could stay a long time Please say that you could spend another night, with me What up with the house on the beach? You gonna sip a little apple martini I want you to just lay back and let me freak (uh uh, how it feel baby) Your insecurities [Nas] (Jon B) If I was ya man, your knowledge would expand til we both the equal Chillin on islands where the sand and the ocean is deep blue Theres three things that I got on my list You qualify, you my miss, I count em down like this Number one, you gotta be real (yeah babe), dont lie to me about managomy (yeah babe) See hun' get out of my grill, love me, if I'm locked up or I'm out on the peel (feel me babe) Keep it tight when I'm in it (ooh yeah), ask me how does it feel Number two, easy to do, be who you are Be with me a real G (you got, yoou got), with every beat of your heart And number three, last but not least Give me peace, and ill show you the world most girls aint lucky to see Jon B! [Jon B] (Nas) What if show you the finer things, the finer things in life Mami just you and i, everybody needs love, hit you with some love tonight Hit you with some love tonight, hit you with some love tonight What if show you the finer things, the finer things in life (would you like it, like that girl) Mami just you and i, everybody needs love, hit you with some love tonight Hit you with some love tonight, hit you with some love tonight (Like it if I lay you on your back girl, would you like it if you do it from the top girl?) (Would you like it if you do it from the side girl?, could we do it in my ride girl?) (Could we do it on the floor, to the bath-tub, on the studio, could we do it in the pool?) Mama just you and I (could we do it in the ocean, could we do it in some projects?) Hit you with some love tonight, hit you with some love tonight (Could we do it in the motel, could we do it in the shower) Make you say ooohh ohhh ohh (Could we do it in the rolce royce, on top let you ride girl, cuz you my girl, you a fine girl) I'll make you say ooohh ohhh ohh Hit you with some love tonight, hit you with some love tonight Make you say ooohh ohhh ohh, oooh, ohh oohhhhhh.. (Just you and I baby, just you and I baby, hit you with some love tonight) (Baby girl, imma hit you with some love tonight, could we do it) (Show you finer things, you forget about the minor things) (Can I show you, can I show bout the finer things, forget about the minor things) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ KRS-One, Nas, Rakim Album: Classic (Nike Air Force Remix) 12" Song: Classic (Nike Air Force Remix) Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Hook: Samples] [Sample] "And now for my next number.." "I'd like to return to the.." [Nas] "Classic" [Kanye West] "uh, uh, - timeless.." [Kool G Rap] "Nike's straight classic" [Nas] "Classic" [Kool G Rap] "Nike's..Nike's..Nike's.. straight classic" [Kanye West] "Timeless.." [Sample] "I'd like to return to the classic" [Rakim] "Kanye West" [Verse One: Kanye West] Can't buy this, super fly in this Like shininess, you're highness It's performin', look how long the line is It's what happens when you make shit that's timeless It's what happens, each rapper's the pioneers What would it take to be a legend like Nas is? That's so novice, I'm so polished I got a right to be a 'lil snobbish I did a 'lil bit of College Semesters it took two like Rob Base To let me figure out this was in my place The beat's slow, 'til you listen to my pace 'Cause I be killin' shit, but that's evident And y'all feelin' it, but I expected it If it's classic - it's gon' last forever than I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been [Hook: Samples] [Nas] "Classic" [Kool G Rap] "Nike's straight classic" [Nas] "I'm better than I've ever been" [Kanye West] "Timeless.." [Kanye West] "I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been" [Nas] "Classic" [Kool G Rap] "Nike's straight..straight classic.." [Nas] "I'm better than I've ever been" [Kanye West] "Timeless.." [Nas Samples - One Love & It Ain't Hard To Tell] "Hold the fort down, represent to the fullest" "Nas'll rock well" [Verse Two: Nas] Perseverance.. See the fake hustler rapper To them, it hurts to hear this Oh you went platinum? Yeah, that's nice Now let me see you do the same thing twice Three times, four times, then a couple of mo' times Please, you're Amateur Night, it's Showtime It's one life to live, so live it the best you can The world could use one less man Not enough air, not enough car factories To manufacture new vehicles, sedans and vans When they do make the whip you like, your chips ain't right By the time you could afford it, the car ain't important In the streets I'm in, it's just iron Cops keep firin', in my environment Leavin' you slumped, then they drive home Far from the hood, brothers they eager to jump on I like to be the wall that they toast up on I like to see them fall, guilty for doin' wrong I'm classic like the Air One's, the hustler shoe That's what I'm accustomed to.. yea [Hook: Samples] [KRS-One Sample] "Of course - we have Blastmaster KRS-One" [Verse Three: KRS-One] How many of y'all got - 'Criminal Minded'? You, you, you, y'all don't be blinded Me - I got no jewels on my neck Why? - I don't need 'em, I got your respect KRS-One, 20 years I rock I do it for JMJ and Scott La Rock This hip-hop and we is a nation Don't you wanna hear more KRS-One on your radio station? Instead of broadcasting how we smoke them trees On the radio we need to hear more local emcees Where you at?, c'mon where you at? This is the difference between emceein' and rap Rappers spit rhymes that're mostly illegal Emcees spit rhymes to uplift their people Peace, Love, Unity, havin' fun These are the lyrics of KRS-One.. [Hook: Samples] [Rakim Sample] "I'm Rakim, the fiend of a microphone.." [Verse Four: Rakim] Uh, yea, is y'all ready for 20-07? It's now another drought Everybody's a killer, wow we buggin' out Since '86 showin' the crowd what I'm about And they still wanna know when the album comin' out Askin' teenagers, OG's and nasty kids What their definition of Classic is? Timeless, so age don't count in the booth When your flow stay submerge in the fountain of youth Ain't no doubtin' the truth, I'm off the meters Everybody cosignin', even the non-believers Since I came in the door, and became one of y'all leaders In a fresh pair Air Force sneakers Uptowns, we call 'em uppies, when they're on divas Probably worn when KRS-One raw teachings Nas - Made You Look, before the heaters I bet Kan' had 'em on when he walked with Jesus [Hook: Samples] [All] "These are classics" [Kool G Rap] "Nikes straight classic, classic.." [Nas] "I'm better than I've ever been" [Kanye West] "Timeless.." [Kanye West] "I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been" [Nas] "Classic" [Kool G Rap] "Nike's straight..straight classic.." [Nas] "I'm better than I've ever been" [Kanye West] "Timeless.." [Kanye West] "I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been" [Nas] "Classic" [Kool G Rap] "Lives straight..straight classic.." [Rakim] "Air Force One's, keep it poppin', classic.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Nas, Really Doe, Tony Williams Album: Late Registration Song: We Major Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [21 second instrumental to open] [Chorus: Really Doe] You muh'fuckers better do your job and roll up, and WATCH how we roll up An', I can't control it cain't hold it, it's so NUUUUUUTS I take a sip of that 'gnac, I wanna FUUUUUCK I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck But really what's amazin is how I keep blazin Towel under the door, we smoke until the day's end Puff puff and pass, don't fuck up rotation Hypnotiq or Henny? Nah nigga, that's a chaser Turn nuttin to somethin, now pimpin that's a savior Best things like green now pimpin get your paper High off the ground from stair to skyscraper Cool off, thinkin we local c'mon homey we major [Kanye West] We major? C'mon homey we major We MAJOR?! C'mon homey we major We major, c'mon homey we major We major, c'mon.. Feelin better than some head on a Sunday afternoon Better than a chick that say yes too soon Until you have a daughter that's what I call karma And you pray to God she don't grow breasts too soon Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up Niggaz hats broke off, that's how we grow up Why else you think shorties write rhymes just to blow up? Get they first car and then IRS show up He ain't never had shit, but he had that 9 Nigga come through flickin and he had that shine Put 2 and 2 together and a little bad weather Gon' be your whole family on that funeral line Asked the reverend was the strip clubs cool If my tips helped send a pretty girl through school That's all I want, like winos want they good whiskey I ain't in the Klan but I brought my hood with me [Nas] We major? C'mon homey we major We major? C'mon homey we major We major! C'mon homey we major We major! C'mon homey we major I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write First line should it be about the hoes or the ice? Fo-fo's or Black Christ? Both flows'd be nice Rap about big paper or the black man plight At the studio console, asked my man to the right What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write? He said, "Nas what the fans want is Illmatic still" Looked at the pad and pen, fell, and jotted what I feel Been like twelve years since a nigga first signed Now I'm a free agent and I'm thinkin it's time to build my very own Motown Cause rappers be deprived, of executive 9 to 5's And it hurts to see these companies be stealin the life And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic So y'all copped the LP's and y'all fiends got dealt I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony when King got killed I survived the livest niggaz around Last longer than more than half of you clowns Look, I used to cook before I had the game took Either way my change came like Sam Cooke Yeah! Yeah! Ye-yeah, ye-yeah [Tony Williams] Feeling better than I ever felt before today But better late than never, it's Orien-tation, still we can make it better Throwin all your cares away... [Kanye] + (Nas) We major? (C'mon homey we major) We MAJOR?! (C'mon homey we major) We major (C'mon homey we major) We major... [Tony Williams] Feeling better than I ever felt before today But better late than never, it's Orien-tation, still we can make it better Throwin all your cares away... [music starts to fade until 5:21 in the song] [Kanye West] Can I talk my shit again? Can I talk my shit again?! I can't believe I'm back up in this muh'fucker I'ma be late though I gotta figure out what I'm gonna wear Yeah... the Roc is definitely in the building Good music's definitely in the building I gotta say what's up to Tony Williams On the vocals sings, he sings quite beautifully Don't you agree? Don't you agree? Uhh, and Jon Brion on the keys right now And Warren Campbell on the keys right now So they ask me - why you call it "Late Registration" 'Ye? Cause we takin these muh'fuckers back to school If you know this part right here, feel free to sing along [Tony Williams] + (Kanye West) Feeling better than I ever felt before today (If you feelin good) But better late than never; it's orien-tation (It's orientation) Still we can make it better Throwin all your cares away... (We want you to get used to this) (Uhh, they cain't do what we do baby) (Uh-uh, uh-uh, they cain't do what we do baby) (Uh-uh, uh-uh, they cain't do what we do baby) (Yeah...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelis f/ Nas Album: Kelis Was Here Song: Blindfold Me Typed by: mlcbabyphato85@sbcglobal.net When he want it he blindfolds me Then I get sexy on him, get sexy on him, like [Repeat 2x] [Kelis] Told him what I like When he heat it up at night Made him stand behind my door and watch me (uh uh uh) And I couldn't believe the type He was saying all the right Whispers gettin' mami right, I was (uh uh uh) So I had to get the ice Homie wanna fly the kite Had to show him what a pro I was (uh uh uh) I was headed for the light He refused to take a bite Till I put my blindfolders on I'm saying something like [Bridge] You just taking it all, what's gon' be left for me I told you get it, but you're taking it all from me When he want it he blindfolds me Then I get sexy on him, get sexy on him, like [Repeat 4x] [Kelis] Hold up Let me take this off Just to see where I can catch my breath at all. Hold up You got a pretty strong team Got somethin on the bench that Kelis ain't seen Hold up Why you treat me like that Bout the 3rd or 4th time you ain't had to do that Hold up Won't you let me cheat once And I promise you won't never make me keep this on [Bridge] You just taking it all, what's gon' be left for me I told you get it, but you're taking it all from me When he want it he blindfolds me Then I get sexy on him, get sexy on him, like [Repeat 4x] [Nas] The last thing you get Is a blindfold and a cigarette You willing to bet Like an ocean cruise Mami, I'm so addictive How long I('ve) been stroking you gives you motion sickness Grant your wishes I leave you four senses Smelling, feeling, tasting, and hearing One minute I'm gone Next I'm reappearing The bed is the bentley I'm doing the steering I got your eyes in the veil With your hands all over my tattoos Like your reading the braile Like my wine With a spicy aftertaste Though you fine I like to cover up half your face If you blind and can't see What I'm bout to do The suspense so intense won't allow you to move Gonna surprise you Like Hugh Grant in 8 and a half weeks Kelis and Nasty [Bridge] You just taking it all, what's gon' be left for me I told you get it, but you're taking it all from me When he want it he blindfolds me Then I get sexy on him, get sexy on him, like [Repeat 8x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kelis f/ Nas Album: Tasty Song: In Public Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Kelis (Nas)] You see, it's this thing (Kelis) I like being single (ha ha) Outside....in my mind (Get +Tasty+) I liked the way we were (Cookies - +Tasty+) (+Tasty+, yeah, let's go) [verse 1 - Kelis] He was next to me (come closer) Our flight was s'posed to leave around 2:53 All I wanted to see Is what would he do if I dropped down to my knees I wanna play a game If someone come in, it don't matter, just the same (I like it) Try something fun with me Let's take our clothes off all over the balcony [Chorus - Kelis (Nas)] Let's get it on In Public Just let it go, I promise that you'll love it Oh Daddy, don't you wanna be my soldier? (yeah) Ooo-oooh, let's get it on In Public, oooh [Verse 2 - Kelis] Don't try to run from me I'll make your toes curl up and make your body scream Come take a walk with me We can do it over there by all the trees Drive this car real fast I'll lay my head and I'll make your body blast Oww! [Kelis] (Nas) Let's make a movie baby (Sit over there) Can we get away with it? (Open your legs) I'll be an animal (yeah) All lights on (I wanna see you) I like it when we do it to this song (You like that) Let's make a movie baby Can we get away with it? (I'll be directing, heh) So nasty All lights on (I like to see) I like it when we do it to this song (Yeah, yeah yeah) Yeah? Talk to me [Verse 3 - Nas (Kelis)] The pussy or the mouth? That is the question (Okay) like Shakespeare but my erection is the case here (yeah) I ain't got time to drive you all the way home But instead I can slide you to a club bathroom (Okay) or a restaurant's men's room Then I can zoom in your womb We both get what we want (Okay), then we can assume to doing what we was, smokin' that bud and chillin' But first I got it up, before anything, you willing? To win it, it's animal behaviour La chic, la freak-out, with a sexy beast ma (yeah?), who slays ya This is for the mature who love the natural love- -making outdoors on the hood of your car (Ohh, yeah) Nas is good at it all when it comes to givin' it ?war? Do I have to convince you now? We don't need hotel keys We jump in the trunk and stain everything upside ya G-string [Chorus] *with Nas ad-libs* repeat 2x [Nas (Kelis)] *Kelis moans* So nasty, girl If they gon' see us, cool, they gon' see us (haha) I think they seen us, hahahaha Kelis, sexy beast (yeah) Yeah, Nasty Nas (that's my boy) Yeah, uh, outside, in my ride, ha Let's ride, ma Yeah, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Kelis, Nas Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Popular Thug Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Nas] Yeah, yea, yea, yeah Yeah, yeah, uh, yo [Verse 1 - Nas] Ladies love what I been through, blood on my Tim boots Snub noses, club closes, down where my men shoot But she can't stand, I'm sharing everything wit the fam' That means them too, flat screen, Benz Coupe Plus I entertain bosses At my Spanish style lagger filled, furnished up fortress But look at this thang, in Alexander but Queens Giuseppies, Xanadies, the sexiest bodies And I, betcha she prolly, heard how I love 'em and leave 'em But she still wanna suck 'em and eat 'em Cause I'm a poet, a preacher, and a pimp wit words A thief who stole her heart, a prince she deserves [Kelis] I should have known, by the way that you stared Eyeing passes by, like your rich but life ain't fair, but ya [Bridge - Kelis] Make my record skip Make my record skip Make my record skip Make my record skip [Chorus x2 - Kelis] + (Nas) I would have never talked to you If I had known you was a popular thug Hey, popular thug (Ya damn right) [Verse 2 - Nas] I take, I don't ask for nothin' You fake, I look past ya frontin', for cash I'm a glutton I'ma, bad influence yo, I'll ya marriage ruined By hangin wit me, you get ass from some new chicks My life's so fluent, pass ya music Honey's I hit, hear my songs and get mad and lose it Cause I'm a sexed crazed bastard I lace Kelis with a cushion cut engagement ring, we done, that's it [Kelis] I should have seen, in the way you touched my hand Shuffling your car keys, but sounded like a gentleman, but ya [Bridge] [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - Nas] I don't need more the ice grill, cause I don't have to My eyebrows shaped like a half boat, and I don't raise 'em The kid you can't budge him, or phase him My money's amazin', honey Black, Puerto Rican, and Asian What I made, look me and you the king is hooked Got you the cayenne green Porsche, pushed They off the hook, them and haters nightmares walking You smothered by a popular gangsta, perfect boyfriend [Kelis] I should have heard it, in the way you said my name While I analyzed your tone, you were formulating games, but ya [Bridge] [Chorus x3] [Outro - Kelis] + (Nas) Hey, popular thug (Ya damn right) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kid Capri f/ Nas Album: Soundtrack to the Streets Song: Soundtrack to the Streets Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kid] Yeahhhhh! [Nas] Uhh, QB [Kid] All the people in the place!   It's the one and only Kid Capri [Nas] Uhh, TM nigga [Kid] Along with my man Nas Escobar [Nas] Ill Will [Kid] We about to take this one all around the world   So y'all feel this one, come on! Verse One: Nas My antidote to the dope add drugs in the party Pistol-whippin your body lyrical oddessey Y'all ain't smoke real shit less y'all smokin with me And y'all ain't heard real shit, til you heard it from me Escobar, I toasted with Frank White, to this new era of gangster life, slangin words in the mic Thanks to the life, I urge y'all to write pain You a whore to the war, I remain a virgin that's tight This game I'ma run til it's done, stack my funds Packin guns, clean each gat, once a month Hope ya toast carry heavy as the vest on your chest Hope you squeeze it cause you're only safe from stomach to chest Everything else, left open, I'm smokin Next to your balls, police won't even question at all It's the Esc- to the -bar, connects in ?Piar? Overlord of rap, U.S. France to Ecuodar Chorus: Nas Have you ever met a QB gangsta, who would shake your hand and turn ya back he would shank ya? Niggaz want the street you lookin for me You want the hot shit you must cop the Kid Capri Ladies dance to it, niggaz pound that in your Jeep Esco' and Kid Capri, with the motherfuckin Soundtrack to the Street, thugs pop to it, sell rocks to it Puffin L's poppin glocks to it Verse Two: Nas Me and the streets share the same vein, same pain The whole game changed, niggaz with no brain could make dough off of cocaine, Colombian neckties Democrats to Bill Clinton gotta respect Nas Customized flow, words stitched into the seams Tailor made lyrics words fit ya, spit scripture worship Far from Ali, niggaz can't spar with the kid Regardless of your bid or who you partners with Spit, cartridges at so-called hard ni-ggaz You get, sparked and hit, held as hostages You know how the mobsters is from the heart of the Bridge We just started gettin dough, yo pardon the kid I ain't used to havin shit, my youth as bad as it get Ghetto bound first lesson was to let off rounds Shots, echo the town, New York, home of the Harlem mix tape, master as we all know him now Chorus Verse Three: Nas Uhh, what? Kid Capri Soundtrack to the Street a theme for every hood Every lockdown facility, get ?oxed? down for grillin me Write down hostility, iced down with friends of ours Respect money and power and them honies that swallow But what's becomin Apollo, nuttin but bigga bank Fuck you niggaz think I ride for? Same thing niggaz die for, so we draw guns the same time in this war, leave your mind on the floor Niggaz doin thirty to life to survive in this world Transportin keys that's inside of a door Openin spots from Little Rock to Baltimore Smoked out, chillin on the Kid Capri world tour Chorus [Kid Capri] Yeah Word up, come on We make it bump one time word up My man Nas make it bump one time come on Come on, we make it bump one time word up The Kid Capri make it bump one time come on Chorus [Kid Capri] And I say party people, it's the Kid Capri Nas Escobar, Soundtrack to the Streets Jumpin off, youknowhatI'msayin? You a part of history, stay tuned, uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Nas Album: The Offering Song: Gun for Gun Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Nas] Ill Will Ill Will's alive yea Killah Priest Nasdaq Dow Jones ha ha (Hook) Guns for gun streets filled with rivers of blood Raised in the PJ's with real niggas and thugs Eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth Blood for blood coming to a theater near you It's all love Guns for gun streets filled with rivers of blood Raised in the PJ's with real niggas and thugs [Priest] I'll make Mussolini wear a Kufi I talk like Dr. Ben but look like Malcolm holding his Uzi Peering through curtains who would I murder? Pearl silencer screw on my burner four four caliber The new Nat Turner I'll make Hitler wear a yarmulke KKK celebrate Kwanzaa Should I pursue further? I'm like Tutankhamen with the tools in my garment Put a few in my cartridge the moon and stars lit Light up the hood it looks like a techno club We slam dance to this music when the Tek blow slugs It's ghetto thugs, welfare and poor education and gang love sitting in the Federal waiting (Hook) [Nas] What did Malcolm think split second before he was shot? Did he think to hit the deck on the floor before he dropped? Or did he just say "Fuck it" I'm ah die for my brothers? 'Cause by killing him just made his words teach others Like Martin Luther King he preached peace Like the West East beef finally that shit is rotten Place yourself in the shoes of a people's leader From drug kingpin to President either is off the meter Your best man can turn it or squeeze ya burn you and leave ya Beside a lonely road or inside a meat freezer That's the way it goes on the 3rd rock from the sun (earth) Alone circling the light were we begun where we become A follower to a general with soldiers to run They move off every word of your tongue Fearless and ruthless when you was young pulling your gun Not scared to shoot shit remember it was all in the fun If it's power you wanted can you control over a hundred minds? And these are grown men who've killed over a hundred times Every champ team has an arch rival And it takes one time to mess up and niggas don't like you You start to want peace, niggas want you deceased Your money low, niggas want you to go Who else but I can bring the most haunting flow? (Nas) You soon to see the best of me From a boy man to a king hear out my destiny (Hook) [Priest] When my fam is at stake I think of how much slander I take Then I sit back and watch tapes on Alexander the Great I start studying how he bloodied men I think of rappers I'm a massacre Metal armor cover my skin Take me to war, fuck y'all Priest is Ivan the Terrible Stare at my eyes, they're unbearable You collide with the generals Surround me like the most high Surrounded by Cherubim Who'd imagine the illest collabo Priest and Nas are incredible He's spits ether, I spit urancha Describe how you devils move Scream on MC's as I recline on my pedestal (Hook) [Nas] The I to the L to the L to the W the I to the L to the L To the W the I to the L to the L To bring trouble to all ya niggas "PRIEST" "NASDAQ DOW JONES" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Nas Album: Gun For Gun (Rivers Of Blood) VLS Song: Gun For Gun (Rivers Of Blood) Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Nas] Ill Will Ill Will's alive yea Killah Priest Nasdaq Dow Jones ha ha (Hook) Guns for gun streets filled with rivers of blood Raised in the PJ's with real niggas and thugs Eye for an eye a tooth for a tooth Blood for blood coming to a theater near you It's all love Guns for gun streets filled with rivers of blood Raised in the PJ's with real niggas and thugs [Killah Priest] Yo, I'll make Mussolini wear a Kufi I talk like Dr. Ben but look like Malcolm holding his Uzi Peering through curtains who would I murder? Pearl silencer screw on my burner four four caliber The new Nat Turner I'll make Hitler wear a yarmulke KKK celebrate Kwanzaa Should I pursue further? I'm like Tutankhamen with the tools in my garment Put a few in my cartridge the moon and stars lit Light up the hood it looks like a techno club We slam dance to this music when the Tek blow slugs It's ghetto thugs, welfare and poor education and gang love sitting in the Federal waiting (Hook) [Nas] What did Malcolm think split second before he was shot? Did he think to hit the deck on the floor before he dropped? Or did he just say "Fuck it" I'm ah die for my brothers? 'Cause by killing him just made his words teach others Like Martin Luther King he preached peace Like the West East beef finally that shit is rotten Place yourself in the shoes of a people's leader From drug kingpin to President either is off the meter Your best man can turn it or squeeze ya burn you and leave ya Beside a lonely road or inside a meat freezer That's the way it goes on the 3rd rock from the sun (Earth) Alone circling the light were we begun where we become A follower to a general with soldiers to run They move off every word of your tongue Fearless and ruthless when you was young pulling your gun Not scared to shoot shit remember it was all in the fun If it's power you wanted can you control over a hundred minds? And these are grown men who've killed over a hundred times Every champ team has an arch rival And it takes one time to mess up and niggas don't like you You start to want peace, niggas want you deceased Your money low, niggas want you to go Who else but I can bring the most haunting flow? (Nas) You soon to see the best of me From a boy man to a king hear out my destiny (Hook) [Killah Priest] When my fam is at stake I think of how much slander I take Then I sit back and watch tapes on Alexander the Great I start studying how he bloodied men I think of rappers I'm a massacre Metal armor cover my skin Take me to war, fuck y'all Priest is Ivan the Terrible Stare at my eyes, they're unbearable You collide with the generals Surround me like the most high Surrounded by Cherubim Who'd imagine the illest collabo Priest and Nas are incredible He's spits ether, I spit urancha Describe how you devils move Scream on MC's as I recline on my pedestal (Hook) [Nas] The I to the L to the L to the W the I to the L to the L To the W the I to the L to the L To bring trouble to all ya niggas "PRIEST" "NASDAQ DOW JONES" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: K'Naan f/ Nas Album: Country, God or the Girl Song: Nothing to Lose Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: K'Naan] Someone called the cops on him Someone told his pops on him He was talkin' crooked And he had some rocks on him Tucked, tucked in his socks's corner Chucks, chucks and the Charlotte Hornet Cap when he 'flow Then they all surprised on him Yes he's a fugee But he go all Nas on 'em Well can't go pras on 'em And he got that crossover But he from the streets You don't cross over Hut, hut to the block soldiers Buck, buck to the cop vultures Nope, no I don't know pilots Uh, nigga I know pirates Violence the islands Shout out to my idrens Put your hands up Like it's a motherfuckin' siren Well I paid all my dues Yeah, yeah yeah yeah Shone a million shoes Yeah, yeah yeah yeah 'Cause when you got nothing left Yeah, yeah yeah yeah You got nothing to lose Yeah, yeah yeah yeah [Verse 2: Nas] I used to stand on Vernon and 10 Burnin' a spliff burner on hip Wishing to flip a bird Yac burning my chest Black certainly I'm dressed Strictly that army shit Finish my shift Pack gone before the dawn hit Anything I could earn on the strip Turn it and flip Watching my back Cooking that pot Making it stretch Discussing with my cliq Should we duct tape the connect It's rough and K'Naan knows He had the same woes I'm voicing my opinions I forgot y'all was there I ain't know y'all was still listenin' Be honest I ain't care Y'all don't get my innuendos my interests Y'all on some simple shit Thinking I'm preachy Yeah, my church is the world Christians sip a cup of this holy water Stuck at this phony border It's custom to enter the main stream You must front and record A poorer oratory Your life story corny Yo, my Somali niggas know what war be Well I paid all my dues (paid my dues) Yeah, yeah yeah yeah Shone a million shoes Yeah, yeah yeah yeah 'Cause when you got nothing left Yeah, yeah yeah yeah You got nothing to lose Yeah, yeah yeah yeah [Verse 3: K'Naan] Remember when niggas said Nas was Somalian Baseball cap had the tags Like a yardie and it was written just came out I was gnarly then Niggas dreaded seeing me like a Rastafarian We didn't know the dresscode though We was bargainers The knock off filas with the pumps and cheap cardigans Niggas looked corny I admit We was foreigners but this corny kid Quick send you to the coroners Y'all know my war story I won't repeat it It's just injury My victory's undefeated Thought you knew me well Go back and delete it I'm in every joint this year Orthopedic and yes the AK's are instruments We do drum 'em I'm somewhere between killa and king Solomon And the shades take half the face We over stun 'em and treat obstacles like ass We overcome 'em Man, they really made me do this I was peaceful like a Buddhist But then niggas came And screwed it up like Judas Now I'm suited up with Lugers, Rugers suddenly intruders Turn around like hoola hoopers Fucking losers Well I paid all my dues Yeah, yeah yeah yeah Shone a million shoes Yeah, yeah yeah yeah 'Cause when you got nothing left Yeah, yeah yeah yeah You got nothing to lose Yeah, yeah yeah yeah [Outro] This one's for the world This one's for your girl This one's for your Mama This one's for your Nana The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool G Rap w/ Nas Album: 4, 5, 6 Song: Fast Life Typed by: ehhviin@gmail.com   The time has come, we gotta expand, the whole operation   Distribution, New York, to Chicago, L.A.   We gotta set our own market, and enforce it Verse One: Kool G Rap Champagne wishes of caviar dreams of peanuts, gettin cream With sales of fish scales from triple beams I gleam Livin the life of Riley packin' fifty calis Rockin lizard Bally's while we do our drug deal in a dark alley Up in casinos just me and my dino primo Pushin beam-o's then parlay in Reno with two fly latinos Nas, he runs the whole staff, we count mad for seen bad We've seen a half a milli dashin out there on the Queens half Three major players gettin papers by the layers And those that betray us on the block get rocked like Amadeus Fakers get used to shootin targets, soon as the dark hits Front on the drug market, bodies get rolled up in a carpet Those that cheat us try to beat us we got hookers with heaters that'll stray pop and put more shells in your top than Adidas Da leaders, lookin straight crimy in our Giorgio Armani's You wanna harm me and Nas you gots ta come get through a whole army The cee-lo rollers, money folders, sippin' Bolla, holdin mad payola Slangin a Coke without the Cola Me and black don't fake jacks but we might sling one It ain't no shame in our game we do our thing son   Chorus Livin the fast life, in fast cars Everywhere we go, people know who we are A team from out of Queens with the american dream So we're plottin up a scheme to get the seven figure cream (repeat 2X) Verse Two: Nas Escobar Yo I got, guns from Italy, smoke trees, considerably Mid-state and Green it seems, is where all my niggaz be The ghetto misery, shootouts and liquor stores A perpendicular, angle of the clout war Police searchin up my Lex over who's petrol My tech blows straight off the roof and tests yo' respect though But dough don't respect me, it got me handcuffed The rough life, I just be up nights, breathin with scuffed Nike's Pour my beers for my peoples under the stairs These years I got they names in my swears Poppin Cristal like it's my first child, lickin shots, holiday style Rockin Steele sweaters, Wallaby down Twenty-four carats, countin cabbage, like the arabs The marriage of me and the mic is just like magic Elegant performance, bubble Lex full insurance Guzzlin Guinness shootin catchin cases concurrent It's Nas, seven hundred wives, King Solomon size We on the rise, me and G, ghetto wise guys The Luciano, Frankie 'Ello, Bugsy Siegel Green papers with eagles from a trade that's illegal *singer*  Brother you've got to make it happen     Yeahhhahhyeahhh, get this money, yeahhh     Brother you've got to make it happen     When you're living in the fast life, heyy yeah yeah Verse Three: G Rap, Nas [Rap] Aiyyo my lifestyle's exquisite, yayo like a blizzard [Nas] It's choir attire standin on ground with one pivot [Rap] Two players rockin silk blazers and diamonds like glaciers [Nas] Lands with namebrand seats reclinin like in spaceships [Rap] Bodies on ice [Nas] Livin trife, rollin fixed up dice [Rap] Gamblin Grants [Nas] Handlin stamps [duo] Moves are sheist [Nas] My bankrolls, got the cops comin in plain clothes [Rap] Tryin to arraign again cause of our fame that's how the game goes [Nas] True [Rap] Right out the slammer with the fame and glamour   Cookin up grams with Arm & Hammer supplyin scramblers in Alabama [Nas] Rub out faces and leave no traces   My aces got mad body cases, preserve spaces at the horse races   Servin us Dom P my cliquo   Dimes with magnifico, puttin' in cut inside pedico   Heat for foes, shoppin sprees with my fleet for clothes   in Carribean suites, deep, rippin beats with flows [Rap] Aiyyo, we went from standin on blocks, without some socks   sellin rocks, to pickin up stock and boat docks with glocks   and got poppy seed fields with million dollar bills   Packin all the blue steel we keeps it real inside the battlefield [Nas] Yeah so here's a toast to the funds and things   Gun smokes in rings, graveyards is buried with kings   Chorus *singer does same part again with variations to fade, mostly "I" for "you* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Korn f/ Nas Album: Take a Look in the Mirror Song: Play Me Typed by: desi_blitz@hotmail.com [Nas] Everybody's an Enemy Telling me lies and it's killing me Why they all want to get rid of me Everybody's my enemy Several try to disguise the devil in them Wanting to get into my cerebellum but I'm Ready and willing to tell them that I can't f with them Exhale so hard it got my chest swelling Like my dick does when watching naked women Do sick stuff on my porn collection on television [Chorus - Nas] Trust nobody I don't know who to call a friend They all just pretend to be Fuck Everybody this is to all of ya'll Cuz everybody is an enemy Trust nobody I don't know who to call a friend They all just pretend to be Fuck Everybody this is to all of ya'll Cuz everybody is an enemy [Nas] Watching my own back Strapped in chrome, to my homies Where the tombstones at, where the hoes at? Cuz to many didn't act like dikes, hermaphrodites With benzene, amen Look at the trash they biting The life in times is kinda weaker Like the time and life of the sandman On Apollo theater Imagine that another black with a hook Who pulls the wack talent off the stage I'm enraged [Jonathan Davis] You fill your lies around me and you think you won You feel you can control me with the things you've done You think you can take me you think you can play me you're going to start to hate me I feel that you disgraced me [x5] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KRS-One f/ Nas, S-Five Album: Adventures In Emceein Song: The Real Hiphop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nas] Aiyyo man, this is the end And let me tell you somethin man My man KRS, when I heard Spit-tacular was comin out The greatest emcee of all time I said I couldn't wait, I couldn't believe it I couldn't wait to witness it The greatest emcee of all time, KRS And I'm from Queensbridge, you heard? [KRS-One] Let's go~! I pray for my people that the light do reach you Ignorance is lethal, this is why I teach you Every boy and girl the wolf wanna eat you But the wolf is part of the same world that deceives you Once you realize that there is no separation You'll control the wolf from the center of your creation! This that new rap language, or slanguage Somethin to bang with man, we call it Edutainment man! In 1994 DeSean Burke said it Do you remember there we laid out the plan? To overstand hip-hop you gotta overstand hip-hoppers Afrika Bambaataa, they made this man! And yeah there were others, undocumented sisters and brothers that fell to crimes and drugs, it was crazy man! But the secret to Edutainment is to take hip-hop beyond entertainment, leave baby land! [Chorus: repeat 2X] It seems we all forgot about that real hip-hop KRS-One, bringin you that real hip-hop That real music you've been waitin for to reach your spot That main ingredient believable to keep this hot [S-Five] I manifest it from this hip-hop, adolescent Now add the essence of S, now you got a weapon Now pay attention if you listenin and you listen close We're in position to lyrically hit you where it hurts the most My proposition of philosophy spittin was written The contradiction of the system's that I can not spit this I can not budge to be a gimmick, I shoved you with lyrics then did it consecutive grippin, 'til I figured you'd gain They like S come, huh? Meet KRS-One Father of hip-hop, you're sorta like his step-son The way, I get some, I done been it and had some Rhymes, out of my mind so haters be vexin I bless them, with a message like a scripture, paintin a picture The fame insane, screamin my name Picture the game changed, from that music that we all adventured But all is not lost, hip-hop, I won't forget ya [KRS-One] KRS is after you crash the truck And your jewels get plucked And your so-called friends begin lyin again What? When your life is thin That's when I come in, KRS Yeah! Big shout out to my man M-I-C, Track Dons you did it again Temple of Hiphop, stand up Let's go to work [Chorus] - 5/8ths The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Large Professor f/ Nas Album: The L.P. Song: One Plus One Typed by: Delph226@aol.com [Intro: Nas] Large Pro., Nas. Traveling through your mind one time. Get bliss to this. [Verse One: Nas] The greatest lesson ever learned, has yet to be taught niggaz running outta court like "what the fuck they thought?" It made me somber, my mans I just can't picture being locked up they used to being mad fly 850 I style Cherokee, letters read Nas they could never bury me but kill me, my nigga you free Truly, reppin' QB my life is like a movie The credits at the end and the film plays again The script is every rhyme I ever said  off the head Infinity drive Without a sound Queens bound Paully got a call for war out from 40 Meeting out in Beach Channel with peeps from Hammel Blunted niggaz get roasted in they rides soak they tongues to Remy Heat's in the 5 series high and leery when those blue and white cars drive near me Avirex, Gore-TeX wet with fly jewelry Israelite original insight and lethal first Hebrew God sent golden Asian phenomenal you can't say the name Nas without saying the honorable Wealthy, Wall Street read the chronicle I fuck big titty chicks who sip the Long Island City lix Drunk off the Azay (Alize) with Henny mixed Mad niggaz is jail like TCB teach me everything you see ain't always what it be Hardly able to chill night ills feeling slight chills finding out that rich nigga got to write wills High 'til I die Eldorado red pack the Uz-o pretty thug Last Don by Mario Puzo [Verse Two: Large Professor] Stages and places that we go through in a lifetime, maybe more than a few 'Cuz one day you're A and the next you may have a brand new topic and see a new way Like history, while it's repeating  I'm beating the drum on the dumb and blurry don't worry The least bit about shit when the weak split The raw brain remains  long range This is possible I know and charge like a rhino bro, I gotta let this music go For the maestro  climbs higher heights yo Season a bass line and mind of a Bandog shrine In hell, can't tell  all the times I fell But can tell the thing called man I stand In the eyes of the father tasteful like guava unravel and break down a tec and solve a Problem, in no time you'll lose your mind tryin' to calculate the rate of the Large's incline Out of nowhere, I go where few can go on the strength I be rising on tunes and flow with the flock very seldom  words when I weld them Connect for the perfect brew I you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Large Professor f/ Nas Album: Stay Chisel (Promo CDS) Song: Stay Chisel (Solo Version) Typed by: DaSun Akbar (Chorus) Stay chisel like a box of wife-beater by a Fila Lou Ferrigno Arnold Schwarzenegger type steelo Stay chisel, check your paper nigga Bring the bardy of chess, then push it up harder than the rest Stay chisel, precisely cup, sharp the fuck You thought this was a game we came to charge you up So take it to the brain, laid peoples, know how throw them things Swift on them toes, knockout blow, so stay chisel [Large Professor] Ayo Nas?, I was telling them niggas on the ave. the same shit the other day (right) Kids gotta stay sharp (no doubt) or stay chisel (chisel) [Nas] Yo, performing chest naked, I'm looking sharp for the peoples Not in my physical form, strong thoughts, I'm cock-diesel Brolic with knowledge so flow with me Intelligence benching, four thousand & four fifty Light a Dumbbell L, Inhale then hear the lunch bell ring Sweating, working up her appetite, setting Mental calisthenics got my mind stretching, then I release it Have my whole frame bulging under diamond pieces Take the weight of the world on my shoulders, I hold it So I consume most of pain for my niggas that I roll with 'Cause see the streets ain't no GOLD'S GYM, papi And if I feel it going down then my niggas'll spot me Without the mind the body weight don't even mean nothing Let's take three brothers and put them in the being or something Who's gon' survive the wise man, the fool or the warrior? Well if all of their minds are chisel, then all of them (Chorus) [Nas] I stayed proper from my head to my feet I did the red meat, the best sweet I dated stressful chicks so now I'm stress-free Cause life's too short for heartache Let's fucking party, buy trucks and Ferraris Driving across the globe, why not? Sick of the same spot, move to the next It's real niggas everywhere, bigger business plans Bigger connects, every woman to one man, it's ten to one Without the feeling of someone making you scared to get up and run  It's called escaping, the mental raping How could the mind grow when you stagnant around dude's who're too slow, my brother's trifling Pushing cars the color of lightning Read the writing in my skin... it spells GOD'S SON There always be another coming up  A killer got a mom son, that's why his luck is never running up She praise for him, his taking over you position love Doing what you use to do, being who you was (Chorus) [Nas] Reduce fat rap, no calories in my mentality No sugar no starch, the pull-ups is hard but get money Breathe out your nose, start with light weights Wheat bread instead no carbohydrates Building my stamina, I'ma rep for the hood Plum less now my stomach stretch from the grub Good living, good women, them sex is straight stallions Bow-leg stances, go'head handsome Knuckle game, it's like Rubin Hurricane  Dance to the music for the brain Y'all dudes will never see me down Reading everything, books and body language Du Bois, Baldwin, and Chavis Assata, John Hope Franklin, Angela Davis Keep your chest up, head straight, eyes to the center In your worst situation, gotta rise you a winner So if I'm down to my last dime, cowards will never know 'Cause yo my shit is solid, remember yo (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Large Professor f/ Nas Album: 1st Class Song: Stay Chizzle Typed by: javier_escobar_86@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Stay chizzled like a box of white Bitdaba-Fila Luther ain't no Arnold Schwarzenegger type steelo Stay chizzled, check your vapor nigga Bring the bardy of chess, then push it up harder than the rest Stay chizzled, precisely cup, sharp the fuck You thought this was a game we came to charge you up So take it to the brain, laid peoples, know how throw them things Swiff on them toes, knockout blow, so stay chizzle Ey yo Nas, I was tellin' them niggas on the ave. the same shit the other day (right) Kids gotta stay sharp (no doubt) or stay chizzle (chizzle) Yo, perform, a chest naked, I'm lookin' sharp for the peoples Not in my physical form, strong thoughts, I'm cock-diesel Brolic with knowledge so flow with me Intelligence benchin', 4004-50, light a Dunbell L Inhale the hater, lunchgirl rings, sweatin' Working up her appetite, settin' Mental-calistetics got my mind stretchin', then I release it Have my whole frame bowgin' under diamond pieces Take the weight of the world on my shoulders, I hold it So I consume most the pain for my niggaz I roll wit 'Cause see, the streets ain't no ghost-gym, papi And if I feel it going down then my niggaz'll spot me Without the mind, the body, weight don't even mean nothin' Let's take 3 brothers and put them in the bing or something Who's gonna survive? The wise man, the fool or the warrior Well if all of their minds are chizzle, then all of them I stay chizzle, like Snoop Dogg, fo' chizzle my nizzle In them hardcore streets I'm a straight artificial 6-pack, don motivator, throw on the weight up Kid try to front so I show him straight up Had to smoke click, flab a gasti Way I was cutting 'em up, when kid yelled out "Grab the basket" Tryied to rush me, luckily I wasn't rusty Pulled out, searched them all out like a custy Couldn't go out, highway with a blowout Like Frank, I did it my way, no doubt Large billionaire and I'm still here Writing rhymes for this sphere, I do not feel fear You heard, I'm the dude on deporture to Irv And I tell you right now, kid, soft is word That don't discribe me, what y'all know is ______ Barbeque II, Nas right here beside me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LeToya f/ Nas Album: She Don't (Remix) 12" Song: She Don't (Remix) Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com *Car honk* [Verse One: Nas] Nas - Some girls lie a lot They could be fly or not Actresses cry a lot Their girlfriends spy a lot They could shake your hand, girl Then they take your man, girl The hood not knowin' We had somethin' good goin' Now these shorties after me 'Cause they saw us happy And that you bagged me Now they wishin' that they had me So watch who you hang with And who you clang with You know these bitches ain't shit They hopin' to bank chips With a baller - and after she done laid in his bed He never call her - he gamed her, then he left her for dead Birds of a feather flock together But chickens don't fly, they eat their own shit and die Don't be affiliated, the relationship we had, I tried to imitate it With somebody new, 'cause our love just disintegrated I paid for ice to spoil So I know best it's gonna take a good man to wife LeToya [Verse Two: LeToya] Hello baby, as I was walkin' by Hesitated and then I realized 'There go David' I was surprised to see you And I asked - 'Do you remember me?' Boy I'm so elated to run into you here Shadow faded with diamonds in your ears The memories that go, I don't wanna let go Hear you say you got a girlfriend, but I know [Chorus: LeToya] She don't even touch you like this (no) She don't even kiss you like this (Oh noooo) She don't even treat you like I do (like I do) Boy you know that (boy you know that) She don't even touch you like this (ooooohh) She don't even kiss you like this (ooh nooo) She don't even treat you like I do [Verse Three: LeToya] Ooh, I see us makin' plans Me and you, forget your circumstance Don't be actin' like me and you don't go way back Late night tippin' in yo Cadillac See I'm no psychic, but I can understand She's a sidekick, but I know all your fantasies She can't do it to you like I used to And you know that I know That she can't do you like I do, whoa [Chorus: LeToya] She don't even touch you like this She don't even kiss you like this (Ooooh) She don't even treat you like I do (like I do) Boy you know that (boy you know that) She don't even touch you like this (she can kiss you.. no-no) She don't even kiss you like this (she can treat you.. no-no) She don't even treat you like I do (whoooaa) [Verse Three: LeToya] Look at me and tell me you ain't feelin' me Boy you know that I'm the one you need (oh-oh-oh) She's a waste of time, I can love you riigghhhtt (Boy you know that) I already know you want it personal So there ain't no need to take it slow (oh-oh-oh, you know) You know your best is your first So tell me why you're with her [Chorus: LeToya] She don't even touch you like this (whooaa) She don't even kiss you like this (she can neither kiss you baby) She don't even treat you like I do (like I do) Boy you know that (boy you know that) She don't even touch you like this (she don't even) She don't even kiss you like this (she don't even) She don't even treat you like I do (she don't even touch you like I do now, boy you know that) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Jon f/ Bun B, Ice Cube, Jadakiss, Nas, T.I. Album: Crunk Juice Song: Grand Finale Typed by: The_Streets_Disciple@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist {*SIREN sounds*} [Intro: Lil' John talking] "Yeeeeah! (Yeeeeah!) It's been a long journey getting' to this motherfuckin' point of this Crunk Juice shit. (What?!) But we done got to the last motherfuckin' song niggaz (Last shit niggaz!) And I got five of the hottest motherfuckin' emcees in the world, givin' you that gangsta shit! IT'S THE MOTHERFUCKIN' GRAND FINALE!!!!!!" [Verse 1: Bun B] We growin' doja in the basement in that underwater garden (Okay) When hereon in the bank shed, dry it 'til it harden Make it hash up in the oven (Man), put yayo in the hot plate Drain and dry in the freezer, it's obvious we got weight I said hard work, that's soft work even with wet work Built-in clientele so we ain't gotta network (Let's go) We always got work, so we ain't gotta get work And if you ain't gettin' your work from us you bound to get jerked We yayo experts, we been whippin' the yola since the crackas decided to take the coke from Coca-Cola Hold the rollers, the king of the Trill The underground as well, you can step in the ring when you feel Nigga just sound the bell Can't sound the heaters in this game, but the grind I'm lovin' Nigga we passed all that pushin', man it's time for shovin' I got the mask, I got the strap, soon as I find the gloves We gonna start exposin' off like Farhrenheit 9/11 [Verse 2: Jadakiss] I'ma speak clearly 'cause I don't think they hearin' me A nigga only fear's gettin' charged with conspiracy I'ca get it right to ya, sticky green white to ya Wear whatever you want, bullets goin' right through ya If you stressin' to get buried My niggaz'll send you back to the essence in a hurry Sippin' Crunk Juice, blowin' Dutchies in the Chevy Try to figure me out dawg, I'm light but I'm heavy Yellow lemonheads in the bezzie of the presi' And yeah, anybody'ca rock but D-Block rock steady (D-Block!) FED's don't need no warrants 'cause y'all all informants So I get higher than New York insurance Try to keep shit clean like Florence Moved on up on the East side 'cause I never lost endurance And it's all real niggaz, if I ever get a license to carry Shit, that's a license to kill niggaz [Verse 3: T.I.] I refuse to lose, I rather give these weak dudes the blues And separate them from they jewels, teach 'em don'ts and do's I raise tools, make crews make decisions confused All spectators can say is, "This lil' nigga's a fool" A short fuse with some loose screws, some unscrewed Better prove, you niggaz pussy as the Moulan Rouge So who guardin' who, you know who to you know what To you know where, goin' 'gainst 'em's too unfair 'Cause everywhere you do a show he got kinfolk there Now you know I ain't no ?, I got ten folk there They ain't powerful as the one at the end of your prayer Got you runnin' for your life without a minute to spare Catch you dead to the granite, melt the grease in your hair When I go, them boys is gonna be indecent affair Guarantee you nah a real nigga breathin' accounted At your funeral, just your parents and the preacher was there Hollow, television name-dropper reachin' for help So I ain't gotta say a word, pimp you beatin' ya'self You gon' get what you deserve for disrespectin' the game Any nigga with the nerve to say another man name When that other man ain't even present And deny it when somebody ask him about it That nigga's a lame, you like to lie on the mic Hide behind fame, I was a G when I came That's the way I remain [Verse 4: Nas] Who besides the Egyptian-walker, fuckers have a conniption My existence persistent to bring foes misfortune I dazzle 'em, like the alderman, Billy Dee in Mahogany, minus the perm From the tiniest sperm that the mightiest The Almighty can muster Project prophet, chronic blockage gives Alzheimer's to youngsters Amongst them is me, can't remembers my beefs With who? For what? They screw-face me up, my boo laced me up Bolinsiaga, flimsy condo with bimbos in south of Kalan Gro in pimp mode The inf' glow on his clothes and you know it's over Hammer hit pin, pin hit shell, from the shell the slug gonna chew ya Try not to lose me, I try not to lose'ya Mamma say mamma sa mu makasa, fly to Cuba To chill with some politi-kill niggaz who ill 'Cause y'all niggaz are losers, don't get comfortable nigga Say hello to Mr. Bad Guy, get that cash par, I'm the last don You'll ever know so, here you go y'all can take these thoughts Anyway I'm chargin' emcees a late fee cost So when y'all done with my style, please break me off But never make Nas mad just in case cross 'Cause ah, lately y'all don't make me happy To calm my nerve I need the herb GNC don't carry [Verse 5: Ice Cube] Who the fuck is that? It's Ice Cube motherfucka He's a maniac, no I'ma fool motherfucka Old school motherfucka, blow through a motherfucka What you heard about a nigga so true motherfucka See I'm ugly and prettay, I'm polished and grittay Shoot better than that nigga that tried to kill 50 See, niggaz get shittay when I come to their cittay When I hit the spot that bitch they like -- she cummin' with me Cause I got an ego big as TO, but I'm not an Eagle Bitch, I roll with Rigo 'cause gangstas don't dance we boogie I told you motherfuckas Kobe didn't take that pussy Get money, get paid, you can beat that shit Even if the DA is a piece'a shit Colorado got movatos, don't eat that shit Another White bitch lyin' on thee Black dick I keep it flippin' like flapjacks, pimpin' like black 'Lacs Give niggaz flashbacks, they sweaty as ass cracks When I hit the tar mat, it feel like a carjack Niggaz get out and vanish like Star Treks So fuckin incredible, I'm so fuckin' credible No matter what happen, I'll never turn federal And that's my report comin' straight from Cali Ice Cube is the shit on this motherfuckin' Grand Finale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Bun B, Busta Rhymes, Nas, Shyne Album: Tha Carter IV Song: Outro Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Bun B] Yeah...when I step in the spot, motherfuckers say, "Who that?" Big Bun Beater, but you already knew that Live from the state where they chop it and screw that You hatin on the trill OG, where they do that? (for real!) Motherfuckers need to get off the dick man Fall the fuck back like a bike with no kickstand Get out my mix man, just go' get you stuck Deeper in the quicksand, with no easy fix man (damn!) No tricks man, those is for kids Kush in my cigar, and hoes in the crib Drank and the 20 ounce froze in the fridge You fuckin with PA so you know what it is (what it is) I'm sittin on the fours that clack Comin down candy in the golden Lac We gettin to the money like it's Goldman Sachs And we do it for the pimps that are holding back, let's go! {*echoes*} [Nas] Look who crept in with automatic weapons, reppin QB till the death of him That...nigga that inspired lyrical tyrants like Kanye West and Em Track record goes back to The Essence Smack adolescents who ask who the best is I'm nasty like gas from a fat man, attested I pass it, you gaspin for breath and you die fast But I'm like a gastronomic bypass Bunch of Nas advocates, actors seemed to get typecast in the same role Since sixteen I ain't grow a day old yet my brain grow, cocaine white Range Rov' Tats on my body like an art exhibit, I did real good for a project nigga Was once a Bacardi sipper, now it's Chandon, fat blunts in the car with strippers Guns in compartments hidden, I was real young, look at youth, a novice nigga Blessings, bowed down, respected, chowed down now my food's digested Pow pow, with my shooters are techs, bust louder than the noise that I just spit Let's get one thing straight that my crown ain't for testin... testin Chop heads off like King Henry the Eighth, guillotine to ya neck bitch~! I'm a king in this thing, don't be dumb Been in this shit since '91 Niggaz can't fuck with the style I use Your fate is +sealed+, no Heidi Klum Calm now, was a wylin dude, studied cowards that made power moves Watched Wild Planet seen lions devour food, you can say that's how I move A monster nigga, and I don't really like doing songs with niggaz And yo my nigga Wayne - let them niggaz hate And like my nigga Drake say, "We ain't got time to respond to niggaz" [Shyne] I'm a villain, I'm a villain, all that happens in the street Poverty and desperation made me everything I be I'm a shotta, when I pop up with them poppers burn ya block up Call the judges, call the coppers, we takin over Gotham Word to Poppa {*echoes*} Bl-bl-blood gang, five! It's that Blood gang, five, but green is the bottom line I run this town, I ain't gon' lie, they run they mouth, they ain't gon' fight They actin like they ain't gon' die until I let them llamas fly Flatbush to Bed, do or die, from Watts to Larry Hoover Chi Poverty and heroine, it's no place for a juvenile Greed in our heart, it's the green that we want Cash Money is the company and Weezy the boss! {*echoes*} [Busta Rhymes] They say I'm underrated (uh huh), but un-compete-with-able Understandable, being that my rating levels are unreachable Anything said other than that should be silenced, unspeakable! And the thought of you being nicer than me? Unfeasible! They ask is what I do ever gonna stop, this shit will never end That's when you hear a car crash in the vocal booth got 'em sayin "There he goes again!" See now they nominated a nigga to come and flatten everything Now let me dominate it, nigga run And they be knowin that I be blackin on everything And make it complicated like a nigga constipated with a gun I gotta make it what they want and wake em when I come and shake em And bake em and take em to another place Ain't no fakin, ain't no kind of mistakin how I be breakin up Everything and be creating a s-s-s-situation when I'm done (damn!) You see I spit National Treasure, discography rich And I done killed more cats than curiosity snitch! Most of you niggaz sorry and owe apologies quick What the fuck you niggaz still hangin'around here for? You apostrophe bitch! {*laughs*} Okay, now enough of that, see now I'm out the door Tunechi, thanks for giving us a whole nother classic with Tha Carter IV {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lloyd f/ Andre 3000, Nas Album: You 12" Song: You (Remix) Typed by: rishi_brar@hotmail.com [Andre 3000] I said, "what time you get off?" She said, "when you get me off" I kinda laughed but it turned into a cough Because I swallowed down the wrong pipe Whatever that mean, you know old people say it so it sounds right So I'm standing there embarassed, if we were both in Paris I would have grabbed her by the waist and kissed her, but We in the middle of whole foods, and those foods Ain't supposed to beef, but you'd think I hated tofu Check-in line got rowdy, my vision got cloudy I started seeing some circles like some Audi Emblem, I'm hearing them say, come on man Do this own your own time, get the hell on, man I walked out, hm, I got bout Half-way to my car when I heard shorty shout "3000, forgot your credit card, smart move By the way, my little sister loves your cartoon" Well, here's my name and numb If I ain't the one, lose it, if I am, use it If a man, chooses, and he can, do's it And he don't, don't take it personal, he might be might be swamped With making mozarella - no, making laws bettter Cheese will come, believe me, I'm, never focussed on the cash Ask Mel Gibson, Jesus Christ, I'm bout the pass... ion [Lloyd] Tired, baby bring that thang back You know where my heart at Shorty, would you press some love Cause I'm about to lose it With the way you move it It's been making me do it Girl tell me what it do I'll change the game for you I'm a player, yes it's true, but... Can I be for real? This is how I feel I'm in need of love So let's dip up out of here Oooh, you just my type Everything so right And I just wanna chill So let's dip up out of here Let's dip up out of here [Bridge] Ahh, ahh-ahh, ahhh-ahhhh... She's fine too, but I want you... Ahh, ahh-ahh, ahhh-ahhhh... She's fine too, but I want you... [Verse 2] I'll admit it, this just ain't no game These just ain't words that I'm spittin If you could see that thugs that in my hair I'm trippin, I'm a player, it's true But I'll change the game for you Wanna see what it do, oooh... Can I be for real? This is how I feel I'm in need of love So let's dip up out of here Oooh, you just my type Everything so right And I just wanna chill So let's dip up out of here Let's dip up out of here... [Bridge] Ahh, ahh, ahh-ahhh, ahhhh... She's fine too, but I want you... Ahh, ahh, ahh-ahhh, ahhhh... She's fine too, but I want you... [Nas] Yeah, Nas be in the crib low, strip polin it Cold guinness, bitter taste, slim waist, I'm gon hit it We low-key baby, like a baritone Apple com-puter, e-mail me to come scoop ya Run through ya, undo ya bra, gimme medulla, uh Ya cute as a movie star, in sin city, hennessey, my love slave Lovin is pimpin, no rest 'have, with none of 'em I would leave every one of em, you just say it Just leave it where it is, he ain't aware of sleep and dogs lie But keep a sharp eye on him, cause I'm the wrong guy To wanna put this four-five on em, let's get it on, ma You got my nose wide open You already locked down and rot down, but so delicious If he get suspicious, bring up his old mistress I ain't dry-snitchin, but why should you be feelin bad Cause I be killin that, huh? Can I be for real? This is how I feel I'm in need of love So let's dip up out of here Oooh, you just my type Everything so right And I just wanna chill So let's dip up out of here Let's dip up out of here... [Bridge] Ahh, ahh, ahh-ahhh, ahhhh... She's fine too, but I want you... Ahh, ahh, ahh-ahhh, ahhhh... She's fine too, but I want you... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ Nas Album: I'm Gonna Be Alright CDS Song: I'm Gonna Be Alright (Remix) Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Jennifer Lopez & (Nas)] Oh yes (Uh, this for you girl) [Nas] Yo, I took you from the projects, put the best clothes in ya closet Like Ginger from "Casino" and now you a pro We was like Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe All ya jealous girlfriends hatin' waitin' So I put the cards in yo hand All I know, when Nas was yo man It was so real, boats and sixes Special Japanese chefs makin' home cooked dishes Plenty trips, invisible sets You know what you missin' [Jennifer Lopez] Money, cars for a while I walked around with a smile But deep inside, I could hear Voices telling me "This ain't right" Don't you know, it's not for you I always knew what I had to do But it's hard to get away Cause I love you I just got to say I used to say I didn't do it but I did it (Yes I did) After telling everybody that I wasn't with it  Though it brings tears to my eyes I can feel it And I know inside that I'm gonna be alright (Gonna be alright) I said I didn't do it but I did it (Yes I did) After telling everybody that I wasn't with it  Though it brings tears to my eyes I can feel it And that voice inside says I'm gonna be alright (Gonna be alright) [Jennifer Lopez] Friends of mine say to me Say you got control over me You're not alone, I played my part I saw the way you were from the start Cause I expect so much from you You had a girl when I first met you Did the best that you could do Now I realize, I can't change you [Jennifer Lopez & {Nas}] Said I wouldn't walk away Some days I want to stay (Days I want to stay) But leaving you is what I need to do (Need to do) To be OK (I need to be OK) I never thought it would be true (Would be true) Be leaving without you (Leaving without you) {Huh, this life is crazy} So now it's time for me to make that move [Nas with J.Lo ad-libs] Huh check it Yo nobody understands me, I'm dealin' with pressure My peoples is locked in a jail cell with no bail stressin' Guess it's the life of a kingpin Rap Stephen King, rap bling like neon lights, we gon' be alright But it's like, you feelin' me lesser Claim I'm actin' like a retard, right? Me and my boys, we start fights, when will I mature You scream I'm in the streets all night Or where was I at, ya found light brown hairs on my hat I'm slow caught The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Jay-Z, Nas Album: Theater of the Mind Song: I Do it for Hip Hop Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Ludacris] I do it for hip-hop... I do it for hip-hop... I do it for hip-hop... Now this is what they call poetry in motion My soul BLEEDS on the paper, heart SCREAMS with emotion It's my daily devotion, the verses stay deeper than the ocean So hip-hop you owe me a promotion! Yeah I do a little boastin and braggin What's all the commotion and naggin about? Is it 'cause I'm still the champ in the South? 'Cause rappers get in the booth and I keep draggin em out? Well they're fired, and these pink slips, I'm handin em out 'Cause this is "Theater of the Mind," consider it a sign of what's to come next, my money's just fine Bank filled with dumb checks, terrorist threat flow Proceed to drop bombs like Mr. Funk Flex But I don't do it for the money, I do it from the heart I do it with the beat box, I did it from the start I do it for the dee jays, I do it for the charts The Van Gogh flow, Luda do it 'cause it's art I do it for the fans, I do it on command I do it for the front row, I do it for the stands I spit it for the hood, I do it for the block And since nine years old I did it for hip-hop So... [Chorus: Ludacris] I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop [Nas] Uhh...uhh...uh They say I'm so low key, I'm socially awkward Only niggaz who really know me, who I talk with They smile in the light, hate in the dark You call it beef, to me, it's just a fuckin walk in the park 'Cause you are who you are when nobody's lookin That's who you are, so when the cash and the cars is gone the day after tomorrow, don't be askin to borrow Ski mask it hard, like the way you rap in your bars I can ride on you and whoever, devise new endeavors I'm as live as a hive full of predators Twenty thousand different species of bees Some have poisonous stings, some just pollen their leaves It's like rap, some just buzz, some will attack Compromise their own life in fact Sixteen years since my first sixteen Pardon the rest of my niggaz...but I'm the best who's ever did it! [Chorus: Ludacris] + (Nas) I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} (Uh! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Yeah! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Uh!) (Both: I do it for hip-hop) And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks (Why we do it kid?) {*scratches*} (I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Yeah! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Uh! I do it for hip-hop) [Jay-Z] Hip-hop! Started out in the park We used to do it to avoid the narcs I used to do it so the homeboy Clark can get the fuck off my back while I knocked off these packs I used to rap to impress my friends To pass the time while I was gettin it in Just so happens, I'm so illegal with the pen They ain't want me doin anything illegal again I lost a lot of dogs to these streets I got Grammy awards on these beats Thank God for Kool Herc Without your shit I probably would've got merked Shout out to Grandmaster Flash and to Caz and even Jaz bum ass Hip-hop helped me wash my rocks These other rappers couldn't wash my socks That's why I took the number one slot The realest shit in rap comes from my voice box Lord knows when I was on my clock I prolly never woulda stopped, thank God for hip-hop [Chorus: Ludacris] + (Jay-Z) I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} (Uh! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Both: I do it for hip-hop) And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks {*scratches*} (Come on! I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (I do it for hip-hop) {*scratches*} (Both: I do it for hip-hop) [constant scratches of the first verse for approximately 55 seconds] [Chorus: Ludacris] I don't do it for them cars and the fancy drops {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop And I don't it for the chains and the flashin rocks {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*scratches*} I do it for hip-hop {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lyfe Jennings f/ Nas Album: Lyfe 268-192 (Special Edition) Song: Must Be Nice (Remix) Typed by: dallas112263@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nas talking] It must be nice ... damn right it's nice Wish you could get in my shoes, baby It's crazy, man A thug love letter for you foes A thug love letter.. [Nas] A thug love letter written in mimosas for ink Pen wobbles on paper, Hypnotiq, I'm chaser I spit the escape for prisoners of paper Couples in trouble, good people with bad nature Temptations, me and the queen, a better team Than Kareem and Worthy, in that new SL early Me and Ms. Purty, happy, live through me Vicariously, I made it safe for gangstas to marry Life.. [Lyfe] Must be nice Having someone who understands the life you live Must be nice Having someone who's slow to take and quick to give Must be nice Having someone who sticks around when the rough times get thick someone who's smile is bright enough to make the projects feel like a mansion Must be nice Having someone who loves you despite your faults Must be nice Having someone who talks the talk but also walks the walk Must be nice Having someone who understands that a thug has feelings too someone who loves you for sho' you just remember to never let 'em go [Chorus: Lyfe] Even when your hustling days are gone She'll be by your side still holding on Even when those 20's stop spinning and all those gold-digging women disappear she'll still be here [Lyfe] Must be nice Having someone you can come home to from a long day of work Must be nice Having someone you don't have to show they know exactly where it hurts Must be nice Having someone who trusts you despite what they've heard Someone as mighty as a lion but still as gentle as a bluebird Must be nice Having someone you don't have to tell you don't want to be alone Must be nice Having someone you can grow old with until God calls ya'll home Must be nice Having someone who understands that a thug has feelings too someone who loves you for sho' you never let 'em go [Nas] My man just came home, talking that "I'ma get rich" stuff He ain't stitched up, being he was sent up Inside a maximum prison, he laughing and grinning On the streets again, relaxing with women Asked if I've been in--the Oscar awards Have I driven the most popular cars Sitting in Maybachs with stars What's happening, Nas I say I stay grounded My paper, don't count it Just notice I'm glowing Just watch and keep growing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Made Men f/ Nas Album: Black Friday Song: A Few Good Niggas Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Mann Terror] Ain't no mistaken you see my chain you know who I'm with Made niggas banging them hits, you banging them fist With just a few good niggas, we can make this doe And with a few good heaters, we can make some more You only get something hot when you face the mob Probably blow a whole job with Escobar From the fiend up in NY that can't be stiffed Fucking with my dawgs only get you rained through quick So much ice in my jewels I can be from Bedrock  And I smoke that weed that put your brain in headlock Wanna be a witness nigga you can witness this! Four fevers straight to your wig splitting your shit  Niggas hate you if you make it, so they pray you fail Petty bitches run their mouth, Jake want you in jail That's the life of a Made Men, tighten the game plan Come through and bomb things, we either hang men (Chorus) Ray Benzino It takes a few good niggas just to set it off Watch your back, squeeze triggers then we let it off We're annoyed by the fact nigga's telling too much It's a shame how these nigga's always jelling in such  You can't handle the truth, the words that we speak It's time for us to separate the strong from the weak Gangsta real shit from beginning to the end (Nas to QB), Boston Made Men, (What?) [Nas] Fuck around lay around nigga Yo as the blunt hangs low from my defiant lips Smoke emerge in the shape of halo's the chronic's lit My hoes are pornographic, flow's orgasmic  Doe stacking, strict as Joe Jackson training five kids to blow Fraction of my mind died years ago, miserable drunk Beers at most, swung at by school principal then I flunk Peace to my foes who really took it dead with the beef Peace to them hoes who left their pussy hairs in my teeth I've proposed to the street corners, heat on us to clap the phony Thug matrimony, champions like Shaq and Kobe  Porno stars hoes like, Nairobi Knight wanna fuck us It's ruckus, water bed half the niggas can't touch us Seen it happen to the best, clap to their death I tell you no lies, you ask me, no questions  Look at my eyes, pupils are neutral To the shit my body done, I shot lots of guns .22's, .45's to none, to murder a Virgo Spooky bitches try reading my chart  I sleep with lights on, grown and scared of the dark It's not because of horror movies but the art of the beast Sparking Uzi's, rest in peace Barkin, it's war in 2G I wish my words could resurrect Ennis Cosby I'd make Stevie or Ray Charles see the hate that bothers me I feel like pulling out patches of my own hair Said the words of my friend paralyzed in his wheelchair It's like... (Chorus) Ray Benzino [L.O.] Born in a project hall next to a fiend smacked out Plus my pops wasn't around and my moms was cracked out OG's in my air trying to better my routes Put me up on made niggas with major clout A few of the best, nigga we're the last ones left From Boston to Queensbridge, better grab your vest Don't want these hot tests burning your flesh  Jealous niggas hate us to death, gorgeous ladies giving us sex Loving and living, bank rolls, sagging my denims  D's on our dick, rather see us locked in prison Noisy neighbors look out their windows all in our business My man ink spots the deceased, I'm trying to stay alive These niggas always saying dead dawg, But whose dawg dies? It's me against the world, but I'ma hold my own Work my way up, and soon enough I had a throne Don't get it twisted I'ma bastard but boy I'm grown And only fuck with a few niggas (Chorus) Ray Benzino [Outro: Nas] That's right nigga, a few good niggas No fake niggas, only real niggas making shit happen in 2000 baby Nas and Made Men, I love to see my niggas get money That shit makes me feel good; I love to see niggas get money I love to see niggas get money A few good niggas, that's us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Main Source f/ Nas, Fatal, Akinyele Album: Breakin Atoms Song: Live at the Barbeque Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ahhhhhhhhhhh-ohhhh-ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! It's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X and that's all! [Nas] Street's disciple, my raps are trifle I shoot slugs from my brain just like a rifle Stampede the stage, I leave the microphone split Play Mr. Tuffy while I'm on some Pretty Tone shit Verbal assassin, my architect pleases When I was twelve, I went to hell for snuffin Jesus Nasty Nas is a rebel to America Police murderer, I'm causin hysteria My troops roll up with a strange force I was trapped in a cage and let out by the Main Source Swimmin in women like a lifeguard Put on a bulletproof nigga I strike hard Kidnap the President's wife without a plan And hangin niggaz like the Ku Klux Klan I melt mics till the sound waves over Before steppin to me you'd rather step to Jehovah Slammin MC's on cement Cause verbally, I'm iller than a AIDS patient I move swift and uplift your mind shoot the gift when I riff in rhyme Rappin sniper, speakin real words My thoughts react, like Steven Spielberg's Poetry attacks, paragraphs punch hard My brain is insane, I'm out to lunch God Science is dropped, my raps are toxic My voicebox locks and excels like a rocket Aiyyo it's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X That's all! [Fatal] Fatal is merciful and they curse me When I grip the mic I show no mercy I got heart, I rip the party apart from the seams and hem'up like bell-bottom jeans but you get done, you get blues like 501 Brothers are live but I betcha I'm liver son So let me get upon the scene and redeem the dream of a team, and knock'em out like Mitch Green Smoke some thai weed, flow at a high speed Rap on off breaks stompin' like Northlakes Cause I'm livin larger than the founders of Fendi An Asiatic brother that many rappers envy So round up your crew and entourage And let the God Merciful just take charge Aiyyo, it's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X And that's all! [Akinyele] Some of them said (said what?) that the Ak should quit But I don't sweat it, cause I'm too big for that small shit Like pigs when it comes to a showdown Huff and puff but the Ak won't get blown down Cause I come strong, rather than come at all and not be READY That's what seperates me from the PETTY MC's gas themselves by drinking too much GETTY And get torn the fuck up like CONFETTI I'm rich and thick, your lyrics like Aunt JEMIMAH It doesn't take Keenan Ivory Wayans to know that I'MA Get You Sucka, if you bite like a PIRANHA So save them preschool rhymes for the kids at Wonderama Point blank, period, with no comma Rhymes so dangerous, call for the homi-cide Cause I knock'em dead even when I'm at my worst The only future that lies ahead of them is the lights from the hearse Got game like a crackhead But don't be mislead, I keep rappers on lock like a dread Knots in the head from the words that I said So get a shovel and dig your grave cause the shit you talk is dead Aiyyo it's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X And that's all! [Large Professor] I grab up girls like jacks Add'em on like tax, and I'm over like Hot Trax As far as brothers are concerned a pressure cooker from start To finish I diminish like a cuisinart Secondly, I'm sick of critics, who's neckin' me (Oooh he got an afro) yo, but I get dough Why's my name the Large Professor? Cause I milked your cow in other words I hit your heffer Don't talk about how you can break Rambo That's just a bunch of mamba-ja-hambo Propaganda, save it for Savanda Joe and Amanda, Zach and Alexandra Don't let the folks around your way puff your head Cause you'll be the owner of a hospital bed I'll kick fire out your ass so fast You'll be as crispy as my man Bill Blass Aiyyo, like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X And that's all! It's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X And that's all! It's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X And that's all! It's like that y'all (that y'all) That y'all (that y'all) --> repeat 5X And that's all! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley f/ Nas Album: Welcome to Jamrock Song: Road to Zion Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Yeah man, Jah will be waitin there we a shout, Jah will be waitin there!!!! In this world of calamity, dirty looks and grudges and jealousy And police weh abuse dem authority, media crush we nuh know bout variety, boom [Verse 1: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Di youngest veteran a come murder dem slow Ragamuffin sent to God before di bush bungalow Mi nuh watch it mek I carry out my voice now figarow Di hammer dem a slam and spend day a dead now Some bwoy could a big like Bam Bam Bigelow Buss off trigger finger trigger hand and trigger toe A two gun mi have mi buss dem inna stereo [Chorus: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Cause, I got to keep on walkin, on the road to Zion land Hey, we got to keep it burnin, on the road to Zion land [Verse 2: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Clean and pure meditation without a doubt Don't mek dem tek yuh like food dem to goat Jah will be waitin there we a shout, Jah will be waitin there!!!! In this world of calamity, dirty looks and grudges and jealousy And police weh abuse dem authority, media crush we nuh know bout variety Single parents weh need some charity Yutes weh need some love and prosperity Inside a broken dreams and tragedy By any plan with any means and strategy [Chorus: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] (Nas) Say, we got to keep on walkin (Yeah) on the road to Zion land (Yeah, been waitin to do this track with you man, yeah, ha ha, yeah yeah) You know (They know) you got to keep on walkin (Yeah) on the road to Zion land (You gotta keep walkin y'all, yeah, yeah, you gotta keep...) [Verse 3: Nas] Sometimes I can't help but feel helpless I'm havin daymares in daytime wide awake try to relate This can't be happenin like I'm in a dream while I'm walkin Cause what I'm seein is hauntin, human beings like ghost and zombies President Mugabi holdin guns to innocent bodies In Zimbabwe, they make John Pope seem Godly, sacrilegious and blasphemous In my lifetime I look back in paths I walked, where savages fought and passengers taught Prostitutes stomp in high heel boots And badges screamin at young black children stop or I will shoot I look back at cooked crack plus cars that pass by Jaguars mad fly, and I'm guilty for materialism Blacks is still up in the prison trust that So save me your sorry I'm raisin a Army Revolutionary warfare with Damian Marley We sparkin a iron marchin to Zion You know how Nas be NYC state of mind I'm in [Bridge: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] In this world of calamity, dirty looks and grudges and jealousy And police weh abuse dem authority, media crush we nuh know bout variety, boom [Verse 4: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Di youngest veteran a come murder dem slow Ragamuffin sent to God before di bush bungalow Mi nuh watch it mek I carry out my voice now figarow Di hammer dem a slam and spend day a dead now Some bwoy could a big like Bam Bam Bigelow Buss off trigger finger trigger hand and trigger toe A two gun mi have mi buss dem inna stereo [Chorus: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Cause, I got could keep on walkin, on the road to Zion land Hey, we got to keep it burnin, on the road to Zion land [Outro: Damian "Jr. Gong" Marley] Clean and pure meditation without a doubt Don't mek dem tek yuh like food dem to goat Jah will be waitin there we a shout, Jah will be waitin there!!!! Clean and pure meditation without a doubt Don't mek dem tek yuh like food dem to goat Jah will be waitin there we a shout, Jah will be waitin there!!!! In this world of calamity, dirty looks and grudges and jealousy And police weh abuse dem authority, media crush we nuh know bout variety Single parents weh need some charity Yutes weh need some love and prosperity Inside a broken dreams and tragedy By any plan with any means and strategy Inside a broken dreams and tragedy Yutes weh need some love and prosperity Inside a broken dreams and tragedy By any plan with any means and strategy Hey, I got to keep on walkin, on the road to Zion land You know, you got to keep on walkin, on the road to Zion land The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Master P f/ Mac, Nas, Sons of Funk Album: Only God Can Judge Me Song: Where Do We Go From Here Typed by: SouljaSno@aol.com Master P talking:  This goes out to all the soldiers out there  All the fallen soldiers, all my soldiers seeking conviction Keep your head up and look to the stars for strength  ya heard me? (Hoody Hoo) Don't let nothing hold you back  Keep your eyes on your enemies  and just remember a wise man learn, but a fool never will it aint no limit soldiers Verse 1: (Master P) Dear Brother, I should I say soldiers of all colors where we went wrong I wrote this love song for ya  Let me begin to tell ya how I love ya and if your heart is anything like mine soldier I die for ya You never met me but you felt my presence Your father, Your son, your brother that's my essence I'm only human so I stress like you, and I'm just like you,  and someday I gotta leave this flesh like you We all part of a plan that we would never truly understand in convictions, seeking confessions, but confused by the devil's hand and no of us was born killers and thieves,  but its the evil we instill in the seed Am I soldier cause I run against the seed wodie? Don't nothing truly exist but your dreams wodie and any times I find myself worshiping the morning  But when you catch me off track just put me back on it  with ya love.... Chorus: Sons of Funk, (Master P) All my soldiers is all I have  (Where do we go from here) All the bad times we went through everyday our dreams come true (Where do we go from here) You need me and I need you (Lord tell me where do we go from here) Change your ways you have time (Lord tell me where do we go from here) Verse 2: (Nas) Check it out I bought this two tickets to see these No Limit movies  _Foolish_ _I Got The Hook Up!_ , me and my baby far from a hooker It's good to see young men doing something right with their life could be a the next Spielberg, I supported it I enjoyed it that night We thug millionaries, everywhere, you look we ballin'  but there always gotta be somebody stupid to spoil it  I call it, everytime I see it, it gets me heated this fake thugging, actin like they can't bleep shit Another coward I gotta bury, I'm hot on you secondary, we vow that you lesser than me we last forever, mask together, No Limit, Ill Will, Queensbrigde, killers cash forever You feel this, have my whole projects on an airplane to kill shit Made nigga before the money, killers taking all this from me But I learned how to chill, now I'm rightfully living Cause the clowns out here get you life in the prison.....Man Chorus: All my soldiers is all I have  (Where do we go from here) All the bad times we went through everyday our dreams come true (Where do we go from here) You need me and I need you (Lord tell me where do we go from here) Change your ways why you have time (Lord tell me where do we go from here) Verse 3: (Mac) Now to you living mothers, havin' hell raising you brothers cause the baby's daddy don't love ya You still a queen ole' girl, don't let him get you down Just do your thing if he real he gonna come around but if he don't then you don't need him,  he man enough to make 'em but not man enough to feed 'em and it kills him to see you suceeding so keep your head in the clouds, bump this love song loud and every bow, with your girls feeling proud your heaven-sent,  and I don't understand how you settle for the scrubs it was never meant You can do better by your lonely, there's nothing like being free and it's never to late so baby go get your G.E.D If you believe in you like I know you believe in me  then we can live in peace and no longer this misery your world don't stop, and ain't no limit to trys and just remember this dark is just some light in disguise and my childern say Woah... Chours:  All my soldiers is all I have  (Where do we go from here) All the bad times we went through everyday our dreams come true (Where do we go from here) You need me and I need you (Lord tell me where do we go from here) Change your ways why you have time (Lord tell me where do we go from here) All my soldiers is all I have  (Where do we go from here) All the bad times we went through everyday our dreams come true (Where do we go from here) You need me and I need you (Lord tell me where do we go from here) Change your ways why you have time (Lord tell me where do we go from here) (Master P talking) Wassup soldiers yall keep ya'll's heads up It's hard times, we spread love from ghetto's everywhere from the south, to the east. to the world  wassup Nas, wassup Mac we got chase our dreams, I'm chasing mines Picture me in tha NBA Picture me still living Picture us all making changes  That's where we go from here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Meek Mill f/ John Legend, Nas, Rick Ross Album: Dreams & Nightmares Song: Maybach Curtains Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: John Legend] Look how far we came Through the fire, I stood knowing we would reign Feels like yesterday when all this was a dream Through these Maybach curtains I see how life has changed [Intro: Meek Mill] I think I'mma dedicate this one To all the people that thought I wouldn't make it here Dreamchasers [Verse 1: Meek Mill] Yeah, it was all a dream On the corner servin' all them fiends Me and a bunch of my niggaz, yeah, we was all a team The system labeled us killas, but momma called us kings Walked through the hall of a prison, now it's the hall of fame And people got the nerve to ask why I wear all these chains When I was booked, they had me shackled to the wall of shame So I'm just representin', better yet just reminiscin' Put down on that Bentley truck, I used to want the Expedition Now it's bigger things, grew up and got bigger dreams Cause in my hood, niggaz try to smoke you just like nicotine And this money shit ain't funny, all the shit it brings You bound to lose your family and your friends, boy this shit is mean And birthdays was the worst days Last week I made a hundred on a Thursday And Club Liv got me sinnin' on a church day Stevie J all on the mic, he screamin' out my birthplace Philly, we back! [Verse 2: Nas] I'm blunted - You wanna see life's meaning? On the radio, Al Green, while Mom's cleanin' Mom's singing along with the songs And shortly I learned the words to 'em Nerf balls, I threw 'em But now I'm a perfectionist to a fault like Jesus Judgin' his own miracles, but he won't cause he automatic I'm like an old blues singer living in the bottle Whose wife left him in the bottom Writing songs is how we solvin' the problem My liquid money's a hypnotist to your Mrs Lay back like I'm in the chair of a dentist Nasir relentless, a freak like Prince is Mystique like Sade Soon as I enter people, point and see my anointment I ain't tryna do too much Same time, I ain't no bum nigga not doin' enough But I ain't tryna do no dumb shit, chasin' my tail in a circle I made it so I'm chillin' now Transparent ceiling now [Verse 3: Rick Ross] The chorus cinematic, going back to Cali Young street nigga, late 80's suede Bally's Jewels like Rick the Ruler, looking like I ripped the jeweler I could cut a check, make some people hit your shooter Domino effect, you in that magic city Where all they do is flex; call it Milli Vanilli Coming from the bottom, my lil' nigga from Philly Young legend outta Queens, take over city to city Honor thou mother, go to war for my brother Giving sufficient funds to significant others Went from poor now women screamin' for my signature More war came from the bottom so I know the war Never worn, always on, y'all niggaz luke warm Talking cash over salads, heavy crotons Cuban Linx's equivalent to having suits on Stretch Maybachs 'til they bring the coupes on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy f/ Eve, Lil' Mo, Nas, Q-Tip Album: Hot Boyz 12" Song: Hot Boyz (Remix) Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Missy] This is for my ghetto motherfuckers, uh [Nas] Uh, forty side felony Felony, misdemeanor The charge is murder Escobar CB on bikes I'm switching gears Headlights, shine so bright Bitches freeze like deers Them fiends want that deep boy Feds send in a decoy, pack that heat boy Push ya where ya rest in peace boy Get your mama's house shot up Bodies all chopped up When them bodies pop up, I ain't getting' locked up My Bentley cruise the block, with the sun roof top Hood rats jumpin' on my jock cause I blew up the spot Crushin' your Benz, crushin' your Navigator system My QB piece make y'all niggas tuck you're shit in It's Nas in your area, Queens 'bout to tear it up Braveheart y'all scared of us, real niggas, they be us [Missy & Lil' Mo] What's your name, cause I'm impressed? Can you treat me good, I won't settle for less You a hot boy, a rock boy A fun toy, tote a glock boy Where you live, is it by yourself? Can I move with you, do you need some help? I cook boy, I'll give you more I'm a fly girl, and I like those 1 -	[Missy & Lil' Mo] 	Hot boyz 	Baby you got what I want 	See cause y'all be driving Lexus jeeps 	And the Benz jeeps, and the Lincoln jeeps 	Nothin' cheaper, got them Platinum Visa's 	Hot boyz 	Baby you got what I want 	See cause y'all be driving' Jaguars 	And the Bentley's, and the Rolls Royce 	Playin' hardballs with them Platinum Visa's [Missy & Lil' Mo] Is that your car, the SK-8? Are you riding alone, can I be your date? Come get me, get me, don't diss me, don't trick me Got some friends, can they come too? Can you hook them up wit' some boyz like you A hot boy, a rock boy, on top boy And I like those Repeat 1 [Eve] Yo only take 'em thugged out Slightly bugged out, fuck with his tongue out Know the job ain't getting done, until the body getting drugged out Hot boy, keep me right Play your part and I'll keep it tight Where else you gonna be in the middle of the night But up in the sheets with me aiight Gangsta, true to your gang, street master You the one I need when there's beef, street blaster  Ain't afraid to stop a cat, plus pop a cat, huh Soldier, cash money, rule your world What's topping that? Huh, S-4-3-0 keep me on my toes Get a tingle in my spine, wet spot only he knows He's a hot boy, Missy sing it out and I'm gon' spit it Ruff Ryders scream it loud, daddy is you with it If your team can't handle my bitches then we gon' ride Brickhouse stallions, keep thugs open wide, huh 'Illadelph's best E-V-E stay committed Mess with many, but if he ain't the realer I ain't with it, with it [Q-Tip] Yo, mommy what the deal? Ain't no heat fuckin' hotter than the heat a nigga hold I think you really should be told that I deal with long shafts That keep a long blast (blast) Now look at a nigga and peel off fast (come on) Word you got your girlfriend Word, she can get it too Fuck it though, I'm honest yo I'm saying though, let's play it through Getting cinematic with it Niggas if you got it, hit it Fuck the dumbness Hit it till its numbness [Missy & Lil' Mo'] Hot boy Baby you got what I want Won't you really come and satisfy me I be lovin' you like endlessly (Everyday all day) Hot boy Baby you got what I want Won't you really come and satisfy me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Dynamite f/ Nas Album: Dy-Na-Mi-Tee 12" Song: Dy-Na-Mi-Tee (Remix) Typed by: dallas112263@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ms. Dynamite] Yo I'm the same little girl that grew up next door to you Went through all the things a teenage girl goes through Hangin' out all night breakin my curfew When my daddy hit the door I gave my mumma the blues Use 2 spend my time blazing, lazing days away Thought I was grown left home at 15 didn't want to obey Had 2 get my act together couldn't take the heat And now I'm making beats for the streets [Chorus: Ms. Dynamite] I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee I stay blowin' up ur stereo everybody gotta hear me though I'm just Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Hear me bussin' on da radio Now feel my flow you get me though I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee See me bouncig' in da video And I come to rock the show I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Everybody loose control Let my vibe touch your soul [Ms. Dynamite] I remeber all the house parties that took place Being in my bed upstairs and we could still feel the base And my cousins and my brothers we'd sit up all night Listenin' to my family vibin' till the mornin' light Remember Sunday school and after go to grandmas for lunch Macaroni, rice and peas, chicken and pineapple punch Never had much, my mum brother sister and me But love was enough to succeed [Nas] Since I came in the game I started putting faces with names Animals, goons, planning your doom They come for your change Pulling hammers, big as Wooly Mammoths To make you extinct, I wait and I think I plan with a mastermind effort I make paper, stretch it Escape court cases, yup, connected-- With law firms, nope, I'm never arrested-- For small things or listen to small terms All day, I'm every year New LPs, I want more burn My auburn forearm hairs stand up I get goosebumps, in Coupes with the top down I'm Grey Goose'd up My man's got bullets in him doctors can't touch Diamond hand cuffs Truth-telling, true felons, move your frame To the sounds of Ms. Dynamite, ladies do the same Crystal at night or not I'm still feeling right on the block Something fresh for the summer, why not? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Nas, Raekwon Album: The Infamous Song: Eye for an Eye (Your Beef is Mines) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: As time goes by, an eye for an eye We in this together son your beef is mines So long as the sun shines to light up the sky We in this together son your beef is mines Chorus Verse One: Prodigy Let me start from the beginning, at the top of the list KnowhatI'mean? Have a situation like this Another war story from a thirsty young hustler Won't trust ya, I'd rather bust ya, and leave your corpse for the cops to discover, while I be dippin in the Range Rover All jewelled like Liberace You watch me while Jakes tryin to knock me and lock me But I'll be on the low sippin Asti Spumante Niggaz try to creep on the side of my jeep Stuck the heat through the window rocked they ass to sleep Over a 3-pack, it was a small thing really yeah but keep lettin them small things slide and be a failure If I'm out of town one of my crew'll take care of ya The world is ours and your team's inferior You wanna bust caps I get, all up in your area Kidnap your children make the situation scarier Life is a gamble, we scramble for money I might crack a smile but ain't a damn thing funny I'm caught up in the dirt where your hands get muddy Plus the outcome turns out to be lovely Got G's in my pocket hit off my main squeeze Push back, the sunroof, let the cold air breeze through the butter soft leather upholestry But mostly, keep the gat closely, cuz niggaz wanna toast me Verse Two: Havoc Yo I gotta get mines, no matter what the con-sequences Count up my blessings, add up my weapons Cock back the gat and let my nine serve purpose Sling do my thing organize fiend servants Tryin to make a mil is stress you know the deal So we sling drills get your cap peeled, cuz everything is real cuz I wanna chill, laid up in a jacuzzi Sippin bubbly, with my fingers on the uzi Try to infiltrate my fort get caught dead up in New York, my brain is packed with criminal thoughts Get your life lost never found again my friend Mission completed, watch you drop in less than ten On my road to the riches, hittin snitches off with mad stitches Your last restin place'll be a ditch kid No one can stop me try your style's sloppy Want to be me, you're just an imitation copy My theme is all about making the green Livin up in luxury, pushin phat whips and livin comfortably Chorus Verse Three: Nas A drug dealer's dream Stash CREAM keys on a triple beam Five hundred SL green, ninety-five nickle gleam Condominium, thug dressed like a gentleman Tailor made ostrich, Chanel for my women friend Murderin, numbers on your head while I'm burglarin Shank is servin em, whassup to all my niggaz swervin in New York metropolis, the Bridge brings apocalypse Shoot at the clouds feels like, the holy beast is watchin us Mad man my sanity is goin like an hourglass Gun inside my bad hand I sliced tryin to bag grams I got hoes that used to milk you Niggaz who could've killed you Is down with my ill crew of psychoes Nas Escobar movin on your weak production Pumpin corruption in the third world we just bustin Verse Four: Raekwon the Chef Hold up and analyze the wildcats slang cracks they swing an axe, the new routines, be my eyes black's playin corners glancin all up in your cornea Corner ya, seen cats snatch monies up on ya But late night, candlelight fiend with a crack right It's only right, feelin higher than an airplane right Word yo, I want to get this money then blow Take my time, blast a nine, if you front you go Sip beers, the German ones, hand my guns to sons Shaolin, and Queensbridge we robbin niggaz for fun But still, write my will out to my seeds then build Mahalia sing a tale but the real we still kill Chorus 2X Outro: Raekwon Uhhh Lay back Word up, just bless em with the bulletproof Mobb Deep, Nas, Chef creation for your nation Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Nas & Big Noyd Album: Hell On Earth Song: Give It Up Fast Typed by: OHHLA.com Verse 1: Nas Got out the airport, the Mobb pick me up in the truck Jury junkie like fuck, I ain't scared to get stuck So what's the deal poppy? You heard the feds almost got me I had the Cuban posse all up in my room and lobby Negotiatin like an Illuminati network Don't catch a body experts and retrospect till the foul connect When I lost but back then was my fault Now it's time to floss Eye For An Eye what's mine is yours I need a suite with the flowers complentary at Trump Towers Sit at the table we can build for hours on gettin riches, a cinch, take a glimpse The World Is Yours written all over the blimps Here's a toast to my foes, it's like a whole new beginning From ??? and prima, loads of women rockin linen I got a plan to blow the Hiroshima, Japan Movin niggas out tha hood and just divide em with fam Ay yo, the bitches like G Money said to us, man about the dick like the horse with the cowboy brand Chorus 1: Give it up fast, quick and not slow Not goin to the tables if it's not about dough Son you know Mobb Deep is runnin this shit QBC, nigga grab your click Verse 2: Havoc, Big Noyd, Prodigy Yeah son, I'm feelin it Opposition want me dead, concealin shit Four gats got me livin, kid Rushin thru my pyramid You secondary, go against the grain then you adversary Had to bury niggas on my side, that snitch ran his mouth like a bitch now he's layin in a ditch Daily dug for himself On his grave I had to piss Scud missile never miss you Hit you, scratch you off, we left Jim Star rip thru You metal deeper, you ain't havin it me either It's drama, ain't got time for no breathers Rapper Noyd make these niggas into believers Huh, huh Hey Noyd, what up this cat right here, man Word up! The tough guy strong me I guess he got plans to ruin me He want ta do me slowly but surely I beat his fast ass a bit early Grabbed the biased raid, the shit was curly Put the drome to his dome Let him know it's never early You can slide before I snatch the heat from his side Saw the devil in disguise by the look in his eyes He was surprised I snatched him up Regulated his gat and backed him up Stepped to the side, P blast em up Hey yo, cannons are rough You got strucked up, ya strokes slit So rapper nigga playin thug try to pro shit (Yo, kill that nigga, man!) All I remember was I shot for his throat G You see big guns and 3-D is haunting It gets deep, fuckin with these Chi-nese Thai weed burnin my hip from hot gats Burnin my lips from roach clips Catch me on 40th and Bootlegger in the a.m. These *?R-tape meridiam?* cats, insomniacs Four in the mornin we throwin back some Cognac juice Lettin gats loose in the blue van blitz-thru These kids too couldn't find the pistol Ay yo, I got the Lexus, holdin my necklace I'm bent off some next shit Gasoline wick, a kerosene twist Stumblin, place of my gun right, it's slipped down its calibre Lookin for chicks that he can stab now Numbed up for my fiery cup I held juice of sin's nectar Saints found they youth Mega-action, bitches all around ready to fuck Big asses, you bought all the shit, pressin ya luck My pipe games like a night train top speed thru ya warm piece ??? to say the least Chorus 2: Give up the pussy fast, quick and not slow Not goin to the cell if it ain't a freak show Said you know Mobb Deep is plannin this shit QBC, niggas grab their click Chorus 1 Outro: Prodigy (And that's how it go) And that's it nigga (If it ain't a freak show) It ain't a freak show Y'knowhutI'msayin? (Don't give up, don't give up, don't give up) Don't go (Y'know the deal) Rapper Noyd, rapper P, Nas, Havoc To the exit, niggas we out! What up! (The Infamous) It's over baby (Fuck 9-6 to 9-7) Tell the rest of the crew The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Mobb Deep f/ Nas Album:	Murda Muzik Song:	It's Mine Typed by: ewong@syr.edu, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah.. yeah.. [hahahaha] uh-huh, yeah yeah [HAH hahahaha] Huh yo, you know it Infamous ninety-nine (infamous ninety-nine) [hahahaha] Infamous two thousand (Ain't nuttin but thugs over here baby) [AHHH hahahaha].. [hahaha].. [HAH haha] [Havoc] Yo... straight thugs on this side - it's do or die to the death Like the terminal ill takin they last breath Read your last rites - God, forgive me  for the sin I'm about to commit - takin a life Kill or be killed, rather that than somebody else readin my will - you feel what I feel, you know the deal Keep the infrared next to my bed, one in the head Hearin noises, dead tired, eyes bloodshot red Sleep with half closed eyelids Some say it's strange, sometimes that's how strange life get Go easy on the bottle, niggaz love to see when niggaz slippin off point, on the strength they bet Scopin your ice, appraisin it like the Diamond District Jeweler with they hand on the biscuit Do ya, wanna get caught lifted; or sober, so you can react quick? Blow you off the atlas as if I caught you fuckin my wife on my thousand dollar mattress It's the world that I live in, Q.B. made me A moms that loved me and a pops that raised me Chorus: Nas {singing to the chorus of Brandy's "The Boy is Mine"} Y'all need to give it up.. we don't give a fuck.. what y'all niggaz want.. thug, life, is, mine Y'all need to give it up.. cause we don't give a fuck.. what y'all niggaz want.. thug, life, is, mine [Prodigy] I got the style of a still-born child, I'm ill If it's beef, poke him with the fork, make sure he's done well (Very very) The sreets raised me crazy, now I'm immune to it So when they start shootin, we don't stop the music Keep it moving that's how we do it (c'mon, c'mon Dunn) Been through more drama than the Baldwins, you still crawlin (Still crawlin) Apply street rules to the office, high performance Rap author, made millions off of - melodic, hypnotic productions  That'll fuck with your conscience and touch your emotions (You feel me? You feel me?) You feel me? I'll write a graphic page Escort niggaz to they grave, relate to the projects We the black Mobb, it gets deeper than rap music (Don't get no realer than this!) It's more real than any words I can muster Pull the black Cadillac trucks up (What?) Hop out them shits like what? Y'all niggaz can't touch us Chorus [Nas Escobar] Silk shirts on my chest show what a flirt Halle Berry blew a kiss at the Barbara Streisand concert Silk pants colored pink, gators match gangster musical thing And I'll front like my doo doo don't stink Instinct like Cuba Gooding steppin out the latest toy Hazard lights blinkin, gators hit the floor Everybody watch the red carpet entrance, cameras flashin Just to think, that was yesterday's action Cause today goes either way - we came a long way from hallway steps and hand-me-down shit Fuck my foes, I seen the other side, NexTel cell roam Call the chopper phone, heliport in my home Quincy Jones posters Wake up, guns under my pillow, I can't talk around chauffeurs Shit is better than a novel, autobiographic Spit it on tracks, it becomes classic Start some, make my heart pump, spark one, I'm God son NAStradamus, last one to blast one when the NARC's come Know how to leave anything in thirty seconds When you feel the heat, comin and flee with the murder weapon I'll release one, shot you deceased, learn your lesson Your flesh turn to maggots, bastards, you past it Cremate your flesh to ashes You don't need a suit, no wake, no funeral, and no casket Chorus [Nas] The, life, is, mine (repeat 3X) Ill Will.. You need to give it up.. we don't give a fuck what y'all niggaz want.. we don't give a fuck Thug, life, is, mine Y'all need to give it up.. we don't give a fuck.. what y'all niggaz want.. thug, life, is, mine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mobb Deep f/ Jadakiss, Jay-Z, Nas Album: Win or Lose (Remix) 12" Song: Win or Lose (Remix) Typed by: kendk6769@uwc.edu * * send corrections to the typist [Havoc] It's real, yeah, right, oh, uh, it's right, oh yeah, whoo Feel it baby, yes Another day another dolla, it's about gettin money Then you can gimme a holla, my nose runny I've been out in the cold, hustlin for so long, my hands numb But bet I feel that paper hit my palm [Nas] My stripes show like regimines, military intelligence Murder game, I leave no evidence, credentials Go ask my preschool, even talk to my old principal He tell you how I used to pack a number two pencil [Prodigy] It's like ah shit it's on, time to go shoppin For cars not fashion, my whips be the bomb My clothes, be the same shit that we had on Fuck lookin cute save that for the broads [Jay-Z] Ya brought to the game, all the scores the adrenaline rush Your blug-boys not knowin cops could rush And you in a drop, you so easy to touch No two days are alike, except the first and fifteenth pretty much [Havoc] It's the H-A-V-O, C dump and reload Knock knock answer that I'm blastin through the peep hole Body charge, pay lawyers so we get those Get locked then I'm sluttin lady CO's [Prodigy] We be the only niggaz you know that fuck they PO's They push our files to the top, you still on peroll We got, money to roll, no time for pennetentiaries Too much dollars to fold, it's bulgin out our jeans [Chorus 2X] Here I go again, whether I win or lose But losin ain't a option girl My destination is top of the world [top of the world] [Havoc] Ya'll like bitches, the chit chatterin Stay not likin a nigga, but givin dap to him Hav don't change for no chick, and they adapt to 'em Never get cool with you niggaz I end up clappin 'em [Jadakiss] Ey yo my attitude is subject to change I mess around and spit twelve with the drivers side doin ya range Six hit you, the other six up in ya dame Mafia style, leave you with your watch and your change [Prodigy] Federal note fettish, you fuck with my niggaz Franklin and Grant Get yo ass blammed with the quickness Ya niggaz is finished, you overdosin the world with that cute shit It's time for this realness [Jay-Z] And trust, is a word you seldom hear from us Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up And the droppin to find a man, when the well dries up You learn to work the water, without work, you thirst 'fore you die yup! [Jadakiss] So take heat, that not only can I flow I can aim Cause y'all misdemeanin niggaz can't stand the rain Better believe that, whenever I see ya'll, I'mma test ya Only cause I know the fact that you respect pressure [Havoc] And here I go again, lettin the mack blow Slugs bubble up in ya stomach like lactose I'mma date shorty put it up in her backbone For real, put it on it like a check, though my rap don't [Nas] Tables turned now, got my own label I earned Like that nigga said in Dead Presidents, "Money to burn" Queensbridge paid homage respect Nas is a vadic, knowledge to rap Plotters with gats, niggaz is dissin that [Jay-Z] Now all the teachers couldn't reach me And my mamma couldn't beat me hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein me, so With that stain in my membrane Got on my pimp game, fuck the world, my defense came Then that 'halin introduced me to the game Spanish Jose introduced me to Cam' I'm a hustler now, my gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd And all the way be light scream girls be lovin me now [Prodigy] We out-live labels, and distributors we run laps around e'rybody artist on ya pay-roll To hop up in the Range Rove Jet black with the black rims killin yo bitch in the A hole, uh oh [Chorus- til end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nashawn f/ Nas Album: Nas Presents Nashawn - Mass Destruction Song: Bossed Up Typed By: DaSun Akbar [Intro: Nas] Every fucking day (3), everyday niggas Look around niggas (3) what you gon' to do 'bout it nigga? (3) What you gotta say 'bout it nigga? (3) That's right (3), that's right (3) Run all over y'all niggas (3) What y'all gon' do 'bout it? (3) (Chorus: Nas) Uh, Bossed Up when we roll (3) Uh, Bossed Up in control (3) Uh, Bossed Up when we roll (3) Uh yea, Bossed Up in control (3) Always, Uh, Bossed Up when we roll (3) Yea uh, Bossed Up in control (3) Yea uh, Bossed Up when we roll (3) Bossed Up in control (3) (Braaaaave) Tossed up and get folded (3) [Nashawn] Yo, it ain't nutting else to do but party Life is to short, you'll get bodied Killers do killings for hobbies I want a bad singing bitch to ride by me Like Whitney did Bobby with the future I'll take Ashanti  I'll settle for actress like Halle Who workout and keep a tight body  Love how I polly probably We into money like Bill Cosby Kill somebody in your crib like Jayson Williams shotty did With no accidents Tryna to keep my hands on these Presidents Til I'm a veteran, mind over medicine, Coke game to Heroin Nigga only die once, you can't be dead again Another bitch in my bed when you got here Popped off in Delaware, top price to fight anywhere  New years, it's Nashawn coward On them corners niggas get devoured I spit outage, straight foulness, where you're crowded Clowns get... straight lynched, nooses hanging over the tree Tell your self you can't fuck with me, BITCH! (Chorus: Nas) [Nas] Riding in my city on haze Eyes on a million and one ways  to get paid and my goose is cooked Rocking gear that some boosters took Either mass market or target I maneuver the look From soul food to Nobu, I'm schooling the cooks Studio, old school, or pro tools, nigga, I'm O'Douls That means no booze, I only gets greens I got a inf beam that lay on the fifth lean That sprays up your clique team Indigenous but frivolous, different whips riding sideways Nas pays attention to the littlest shit? Mentioned by itty-bitty rappers with their chitty-chatter Encircle their soul, purple, I smoke O's Perverse verses poke holes, nigga, I birth flows Tatted, fitted hat, savage, y'all aggie Line us up, ask me who fathered their style I say, "I the pappy" High in the backseat, flat feet Passerby's think Im an athlete Chris Childs or the rapper Lil Scrappy So I sign their name, just as happy Diamond chain, wrist is flashy Times change, but this nigga's still nasty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nashawn f/ Nas Album: Napalm Song: Choir Song Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Nas] Yea you know how it be All my thugs gon' thuggin' the streets But let the Choir Sing (Choir Humming) Yea you know how it be All 'em thugs gon' thuggin' the streets But let the Choir Sing (Choir Humming) Now put your hoods on Put your gloves on, nigga! [Nashawn] Ayo I gotta break these streets shit down I'm walkin' through Town I'm holdin' my very big 3-pound Costumers is floodin' the kid And it's the first of the month So many hands I dropped my shit Pickin' my rocks up I told the Fiends back off And now I ain't servin' none of ya'll Fresh Black Truck hopped in it Tinted, Rims glissin' got a Bitch in it Race to the finish Nashawn straight Menace Guineas - in my left hand While I'm drivin' drunk which on you want Hand-gun, Machine or the Pump? I'll murder you, have everybody in your crew in Black-suit, your gril in Black vial lookin' Gorgeous I'mma Gangsta! Shanksta, body you fuckin' her I ain't lovin' her, I'm guttin' her And you know how it be When you comin' from and livin' in the P's [Nas] Yea you know how it be All my thugs gon' thuggin' the streets But let the Choir Sing (Choir Humming) Yea you know how it be All 'em thugs gon' thuggin' the streets But let the Choir Sing (Choir Humming) Now put your hoods on Put your gloves on, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nature f/ Nas Album: The Ultimate High 12" Song: The Ultimate High Typed by: LegondarySensay@webtv.net Do you see what I see...do you smoke what I smoke.... Verse 1: When I walk up in a room niggas feel a slight breeze stay a little while 'till they feel they might freeze never understood why they never liked me 'cause when I lock the door they turn into iceys starin' at my feet all you see is Nikes bet you never seen a ill pair like these size Ten, never find me in a tight squeeze at the airport minutes before my flight leaves round trip tickets to who knows where stay boardin' with never atleast a day's warning previous plans, they spoilin' a dollar and a dream, the theme of NewYork state drawings rep from Saint Johns to Wake Forest wait for us, straight ballers you're hearin' it first, Nate flawless in almost every event puttin' up points  while niggas like you stay scoreless. Chorus 2x - (Nas and Nature) All my niggas from the Projects light one up to my bitches from the Projects light one up and stay high....high... and pass me a cup of that good shit,  we on some hood shit. Verse 2: It's like hoppin' in a glass pool half full niggas only hit the bottom when they crash through mash fools out like they fast food bone appetite whether Platinum or not it ain't no match for me I sum niggas whole careers up scared tough niggas, bluff niggas into thinkin' that their years up it ain't a game, I took since months off then shit jumps off mini me's are gettin' punched in they jaw some call this shit animal rap, me? I call it dumbin' my nearsighted niggas saw it comin' more stunnin', brand new flows to toy wit' neck flooded on some hurricane Floyd shit back and forth to Saint Croix kid, same plan playin' Sega Dreamcast to the plain lands, a changed Man  niggas don't know, they never will  and if they don't understand then they ain't fam simple as that... Chorus 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nature f/ Nas Album: For All Seasons Song: The Ultimate High (LP Version) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Nature] Do you see what I see? Do you smoke what I smoke? Do you wanna smoke?  Do you wanna ride? Yeah aiyyo aiyyo When I walk into a room, niggas feel a slight breeze Stay a little while till they feel they might freeze Never understood why they never liked me Cuz when I locked the door, they turned into to Icees Starin at my feet all you see is Nikes Bet you never seen a ill pair like these Size ten, never find me in a tight squeeze At the airport, minutes before my flight leaves Round trip tickets to who knows where Stay boarding, never at least a day's warning Previous plans, they spoiling A dollar and a dream, the theme to New York, stay Torrance >From St. John's to Wake Forest, wait for us Straight ballers, you hearin it first Nate flawless in almost every event Puttin up point, while niggas like ya'll stay scoreless All my niggas from the projects, light one up To my bitches from the projects, light one up And stay high, high And pass me a cup of that good shit (so high),  we on some hood shit (so high) Niggas from the projects, light one up To my bitches from the projects, light one up And stay high, high And pass me a cup of that good shit (so high),  we on some hood shit (so high) [Nas] What's me without the hood? A tree without wood, a dutch wit no bud A cut wit no blood A fuck but don't nut, I be incomplete If me and the street wasn't in between the sheets I'm a product of hard luck, the money and murder game Here's Nature, kill a faker, man you heard of the name >From the cold streets of QB, old beef to new beef No peace, through the song, what I see you see [Nature] Mad bitches wanna smoke wit me Niggas wanna roll wit me Usually in my hood, find me in yo' city Grimy-ette so pretty, it's like there's two me's Wit no favorites, I try to love both of me Thinkin of a way where I can better myself Sometimes I get a head of myself Holdin weed wit intention, frontin like I got it prescribed So high I must be outta my mind Chorus [Nature] It's like hoppin in a glass pool, half full Niggas only hit the bottom when they crash through Mash fools out like they fast food Bon' appetit, platinum or not, it ain't no match for me I sum niggas whole careers up, scared tough niggas Bluff niggas into thinkin that their year's up It ain't a game, took six months off, the shit jumps off Mini-Me's are gettin punched in they jaw My dunn call this shit Animal Rap Me, I call it dumbin My near-sighted niggas saw it comin More stunnin, brand new flows to toy wit Neck flooded on some Hurricane Floyd shit Back and forth to St. Crouix kid, same plan Playin Sega Dreamcast till the plane lands A changed man, niggas don't know, they never will And if they don't understand, then they ain't fam, simple as that Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Drake, Nas, Young Jeezy Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Champion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] This a celebration, this is levitation Look at how you winnin now, this to dedication This is meditation, higher education This the official competitor elimination I-I-I-I was takin trips with Web to move weight Came back to Queens to hit up a new state Bitches don't know the half, like they flunked at math Bitches ain't have cut up crack up in the stash 50 Cent, Italian, icy flow This that Run-and-Get-a-Dollar-for-The-Ice-Cream-Cone Cause they killed my little cousin Nicholas but my memories only happy images This is for the hood, this is for the kids This is for the single mothers, niggaz doin bids This one is for Tee-Tee, Tweety, Voila, Sharika Candace, Temby, Lauren, Iesha [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] It's a celebration for the ghetto It's time, time to gooo, ohhhh They know who we are, yhey know who we are Champion, the champions, champion, champion [Drake] Yeah; okay we made it to America I remember when I used to stay with Erica Labor transferred twenty million to Comerica It's fuckin terrible, it's got me actin out of character Young T.O. nigga, either ridin Range or hFerrari top down screamin "Money ain't a thang!" Tell me when I changed girl, but only when I change Cause I live this shit for real, niggaz know me in the game They know! Makin hits in three acre cribs Cookin up tryin to eat, nigga steak and ribs I made a couple stars outta basic chicks Nowadays blow the candles out, don't even make a wish Havin good times, makin good money Lot of bad bitches, but they good to me I make it do the splits for a rap Wish you niggaz good luck, tryin to get where I'm at Straight like that [Young Jeezy] Straight ballin in this bitch, Jeremy Lin; 'Melo Tell me one thing you won't do - settle Give me one word for ya chain - yellow Pocket full of money, black cards - ghetto Critics say I ain't in the game, ain't I? Jizzle how you deal with the fame? Stay high Stay puttin on for the town - mayor What you call a crib in the sky? Player Half a mill' in three weeks, yeah I did it like a champ Momma taught me pride, yes she did it with the stamps Wait a minute, e'rybody pause for the photos Somebody tell these local hatin niggaz I'm global Tell me what I gotta do to get this champagne goin What I gotta do to get this coconut flowin? Don't let me hear Shawn Carter, I'm the ballest of the ace Let me hear them Sean Combs, money gates that's in my place Let's celebrate [Nas] Whattup Nicki~?! It's Nasty, yeah yeah - yeah! I saw my first two million dollars I was twenty-three I'm barely a man, yet I had some killers under me This ain't rated PG, this rated PJ Cause that's where a nigga from, murder on replay My twenty-fourth B-day, I'm sailin to Bimini You can see me on a yacht, blastin 'Pac, little knot, I ain't greedy I'm back to thuggin bitches, back to makin 'em kiss other bitches My man sister like me, I don't fuck my brother sister I just aspire and desire to be different My ten year old plan just one year 'til finish My list went like this, first thing discover the difference in pussy, white, black, latin or other Here's a man who clearly isn't basic Waitin lists just to hear me and witness the greatness Loud laughter, while writing my next chapter Fast cash life, happily ever after, champions The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ K-Ci and JoJo, Nas Album: Born Again Song: I Really Want to Show You * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this is actually a remix of "Everyday Struggle" [Notorious B.I.G.] Wooo! There's gonna be a lot of punchin in this motherfucker Y'all better be swift with that punch button Jack Biggie.. Biggie.. [Notorious B.I.G.] I know how it feel to wake up fucked up Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell People look at you like youse the user Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser But they don't know about your stress-filled day Baby on the way mad bills to pay That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit I remember I was just like you Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G I had to get P-A-D, that's why my moms hate me She was forced to kick me out, no doubt Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South Packed up my tools for my raw power move Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves for chumps tryin to stop my flow And what they don't know will show on the autopsy Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin to hear it Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court for an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man You better have your gat in hand, cause man Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you How I run the streets .. I really wanna show you How I'm clockin G's .. I really wanna show you Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you [Notorious B.I.G.] I had the master plan I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland with my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs And when he start to bust he like to ask, "Who's next?" I got my honey on the Amtrak with the crack in the crack of her ass Two pounds of hash in the stash I wait for hon to make some quick cash I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed At last, I'm literally loungin black Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps See who got smoked, what rumors was spread Last I heard I was dead with six to the head Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of by some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich Conspiracy, she'll be home in three Until then I looks out for the whole family A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble; in the everyday struggle Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani ain't tryin to see no black man turn to John Gotti [Nas] Guns and diamonds Bitches put they tongues where the sun ain't shinin Take ki's til they spot us, snakes flee with consignment This kid he got his krib rated, police found grams They locked up, his whole fam; moms sister his old man Nigga bailed his moms out, then he told on his man Now they home, actin like nuttin wrong, hustlin again He tried to be the next Frank White, and Escobar Pickin up coke a fiend holds it in a seperate car Cooks it up til it's bright white, cut it tight right Then he slings it to the fiends, lookin like Fright Night Coppin the motorbikes, the scooters, countin dough on computers High technology dealers, to the users and losers Half-leg DiDi, try to swap drug for TV's Stores run out of baking soda from BK to QB My niggaz die for the cause, .45 on the drawer City laws made by Big Nas and Biggie Smalls Bitches, holdin my weight in they titties and drawers My bitches out of state get bust while they pushin my cars Callin me up, callin me baller, call for they cut Pretty hoes bring me my cash, swallow all of this nut Seats on the Bent' stay nasty, push the dash  for the stash box is where the cash be; watchin for task force Cause I know they comin but I'm reachin my goal Fuck bummin, I'm makin sure I leave this whole game wit somethin Crib in West Palms for my dime, crib for my moms Ridiculous, you lookin at the next Nicholas Barnes, baby Chorus (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ 2Pac, Mary J. Blige, Nas Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Living in Pain Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Just Blaze] Welcome to The House of Pain, Just Blaze nigga (Intro) Mary J. Blige There's no way out, it seems I can't get free Somebody tell me - what's happening to me [Notorious B.I.G.] The country bud got me choking I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smoking Yeah that sick nigga Biggie with the 8 shot fifth With the extra clip for that extra shit Don't you know that a killing is thrilling? All the blood spilling, is all up on the drug dealing A born gangsta my daddy was a thug Had a .38 with the hallow point slug So when he lit shots Niggas dropped, quicker than bootlegger sells his liquor A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes Paying dudes, while kids was on their one's and two's Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster Got the MAC-11 swinging from my shoulder It's a damn shame I got to put my mom through the strain I'm living in The House of Pain (Chorus) Mary J. Blige Is anybody listening tell me can you see this? Darkness be surrounding me Now it's getting colder heavy on my shoulder And it's getting hard to breathe And it's getting blurry, I'm getting worried 'Cause it's getting hard to see When your lamping in The House of Paaaiiinnn [2Pac] The motherfucking dust kicker, Who can you trust? Who gave you the heart to see a nigga? Before you bust, my name is spoken on the tongue of so many foes Busting motherfuckers out the blocks I ain't even go Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame? From doing fix to busting tricks out the fucking frame Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block Jealous ass suckers got it ducking for my fucking glock And busting niggas ass is to stay alive Skinny ass playa watching victim motherfuckers fry They ask me how I'm living? How I'm a hustler? Bucking busters 'til they die Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard? Niggas got they AK's heading for the bird Aiming at them skinny ass bitches let 'em rain Giving 'em or wetting 'em, welcome to The House of Pain (Chorus) Mary J. Blige [Nas] MJB, be worried niggas, yeah, Nas... Yeah.., Wuttup BI 'Pac Wendy Williams say "I stay dust" then maybe I should 'Cause these rappers will have your phone tapped like Savion Glove And on the West yo police corrupt, some are bloods But these Teflon I loaded explode in some mugs I'm like Furious in 'Boyz 'N The Hood' But at the drive-thru I ain't running I'm dumping Crazy like a Piru and loc'd up, know how Nas do I'm calling Henchmen and Conception To organize a Black Truce And we party hard party with Nas Since they ain't no more - Mardi gras And Bush won't apologize I got gangsta hoes Kobe Bryant scared to sodomize And .45's for them suckers y'all idolize Y'all yelling my name, but y'all soon dying Who be trying to portray real but they be lying 'Cause they want the real niggas to die so they can gain But neva that, this ain't neva last, this The House of Pain (Chorus) Mary J. Blige The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Nas, Nature Album: Ride soundtrack Song: Bloody Money Pt. 2 Typed by: DiCeRaW55@aol.com intro: Noreaga talking [Noreaga] Yo, New Orleans, LA, Va to Queens, I-95, where we never drive clean  But good, gotta get out the hood, to really make it, now we kick it Until our whole team'll take it to another level, another Rolie wit Another bezel, like war against God against another devil Sustainin, now we rim Moschino, niggaz say we taped it, switched it Now it's Cristal, instead of Mistic, Jose, catch me wit a pigeon and A gold biscuit, gettin mad lifted, let me find out, it's sellin dimes Out my crack house, yeah that's crashed out, let me catch that Just like Stackhouse, kick ya back out, have you mad vexed Like you did your whole bid, but didn't max out, yo Jose is In other words courageous, from South Carolina to D.C. Yo the NC in Atlanta like Montana, comin out the airport wit the hammer Motherfucker, smoke more weed than Chris Tucker, in Friday When he treated Worm like a sucker, in three ways Sell a whole key in three days, the way I know the crack game'll have you amazed In the ill days, yo I drink Lectaid, Jose is sayin chulo, like Menegay South side lost royal and royal, grand royale in Ohio, Cincinnati, Minnesoto Yo from Philly to Connecticut, got niggaz settin in, all predicate Like this rap game is pregnant, N-O-R-E, Nore Stand for Niggaz On the Run Eatin, no matter if they still treatin The object of the game is just to stay leavin, hit me on the Nokio Let me know if you still breathin, top grenade, ice it up, cop pies, slice it up You really think you nice enough, fuck around wit Trice Allah Even seekin scrolls until your world fall in, to my niggaz gettin they props Where they supposed to've been, don't rush, take your time The best come to those who wait, like Heinz, they be ketchup and spoil your keg Aiyyo it's I-95, wit my niggaz lost faith, wha! Chorus 2x: Nas (Noreaga) Blood money (That's what this life lead to) Blood money (That's how my niggaz bleed to) Blood money (That's what we smoke weed to) Blood money (That's how my niggaz eat to) [Nature] Aiyyo, eatin from the same plate, and drinkin from the same cup Whoever thought that some much would have to change I went to games as a Knicks fan, they had Strickland, they traded him Ever since then, son, I hated them, shit's turnin sour in the N-Y Half the team hurt, still niggaz get high and rock Queens shirts Feinds on the block know me for holdin b's work Seein chips poppin up in European whips, exceed the speed limit Tinted up and weed scented, treatin life like the auto bomb, never slow up I'm gettin head for being young and vulger, fly gifted Y'all niggaz die over bitch shit, I got some hoes in the law gettin high  Like Rik Smits, born hypocrit, every now and then be on some different shit Switch directions, my bad, quick disception My first love is for bloody money so skip the extras Chorus [Nas] Now what's a don?, a nigga that's a thug wit a charm, always on point As soon as he's on, his goons'll respond, he move right and fear losin his life Mad dime, but never could fit the shoes of his wife You could tell by the finger nails, clean, hair diced up, every four days A weekly routine, where he lived, stay out the hood, fuck what a nigga say Out for blood, but yo, lustin the dough, he see snake smile for way In the same garden he play, but a true don'll get his proper groove on He tell the truth even when he lies, give you a fake name Even though his name is Nas, god body, and wide body, rumble for five To the S-Class, six niggaz, double your size, either come wit a plan To make it happen, cuz sellin weight or rappin, we still trapped in a slave mine And keep the crackers laughin (That's what this life lead to) Chorus Artist: Noreaga f/ Nas Album: N.O.R.E. Song: Body in the Trunk Typed by: jodonn01@hotmail.com Verse 1 (Noreaga) Got out the mall yo This weeded cat rockin a fade In my face askin can he see the grenade I woulda let him see it The way he came across I said nah, beat it Steph told me buck him When I reacted Will said chill fuck him Yo its a small world ya know that well see him again He said fuck you I said what, repeat it again (Nas) Chill son youre weeded again Slow down god youre speedin again Face lookin like youre fiendin for hen Who that wit you, hide the gat yo nigga come here You got a pistol that must mean you slingin again (Noreaga) Hey yo fuck it yo, I bucked him son Cause he was on some stupid shit Thinking he the real thing When he was just a duplicate Saying that he hate our clique Hate our shit Hate the Firm album and the CNN clique He said he hate you and wish you aint have a six He had coliseum jewelry no tito tricks (Nas) Thats what he supposed to get Nigga play you close he gets hit Laying in dirt for something you say you get hurt Fuck around though, probably with some old school shit How bad you hit him up god? You hes ghost and shit? Chorus (Noreaga) Yo its a body in the trunk son So whats it gonna be A nigga layin dead cause he came for me Yo its a body in the trunk son So whats it gonna be A nigga layin dead cause he came for me Verse 2 (Noreaga) I had the Queens hoodie on wit the blood on my sleeve Gave that nigga one offer he could take or he leave But its a body in the trunk son its getting scary What if police pull us over and smell that corpse? Yo send it, go in the trunk light an incense Spray the lysol all over the car I know you wasnt dead then but youre hear now paul Yo it happened like an hour or two I showered wit boo Wasted a little time Didnt want to disturb you (Nas) For some reason yo I couldnt sleep Yo slept with my heat Yo you think you in some movie shit son? I think youre losing it Pop the trunk whos the kid? You really had to buck him? You couldnt just snuff him? Yo he had to lose his wig? Fuck you bring him here for? What you think I could do? Somebody couldve followed you Fuck it nigga Ill ride wit you Some real niggas gonna do what we gotta do Slide in this wip and we out Empty the clip in his mouth fuck it Thats how we move in this game Rulin this game Niggas stayin true to this game Chorus  (Noreaga) Yo its a body in the trunk son So whats it gonna be A nigga layin dead cause he came for me Yo its a body in the trunk son So whats it gonna be A nigga layin dead cause he came for me Verse 3 (Noreaga) Yo son I shot him in the parking lot Right in the mall If I would have left the body The police would have crawled Yo I did that Chopped the body up Fuck the chit chat (Nas) Kick back (Noreaga) I just lit up so here hit that Pull over somewhere god Where I could piss at (Nas) Pop the trunk let a nigga see who it is (Noreaga) Not now son maintain and stick to the biz (Nas) Yo you hidin it, let a nigga know what he ridin wit (Noreaga) Aight son, calm down calm down Chill (let me see the nigga) Im a let you see the nigga man (Turn him around) Turn him over ya know what Im sayin (Oh yeah, oh yeah I know that man) Word? (Nas) Nigga name known Just came home Thought he cut his shit Stiarwaves on nigga kept it on some rugged shit (Noreaga) Yo son the way youre talking make it sound like yall cool Like you and this nigga used to go to school Back in 204 son tell me its not (Nas) Yo pop chill the way he had his soul on the rock He was on top (Noreaga) Locked from the bottom to top Now this nigga just layin our trunk straight popped We need a spot where we can dump him Without no noise My niggas aint tryin to alert no boys (Nas) This aint no game god Dump his body in the train yard Under the seven line We couldnt have picked a better time (Noreaga) The way he actin He acting like he dead Chorus  (Noreaga) Yo its a body in the trunk son So whats it gonna be A nigga layin dead cause he came for me Yo its a body in the trunk son So whats it gonna be A nigga layin dead cause he came for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Papoose f/ Nas Album: Across the Track 12" Song: Across the Track Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro:R&B Sample] (Nas) I'm from the other side of town (For real) out of bounds To anybody, who don't live around I never learned to share or, how to care (Light somethin up) I never had no teachings, about being fair [Verse 1: Nas ] Yo! Thank God for the Rolls symbol on my hood Silver lady with the wind she pop up pretty wood interior I stay a good nigga, don't speak on facts unless you correct you losin respect Ferrari floors are clean, draws are clean, what! Verses, all my bars are mean Lil' money, lil' risk, lil' faith, li' guidance It ain't rocket science your prophet try to be honest Paul Wall deemed, IWC watches But I ain't walk around with no poodle under my armpit Actin all she she, cause I ain't got it easy I been through it, slim through R never PG [Chorus]: You across the track, completly relaxed you take a warning back, don't you never come back You across the track, completly relaxed you take a warning back, don't you never come back [Verse 2: Papoose] Don't you ever try to stop the uprisin of a Kingdom I got enough bars to take away your fuckin freedom My arms long enough to box the devil I could beat him If his arms long enough to box God I'm a weave him He wanna learn he's starvin for knowledge I'm a feed 'em But if he wise I'm hungry for for knowledge I'm a heat 'em If you was manifestin all them lessons that you readin You would even believe in the teachings that you preachin Heathens sneak even left leakin in the beacon The gangs peeped him they In Living Color like Keenen And hell I ain't talkin about breathin Stupid why you reachin my hand stay on the pound like Lincoln I'm powerful you weaklin, the firin pen went to the spring Summer, fall like the seasons in your region Papoose and Nas is a legion Everything happens for a reason, have a good evenin [Chorus]: You across the track, completly relaxed you take a warning back, don't you never come back You across the track, completly relaxed you take a warning back, don't you never come back The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Beanie Siegal, Lil' Kim, Nas, Joe Hooker Album: Forever Song: Journey Through the Life Typed by: Wheels012@hotmail.com [Nas]	Yo, Yo [Puffy] Gansta, Gansta [Nas] 	Gansta Yo [Puffy]	That's Right [Nas]	Journey Through the life of some real niggas [Puffy] Some real niggas, You'll never see what I've seen [Puffy] When I sleep I dream of bodies in streams of blood Naked bitches, dead nigga's ghost, Feds with toast  Knockin' my door down sweat poor down my body  Roast from the heat so I soak my sheets Wake up shiverin', pull my hoe close to me, she sexy Every night is different pussy since my girl left me And I tried to make her stay with me, but I stay busy And her friends are cut-throats, they deep throat to lay with me I reminisce how I miss a stare in this space Resort to the lips of a stripper, sprayin' their face Lampin' in a mansion, home alone I hear footsteps, shit I kicks just not lyrics I hold a fifth, wonderin' if ten shots can stop spirits If nigga's try to rob me then I won't hear it Cause it's different from the streets, I'm missin' my hood now Missin' all the blocks cuz I'm surrounded by woods now It's supposed to be good now It's like I'm walkin' tight rope and can't look down Fire below me Now the fantasies I have for women are unholy Success, thousand dollar bottles impress Models with fat ass and big breasts Floor seats, Knicks vs. Nets, private jets Millionaire heir to Antigua, with Ananda, the MTV diva Nas, how do we survive all this mess? (I didn't survive) East vs. West the rap game where words became flesh A whole pound of herb won't desolve my stress Still I ride to the death, love hip-hop Cause Afrikabababa was def, a lot of respect Feel Me? Fuck to the rock Sean John jury I got the same hands of crap platinum and the crap pyramids Write about the black experience, sell it to Marimax Tell me if you feelin' that 1 - 	[Lil' Kim & Joe Hooker] 	Take a journey through the life of these real niggas 	The things that they seen it would thrill niggas 	If you've seen what they've seen, you would wonder 	Through the rain and the pain and the thunder 	By the time that you realized that it's goin' down 	You may find yourself going underground 	When they see that this life is upon us 	We would see that there's no one that we can trust [Beanie Sigel] You can never see what I see, motherfucker Beanie Sigel, the realest nigga from the streets was taught Stay cased up nigga, stay deep in court Reminiscin' on that cold cell, deep in thought Gettin' skinny, couldn't eat, cause the meat was poor Ya'll niggas couldn't live my life, I've been through it Streached up in hospital beds, fed fluid Two bullets hit my leg, one passed through it Saw the blood and the hole in my calf, looked through it My life's no joke, I don' played dice with soap Upstate the case niggas slice your throat Wear your boxers in the shower when you gaurd your soap I done seen the biggest nigga's in the yard get broke I done took blocks through war, took blocks for fall Took blocks to Wall for box of raw What you think 33 in the glock is for? Black fatigues, skullies and binoculars,  C4, block your doors, nigga's can't stop this war I show you faggots what this Swatz' is for Hidding spots in the door for the glocks is for Read the papers, '94 I took the cops to war Half of ya'll niggas livin' a lie Only reason you switchin' up your droid is cause you keep gettin' robbed I looked that nigga in the eyes before I send him to God Beanie Sigel, desert eagle, the realest nigga alive Repeat 1 [Nas] Aiyo, Aiyo, Gansta, Gansta The Bible has words that Christ wrote, evil men sacrifice goats I speak all my life under oath Since a kid, troublesome Thrownin' shit at little girls jump ropes Bustin' B-B Guns at stray cats, that was way back  Watched it die, covered in flies Then I picked up a stick, try to dig in it's eyes Makin' dirt pies, na, being buggy-eyed shit And every other nigga that rap, sound like my shit I wear chrome 45's with ice on the grip I don't shoot it, I roll with killers and criminals With heroin habits they picked up from the penile They let you have it, all I do is give them a smile Lifestlyes of the realest, you ain't ruthless you bitch I got a pine box just your size, I know it'll fit Your whole life's a mistake, stop holdin' the pen Kill yourself, come back as a man over again Cause in this lifetime I'm reignin', slay men Leave your whole body cold Your nails grow long, you get gray skin May this nigga rest in peace, Amen I run with brave men, straight out the housin', we wildin' Names engraved in the pavement Brick building, grown ladies jump off the roof Nigga get paged, then murdered at the phonebooth New York streets made me nigga, it's crazy nigga Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ Nas Album: Did You Ever Think (12" Remix) Song: Did You Ever Think (Remix) Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [R. Kelly] No matter what ya'll say or do We gotta get this money Watch out playa, we come for you Take all of your honies First of the month and rent is due We gotta get this paper Come for us, we'll wait for you A million men can't take us 1 - 	Did you ever think that you would be this rich 	Did you ever think that you would have these hits 	Did you ever think that you would be the don 	Have a crib with a fifty acre lawn 	Did you ever think that you would be this paid 	Were there times when your ass was real afraid 	Did you ever think that you would sell out tours 	Have a show with fifty million viewers I used to think about how I was gonna make it Struggling day to day just trying to get this paper Hoping the day would come when things would go my way But now Im living lavish and all I do is hear them say Repeat 1 [Nas] Hey yo Now who knows poverty like Robert and me Q, did you ever think you'd be dancin' and vibin' with me Q, did you ever think you'd push a Ferrari, blast a Nas CD With 5 TV's and DVD's, come on ride with me Hey then you fly like me Honey you heard about the style I got We from the wildest plot, we're police May the rest carry heat where best, we ghetto Never thought we'd ever reach this level My people behind metal The streets coulda had us, but now we live lavish Our preach be the baddest Bus 'em out while maids change the sheets on the mattress It's deep cuz I never thought I'd reach this status Walk around and grown women stop and look They recognize me, no longer hide they pocketbooks Hate me now cuz I ain't gonna stop, you're stuck The remix is R. Kelly, please drop the hook Come on Repeat 1 [R. Kelly] America Did you ever think Ya ever know Did ya ever think Ya ever know (Come on) Did ya ever think Ya ever know Did ya ever think Ya ever know (Trackmasters) Repeat 1 No matter what ya'll say or do We gotta get this money Watch out playa, we come for you Take all of your honies First of the month and rent is due We gotta get this paper Come for us, we'll wait for you A million men can't take us Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Nas] I just wanna thank God For making Nas the don And R. Kelly, the don Yeah, sittin' pretty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ Kelly Price, Nas Album: R. Song: Money Makes The World Go Round Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Nas] QB Chitown Money make the world go round Money make the world go round (What? Go money) Money makes the world go round TM Yo, for those who live the way that I live We came a long way From wiping coal outta eyelids, to rap's hottest Fake Gazelles to black Pradas Selling nicks to trey bags, to making hits like Kidada Jones' father OG's would send me to the store with a dollar Hit me with some wise advice for me to follow Ain't nothing free in the world in life  No matter who you are, everybody got they price And some cost more than other's When you poor, it's like life ain't even worth living But when you rich, it's every fat ass worth hittin' With no chips, your drawers just stay on your hips I play with the six cuz money make the whole world spin But without the Franklin faces, you see who's your real friends It's V-12's, honeys on the cell, bobbin' out the JBL It's Nas and R. Kell [R. Kelly] Never thought that I'd ever live this life Money stacked in rolls, honeys on each side Anything I want, I can say it's mine No more worries 'bout how can I provide [KP] Money makes the world go round [Nas] (Nuttin' move but the money) [R ] You believe it if you want to [KP] Money makes the world go round [Nas] (Said nuttin' move but the money) [R. Kelly] Oh, many say it's wrong cuz I love to spend Ice in everything countin' Benjamins All I wanna do try, and let you know If you don't believe, ask someone who's broke [KP] Money makes the world go round [Nas] (Money makes the world go round) [R ] You believe it if you want to [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] Yes it does [Nas] (Still nuttin' move but the money) [R ] Said money makes the world go round [Nas] (Money make the world go round, what?   Still nuttin' move but the money) [R ] Nothing but the money  [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] Yes it does [R ] Feels so good, yeah, yeah  [KP] So good, this life I finally live [R ] And feels so real [KP] So real this freedom I finally feel [R ] Show me the money [KP] Money makes the world go round [Nas] (Go money, go money) [R ] You believe it if you want to [KP] Money makes the world go round [Nas] (Go money, go money, yo) [R ] Said that almighty dollar [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] Yes it does  [Nas] (Still don't nuttin' move but the money) [R ] This brother's got to have it [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] From sun up till the sun goes down [Nas] (Yeah, what?) [R ] So much money [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] Hey, makes the world go round [KP] Money makes the world go round [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] Show me a man that don't need money [KP] Money makes the world go around [R ] And I'll show you a world  [Nas] (Show me a world) [R ] Standing still, oh [KP] Money makes the world go round [R ] Yes it does, talking 'bout the loot [KP] Money makes the world go round The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Nas Album: The DaVinci Code: The Vatican Mixtape Volume 2 Song: Brother's Keeper Typed by: Cno Evil, miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Raekwon] I flip the bronze e, watching King Kong in the palm Smoke alotta cheeba, chilling, cuz it's all about marketing Hold the mic, I'm hogging it, handle the goose shit Word up, mixing the true shit, my niggas'll shoot shit Trees lean, we get it tight, we get fucked right We up in the telly, lighting up with the crack light My mind calculation, attract like I'm counting peso's Out in turban caco's with some fake ho's The bling swing, a many mansion, a break phantom Floating through the town on some old new improved shit Swerve coming through shit, vandals in coupe shit, yo Animal blue shit, my scramblers move with A kingley, getting blunted to nine hundred Floating through the town on some old -- Coming through the town on some old -- [Chorus: Nas (Raekwon)] Turn up the mics, (the world is mine The world is, the world is, the world is mine) Turn up the mics (yeah, the whole world is mine) [Nas] I'm Nasty but fuck bitches, handcuff snitches Feed they nuts to pit bulls and plan more business Got sluts on leashes walkin on all fours Have 'em eatin from dog bowls pettin' they heads Cause they love playin that role they sexy in bed Smokin bud' I'm outta control wish death on the feds Cup spills with Grey Goose watchin snuff films Laughin with dykes that wear patent leather with spikes My cheddar is right, Miami beach playin it low St. Barts rent a house and a boat Two hundred thou' on my throat That's only half of what my wife ice cost Phonecall, hearin another boss got his life lost Well, wipin' sand off of my toes Read a book called "Catcher in the rye", I chose Some Bob Marley then I plotted a scheme To make me and Bump Knux more rich Then I got me a team, he got 'em a team He tryin to buy G-force with missile launchers Tired of walkin' around with beef, with that pistols on us C-4's better I'm callin up some B-More killers To come and bleed you As sure as the sun's in the sky you'll surely die You washed up, fuck your people Your money ain't as long as mine you dumb and you foul Who you tryin to squeeze all this fuck with Alzheimer's disease We the new breed, nigga, turn up the mics [Outro: Raekwon] Yeah, you know where I'm from, I'm from Staten Island, man Word up, ya'll know it as Shaolin, I call it Staten Island, man Cuz niggas get they legs broke, when they try to front, man Fuck it, he rhyme? He talking shit, let's break his fingers, man Can't write no more, word up, we specialize in choking niggas Throwing niggas in cars, driving off and shit Open the door on your ass, you know how them Pontiac days went The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon f/ Nas Album: Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang Song: Rich & Black Typed by: Cno Evil [sample] And regardless to how much power you have When God sends prophets and messengers They don't care nothing about your power Because they come from thee power [Nas] Rare nigga, I'm a wonder Your best success is my worst blunder, feds tap the number Jury Jacklyn on acid could appreciate, we to alleviate the pain Eddie Kane, Richard Pryor, pinky ring Watching 'Conduct', nigga, throw parties for my niggas that's living You guessed it, models, ya'll keep them if they anorexic Love 'em, but can't trust 'em, hate 'em, but won't bust 'em Caked it in savings, spending, wasting, it's like a custom Tats of horror-glyphics, lipstick on the collar I got more to lose than you do, but I'm a rider When did the rules change, ya'll living trendy on pennies Meeting deadlines with ease, no gain You fire, I'm butane, gave the Timbs, ostrich belts These by the times that I surprise myself My niggas looking like black crows at packed shows The don voice stay prestine, like I'm still seventeen [Raekwon] I'm rich, black, African, rocking a golden mack Sterling leather, Gucci leggings on my back Willie Boston hoodlum in the trench, rinse these niggas '86 Gazelles, dicing near the fence Mike Tyson disciple, trifle when my pen is a rifle Sixteen ways to shoot you through your Chrysler, duke Exhaling with niggas, the jails argue, bring the best Niggas to the table, I sit four of my wheels on you Custom wooded speakers, rocking leases, rump with polices Dump on creatures, holidays with preachers Stainless steel watches, ostrich turtle necks Here's the deal, if we can't come in, they can't have the field Bones in 'Cisco, murder instruments, Cayenne Porsche rap How many horses live official? I run with generals who flash uzi's in interviews My shit is deep in fly swimming, dude [Nas] Verse two, gotta be all murder, just like the first verse Tints yellow like the hair on a Malibu surfer Yellow like my Harry Winston, glistening arm, B. Yellow like New York City piss stains concrete [Raekwon] That's right, yo, who voted toasting in the wind, Las Vegas Otis What you know? Leave right here we ghost in the Lotus Put a package on your head, be promoted, keys in effect Paying these dumb fucking D's with donuts [sample] I hate, to see you, acting like a slave To get an advance here, an advance there Because somebody else controls your destiny [Raekwon] Aiyo, I'm rich, black, umbrella calico captain Wes Craven with a blade and a black I'm hood ornaments, junkies win awards in my tournaments My shit is listed like informants pics You know we order hits, planes flying, niggas is sure to getcha Whether in Costa Rica, Lisa, she sure to twist ya Eating Chow Lo Mein with chopsticks, glocks with aim Watermelon chips, pop some 'paigne For all the riches, niggas forcing out they feelings, kid Whether in hallways or the boats, now feel us, kid Out in Alaska, in the Astons, remember my passion Hungry wolf who never eat in his castle Bolivian connects restless, yeah, Chef ambidextrous Quick to back you in like the Lexus shit Hunted by the FBI, we gracious, more demonstrations Shit is tough, milk the carnation [kung-fu sample] It was the Shaolin! 	The Shaolin? Never Never? The poison your master drunk is familiar to the Shaolin Monks 	We don't talk, you're gonna die My lord, enough! 	Quiet down There's no point to it, he's just like his master, he's not gonna tell ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Raekwon the Chef f/ Nas, Ghostface Killer Album: Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Song: Verbal Intercourse [Rae] No tricks, no tricks baby [Nas] Yeah, aiyyo Rae [Ghf]  Check it out y'all [Nas] It's the science [Ghf]  Fly wonderful [Rae] Yeah y'all [Nas] Tony Starks and umm Lex Diamonds [Ghf]  Tony Starks, my nigga Nas [Rae] Strength my whole team is eatin off this type of shit [Nas] For all the fake niggaz out there, yaknahmean [Ghf]  Word up [Rae] Good shit, nigga next time, no more whatever shit [Nas] Fakes be celebratin but they be mistaken [Ghf]  Word to the wise [Rae] Keep your eyes open and your wallet in your front pocket [Ghf]  All types of shit, yo son [Rae] Rock it, RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet [Nas] Tell em it's on right? [Ghf]  Show those crabs how to rhyme [Rae] RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet [Ghf]  It's only like five percent out of a hundred [Rae] RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet [Ghf]  Do it to em baby Verse One: Nas Through the lights cameras and action, glamour glitters and gold I unfold the scroll, plant seeds to stampede the globe When I'm deceased, by then the beast arise like yeast to conquer peace leaving savages to roam in the streets Live on the run, police paying me to give in my gun Trick my Wisdom, with the system that imprisoned my son Smoke a gold leaf I hold heat, nonchalantly I'm grungy, but things I do is real it never haunts me while, funny style niggaz roll in the pile Rooster heads profile on a bus to Riker's Isle Holdin weed inside they pussy with they minds on the pretty things in life, props is a true thug's wife It's like a cycle, niggaz come home, some'll go in Do a bullet, come back, do the same shit again From the womb to the tomb, presume the unpredictable Guns salute life, rapidly, that's the ritual Verse Two: Raekwon the Chef Perhaps bullets bust niggaz discuss mad money True lies and white guys, we can see it through the eyes Catch the most on tape, kilos disintegrate Pyrex pots, we break, fiends lickin plates In the building niggaz building, like little children starin Them older niggaz aint carin Sirens circlin fiends are lurkin in your baggage oh, one's gone now, what, smack him in his cabbage In the woodwork, crack cells bubble like Woolworth's in the projects, richest niggaz rockin all the real worth Police questioning, rooftop cats invested in Tradin in they Lexus' GS's sendin messages Two and two makes four, Cristal's crazily pour Gun wars my crew phantom like swords Verse Three: Ghostface Killer With the green leathers, hunded pound snakes and cakes Fiends found in lakes, jeolously Jakes we shake What I strive for is what I live for Infatuated by material things, and it's wild like for war like somewhere over the rainbow, I see a big pot of gold Future stacks yo I hold Thousands of cracks bagged up inside the shoebox Don't keep jack in my lap, don't wanna see Tupac Got two spots, a new lot, flooded with rocks Shoot-outs making me hot, crooked cops Bad Tony and the ball drop In the Now, I'm bangin niggaz for slide time Hurry up Duke I'm next, show em mine And what the fuck is you looking at? By the way young blood, hit me off with that Green Bay hat Watch your back inside the hall, new niggaz slide through like doors yo, you're starin in the mess hall Your adrenaline runs, cigarette niggas be swindlin New jacks surrenderin, come home not rememberin Made bail with different size kicks on, a white dress shirt Lookin gay in the yard, and you got hurt Flashbacks, of the day room, mop ringer style Your faggot ass got bashed tryin to turn the dial You told your boo you was whylin Once you heard Wu, out of the blue, your family's from Shaolin High class cooks, throw on vestes out of phone books Infirmary niggas are screaming, "I got drugs!" Sharpen toothbrushes 190 mixed with baby oil and shit Your man's in the kitchen stashing ice picks Well I'ma end this with a big red cherry on top Me, Nas and Rae got the best product on the block [Rae] Strength my whole team is eatin off this type of shit [Ghf] Word up, throw your hands up [Rae] Good shit, nigga next time, no more whatever shit [Ghf] Cock back the Mac an say whatever [Rae] Keep your eyes open and your wallet in your front pocket [Ghf] Your Hawaiian's stale, exoticness, fly shit [Rae] RZA Chef Ghost and Nas niggaz is the prophet [Ghf] Floatin on in nine-five in the basement The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ras Kass f/ Nas Album: Eat or Die Song: Medusa Typed by: DaSun Akbar (Intro) Right now you up in the club and you see that bitch that you've just broke up with (Uh, tramp, stank bitch) 'cause she was fucking ya homeboy (The bitch ain't no good for ya homey) You know what I'm saying? Just have a drink and think about it (Chorus) 2X She loves me, she loves me not But looking in her eyes make my dick turn to rock [Nas] {*Sample from "One Love"*} Yeah, shorty don't care she's a snake too Fucking with them niggas from that fake Crew that hate you Medusa [Ras Kass] Slow ass from the front, camel toast so phat (WHY?) Bow-legged sexy ass gap Man I'm eating tangerine clowie Gucci cutters Pussy so good, it feel like long butter She likes moaning, Michael Kors, Dior Polo, Chanel Couture and Tom Ford Dime piece like Sanaa Lathan Cooley Hindu, mess with entire Jamaican Had a nigga like me chasing But she the daughter of Satan, fake, she's a snaking YOU'RE, SO, FUCKING SPECIAL!! No she ain't no good but I just can't let go Venomous sinking in her fangs, while she giving me brain Playing head game, pleasure and pain Leaving head migraines use ya, abuse ya After she seduce ya, Medusa (Chorus) 2X [Ras Kass] Promised to be my ride or die Groomed her a long time, I fell in love with her lie Mama neva liked you (NO), I wish I neva met her Trying to get her out of my system and do better Put the voodoo roots on me I wanna leave but my heart won't let me Get jetty, trying to figure out what she mixed in my spaghetti Addicted to Jessica Rabbit in the black Teddy Said - "You'll never forget me" Went to jail, "Judge can I bail?" Bitch sent me hate mails (WHAT?) Break up, should make up, it's not a joke She switched up her tongue, long cocked throat Make love to Aaliyah, rock the boat, work the middle Change position, missionary, wishing he took Ecstasy Make a blind man see, a cripple man climbing tree Whether you're floetry, all you gotta do is say "Yes" Hand up a dress, fangs in my neck (Movie sample) "Hit me, I'm Medusa, that block is a deeply venomous" (Chorus) 2X [Ras Kass] No matter what I do, I ain't neva good enough It's just my downfall and a good fuck The homey say I'm whipped 'Cause I go back to you every time I say "I quit" It's like the Rock song - I love you, I hate you I just can't live without you Forget about it, had to do a bid without you Going got tough, the chick got going Looking for already made nigga Basically out here hoeing Why I ever tried to make you happy, I'm not knowing Sick of arguing, having to fight women She the reason black women losing their men to white women (Don't be mad) Pussy lips shaped like money clips Twenty-four inch waist, thirty-six inch hips Used to be my honey dip; now you're just that funny bitch Hopped back on my dick on some dummy shit She getting jealous and bitchy (HA-HA) 'Cause my new chick is hot and look like Britney Can get more cheddar then you Chocolate complected, and her pussy better then you, BITCH! (Chorus) 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rich Boy f/ John Legend, Lil Wayne, Nas Album: Ghetto Rich Remix 12" Song: Ghetto Rich Remix Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Rich Boy] Let me take ya through my hood where I was born and raised Where niggas tote semi-automatics, busting them K's Heavy guns and dope boys harassed by the police Still getting pulled over and asked by the police Bama wasn't made for a nigga to win See the color of ya skin get ya put in the pen It's real life, over dice, Dwayne dead and gone Sending niggas to the pen or the funeral home I be feeling like the Lord will never answer me back So I'm holding on my gat just in case they attack Bullet holes in ya house it'll make it hard to sleep Ya see the fiends on the street want the hard for cheap Lotta niggas doing life from undercovers and fake friends It's real how them penitentiary bars'll break men Niggas doing life from undercovers and fake friends It's real how them penitentiary bars'll break men (chorus) John Legend It's where ya live, it's where ya play It's where ya learn, ya favorite slang Your world is, ghetto It's where I live; it's where I'm from It's where ya had, to tote your gun Your world is, ghetto [Lil Wayne] I could never win an Oscar 'cause I don't know how to act So on my first million dollars and I ain't know how to act Then the second million came, then more came after that Then more came after that, Hurricane after that DAMN!!, and y'all saw the aftermath And in my hood we don't front, so I do give back When you see a hood nigga you gotta tilt your hat And since I'm a hood nigga I do just that OGs used to tell me you just rap Lil nigga all you need to do is rap And just when I thought I was gonna do just that Poppa was a Rolling Stone and them stone was crack Fuck being like Mike I wanna be like pop Then I picked up a mic I wanna be like 'Pac Please put down the pipe you don't need that rock Please put up a fight for the kids that watch Us in the spotlight and then they mock But caskets get closed and then they drop And cases get closed and they are dropped 'Cause no one knows and nobody got Any out nor N-O, 'cause they better not Three words to a witness they get shot Let me tell you what this is, this is the block Always talk to God, never listen to cops (chorus) John Legend [Nas] It's cool to love to win but it's better to hate to lose There's only one Nas by the hundred thousand you's You lose money chasing women, never lose women chasing money Niggas is broke plus the Wolves is hungry Morgues full of dead niggas who was taking money Morgues full of niggas who the last shit they ate in stomach Spending stake, GORE-TEX boot, Prince still on his face His still on his face when we revisit his wake Whatever's undone I'd do it, fight against a whole army One gun I'll use it, some son two shit Creeping on ya like walking pneumonia You're far from opponents; we could spar for the moments I stay in deceitful conversations with creep with foul natures Attempted murders trials, the basics Threatening the witnesses and relatives of dead victims It's the shit we live, uh, Queensbridge thug matrimony, clap a phony Bullets even hit a crack-head in his Abercrombie Psycho analyst was asking me what happened to me? See the yacht got to me, then the gat got to me Then the homies on the block with the stacks of money Then these beautiful bitches was bending backs for me Then lames put the rap game in a casket slowly Man I don't give a fuck, this is rap to me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Nas Album: God Forgives, I Don't Song: Triple Beam Dreams Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] It's time to take you to the other side The side you gotta watch your A&E cable television for homey But we live this shit I'm not a star, well that's a lie I seen a man raise his hand on the stand, he testified Spoke on the homicides, amongst other things Even shared my triple beam dreams [Nas] A project minded individual, criminal tactics Us black kids born with birth defects, we hyperactive Mentally sex-crazed, dysfunctional they describe us They liars, the end of the day we're fuckin survivors I remember watchin Scarface the first time Look at that big house, that Porsche paid for by crime How could I sell this poison to my peoples in my mind? They dumb and destroy themselves is how I rationalize In a bastardized nation, Magnum fo'-five Where I'm from ain't far from Washington Heights to cop aryan A rookie boy, the cookie didn't make no profit A stranger to the block, I damn near had to make them cop it It only took a fiend to taste it once to say it's garbage I brought it back to papi, ain't tryin to take no losses He focuses on my emotionless, young dealer face, then pauses He gives me powder, he has faith in Nas' Ambitions to distribute coke Had addictions to gold chains, Mercedes Benz hopes, but I'm again broke This shit ain't cut for me, other dealers they up they orders Barely at sixty-twos, they already up to quarters They out there every day, some true hustlers for you I'm at it half way, none of my customers are loyal Picturin pipin out the seats of a Pathfinder Powerful pursuit for pussy, cash to flash diamonds My junior high school class, wish I stayed there Illegal entrepreneur, I got my grades there~! Blamin society, mad, it wasn't made fair I would be Ivy League if America played fair Poor excuse, and so I was Throwin rocks at the pen, just for the love Before the evil, the secret life of G's You seein me blurry, triple beam dreams [Chorus: Rick Ross] Pocket full of money, parkin lot full of them haters Triple beam dreamin, crib with two elevators Twenty flat screens and got cameras every angle Dope been comin so you know the income major Rule #1 I can't do business with a stranger Contract killers come in when I feel endangered Early 90's reminiscin when I had a pager Triple beam dreams, now Pat Riley my neighbor [Rick Ross] Fuck boy talkin out of turn nigga In the court room spreadin like a germ nigga Twenty-five on the line them niggaz droppig dimes Co-operation got them rednecks droppin time Khaki suits and some niggaz go to actin cute We was all cool, stackin in Acura coupes More accurately we acted as is if jackin was cool Snatchin niggaz out they shoes then wear they jackets to school Fuck boy, you caught up in my dream Countin cream on the cover of a magazine I'm +The Source+ got the plug with the uncut Jay-Z +Blue Magic+ nigga, what what?! Brand new S Class with a meal ticket Nigga cocaine white as Tommy Hilfiger Ralph Lauren, Blue Label as I'm gettin high Triple dream dreamin as the cream multiples Fuck boy talkin out of turn nigga 'Fore you sell dope there's shit you gotta learn nigga Home invasions, duct tape Fornicatin, countin money with a fuck face Fuckin bitches that be givin up your whereabouts Slow leaks, gotta air 'em out Kill 'em all, Rolls Royce Ghost nigg, ball Phantom drop head, shit I had to get 'em all Niggaz hate but they know they never get involved Food on the plate, fuck 'em all I could send my dog Triple beam dreams, the ghetto's my reality I'm from where your hustle determines your salary Six figure family member? Nigga forget about it Low income housing, nigga tryin to get up out it I got a plan lil' nigga just believe in me Triple beam dreamin with this thing in me {M-M-M-Maybach} [Outro] {M-M-M-Maybach Music} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Nas Album: Deeper Than Rap Song: Usual Suspects Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [Rick Ross] Maybach music It's deeper than the verse, baby It's deeper than the rap [Kevin Cossom] Doing a 150 miles and running Get up in my way, then you know that I'm gunning Laugh about the dough but really ain't nothing funny Getting rich in a rush, yeah you know us We're the usual suspects, the real definition of success Blowing money 'cause I can and I love it From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects You know the boys on the block trying to take us in Because we bringing all of that paper in From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects [Rick Ross] 17, time to man up Feed the fam boy, I put that on these canned goods All I got was Diabetes and a damn ug People talking down, calling me a damn scrub Young niggas, all you want to do is roam free On your own feet, got to cook your own beef I'm too cool for lame dudes that ridicule I laugh while I'm doing laps in the swimming pool I don't owe you niggas nothing Throw me two fingers when you see a nigga stuntin' Black Philip Drummond, limousines are the Hummer Penthouse suite, pretty beach, I call her Summer Lot of homies passed, see them in the future Running so fast, on the gas, never neutral Got to keep a shooter while I'm riding in the 7 Higher than a kite by the time I get to heaven [Kevin Cossom] Doing a 150 miles and running Get up in my way, then you know that I'm gunning Laugh about the dough but really ain't nothing funny Getting rich in a rush, yeah you know us We're the usual suspects, the real definition of success Blowing money 'cause I can and I love it From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects You know the boys on the block trying to take us in Because we bringing all of that paper in From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects [Nas] And still my talent is yet to be challenged Had no jet with my own pilot, no blasting off With Flex or DJ Khaled, my mom stressing college But my crude sense of logic did allude to my empty wallet Try spitting on a green tinted Accord Which could mean a sentence up north where the homie was But back then dough was like a whore that Goldie love, it didn't exist And Officer Foley Cuffs was after my wrists Was not Beverly Hills where we chilled Imagine this, the Nazareth had to get from rags to rich I used to stand on rooftops, with 2 glocks Figuring, how do I turn my Timberlands to Crocs? Now reptiles was left out, I'm 'bout a watch, what is you thinking? Murk you, plus the muscle that u bringing is nothing to me If you thugging or fake and shanked on Cuban, shout out my Ricans Dealt with all of you gangstas, to the roughest Jamiacans and Haitians [Kevin Cossom] Doing a 150 miles and running Get up in my way, then you know that I'm gunning Laugh about the dough but really ain't nothing funny Getting rich in a rush, yeah you know us We're the usual suspects, the real definition of success Blowing money 'cause I can and I love it From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects You know the boys on the block trying to take us in Because we bringing all of that paper in From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects [Rick Ross] If you follow physics nigga, money never flow Meaning every day im living, try to stay afloat Coming from a boss, I can predict a double cross Handlers managing money they never come across Aspen to Africa, magnamers numbers involved AK47s singing winter, by summer you fall I dealt with broads and those willing to sell they soul Over cars and clothes, man I'm talking petty hos As my fetti grow, fuck a feet of SpaghettiOs I'm club hopping in Cali, shout out to Ariel Somebody dim the lights, triple black tux Keyser Sze in the flesh, it's time to catch up I run with niggas who destined to get a life sentence Get they baby mama a Lexus for them nice visits My nigga got a dub an love to do the push ups I got a million cash, tryna get the kush up [Kevin Cossom] Doing a 150 miles and running Get up in my way, then you know that I'm gunning Laugh about the dough but really ain't nothing funny Getting rich in a rush, yeah you know us We're the usual suspects, the real definition of success Blowing money 'cause I can and I love it From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects You know the boys on the block trying to take us in Because we bringing all of that paper in From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects A 150 miles and running Get up in my way, then you know that I'm gunning Laugh about the dough but really ain't nothing funny Getting rich in a rush, yeah you know us We're the usual suspects, the real definition of success Blowing money 'cause I can and I love it From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects You know the boys on the block trying to take us in Because we bringing all of that paper in From nothing to something You know us, we're the usual suspects [Rick Ross] Maybach music It's deeper than the verse, baby It's deeper than the rap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Run-D.M.C. f/ Nas, Prodigy  Album: Crown Royal  Song: Queens Day  Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com  (Nas talking)  We're the kings of rock now nigga, know-mean?  (Chorus-mixing)  Queens Day, cash made on Hollis Ave  Q-B-O-R-O, nigga, makin niggas seem easy  Queens Day, cash made on Hollis Ave  Q-B-O-R-O, nigga, makin niggas seem easy  (Nas)  Yo From the days of arm call niggas hung around blocks and corner stores  Herringbone chains and fantasies rushin the door  Niggas from Rastel poppin shells, snatchin rings  Fly from shirt kings, from Queensbridge to 118  I had my eyes open, steppin out into the world  So fiendish, Ol' English 'til I url, growing pains  A young kid, learnin early how to know the game  USA Roller Skate rink, mobs and crews would take minks  Clean streets, hustlers, crack cocaine  Gave back by throwin block parties and basketball games  A lotta cash made on Hollis Ave., fast and change  High rollers was livin, until the Task Force came  A lotta ghost towns and memories, bad blooded enemies  So many died with the same gangsta pride that entered me  Peace to them old timers, they who taught us  How to stand strong and pass it on to the sons and daughters  We all glow, and I'm proud to be all that I know  Q-B-O-R-O, nigga, who I die for  Survi-val, how we came a long way in solidarity  Don't let nothin try an spoil this day  To Run, D and Jay it's love and my thug salute  'Cause real love's the only thing that comes above this loot  Carhart jeans, it makes me think of LL's troops  Let's celebrate, it's Queens Day, this one's for you  (Chorus) 2x  (Run)  Some come out they hometown and they never get dealt  But three teens from Queens took over the world and never let go  Just regular cats you know that just happened to blow  Not anonymous with Hollis, Jake, Darrell and Joe  Ay yo, we made so that others could grow  Look at LL, A Tribe Called Quest, Mobb and Nas Esco  Ain't takin credit, we showin pride, look at us now  Got haters mouths all open wide, wonderin how  In some cases the only thing that father and son  Have in common is they love for Run  Been the illest since day one, I'm too advanced to ever be caught  Who's more legendary than me...that's what I thought  And if somebody wanna test mine, yo, watch this  Peter Piper picked peppers......  And see I knew you knew the next line, and I bet you said it  It's been a minute, I'm still the king of the world so don't forget it  (Chorus) 2x  (Prodigy)  This is for my Q dogs who lit the block like spark  We grew up on Old English  Summertime Broyal Wilders Park used to be the shit,  why'd it have to stop  On the Ave. niggas blew on all the jewelry spots  Kicked the shirt kings for an ill airbrush top  That'll match my cortez Nike's  Niggas gettin robbed at the back door comin out with bags  We used to get our gold fronts, from Eddie's gold caps  What y'all know about that  I bet the whole Queens do, around '86 with the chrome bass crew  The young guns and lost boys made the news Queensbridge is story in two  The story is true  So let's party for the borough and shit  And everybody come outside, 'cause it's Queens Day kid  (Chorus) 3x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Scarface f/ Nas, Tanya Herron Album: The Fix Song: In Between Us Typed by: jasper00711@hotmail.com [Nas] Circumstances are like my first fight I lost It was swinging, my arms bugging, adrenaline pumping Oh shit, this little nigga's thugging I mean, I was thirteen, I was nursing a knot on my face But chose another time and a place That I would avenge my last fight cuz the same shit Ain't gonna happen that just happened last night Knuckle game changed quicker than lightning Hit 'em or slice 'em Either stick 'em or blast pipes, its the fastlife I try to give another nigga advice, shoot dice Do plenty of shit cuz this life, how many you get? How many niggas do you know get two Besides a nigga who snitch to skip a life-bid, be one a' your crew I don't respect killers, I respect O.G. knowledge Codes of the streets got new rules, but no guidance Lessons, detrimental to a young disciple Focus, take care of your brothers, niggas do as I do Keep your enemies close, where they can see you It's not your enemy who get you It's always your own people It's always your own people It's always your own people It's always your own people It's always your own people [Chorus: Tanya Herron] Mass confusion, in my head Killing me, driving me mad Got me wondering, can I trust my friends? Cuz they stick me in my back every chance they get Am I paranoid? and if that's the case Is it curable? Can you help me find my place? I can't handle this, I'm losing it With a loose grip I'm hanging on to emptiness Help your brother, save him from the Evil demons, in between us, came between us [Scarface] I know you hate me, don't you I bet you sit and wish my time never came You probably rather see me die in the game You probably rather see me die in a plane Well ya'll see me up on top of my thang I get my money shit changed And niggas start looking at me different than this I'm downplay the real of this shit to get with a bitch But I'ma tell a motherfucker like this You only good as what you come up against Nigga you get what you get Sure the grass is greener on the other side of the fence But any attempts and you gonna need the guy in the trench I'ma starter while you riding the bench You saying you a player, well I'm the one designing your prints Something to go by, to let these niggas know I Don't believe in letting shit slide, nigga gonna die Best friends since high school seniors But the homeboys are meaner, they let the bullshit come between us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slick Rick f/ Nas Album: The Art of Storytelling Song: Me & Nas Bring it to Your Hardest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Finally, a change from these fake rap artists [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, real niggaz that are Billboard charters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest [Slick Rick] Skills provide the shows, also fright the foes And when I step into a room, pimps hide they hoes "Is that really him?"	"Yes, that's his Highness and for the last time stop lookin at his fine ass" (Y'know!) Homosexuals, smirk, converse and say "That nigga box is WORKIN girlfriend!" You wanna talk about a fat phrase carrier to billionaire white chick jump the race barrier? You know a nice girl, but I didn't want a bit of her Sayin, "I like your slang what's with the wife, get rid of her" Son, Sony talkin Japanese with mice like, "Whattup Rick? You can have my cheese kid" I am such a heavy hitter even chandalier jealous off the patch ice glitter (bling!) Rappers walkin round, strappin fearsome, HERE SON and remember your rap career's done 	Finally, a change from these fake rap artists [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, real niggaz that are Billboard charters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, we'll seperate the men from the heartless [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, a tag team from the top all-starters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest [Nas] Runnin spots, pants leg tucked in my socks Puff and lay a spread, order drinks, Henn on the rocks Wintertime sport a fox, maybe a sable Three-quarter length mink sound right for this occasion Heard me John Blazin, see me in gangster flicks Life is so amazin, hate to be paperless Bill Gate in this, it must be God, I'm not a atheist Wanted like kingpins by ATF Your girl want my name on her chest Me and Rick argue about whose chain is the best Gucci boxers, my diet changed from sushi to pastas Wear my hat like the late Sinatra's Models pop the coochie when the spot us Finally rappers you could be proud of, from the Bronx to Queensbridge Houses WHAT? If you feel me then holla Thug niggaz, who bail be worth a million dollars, what 	Finally, a change from these fake rap artists [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, real niggaz that are Billboard charters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, we'll seperate the men from the heartless [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Finally, a tag team from the top all-starters [Rick]	Me and Nas bring it to your hardest 	Trackmasters.. Def Jam.. 	Baby what the deal [Rick]	Slick Rick, Big Nas yo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Chino XL, Nas, O.K., Ras Kass, Saafir, Shyheim Album: Wake Up Show Unreleased Project Song: Wake Up Show Anthem 1994 Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Chorus](2X) Oh-oh-oh I'm coolin' with my niggaz on the Wake up Show-oh-oh We kick a little something for the radio-oh-oh [Verse 1: Nas] Check it, bust it Tune it up it's the corrupt novelist, Nas Involved in this liveness radio waves Slaves thrive inside of this Wake Up Show flow, hip-hop's a long clock, the bomb spot Mellow with ganja, that makes my eyes turn yellow C reclimed on my leather sofa However close to Na- be I'm Joe Quicks King Tech I could just see 'em on the one and two son My blunted crew pour the rum 92.3, number one in the slum Representin' DJ's Sway's the host, see police the most What a collaboration see I'm comatose No pork just knowledge and I'm born once more It's the beat that blesses the street deep in the 9-4 [Verse 2: Pharoahe] Hip-hops last prophet henceforth in excistence The 92.3 megahertz will exert radio waves The slaves for a phenomenal distance Electrons appear to slice through jeeps that you can hear some Slum that it will chunk consider it will numb your eardrum Kid, you sleepin' like a Latter Day Saint With Sway & King Tech gon' wake you up on a saturday 9 to 12 verbal junkies overdose And Joe Quicks will get you fixed to the mix And then I'm ghost win [Verse 3: Prince Poetry] In your sleep I slap you with a lethal doses of medicine So Wake Up with Organizin' the bretherin King Tech, Joe Quiks better than your last fix Severing wackness with Sway the host dumps a fat mix Baby doll is frontin' so saturday night's open Hoppin' on the one on one, times scope And 92.3 degree is chokin' on chocolate And from thou smokin' Prince Po' Blows up from LA to Lobokin and I'm out [Verse 4: Ras Kass] Yo it's the Wake Up Show My genetic make up take up One hundred and thirty pounds of beef but my lyrics shake up, like January 17th Cause all the 16th MC's fossils Protect ya neck and wear a bulletproof vest on ya tonsils Amateurs bandage ya cornea Cause you don't wanna see California Get C-arson and spittin arsenic With Sway Tech and Joe Quicks on the mix Spinal meningitis ain't as stiff as the riff of Ras Kass, styles last like Jason crackers with whips Come equipped you're losin' your paraphernalia I'm a hip hop apostle Sing in the gospel like Mehailja, Jackson It's saturday nine until the break of dawn Put cocaine on my tongue You got crack now rock on *echo* [Verse 5: Chino XL] Saturday night get live set it off Right swing with my peeps King Tech yo pass the mic and turn her up Yeahyeahyeah it's peen kablow red sky it's Nine o clock, time for the Wake Up Show To the breaker you think I'ma say dawn But I say, day, cause it rhymes with Sway My word is bond I'm on the scene Plottin out the mainstream doin Them right, with Joe Quicks on the mix Late in the night so tune in Cause the crew don't sleep Boomin in ya Jeep on 92.3 [Verse 6: Foxy Brown] It's 9 o'clock PM, 92.3 the Beat begins To rock hip-hop non-stop, you know who got the props In L.A. on saturdays, Tech and Sway no doubt [Verse 7: ??] Set your clocks for the unorthodox hip-hop that drops Nine to midnight King Tech and Sway yo those kids is tight In the mix with Joe Quicks the verbs spit verses With the purpose of droppin curses like a triple six Fat snares and dirty kicks to get ya open From Watts to Oakland it's that raw {shit} that start provokin Smokin, word's precise like a laser, cross roads in the Wake Up Show We'll get your party shakin like a pager on silent mode, yeahha Nine to twelve saturday night fool, peep the episode [Verse 8: Saafir] Wake Up, Show, and you can tell I'm not spittin it in no muffled style No silent screams just weddings, rings To swings and Sway Techs King, Tech- -nique and I'm building in a little agility from Joe Quicks Hey Jay-Z in the eyes It's seen only on the bottom of water risin We're takin groups Put it on 92.3 while your beatin boops, oops I mean coops bumpin in to mission on the twine Swoop saturday between nine and twelve I'm delvin We're well tuned in to the pattern of the year Here on 92.3 times me Bo junks young ricks are bolders That are only soldiers are connected to Wake Up Show Ya right The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Cassidy, Fat Joe, Nas Album: Swizz Beatz Presents Ghetto Stories Song: The General (Remix) Typed by: jasper00711@hotmail.com [Swizz] Remix [Chorus][Nas] Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, They should salute me So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfucking general Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, They should salute me So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfucking general [Nas] Yo Esco illing, Swizz Beatz illing What more can we say, stop grilling 'Fore you get hit up, shut up good We'll merc you in your hood I'm el pacino, Nas the God, you'll lose your life Whether on the corner or clubs, I'm shooting dice Break my cipha, I'm get at you Slice you, knife you, stab you, shank you, splay ya'll Too many rappers is jealous, who be gasing the fellows Bunch of actors who never sold a crack in the ghetto Went from nasty to Esco, back to nasty Clapping that black heat None of ya'll are matching my level, I'm the general [Chorus][Nas] Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, They should salute me So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfucking general Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, They should salute me So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfucking general [Fat Joe] Nowadays I'm on some mack shit But I used to be loyal to tax, cracks The nigga that would soil-in your jacks Feed 'em with trays the size of light bulbs Coke so bright, it shine like white gold And the hoes love Joe way before this rap shit Before the Versace floors and the rolls to match it Joe's a bastard, I sell pussy for cheap Make my bitch walk the strip with no shoes on her feet Don't front for me, you kids is not balling If you is then why is your wiz on my dick like I'm Jordan Ties swollen for no man with bold plans Sick of this rap shit thats why I listen to slow jams I'm a grown man, the talk of the strip Niggas think I'm Kev Childs that way I boss this shit Dogs you's a bitch, I'm here to bring you a muzzle Saying I'm peeping, I'ma bring you a muzzle Get the point, General [Chorus][Nas] Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, They should salute me So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfucking general Now, niggas salute me, bitches salute me The block salute me, the hood salute me You should salute me, They should salute me So fuck who you are, I'm the motherfucking general [Cassidy] It's Cassidy, I get rock like a boat when you go fishing Ayo, Listen I'm the general like Tso's chicken I'm so sick you can tell by the expression on my face That I'll get in that ass like preparation H The weapon the waist and I spray guns off Cuz if its beef, I'ma be on top of it like A-1 sauce Pause, now who's the truth (me), Who's quick to shoot (me) My four-fifth got kick like Bruce Lee See, I'm a true G, hotter than soup be Raw like sushi, you gotta salute me You dudes see, I'll put in an order for you I'll let the water boil, cook in a quarter in the oil I had it for sell, but ya'll faggots would tell Go to jail and start singing like Patti LaBelle I ain't gonna back in a cell, you rat and you did Fuck a vest, put a bullet-proof hat on your head When I'm clapping the lead, I'll murder a nigga And if he say "he ain't the feds", then I'm serving the nigga I'm thristy for the change, playing games ain't a issue now A bitch would give you AIDS nowadays if she kiss you now I got that coke and that haze on my grillizy now We going to war, you gonna need more than a pistol now They throwing missles round, you still trying to get a nine Uh, its the last days, end of time The terrorists jacking planes, sending bombs to the Pentegon They off the hook like intercoms, we just had a bad wintertime So you know they gonna start to rob And steal for a mil when its dinnertime YOu still spending time focusing on dumb shit On the block smoking, but you broken on some bumshit What the hell, you might as well put a suit and tie on Jump into a casket and get your die on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland f/ Mad Skillz, Nas Album: Tim's Bio: Life From Da Bassment Song: To My Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tim] It don't stop [Nas] Can't stop [Tim] Say what? [Nas] Play your parts [Tim] Uh-huh, it don't stop [Nas] Nas Esco' [Tim] Say what? Huh, uh-huh [Tim] Uh-huh, it don't stop [Tim] Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh, uh [Tim] It don't stop, what? [Nas] Yea yea, Brave-hearts [Tim] Guess what y'all? Check it Verse One: Nas I, splash y'all dudes with gats I use Ice dangle off my chest cause my cash improve Nice knuckle game, chip-toothed, way of buck and change I want the dough, fuck the fame Already made history, y'all can have that, that ain't shit to me About to have my own ASCAP, and that's that And plus a rotisserie, instead of Kenny Rogers and Benihana's, y'all can eat, plenty at Nas' Buffet of lobsters, dressed in Esco' boxers With honies that sex so proper, best flow since Rakim Liver, personification of drama Describe my, characteristics, murder co-signer Some will smoke embalmin fluid and vomit to it I'm straight chronic, yo it's atomic how I blew up Same ol' G, since I rocked Kangol's, Lee's Nothin changed but my bankroll, still jig to the ankles Chorus: Nas Please, to my niggaz To my bitches, to my gangsters To my riders, to my niggaz To my bitches, to my niggaz To my riders, to my gangsters To my bitches, to my niggaz And fly assholes, to my niggaz To my bitches, Timbaland and Esco' [Mad Skillz] Yo, yo, we rippin tracks, it's like beatin beats with bats Watchin crews change the views when the heat in they back If you hear a click, trust me, you wouldn't hear clack If you push it up front, I got no choice, but to pull it back Your rhymes don't faze me, I'm above em; half y'all raps is born retarded, now you out here tryin to get rid of em You should be sick of it, I posess no flaws That's from the man that made your Head Nod til you Lick-ed his Balls Verses I spit em, when it's my turn to get em, I got hot flows I only do shows for burn victims So cock this mic, and bust out your back, kill you And then they gonna blame me for fuckin up rap Who's fuckin with that? Skillz and Esco', it's on When you speak in my direction, watch your tone From Q-B to V-A, can't count the blocks we own It's locked and sewn I repeat nigga, watch your tone Chorus [Timbaland] Yo commmmmme see The big man with the diamonds and the fly Bentleys Ladies loooooovve me; niggaz say "Timbaland's really rappin, what the fuck is up B?" Jeallllllousy I kill niggaz with seven thangs, most they jackin beats I'm a eight digit niiggy Maybe I just rebuild Titanic and send that out to see What? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tragedy Khadafi f/ Nas, Noreaga Album: Iron Sheik's EP  Song: Calm Down (Street Version) Typed by: RPMxxxxxPnPR@aol.com [Tragedy Khadafi] Yo Yo Peep the black Moses Literature in pure dosage From the landscape of Kuwait jakes and vultures Too many of us lose focus Due to the fact that we all just a bunch of soldiers foul cultures Funny how the streets mold us Allah told us in the cages where they hold us Its much colder Then babies follow our footsteps the way we rep They model us leave a richer nigga dead and wet though We learn the same jewels but it seems we forget though Yeah Shoulda knew what love is before we learn what a thug is Know we left our seeds to be raised by they mothers I seen the hood raise brothers Kill too many of us A thin line between the haters and the ones who love us A thinner line from the freedom and the foul judges In the streets where the snake niggas hold grudges Chorus #1 (Nas) Music make this thug calm down Music make this thug.....calm down Music make this thug calm down Music make this thuuuug.....calm down Yeah [Nas] Yo Yo I know you hate to hear the drama but drama's all we know We laugh with the rich cats when they leave we switch back Somebody asked yo how he get that with his bitch ass Comin' through on the humble just to chit chat He used to be down on the corner with us He was born with niggas but know he's on to mad figgas With mad bitches a sharp dresser Cool nigga but about to be called out By the heart testers never known for bustin his chrome Wasn't soft but wasn't respected till he was grown School he graduated somebody you could say had made it While we stayed in the projects walking the pavement Everybody has their ups and downs  But this one kid had stayed rich while we slang the grave shifts I'm tired of it said a cat whose name I'mma leave anonymous Cuz he might take it as some kind of dis Anyway he saw him driving up inside the projects Tried to stick him but he got bodied in the process The victor had become the victim Thought he had a smooth nigga caught but a smooth nigga licked him Chorus #2 (Nas) All the way doooooown Music make these thuuuugs...calm down Music make these thugs calm down Music make these thuuuugs...calm down [Noreaga] Yo Jose Luis gotcha golden guns Frank Sinatra Amigo sancha all on the scene with menacla Fajardo Bayamon me and Ramon Chrome K-Tone back to San Juan my pops home Sit on the throne like a king of my kind Take mine genuine laced up laid up Yo ?Que Pasa? ven aqui yo you and your hijo Perico Puerto Rico Manny's hijo Chico He kept his heat low by his feet though Came with mami chula grande cula Little menuda smoke buddah fatty bangin' plus the bitch cuta Que linda you should seened her Iraq rush ya premises the nemesis Drinkin Guinesses What! for Revelation on the Genesis The Nazis and worn papi call up Khadafi  I'm on today we stayin' bent all day And put the lye out in your mug like ashtray Cabron! Castellano too many people in my cypher bloody up my visiano Too much weakness the German secret laid my pregame down You just a hijo slap you with the black heat though I'm all about my clique blowin' up people showin' up CNN What! we want the gold nothin less Buddah bless me caress me bitches here too sex me Undress me suck me off Crunch much like a Nestle Suck it off suck it off suck it off suck me off Chorus #1 and #2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ T-Pain Album: Careless World: Rise of the Last King Song: Celebration Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [T-Pain] YEAHHH! [Intro/Chorus: T-Pain] I ain't gotta do nuttin, I ain't gotta say shit Everybody put your cups up and roll the blunts up It's a fuckin celebration, yeah, bitches Yeah everything is alright, I propose a toast to the greatest Come and get up on this fly shit baby It's a fuckin celebration, bitches [Tyga] UHH, ba-ballin in this bitch cause I'm better Models at my table and they down for whatever It's a cold world so it's heat in my leather We-we gonna make it rain, we ain't trippin off the weather Birthday suits removed, your negli-gee Baby baby let me put you on game I got that crazy crazy, I drive you insane E'ry plane, tint change, man these niggaz know my name T-Raw, young star, gringo Shinin hard e'ry second don't blink hoe If you ain't sippin then you trippin better drink mo' Too many picks on the field tryin to get chose What-what'cha homegirl don't know won't hurt her so girl let go They say they ain't trickin if you got it But we ain't trickin and yeah we got it So I ain't gotta [Tyga] Fly-fly niggaz do fly things Overseas, I can put you on my dream team Ha-keem, Tyga-lajuwon Two rings, yeah we on one, we ain't never done It's mo' fun when you livin how we livin Big living room, beautiful women Baby take your shoes off, she just tryin to kick it Goin downtown now, she gon' let me kiss it So good, yup yup, Young Money and we all good All my homies in this thang, wish a nigga would If a nigga could, I don't think he should Gettin money, rockin clubs like T Woods Bright lights like we livin in the sky E'rybody put your hands up high Yeah - it ain't trickin if you got it But we ain't trickin and yeah we got it So baby look [Chorus] - 2X [Tyga - talking over Chorus] Ha ha, yeah~! I ain't gotta say shit though It's a celebration bitches, ha ha ha Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean, Nas Album: Wolf Song: 48 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Nas] Crack fucked up the world, and I wonder if they realized the damage I mean, I come from an era who made a lot of money of that shit I wonder if it fucked with their conscious It fucked with me being out there, I couldn't stand it I couldn't stand seeing people fucking themselves up like that But that's where the money came from [Chorus 2X: Tyler the Creator & Frank Ocean] 48, 48, 48 states I get it in 48, 48, 48 states I get it in They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose If you really need some blow I can get it for the low [Tyler, the Creator] Shit is getting warmer on that corner Gotta watch out for them 5-0 phoners Your mother is a goner I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar You got a daughter, shits getting harder The only thing you wanna bump her was your freedom You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep, and the seashore ain't soil You got a mother, she don't support you But you bought her a new house cause you love her Growing up you barely had a roof Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof I guess you're accustomed to what you're used to So you bought two, nigga They are coming for you, nigga Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind and it's all an illusion Who was alludin' all of this potent I am the reason your family is using and shootin' up, it's my fault You can blame me motherfucker, for killin' your aunties and uncles The hustle and hunger, all I wanted was a cheeseburger And a little chain tuck, didn't realize this game fucked, up some lives "Oh how's ma?" my conscience eats it up all the time But other than that I'm fine I got a little money in my pocket [Tyler, the Creator] Nigga, we broke as fuck Homie got a chop shop I sold that truck And I sold that dope Motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry She could have been a doctor, nigga, I'm sorry Could have been a actor and won that Oscar, said, I'm sorry I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry But I got a nice car, put my sister through school While my momma all cool, I'm sorry I'm in too deep and I can't see the shore, I'm sorry [Nas] You get addicted to the flip, the transaction, the hustling Even more than the money, it's just your job You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man And make this happen for that person, to do this and do that You become the go to guy forever And next thing you know you're in too deep, way too deep Scare the shit out of you, you wind up with so much work That you'll be scared to death It's important for us to realize, man We gotta get out of that, man Ya know, dudes is buying choppers To shoot down people that look just like them Dudes is buying guns to take down each other Nobody wins Ya known what I mean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Saul Williams f/ Nas Album: Black Stacey (Remix) 12" Song: Black Stacey (Remix) Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Verse 1: Saul Williams] I used to hump my pillow at night The type of silent prayer to make myself prepare for the light Me and my cousin Duce would rank the girls between one and ten And the highest number got to be my pillows pretend Now I apologize to every high ranker But you taught me how to dream and so I also "Thank Ya" I never had the courage to approach you at school We joked around a lot and I know you thought I dressed cool But I was just coverin' up All the insecurities that came bubblin' up My complexion had me stuck in an emotional rut Like the time you Flavor flaved me and you called me "Yo Chuck" They say "I'm too black man", I think I'm too black Mom, do you think I'm too black?, I think I'm too black I think I'm too black, I think I'm too black You're black, you're black, you're black, you're black [Hook: Saul Williams] Black Stacey, they called me Black Stacey I never got to be myself, 'cause to myself I always was.. Black Stacey, in polka dots and paisley A double goose and bally shoes, you thought it wouldn't faze me I was Black Stacey, the Preachers' son from Haiti Who rhymed a lot and always got the dances at the party I was Black Stacey, you thought it would was a phase But it did, 'cause I was just a kid [Verse 2: Nas] Uh, Black Jesus help us - Muhammad (pbuh) guide me Like Otis Blackwell, wrote hits for Elvis Made my pen write, my insight as wisely In flight, she five feet massage, plus got Kelis beside me Yves St-Laurent shades, Dom P's, entrees Land where there's palm trees Louis luggage, truly love it Truly covered in fragrance, from blazin' that stinky Rubies like Diallo, red blood on my pinky I peep this treatment I'm gettin', they actin' real funny Like I don't belong here, but I'm spendin' real money And they turnin' up their noses at us, like they can't stand us Like I ain't a King, so I'm callin' up the Manager Here comes this black dude, guess they've sent him to handle us Have the nerve to say - "they don't tolerate no animals" WHAT?, a sellout coon, he black like me So we got the hell out the room, I roll with Black Stacey [Verse 3: Saul Williams] Now here's a little message for you All you baller playa's got some insecurities too That you could cover up, bling it up, cash in and cha-ching it up Hope no one will bring it up, lock it down and string it up Or you can share your essence with us 'cause everythin' about you couldn't be rugged and ruff And even though you tote a glock and you're hot on the street If you dare to share your heart, we'll nod our heart to its beat And you should do that, if nothin' else, to prove that A player like you could keep it honest and true Don't mean to call your bluff, but motherfucka that's what I do You got platinum chain then, son, I'm probably talkin' to you And you can call your gang, your posse and the rest of your crew And while you're at it, get them addicts and the indigent too I plan to have a whole army by the time that I'm through To load their guns with songs they haven't sung, like.. [Hook: Saul Williams] Black Stacey, they called me Black Stacey I never got to be myself, 'cause to myself I always was.. Black Stacey, in polka dots and paisley A double goose and bally shoes, you thought it wouldn't faze me I was Black Stacey, the Preachers' son from Haiti Who rhymed a lot and always got the dances at the party I was Black Stacey, you thought it would was a phase But it did, 'cause I was just a kid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Amy Winehouse f/ Nas Album: Lioness: Hidden Treasures Song: Like Smoke Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Amy Winehouse] I never wanted you to be my man I just need your company Don't want to get dependent on Your time or who you spend it on Or lose the way you love me Like smoke, I hang around and be your balance Whoa ohhh, whoa-ooooh [Nas] It's not a movie, this is not a script to proofread I spit some untruths to dumb fools and groupies Tryna punctuate pronounciate the funds I make, amounts to take Put in your face, oh my mistake you're not a floozy? Oh excuse me...  Before I talk my style, introduce me  Get your name and phone number like one two three Y'all know the story, y'all know the commentary I kick the narrative, this is legendary The Good Samaritan, hood thespian like a polygamist with a twist; will I marry again? Maybe I guess I hold a lady interest I just met  the love scholar, she the teacher's pet Every other eve we'd meet and make each other sweat I feel triumphant, no strings, just a fling to have fun with I be out in London, Camden, huntin for the answers  Why did God take away the homie? I can't stand it I'm a firm believer that we all meet up in eternity Just hope the Big Man show me some courtesy Why? Cause I'm deemed a heartbreaker Like smoke, girls linger 'round a playa, yea-uh Yeah yeah [Nas] Yo, this recession is a test, it's affectin my complexion Misdirecting my affection, my concerns of bill collections The facts is the taxes, they after me, Chapter 3 My property, my handlers, they dealt with me improperly I say some things I should probably keep privately Evaluate the World Bank trust like I'm IEG This fly sweet semi-bourgeoisie tall freak  She wouldn't protest with me at Wall Street She says, "No, you're so deep" I said, "No, let's go through it" Historically so ruthless, feds came for Joe Lewis She said, "My man, you need to laugh sometime" Classifies me as a bore, I told her have some wine You colder than penguin pussy at her dismay She's thinkin that's just so silly to say But if you really think about it hussy See a penguin, he drags his ass on the ground all day and it's a drag and it's a bust that you're in tune with just lust I'm through with you after I crush, so is that humorous enough??  The smoke I puff, tell a car to go to  Aura Funky Buddah Whiskey Mist on Mayfair I hope I meet some Monie Loves so she can show me love NYC to UK, I might stay there Everybody in the club tonight say yeah You know how me and Amy are, straight players [Amy Winehouse] Ohhh, whoa-ohhh, whoaaa, ohh-ohhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wu-Tang Clan f/ Nas Album: The W Song: Let My Niggas Live Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro Skit] Someday I'm gonna be walkin down the streets, mindin my own business.. and BAM!! I'm gon' be shot by some pig who's gonna SWEAR that it was a mistake. I accept that as a part of my destiny! {*Si es mi destino morir en la calle como un perro! Hahaha*} [Raekwon the Chef] Whattup kid? That's right.. Yo.. aiyyo.. aiyyo.. [Chorus: Raekwon] Aiyyo let my niggas live We show and prove get paper, catch me in the caper on shrooms yo Let my niggas live We real niggas that's God-body, challenge anything, make major moves Let my niggas live We giants, live off the land lions, post with iron, no pryin rules Let my niggas live; aiyyo let my niggas live Handle your bid and kill no kids [Raekwon the Chef] Millionaire feat, whole family eat; yo, y'all niggas is weak Got a bird beak, chirp chirp speak Kids that's rich that'll, run in your bitch and by the third week Yo mark my word, me and my herb speak That's that fire move like Schwinns yo Invisible pens that write light, leave blends Hit with the JF Kennedy shot Smash with the Acapulco rifle got got Bolt off, but got clocked Legendary here, custom made it, shit bladed, word up Design your alphabet, reps get graded We in get-high saloons, big bag of shrooms, arm's length Home of Allah's ten big rooms So what we up in here, modelin large with rigorous moves Exotic Gods bust my hammer at frauds Call him a live merchant, dressed in all red, that's right y'all Gucci jumper X-5, gettin more head [Nas] I scream at the mirror, curse, askin God, "Why me?" Run in the black church, gun in my hand, y'all try me I'm God-son, son of man, son of Marcus Garvey Rastafari irie, Ha-ile Selassie Police'll try to break us, but the streets raised us It takes more than metal bars, we destined for ours I hear murder plans from dopefiends, with elephant hands Snots in they nostril, the blocks is hostile There's no pots to piss in, glocks is spittin Rocks cookin underground bodies stiffin, cops look at bird shit Drop on the window pane, the oxygen is cocaine It drove lots of men to die with no name I been on boats, nut down throats, pee on bitches who famous Pretty dick, puttin stitches in they anus I'm the animal that Hugh Heffner created The only nigga Sad dated, the most hated, Nas nigga [Inspectah Deck] Roughneck reppin the set, bang 'em twice in the neck C.O. flip and jerk the whole yard rec Block vets, pop barettas glocks and tecs You're no threat, gun talk, the language of the project Checkin shorty with the +Black Tail+ stance, leapord pants Yellin fuck her man, makin killings off her lap dance Plus the young guns runnin the slums, funds is major Drugged out, got you huntin for crumbs stuck to the razor Semi-autos roar in the building hall Symptoms of bloodsport, the slugs are still in wall Call it a New York state of mind, gotta take mine In the daytime, the Jakes'll hit ya forty-one times So I live by the sword and obey hood laws Make my team click like high heels on wood floors The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Jeezy f/ Nas Album: The Recession Song: My President Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Young Jeezy] Yeah, be the realest shit I never wrote I ain't write this by the way nigga, some real shit right here nigga This'll be the realest shit you ever quote Let's go! [Hook: Young Jeezy} My president is black, my Lambo's blue And I'll be goddamned if my rims ain't too My momma ain't at home, and daddy's still in jail Tryna make a plate, anybody seen the scale? My president is black, my Lambo's blue And I'll be goddamned if my rims ain't too My money's light green and my Jordans light grey And they love to see white, now how much you tryna pay? Let's go! [Verse 1: Young Jeezy] Today was a good day, hope I have me a great night I don't know what you fishin for but catch you a great white Me, I see great white, heavy as killer whales I cannot believe this, who knew it came in bails Who knew what came with jail, who knew what came with prison Just cause you got opinions, does that make you a politician? Bush robbed all of us, would that make him a criminal? And then he cheated in Florida, would that make him a seminal? I say and I quote, "We need a miracle" And I say a miracle cause this shit is hysterical By my nephews and nieces, I will email Jesus Tell him forward to Moses and CC Allah Mr. Soul Survivor, guess that make me a Konvict Be all you be, now don't that sound like some dumb shit When you die over crude oil as black as my nigga Boo It's really a Desert Storm, that's word to my nigga Clue Catch me in Las Vegas, A.R. Arizona Rep for them real niggas, I'm winnin in California Winnin in Tennessee, hands down Atlanta Landslide Alabama, on my way to Sevana [Hook] [Verse 2: Young Jeezy] I said I woke up this morning, headache this big Pay all these damn bills, feed all these damn kids Buy all these school shoes, buy all these school clothes For some strange reason my son addicted to Polos Love me some spinach dip, I'm addicted to Houston's And if the numbers is right I take a trip out to Houston An earthquake out in China, a hurricane in New Orleans Street Dreams Tour, I showed my ass in New Orleans Did it for Soulja Slim, brought out B.G. It's all love Bun, I'm forgivin you Pimp C You know how the Pimp be, that nigga gon' speak his mind If he could speak down from heaven he'd tell me stay on my grind Tell him I'm doin fine, Obama for mankind We ready for damn change so y'all let the man shine Stuntin on Martin Luther, feelin just like a king Guess this is what he meant when he said that he had a dream [Hook] [Verse 3: Nas] Yeah, our history, black history, no president ever did shit for me Had to hit the streets, had to flip some keys so a nigga won't go broke Then they put us in jail, now a nigga can't go vote So I spend doe, all these hoes is trippin She a ain't a politician, honey's a polotician My president is black, rolls golden charms Twenty-two inch rims like Hulk Hogan's arms When thousands of peoples is riled up to see you That can arouse ya ego, we got mouths to feed so Gotta stay true to who you are and where you came from Cause at the top will be the same place you hang from No matter how big you can ever be For whatever fee or publicity, never lose your integrity For years there's been surprise horses in this stable Just two albums in, I'm the realest nigga on this label Mr. Black President, yo Obama for real They gotta put your face on the five-thousand dollar bill [Hook] [Outro: Young Jeezy] So I'm sittin right here now man It's June 3rd haha, 2:08 AM Nigga I won't say win, lose or draw Man we congratulate you already homie See I motivate the thugs right You motivate us homie, that's what it is This a hands on policy, y'all touchin me right nigga Yeah, first black president, win, lose or draw nigga Haha, matter of fact, you know what it is man Shouts out to Jackie Robinson, Booker T, Washington homie Oh you ain't think I knew that shit? Sydney portea what dey do? Haha, my president is black I'm important too though, my Lambo's blue I was, I was the first nigga to ride through my hood in a Lamborghini yeah haha 