The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar Song: St. Louie Typed by: notoriousmbs@yahoo.com (Chorus: repeat 2X) Mmmmm you can find me in St. Louie Where the gun play ring all day (nanana) Some got jobs and some sell yea' Others just smoke and fuck all day I'm from the home of Red Fox, Ced the Entertainer Jettin off with Brian Cox, I'll see ya later Maybe not cuz I got somethin hot In the Navigator, waitin in the parkin lot A Bad Boy, on a Ryde Ruff-er than The LOX I keep 'em both cocked, nina and sabrina Now tell me boys have ya seen her Have you seen her, nine millimeter Makin niggas believas Hop out the two seater, in a Vokal wife beater Levi's fresh from the cleaners Heavy starch with the cuff Like fuck it leave it to beaver Catch me in the Galleria, Plaza of Chesterfield Rollin down Hanley Hills, in a black Sedan Deville I used to love it when hit me for a rocker Maybe a bopper, I kept it proper A non-stopper, around the clock-a Now it's cool to pull up the Benz and helicopta, uh Chorus Sunday mornin, crack of dawnn and I'm yawnin Natural bridge and kings highway is where I'm goin Wake up man and start blowin Gotta get those juices flowin Now I'm gonna tell ya one more time For you cats that just ain't knowin Hey, you can find me in St. Louie In the hole with me Fetty and Leezy gettin swoll Grabbin the Optimo, sharpin up my flow Practicin for my shows, that's usually how it goes We be ready to go, the chronic already rolled Swingin through O'Fallon Sounds, knockin out of control Like a boom boom boom, who is it? It's Jackie Frost The one who's gettin where he at and he showed you who was the boss I'm like a human hot sauce Thinkin I'll burn your thoughts Your information was false I'll show you just what it costs In the M I crooked letter crooked letter O U R I No one could do it better, hey Chorus Now in the middle we keep it crunk and jiggy Love 'Pac and Biggie The way that you love your sticky Call Louie he have you pissy Mix with hen and crissy Bumpin Tim and Missy With Slim he used to diss me In the red Expedishy Thats Okay though, she can ride for the day though Can't even be a house guest Kato I'm a dog I said it rough Now call me snoopy Wouldn't have me in a hoopie Now you see me in a coupie In front of utopia, I'm hopin ya Come down herd chippin, may I'm toastin ya Thanksgiving in these parts yo we roastin ya And when the heat come down Get ghostin ya (god bless us) Loax with us, just how he jokes with us My daddy told me that I'm supposed to bust Don't be provokin us It ain't no joke in us Just the North, South, East, West coast, and us Chorus repeat until end (with talking) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar  Song: Greed, Hate, Envy Typed by: IcebergRep757@cs.com Right up in here, is the sweet spot Stay right up in here, and don't bend unda pre'sure Is that what it is? The cake will do Uhh, uhh uhh, the cake will do Tell em, fuck the shame, tell em Fuck the game, don't let the game fuck you Check it out [Nelly] I - opened up shop at 13 Dimes, dubs, quarter sacks and O-Z's From hand-held, digital to triple-beam Now my pa-ger's an e-mail flip screen Expanded my game off into amphetamines Looked around and had a small wall green But tha word out on tha street is that u fucked wit my fiends Them niggas around tha corner then let tha thing beam Now they done let it burn out, phone a ching ching Just another - hustle to add to my schemes Just another piece of the puzzle to my dreams cuz the house, the cars, and the coffee take green I might ride tha range wit tha Roley on the rocks or push a candy colored cutless wit a matchin T-shirt When the - spot get hot don't stop, move shop Find another block restock and take it from the top now (Chorus) Repeat 2x Greed, Hate, Envy but cake will do Fuck tha game don't let the game fuck you  Follow the rules stay cool and rock jewels Greed, Hate, Envy but cake will do [Nelly] So you think you're the shit nigga YA smell me Shouts out to my nigga NORE I'll never take another man's glory Shit don't mix like Shaq and Kobe Now you know me, I be low key On these icey roleys Scob done showed me And hoes ignored me, now they blow me Them niggas that loaned me now they owe me Oh me Oh my I can see tha greed and tha envy in yo eyes Now call me a lie While you five stand by I stand by tha captain Hoe play now did somebody page Samson I stay cheefin' higha than a hooker on the weekends Seven days a weekend man, I walk in yo church reekin Now Lester called me a heathen old fish eyed fool Bitch had the nerve to repeat old fish eyed fool Chorus [Nelly] One time out in the Range Rover (WOOP WOOP, WOOP!) Aww shit they pulled me over  What tha hell y'all fuckin wit me fo? Speed limit 30 just doin 34  "Yeah son, where the gun?" It's at home wit tha dope  "Oh you a smart ass ha?" Nah that's my lil joke "How bout I tow yo truck in?" Ain't no need to be provoked  besides everything up in here done been smoked I ain't got nuttin but tapes and CDs  Pocket full of G's and two tickets across seas So me and my boo can lay under the palm trees Ain't no more questions then hand me my ID  You could tell he was pissed  cuz the black man in the black range  doin black things wit his black change Doin the right thing, drivin his ass insane  And if I wasn't in his face he probably be callin me names  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar Song: Country Grammar (Hot Shit) Typed by: CASHBREAKER@webtv.net * Nelly either says "Lou'" or "Loop" before "and I'm proud" in line  11 of verse 1. If you disagree with the current version, read it the  OTHER way. NO MORE "COUNTRY GRAMMAR" CORRECTIONS WILL BE ACCEPTED. (HOT SHIT!) Chorus: Nelly Hmmmmm I'm goin down down baby, yo' street in a Range Rover (c'mon) Street sweeper baby, cocked ready to let it go (HOT SHIT!) Shimmy shimmy cocoa what? Listen to it pound Light it up and take a puff, pass it to me now I'm goin down down baby, yo' street in a Range Rover Street sweeper baby, cocked ready to let it go Shimmy shimmy cocoa what? Listen to it pound Light it up and take a puff, pass it to me now [Nelly] Mmmmm, you can find me, in St. Louis rollin on dubs Smokin on dubs in clubs, blowin up like cocoa puffs Sippin Bud, gettin perved and getting dubbed Daps and hugs, mean mugs and shoulder shrugs And it's all because, 'ccumulated enough scratch just to navigate it, wood decorated on chrome and it's candy painted, fans fainted - while I'm entertainin Wild ain't it? How me and money end up hangin I hang with Hannibal Lector (HOT SHIT!) so feel me when I bring it Sing it loud (what?)  I'm from the Loop * and I'm proud Run a mile - for the cause, I'm righteous above the law Playa my style's raw, I'm "Born to Mack" like Todd Shaw Forget the fame, and the glamour Give me D's wit a rubber hammer My grammar be's ebonics, gin tonic and chronic Fuck bionic it's ironic, slammin niggaz like Onyx Lunatics til the day I die I run more game than the Bulls and Sonics Chorus [Nelly] Who say pretty boys can't be wild niggaz? Loud niggaz, O.K. Corral niggaz Foul niggaz, run in the club and bust in the crowd nigga How nigga? Ask me again and it's goin down nigga Now nigga, come to the circus and watch me clown nigga Pound niggaz, what you be givin when I'm around nigga Frown niggaz, talkin shit when I leave the town nigga Say now, can you hoes come out to play now Hey I'm, ready to cut you up any day now Play by, my rules Boo and you gon' stay high May I, answer yo' +Third Question+ like A.I. Say hi, to my niggaz left in the slamma From St. Louis to Memphis From Texas back up to Indiana, Chi-Town K.C. Motown to Alabama L-A, New York Yankee niggaz to Hotlanta 'ouisiana, all my niggaz wit "Country Grammar" Smokin blunts in Savannah Blow thirty mill' like I'm Hammer Chorus [Nelly] Let's show these cats to make these milli-ons So you niggaz quit actin silly, mon +Kid+ quicker than +Billy+, mon Talkin really and I need it mon Flows I kick 'em freely mon, 'specially off Remi, mon Keys to my Beemer, mon - holla at Beenie Man See me, mon, cheifin rollin deeper than any mon through Jennings mon, through U-City back up to Kingsland wit nice niggaz, sheist niggaz who snatch yo' life niggaz Trife niggaz, who produce and sell the same beat twice, nigga (HOT SHIT!) Ice niggaz, all over close to never sober From broke to havin bro-kers my price Range is Rover Now I'm knockin like Jehovah - let me in now, let me in now Bill Gates, Donald Trump let me in now Spin now, I got money to lend my friends now We in now, candy Benz, Kenwood and 10"s now I win now (Whoo!) Fuckin lesbian twins now Seein now, through the pen I make my ends now Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Country Grammar Song: Steal Da Show Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (City Spud) Yo, 'for the nigga mention my name I let him know the deal I'm the nigga, same nigga, thought was a lame nigga Now I push a Range nigga, you know the name nigga Peep the Iceberg jeans, the ice chain nigga And if I got beef I let the whole world know it So if you got beef let the whole world know it Yaun take it to the streets let the whole world know it It's the chance for your big career, don't blow it Or get it blown from the top gun nigga  I ain't finished talkin 'bout it 'till ya top gone nigga Dissin my crew you catch hot ones I'm hot son, yo that's why I carry hot guns I'm on a beach in L.A. fuckin fly misses While you niggas at the crib tryna' find misses Yo I'm gettin head from the Mexican dime bitches Them niggas mad 'cause they riches ain't like my riches (Murphey Lee) A yo, I'm Murphey Lee the school boy The civilized jewel boy I got not one, two, three, four, five, but six whores For equality, Vokal, Cammy, and Wallabies I smoke la like daa-da-dee, it got me boomin like ba-da-bing Rap, don't gotta sing 'cause I get my hum on Actually I get hummed on Hoes tongues be on my dong dong Gevity-long, head at night, head in the morn Lunatic, five strong, king kong's are writin songs Cats be gettin gone thinkin they got it goin on Folks brought you a brawl, it all started in ya home Check the background, St. Louis clown from the U-Town Fourteen, pimp of the year like Dru Down Same crew now, it's too damn quiet but too loud Hoes be pretendin always sayin they too proud If I ruled the world, I do now Me and the 'Tics 'bout to rack 'em and move the crowd (Hook - Lunatics) 2x Call the cops, I see a robbery in progress Lunatics about to steal the show (Where you from?) >From the S-T-L, M-O, 3-1-4 (Ali) I rip grass and smash, with a 44 mag This nigga jag, from the front to the back I heard it crash Nigga ??? ??? hurt 'em bad, you heard him laugh Talkin trash 'bout whoopin my ass I never let a nigga do that, who that Get his brains blew back with a new gat Yellin "true that", hollowtips is goin cleeeeean through that And I didn't have to get my whole team just to do that In a blue hat, with a black baggy Karl Kani An iced out ring just to score on your eye Hard to die, like Bruce, Lee get a victory Cats is sick like H-I-V if they feelin weak We be ??? ???, Jackie Frost, ??? ??? Danny Terrio, ???? shows to the Motorola Money hold up, whippin the Rover, high roller dog What you holdin, I'm paid, so controllin y'all Yiggidy yes y'all like Das EFX, I's be next To rep that Midwest, it's sets and projects (Keyaun) Now once Keyaun say hit the safe, raise the stakes 'Tics in fifty states, might as well blaze the cake I got moves to make, transactions to handshakes Drugs for papes, now I'm sellin CDs and tapes Funerals and wakes caused by greed and hate A snake is still a snake no matter the size or shape Those that hate, anchored with weights, found in the lake Come off the chain my main, you tied to the gate First you caught a case, second you caught the babes Third, you caught me with your date, that was no mistake Good things come to those who wait So if you waitin on them 'Tics, huh, they gon' be late In your house with your spouse I'm doin the nasty I'm a felon, ask Jay, I rob industries and ashtrays Branson and hashy, ??? ??? and wrap somethin And burn the place, ya heard me (Nelly) Watch me load up the ammo, cock it back slow In the back door, infrared low Tell me somethin that I don't already know Like, which one of these closets contain cash flow Got three little problems I just thought you should know Peep, I'm addicted to 'yes' and I'm allergic to 'no' I'm obsessed with dough, money makin and the hoes Anything other than satisfaction gon' blow Heard through the grapevine you lookin for me Couldn't be, 'cause if it was you would be bookin from me Shook when ya see Nelly rollin in the GS-3 Hangin out the sunroof like "bing, bing, bing" Back the car up, pop the trunk now Can ya hold ya breath 'cause I'ma flood this town That ass scream "nine-second-five right here" Neighbors on the lawn like "Nelly, why right here" (Hook) 1 1/2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ City Spud Album: Country Grammar Song: Ride Wit Me Typed by: imdareal@aol.com * * send corrections to THIS typist only Where they at (8X) If you wanna go and take a ride wit me We three-wheelin in the fo' with the gold D's Oh why do I live this way? (Hey, must be the money!) If you wanna go and get high wit me Smoke a L in the back of the Benz-y Oh why must I feel this way? (Hey, must be the money!) [Verse 1] In the club on the late night, feelin right Lookin tryin to spot somethin real nice Lookin for a little shorty I noticed so that I can take home  (I can take home) She can be 18 (18) wit an attitude  or 19 kinda snotty actin real rude But as long as you a thicky thicky thick girl you know that it's on  (Know that it's on) I peep something comin towards me on the dance floor  Sexy and real slow (hey)  Sayin she was peepin and I dig the last video So when Nelly, can we go; how could I tell her no? Her measurements were 36-25-34 I like the way you brush your hair And I like those stylish clothes you wear I like the way the light hit the ice and glare And I can see you boo from way over there [Verse 2] Face and body front and back, don't know how to act Without no vouchers on her boots she's bringin nuttin back You should feel the impact, shop on plastic when the sky's the limit and them haters can't get past that Watch me as I gas that, fo' dot six Range Watch the candy paint change, everytime I switch lanes It feel strange now Makin a livin off my brain, instead of 'caine now I got the title from my momma put the whip in my own name now Damn shit done changed now Runnin credit checks with no shame now I feel the fame now (come on), I can't complain now (no more) Shit I'm the mayne now, in and out my own town I'm gettin pages out of New Jersey, from Courtney B. Tellin me about a party up in NYC And can I make it? Damn right, I be on the next flight Payin cash; first class - sittin next to Vanna White [Chorus 2X] [Verse 3] Check, check -- yo, I know somethin you don't know And I got somethin to tell ya You won't believe how many people, straight doubted the flow Most said that I was a failure But now the same motherfuckers askin me fo' dough And I'm yellin, "I can't help ya" "But Nelly can we get tickets to the next show?" Hell no (what's witchu?!) you for real?! [City Spud] Hey yo, now that I'm a fly guy, and I fly high Niggaz wanna know why, why I fly by But yo it's all good, Range Rover all wood Do me like you should - fuck me good, suck me good We be them stud niggaz, wishin you was niggaz Poppin like we drug dealers, sippin Cris-sy, bubb' mackin Honey in the club, me in the Benz Icy grip, tellin me to leave wit you and your friends So if shorty wanna... knock, we knockin to this And if shorty wanna... rock, we rockin to this And if shorty wanna... pop, we poppin the Crist' Shorty wanna see the ice, then I ice the wrist City talk, Nelly listen; Nelly talk, city listen When I fuck fly bitches; when I walk pay attention See the ice and the glist'; niggaz starin or they diss Honies lookin all they wish - come on boo, gimme kiss [Chorus 2X] Hey, must be the money! (4X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar Song: E.I. Typed by: mlawson@bellsouth.net * * send all corrections to this typist Uh.. uh uh uh uh Uh.. wait a minute now Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Uh, uh.. Can you hear me out there? Lunatics.. is y'all ready? Let me hear ya Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! [Nelly] I'ma sucka for corn rows and manicured toes (hey) Fendi capri pants and Parasuco's (alright) High saddity ?? city, with one or two clothes I'm draftin 'em outta high school straight into the pros Who knows? I know! And I love it when you make your knees touch your elbows And break it down low to the flo', and there you go Now throw it on me slow And everytime I +Busta Rhyme+, baby "Gimme Some Mo'" You say you like that, when I hit it from behind And I'll be right back; yeah that's my very next line I use it - time after time, when I'm speakin my mind It's no matter if I'm shootin game to a pigeon or dime I ask her, "Who dat is, talkin that shit about the 'tics?" Somebody probably jealous cause they bitch got hit But ain't nobody else droppin shit like this Should we apologize? Nah fuck 'em, just leave 'em pissed, HEY! Chorus: repeat 2X Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I. Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! What's poppin tonight? Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I. Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! If the head right, Nelly there ery'night [Nelly] We can gamble to the break of dawn, nigga Money long, nigga Pass up the skirt to talk to the thong, nigga Some say I'm wrong, but fuck it I'm grown, nigga If you ain't bout money then best be gone, nigga I'm flashy (uh) double takes when you walk past me Nasty, don't be scared boo, go 'head and ask me I drive fastly, call me Jeff Gord-on In the black SS with the naviga-tion See the joint blaz-on, somethin smells amaz-on I got a chick rollin up, half black and asi-an Another one pag-in, tellin me to come home Her husband on vacation and left her home alone I used the V-12, powers; weight loss, powers From +Phat Farm+ to +Iceberg Slim+ in one shower Get a room in Trump Towers just to hit the P hours Kicked the bitch up out the room cause she used the word ours, HEY! Chorus [Nelly] Aiyyo I smash-mouth a whole ounce, of that sticky Wash my hands under a gold spout, when feelin icky Let go off in a ho's mouth, I ain't picky Start frontin when the shows out - whatchu mean?! Twenty inches when they roll ouuuuuuut - come and get me Big faces when they fold ouuuuuuut - is you wit me? Don't make me pull that fo'-fo' ouuuuuuut I keep it closer when the dough ouuuuuuut Then I slide up in the Escalade Me and E gettin solid like the Ice Capades And me and Heezy - frosty, Roger the Rabbit and Bugsy You understand me, wrapped wrists like mummies If you compare me to your local grocery Then you'll see I got more carrots/karats than "Aisle D" More bread than "Aisle G", then bag and scan me +Sure+ like +Al B.+, meet the 'tics in Maui, HEY! Chorus [Nelly] St. Louis y'all, uh, uh Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Uh, can you feel that? Lunatics y'all, uh, uh Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Uh, uh, Uncle Phil up above y'all, uh, uh Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Yell it universal y'all, uh, uh Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Uh, uh, chillin chillin chillin with the crew y'all Chorus (to fade + ad libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Murphy Lee Album: Country Grammar Song: Thicky Thick Girl Typed by: KeL2002@bolt.com See now you could be a lady or a bitch girl Still, you're thicky thicky thicky thick Lookin like a lolli-pop waitin for the lick girl You're thicky thicky thicky thick Remind me of my 6-4 waitin at the switch girl You're thicky thicky thicky thick Could be a crime that I'm waiting to commit girl? You're thicky thicky thicky thick (Murphy Lee) So basically I'm a joke right? Look me in the eyes and tell me if you don't lie When I use that, shoes untied before you know it, method: First step we getting naked, pants gone in 20 seconds It's gettin hectic, wreck it just like a hooptie with insurance But it seems I'm behind schedule with broad troubles twistin & pullin I'm like shorty help me (come on)  Help me (please) don't blow my high, cause I'm too horny She giggles and gives a horny smile... so I take advantage Kisses in gentle places tryin to get myself established I'm comfortable, wanna be in that moe with no control Concentrating on my every lick her every blow Yep, I'm still blowed, but cooler than two below And how I got that rubber on, her ass'll never know IT'S ON, put my penis in accurate, just relax a bit Now it's my time to party like the lunatics at an after-set (Ali) Now I comes first like the front porch, in a Polo Sport shirt Skirts, there they are, gots to flirt 'cause I'm far from Average Lane with that "What's your name?" game I'm stormin on your brain like a surgeon in the rain Take the fame if you can, watch me wrap like Saran All up in these sheets, now you on me like a tan Leavin me like a van in reverse, that's the worse Playa curse put up on me now We spreadin on my homies like a germ Watch me turn into captain kill a hoe Fill a hoe strong Watch me last long like a penny broke many motels i got a rich coupon I'm doing dismounts on futons Comin out like Keyuan I'm ill like ceramic in a hammock, got damnit That's my words, ooh's and aah's slurred like a verb Showin action like an ass like a metaphor Now I'm headed for the highways  Selling me by's sideways (Nelly) I spit mo' shit off into they ears than dialtones and telephones Just to get their ass back home Come watch the Bed-rock like Flintstones But son too strong, so I smoke a sack as fat as Santa (y'know) Drive me nuts like Planters, hawkin a nigga like offalana (swish) I ban ya from the smoke house, trick, who you think you fuckin with? Trying to play me like Jim Carrey and pull some dumber and dumber shit Stomp me like a step show (grab hold) then I let go (Flows) split that ass like g-strings up on these rat hoes I pose as a threat, to hit any one of you niggas rattin Spit some game and get a bird, come watch us tag team like free bird Say the word, I be at rest with all my partners Straight loungin with a pocket full of rubbers and have it bouncin  Go make the announcment, spark more Dynamite than "Good Times" Want both girls like prime time, want real highs and thick thighs Take pride in my stabbin, headboards you be grabbin Got 'em bangin the walls so hard the neighbors callin Asking you "What happened? What's goin on over there even? Sounds like you guys are goin crazzzzzzzyy.." [Chorus] (begins over above) [Chorus] (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Lil' Wayne Album: Country Grammar Song: For My Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com, gokugz@netzero.net {*talking through megaphone*} Yo, uh, you didn't see this one comin did ya  All the way from the N.O. to S.T.L. Nelly-Nel and Lil' Wayne [Nelly] Now on the scale of one to ten, I been rated, a 12 (right!) You know this and these cats hate it I got nuttin outdated, if it is it's up-graded S-class wit everything voice-activated Chrome rim three bladed, factory custom made it Paid wit big faces; if it's broke then replace it Now it's like that; Purple Haze and Cognac On the beach in L.A. with dime bitches ridin my back [Lil' Wayne] I represent them street niggas When they get hot, carry the heat niggas Them sweet niggas off they feet niggas You livin on the edge Fleet nigga That's why my clique we do or die and roll deep nigga Ain't nothing sweet nigga, recognize the bloody clothes Ready to represent the Grove wit two calicoes I carry 4's in my side pocket While yours cock a nigga mind poppin Walk through you house wit my iron now when  Chorus: Nelly (repeat 2X) I'm doing this one for my niggaaasss Who be keepin it tight Only lovin dime bitches that fuck on the first night This is for my bitchessss Wit the style and grace  Who ain't hear nuttin talkin but the Benjamin face [Nelly] I ain't bullshittin I trick em and run up in their kitty And she ain't a nonadeada my niggas then I'm splitin Get a code-red hop in the Jag and fled Pump +Nore+ number six, "bitch give me some head" And for you niggas out there who be jacking the wrist Got a new group for ya, Nina Ross and the Clips And from the hip I shoot, if you wanna get loot Bout ta tell ya the truth  I'm more focused I'm born in the Lou' Chorus [Lil' Wayne] I ain't no busta nigga Came up out that Holly Grove dungeon nigga  Flame up and toast let it get sparkin up in here You don't make out alive very often up in here I'ma speak on behalf of the C.M.B. partna I'm a sweep off ya air if its standing beef partna I skeet off a bag of the dilly-D partna Slip me on a mask hit the Benz wit three choppers Weezy-wez partna [Nelly] Four karats in my earring, five around my knuckle  Six wrap the wrist, check the belt buckle  Leave them wit it look like Nelly I didn't know If you was the Jackie Frost why didn't you say so Somebody gotta shine my nigga why not me Even my dentist told me floss 7 days a week Freeza burnt out the piece Gucci and hat sweet Butter soft leather seats for trash talkin freaks Chorus [Nelly] I'm doing this one for my niggaaaaaaaaaasssssssss {*talking through megaphone*} Uh, uh, ha bet ya no were ready for that one hu, ha, ha  We know ya didn't see that one comin Uh, uh E.I.  Uh, uh wodie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar Song: Utha Side Typed by: BigD12873@aol.com Uhh uh-uh uhh Yeah, uhh, yo You wanna come go with me? My nigga, that ain't no problem My nigga, c'mon (chorus: repeat 2X) I said you don't really wanna go, I can tell But I'ma take you anyway - what the hell So come on get on in the ri-iide And let me take you to the other si-iide [Nelly] I said inhale exhale I heard your clientele is doin well I see you boomin out the S-T-L Pushin a five hundred S-L I heard you even got a child now (look at that) A baby momma and a bow-wow My nigga know you need to calm down F-for County run up in your house But you don't wanna hear that though, it's too late Now the feds knocking at your door, you took the bait They got taps on your mobile phone They do surveillance all around your home Now ya pawnin' everything ya own Calling on your partners for a loan No more slip and sliding on the chrome Your good days have come and gone I tried to tell you (chorus) [Nelly] Now baby girl what's your name? And tell me what's your claim to fame Oh I can tell you do your thing Just by checking out your diamond ring I see you at the mall every day Buying Chanelle, Fendi, Donna K' Plus I heard they took your job away  Ya got ya kids' shit on lay away You got a 4-5 Infinity (You livin large) Like your last name was Kennedy or El DeBarge Oh I just can't believe, that you made that money righteously The kids asking what they mommy do And why she lock us in the bedroom I think mommy getting paid to screw Cause every night it's a different dude I tried to tell (chorus) [Nelly] Little man how old are you (you can tell me) And what you doin skippin school? I see you running with your lil' crew Out here fightin over red and blue So now you wanna claim gangs Even heard you bought a thumper mayn - and that ain't it You started out with chronic on the brain Now you're smokin amphetamines I ain't tryin to sell your dreams Just trying to show you, that's it's other ways to make cream (Take it from me) Just go to school and make somethin of  tour young life and watch it blow up And you ain't gotta stop bein cool And you ain't even gotta stop flossin fancy jewels (and fast cars) Just keep it real with your game son And don't forget were you came from I'm tryin to tell ya (chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar Song: Tho Dem Wrappas Typed by: Dream_Playa@hotmail.com [Nelly] Uhh, I falls through in a Hummer, Murphy the Don, Lizzie, Keyuan With the best thunder than Sean John, you don't want none Partner, I got a rep for leavin heads swollen up  On top of all that, I got the rap sewed up Hold up, with the budda thumpin' niggaz quota And just the teach a lesson, I put one in ya shoulder I told ya, 'Tics live for the street life Eat Right, Fuck good, And reffer thru the Pipe I'm gettin head all night And if it's some beef, I pumpin lead on sight until they deceased I took ya head off right I live in the Beast Nigga, where the feds, play sheist I still floss ice, keep it tight E-very time, call me the Black Liberace when I'm playing mine That's how I flow, I gotta get mine, partna, any way it go Whether it be rapping or with the 4-4 [Chourus x2] Let's make a Million Keep it real for Triple-0 Eyes low, from plenty Henny and Hydro Fuck a bitch and some Clothes I gotta get rich, go platinum and do shows And get the Dough.... [Nelly] My nigga, I can make a million blind-folded, with no shows Using no flows, just Arm-n-Hammer and four O's  Gimmie low-do's and a connect, that neva closed And watch me lock it down from North County to BenRos Fuck some Mo-Mo's, gimme hundred spokes, all chrome On the Navigata equipped to click and log on I leave that before its gone 'Fore they even bring it home Matta Fact, I'll tell you whats in the back, its all gone Two holes in the roof, to let the sun come in Match it leather carseat, in case my son get in I spare one off in the back in case he bring his friend PlayStation just in case a nigga think he can win [Chourus x2] Let's make a Million Keep it real for Triple-0 Eyes low, from plenty Henny and Hydro Fuck a bitch and some Clothes I gotta get rich, Go platinium in 2 shows And get the Dough.... I gotta make a million Gotta get myself a million Gonna turn that into a billion If not, then I just won't die [Nelly] I say now, Tho yo wrappers off in tha air But only if the ice on your wrist cause glares I'm gettin stares from dime bitches, is he alone Where's his Mrs., 1-2-3-4-5 bottles of Cris's on the Table, arms the strong ripp off the Label No more shows for free, I'm pay-per-view like Cable They all screamin my name, different shades and race Take them all backstage and lett'em plead they case Make a million like Jigga, standin in one place Sound Scan like Thrilla with out changing my face They threw a weak plan B says who? (says Mase) Then what's plan A 'cause plan B about papes [Chourus x2] Let's make a Million Keep it real for Triple-0 Eyes low, from plenty Henny and Hydro Fuck a bitch and some Clothes I gotta get rich, Go platinium in 2 shows And get the Dough.... I gotta make a million Gotta get myself a million Gonna turn that into a billion If not, then I just won't die [Nelly] All my Midwest niggas tryin to make a mill, Tho Dem Wrappas ( And the Dough-O ) All my Dirty South niggas tryin to make a mill, Tho Dem Wrappas ( And the Dough-O ) All my West Coast niggas tryin to make a mill, Tho Dem Wrappas ( And the Dough-O ) All my East Coast niggas tryin to make a mill,  Tho Dem Wrappas ( And the Dough-O ) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Country Grammar Song: Wrap Sumden Typed by: Notorius12@aol.com [Chorus - repeat 2X] Hey this is no lie Me and my niggas gettin high Yo if you look up in the sky You might see us floating by You see Biggie be like "What's Beef?" Me I'm like what's weed?  Weed is actually a medicine for me, you know Every 4 hours like a prescription I smoke And I'm thanking my reefer chief for making me choke I'm like one of those half-baked thugs, I'm in love Then after that roll cool "J's" I mean bud Cause I still piss stems and still shit seeds,  I spit residue smoke on my way to buy weed Wrap Sumden, always I smoke more then Cheech and Chong My best friend's a bong and my homies is smokers only I know one day, I'm gone stop,  but that'll be the day when my seeds don't pop You see weed helps me get my thoughts together quick But on the other hand, as soon as I'm sober I forget Shit, I'm still stuck at point "A" ya dig,  and my momma think that I should quit Ya I get high You might see me stroll by  in the Bob Marley tie die with the red eye I'm sick now, I think I'm catching glaucoma Standing on the corner, looking for weed donors You know how we do it kid. We get that good herb and swerve Till the gas run out, the way we smokes absurd That's my word, Wrap Sumden (Wrap Sumden), make a nigga clap somthing, get all mad and slap somthing Yo grab the towels cover the smoke alarms and doors See I smoke alone, I need grass like lawn mowers Say dutch time, roll up it's clutch time, and I burn mine, don't you ever ever touch mine Fire it up dog, but watch out for 5-0 Eyes low from plenty Henny and hydro Fuck a bitch and some clothes, I gotta get rich Go platinum and do some shows, and get bloooowwwwwed  All I know, is money making hoes and smoking endo If I wasn't high I'd probably know a little more, but since I don't some might consider me slow Don't worry though I keep the pants sag. Bubble eye hands rag Eyes glassed smoking fill from the hash Choking after that but don't the blunt pass "What we doin' today" Same shit we did last week Wake up in the morning and yawn and roll up Bag up and make some runs and roll up 5-0 behind me my niggas so hold up Ok made a left so continue to roll up Don't get me wrong police, yo I stop for them,  But guaranteed when they leave I'll be smoking again Catch my second wind and start in on my next bag The type of nigga smoke on the way to his rehab Fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Country Grammar Song: Batter Up Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com [Sports personalities] Welcome ladies and gentlemen This is Mark... oh-Who-gives-a-fuck from '93 TV This is my co-host, Bob Buttafuoco (Hey hey guys) Yeah yeah yeah We got a crowd that's in a frenzy Bob Let's go down to the announcers for the start of the game [Stadium announcer] And now.. please rise for the singing of our national anthem Hook: (paraphrasing "The Jeffersons") Mmm.. I say the fish don't fry in the kitchen Beans don't burn on the grill (that's right) It took a whole lot of tah-ryin Just to get up that hill I said but now we're up in the BIG LEAGUES My dirty it's our turn at bat And just as long as we livin, it's Lunatics playa It ain't nuttin wrong with that, huh - batter up [Ali] .. I'm the first to swing Home run with that give-me-what-you-got thing, hot wings Fuck a dub, smoke an ounce, show me love Hit the club, me and T-Luv holla what I put my mack down, she throw a curve ball She owed Milli smoked that herb and some Llly-bone She tip-top 'em, Optimo First base, god livin like a worst race First chase, throw yo' people and yo' kind Second lesson, smoke that herb and clear yo' mind It's about time, second base wisdom rhyme Sittin strong, skipped third base and headed home Third baseman just don't understand baby what the bong What the fuck wrong, with this world today With these girls today, diamonds and pearls the way You wasn't fuckin with me, leave, for the wrap that's in my seed Now you stays on yo knees cause we's be in the big league Cause we's be in the big leauge Hook [Nelly] Well you should see me now, I'm eatin Wheaties now I'm stealin second and third and lookin home peepin greedy now See me now, people call me speedy now Known for runnin the quickest miles hit and run in any town, any ground Rules 'fore I hit it, split it, lick it and quit it And hit it, lick it, did I say lick it, (yeah) fuck it, lick it Ain't no shame in my game, that normal shit ain't my thang If I think with my dick then put your mouth on my brain I maintain through the atmosphere, what we got here A sucka in fear, hear the roars and the cheers From the crowd when I take the mile, let me show 'em how Hit the ball on the ground and make 'em get down Hook [Sports personalities] Well uhh this next young batter on deck He's still in high school (yeah I heard that) (It's a great day though)  A good high school out in U-City of St. Louis, Missouri (I think his name's umm, who knows..  Mur-uhh, Murphey Lee or somethin) [Murphey Lee] I want my name not, not said but screamed I went from fantasies to dreams, dreams to bigger things I'm like Bennett I been in it since, ninety-three You can tell cause my L angle 90 degrees I'ma sixteen year-old school boy, platinum skills Swear to tell the real, the whole real to make a mill' I lie little but still, talk straight up like motto I could tell you somethin now, you think twice about it tomorrow I promise, I gets deeper than file cabinets when rappin Money, money, money, money what's happenin I'm comin up like family members in basements, and I stay bent Make a milli to play with, buy a building you can pay me And the 'tic is who I came with You know how we do, we do, we do, we do, we do, we do Hook [Sports personalities ad libbing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ The Teamsters Album: Country Grammar Song: Never Let 'Em C U Sweat Typed by: Webmaster@Vybin.Com Yeah Gangsta What That Gangsta Yeah That Gangsta on the tips E.I [The Teamsters] I was forced to live the crazy life Y'all niggas don't understand what a day be like But a son know my Pop's didn't raise me right When Hennedy don't pay me right No Baby wipes Keep the 3-80 tight The Mercedes dyke On a shady night Y'all niggas is lady like Blow for niggas that'll watch your arm Run in your crib pop your Mom Like bitch with stocks and bonds In the studio a thug wanna lock your calm Tell a nigga I'm like flex I drop the bomb You come to war with a switch blade Get laid Nigga Imma spit the gauge at your rib cage We thugged out Y'all niggas is bitch made You pick Jay they North white the shit grade Yor cousin looks mad ready to let the clips spray Out of a week I stay in a lab for 6 days Hook (x2) I run my right guard incase my shot ain't handy Speed stickin' me and mine I turn it up a degree Your secrets still kept Never let em see you sweat [Teamsters] I'm second to none nigga Yo I'm lettin my gun Pull this trigger shit off the window Through the head of your son I've been runnin' like 20 miles I ain't sweatin' for fun Yo it's hard to be a team when the second is one Cause I follow very Wanna wife like Halle Berry Yeah I ain't tryna be locked up under consolitary Like it don't stop Nigga I stop for food How you gonna pop a nigga that pop for you Hushed out in the drop top Aqua blue Get the bitch screamin' "Please, Please, not my boo" My revolver shook like I deal with smart crook You know the name Switch up the game like Garth Brooks Like ten cars with tire, hoes and and winstars I been hard through hell better sing God Diminish, I'm a bull dog, breathing British You ain't site cause your night show is all about your image Hook (x2) [Nelly] What I've seen on the bricks of the little front At colorses, check the ash tray that hold the blunts We hustling, I do the push ups and the sit ups nigga Get muscular, just in case you let your lips slip up I'm bustin ya, never let em see you sweat Yeah that's my motto, catch em in the club get wrecked With the bottle, the silencer behind his neck The others follow Show them you ain't bullshittin and you ain't hollow I saw you talkin' to that chick up over there I heard you ask her why she on my dick, yeah, yeah I heard it all before ya dig Next thing you tellin me Nelly  I put that on my fuckin kid What you think this is I'm the reason they invented the whole navigational system So niggas can't find they trucks and they women when I'm with em Like I catch em in linen And then I flip em and run up in em Send her back to him And go to his house and blow him with her Hook Never let em see you sweat Never let em see you sweat Never let em  Never let em To to play this hit out nigga How nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Country Grammar Song: Luven Me Typed by: LilWayn226@aol.com Ay yo ma, how you doin, it's ya son now And I picked up the mic and put the drugs down Now I'm tryin to do some things that'll make you proud Instead of everytime I call it's to bail me out Oh why didn't I listen to things you used to tell me Knowin that everything that you said would never fail me Like 'they got plans for ya Ain't nothin I can do when them laws get they hands on ya' But I ain't listenin, even payin attention I'm just tryna get mine Takin advantage, you would get two jobs at the same time Ungrateful, complainin about Nike and Polo signs But you always come through, and what do I do I wreck both ya cars, stole money from ya drawers Sold dope out ya yard, stayed into with them laws Tryin to pay you back for all the stress that I caused And always be there to give you whatever you want (Hook) (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, I said whatever you need (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, I said you don't have to worry no more (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, uh, 'cause ya son will be there for you (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, uh Now verse two, yeah that's for you boo I send ya props 'cause you the only one that stuck through When I'm upset and stressed you give me back rubs When I'm depressed you give me head off in the bathtub, E-I! On ya P's and Q's, on ya Q's and P's You hear my beeper goin off and you just throw me my keys Ain't even askin me yo is it coochie or G's And for that reason now you can ask me for anything Not a for real smoker but you choke with me Not too hot about the drinkin but you toast with me Livin at ya granny house you kept the dope for me And wouldn't hesitate to go to court for me Need money, my boo'll go and work the avenue My boo'll fuck you up if I ask her to That's why I do the things I do And I will always be there to give you whatever you want (Hook) (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, I said whatever you need (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, I said I don't wanna lose you no (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, uh, 'cause you're my boo and my only one (Don't stop ever lovin me) Uh, uh, uh I'm doin this one here for Shaun Haynes, Lashando and J.D. D Quick, Boo Gees and Fatty My nigga Lil' Erv, Gino and Poochie and everybody over on Euclid and Labade Young Big Touch, Pooh and Big Baby Rio, J.T. and Big Money Herky Jerk, Wezz and Pea and Cody J.E., K-Ug and Odie Toe-Fa, M.J., and Cowlby And all my soldiers down at Fair Ground on Monday My Lunatic fam, Keyuan, Murphy Lee City Spud, T-Love and Big Lee Yellow Mack, Slow Down, Courtney B The rest of my niggas up in the N.Y.C. And without Trail, Cooter and Coach it just wouldn't be And I will always be there to give you whatever you want (Don't stop ever lovin me) I said whatever you need (Don't stop ever lovin me) 'Cause y'all my niggas for life you know (Don't stop ever lovin me) You can always smoke with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: St. Lunatics EP Song: Who's the Boss? Typed by: Detreceiver2g@aol.com Chorus (all): repeat 2X Now who that is talkin' that about the Tics? Somebody probably jealous cuz they got hit But ain't nobody else droppin' hits like this Should we apologize? Naw never, just leave 'em (Lil' T) I'm like what's up doggie? Lemme introduce my clique and I Lunatics, I'm Lil' T rollin' ninety miles per hour You ain't know me but now you do Represent the, C-I-T-Y of Saint Lue M-I zzou You think you right for doin' wrong Phone up flamin' like hemorroids Talk on CD's boy Police will have you noid Just avoid and ill too legal And my peoples I'm the boss and that's the way it's gone be (Nelly) Now they play Nelly like I was, nobody Now she all on my team cuz she heard I rock parties Smoke more Ladi than Dadi In the center like Jihadi Your salty conversations about me and my relations I done had, made man A gang of baby Dads Why you whinin' like you G.D.? C.C. I think it's in me Jealous cuz when they come to hit, 'tics get many cuz I'm the boss and this the way it's gone be Chorus (???) Now these Mac's wanna hear 'em for mackin' on slim Kim Mad because she pay down, she bought me a gang of Tims Have me sparky like Simpsons, hit them, bent them What about the whole night? Oh, nights? Never spent them U.P.S. shipped them D-two sent it From here and til' on it, everything copastetic One-oh-five gone bump it, Lunatics bumpin' like a drummer cuz I'm the boss and this is the way it's gone be (???) Apologize for what? What you seen and what you saw? Now my name starts your sentence, you'z a hater by law I'm by far tighter than training bras on Dolly Parton You think your girl don't like us? You'z a joke like Steve Martin I've been pardoned for sayin' Lunatics no competition I lay tracks like a beautician while your gal's on a mission While you trippin', pink-slippin', it's your gal I be pimpin' cuz I'm the boss and this is how it's gone be (City Spud) Now tell me why everybody wanna watch me now? And the, fly honeys wanna rock me now And them playin' hatin' fellas tryin' to hunt me down But they always on my jock when I come around I hit the spot and keeps it hot when I lays it down I see alot of ladies, tell Mary-Go-Round Droppin' hits like this, so you can pay me now And uh I'm the boss and this is how it's gone be Chorus (Nelly) Day-o, Day-o Lunatics gone blow So don't look any further Day-o, Day-o Lunatics gone blow So don't look any further, further Chorus (Nelly) Day-o, Day-o Lunatics gone blow So don't look any further Day-o, Day-o Lunatics gone blow So don't look any further, further The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: St. Lunatics EP Song: Gimme What You Got (Remix) Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Ali) I'm on my way to my show, uh, shirt Polo Gortex figaro, jeans Hilfiger though Starched up, hit the Amaco Bought a Philly, sparked up Lunatics'll blow the park up Ooh this herb, got me geekin like a nerd F what you heard, federal roll like a bird You were, actin funny when you first saw me Now, I'm makin jams have you bein like "go Lee" Hell nah trick, I'm picky now I'm spiffy now, smoke sticky now Hit the door at the club Yella, Grip and Luv Met me with a dub, was it fire playa, what Straight to the bar, got a Henny and Coke Ain't been in five minutes, rats sendin me notes Could it be the way I get down, the way I throw down I don't know, but it's one thing I know for sure (Hook-Ali) Some a y'all been tryin to write rhymes for years And we got dibs, irritatin my ears Is this the best that you can make? But if not, then you got more, I'll wait But don't make me wait too long 'cause I'm a move on the dance floor Where they put somethin smooth on Turn up the bass, it's better when it's loud 'Cause I like to rule the crowd (Ali) Like my homie Joe Day, burgandy six-tre I'm lookin sporty, you fools know me No way, am I goin out like a buster Once I'm in last long like a wrestler Givin out degrees for that P.H. Raised on the N-O-R-T-H side of this biiaatch ??? real soon, uh Like soon as you hear it put that blunt out, break and leave the room Get your own pop, piece to doom (?) Bulletproof and pop, my hit gon' baloon Position is assumed, I'm the Tic, the Tune Leavin 'em all like a typhoon, ghetto tycoon Cats waste ink, they don't take time to think Actin hard like they shit don't stink Knowin they stench like the rink True color be pink, rinky dink Big Lee need a spliff 'cause I'm startin to think, that... (Hook) (Nelly) See I rockin in my spare time, unwind and grind fools like coffee Softly is how I speak to them punks who come actin salty Then Ali, I let this thing go (booyaah!), back on the farm I heard you was on my tail now you yellin "Nelly, you lost 'em" Fool, my click is off the hook like O.J. Fool, there ain't no way, that we could ever be deep in four-play Run and ask your lady Smokin hay-hay-haaay I bust a rhyme, and I line all them draws, my sign for all a y'all Be that F on the top of skyscrapers, my lyrics rape ya Tape your mouth like a hostage, you be talkin garbage Makin my stomach nauseous with that shhh that, ah Tryna' compare your click to mine, you need to hide and catch up ??? Duff know I'm a liar, makin you fools transpire To sweatshirts like Champion attire, so why you try-ah Lunatic for hirrrrrrre, haha, I'm startin to think that... (Hook) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics f/ ELL Album: St. Lunatics EP Song: Platinum+ Typed by: xxuewpaamxx@aol.com Uh, yo Everytime we drop a rhyme Uh, uh-huh, yeah, uh It's like this (City Spud) Now, now everything I drop yo it's platinum plus That's why everybody tryna hate on us I keep the, fly hunnies in the mood to You gotta, prove to us you can groove with us And make ya, move with us it'd be the best thing for ya Got, smoothest tats keep it natural like quarter water Move with us stay all up in your garments Pop's stayin' at it while you savin' up your quarters In order to rock a party yo you gotta keep it live Yella they got me, got me, 55 Curvin' off that herb and you can see it in my eyes Lunatics get down and we can rock it all night (And that's for real) (Yo, uh, yo) (Chorus 2X: City Spud) Check the rhyme y'all (rhyme y'all) We got it hap'nin Got the whole crowd movin' from the hit that's platinum If ya, think not you better beg the gig Cuz my whole crew behind me one-hundred percent (St. Lunatics!) (ELL} Now cain't nobody get as live as we Just to be the best is what we strive to be Open your eyes and see, the way the rookies Be invadin' our privacy, man they be ridin' D's Like a drop top six with the flyest diesel While you thinkin' like a G I'm thinkin millions Add on like a buildin', stand high on streets Hold on to some 98, paid for keys, cats please I've been, like, three wheel leavin' E's Bees sworm like bees, 'til the haters be my enemy You ain't sellin' me; to eat me; and fettle bees Repeatedly repeatin' me (repeat me) To beat me, they see me Mad cuz they cain't beat me, nor see me Mad cuz my ride got rims, and a TV I'm ruthless like Eazy, but huggable like Teddy Rugsben I'm not as strict so you'll never ever ever put my bugs in Your pocket; I mow you, I don't owe you Swiney stole you in your eye socket Maggot and Da Lie Rocket And no matter what to top it, you ask me what's up? I say the star and the moon who will be home soon (Chorus) (Lil' T) St. Lunatics emit like Voltron we way beyond your level Cover the platinum hits cuz ghetto my problem's a little But 'til then, St. Lunatics Entertainment (D2!!!) State studios paggin' pins make a million Be Rumpel like Stiltsken (you gotta feel that) If not, just be my rap like album I hit it back Lunatics got my back like murders and Malcolm X All you haters relax, every kickin' light stat (Nelly) Thinkin' about somethin' nauseous with that shhh straight up Muh-muha-muha-my side for all y'all Thinkin' about somethin' nauseous with that shhh straight up Be-beha-beha-behabeha-be that L Thinkin' about somethin' nauseous with that shhh straight up Muh-muha-muha-my side for all y'all Thinkin' about somethin' nauseous with that sh-sh-sh-shshhh Be that L be-beha-be that L (Chorus) Yo Check the rhyme y'all Check the rhyme y'all Yo what's that y'all? Keep it live y'all Make it real loud y'all Check the rhyme y'all Things like that y'all Keep it live y'all Jay E y'all Jay E y'all I'm on the tracks y'all Lunatics y'all Gimme that fetch y'all D2 y'all Non-Asia Non-Asia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: St. Lunatics EP Song: Platinum+ (Remix) Typed by: XxuewpaamxX@aol.com (ad libbing) (City Spud) Now everything I drop yo it's platinum plus That's why everybody tryna hate on us I keep the, fly hunnies in the mood to You gotta, prove to us you can groove with us And make ya, move with us it'd be the best thing for ya Got the, smoothest tats keep it natural like quarter water Cruise with us stay all up in your garments Pop's stayin' at it while you savin' up your quarters In order to rock a party yo you gotta keep it live Yella they got me, so I'm mean; flip side Curvin' off that herb and you can see it in my eyes Lunatics get down and we can rock it all night And that's for real yo Check the rhyme (Chorus 2X: City Spud) Check the rhyme y'all! (rhyme y'all!) We got it hap'nin! Got the whole crowd movin' from the hit that's platinum! If ya, think not you better beg the gig! Cuz my whole crew behind me one-hundred percent! (ELL) Yo, uh, uh.. Now cain't no one get as live as we Just to be the best is what we strive to be Open your eyes and see, the way the groupies Be invadin' our privacy (MAN THEY BE RIDIN' D'S!!!) Like a drop top six with the flyest diesel While you thinkin' like a G I'm thinkin millions Add on like a buildin', stand high on streets Hold on to some 98, paid for keys, cats please I've been, like, three wheel leavin' E's Bees sworm like bees, 'til the haters be my enemy You ain't sellin' me; to eat me; and fettle bees Repeatedly repeatin' me (repeat me) To beat me, they see me Mad cuz they cain't beat me, nor see me Mad cuz my ride got rims, and a TV I'm ruthless like Eazy, but huggable like Teddy Rugsben I'm not as strict so you'll never ever ever put my bugs in Your pocket; I mow you, I don't owe you That's why I stole you in your eye socket Aw, Maggot; Da Lie Rocket And no matter what to top it, you ask me what's up? I say the star, and the moon, who will be home soon (Chorus) (Lil' T) Heheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheheh St. Lunatics emit like Voltron; way beyond your level Cover the platinum hits to settle my problems a little But 'til then, St. Lunatics just simmin' State studios paggin' pins make a million Be Rumpel like Stiltsken (you gotta feel that) If not, just be my rap like album I hit it back Lunatics got my back like murders and Malcolm X All you haters relax, every kickin' light stat (Chorus) Yo Check the rhyme y'all Check the rhyme y'all Yo what's that y'all? Keep it live y'all Make it real loud y'all Check the rhyme y'all Things like that y'all Keep it live y'all Jay E y'all Jay E y'all I'm on the tracks y'all Lunatics y'all Gimme that fetch y'all D2 y'all Non-Asia Non-Asia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: St. Lunatics EP Song: Sticky Now Typed by: Kingjay316@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist (Scratching) 4x Smoke smoke smoke Smoke smoke smoke Smoke smoke smoke sticky now (City Spud) Now for real I be the break 'em off Ho hopper, trick knocker Nobody does it like we do we's proper Biggie like Papa when I dropper Lying on that ass now we fucking till the beat don't stopper Could it be I move too smooth? Grooves that will make the whole party move Spots I keep them hot so honies be out to trot Yo I got this game on lock when I pull up on the lot (Hook  City Spud) So watch me now Niggas wonder how I'm spiffy now So the bitches pick me now See watch me now Niggas wonder how I'm spiffy now So the bitches pick me now Tell them watch me now Niggas wonder how I'm picky now Smoke sticky now Tell them watch me now Niggas wonder how I'm spiffy now Bitches pick me now (City Spud) Now everyone wanna try and stop this dude Pop this dude, drop this dude Try to top this dude, plus test my crew Watch me drop a jewel while they jock this dude But why every time I around we's cool? Watch them act a fool When I leave swiftly, sixty when I cruise My dues been paid Rats been laid Many gats been sprayed Plus tracks been made like yellow dude face See me through your shades, blow up like grenades Try to fade this team, you know what that mean Head full of dreams Go on watch us hit the seams with this million dollar team Shining like rings Taking over everything with this lyrical scheme We be like fiends when it comes to the money Be are end for hur-tin-in' (Hook) (Murphy Lee) I keep's it going on and on Little T I like's to rock shit Keep that head pop shit Keep on making profits What you know about this? Nothing at all, cause my shits gall like these hos on my balls I be that "Hit 'em once see you later" I holler No need to bother little Torii about a dollar Ask Ali Baba and he'll tell y'all "A po's office ho about to get you for your L dawg" Tell those low-down dirty gold diggers Torii "Murphy Lee" ain't your average rich nigga Saint Louis representer and I remember Hos can give a fuck about my beater in December But now it's a holiday and follow me Up North like Hollany Booty call like Bellamy Nag, what you telling me? Now it's all-good You's a star spelled backwards Go on back to your hood (Nelly) Now it goes hos and niggas, sit back and relax Fri. and Sat. Pay attention while as I drop this shit on y'ass Thinking I wanna smoke a blunt Got them ??? on their knees You cats that wanna be down you just get ready for your lead Now I know niggas trying to say that Lunatics East Coast Cause my lyrics boasts with flavor but fool I'm just your neighbor One of Saint Louis' finest, just keep a cover like Linus Stop your ass like sinus, congestion 'till you learn your lesson Confessin' in a danker cruiser supposedly with no future Mammas call me a loser Huh, but watch me prove I can Buckeye like Ohio Keeping Pace like Orlando I'm running out from the 5 O's cause all I herr is "Book 'em Dano" Practice cause I can't be touched, I'm just too much I'm packed like lunch with more skills than such and such I'm plus, never a minus, bumping Johnny Unitas Out that Hall of Fame Lyrics ride tracks better than trains Coming flier than planes, crossing niggas like lanes Backstabbing, but peep out my game as I explain Everybody shake your hand ain't your partner fool Just because I give you dapper that don't mean we cool Clearer than ice water See your whole plans to shake me up Let up before I wet up your whole fucking getup Spit up a lung you'd got that wind knocked out Who get the clout? Ain't no doubt Lunatics run the house (Hook) (Scratching) Smoke smoke smoke sticky now (City Spud) So watch me now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: St. Lunatics EP Song: Gimme What You Got Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Ali) I'm on my way to my show, uh, shirt Polo Gortex figaro, jeans Hilfiger though Starched up, hit the Amaco Bought a Philly, sparked up Lunatics'll blow the park up Ooh this herb, got me geekin like a nerd F what you heard, federal roll like a bird You were, actin funny when you first saw me Now, I'm makin jams have you bein like "go Lee" Hell nah trick, I'm picky now I'm spiffy now, smoke sticky now Hit the door at the club yellin "grip and love" Met me with a dub (was it fire playa?), what Straight to the bar, got a Henny and Coke Ain't been in five minutes, rats sendin me notes Could it be the way I get down, the way I throw down I don't know, but it's one thing I know for sure (Murphy Lee) With the scenery of St. Louie, we can't be touched M-I-S, show your rifle, we just too much We crossed the bridge, you tripped, uh oh, this ain't alarm Once hear sounds, get down, hope you Lucky like Charms Lunatics will explode, OK, call me the Rigga Representer, St. Louis figures, chronic hitters So what's up? Let me introduce my click and I Lunatics, I'm little T rollin ninety miles an hour (Hook) And you say St. Louis City, c'mon, uh (Gimme what you got, gimme what you got) And you say St. Louis City (Gimme what you got, gimme what you got) (Keyuan) You wild boy, you need to change your whole style boy Your team will never be the same like Jimmy Johnson's Cowboys What you gonna try for? You guilty of bein wack If ??? Louis was your cousin I wouldn't put you on my track Get some lyrical jack, you know, Neal like Shaq Now where we at, so when you try that, Lunatics got my back It's a fact, you see a blunt you supposed to match It's a fact, Lunatics gon' put St. Lou on the map I put St. Lou on my cap, and it's obvious see Keyuan's true when he rap, is you mad at that? A handsome man, 'cause all the rats that I flash Be havin some matches, spark it, put yourself in trap Got 'cha (City Spud) Want some, get some 'Cause everybody on my team could give some You know my squad, rip ya girl if ya thorough son From the clit, what, with the gun son Work it down, freak it any way you want son, uh Is he really real with the skill son, uh Did he make a mil with the skill son, uh Gotta make 'em dance in this here son, yeah (Hook) (Nelly) In my spare time unwind and grind fools like coffee Softly is how I speak to them punks who come actin salty Then Ali, I let this thing go (booyaah!), back on the farm I heard you was on my tail now you yellin "nelly, you lost 'em" Fool, my click is off the hook like O.J. Fool, there ain't no way, that we could ever be deep in four-play Run and ask your lady Smokin hay-hay-haaay I bust a rhyme, and I line all them draws, my sign for all a y'all Be that F on the top of skyscrapers, my lyrics rape ya Tape your mouth like a hostage, you be talkin garbage Makin my stomach nauseous with that shhh that, ah Tryna' compare your click to mine, you need to hide and catch up ??? Duff know I'm a liar, makin you fools transpire To sweatshirts like Champion attire, so why you try-ah Lunatic for hirrrrrrre (hahahahaha) (Hook) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (St. Lunatics f/) Amber Tabares Album: Free City Song: Just For You (The Introductory Poem) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Amber Tabares] You came to the appointment, a little tiny space Candles lit, and burning incense We chilled on the futon smoking ganja 'til dawn Hmm, me and you, I'm feelin the vibes - baby it's on You showin yo' mind, I'm showin you mine We discussin supreme mathematics and takin our time Reading me with your third eye Baby no worry, I'm an educated dime See you touchin me, and I'm diggin it actin shy Full of smiles, we can't help it, but why? Through our eye contact our mindsets intensify Fantasizing what's under that Vokal and you between my thighs See, you want studio time, in and outta town doin shows I'm studying to be a doctor for a future, who knows? Listening to Dead Prez rap about "Gettin Free" and becoming intellectually wealthy Me and you discussing how to eat healthy All this seems to be a dream This young intelligent talented king sittin next to me Caressing my mouth with his lips Timing's right; oooh, I'm diggin this friendship By the way Boo, whatever you do Keep it St. Louis Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: S.T.L. Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Nelly talking) Check, check, check, yo, we here M-I-S-S-O-U-R-I (The best out there dirty) For sure, we gon' hold that down for St. Louis no doubt My nigga Kyjuan gon' kick this shit out right here, we the Lunatics, no doubt We gon'...., they wildin, they don't know (Kyjuan) Ay yo St. Louis is small but we still do it all We hit the mall, we drink it all, we always gon' smoke it all Get hit, we shake it off, at the club yellin "take it off" My success is takin off, I'm always workin, never takin off I done that, did that, who her? I dont hit that Cats be trippin off them rats, I ain't really with that Makes me wanna sit back, I relax and think back To when I used to click-clack, makes me angry when I flash back Mo, you should get back, I mean this, hang with the meanest Remain the cleanest, always smoke the seedless greenest You've seen this like reruns, pop-a-lock like reruns St. Louis where we from, you ain't never heard a weak one (Ali) You got to stand up and get it together, roll with the punches, whatever Get in our way, destroy ya, make you wish you had never, ever Fucked with the real crazy, pyscho sick move the lady Sunnin so nut and shady, kid pass me the three-eighty By my sack, cock and load it, this world I'm a rock and roll it My business, you shouldn't a told it, to end I'm a forty-four They switch guns and they go for show it, your pupils is dialating This rap is so beautiful watch The Source give it higher ratings The 'tics j-just can't be faded, to nothin that's star related More than just duplicated, Kenjuana's to celebrated Got damnit we finally made it, haters they gotta hate it Bought my house off and finally paid it, often intoxicated Just call me the Don-dotta, original rider, rider Your mama just gotta, gotta, take her home and here "splatter, splatter" Splatter, splatter, I'm from St. Louuuuuuuiiiiiie (Chorus - St. Lunatics) 2x S-T-L is where we stay, in the middle, no coast Lyrics boastin with flight, what up hoe, I'm just your neighbor, what up St. Louis' finest, keep a cover like Linus Stop your ass up like sinus, congest ya 'til you learn your lesson, we blessin (Murphy Lee) Now you can find Murphy in a Jag, on a commercial When at home in St. Louis, yo I's a *walkin* like Herschell I be like (oh, oh, oh) Wit' a pocket full of bus tickets, lookin at booties thinkin I must hit it (EI!) Why must I live like that, what you expect? Young dude done paid bills with them advancement checks Honeys screamin they want more than sex, I'm like "why me?" Find out it don't even take that Lex to like me I be the young dude, Mr. drop a top a bubble Benny whipper (What else nigga?) A weed head slash Henny sipper No I'm not ballin I'm tryna' get it how I live and how I live is how I get that shit I'm like nine-nine-nine-na-nine-nine-na-nine short of a mil ticket! (Chachi'll take it) and say that Bill did it But I'm a be real for real and deal wit' it And get mine in the summertime like Will did (Nelly) What you thought I was gonna do, bitch and scream, fuck my dreams? Walk off the team like Rodman? Move the scene, nigga what you mean, not now playa I'm swabbin I put four silver dollars up on a white castle out in Cochran Get them things out and cock 'em, anything bubble I'm poppin Anything stumble, I'm droppin, whatever you rollin, I'm toppin And it's fully loaded, I'm coppin, wheww No more slang rocks, I rock rocks, you duck cops, I cop drops You buy cock, I buy stock, touch mine, you are not I'm Rocafella with *hard knocks*, dome shots 'til I get popped Used to ball on the blacktop now I balls on hardwood With enough finance stability to finance a small hood Call it Nellyville nigga, and guess who the mayor My whole towns chronic'd out so we drug awurr I'm playin truth or dare with dime pieces, and they nieces Showin me there's more than one way that they can eat a Reeses Can I repeat this, man, you niggas need to see this (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics  Album: Free City  Song: Okay  Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com  (Ali)  St. Lunatics and we here now, we never give up  Swallowin Cris' 'til we spit up, put your shit up 'cause now  We navigatin, wood grain, hood slang, collaboratin  God over satan, no debatin, so I'm celebratin  This new life, off the block buyin stock  Divin off the dock in Bangkok, I used to slang rock  And it was so hard, but now the wallet sport a gold card  Bitches goin nuts when the rims hit the boulevard  Hustle hard, the whole inside glowin  From the T.V.s, diamonds went from hard to see to 3-d  Double VD, bubble Lex with the CD  Puffin seaweed, I'm free, hit the slope and ski  DC to France, finance is too advanced  Wit' plans to 'cause a trance, money stands yellin "romance!"  I never stop comin, gunnin, runnin and sunnin  With Cuda spinnin them hun'neds on hun'neds spinnin and blunted  (Chorus - Ali) 2x  I'm like okaaaay, niggas brought they cars out  Thick broads out, all the stars out  We ain't been here two minutes, mami already yellin  "What a nigga gon' do with it, can we hop in the Infinite?"  (Murphy Lee)  Five deep in a Yuko', we struggle by toes, we still ghetto  Float St. Louis, fake insurance, with no petro  Nuts are heavy, Teddy Peddy tell 'em to let go  'Tics are ready, Kevin Law tell 'em I said so  I let go, sixteen out of sixty-four  And the forty-eight bars left'll have you keekin for mo'  Women be like "who do y'all think y'all are?"  I'm Mr. pull up in big trucks, I'm far from a star  'Cause I'm the sun, the reason why the day gon' come  One out of five reasons why they hatin on us  Tracks is like a gas tank, I fill 'em on up  And my shows is robbery style, they givin it up  I'm like a Michael Jackson concert, a milli' and up  And these haters are like a comedy, be buggin me up  They women treat me like cows, they be pullin my stuff  And to get that up outta me more, they be suckin me off  (Chorus)  (Kyjuan)  Now you know Mo, I stay equipped with a zip  And the soles of my Air Force One's on e'ry trip  And on e'ry whip I choose those D's to roll  (What them niggas 'round the corner gon' start shit for?)  When they know, oh, he keep a stash in the Nav'  Pop a half and take out your Ave. on my behalf  My whole staff love to laugh and count the money  On the couch, hands in our pants like Al Bundy  I love smoke ganj, Monday to Monday  And e'ry other day a nigga fuckin with gun play  It's ok, since all the dogs out  All my broads out, gon' and bought the bar out And we rollin, Henny holdin and blunt rollin  Money foldin, been in more rings than Hulk Hogan  It's official, Nelly Hummer clean as a whistle  You boys signed to Fo' Reel, you doin your thug thizzle  (Chorus)  I'm like okaaaay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City * Song: Summer in the City Typed by: ice_man504@yahoo.com * appears on "Original Kings of Comedy" AND "Osmosis Jones" soundtrack [Chorus: repeat 2X] I am the king of this city, top down windows up  Puffin like Diddy  Ridin cause the haters face mad, teeth gritty  Honk your horn twice if the missies lookin pretty [Nelly] Well if you run wit your niggas, then I walk with my killas Mo' you will never have a winning hand as long as I'm the dealer What you feelin (uh) you sure you want some Brought my slums, cats play like rums Money in large sums, navigators and guns Baby mamas wit sons Ain't afraid to let you have it  If you trip with their loved ones (you tripled your fare)  What I hear most is no, no  You best get on your mark, get set, go, go Like Jagged Edge I leave ya more Def than So So type of person to come to your show and sit in the front row Get your hands out my pocket You don't want just blow, blow The only bird I get wit more is the doe-doe  They be like oh, oh It's what they screamin from the back Hey timber, is when I hit 'em wit the axe Put ya gun away And you might live to see another day Come in head, run and done, bustin like andele [Chorus] - 2X And so now you got a Range? (boy I been had wheels) Aiyyo you think you gotta little change  (yeah my dirties love me truly) I remember you use to shoot that thang  (ya I never knew you) Ya used to claim gangs (uh-huh) [Kyjuan] Yo, when I rock Vokal its either Timb's or Nikes  When I step in my Prada I'ma rock the ice When the 'Tics do a show I'ma rock the mic Born in "New Jack City" like Wesley Snipes Drive a SS M.C with racing stripes Runinn two P's of L.G, flip it twice Hang round with cats who bust and they don't think twice Nothing but dome shots no coming back twice All I knew was hustling and rolling the dice Scraping up dimes for whole-orders of China Men Rice Now I sacrificed my life for publishing rights Hoping everything gonna be aight [Murphy Lee] St. Lunatics at the Superbowl Top row gettin super blowed Rams on the 24 second down two to go Now we in the Louis tho It's two below hundred degrees I'm drivin about 103 With a S.T.L hat on Top down holdin a blunt You know I'm smokin wit the windows up I be the young dude Chief into kung-fu, with sun-do Come through, Beenie Man you don't really want to How come you, think you can  I'm from the city where the muddy Mississippi might sink you man I'm getting brains in the Range With the brains blown out With TV's, the wood grain and them thangs rolled out [Chorus] - 2X [Big Lee (Ali)] It's like a hot day in July Just bangin when I fool guys It's the credible, edible, federal when I'm high On the hills on the lane 64 Chevy the brains Blown, gone, spread foam, wood, and chrome How you doin mama my name is Lee  I be the fabulous M.C you heard of St. Lunatics word up I'm like "OK", all the sun out Ice down but I still pull a gun out Feel that, bow down It's real rap, verbally peelin cats as I stomp them out Turf shake 16 bars of earthquake If I do the whole song boom {*booming sound*} it's Vietnam You see it wrong, so I'ma gone leave you alone Put my mind back on, who I'ma bone and take home  Got mine, get cha own - grab a cell call Big Tone Need some Air Max cuz dem boys bobbin like stone, and a...  [Chorus] - 2X [Cedric the Entertainer] Ya ready for this, it's Ced let-me-entertain-ya Wassup, representing on wax  Talkin on record like P-Diddy I'm just here hollaring for The Kings of Comedy You know too sharp Steve Harvey, Bernie B. Mac Keepin it on the D.L Hugley [Chorus till end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Boom D Boom Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Ali) Check Me and Sonny in the Escalade, TV where yo' head lay Uptown, Harlem World, seein Sugar J With some bran-bran, got a jaw hit he double down Hun'ned G's for the suit, the hood like "oh man" Bendin corna's, twenty-two's, no dubbin, (crrrrrrrrrrrr) That's what you hear 'cause that shit be rubbin I gotta fix that, ooh, damn, who is that? Dark skin, five-ten, twist, and kinda thick Pull this bitch over, so I can do what I do Get digits, call later, and teach you about you Mami giggle and smile, said she diggin my style Country boy, rugged for life, never come off foul Ahhh, put you on a team with me First class to the Bahamas, the scenery When I walked off, she called me back on the scene Like "who the St. Lunatics and what them double 'Bs' mean?" (Chorus) The double 'B' stands for the, chhhchhh, boom da boom Lunatics and basement beats, catch ya shakin the room So what, what, bomp, bomp What, what, this shit bomp The double 'B' stands for the, chhhchhh, boom da boom Lunatics and basement beats, catch ya shakin the room So what, what, bomp, bomp What, what, this shit bomp I got a size double D waitin at the double tree for me Ecstasy pills, Crissy and them Swisher Sweets With enough dough, to make a cake from scratch We the best, do the knowledge niggas, face the facts (I said that) Draped in black in the back, with that, thing that go, chhchh-pat Indeed, truck so big we gotta pull over to pass the weed, it's a tragedy How my neck, shine in the moonlight Give me one chance to show that ass what ya man ain't doin right It's a hundred percent chance mami, what Leave with me I'm in them pants mami Cotton soft, put it in first and jetted off Pumpin it loud so she can hear Jay-E floss While we got it warm, bitches is startin to swarm Lunatic be the chain, double 'B' be the charm (Chorus) Took a limo to the airport, got a show down south Club one-twelve, showin 'em what that L about Holla at my nigga Ray-Ray Drop the top in four, hit the switch, we bumpin "Dre Day" Hey, hey, hey, what can I say? Hit the liquor store for blunts, gin and O.J. 'Cause I just bought a half, Chico dropped it off It's sunny, bitches out, and I'm dyin to floss, you don't say Ain't a damn thing that I won't buy I don't lie, money to the sky, shop 'til I die 'Cause you know I got the greenery Five G's in the mall ain't a thing to me I do that, in a minute, gave my wife the Infinite Dubbed it up, fuck ballin, nigga, I'm winnin the pennet Now that we in it, you know that we gon' do it for sure Before we go let me tell you one thing that you should know (Chorus) The double 'B' stands for the, chhhchhh, boom da boom The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Midwest Swing Typed by: Sekzclusive@aol.com It's a Midwest thang, y'all - and they ain't got a clue (They ain't got a clue) why my Cutlass blue and I got them thangs on that muh'fucker too It's a Midwest swang, y'all - and they ain't gotta trip (They ain't gotta trip) while we swing and dip Cause we do big thangs on the muh'fuckin hip It's a Midwest thang [Nelly] Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay What you think we live on a farm? Nigga be for real We got Benz's Rovers' and Jag's, Hummer's and Deville's Got a green S Class, ain't broke the door seal Shit ain't been the same since I signed Fo' Reel This shit got ill, when I hit 4 mill Five and countin', dirty six at will Did seven on the slide, 8 worldwide I'll be on my third Bentley by the time I'm at 9 I hear 'em cryin, "You gon' sell out" ya damn right I done sold out before and re-comped the same night Straight hopped the next flight, too *Icey* for sunlight Dunkin without Sprite, yea you heard me dirty I'm from the Show-Me State, show me seven I'll show you eight Karats in one bling, heavily starched jeans Representin St. Louis everytime I breathe In the city I touch down and I bob and weave, ay [Murphy Lee] I sport my beeper on my boots, that's why I be a buzz when I kick Maybe it's on my lips, it's chaos when I spit Quarter man, quarter schoolboy, half Lunatic Quarter rubber, quarter dick, other half in yo' chick Keep a quarter of some sheeeiit, I'm the Pooky of the backyard All colors and all types like a junkyard Hot young boy with hot young ways Cause I connect three blunts and be high for three days You can tell by the way I walk I ain't from 'round hurr (here) Probably couldn't tell cuz I ain't walkin nowhurr (nowhere) I got a old-school Cutlass, with a hole in the urr (air) TV's urrwhurr (everywhere) wood grain to sturr (stare) I don't curr (care), hell naw I ain't cuttin my hurr (hair) Ten and a half in them Airforce 1's, gimme two purr (pair) ugh I'm from the Lou' and what I do is a Lou' thang One rapper, two rings and three chains [Kyjuan] Nothing but some ole country boys that ride V-12 horses Saddle up and put spurs on my Airforce's Back porches made for hide and go seek We got space out hurr, we can ride and chief Ain't gotta worry 'bout nobody approachin' us By the time they catchin' up, we smoked it up And my eyes be red, my lips a lil' dark The Lou is more than the Rams, Cards and lil' Arch My dirty's love to spark, and love to sparkle Love homies *Vokal* coats with matchin' car do's (doors) We racin down Skinker, see how fast our car go Granny be like "Ay-yi-yi" like Ricky Ricardo I know you wanna know why we do what we do You cats ain't got a clue why the Cutlass blue Brand new twenty-two's on new UV's With one, two, three, four, five TV's [Big Lee A.K.A. Ali] I'm sittin' on the front porch, writin a hood rhyme Waitin on my connect to deliver that good line Wish I would find, one seed in my weed Sticks and shit, if I do somebody bleed Pull right here, eight pounds of Chinamen Two stay hittin some blunts and Heineken Hidin in the back with the po' po' kicked in my do'do', man they some ho' hooo's They put the gun to my earr, you know the Lord don't fear Nann nigga, nann hoe, let's keep that bullshit clearr They had me face down in the skreet Errbody watchin, thinkin I'ma pull the heat And leave the D-tects with a leak in the skreet And that - pussy ass nigga that set me up my peeps Gon' give it to this nigga like NYPD Beat the K, fuck coke, now I'm back on my granny porch hustlin [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Show Em What They Won Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Ali) Yeah, yeah, check, check See I ain't about playin, Leezy 'bout cash in advance Cash in on the casual, actual, factual plan Makin a killin man, went from that to makin a livin Rightous willin, the only thing supreme swimmin And proceed, to not smoke weed around the seed It's the new way, new life, peace true indeed, off T's I dwell on off how y'all plan makin mo' money, so I had to buy a fly chain Ran in this game, dirt broke, now it's MTV with Kurt Lod' With the Q-four-feezy, be hurtin folks Keep the bird toast, black handle, horoscope hood scandle You the type of niggas puffin in shirts, socks and sandals Keep the God in me, the Hova Ja knew Allah in me Ball wit' me, don't tell 'em who saw when 'bout to squall wit' me Fall wit' me, this pure mic dope I'm sellin It's the man with mellow rap, felon, constantly yellin "yo ma!" (Nelly) Uh, uh, uh, uh What's it like bein Nelly, ay, let me break it down It's like a shootout and you the only nigga wit' rounds It's like a weed drought and you the only nigga wit' pounds It's like a Freaknik and you got the only rubbers in town I'm like a shoe-in, for the poster boy, the thug of the year GQ style ma', let me put a bug in your err (ear) Go tell ya man, he take a step, there went a slug in his err (ear) Have 'em askin (yo, how the hell he get a gun up in here?) (That's gotta be illegal, Bob!) I can bring them chrome things for that drastic shit Metal detectors, no problem, got that plastic shit Witnessess, "I ain't seen 'em, they had masks and shit" "Whoever it was, was in a rush 'cause they was fast and quick" Oh, I'm just a playa, mo', these ain't my rules Peep game, I'm wearin Jordans, summer these my shoes I'm like the heir to the throne Me and my niggas fastbreak through your home, get ya coach on the phone Tell 'em "go'on" (Chorus) Show 'em what they won, a short stay at the hotel, Bob Show 'em what they won, Alize, Mo', Crissy or ale, Bob Show 'em what they won, Murphy Lee, Key or Nell, Bob Show 'em what they won, what, show 'em what they won, who Show 'em what they won, niggas talkin shit get served, Bob Show 'em what they won, two to the head, left on the curb, Bob Show 'em what they won, leavin they mama's feelins hurt, Bob Show 'em what they won, what, show 'em what they won, who Show 'em what they won (Kyjuan) Ay yo, Bob, they want Keyjuan, the one who gets the job done Keep huns screamin "Keyjuan-na-na" On the block I Rule like Ja, in the sun like Wa Me and mine at the mall spendin grands like Cool Bob See I'm a Ruger shooter, don't make me have to do ya Boo-ya, you see what Lunatics'll do to ya Tip-??? pursuer, get 'er in a room and do 'er First cat out the Lou that you knew that Wore a lime-green headband, matchin leather pants Vokal t-shirt with some sparklin wristbands This man, he keeps it real sweet With somethin sweeter than sweet, puffin on Swisher Sweets I'm unique like a blue cardinal bird without the beak I'm deep, like bucket seats when the 'tics hit the streets Pick door number three if your price is right I'll pull a DJ Quik "tonite is the night" (Murphy Lee) Hold on, so I can tell 'em who I is, a young school boy with one kid I think I'm five-eight, but yo, maybe I'm five-six With my boots off, I prefer my booties in boots off You get in my bed, you better take pants, shoes off Now, and not right now but right now! And I ain't backin down, she can get up and bounce The Young Dude, quick to roll up an ounce and head south Don't even have drive, I can sit on the couch And wrap somethin, and put on a beat and rap somethin They call me Mr. get all mad and smack somethin I'm wild dude, you could probably find me on side two If not I'm a holla like Ja Rule, get a dollar from my boo And go and by a juice or somethin A virgin rapper, I ain't gettin loose for nothin Money earnin rapper, I ain't got no boots for nothin So I'm servin rappers, I be cookin when I'm comin (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Let Me In Now Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Nelly - talking) Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot more, drop it like over herr baby girl, uh (Chorus - Nelly) Let me in now, there it go I love it when you make your knees touch your elbows, boom boom Let me in now, there it go I love it when you make your knees touch your elbows, boom boom Let me in now, there it go I love it when you make your knees touch your elbows, boom boom Let me in now, there it go I love it when you make your knees touch your elbows, boom boom (Ali) Let me in ma', so I can hit it Make you wanna leave wit' it, take you home and sleep wit' it Tell your friends that we did it in the back of the Coupe With your back on the sunroof holla'in out "whoop-de-whoop" You be like "girl, he put in work, hit it all night He rocked my world, came out that skirt, soon as I hit that door He thorough, while you twerk, so much Mo' and Cris' I urled all on my skirt We still kicked it," (let me in know) You ain't heard, that playa bad St. Louis nigga to the end, with a fo'-fo' mag And 'til them 'tic niggas kick in, let a fire bag The party just would not begin, 'til you shake that ass, now shake that ass I'm like, uh, "whoa hossie" and that ass ain't playin I'm a teach it to go varsity in a passin Ram Marry me and, divorce me and get my cash advance Your best bet's to deep throat me as fast as you can, I'm like (Chorus) (Murphy Lee) Ay yo, I'm Murphy Lee the ashtray, I touch butts all day Treat me like a toilet, you can sit on me And let your knees touch your nostrils Show me that big ol' brown booty hole, let me record it like a studio You can go and get your crew, girl, like Freddy Huh, you Raw like Eddie, call me Murphy if you ready Ready for whatever, Strictly Business like Halle Berry When I'm with you like Tony Terry, say my name more times than Bloody Mary Kinda scary gettin more head for stones than cemetaries ?? ??? done ran through more halls than Barry At school, in the Hall gettin busy like Arsenio I'm a rat trap like club Casino (Keyjuan) Ay yo, it's on fo' sho', low-cut Capris so her thongs could sho' She probably got a man, but I've been wrong befo' All I know is that she make her knees touch her elbows just to get in a show I'm startin to think, this how it's supposed to go Get blowed before we go where we supposed to go Workin since ninety-fo', I'm supposed to blow Blow on the dice, before I roll a ten-to-fo' Rollin Mo-Mos, Optimos, they burn slow Rollin fo'-do's, sippin Mo' with fo' hoes I'm a two-triple-0, U-City, gigalo Duece Duece Bigalow, love a man, Joe Blow And you should pay me, I'm Super like Nintendo Make your hands touch the flo', your knees don't bend tho' In the Benzo, tinted windows, if the bounce is right, the ounce is right Meet me at my house tonight (Chorus) (Nelly) Now baby girl got a rump on 'er, fo'-do' and a trunk on 'er Low miles, no dents, title readin "one owner" Some are wanna-be baller, baby daddies that don't want 'er He ain't trippin 'til he see another nigga get on her But she a good girl, actin bad when she need me I wish she would girl, he piss her off she beep me on some, "Nelly, come meet me, it's the First Lady My president is out the country I need the VP" I'm in the White House, butt-naked and iced out Turn the lights out, and I'm turnin your wife out Same chick you jumped the broom with, throwin the rice out Same cat shoppin with rats, throwin the mice out I like 'em clumsy mo', just let everything hit the flo' Not once, not twice, three times, but fo' Each time, makin her knees touchin her elbows I said, each time, lookin at me, yellin she want mo' I'm like, ohh! (Chorus) (Nelly - talking) Baby girl like to shake a lot, huh, baby girl like to shake a lot Huh, baby girl like to, uh, uh, uh, uh Do your thizzle Moet, hah, hah, and do your thizzle Moet Hah, hah, shake it like that for, hah, yeah Three-one-four fo' sho', S-T-L and I connect the do' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Dis Iz Da Life Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (talking) >Man, I've been thinking What you've been thinking about man? >Ever since Country Grammar done spent seven million Millions I told you >That shit's been crazy Shit's been frucking crazy, I tell ya (Chorus - Ali & Murphy Lee) Maaaaaan, this is the life, club packed, I'm lovin that Picking the best hoes like a runningback, what up with that? Ma' (come on ma'), let's break and leave the spot Before the haters who ain't fuckin shoot up the parking lot Maaaaaan, this is the life, club packed, I'm lovin that Picking the best hoes like a runningback, what up with that? Ma' (come on ma'), let's break and leave the spot Before the haters who ain't fuckin shoot up the parking lot Maaaaaan, this is the life (Murphy Lee) Ay yo, I'm Chachee Acolla, dirty, I know ya heard me 'Cause I'm forty-eight plus negative thirty, Murphy perverted And you know that, be in strip clubs where the shows at Keep a show packed, ay, Yella Mack, where my dough at? Herky got my quarter-0 sack and blunt papers Quick to rip and rap roll that, my life saver Playa hater hater, Lunatic rhyme maker I'm the arm, the leg, the leg, arm, head maker Call me when you finna' break up, you can't take a I take curr (care) a that, it be ok when we wake up Short so I gotta lay-up, no dunkin for me I sport the ten, ain't no puntin for me Murphy Lee the school boy's what you want me to be So I'm a be that, for six D-I-G-I-Ts I'm a L-U-N-A-T-I-C, 'bout to B-L-O-W-U-P, c'mon (Chorus) (Kyjuan) Y'all be hatin a lot 'cause we makin a lot I be's that nigga like Vacant Lot I'm achin hot, check what you got to get in the spot I'm takin a shot before I pull up on the lot It's V.I.P. parkin, walked in sparkin Ain't nobody chargin, feelin like a sergeant They all linin up, all nines and up And I better make my choice, the nights windin enough Long skirt, cornrows, she's fine enough Dressed in black, black suit and my brim be black With a Cardinal bird on it, my team gon' blow Nigga, I put my word on it, my team shoots well That's if I had Kerr on it, no standin in line (who, me?) My coat got fur on it, I'm a slide right in And I keep a room key, ain't no need for no pin I got Sugar Daddy partyin wit' me, man, bring mo' friends (Chorus) (Nelly) Check it It ain't my fault I was born with Country Grammar and talk, ma' No ma', I ain't hurt, that's just my walk, ma' Slight limp son, you know, to Simpson I keep it burgged out, play your cards right you get some Call me Kane when ya sayin my name, the lips numb I'm talkin brains in the back of the Range, (been done) I be's like only five-ten, weighin one-seven-one But if you close your eyes, swore you're gettin crushed by a bum Be like "oh Nelly, can I call you Mr. Hanes?" Whichever one just made you came, then that'll be thy name The one they couldn't tame, I ain't speakin from the vain I'm speakin from the change, the rapper and the chain The high rise, overlookin ducks and thangs I can see you're fascinated by the trucks and thangs On Q, when she hopped on the tip my man She must've been a vivrant thang, a vivrant thang, ay All my niggas, if you wit' me let me know, (why?) Who keep it hotter in the night than in the day (I) "You boys for real", "you fakin" at the same time Gotta set the game tight 'cause some a y'all ain't playin right (Chorus) (talking) Ever since that Country Grammar shit, you know, this has been the life >Man, I don't know, I've been thinking I don't man, like, everywhere I fucking go they all know that "down, down, baby" shit >Maybe it's nothing changed, it's the other people around them changing Everybody else around you changed, I have noticed that, I noticed that >Maybe, maybe... You just try to do what you've been tryin to do from day one You know, it's like everybody with you until this shit happens Once the shit happens, nobody rolls with you anymore Everybody wants to be like, you know "fuck him" You know what I'm sayin? (both) Maaaan, this is the life! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Scandalous Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (guys talking) ...coming around here with their rims and Tims and shit Get the fuck out of my neighborhood! (hahahah) Fucking eighteen, fucking schoolboy Freaking 'tics man, I'm sick of them, they keep playin that song They're stupid! (Chorus - Murphy Lee) I said you don't wanna roll where I could go Hard times, Hennessy and Optimos Twenty inches on the car, gotta lock the doors 'Cause these groupies and these haters are scan-da-lous (Murphy Lee) Ay yo, I'm Chachee the Navihater Fuck shoes, I want the whole fuckin alligator Murphy rather put the shoes on a Navigator Size twenties that could kick it like a soccer player Been a player since Freeze Pops, nigga, Now 'N Laters I used to be well connected like an operator I used to rub on some of the teachers and administrators Woulda' hit it, but yo, I'm not a good cooperator That's why the, that's why the people wanna get me for pollutin the sky Factory full a bud got the whole city high St. Louis peoples can't cooperate without (without) St. Louis po-pos wanna stop me but I doubt (I doubt) (Chorus) 2x Ay yo, I happen to be, I happen to be the Young Dude With the hook up like Black and Blue My milky flow's cowin these hoes, I make moves True smooth figga, coochie licker, relationshipper Damn right I'm wit' her twenty/four/five, she gettin thicker By the daily, as a child they couldn't fade me Brotha my league's speakin the truth, I'm only eighteen Do the math, killed a pig, chicken and cow My third eye's so versatile it make me smile At myself damnit, I'm in the backfield like Emmit My life is a movie got damnit, give me a Grammy or a meal ticket I ain't picky until I get it, we can still kick it Gimme a minute to handle business, 'cause I'm real wit' it Soon as I'm finished, yo, we can deal wit' it Bill wit' it, Lunatic skills to make a mil' wit' it (Wheewwww), we ain't black, we original The deal is y'all don't see it's all biblical (Chorus) 2x St. Lunatics did it all From highschool ball to feelin booties in the hall Skip school, buyin Nikes, twenty deep up in the mall Me and my dogs, found a road to make it flow Got money to go, fuck somethin, we want it all Done worked to hard to see it fall Seven years to get our name on the wall, Cuda called That did it all, 'cause we cool now, pockets grab for now I'm like Jordan in ninety-five, no Bull now Promotional tours now, funky like sewers now Six-hundred with duals now, like tractors got pull now We in a good situation like Phil and Shaq On our way up the hill like Jill and Jack (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics f/ Brian McKnight Album: Free City Song: Groovin Tonight Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Brian McKnight) Tonight's the night, tonight's the niiiiiiigggght Girl you lookin so fly, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do Said I wanna get it on, mmhmmm Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do Girl you lookin sooooo fly, do, do, do, dooo Said I wanna get it on (Ali - talking) U-City, uh, uh, Brian McKnight, Lunatics, groovin, groovin, groovin tonight Ha ha, yeah, what you think about that nigga? Hah, hah, what you think about that nigga? Ladies (Ali) Now you could search the whole globe but couldn't replace me You skurred (scared) then face me, you don't wanna race me Fendi fur, Cartier glasses for the blur I'm a do it for me and let you do it for her I got a real bad habit what I want I grab it So many karats in the ring I'm half man, half rabbit Bitches be like "ahh man" when they see me with Cardan Puffin on the green, discussin a war plan I used to have rock, now it's stocked with a labtop Fat pot, a six-four with the ass dropped With a dime daughter, dabbed in Estee Lauder I want the new Tims so from the crib I made an order So fuck your bitch nigga, what I wanna take? Plus she been on my nuts since thumps and pencil breaks 'Cause I'm a nigga with the hoe, a nigga with the flow Fo' Reel nigga, pissy drunk in the Rov' (Chorus - Brian McKnight) Fellas, we can get it on Maybe even party 'til the break of dawn (break of dawn) 'Cause the ladies are groovin tonight (the ladies are groovin tonight) To the ladies lookin fly (looking fly) If you wanna ride them hold on tight (hold on tight) 'Cause the fellas are groovin tonight (tonight's the night) (Nelly) "Skuuuuuiieeee" baby girl, you hear me callin you? Now I ain't hawkin you, just wanna walk with you Talk with you for a second, spit a little somethin in that err (ear) Whatever it takes to make you come nerr (near) I'm tryna' sound sincerr (sincere), ay Baby talkin to me but I'm starin at her rerr (rear) and I'm like "oh derr (dear)" I ain't never seen nathen like you before And you the type to make a nigga wanna open your door And the house up on the hill and the Jag is yours As long as you can prove that you wit' a nigga for sure You know I'm young and a thug, so I got issues I did them St. Louis blues, I done paid them dues, ay But nevermind that, how 'bout we hop the next cruise We can cash it or plastic, you choose Get pissed out with the Cristal or the Boones Get ya Xed out, leave ya stretched out in the room, my doom (Chorus) (City Spud) [talking] Keep it movin, keep it movin, I keep it groovin, huh Keep it movin, keep it movin, keep it groovin, huh I keep it, movin, keep it groovin huh, uh, uh, uh Yo, baby girl you lookin fly in yo' Donna K Hopin I could give you some love in the right way But I don't wanna give you the wrong impression I keep it mellow, sayin hello You still thinkin I'm a thug fellow So I let you know from the get-go you thorough You a cutie with thighs and you live for dinero But, me and my team drop, shit overseas Then bounce wit' the ounce that's thick and Japenese I'm a goodfella, you know, I'm a made man Got 'em winin like spoiled babies in play pens Put that ass up baby and I hit it from here Now lick your tongue out lady and I put it in here Let me whip that, lick that, and I don't stop Then hit the block with my niggas in, my new drop Convertible tints on dubs, no matter the weather One-sixty on the dash, chinky eyes and leather, c'mon (Chorus) (Brian McKnight) Paaaarrrtttyyyy, party, hey, hey, hey Allll daaaaayyy, all day, yeah Neevvvvvveeerrr stop, never stop, don't wanna stop no, no babe Neevvvvvveeerrr stop, don't stop, don't stop Baby girl! (Chorus) 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics f/ Penelope Album: Free City Song: Jang A Lang Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Chorus - Nelly) 2x If you like big thangs, put your hands high as you can Get your shit man, make no difference from where you came, uh I ain't ballin out here, no, I ain't playin no games I got a new name for niggas with change, jang a lang (Penelope) Make way for the new breed bitch of this millennium Stack chips, keeps the pistol grip why? 'Cause I'm offendin 'em Rocks nothin but Cavada shit, I'm the baddest The ice from head to toe, with that plaid shit Mo' potent than I cut cocaine, through your vein Off the hook, take a look, I'm the chick, I can't be tamed One name like the highest breed, papi capche? One drove home from Italy, is y'all feelin me? Be a mistress to none, but all good to some Let me break you off a little, show you how it's done Eyes trip for this goddess, gambino got your funds And some fish are coppin flights for me to Reno I see no other way for me to tell you how I feel You wanna stick and move now you're fuckin with the real deal Hold still, let this lady let loose Keep them chips comin nigga or your neck'll catch a nuece (Chorus) (Murphy Lee) Now y'all know me, I like an old school Ozzie Smith jersey Old school Jordans, head band that says "Murphy" Stone washed, baggy as hell, double XL, with the sleeve off On my way to drop a few G's off Ease off, doin thirty-five, smokin fire, makin a right I'm doin thirty now, riskin my life Both clients on my cell phone, typin on my two-way Rollin a blunt, still drivin, lookin at movies Young Dude be floatin the city like cab drivers Professional but still keep it real like Allen Iverson I'm liver than Jay, Dave and Kathy and Regis Been on more MTV shows than Butthead and Beavis Keep a stash with the gas money, fast money, me and Slo Down, huh We almost had to buy up the town It's like a movie, oohhweee, doobies in a jacuzzi Girls do what I say so I just tell 'em to do me (Chorus) (Keyjuan) Ay, you know where my change comes from, I spits fire You know what them girls look at dirty, my big tires My attire forty-two large denim, I sag in 'em Dress eyes and ride hot rides and Jags in 'em Let him talk his jazz, what's the tag gon' get 'em? While I hit him in clutch time, roll up his dutch time "No more herb", no such line, "uh oh" is my punch line I'm hungry like a hobo standin in lunch lines Crossed the gun line, boss, like Ray and Claud I know niggas that make they money then pay they broads I'm from the Lou, kinda new, I'm a make my laws When I pull up on the show lot, it be, it's like pause (Ay, where yo' Range at?) It's outside you wanna clean it? (Ay, where yo' name at?) It's in The Source, you ain't seen it? (Ay, where yo' change at?) You can't tell dirty, I'm sparklin? Split it, fill it up, wrap it and spark it (Chrorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Real Niggaz Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Chorus - Nelly) 2x Real niggas ride wit' us You haters gotta ride the bus Smoke 'til when my brain gon' bust Bank account so plush, the FEDs on us Real niggas ride wit' us (and dime ladies) You haters gotta ride the bus (we drop crazy) Smoke 'til when my brain gon' bust Bank account so plush, the FEDs on us (Kyjuan) Kyjuan's a preppy hippy, cross the bridgy of Mississippi I slang thangs, make bread, easy like Jiffy Call me a cool nigga or a Mr. refriger' Kids ask me ("Mr. can you get crunk and jiggy?") I reply quickly, bottle of Andres or Crissy Smoke backyard or sticky, my man, watch me get busy I wake up with two dimes, both named Nikki I'm a playa dirty, no passion marks, no hickies Cats make me sick when I roll through y'all city Lookin like angry mad, face mad, teeth gritty You gon' make me go back into my days of U-City Cornrows, penny bros and new Dickies Ahh shit, when situation looks shitty I got that thang with me, plus I Puff like Diddy You niggas can't hang with me, or pop the pain with me So wrap somethin mo' and hop in the Range with me (Ali) Check, check No picture me rollin, Optimo, glocka four-four Four-do' Range Rov', mink with matchin Kangol Whole hood like "oh", freakin 'em out they mind D's with diamonds on 'em, jackers, I know they want 'em Not, you see the watch, Roley or G-shock You hear me four, five blocks before you see me, that's the knock I need not speak on that, I speak on Zack And how he better fix my shit or give my eight G's back Salute the rugged, flip screen, you gotta love it Navigational system behind the ten, duckin the public Take my chain off to thaw out, battle four out We fill, the fattest wad a hun'neds you ever saw out Son break the jar out, twist the muskie Only real niggas ride and smoke, patna trust me If I'm lyin, bad mouth, slap then crush me Cuss me, suplex lamb, grab the nine and bust me 'Cause only.... (Chorus) (Nelly) I'm like the battery, I come through every door on a cell (Duracell) Mr. energizer, forever ready to make a mil' Fuck that Cris', let it spill, I hit the gas, and make it peel I'm smokin twenty inches of Parelli, wha, up off the wheel I hit the jewelry store at noon, slight case of the chills I got the face too damn chunky 'cause it's still read "twelve" Well hell, not a shit starter but I be startin some shit Half the time I'm in the club, half the niggas gettin pissed Me, got they miss, I done, caught they wrist And they be thinkin you cockblockin 'cause you gave her a kiss I walks over to your bitch and asks her "who's is this?" (yours Nelly) Tell 'em one more time just in case he forgets I be the sleepy eyed, kinky guy, the chinky eye Comin be like I, ay, EI, ready the guy Nigga hella high, country grammar, yellin "EI!" Fuckin your cutie pie, forty-nine, not gettin none (Murphy Lee) You shoulda' seen this ladie's face when I walked in the bank I'm the school boy, I'm Hollywood, smellin like dank Lookin like I don't know left from right Holdin a check, got the whole front desk like "Murphy's set for life!" I agree wit' em, I exchange sacks with seeds in 'em Drivin eighty in the rainiest Rov', TV's in 'em I'm St. Lou, plus true to the arch equals I'm real I'm Hollywood, plus true to the heart equals a mil' I'm killin y'all, matter fact I'm killin myself In a category with T-Boz, I'm feelin myself It gets no better, Slo says it gotta get better Gotta get wood, gotta get dubs, we gotta get leather I'm like, what, real playas roll on dubs (Lunatics like) And haters can't kick it wit' us (and our blunts tight) We smokin 'til our brain gon' bust Gettin head in the back of the truck, City what up I'm like only.... (Chorus) 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Free City Song: Here We Come * Typed by: Dawgmanx69@aol.com * originally appeared on "Funkmaster Flex IV" as "Come Over" Yo, whattup baby girl - fuck is the deal? Nah youknahI'msayin I'm on my way fo' sho' Nah well Kejuan and Murph they with me already And you know Leezy on his way we gonna be out there in a minute But what's goin on with you though? Cause I hope you ain't frontin Cause it's too late at night for that y'know? Nah no doubt though aight? (here.. we.. come..) Here we come now girl! (all ov-er.. you..) Baby girl, uhh uhh [Nelly] You know I, spend hot shit when need be Only nigga that can take a still picture in 3-D (What?) If need be I'm leavin the party with Cindy (Who is that?) Cocky bowlegged long hairr and Fendi  That ain't nuttin - how bout her twin sister Mindy I spit game like that, I get brains like that Butter-soft leather seats, it came like that If sex was football, I'd be a runningback I can only get low and I never fumble Make ya throw ya hands up when I break in the zone So if it's on it's on, shit I'm takin you home I got my own doghouse, own thrown, own bone She like my bizza, my bad, lil' dawg You Lunatics - and that's what I be sayin bout y'all Hell, not an M.D. but I'm always on call And I got a stick for ya guaranteed not to stall  So (here.. we.. come..) Here we come now girl! (all ov-er.. you..) Baby girl, uhh uhh, cause we be Vokal'd down from the sky to the ground Sippin Alize, steady puffin on a pound Hollerin whoa now! Slow down, switch it up Mami don't frown, go down, heat it up! Hey! (here.. we.. come..) Full countdown, from the sky to the ground Sippin Alize, steady puffin on a pound (all ov-er.. you..) Hollerin whoa now! Slow down, switch it up Mami don't frown, go down, heat it up [Nelly] I'm like a New Edition; y'all not Ronnie Bobby and Mike Not even Ricky Ralph or Johnny, instead it rain tonight Is this the end? Damn right I, turn out like Ike Until Vanessa Del Rio like over Bryan McKnight Said OH NO, babydoll kissin me as she goin down low Peepin that demo oh +I+ can tell that you a pro Swore up and down you never did this before.. Whatever just go slow Hated by all types, baby fathers and dykes The type they ready to fight cause I'm the one they women like He think he tight, he think he got more game then spike lee Running through his veins like an IV, highspeed Tightest nigga for five G's of Al D. Better catch me now while my price is low Demandin five digits when the Lunatics blow Another zero for a show, just to let you niggaz know, now what? [Nelly] You see me and my niggaz only come out on the weekends Cause the weekdays too busy creepin Freakin, wit yo' rat, now picture that When she with you she not speakin, but she weaken Lettin me know, that she really been thinkin about a nigga (oooh) even when I'm not wit her I'm frosty all year while you only in the winter My pockets gettin fatter, your pockets gettin thinner I ain't baptized so you callin me a sinner Overpaid, 29, callin me a young tenor Nelly stop don't leave, don't stop when I'm in her SherReady for whatever and I ain't even bought her dinner I, started the game on the bench with splinters (uhh) Beggin your coach let you play for a minute The last seconds of the game you still waitin to enter I aint gotta hear the buzzer boy I know who the winner, come on [repeated until the end] Here we come y'all, here we come The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics f/ Cardan Album: Free City Song: Love You So Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Cardan - talking through chorus) You know I loved you right I never, I never knew girl, you see You know the pain right, you can feel my pain right? Uh, to the gateway, now check it out, yo (Chorus) Ooh, I loved you so But why I loved you, I'll never know Ooh, the pain you put me through You know you've killed, now I lust for you (Cardan) Now since I've came in the game, money and fame, I love it But whoever thought I'd wake up one mornin with no budget It's Cardi the golden kid with that older shit I live, learn, learn to live, the older I get And I remember Thursdays, hungry Thursdays 'Bout sixteen, seventee, um, Murphy age But this rap game I love it, it's like I'm married to it I proposed on Clue?, she said I'd be happy to do it Gave her a kiss, mmmwwhha, she gave me fifty G's Silly Cardi I spent it, now Cardi on his knees Now I'm livin reality, a Biggie Smalls theme Askin for one more chance to show her what I really mean She said, you done seen a lotta things baby bro' Even best friends turned and take out videos I got with the 'tics, EI, still no deal 'Til Sugar said "chill baby, everything is Fo' Reel" C'mon (Chorus) (Ali - talking through chorus) Yeah, loved y'all punk ass nigga, showed y'all love Never know that shit How the fuck you gon' drop a group, and the got the number one shit on the radio? Dumb ass nigga, look at us now, Fo' Reel nigga, Fo' Reel (Kyjuan) Nineteen-ninety-six! (hurry up, sign right here), let's sign these papers So we can get these papers and give these hoes the vapors Double-dumb entertainment dropped "Gimme What You Got" Off top, 'tics hot, even sent you a shot (Double-dumb nine sevennnnnnnn!) Didn't want Nelly on it, said his verse didn't fit Some ol' seperatin shit, ten percent ass bitch Whole town love us, no one is above us Treated you, no talent, knowin niggas like brothas No street team, no promotion Just woof tickets, raw fuckin, no lotion One year later you decide to drop an EP At the same time drop us, that confuse me So like a bastard child, we on our own Put out and left alone, y'all wont answer the phone It took a little time, but we got it ourself Five million records later, now y'all askin for wealth (One, two, three, four, five), nigga please (Chorus) (Murphy Lee - talking during chorus) You know what I'm sayin, life is crazy, you know what I'm sayin You got choices in life But bro' when you make 'em, you gotta make 'em and make 'em right And if you ain't makin 'em right it's just crazy You ain't got nobody else to blame, nobody but yourself You know what I'm sayin, mad truth to that (Murphy Lee) Let me pretend that I'm a lawyer and explain the situation Facin three-to-one five across state, humiliation St. Louis set it off, phone calls was long distance (Ay yo, it's four birdies in Houston), c'mon, send some one to get 'em Who would do it for a grand? Eighteen, only thing on our mind was that killer money From Missouri to the T-E-X, A-S Two cats strapped it tight, right up under her chest One-way trip on Southwest but she didn't make it that far Metal detectors went bizarre, one-way trip to the car Your honor, she got a baby that'll drive my granny crazy A long distance lawyer that keep on tellin us "maybe" And we all raise her baby, takin curr (care) of her daily This law shit is crazy, never cease to amaze me It's different from the eighties, ninety-five to lately They givin out time like dogs givin out rabies (Free City) (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Nellyville Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly] Welcome to Nellyville, where all newborns get a half-a-mill' Sons, get the tan DeVille, soon as they can reach the wheel And daughters, get diamonds the size of their age - help me out now One year get one carat, two years get two carats Three years get three carats, and so on into marriage Nobody livin average, everybody jang-a-lang Nobody livin savage, e'rybody got change Even the paperboy deliver out the back of a Range It's not a game, it's a beautiful thang Imagine blocks and blocks of no cocaine, blocks with no gunplay Ain't nobody shot, so ain't no news that day Ain't nobody snitchin, they refuse to say Every month - we take a vote on what the weather should be And if we vote it rains - know how wet we want it to be And if we vote it snow - know how deep we want it to get But the sun gon' shine 99 percent, in Nellyville There's no.. way.. I.. I could explaiiiiin.. the way I feel right now There's no.. way.. I.. I could explaiiiiin.. the way I feel about livin in Nellyville [Nelly] I got that good at e'ry gas station, pull on up Give me a half a ounce of that shit, fill it up We got straws for the bottles, outlaw the cups And we gon' make it happen, ain't no need for no luck Ain't no lotteries, no pick 3's or pick 2's Keep the money in your family, gamble amongst your crew Cause the dice gon' do what the dice gon' do And if you take a life, you gon' lose yours too Ain't no trials, it's automatic, you drop 'em right where it happen You do unto others if you don't want it don't do the cappin Think that's cool? 40 acres and a mule Fuck that! Nellyville - 40 acres and a pool Six bedrooms, full bath with a jacuzz' Six-car garage, pavement smooth Both front and back deck 'nough room to land a jet And you ain't reached the city, that's just the projects [Nelly] Everybody, uh, now everybody say [Interlude] Well I want to go, please let me go I need to go - down to Nellyville I need to see, what I can say Won't you and me - go to Nellyville I want to go, so bad I just want to go and look Won't you please take me on in I just know I gotta be there [Nelly] No unexpectancy, like teenage pregnancy And physical mental attraction your only ecstasy Your own destiny, create your own recipe If you ain't livin accordin to dirty then you stressin me "And who are you?" Who me? I'm the mayor And any problems you got, I live up thurr "Where's that?" The house on the hill, welcome mat of fur When you pass by that thang, be polite and don't sturr .. [Outro] Yeah There's no.. way.. yeah There's no.. way.. yeah There's no.. way.. yeah There's no.. way.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Hot in Herre Typed by: vokal_001@hotmail.com Hot in... so hot in herre! So hot in... hot - OH! With a little bit of, uh uh; and a little bit of, uh uh Just a little bit of.. {*beat*}; just a little bit of.. {*beat*} Just a little bit of.. {*beat*}; just a little bit of.. {*beat*} [Nelly] I was like, good gracious - ass is bodacious (uhh) Flirtacious, tryin to show patience I'm waitin for the right time to shoot my steez (you know) Waitin for the right time to flash them ki's, then uhh I'm leavin, please believin - ohhh! Me and the rest of my heathens Check it, got it locked at the top of the Fo' Seasons Penthouse, roof top, birds I feedin No deceivin, nuttin up my sleeve and no teasin.. I need you to Get up up on the dance floor Give that man what he askin for Cause I feel like bustin loose and I feel like touchin you, uh uh And can't nobody stop the juice So baby tell me what's the use? I said It's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes  I am - gettin so hot, I wanna take my clothes off It's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes  I am - gettin so hot, I wanna take my clothes off Uh, uh, uh - let it hang alll out! [Nelly] Why you at the bar if you ain't poppin the bottles? (c'mon) What good is all the fame if you ain't fuckin the models I see you drivin, sports cars, ain't hittin the throttle And I'll be down to do a hundred, top down and goggles Got off the freeway, exit 106 and "Park"ed it Ash tray, flip gate, time to spark it Gucci collar for dollar, got out and walked it I spit game cause baby I can't talk it Warm, sweatin, it's hot up in this joint Vokal tanktop, on at this point You with a winner so baby you can't loose I got secrets can't leave Cancun So take it off like your home alone You know dance in front your mirror while you're on the phone Checkin your reflection and tellin your best friend like "Girl I think my butt gettin big!" (Let it hang all out) Mix a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it just fall out) Give a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it hang all out) With a little bit of ah, ah And a sprinkle of that ah, ah (Let it just fall out) I like it when ya ah, ah Girl, baby make it ah, ah [Nelly] Stop pacin, time wastin I gotta a friend with a pole in the basement (what?) I'm just kiddin like Jason (oh) Unless you gon' do it Extra, extra - eh, spread the news (check it) Nelly took a trip from the Lou' to the Neptunes Came back with somethin thicker than fittin in Sasoons Say she got a thing about cuttin in restrooms - ohhhhh! [Chorus] - repeat 2X (Let it hang all out) Mix a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it just fall out) Give a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it hang all out) With a little bit of ah, ah And a sprinkle of that ah, ah (Let it just fall out) I like it when ya ah, ah Girl, baby make it ah, ah... ohhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Nellyville Song: Dem Boyz Typed by: lizznwink@sbcglobal.net [Hook] Like ohh better get em back watch dem niggas back  I hear dem boyz come'n derty  Like ohh better get em back watch dem bitches back  I hear dem boyz come'n(repeat 4x's) [Verse 1: Nelly] Who am I you ask me you know it's bout that grammar From any state it don't matter, from here to Montana From whit girls name Anna, to old ladies name Nanna They hold'n up they banners, and run'n wit they cameras Can I get a flick you damn right miss (Can I take a hit) here boo like this Chronic sticky like gum, I guess that's how it comes Don't worry bout my funds, I play around it in one (Like ohh) When you seen that hummer, but that was last summer this year I'm more blunter More up close and personal, it's just gon get worser now From Prada to Vokal, the Tics are too versatile Can't worry bout certain sounds, that come out these haters mouths I realize they can't help it, just stay where you bow'n down Some more you can't get these pounds, unless you gon smoke it now If not I suggest you pack yo shit up and head out of town [Hook] [Verse 2: Murphy Lee] They be like hold up, hold up, hold up I know that aint them man Murp jersey on backwards wit ol' school Tim's and  Kyjuan got on so many colors just like a pimp Nelly chain so long got him walk'n wit a limp Ali is throw'n money in the front row And er' body scream'n Slo Down but where the hell is slo of course We be them up, close, live, and in person Might look like the type that be rob'n them purses But I aint I'm the yung dude I be rhyme'n them verses Worked hard since '93 that's how I got signed to Universal Now the girlies take they thongs off  And it be crazy in the club when that Lunatic song go off I be that pull up right beside you beat'n bad type of Tic I'm a hold up traffic to touch her ass type of Tic Lunatic, that's what I am that's what I said I am I'm try'n to be a millionaire I bet I am, I bet I am [Verse 3: Kyjuan] It's dem boyz on dem porches in Air Forces read'n Sources My choice is ol' school's over dem Rolls Royce's Of course this Tic shit live like EA Sports is Dribble in the club I lay up wit two draft choices Hit the center touch the point guard, she hit the joint hard Ohh wee oh Lord, she don't want no more Cutlass is four door, stash for the 4.4  Smokes 1 44, what dem o's go for (Like oh) 350 1 more, 350 stick'n the floor brand new Azure smashes, g 's and c's all in my glasses  Tics fantastic we get booked more than matches  Imagine, me without those two headbands Them Vokal t-shirts with some 8 class pants Feel'n dapper like Dan yes fresh like Mannie Cutlass candies sit down you know you can't stand me [Hook] [Verse 4: Ali] Andy freeze all his fees, locks, stripy stocks, rocks in the watch Big shorts, headband to a cross-jersey back Ross  That's that Mid-West talk, I think yo future boss Batter Up Naw cough, and let you know Caprice Classic on these hoes Ver big shows tell her best be on they toes 5 country grammar boys in bandana platinum no gold like (Oh) That's what they say when I pull up on d's in that old Dr.J Hold a v a, fat laces this world is rat races Head'n back places but it still seem racist Got locations so I haul off the wall off if you could fall off Got a room at the Wada wit a saw that 'll take the wall off  Hit the mall off wit a sag hockey jersey du-rag Fitted still switch'n two different shoes starchy wit tags [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Oh Nelly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly] They said a country boy, came through and then - changed the game If you what you got ain't hot then - check your flame If what you spittin ain't hittin then - check your aim Your record sales start to slip and then - Nelly to blame Now who you know come through first time on the scene No set-ups, no guest appearances in between Fire like a nigga drinkin gasoline I keep it hot, like my dirty down in New Orleans The Rams won the Superbowl, bought myself a ring Whether you sparkle or you bling, don't matter same thing Thug drinkin mo', but Don the King I'm gettin pissy, with Tissy, Missy and Irene Real close friends that like to try things Me and my dirties we like to buy things Fuck around and give me a license to fly things Look up in the sky and have a Nelly sighting, like [Chorus: repeat 2X] Skurrrrt, oh! (Gon' break it down) Oh Nelly! (Gon' change that game around) And I bet (y'all really gon' hate him now) Why don't you come ride with me? Oooh-wee! [Nelly] First name Nelly, last name Nel First letter C, last letter L Six hundred fly by, what the hell? V-12 full detail, sittin on Sprewell's Who in? Can't tell, too much tint But why the radio so loud? Too much spent Never be a Bush man, too Bill Clint' Both country boys, and if the head right, E.I. Head for my residency, lovin my presidency I do it like you never did see Shady to them niggaz that's shadin me Givin back to the ones that gave to me Bought a Caddy for the man that created me (who?) My daddy, call him Big Nelly (ooh!) Pimp juice flowin through that bloodline cuz Huh, see what it does? Yeah, you feel the buzz, like [Nelly] One mo' time! N, E, dash L-L-Y If you didn't like me then, gon' hate me now Me and Murph' fogged out in the buggy I With the, suction doors, two bad-ass whores Holla at Yo, cause I need that custom made Waves, fresh fade, brand new Band-Aid Skurrrt, them boys ain't playin around unless it's in to watch shorty (?) face hopscotch Never tic-tac-toe, there's too many of those I need a Rocky Dennis face - uhh, knowhatImean? Then I'm good to roll; hey, out of control New motto - never fuck the same hoe! Tryin to catch Wilt, four more to go From the bed to the flo', jackrabbit too pro Knock 'em out, wake baby girl to let her know Yo - you can't even stay here tonight, f'real, I'm sorry [Nelly - still talking over Chorus] Y'know, cuz, my security they gon' be knockin on the door in a minute and, if you ain't out ma it's, it's it's gon' be violence Um, yeah, f'sure, nothin personal, fo'sho' [Interlude] Uh uh, uh, you come ride with me Uh, uh uh, uh you come ride with me Skurrrrrt! Uh uh, uh, uh you come ride with me Uh uh, uh, uh, uh uh [Chorus] - 1/2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Pimp Juice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] One pound for the hoe, that's all we need baby Just one for the house.. (whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa) c'mon Pimp juice - hoooooooooh-ooooooooh-hoooooooo I think I need to let it loose (might think I need to let it loose) Let her loose, let her loooooose She only want me for my pimp juice (that's all she want me for f'real) Not my pimp juice, I'm talkin new pimp juice I think I need to cut her loose (it's time for homegirl to recognize) Yes I do, yes I doooooo-hoooo [Nelly] I'm in that, seventy-four, Coupe DeVille With the, power seats, leather, wood on my wheel One-touch sunroof BUT leave it alone Hoes see it can't believe it - "It's goin back on it's own" Oooooooooooooooh, shit, that's how we do it baby "Every day like this?" Seven dayy-ayyys .. I tell you three-sixty-five Winter spring and fall, in the summer we ride You actin like you never seen it befo' Like them country boys ain't got no dough Bitch please - GET IN - but don't you slam that do' DUST YOUR SHOES OFF - befo' you touch that flo' Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha? You really wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha? You're in a hurry - SLOW DOWN - and I might letcha touch it You ain't from Russia, so bitch why you Russian? [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Nelly] Now I'm - clean as a whistle (yeah) sharp as a razor (uh-huh) In anythang from Timberland to Gators Now listen - I play the haters (ooh) like they should be played And uhh - I love the ladies (ooh) like they should get laid That's why I - I got my fade everybody had braids And now they - switch to fades and I'm thinkin 'bout braids Just an example of pimp juice jackin If we were hoopin, I'd be yellin "They hackin" I see you momma, in my Dolce Gabbana Gucci and Prada baby I gotta lotta The lucciana ain't a problem for poppa That's all you want then baby girl I'ma holla Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha? You really wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha? You're in a hurry - SLOW DOWN - I don't like how you actin Treat you like you're from Milwaukee, send you Green Bay Packin [Chorus] w/ minor variations (I think I just..  need to take this time and explain to 'em exactly..  what the pimp juice is) Uh, hear me out now Now your pimp juice is anything, attract the opposite sex It could be money, fame, or straight intellect It don't MATTER! Bitches got the pimp juice too Come to think about it - dirty, they got mo' than we do They got mo' - juice in they talk, got mo' juice in they walk They got mo' - juice in they veins, OOH GOD DAMN! I tell you man it's a cryin shame.. .. how people use, the juice in vein - you hear me mayne Pimp juice is color blind You find it work on all color creeds and kinds From ages 50 right down to 9 The Mayor of Nellyville and I won't resign, watch me recline Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha? You really wanna put your feet on my rug, don'tcha? You're in a hurry - SLOW DOWN - bitch I got all night Matter fact, stand on my left boo - I know you ain't right [Chorus] w/ minor variations [ad libs to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Air Force Ones Typed by: freddaballer@netscape.net [Intro] Big boy.. Big boy.. Big boy I said give me two pair (cause) I need two pair So I can get to stompin in my air force ones (Big boys) stompin in my air force ones [Nelly] I like the all white high top strap with the gum bottom (Big boy) There's somthin bout 'em, now dirty that's why I got 'em (Big boy) I leave 'em strapped and laced and come up out 'em (Big boy) The last person that touched 'em I been shot 'em  [Kyjuan] (Big boy) Now if you look, and see lime green Forces, it's Kiwi (Big boy) You couldn't get this color if you had a personal genie (Big boy) (Big boy) you know I keeps it hip-hop, my niggas flip flop (Big boy) Yea my Force Ones in tip top (me) your 4-4 flip flops [Ali] (Big boy) Me? I like the limited edition, and khaki, and army green (Big boy) Patent leather pin stripe you should see how I do the strings (Big boy) Size twelve with the strap, red and white with a cardinal cap (Big boy) All flavors but it just depend on when and where I'm at  [Murphy Lee] (Big boy) Don't get me wrong man, and Murphy Lee ain't dumb man (Big boy) Cause if the shoe is on the shelf you should have some man (Big boy) You can not sit up and tell me that you have none man (Big boy) You may not have three or four but you got one man (big boy) [Chorus x2] [Murphy Lee] We up in Foot Locker I'm lookin like I need those (Big boy) Ten in a half and if you got 'em give me two of those (Big boy) I can tell she never seen murphy lee befo' (Big boy) Cause she's just standin there as if I'm shootin free throws (Big boy) I said, "Excuse me miss I only wanna buy shoes" (Big boy) She said, "I love you Murph especially in the white 'n blue" (Big boy) I said, The white 'n blue sound nice make it twice" (Big boy) And I signed an (yo) autograph (yo), "Thanks for the advice" [Ali] (Big boy) I keep it real dirty, dirty you know how I do (Big boy) Purple in gold with the Lakers the broncos the orange in blue (Big boy) I like 'em floppy with ankle socks Lows mids and high tops, (big boy) which are clear so But this tims and fat laces with it is cold (Big boy) But when the winter go (burrr) and the hot summer flow (Big boy) Then it's back to the all purpose wit them lil' dots in the toe (Big boy) Then I'm stopping this dough that I'm spending fa sho (Big boy) On dem Nike Air Force, an "E" behind the "O"      [Kyjuan] (Big boy) O-kay Lee, I treat my shoe like my ride (Big boy) Chrome on the fat laces at what wood on the inside (Big boy) Spray candy on the swoosh, with the electric roof (Big boy) Since I put a kit on the sole, I got a whiter shoe (Big boy) You see that low-mid Skittle purple coupe I'm drivin in (Big boy) (Kyjuan, were you getting dem colors, are you dyin them) (Big boy) Ten is my size in dem, no point in tyin dem (Big boy) Ain't no point in tryin these on, you know I'm buyin dem [Nelly] (Big boy) Now don't nothing get the hype on first site like, white on whites (Big boy) Them three quarters too loose, they all tight (Big boy) The only problem they only good for one night (Big boy) Cause once you scuff 'em you fucked up your whole night (Big boy) What's my basis? The look up sto on his faces (Big boy) This kid's outrageous, he's buyin them by the cases (Big boy) Cause once I cop 'em gut 'em and switch the laces (Big boy) They all purpose ya heard me kinda like my datin (big boy) [Chorus x2] [Kyjuan] I wore spurs at first now theres tape on dem (Big boy) Damn, when those came out? So I write the date on them (Big boy) These Louie for Taiwan you gotta wait on dem (Big boy) I had to get em early so I spent more cake on dem [Murphy Lee] (Big boy) Look I'm tryin to keep it up like a one minute man (Big boy) While Ali on the Kawasaki two head bands (Big boy) Jewelry and all (wow) fish bowlin 'em all (Big Boy) (I got some fifteens) security buyin shoes and all [Nelly] (Big boy) Now some time I get em free some time I gotta pay (Big boy) Walk in the mall and they now what I'm bout to say (Big boy) Gimme the black and platinum, and leather gray (Big boy) Ones in the back and (yo) the pair you got on display (check) [Ali] (Big boy) Now where da boxes where I keep mine (keep mine) You should peep mine (Big boy), (beep mine) Maybe once or twice but never three times (Big boy) I'm just a sneaker pro, I love pumas and shell toes (Big boy) but cant nothin compare to a fresh crispy white pearl (big boy) [Chorus x2] Big boy.. Big boy.. Big boy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: On the Grind Typed by: chrischaney@fuse.net * * send corrections to the typist Uh...yea...swing  Nel my dirty Jacob Yea Come on [Hook] [Nelly] Now if you gonna ride  Get inside lets roll If you runnin yo mouth then Shit then shut my door  I ain't got nothing on my hands but time Tell me were you the one that's on the grind If you gonna ride  Get inside lets roll If you runnin yo mouth then Shit then shut my door  I ain't got nothing on my hands but time Tell me were you the one that's on the grind Check it was it you that was on the grind dirty They actin like they really want it with me Trust me they don't really want it they just want to be seen They wanna disrupt my team with these publicity schemes  Tryin' to dismantle my panel with lies rumors and scandals But uh I pull through it like I'm tuggin a war I tell ya the situation like I been here before I'm still popin dirty still smokin point clickin  Watchin the doors open  No jokin e'rything remotin No chokin or bleedin this ride is for free No matter what u got your dying for free Automatically I'm focused like 35 millimeters All of the sudden like such and such wanna meet us All of the sudden like such and such wanna greet us The same will you believe us  Now they all tryin to cheat us  In real life they can't beat us Some time they try to repeat us  [Hook] Why is they yackin like they fuckin with these? (I don't know) Why is they stuntin like they holdin the keys? (tell me) Them type of people don't be holdin no heat (naw) Then how the fuck they gon be rollin with me (uh) Dude how the hell you ain't gonna waste yo time (wait yo time) Yo mouth gonna fuck around and gonna waste yo time (ey) I don't them nigga that ain't gonna grind When its peso time come out and take yo shine dirty  I'm the same nigga that's outta control (outta control) I put a little malinger out on the roll (ey) The bigger it just got the calico I been cockin and loadin I been poppin in fours (uh) Set that aside cuz I gotta get those (gotta get those) The finest shit then what you proud of me for (tell me) The dirty either you gonna ride or you don't (uh) Inside there's more shit if not we're gone nigga [Hook] uh uh uh uh uh uh you tell em Watch me now I'm spiffy now Smoke sticky now and the Mrs. pick me now You tell 'em watch me now I'm spiffy now Smoke sticky now and the Mrs. pick me now Well if said it I done it if I done it I did it And if I, And if I want it if don't put it against it  The way that I should spend it to get just how I should All money ain't good money but no money ain't good I took the hood tactics and plot with musical talents Tryin to create a balance In between Minnesota and Dallas Never matters when I'm speakin If you peepin just let me know I'm guaranteed to keep it crackin just like eggs hittin the flo I'm dottin just wanna be I ask Clippin the wings I wanna fly ass Only Q and D. Miles can look down on me Maybe I should bee bee in my head  I puts it down homie [Hook x2] You tell em watch me now I'm spiffy now Smoke sticky now and the Mrs. pick me now You tell em watch me now I'm spiffy now Smoke sticky now and the Mrs. pick me now ey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Kelly Rowland Album: Nellyville Song: Dilemma Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kelly Rowland] I.. love you, and I.. need you Nelly I.. love you, I do.. neeeeed you - but [Chorus: Kelly Rowland] No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, boy y'know you know I'm crazy over you No matter what I do, all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, y'know I'm crazy over you [Nelly] Check it, check it, check it, uhh I met this chick and she just moved right up the block from me And uhh, she got the hots for me the finest thing my hood done seen But oh no, oh no, she gotta a man and a son, doh'ohhh, but that's okay Cause I, wait for my cue and just listen, play my position Like a shortstop, pick up e'rything mami hittin And in no time.. (no time) I.. I plan to make this one here mi-i-ne.. and that's for sure Cause I, I never been the type to, break up a happy home But uh, there's somethin bout baby girl I just can't leave alone So tell me ma what's it gonna be? She said (You don't know what you mean to me) C'mon! [Nelly] Check it, check it, check it, uhh I see a lot and you look and I never say a word I know how niggaz start actin trippin out herre about they girls And there's no way-ayy-hey, Nelly gon' fight over (I ain't fightin over NO dame) no day-hey-ame.. as you can see But I, I like your steez, your style, your whole demeanor The way you come through and holla and swoop me in his 2-seater Now that's gangstah-ah-ahhh.. And I got special ways to thank yah-ah-ahh.... don't you forget it But uh, it ain't that easy for you to pack and leave him But uh, you and dirty got ties for different reasons I respect that and right before I turn to leave, she said.. she said.. (You don't know what you mean to me) she said.. she said, c'mon! [Nelly] Sing it for me K [Kelly Rowland] I.. love you (word?) and I.. need you Nelly I.. love you, I do.. (c'mon girl) And it's more than you'll.. ever know Boy.. it's fo'sho You can always count on my love Foreveeeeer more, yeahh-yeahh.. [Nelly] East coast, I know you shakin right Down South, I know you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me) [Nelly] East coast, I know you shakin right Down South, I know you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me) East coast, you still shakin right Down South, I see you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me) [Nelly] East coast, I know you shakin right Down South, I know you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me) East coast, you still shakin right Down South, I see you bouncin right West coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right (You don't know what you mean to me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Splurge Typed by: sk8flip321@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist You see the magazines and Me on your TV screens and You think you know me but you really dont (You dont even know) But I, I'm feelin good about myself, so I, I splurge a lil' hell You see the money and The cars and diamonds and you You think it make me but it really dont (It really really dont) But I, I'm feelin good about myself, so I, I splurge a lil' hell I think the time has come, for me to have some fun I'm bout to peel back the top go on and let in the sun What the fuck I done done, my mamma's only son I went from slangin and bangin to yellin number one I love my fans to death, until my last breath Thats why when I perform I give until there's nothing left No competition, my opposition gonna feel the pain More complications, relationships ain't gonna be the same Do they want the fame, and all that it can bring If they attracted to Nelly then who like Cornell Haynes I'm poppin collars from California to D.C. I'm in the VIP, Louis bottles and Hennessey I'm putting mileage on 20 inches and 23's I'm flippin out my keys, I'm flippin down the screens I'm bout to spread my wings, tryin to fulfill my dreams With anything that I want, if I dont I got the means You think you know me but you really dont know Peep I could walk through the club like everything be fo sho And I'll get, one lil' girl, two lil' girls tryin yo get me to dance, I'll get, three lil' girls, four lil' girls pullin at my pants, damn It feels good when errthing is okay And its a beautiful site when errthing goes your way And I could park in the mountains and i'll still get valet Hop out in a Vokal valour and my suede Bally's I'm feeling good its only right I deserve To spread the love through all my peeps, its only right that I splurge And any nigga trippin now I leave him right by the curb And I dont go to sleep mama so good night and good word I'm on a mission and its sort a like a mystery And I aint stopping til' I go down in history Now who ever said you knows, you dealing with a pimp fo sho The N-E double L-Y follow now, now here we go You read the magazines, and heard I made a scene Believe it or not, I swear I'm just a human being I'm doing human things, cuz only humans change They label me a role model cuz I appeal to teens It really ain't that strange, now that I think about it I came up in the game, changed everything about it I'm feelin better then ever without that Lotto shit I wake up early hit Cuda, like lets go by some shit You dress the hottest fits, driven the hottest whips We've got the baddest chicks, we with the whitest kicks Donating money to family's caught in Bin Laden's shit They screaming war, I'm like fuck it, go buy a battleship And bring it up that Mississipi, if you really wanna come than get me Tell them niggaz that a, don't tempt me Cuz I'll squeeze them shits til' empty Throw shouts at nigga like frisbee Who the juice? How the hell you gonna pimp me? You niggaz must be kidding me, make an innocent nigga plead guilty [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Work It Typed by: denise14041@attbi.com Let's go oh Baby Show Something Don't say nothing (Don't you say a word) I just want to See you work it (Come on baby work it for me) That ain't frontin Show me something (Let me see it girl) I just try to See you work it (I just wanna see you work it for me) [Verse One] I heard her talking loud but she ain't saying nothing What up with all the frontin come on and show me sumthin You know you wanna do it, go ahead yo man ain't coming Please do that thing when you dippin Keep yo hips poppin, what's up with all these questions And what planning baby You talking to me like you talking to an adolescent I like to - jump off, jump off Clothes - come off, come off Her place, freaky beats, and so and so on Let your waist pop when the bass knock I flood the watch to the top 'til it's no clock Cant even tell the time, but you know it's mine What time is it ma? Its twenty karats after nine Are you dehydrated? Well let me quench your thirst First thing first, let's do what we rehearsed Know dem numbers now, it show be break break it Get up and take a stance and let me see ya Baby Show Something Don't say nothing (Don't you say a word) I just want to See you work it (Come on baby work it for me) That ain't frontin Show me something (Let me see it girl) I just try to See you work it (I just wanna see you work it for me) [Verse Two] She still talking loud but she ain't saying nothing Why you ain't moving ma, DJ ain't playing nothing You tell him to, play this heere until these speakers blow Birthdays pick a place, baby we can go I like yo adllics, she showing no back She showing up attacks, you wouldn't know It's like you ghetto ghetto, she bourghetto zhetto She 5'5 brown eyes, in stiletto, letto (Baby)  Well did you come alone, or you got 2 or 3 That ain't no thang baby girl cause I got 2 with me And we gon' all kick it, and you about to see Just what a day would be if you were in the ride with me Turning on the headlights, and we be Running all the red lights Those fool steal my head, and ain't no stopping now Now come on heere and drop cause he gon' tell why Baby Show Something Don't say nothing (Don't you say a word) I just want to See you work it (Come on baby work it for me) That ain't frontin Show me something (Let me see it girl) I just try to See you work it (I just wanna see you work it for me) Now all my midwest shorties, come on do that thang Dance with me, dance with me yeah And all my down South shorties, come on do that thang Come On Come On Come On Come On Come On And all my East coast shorties, come on do that thang Dance with me, dance with me yeah And all my west coast shorties Come on do that thang Come On Come On Come On Come On Come On [Verse Three] She still talking loud but I heere her better now She keep a thong print on in any weather now No sight of a band but I can hear the horns playing Da Dat Da Dat Da Dum She got me hypmotize just like that thicky guy Cause she been trying to prove her point since we been inside So we can get it on, just wait 'til we get home I'm on something, call my partner J, momma come on Baby Show Something Don't say nothing (Don't you say a word) I just want to See you work it (Come on baby work it for me) That ain't frontin Show me something (Let me see it girl) I just try to See you work it (I just wanna see you work it for me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Beanie Sigel, Freeway, Murphy Lee Album: Nellyville Song: Roc the Mic - Remix Typed by: PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - Beanie]  You know we hadda do a remix right? Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! All you Young Gunnerz! Hey Just, this the one right here baby! I told you dawg! Its B Sig in the place with State P and we got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah! Still watch what you say to B. Sig  cause I still will knock your ass the fuck out [Verse 1 - Beanie (Freeway)] I bring the hood when I'm travelin Scrap backwoods unravelin Scrap smoke good when we travelin Forget the Mac's cause the K's fit good in the Caravan I clap up your hood like the hammer man Bring your gat, better bust it if you get that close Scared to clap better strap your folks (strap...your...folks) Who want beef with State P... Enemies try to speak to me Negative they don't get that close [Verse 2 - Freeway (Beanie)] Its Free, listen Blow trees with Mac Mittens  (No we didn't) Yes we did!  (Switch beginnings) Smith and Wesson precision Bring the broads down with ribbons  (Leave a mess in your crib) Not a brave nigga?  (Fuckin with some made niggas) Hit him with the AK nigga  (Free no you didn't) Yes I did Overpayed shit? Wait a minute... When this fakin, snatch the cake up out his crib  (Then slide, uh) I'm like the baker with your pies  (Then rise) Set up shop and distribute where you live It's Freeway in the place with my squad and we got what it takes to DUMP the K FLIP your ride! [Chrous 1 - Beanie] Its B Sig in the place with State P and I got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah! Still watch what you say to Young Free  cause 50 shots still will turn the club out [Chorus 2 - Freeway] Its Freeway in the place with State P and we got what it takes to the rock the mic right Yeah! Still watch what you say to B Sig cause we got what it takes to dump the D-E [Chorus 3 - Nelly] Its Nelly in the place with Murph Lee and I got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah! You better watch what you say around herre cause theres somethin on my waste to make the whole place break [Chorus 4 - Murphey Lee] Its Murph dun in the place with Nelly and I got what it takes to rock the mic right Yeah! You better watch what you say to my face cause I got what it takes to shake the whole place [Verse 3 - Murphey Lee] Murphy Lee's eighteen entertainin 'em Twenty-one when I'm clubbin it Fake ID for the fuck of it I'm just a school boy, somewhat new boy If you can't get Nelly you'a settle for who boy? Two toy carrier, two stashes One truck that seats six asses 22's to confuse the masses Remove glasses, blow smoke up in my ashes I used to drive my mama stuff Now the school boy puttin twenties on the Bomb Pop truck I make rappers go back to the block They be like "maybe I was better off selling rocks" I'm Murphey Lee in the place to be punk and I got enough skunk to fill the whole blunt I take trips with chumps up in my trunk and I take em real far to a safe place to dump [Verse 4 - Nelly] Down down, I'm witcha dirty go head and lay down Finance a pay-down, heard what I said now? See how I procede with caution My whip crack fast all you niggas is horses Randy Moss', I play when I wanna Nut check, gut check, cause I say what I wanna Around six in the six with the throwback Sixers, number six Julius Irv' Cris and the herb, make it hard to swerve Throw your hands up; if you didn't bang your rim on the curb You couldn't hit while you was makin a turn I strike a nerve in old MC's wantin a comeback I got the strength that he's lost and that's fact Like K - "Know" one here even said your name R - You really feelin guilty bout somethin mayn S - Sad to see you really just want just One - more hit please please! You the first old man should get a rapper's pension No hits since the cordless mic invention I'm snitchin; matter fact, stay the fuck out the kitchen Nelly kickin with too many dimensions Midwest, and we aim about mid-chest Duked on my side, too many in my tribe Coupe outside who the fuck want a ride? [Chorus 3] [Chorus 2] [Outro - Freeway (to fade)] All a y'all need to one yo self Go get the burner nigga clap yo-self! All a y'all need to one yo self Go get the burner nigga clap yo-self! Yeah! Its the, its the Roc nigga Ho! Ho! Ho! Ho! And another one... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: The Gank Typed by: IntRnati0nLP1aya7@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: talking in the background] [Verse 1: Nelly] Come on Wooooooooo Shit Lord have mercy I never felt this way before And she's all that I need and more Her hips and waist belongs to me It often makes me write on my dreams If I knew there was only nine She's still might be around because I (I) can't go on Oh no I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without her My life just won't (it won't) be the same I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without Woooooooooo Shit Lord have mercy [Verse 2: Nelly] I Never thought that i would be So caught up i wouldnt see Just who would go to war for me And take out two or three so easily I give up everything to see if I found you (baby girl) Cause it don't mean shit without you cause [Chorus w/ talking in the background] I (I) can't go on Oh no I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without Her (without) My life just won't (it won't) be the same I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without Woooooooooo Shit Lord have Mercy [Verse 3: Nelly] I gave her everything she ever needed That why it shocked me when she said she was leavin I wanted to find out what was going on cause I'm thinkin to myself man something wrong Smokin one day it hit me kinda fast That I needed to check my stash {*talking in the background*} cause I I (I) can't go on Oh no I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without her (without her) My life just won't (it won't) be the same I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without cause I I (I) can't go on Oh no I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without her (without her) My life just won't (it won't) be the same I tell you what am I gonna do now (Hey) Without Woooooooooooooooo Lord have mercy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville/Training Day soundtrack Song: #1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uh uh uh I just gotta bring it to they attention dirty, that's all.. [Nelly] You better watch who you talkin bout; runnin your mouth, like you know me You gon' fuck around and show why the "Show Me" get called the "Show Me" Why one-on-one you can't hold me if your last name was Haynes Only way you wear me out is stitch my name on your pants No resident of France; but you swear I'm from Paris Hundred-six karats - total? Naw that's per wrist Trying to compurr this - my chain to yo' chain I'm like Sprint or Motorola - no service, out of your range You out of your brains, thinkin I'ma shout out your name You gotta come up with better ways than that to catch your fame All that pressure you applyin it's time to ease off  Before I hit you from the blindside takin your sleeves off As much as we's floss, still hard to please boss Don't be lyin bitchin and cryin - suck it up as a loss Cause your, acts is wack, your whole label is wack And matter fact, eh eh-eh eh a-hold that [Chorus: Nelly] I.. am.. number one - no matter if you like it Here take it sit down and write it I.. am.. number one Hey hey hey hey hey hey - now let me ask you man What does it take to be number one? Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers (hey) What does it take to be number one? Hey hey hey hey.. [unknown girl] Do you like it when I shake it for ya, daddy? Move it all around? Let you get a peep before it touches the ground? [Nelly] Hell yeah ma I love a girl that's willin to learn Willin to get in the driver's seat and willin to turn And not concerned about that he say, she say, did he say what I think he said? Squash that, he probably got that off eBay Or some, Internet access some, website chat line Mad cause I got mine, don't wind up on the flat line Ohh if my uncle could see me know If he could see how many rappers wanna be me now Straight emulatin my style right to the "down down" Can't leave out the store now better wait 'til they calm down I got hella shorties, comin askin, "Yo where the party?" Ohh lordy - will I continue to act naughty? Mixing Cris' and Bacardi, got me thinkin fo' sho' I'm not a man of many words but there's one thing I know - pimp I.. am.. number one - no matter if you like it Here take it sit down and write it Hey I.. am.. number one Hey hey hey hey hey hey - now tell me now dirty What does it take to be number one? Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers Tell me - what does it take to be number one? Hey hey hey hey.. [Nelly] Check it, uhh, check, yo Aiyyo I'm tired of people judgin what's real Hip-Hop Half the time you be them niggaz who fuckin album flop YOU KNOW! Boat done sank and it ain't left the dock C'MON! Mad cause I'm hot; HE JUST - mad cause he not You ain't gotta gimme my props, just gimme the yachts Gimme my rocks, and keep my fans comin in flocks 'Til you top the Superbowl, keep your mouth on lock Shhhhh.. {*crickets*} I'm awake, ha ha ha! I'm cocky on the mic but I'm humble in real life Taking nothin for granted blessin e'rything on my life Trying to see a new light at the top of the roof Baby name not Sigel but I speak +The Truth+ I heat the booth - Nelly actin so uncouth Top down shirt off in the coupe, spreadin the loot With my family and friends, and my closest of kin And I'll do it again if it means I'ma win Dirty I.. am.. number one - no matter if you like it Here take it sit down and write it Hey I.. am.. number one Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Dirty what does it take to be number one? Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers EY! - what does it take to be number one? Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Heyyyy I.. am.. number one I.. am.. number one What does it take to be number one? Two is not a winner and three nobody remembers What does it take to be number one? Hey hey hey hey hey hey I.. am.. number one Uhh uhh uh, uh uh uhh-uh uh Listen I I, I I I-I number one.. Yeah, yeah, yeah I I, I I, number one.. The two is not a winner and three nobody remembers .. number one Cause two is not a winner and three nobody remembers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Nellyville Song: CG 2 Typed by: dALuNaTiC06@yahoo.com [Nelly] I tell ya what Yo, know what I'm feelin'? Check it.. [Chorus ] Mmmm.. I'm comin' back down baby  This time in the six fo'  (Since we came down wit mo' sho' than the first time I thought I'd go trade the Rover in for a six fo' this time) A lil' mo' sho', listen to the switches go Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  Mmmm.. I'm comin' back down baby This time in the six fo' A lil' mo' doe, listen to the switches go Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  [Verse: Nelly] You can find me, same city, same state Carryin' more weight, fishin' wit more bait More license plates than your DMV Takin' more total request than your MTV Errry, gaga, they call me Dada The rookie wanna signin' bonus for the punana But my, salary cap won't allow me to give her nada  I guess she be a free agent until she find anotha Call it fresh, for the D's on my ATV's And if I squeeze niggas fallin' like they last name Keys Dirties please, watch me as I switch my steez First name GMC, last name Denali Why the change? Yu-kon not fuck wit me Eight batteries, four pumps where the trunk should be I hear the conversations, about Nelly he overrated  I'm feelin' like Chris, slightly a little violated [Verse: Ali] Now what you lease I pay cash for, lit up like the dashboard Went from the PJ's to livin' off passports What the cash for? Me to spend Like the rims on the Benz while you pretend to got I fuck twins from the back end Back to the club and backed in Went to the back end gotta announce we back in The place where my crew go, iced out Jesus face and Parasucco Bread sick I need your Pluto Black Menudo, in the candy black two-door BMW Sport, check the Robb Report What you thought it was a rental? Yea, them seats swivel  Cats be killin' me talkin' ballin' and can't dribble  Bits in the Kibble, mnage trois was civil Crystal y'all, head from all, 18 ta' 80 bar Hit the mall nigga, and shop 'till we fall And the bitches y'all be lovin' won't even bother to call [Chorus: 2x] Mmmm.. I'm comin' back down baby This time in the six fo' A lil' mo' doe, listen to the switches go Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  [Verse: Kyjuan] I'm comin' down down, baby, duck when you see me When Kyjuan comin' the spray, yo it ain't graffiti No I don't eat bullets, but I'll feed the needy Throwup a L, but I won't smoke a L at the city Truck is big, tires is meaty, yes indeedy Excursion, lime-green so I know that you'll see me Ky-Weeze done brought them cars out  No doubt, like numba' 3 on Free City CD It not a game, I went from a GS to a LS And LS don't mean low self-esteem So clean, cats think I sip Ajax suit Vokal Nights mis-match , hard from Zat I smoke herb, but what's the harm in that? Hey Mr. Officer, where Clarence Harmen at? Only got caught once, where my warnin' at? Been in St. Louis all my life, ain't seen a farmer yet [Verse: Murphy Lee] (Back in 1993) Was when a school boy decided to be an MC (See some said no, others said fa' sho) And now we comin' back down, this time in a six fo' Zoop zoop, open ya mind up for this lineup  No, we don't pitch but rich is how we wind up Situations, entrepreneurs get dollars and new toys (wait 'till they get a load of my Impala!) We back back, matter fact goin' down down You people need to calm down, Spreewells only goin' round Actin' like you neva' seen a car dance befo' They be askin' how does it feel like D' Angelo (how does it feel) Picture wakin' up, all weed, bomb weed palm trees, no kickin' it on the beach Have to work all day, dirty, 3 P.M. to 3  But at your local ATM you can find Murphy Lee [Chorus: 3x] Mmmm.. I'm comin' back down baby This time in the six fo' A lil' mo' doe, listen to the switches go Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop  Zoop, zoop.. zoop zoop zoop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nellyville Song: Say Now Typed by: XxDeNz11xX@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nelly] Gun shots ringed out over the city And had everybody duckin and runnin checkin for any Kinda shelter cause them peoples man they at it again If you aint heard or seen it then you better pretend Aint got no time for stoppin aint no catchin your wind Ya baby mammas on the porch tellin her daughters "come in"  Got fathers grabbin sons "where the hell have you been?" Boy and y'all just startin young I'm talkin 13 and 10  They started tradin in the streets some type of ghetto battles But they aint hoopin in the gym they hoopin crates in the alleys Where else can you shoot a jump shot  Slang a rock all from the same spot? Got one gang on this half the other gang on the other half of the same block Gunplay on Monday  Sundays a fun day Will it stop one day?  I cant call it no way  When your gettin started everybody wanna help and get you off But turn around first motherfuckers wanna see you fall  Say now (say now) Can you hoes come out to play now? (play now)  Say now (say now) Can you hoes come out to play now? (play now) Say now (na na na na)  Can you hoes come out to play now? (na na na na na na na na) Say now (na na na na)  Can you hoes come out Na wait a minute na wait a minute na wait a minute na  [Hook: 2x] Feel like I'm runnin for the daylight Tryin ta get my mind right And just before I die will somebody reach out and snatch it from me  Say now  Can you hoes come out to play now?  [Nelly] (Hear me out) Tryin ta put my city on the map and they mad at me  The same city some of them live in and they mad at me  When I come down to speak dirty why you mad at me?  Is it cause the old school freaked out niggas from A to Z? Eight cd's,tv's, I aim to please  They mean the same to me like Biggie to C's  Like Easy to E's, Tupac to overseas  And I done seen more Lia fans fall cry to their knees  I tell ya, I aint been livin this life for too long  And I cant count how many times someone has asked me what's wrong Why my mother was gone Why my dady wasnt home  And the same shit they told me I found myself tellin my own  Now its good-bye bad nights  Hello good times  There aint no way Ill let no nigga step in my shine Keep tryin (keep tryin)  Theres bound ta be somethin G As long as I'm in STL  You in the TIC I'll tell ya [Hook] Hear me out now Say now (echose) (4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ E-40 Album: Da Derrty Versions - The Reinvention Song: Country Grammar (E-40 Remix) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Nelly] Aight, yeah (Hot shit!) [Verse 1 - E-40] + (Nelly) E-40 (um I'm goin) Let me breathe on ya man Let me speak upon a man Let me teach you somethin about this game (mmhmm) Let me show you how to swing push pedal, that candy cane On the turf where the law can't scare me (yeah) Pushin that candy, drinkin that brandy Livin that turf, like me and my family Pimp tryna make a dollar outta fifteen cent Bustas on the corner of the block gettin bent Me and my folks we on one (on one) We don't be trippin off that (nothin) Players about to be somethin (somethin) A music and beat be somethin (somethin) Where the Louie at man, where the Louie the thirteenth E-40 and the Lunatics off to drink Lookin for the chicks in hot pink I'm so throwed I need a shrink I'm so throw, throwin up in the sink Right back up with the bunnies and Henn Gettin that hunny with the peaches and cream Not a main thing, but a one night flang Do my thug things, livin off the king pin Household thug, for all up in my business 26 inch chrome rims spin Don't check me, check your chick man (Nelly: yeah, hot shit!) Boss floss (boss floss) You lose you lost (you lose you lost) True false (true false) Hoes cost (hoes cost) What do I look like spendin my yay But man hunny better pay me paper man Man I'm a honey mackin Hillside hustler man The Hillside didn't raise no buster man [Verse 2 - Nelly] Mmmmm, you can find me, in St. Louis rollin on dubs Smokin on dubs in clubs, blowin up like Cocoa Puffs Sippin Bud, gettin perved and gettin dubbed Daps and hugs, mean mugs and shoulder shrugs And it's all because, 'ccumulated enough scratch just to navigate it, wood decorated on chrome and it's candy painted, fans fainted - while I'm entertainin Wild ain't it? How me and money end up hangin Plus I hang with Hannibal Lector (HOT SHIT!) So feel me when I bring it, sing it loud (what?) I'm from the Lou and I'm proud Run a mile - for the cause, I'm righteous above the law Playa my style's raw, I'm "Born to Mack" like Todd Shaw Forget the fame and the glamour Give me D's with a rubber hammer My grammar be's ebonics, gin, tonic and chronic Fuck bionic it's ironic, "Slammin" niggaz like Onyx Lunatics 'til the day I die, I run more game than the Bulls and Sonics [Chorus - Nelly] Hmmmmm I'm goin down down baby, yo street in a Range Rover (c'mon) Street sweeper baby, cocked ready to let it go (HOT SHIT!) Shimmy shimmy cocoa what? Listen to it pound Light it up and take a puff, pass it to me now I'm goin down down baby, yo street in a Range Rover Street sweeper baby, cocked ready to let it go Shimmy shimmy cocoa what? Listen to it pound Light it up and take a puff, pass it to me now [Verse 3 - Nelly] Who say pretty boys can't be wild niggaz? Loud niggaz, O.K. Corral niggaz Foul niggaz, run in the club and bust in the crowd nigga How nigga? Ask me again and it's goin down nigga Now nigga, come to the circus and watch me clown nigga Pound niggaz, what you be givin when I'm around nigga Frown niggaz, talkin shit when I leave the town nigga Say now, can you hoes come out to play now Hey I'm, ready to cut you up any day now Play by, my rules Boo and you gon' stay high May I, answer yo +Third Question+ like A.I Say hi, to my niggaz left in the slammer From St. Louis to Memphis, from Texas back up to Indiana Chi-Town, K.C., Motown to Alabama L-A, New York Yankee niggaz to Hotlanta 'ouisiana, all my niggaz with "Country Grammar" Smokin blunts in Savannah Blow thirty mill' like I'm Hammer [Verse 4 - Nelly] Let's show these cats how to make these milli-ons So you niggaz quit actin silly, mon +Kid+ quicker than +Billy+, mon Talkin really and I need it mon Flows I kick 'em freely mon, 'specially off Remi, mon Keys to my Beemer, mon - holla at Beenie Man See me, mon, cheifin rollin deeper than any mon through Jennings mon, through U-City back up to Kingsland With nice niggaz, sheist niggaz who snatch yo life niggaz Trife niggaz, who produce and sell the same beat twice, nigga (HOT SHIT!) Ice niggaz, all over close to never sober From broke to havin bro-kers my price Range is Rover Now I'm knockin like Jehovah - let me in now, let me in now Bill Gates, Donald Trump let me in now Spin now, I got money to lend my friends now We in now, candy Benz, Kenwood and 10"s now I win now (Whoo!) fuckin lesbian twins now Seein now, through the pen I make my ends now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Da Derrty Versions Song: Iz U Typed by: bangdan@yahoo.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Nelly] She said iz u iz or you ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't Iz u iz or iz u ain't [Chorus: 2x] She said iz u iz or iz u ain't Gon' give me a ride She said iz that 'chu wit the Lamborghini  Iz that yo car parked outside Yeah that's my car girl And if you won't to you could gon' (go on) But lemme know if it's getting too late And if not then I could catch me anotha [Verse 1- Nelly] Yeah I heard you got a man I ain't trippin' off that, looka herre Believe me I understand Don't wanna break up ya lil' happy home Just wanna be a friend (You know) Gonna pick you up and take you to lunch or somethin' I'll leave it up to you if I'ma touch or somethin' Ya wanna cut or somethin' Ya just let me know We ain't bout no game Now when I say we I mean the whole St. Lou We good (good) good thangs (good thangs) Ain't got no problems bout lettin' 'em loose Ma, I ain't got no change Big spaces out churr like a hundred yards I got credit cards You can charge 'em all (boo) I know you heard me on your radi-o Now ya home right Try'na steal my cray-z (crazy) flow Mo unless you bitin' But I'm hurr(here) to let (to let) you know (you know) Just don't make no sense when you hatin' on me Cuz what i am you try'na be (And uuhhhh) you can find me on magic dot I'm talking in N-E-double L dot Y I stop (stop) bombs (bombs) what the hell You might as well I drop (drop) bombs (bombs) On any motherfuckers who ain't throwin' wit us You ain't throwin' wit us You ain't flowin' wit us Shut the do' (door) on that nigga he ain't rollin' wit us [Chorus: 2x] [Verse 2] We spending money like whatever (whatever) You see me poppin' bottles at the bar It feels like now or never (never) Please don't put 'cha bet down mo' If it ain't four or better I'm talking Pete Rose at the end of the road Playboy fuck what you was told Watch....me and my dirty City scoped the whole hood We be lookin' for the ones in tight jeans The lust (the lust) never good I'm like the Apple Bottom high tight things Ain't disrespectin' (ahhh) didn't good I didn't cause you harm But I was reachin' for your arm When you walked past And I missed and I grabbed your ass My bizzard Feels like I'm learnin' 35 In a A3 cup in a Deezeevees Whatever I desire (desire) I want a 600 coupe wit the laser cut key Before (before) I retire Baby girl I got to have it all 8 cars in a stall Them planks down the hall Where the draws gon' fall Coolest nigga ever seen (seen) It ain't shit my nigga I'll show ya Ones on triple-beam Let it on out baby girl don't you know I love to hear you scream Wanna hit it a lil' harder Somethin' like a daughter I finally caught her Lil' chicky like a fish outta water (water water) [Chorus: 2x] [Verse 3] Now ladies put your hands up And bounce with me now Fellas put your hands down And smack a lil' ass with me now Gon' give that girl the eye And tell 'em meet u outside Cuz we ain't got nowhurr to (gooo but home) And see about the curb (the curb) Go on get your friend's baby girl Im likin' (like it) when you swerve (you swerve) Tell me can you drive a stick If not (if not) can you learn (you learn) Cuz you comin' on me like bitch the first time Give me your birth date and your birth sign (scorpio) Same as mine I'll meet you down the street (the street) On natural bridge down the King's highway We will chill in (chillin') with my peeps (my peeps) That L-U-N-A-T-I-C Oh you fo' reel We're not filthy rich but we could use a bath Let a chick take half Don't want that math And I speak on behalf of my whole damn staff I can see (see) what you thinkin' You know you want it as bad as I do Tell me (tell me) what you drinkin' Pimp Juice? Oh I got a case of that too And that shit stankin' (stankin') Like Cali chronic for them LA boys That purple haze for them glassy jars Fuck Lana, baby I want Mo [Chorus: 4x] And bounce with me now Smack a lil' ass with me now Tell 'em meet you outside Cuz we got nowhere to goo... but home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Da Derrty Versions Song: E.I. (David Banner Remix) Typed by: gggg_g_unit@hotmail.com [Intro] Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Shake dat ass (pop it, pop it) Shake dat ass (pop it, pop it) Shake dat ass (pop it, pop it) Shake dat ass (pop it, pop it) Shake dat ass (pop it, pop it) Shake dat ass (pop it, pop it) [Hook] Said it must be ya ass cause it ain't ya face I need a tipdrill, I need a tipdrill I said it must be ya ass cause it ain't ya face I need a tipdrill, I need a tipdrill Said if ya see a tipdrill point her out, where she at Point her out, where she at Point her out, there she goooooes Said if ya see a tipdrill point her out, where she at Point her out, where she at Point her out, there she goooooes [Verse 1] I'ma sucka for corn rows and manicured toes (hey!) And Applebottom capri's and Parasuco's (alright!) High saddity or city, with one or two clothes I'm draftin 'em right out of highschool straight into the pros Who knows, I knows (eh!) I love it when you be makin your knees touch your elbows Takin it down low To the flo', and there you go Now throw it on me slow And er'ytime I +Busta Rhyme+, baby Gimme Some Mo You say you likin that When I be hittin it from behind and I be rightin back Ye that's my very next line when I be speakin my mind I spit the same game to a pigeon or fine dime (eh!) Talkin that shit about the 'Tics Somebody pro'lly jealous cause they bitch got hit But ain't nobody else talking shit like this Should we apologize? (Hell nah! Hell nah!) We be like undele, undele, mami E.I. E.I. (oh oooooh!) What's poppin tonight? Undele, undele, mami E.I. E.I. (oh ooooooh!) Well if the head right, I be there er'ynight Undele, undele, mami E.I. E.I. (oh oooooh!) What's poppin tonight? Undele, undele, mami E.I. E.I. (oh ooooooh!) Well if the head right, I be there er'ynight [Verse 2] 'Til the break of dawn (dawn) You see our money long (long) Matter fact I'm takin the skirt right along with the thong (thong) Some say I'm wrong, but fuck it I'm grown (grown) I'm about 20-somethin with 2 of my own Nigga I flash it (oh!) Double takes when you past me, nasty Don't be scurred boo, come on just ask me I drive fastly I'm like Jeff Gordon I switch the raid on the S and kept that Navigation System cranked, blaze'on It's smellin amaze'on Got three chicks rollin' out black, white and Asian Another one pag-in tellin me to come home He jus left the house and he ain't comin back home I use the V-12 power, I be there in an hour Matter fact, you keep the door open I'll catch you shower Bring it back over girl, I hear you gettin louder And the same shit gon' happen if you use the word ours eh! [Hook] [Verse 3] We runnin through a whole pound - of that sticky Hydro got my whole mouth - feelin icky I pour Crissy down a hoe's mouth - just cause she picked me Back stage when my shows out - tell em what you mean I mean four inches when we roll ouuut - come and get me Rock the platinum and brought the gold out - who all wit me? I already got my fo' out - cocked Plus I got many niggas wanna show ouuuuut! In the Escalade (you know) Powder baby blue leather seats gucci And Jack Frosty Roger the Rabbit and Bugsy Go back like there no socks in rugby If you compare me to any other MC on originality For s'all in the jewlery I gotta top three I gotta be cocky If you ready to leave Holly, see you in Maui eh! eh! eh! (oh oooh!) eh! eh! eh! eh! uh! uh! uh! uh! Well if the head right, I be there er'ynight! eh! ye! uh! uh! uh! uh! [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly ft. City Spud Album: Da Derrty Versions: The Reinvention Song: Ride Wit Me (Jay E Remix) Typed by: instigator_247@yahoo.com [Intro] Yo, hey yo.. Now that I'm a fly guy, and I fly high (uh) Niggaz wanna know why (why), why I fly by But yo it's all good, Range Rover all wood Do me like you should - fuck me good, suck me good We be them stud niggaz, wishin' you was niggaz Poppin' like we drug dealers, sippin' Cris-sy, bubb' mackin' (macker) Honey in the club, me in the Benz Icy cris, tellin' me to leave, leave wit you and your friends I wanna know if you wanna ride (wanna ride) Wanna go and take a ride with me (oh) I know a place where we can chill them (oh) And don't worry I got plenty money Oh, oh, oh, hey.. [Verse 1] We in the club on a late night, we feelin' right (oh) Lookin' for lil shorties that's gon' do me right (hey) And they can be 21 or 20 years old (oh) Long as they got ID, man I don't need no troubles (hey oh) Than I peep two walking over nice and real slow (here they go) They said they liked the way I looked in my last video (oh) Is there somewhere Nelly, all three of us could go (oh) I thought about it for a minute then I said Hmm...(hell yea) I wanna know if you wanna ride (wanna ride) Wanna go and take a ride with me (oh) I know a place where we can chill them (oh) And don't worry I got plenty money Hey, hey...hey [Verse 2] We still shoppin' nightly, frontin' like me and my boys E'ery other mall, I'm pullin' out another toy (hey oh) My pockets deeper than they've ever, ever been before I'm not just braggin', I'm just sayin' I ain't gotta think about that shit no more All of a sudden, I'm the man wherever I go (oh) Screamin' fans got to stands now at my shows (oh) Heard there's a party and the niggas at 'The Palm' try to figure out should I go (oh) Thought about it for a minute then I said Hmm...(hell yea) I wanna know if you wanna ride (wanna ride) Wanna go and take a ride with me (oh) I know a place where we can chill them (oh) And don't worry I got plenty money Hey, hey...hey I wanna know if you wanna ride (wanna ride) Wanna go and take a ride with me (oh) I know a place where we can chill them (oh) And don't worry I got plenty money Oh, oh, oh...yea, oh [Verse 3] I know somethin', somethin' you don't know (you don't know) I know somethin', somethin' I got to tell ya (I got to tell ya) I know somethin', somethin' doubted my flow (doubted my flow) I know somethin', somethin' called me a failure (hey) I know somethin', somethin' you don't know (you don't know) I know somethin', somethin' I got to tell ya (hey) I know somethin', somethin' doubted my flow (doubted my flow) I know somethin', somethin' called me a failure (oh, oh, oh, oh) I wanna know if you wanna ride (wanna ride) Wanna go and take a ride with me (oh) I know a place where we can chill them (oh) And don't worry I got plenty money Oh, oh, oh...again Oh, oh, oh...I said And don't worry I got plenty money Oh, oh, oh...must be the money Oh, oh, oh...I said And don't worry I got plenty money Hey.. [Outro] Free City (oh, oh) Shout out to my nigga John Mayer Holdin' it down dirty John Meyer, John Mayer You know we pronounce it different in the hood But dirty, you still be rockin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Chocolate Tai, King Jacob, Murphy Lee, Prentiss Church, Tru Album: Da Derrty Versions  The Reinvention Song: Batter Up (Jay E Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Hands up now {*repeat 14X*} [Chorus: Nelly] Mmmmmm, I'm from where they cook the work in the kitchen (in the kitchen) Why you think we rock these platinum gold grills (gold grills) It take a whoooole lot of gr-indin to put the Daytons on that Cadillac DeVille (well alright!) I say but now we're up in the BIG LEAGUES St. Louis, y'all up at bat (uh-huh) And just as long as we livin (what about it) it's Lunatics playa Derrty E.N.T., we all we got  ohh, batter up! [Ali] Check check.. I'm the lead-off batter Shootin dice in the dugout, they gon' walk me, it don't matter Movin up the ladder, Derrty E.N.T. we came fatter They think my bat quicker, they check it every time it shatter (Skerr-ERRRT!) She threw a knuckleball The rookie ran down for one, I walked down and fucked 'em all I keep it mellow, she one-point-five, I'm Cigarello First base, Chocolate Tai come move the place [Chocolate Tai] Now who the hell left the gate open cause it stayed open These haters prayin and hopin that it's not Chocolate Don't pop the verses, I pop a lot PULL UP SLOWWWWW! Pop a drop and still got fans in my five for naught Been in the game for a minute, always represent it Cocoa tenants, so-so Dior's in it  ooh gotta love her Miss Loiusville slugga, try to tag, I can't touch ya For her, DEA they tryin hard to fuck her [King Jacob] Yo, c'mon... as I approach the plate My approach is great, 34 I'm fat, I'm holdin weight Known for extra bases, got them extra cakes and pies Throw 'em in extra basements, get them straight to go by ride Heat don't wear me out, so that's cool, I doubled up That mean the Benz get bubbled-up and your friends can come and stuff I got bad nerves, no patience, up and stealin third Nigga pass the word, Derrty E.N.T., fuck what you heard Most my niggaz foul, cookin off the mans now If I can make it home again I'd give my hat to the crowd They in the stands cheerin loud, once the King takes up the scope Anticipatin for mo', intoxicated the flows My derrties make hits for sho' so I ain't stranded no mo' You gotta be drunk, mad full of dope thinkin we handin it over If I ain't, passin the doja, and addin the dough up That mean it's, guess I'ma load up, see yo' ass in the hole up - KING [Tru] Yeah, and I couldn't wait to swing With more blow than George Young on a Chinese bing I'm a 16-year old drug dealer, with brick skills That's where they sell it all, I'ma ball and make a mil' You can see me now, I got them treaties now I got them ounces and birds, I'm on the curb gettin greedy now No shame in my 'caine  bakin soda, ain't my thang Put your mouth on this pipe, and go and blow out your brain I got that +Base+ like Rob, hit it your face throb Shitty shark jumpin out the entourage like the mob Move bricks like a demolitionist, never miss a hit First round draft pick, money stretch long like elastic Jack Frost put it in plastic Hit the bricks, the shit flip quick, like gymnastics Platinum and the gold grills, big ol' wheels It's Taylor Made, Derrty Entertainment, Nelly what the diz-eal? [Prentiss Church] Ahhhh I wanna hit somethin, rip somethin, stick somethin Pants saggin in my battin stance, set and ready  SWING, the pitch comin! Double up like Ozzy do, halves, fifties and boppers too We robbin you like over-the-wall grabs and how are you (safe!) And I can stone on you, umpires tryin to throw me out Fuck the game he don't know me, I'll show him what I'm all about S-T-L-O-U-I-S; e'rrrrybody like "You the best" That's why I got the Derrty medallion with diamonds on my chest They got me playin center, and yup I'm still the center of attention The gun to most niggaz in this division I got a rifle of an arm, I'm skinny but I perform I'm calm but still slept on like "Ring the Alarm" Two corns on my big toe, lil' toe nail gone I'm runnin through the catcher, whatever, to get the hell home Well-known, line drive, head gone, headstrong Derrty E.N.T. get in that ass  so you can head home [Nelly] Well you should see me now, white Lambourghini now Ain't really got nowhurr to park it but funk it, I got it anyhow Only thing left for me to do is to "Dream of Jeanie" now Smokin gabrini greenie now - but I ain't shy I'ma go with white socks, and burrs on my team I used to cut it, cook it, and place it  then purrs on the Beam Used to slang that coke-y like Sammy Sosa I would tell ya more but I ain't supposed ta [Murphy Lee] I want my name not, not said but screamed Cause I finally seen "my dream" like Martin Luther the King My pockets fat cause I been eatin since, '99 Put rhymes between fine lines, time to shine I'm a 20 year-old silly dude, wit a Derrty deal The biggest problem I got is gettin the spinners for my sturring wheel I'm in the Coupe DeVille, left side in the back seat Front seat be the good weed, back seat be the ass cheeks [Nelly] Uhh... swing batter batter, swing if you wanna hit now BATTER UP! Uhh... swing batter batter, swing if you wanna hit now BATTER UP! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Nelly Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: If Typed by: LimitlessLiLJ@aol.com [Intro - Nelly] Dirty E & T We All We Got StarTracks on the G-M-B [Verse 1] I'm not the man sittin' next to the man But I'm the man sittin' wonderin if I'ma ever see you again If imma ever get the chance to hug and squeeze you again... I swear I'll leave you again You ain't gotta worry bout it (Woo) Dirty is simple man I run up on you, "man and all", I ain't no minute man A G-4 headin' straight for Switzerland Or independent 8-Mile down to Michigan She so fit (man) an S-T-L Hottie Aqua bottom demin The flyest thang in the party Baby last could it be Mo-Lotte? Got mo' back than she got body (Eh!) Fall back, get 'Cris and drin' it up Tomorrow hit the mall And 'Cris you d-it up Credit card to the max Come Back!  I re. it up If I'm movin' too fast fo' ya Hurry to speed it up Or ease up, whichever one you prefer We yellow diamonds or the whites, Whichever one you prefer Cali we do the drop New York we do the furr East Coast West Coast whichever one you prefer! (If I couldn't...) Take you... Around the world... (Take you around that w-orld Then shorty would you be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) Buy you cars (Woo), credit cards (Woo) Big jewelry with diamonds, girl (Woo, would you still be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) [Verse 2] No NBA but I could handle rock I'm a different kindda' balla' baby, feel or not (Feel or not) Yea I'm a playa' and I crush a lot I also puff a lot, But I'll stop if you fuss a lot Err-thing I done done you ain't satisfied And you don't wanna' answer to my "Who's?" and my "Why's?" (Eh) Just loan me back my keys to my CL55 Better hurry the bus leave at 7:55 (55) WE OFF THAT Take you to the field, ma,  Let you ride horse back Yea I'm 50 miles from the arch and all that But from the bedroom, balcony, you can see all that I can see you pointin' now like,  "What do you call that?" Got all these damn cars "Where the hell do ya' park at?" We used to ask "What it cost?" Now it ain't no more a'that I made it so ya' own mama call ya "It's all crap" (If I couldn't...) Take you... Around the world... (Take you around that w-orld Then shorty would you be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) Buy you cars (Woo), credit cards (Woo), Big jewelry with diamonds, girl (Woo, would you still be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) [Verse 3] Take you (take you) Girl if I couldn't Take you (take you) If I couldn't Take you around the world Tell me would you still be my girl? If I couldn't Take you (take you) Now way to Take you (take you) Girl if I couldn't Take you around the world Tell me would you still be my girl? [Chorus with minor changes - Repeat until fadeout] (If I couldn't...) Take you... Around the world... (Take you around that w-orld Then shorty would you be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) Buy you cars (Woo), credit cards (Woo) Big jewelry with diamonds, girl (Woo, Would you still be my girl...?) Hey (Would you be my?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Da Derrty Versions - The Reinvention Song: Hot in Herre (Basement Beats Remix) Typed by: rapforever86@tlen.pl Hot in... so hot in herre! So hot in.. [Verse 1 - Nelly] I was like, good gracious - ass is bodacious (uhh) Flirtacious, tryin to show patience I'm waitin for the right time to shoot my steez (you know) Waitin for the right time to flash them ki's, then uhh I'm leavin, please believin - ohhh! Me and the rest of my heathens Check it, got it locked at the top of the Fo' Seasons Penthouse, roof top, birds I feedin No deceivin, nuttin up my sleeve and no teasin.. I need you to Get up up on the dance floor Give that man what he askin for Cause I feel like bustin loose and I feel like touchin you, uh uh And can't nobody stop the juice So baby tell me what's the use? I said [Chorus - Nelly + (girl)] It's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes (I am - gettin so hot, I wanna take my clothes off) It's gettin hot in herre (so hot), so take off all your clothes (I am - gettin so hot, I wanna take my clothes off) [Verse 2 - Nelly] Why you at the bar if you ain't poppin the bottles? (c'mon) What good is all the fame if you ain't fuckin the models I see you drivin, sports cars, ain't hittin the throttle And I'll be down to do a hundred, top down and goggles Got off the freeway, exit 106 and "Park"ed it Ash tray, flip gate, time to spark it Gucci collar for dollar, got out and walked it I spit game cause baby I can't talk it Warm, sweatin, it's hot up in this joint Vokal tanktop, on at this point You with a winner so baby you can't loose I got secrets can't leave Cancun So take it off like your home alone You know dance in front your mirror while you're on the phone Checkin your reflection and tellin your best friend like "Girl I think my butt gettin big!" [Bridge - Nelly] (Let it hang all out) Mix a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it just fall out) Give a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it hang all out) With a little bit of ah, ah And a sprinkle of that ah, ah (Let it just fall out) I like it when ya ah, ah Girl, baby make it ah, ah [Verse 3 - Nelly] Stop pacin, time wastin I gotta a friend with a pole in the basement (what?) I'm just kiddin like Jason (oh) Unless you gon' do it Extra, extra - eh, spread the news (check it) Nelly took a trip from the Lou' to the Neptunes Came back with somethin thicker than fittin in Sasoons Say she got a thing about cuttin in restrooms - ohhhhh! [Chorus 2x] [Outro - Nelly] (Let it hang all out) Mix a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it just fall out) Give a little bit of ah, ah With a little bit of ah, ah (Let it hang all out) With a little bit of ah, ah And a sprinkle of that ah, ah (Let it just fall out) I like it when ya ah, ah Girl, baby make it ah, ah... ohhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Jermaine Dupri, Kelly Rowland Album: Da Derrty Versions  The Reinvention Song: Dilemma (Jermaine Dupri Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Kelly Rowland] + (J.D.) I.. love you (oh) and I.. need you (sing to me Kelly) Nelly I.. love you (this is) I do (So, So, Def) neeeeed you (c'mon) [Chorus: Kelly Rowland] + (J.D.) No matter what I do (uh-huh) all I think about is you (uh-huh) Even when I'm with my boo (uh-huh) boy y'know I'm crazy over you (c'mon) No matter what I do (uh-huh) all I think about is you Even when I'm with my boo, y'know I'm crazy over you (rock on) [Nelly] Check it, check it, check it, uhh I met this chick and she just moved right up the block from me And uhh, she got the hots for me the finest thing my hood done seen But oh no, oh no, she got a man and a son, doh'ohhh, but that's okay Cause I, wait for my cue and just listen, play my position Like a shortstop, pick up e'rything mami hittin And in no time.. (no time) I. I better make this one here mi-i-ne.. and that's for sure Cause I, I never been the type to, break up a happy home But uh, there's somethin bout baby girl I just can't leave alone So tell me ma what's it gonna be? She said {You don't know what you mean to me} C'mon! [Chorus]  w/ Nelly + J.D. ad libs [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh I see a lot and you look and I never say a word I know how niggaz start actin trippin out herre about they girls And there's no way-ayy-hey, Nelly gon' fight over (I ain't fightin over NO dame) no day-hey-ame.. as you can see But I, I like your steez, your style, your whole demeanor The way you come through and holla and swoop me in his 2-seater Now that's gangstah-ah-ahhh. And I got special ways to thank yah-ah-ahhh.. don't you forget it But uh, it ain't that easy for you to pack up and leave him But uh, you and dirty got ties for different reasons I respect that and right before I turn to leave, she said.. she said. {You don't know what you mean to me} she said.. she said, c'mon! [Chorus]  w/ Nelly + J.D. ad libs [Nelly] Sing it for me K [Kelly Rowland] I.. love you {word?} and I.. need you Nelly I.. love you, I do.. {c'mon girl} And it's more than you'll.. ever know Boy.. it's fo'sho' You can always count on my love {uhh} Foreveeeeer more, yeahh-yeahh. [Nelly] East Coast, I know you shakin right, uh-huh Down South, I know you bouncin right, eh-eh West Coast, I know you walkin right, cause Midwest, I see you swingin right {You don't know what you mean to me} [Chorus] w/ Nelly + J.D. ad libs [Ali] Remix, Kelly, Nelly, J.D., Ali. Now when I met her, she had on her Burberry sweater Preppy college girl, graduated, drove a Jetta Said she wanna go out but her man wouldn't let her I said  damn ma, you could be doin so much better And I  roll up a L on my way to go get her Cause I  get what I want cause Nicky Sets' a go-getter And I  took her to the Card's and Cubs double-header {Cause} Then she left her man, I'd approach him with a formal letter like [Chorus] w/ Nelly + J.D. ad libs [Nelly] Yeah, yeah East Coast, I know you shakin right, what Down South, I know you bouncin right, Dirty Dirty like West Coast, I know you walkin right, put your dubs up Midwest, I see you swingin right, whoo! {You don't know what you mean to me} East Coast, you still shakin right, geah Down South, I see you bouncin right, Dirty Dirty West Coast, I know you walkin right Midwest, you still swingin right {You don't know what you mean to meeeee} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Da Derrty Versions - The Reinvention Song: King's Highway Typed by: bsgmiller@insightbb.com * * send corrections to the typist Ugh Yeah You should really turn this up Natural Bridge and King's Highway as loud as possible (that's what I'm talkin about) Natural Bridge and King's Highway yeah ask em' Where you headed? Natural Bridge and King's Highway (yeah) Natural Bridge and King's Highway Come one with it It's me and my derrty we just got back home in the blue grey Bently with the cellular phone Callin' up the 'tics time to get it jumpin' smoke comin' out the sunroof to let em know we're comin' Errebody lookin' if you're jealous turn around 21 inches keep me further from the ground I'm gettin good grip from the Dunlop Tires The F1's bumpin' but I need the volume higher Cause there ain't no way get on the basement beat hits J.E. and Wally got an wanna get some I heard them haters talkin' but what am I to do? I'm the men that little hate the Bill Clinton of the Lou' Picked up some shorties on Skinker towards roastin' Headed for the castlelot muskada got me croachin Bently kinda crowded ol car was leanin' back Shandra watchin' TV with two gurlies on their lap Martin Luther King the setence kinda dead Made a left on King's Highway Natural Bridge is just ahead So fresh and so clean U City representin' the St Lunatics on castlelot set (Chorus) Where you headed? Natural Bridge and King's Highway Natural Bridge and King's Highway Come on with it Where you headed? Natural Bridge and King's Highway (Basement beats gon' make it rock the tic's gon make it rock) Natural Bridge and King's Highway come on with it Now rollin' with the tics you know we never bored show me another click when more points scored we walk around with criminals a bunch of big gorillas My derrty Murphy Lee he's a teenage lady killer Keyjuan is on my left side dancin' with this freak The way she clap that *** make my knees get weak JD is the white guy people think he's funny Been down long time way before we had the money But now we collectin' dollars from platinum to white gold Swervin' in this Bentley and ain't got no place to go Rollin' past Fairground what's up to the thugs Shorties in their mini's wanna show a little love but the dope man got em and they bust just right shorties looked depressed cause that thing gon' stop Headed back toward G and bust a Uie what the hell Somebody shoutin' Nelly were damn near out of L's Baby girl blew me a kiss said you're number one then looked and me and I ain't gon tell you what she done the closer we get the woozier I feel Natural Bridge and King's Highway somebody take the wheel Where you headed? Natural Bridge and King's Highway Natural Bridge and King's Highway Come on with it Where you headed? Natural Bridge and King's Highway (Basement beats gon' make it rock the tic's gon make it rock) Natural Bridge and King's Highway come on with it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Brick McKnight, St. Lunatics Album: Da Derrty Versions - The Reinvention Song: Groovin' Tonight (Brian McKnight) Typed by: Nixie95@rochester.rr.com (Brian McKnight) Tonight's the night, tonight's the niiiiiiigggght Girl you lookin so fly, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do Said I wanna get it on, mmhmmm Do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do Girl you lookin sooooo fly, do, do, do, dooo Said I wanna get it on (Ali - talking) U-City, uh, uh, Brian McKnight, Lunatics, groovin, groovin, groovin tonight Ha ha, yeah, what you think about that nigga? Hah, hah, what you think about that nigga? Ladies (Ali) Now you could search the whole globe but couldn't replace me You skurred to face me, you don't wanna race me Fendi fur, Cartier glasses for the blur I'm a do it for me and let you do it for her I got a real bad habit when I wanna grab it So many karats in the ring I'm half man, half rabbit Bitches be like "ahh man" when they see me with Cardan Puffin on the green, discussin a war plan I used to have rock, now it's stocked with a laptop Fat pot, a six-four with the ass dropped With a dime daughter, dabbed in Estee Lauder I want the new Tims so from the crib I made an order So fuck your bitch nigga, what I wanna take Plus she been on my nuts since thumps and pencil breaks 'Cause I'm a nigga with the hoe, a nigga with the flow Fo' Reel nigga, pissy drunk in the Rov' (Chorus - Brian McKnight) Fellas, we can get it on Maybe even party 'til the break of dawn (break of dawn) 'Cause the ladies are groovin tonight (the ladies are groovin tonight) To the ladies lookin fly (looking fly) If you wanna ride them hold on tight (hold on tight) 'Cause the fellas are groovin tonight (tonight's the night) (Nelly) "Skuuuuuiieeee" baby girl, you hear me callin you? Now I ain't hawkin you, just wanna walk with you Talk with you for a second, spit a little somethin in that err Whatever it takes to make you come nerr I'm tryna' sound sincerr, ay Baby talkin to me but I'm starin at her rear and I'm like "oh dear" I ain't never seen nathen like you before And you the type to make a nigga wanna open your door And to the house up on the hill and the jag is yours As long as you can prove that you wit' a nigga for sure You know I'm young and a thug, so I got issues I did them St. Louis blues, I done paid them dues, ay But nevermind that, how 'bout we hop the next cruise We can cash it or plastic, you choose Get pissed out with the Cristal or the Boones Get ya Xed out, leave ya stretched out in the room, my doom (Chorus) (City Spud) [talking] Keep it movin, keep it movin, I keep it groovin, huh Keep it movin, keep it movin, keep it groovin, huh I keep it, movin, keep it groovin huh, uh, uh, uh Yo, baby girl you lookin fly in yo' Donna K Hopin I could give you some love in the right way But I don't wanna give you the wrong impression I keep it mellow, sayin hello You still thinkin I'm a thug fellow So I let you know from the get-go you thorough You a cutie with thighs and you live for dinero But, me and my team drop, shit overseas Then bounce wit' the ounce that's thick and Japenese I'm a goodfella, you know, I'm a made man Got 'em winin like spoiled babies in play pens Put that ass up baby and I hit it from here Now lick your tongue out lady and I put it in here Let me whip that, lick that, and I don't stop Then hit the block with my niggaz in, my new drop Convertable, tens and dubs, no matter the weather One-sixty on the dash, chinky eyes and leather, c'mon (Chorus) (Brian McKnight) Paaaarrrtttyyyy, party, hey, hey, hey Allll daaaaayyy, all day, yeah Neevvvvvveeerrr stop, never stop, don't wanna stop no, no babe Neevvvvvveeerrr stop, don't stop, don't stop Baby girl! (Chorus) 4x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ David Banner, Eightball, Sky, St. Lunatics Album: Da Derrty Versions  The Reinvention Song: Air Force Ones (David Banner Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  (Haha, hahahaha.. David Banner!) [Chorus One: St. Lunatics] [Murphy] I said  give me two pairs [Kyjuan] Cause  I need two pairs [Ali] So I  can get to stompin in my Air Force Ones [Nelly] Big boys  stompin in my Air Force Ones, I said [David Banner  over Chorus One] You have now reached St. Louis By the way of the mighty Mississippi It's David Banner biatch, "Air Force Ones Remix" [Chorus Two 4X: David Banner] + (Sky) I'm walkin in my Air Force Ones (Tell me about them, you need them) I'm walkin in my Air Force Ones (Them Air Force, Ones) {"Big boys"} [David Banner] I got them Ones with the Gucci on the side, don't trip It's the same as the seats off in my ride, raw hide School or die, so I dipped it out - black, black Big swooshes restin candy on the 'Llac, dig that No daps if you steppin on my Air Force Ones I got, Puerto Rican flags, I'll be Big Pun Big boys, big bustas all look like me Fuck around with Lavell I'll make ya read these like this Bitch for fuckin with me Man they turn nice guys by fuckin for free Like blew me up, don't comin down cause he straight up a G Man there's 3 o'clock girl, Nina POP for me A straight pimp, yeah! [Chorus Two] [Eightball] Yo, big Ball comin through, look what Banner went and done Big boys from the Lou', got me chokin on some bum Walkin on clouds in my Air Force Ones Make it loud, ain't no tellin what big Ball gon' come with Bought a pair of kicks, every player gotta go and get fresh pair of tight whites, go with any outfit Nelly where them hoes at? Shoot your boy somethin sick Pretty face, red bone, talented with big lips Man, we out the frame in this damn thang Three country niggaz linked together like a icy chain Hit your town, blaze it up and burn it down Big Ball straight from Memphis, keep it pimpin and I'm out [Chorus Two] [Chorus One] [Nelly  over Chorus One] Uhh.. uhh, whattup Mo? This here for e'rybody, knowhatI'msayin? Tell that nigga J.T. I said whattup from the crooked letter [Nelly] Now I done heard they got them Forces down in Mississippi I even heard down in Memphis dirty ballers hit me He said it's on and poppin, cause he the fat mack Girl you heard what he said, go put that 'gnac back You drinkin Grey Goose, Pimp Juice combination It's for any nigga whose city used to be a plantation C'mon and stomp wit it, I said stomp wit it Go on leave a hole in the flo', don't be no punk wit it Call it a Derrty Entertainment thang, Ball and David Banner thang "Pimp Juice," "Like a Pimp," "Space Age Pimpin" thang We hold it down for country folks, shit we in the same boat Trip and get that Force One print on your throat It's no joke {*echoes*} [Chorus Two] [Nelly  over Chorus Two] Uh-oh, uh-oh, big boy Uh-uh, oh-oh Shout to Memphis, yeah.. oh! Chi-Town, Mississippi, Cleveland South Dakota, North Dakota, uh South Carolina, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Indiana [Chorus One] [Nelly  over Chorus One] I said stomp wit it, go 'head and stomp wit it Go on leave a hole in the flo', don't be no punk wit it I said stomp wit it, I said stomp wit it Go on leave a hole in the flo', don't be no punk wit it [Chorus One] [Nelly] Hey, big boy Yeah, David Banner, Eightball We out lil' derrty, E.N.T.! [Outro] Big boy.. big boy.. big boy.. big boy.. big boy.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Justin Timberlake Album: Da Derrty Versions - The Reinvention Song: Work It Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Nelly - talking] Uh, uh, uh, yeah Uh, uh, uh, uh (this is a Scott Storch production) And the E-N-T is [Chorus - Justin Timberlake] + (Nelly) Baby show somethin (oh) Don't say nothin (don't you say a word) I just want to see you work it (c'mon baby work it for me, yeah) That ain't frontin (naw) Show me somethin (oh, let me see it, let me see it, let me see it let me see it, let me see it, let me see it, bend over let me see it) I just want to see you work it [Verse 1 - Nelly] I heard her talkin loud, but she ain't sayin nothin What up with all the frontin? Come on and show me somethin You know you wanna do it, go 'head yo man ain't comin (please) Do that thing, when you dippin, keep ya hips bumpin What's up with all these questions and what you mad I'm famous Baby girl, you talkin to me like you talkin to an adolescent I need that - jump off, jump off The clothes - come off, come off The Hermaze, Apple B's, and the so on, so on (yeah) Let your waist pop (pop), when the bass knock (knock) Yeah, I flood the watch to the top until there's no clock (clock) Can't even tell the time, but you know it's mine What time is it ma? It's twenty karats after nine Are you dehydrated? Well let me quench your thirst Check it, but first thing first, girl let's do what we rehearsed And don't get nervous now, just show me break-breaky Get up and take a stance and if you wanna get me [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Nelly] She still talkin loud, but she ain't sayin nothin Why you ain't movin ma, DJ ain't playin nothin You tell him play this heerre, until the speakers blow (Justin Timberlake: birthdays pick a place, baby we could go) Yeah, I like yo Air Max (Max), they showin no back (back) She showin off her tats (tats) You ain't know she slightly ghetto-ghetto, she bourghetto-zhetto She 5'5 brown eyes, she in stiletto-letto (Justin Timberlake : baby) Well did you come alone? (uh), oh you got 2 or 3 That ain't no thang baby girl, cause I got 2 with me And we gon' all kick it (yes we are), and you about to see (oh yes we are) Just what a day would be if you was in the ride with me (Justin Timberlake: turnin on the headlights) Yeah and we be ... (JT: runnin all the red lights) Oh, it's full steam ahead (yeah), and ain't no stoppin now (naw) Now come on heere and drop it and J gon' tell you why [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Break - Nelly] + (Justin Timberlake) Now all my midwest shorties, come on do that thang, I see it (Dance for me, dance for me, yeah) Uh, uh, now all my down south shorties, come on do that thang, c'mon (Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on) Yeah, yeah, my east coast shorties, come on do that thang, I see it (Dance for me, dance for me, yeah) Now all my west coast shorties, c'mon do that thang, c'mon (Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on) [Verse 3 - Nelly] She still talkin loud, but I hear her better now She keep a thong print on, in any weather now No sight of a band, but I can hear the horns playin (Justin Timberlake: *imitititing horns*) Oh, she got me +Hypnotized+, kinda like that +Biggie+ guy Cause she been tryna prove a point, well since we've been inside Can't wait to get it on (on), just wait 'til we get home I'm on somethin, call my partner J, (JT: momma, come on) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Nelly] + (Justin Timberlake) Uh yeah Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh Don't you say a word Yeah, uh, uh C'mon baby work it for me, yeah .. NAWWW! Oh, let me see it, let me see it (I just want to see you work it) let me see it, let me see it let me see it, let me see it bend over, let me see it Yeah, um, uh, uh, uh Don't you say a word, yeah Let me see it Let me see it Let me see it (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Clipse, The Posta Boy Album: Da Derrty Versions Song: #1 (Wally Remix) Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [*scratched*] "Rising to the top" "Number one" [Intro - Nelly] {*w/ ad-libs*} Oh let's go! Derrty ENT! Nigga, we all we got, aye We all we got! Ok! Can you hear me!?... [Verse 1 - Nelly] They said I was crazy, when I stop slangin the crack Took err'thang I had, and I put it in rap If I ain't a Lunatic, then what do ya call that If my pockets ain't obese, then what do ya call fat I wasn't born on purpose, I was unpurposely born I'm the result of what happens when the condom is torn I was sworn to secrecy, only talking when need to be Never saying too much, and these niggas talking repeatedly Conceivably I rip it up mo' then I get regretted fo' Same biz you paying, on notes I get the credit fo' More retro, than nigga before you get thrown back I start taking, snap shots, I ain't talking that Kodak Start cocking the fo's back, start making ya dome crack Heard you don't like me and I'm happy to know that Feel like I'm cheating don't it, kinda unfair in fact Feel like I'm playing wit two Shaq's, and two T-Mac's, dirty [Chorus 1 - Nelly] I - am - number one, no matter if you like it Here take it sit down and write it I - am - number one Hey hey hey hey... What does it take to be number one Two is not a winner, and three nobody remembers What does it take to be number one Hey hey hey hey... [Verse 2 - The Posta Boy] Yo yo, I was born number one, from the start so smart Before I could walk I was attending Head Start The jail niggas say I'm hard If you ask 106 who I be, they gon say I'm God! Number one like the first man ever touched space Or the dot on the dice when a nigga roll Ace (Damn!) Winning team legacy, I rep to the death of me And just for the record B, none of y'all can F wit me Rise to the top like I'm brick in the pot I'm like Allen wit the rock, I ain't missing a shot When I'm down in the Dirty I be booted 'n sooted Me and Nelly got the Airs wit the chinchilla swooshes Anyway that's some other shit; And it's a shame I'm so filthy now my great grand daughter mother rich P to the B see, I'm ghetto and greasy! I'm the champ, and ain't never been a nigga defeat me [Chorus 2 - The Posta Boy] Po' is! - number one For my niggas in the borough, to start that dinero Nigga Posta is! - number one I'ma center fold nigga, fucked up rose nigga We the team baby, we - number one For my niggas that down, for me always been around Nigga Posta he's! - number one I don't talk it, I live it, cause I'm the first one that did it [Verse 3 - Pusha T] Lookin for a coward - well it's not in here Under the BBC, this heart be popping here The game is wild, few gonna drop this year Some of y'all not this year, the rest of y'all getting dropped this year I'm hearing that the cops is (I'm hearing it) cops is here In these BBC socks, I got the rocks in here If the cops in here, I got my glock in here If the glock in here, you know it's gon' get +Hot in Here+ Touch ya soul to sue, like them heat holders do The new 645, I'll have the first in June Start the summer off, floating wit the guts maroon +Ricky Schroder+ paint job, colored +Silver Spoon+ Boys in black guts, black paint, midnight coon Black gun, red beam, ready for high noon Pusha straight like, half-past noon "Hell Hath No Fury" coming soon, bet we'll do number one [Chorus 1] + (w/ Malice ad-libs) [Verse 4 - Malice] It was just '98, I was holding work Now I'm only worth - over a mill, hell of a growth spurt And you don't wanna talk, show money You would think it was talk show money Honey fully understand, Malicious never down on his luck I'll fly you across the water, we ain't even got to fuck Hell, we can even dap when we park Whatever helps you keep focus, safeguard your heart Icky messy mayne, we wrecklessly aim It's the tale of two brothers like Frank and Jesse James I will - write your outro, ghost write your life I'm so author, I should smoke a pipe I disregard all subliminal gestures I'm the lead roller, y'all couldn't cast his extras I run wit it, threw it in my sleep, I'm one wit it And that's one wit a bullet, I'll be the first to pull it, uh [Chorus 1] [Outro - scratches] - [To fade] "Rising to the top" "Number One" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ron Isley Album: Da Derrty Versions  The Reinvention Song: Pimp Juice (Ron Isley Mix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Nelly] Let's go {This is too, too, pimpish} c'mon [Ron Isley] Hoooooooooh yea Oooooh yeah yeah, ooh! She wants you for your pimp juice I can't take it, cause she's gon' break me for my pimp juice I think I better cut her loose She wants me for my pimp juice Think I better CUT HER LOOSE! Ooooooooh [Nelly] + (Ron Isley) I'm still in that, seventy-four, the Coupe in DeVille Still got the seats, the leather, wood on the wheel (won'tcha) One touch on my sunroof  but mama leave it alone now Can't you see it? It's goin back on it's own now (Ooooooooh-oooh!) That's how we do it baby (Ahh yeah..) Seven dayy-ayyys .. We hustle three-sixty-five I tell ya - winter spring and fall, in the summer we ride (Oooh) Still actin like you never seen it before - before Like them country boys ain't got no dough (Chick please) Get in. (Dust your shoes off) befo' you touch that flo' Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug (don'tcha?) I say you look to put your feet on my rug (don'tcha?) You're in a hurry (SLOW DOWN, ohh yeah) You ain't from Russia, uh-uh.. OOH! [Chorus: Ron Isley] + (Nelly) Pimp juice (uh-uhh uh.. uh-uhh uh) I think I need to let her loose (uh-uhh uh) (I tell ya) This old lady (oh man) she's so shady (Ooooh, uh-uhh uh..) Yeah (uh-uhh uh.. uh-uhh uh) (I tell ya) I can't take it (no no) Cause she's gon' break me (yeah) [Nelly] + (Ron Isley) I'm still - clean as a whistle, sharp as a razor (uh-huh) In anythang from Vokal to the Gators (now listen) Still play the haters (OWW!) like they should be played And I'm quick to lay a lady (OWW!) if she want no delays Still got the fade, still thinkin 'bout braids ('bout braids) See cats with braids steady switchin to fades (oh-oh-oh) That's just the pimp juice jackin - jackin If we were hoopin, I'd be yellin "They hackin - they hackin" And I see you momma, in your Dolce Gabbana (woo!) Gucci and Prada boo you look even hotter The lucciana ain't no problem for poppa Shoppin sprees, got the keys, if you want it I gotta So you look to put your feet on my rug (don'tcha?) I say you wanna put your feet on my rug (don'tcha?) You're in a hurry (SLOW DOWN, ohh yeah) I send you Green Bay Packin about my. [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Nelly] + (Ron Isley) See now your pimp juice is anything, attract the opposite sex I'm talkin 'bout money, fame, or straight intellect It don't matter, see women got the pimp juice too Come to think about it - dirty, they got mo' than we do They got mo' (juice in they walk) they got mo' (juice in they talk) And if you look they got (juice in they pants) you be like, damn! I tell you man it's a cryin shame, cryin shame. .. how women out herre use, they use the juice in vein - you hear me mayne Pimp juice is color blind, color blind  color blind You find it work on all color creeds and kinds (whoah-ohhh) From ages 50 right down to 9  down to 9 Yo it's the Mayor, Mr. Biggs, uh-uh  yo they won't resign (watch me recline) Cause you wanna put your feet on my rug (don'tcha?) I say you go to put your feet on my rug (don'tcha?) You're in a hurry (SLOW DOWN, ohh yeah) Stand on my left boo.. C'MON! [Chorus] w/ minor variations {*Ron Isley harmonizes until fade*} [Ron Isley] She wants you for your pimp juice.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Da Derrty Versions - The Reinvention Song: E.I. (The Tipdrill Remix) Typed by: matt__m69@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] I said it must be ya ass cause it ain't ya face I need a tipdrill, I need a tipdrill I said it must be ya ass cause it ain't ya face I need a tipdrill, I need a tipdrill I said if ya see a tipdrill point her out, where she at Point her out, where she at Point her out, there she goooooes I said if ya see a tipdrill point her out, where she at Point her out, where she at Point her out, there she goooooes [Nelly] We throwin money in the air like we dont give a fuck Lookin for a tipdrill, I mean a tipdrill We throwin money in the air like we dont give a fuck Lookin for a tipdrill, I mean a tipdrill [Murphy Lee] Now mama girl you gotta friend that dont mind joinin in I'm a tipdrill, cause I'm a tipdrill Now mama girl you gotta friend that dont mind joinin in I'm a tipdrill, cause I'm a tipdrill [Kyjuan] Now baby girl bring it over let me spit my pimpjuice I need a tipdrill, I need a tipdrill Now baby girl bring it over let me spit my pimpjuice I need a tipdrill, I need a tipdrill [Ali] I said it ain't no fun less we all get some I need a tipdrill, we need a tipdrill I said it ain't no fun less we all get some I need a tipdrll, we need a tipdrill [Hook] [Ali] Now come on girl you know what we came here for Is You a tipdrill, we need a tipdrill I said now come on girl you know what we came here for We need a tipdrill, I gotta tipdrill [Kyjuan] You lookin good in them shorts but they look better on the floor Cause yous a tipdrll, cause yous a tipdrill You lookin good in them shorts but they look better on the floor Cause yous a tipdrill, cause yous a tipdrll [Murphy Lee] Now ya see I wanna let you ride but the rubber might slide Yous a tipdrill, girl you a tipdrill I said I wanna let you ride but the rubber might slide Yous a tipdrill, girl you a tipdrill [Nelly] Turn that ass up mama put that dip in ya back And let me tipdrill, just let me tipdrill Turn that ass up mama put that dip in ya back And let me tipdrill, just let me tipdrill [Hook] [Nelly] We be like andele andele mami, E.I. E.I Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! What's poppin tonight? I said andele andele mami, E.I. E.I Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Well If the head right, I'll be there ery'night Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! What's poppin tonight? Andele andele mami, E.I. E.I Uh-ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Well If the head right, I'll be there ery'night [Girl] It must be ya money, cause it ain't ya face You a tipdrill, nigga you a tipdrill I said it must be ya money, cause it ain't ya face You a tipdrill, nigga you a tipdrill My apple bottom look right, I know you wanna bite Yous a tipdrill, I heard you was a tipdrill My apple bottom look right, I know you wanna bite Yous a tipdrill, I heard you was a tipdrill I got you payin my bills and buyin automobiles Yous a tipdrill, nigga you a tipdrill I got you payin my bills and buyin automobiles Yous a tipdrill, nigga you a tipdrill I know you a trick go spend that shit You old tipdrill, you monkeyass tipdrill I know you a trick go spend that shit You old tipdrill, you monkeyass tipdrill [Hook] [Interlude] I need a FREAK (ohhhh) To hold me tight (ohhhh) I need a FREAK for seven days and seven nights (ohhhh) I need a FRREEAK (ohhhh) That will not choke (ohhhh) I need a FREAK ta let me stick it down her ohhhhh [Hook] - repeat 2X [St. Lunatics] St. Louis got tipdrill Nap-town got tipdrill Cleveland got tipdrill K.C. got tipdrill Miami got tipdrill New Orleans got tipdrill Detroit got tipdrill D.C. got tipdrill Westcoast got tipdrill Chi-town got tipdrill A.T.L. got tipdrill Oklahoma got tipdrill All you all got tipdrill Midwest got tipdrill Eastcoast got tipdrill Whole world got tipdrill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Lincoln University Vocal Ensemble Album: Sweat Song: Heart of a Champion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Nelly exercising and breathing hard*} [Nelly] C'mon, uhh, uhh I guess he's back 'urr derrty, S-T-L derby I'm like Magic to Kareem, mayne you tell me I ain't Worthy I ain't speakin 'bout a jersey, I'm speakin 'bout income DID YOU HEAR THAT ELIZABETH? HERE COME THE BIG ONE! I put mo' money in the community than you got in yo' budget I wipe my ass with yo' advance to the toilet then flush it My last stance be a stance of a General Custard I hot dog cause I can, I got the cheese and mustard I got the stats of a hall of famer - in just two records That's why I'm back up at the Superbowl - with Julius Peppers I got that cain't stop, won't stop, in my veins That's why they cain't stop, won't stop, screamin the name NELLY! NELLY! Go tell a friend to tell a friend I'ma keep the same grin whether I, lose or win Up, or down ten, I'ma fight to the end {*breathing hard*} Let's go [Chorus: L.U.V.E.] Ain't no way they can stop me now Nelly Cause I'm on my way, I can feel my ring comin It's the blood of a champion, pumpin Deep inside my veins, too much pride to be runnin I'ma get what I can and more, even if My blood, my sweat, and my tears don't mean nothin It's the heart of a champion (it's the heart of me) (It's the heart of a..) in me [Nelly] I'm the first pick, the first round, signin bonus profound Playin for his hometown, reppin for the home ground And gettin Bucks like Michael Redd, tell 'em again I gets Bucks like Michael Redd, heard what I said? The M-V-P of the game, intensity still the same I'm shootin out from my reign, with Peyton Manning type aim Can't stop me from scorin so they results are just hackin So there's, three of us now - me, A.I. and Shaq'n From the look to the as I say Hover man with more heart than Hallmark on Valentine's Day I'm the one that you've been Raven about, like Ray Lewis I think it hard to go and change your route Cause you don't know if I'm blitzin or if I'm sittin and readin Waitin for you to go and trip, drop back and throw up a pick, man AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW, AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW, AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW [Nelly] It's like a big time decision made on how I can twurk it If hard work pays off then easy work is worthless My work habit ain't no habit man, I do it on purpose I push myself to the limit so my talent'll surface So now it's, curtains and drapes, on anybody who hates Dislikin what I'm recitin, bitin what I've been writin I've been dogfightin, scratchin and clawin on every height Tryin to make you remember me like you +Remember the Titans+ Cause I'm a WARR-IOR, my daddy was a soldier A Vietnam vet, lil' derrty I thought I told ya I'm supposed ta, whip up your town in Testarossas Heatin like Folgers mayne, I'm young black and rich As good as it gets, and givin your point guard fits He think he done seen pressure mayne, but he ain't seen shhhh... AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW, AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW, AIN'T NO WAY THEY CAN - BLOW [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Jazze Pha Album: Sweat Song: Na-Nana-Na Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jazze Pha] Ladies and gentlemen! Ladies and gentlemen This, is truly an event Nelly Nel, Jazze Phizzle, Jazz Phiza-fel (Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) Woooo-eee! (Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) Woo, woo, woo, oh boy! (Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) Oh boy! Ohhh! Hey, hey hey hey hey hey hey [Chorus: Nelly] Well uh-huh, well uh-huh girl I'm parked outside And you know that it's sittin on chrome, chrome (uh-huh) Hey, I'm just lookin for a pretty young thang that uh, I can take home (take home) Can we leave hurr (yeah) can we leave hurr (yeah) Can we leave hurr (yeah) can we leave hurr - shorty can we leave hurr (yeah) can we leave hurr (yeah) Can we leave hurr (yeah) can we leave hurr (yeah) [Nelly] I'm throwin nuggets out the fellow I push to Carmello Yellow on yellow flooded the band and the bezel Hear me now! Oh, no, did you see the hue? I took the Phantom to the Opera, same van roll through the ghetto Can we leave hurr? Shorty need to make up her mind I seen them niggaz over there, but they ain't takin my shine Got 7 niggaz tryin to be me, out here breakin they spine But they got 7 different levels for they minions to mind I want you both shorty (oh) go get it crunk shorty (oh) I see your A-T-L stamp and go' head and stomp shorty (oh) I got that shake now, and don't be scared now Cause we can come from the kitchen up to that bed now Shit it ain't nuttin to a boss, I heat you like air off It ain't nuttin, they ain't cuttin, they frontin, that's they loss Cause the, 'Tics is good, and the van is paid off And I done got so damn cocky I took that Band-Aid off [Nelly] Uhhhhhhhh, picture perfect, I paint a perfect picture Third album, same focus, my intent is to get richer I'm with my dirty Jazze Phizzle, he yieldin that instrumental Youse a cold-ass nigga on the track (SHO' NUFF!) Man - I'm tired of poppin these bottles, tired of fuckin these models I'm tired of these menage-a nights - yeah right (PSYCH!) I was built for it, I got hip for it I even got a little swagger in my limp for it I done had, sex in the city plus sex in the country You know - sex in the zoo di-rectly behind the monkeys Hold up! Don't get me wrong, I'm lookin for Ms. Right But tonight ain't the time, I'm lookin for right now It's two-thousand-fo', I'm in a new home Threw out the Bentley bought a Double R {?} It's like I'm holdin on to permanent mistletoe, I think you been sittin low I got a driver dirty, he come when the whistle blow [Nelly] (Na-nana-na) I'm smoother than you know (Na-nana-na) Cadillac do's and bank rolls (Na-nana-na) I simply go places you can't go Ain't see me in no Linc', but you know that derrty in Brougham I be on my (grind-na-grind-na-grind-na-grind) With my money on my (mind-my-mind-my-mind-my-mind) Plus I'm still in my (prime-my-prime-my-prime-my-prime) And we be smokin that (la-lala-lala-lala) (Na-nana-na, nana, nana, nana) - {*repeat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Sweat Song: Flap Your Wings Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Chorus - Nelly] (Pharrell) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Hell naw, ain't leaving me alone girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) Hell naw, ain't leaving me alone girl (Flap your wings) Drop down and get your eagle on girl (Flap your wings) [Pharrell & Vanessa Marquez] (Nelly) [P] (She's got that!) Sweat dripping all over her body [V] Do you like that sweat dripping all over my body? [P] (Oh! Oh! Yeah I like that) Sweat dripping all over yo body [V] You like that sweat dripping all over my body [Verse - Nelly] It's summertime and I'm back again Then went to VA yo and got my friends Say wassup Pharrell! (? love us now) Yeah! But let's show em what's above an L, BLING! 100 thou' couldn't get ya one of these I guarantee there ain't a flaw in one of these 200 thou' couldn't get you in the league And 300 thou' you couldn't even buy the keys I think ya need to add 50 more G's Now shall I proceed?! (yes indeed!) Ho! I need to see ya take it down to the floor Spread your wings if you're real ma, fly real low Pause for a second ma, grind real slow And if you do it right Rodeo we'll go Ho! I talk a lil Fred Siegel girl Bonnie and Judy Lee but when she bad call Vida Guerra Apple bottom wit a pearl underneath it You talking like you don't need it, I can tell ya conceded I like that in you, I don't see nothing wrong Drop down and get your eagle on, whoa! [Verse - Nelly] Now what's next, the trend sin up in this party 'O.P.P.' time, now let's get 'Naughty' You take baby girl and I'm a take shorty Wit the sweat dripping all over her body We gon move if you wanna (oh!) groove if you wanna (oh!) Fly ya north up ma and get rude if you wanna Ain't got nothing to lose nor to prove Baby girl soaking like she just got up out the pool, eh! I know you're thirsty ma, go 'head and order what you want Some call it tricking, go 'head call it what you want I came to ball, I ain't come out here to front Cause the black card'll pickup what the grey card won't Her attractiveness, got me attacking this Oh so fabulous! buttimus maximus! She wanna fly south for the winter I might just go down south just to win her Hell naw she ain't gon leave me alone Making plans for us to be at home Take your pants off ma, you can leave your panties on But first drop down and get your eagle on, whoa! [Pharrell & Vanessa Marquez] [P] She's got that sweat dripping all over her body [V] Do you like that sweat dripping all over my body? [P] Yeah I like that sweat dripping all over yo body [V] You like that sweat dripping all over my body [Bridge - Nelly] From the girls wit skinny waists to girls heavy set C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings To the girls wit extensions to the girls wit dreads C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings From the girls got it good living in the suburbs C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings To the ones in the ghetto wit their hands on their - curves C'mon flap your wings, c'mon flap your wings, OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Sweat Song: American Dream Typed by: vokal001@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook x2: Nelly] Yo it be I man, fuckin it up for errbody I can't lie man, they thought I was just gettin started Peep the pie man, its the american dream I'm just participatin, my participation is game [Nelly] I'm makin this one for the hotel, motel, Holiday Inns Super 8, Red and the Ritz Carltons All my niggaz that tryin to ball, my niggaz ballin All my soldiers and generals, errbody fall in Stop stallin, pick up the phone and call in Tell your boss you ain't gon make it to work in the mornin and while you explainin go head and throw a cough in and kindly explain that this won't happen often but I'm long and I'm amazed, I'm be willin then dazed I rage that niggaz think that derrty don't need a cage I should be put on display, for the display I'm displayin Half you niggaz is dyin and all the rest are decayin I'm doin tracks in hotels steady rockin girls bells Kinda like a young L residin in Nellyville I never squeal, not the type to kiss and tell but if I catch ya in the shower I might kiss ya tail [Hook x2: Nelly] Yo it be I man, fuckin it up for errbody I can't lie man, they thought I was just gettin started Peep the pie man, its the american dream I'm just participatin, my participation is game [Ali] Now as I bounced off, Kyweezy writin movies Slo done took that mask off Mo's the leader what do ya know, Murph run his ass off I got every whip, derrty even got a Nascar and you know we fucked up at his house Ayo my rain on weed, naps and Japanese Clap at g's, smack 'em back on they knees Drop on wack, simple facts that rap needs and its always Christ-a-mas and wrap trees and I got my game, I said I got my game from the OG's Smokin reefer, moonshine pumpin OD's Bought a old plain chain, yeah you know me shipped in from Cali got it home, cops'll know these Yo we smashed the summer We oughta recoup, call NASA to do the numbers All the friendship on the vocals started fire in the booth Got more whips and chains than amastad and russe [Kyjuan] Ali I'm sicka ballin, unnecessary phone callin Man down, pimp in distress I think I'm fallin For anything but the okey doke I'm old school like her and bones and nooky ropes I can't stand no groupie folks They want me to turn around like this is hokey poke They wanna bring me down like Irv before I choked I'm not a joke at all, I'm Quick-Draw-McGraw and number 20 on the Lakers couldnt hold me yall I'm climbin over yall, I'm still scorin 85 percenta yall awake but still snorin Got knowledge of self and now my style is much older now We Derrty Ent., We all we got we hold it down I'm feelin cooler than cool, my wrist cold and wild If theres a fashion king then I deserve the crown I'm U-City, you dressin up I'm dressin down and you keep messin up, me and your girl gon be messin around [Hook x2: Nelly] Yo it be I man, fuckin it up for errbody I can't lie man, they thought I was just gettin started Peep the pie man, its the american dream I'm just participatin, my participation is game [Murphy Lee] Ayo I'm fresh out the gate from the Lou with a Grammy in my resi' Nelly bought me a presi' with a diamond in the besi' Tics taught me how to walk so when I run I be ready Female fans sayin that I'm they baby daddy Whoa more attention than Justin and Janet How I Midwest Swang and how I St. Louis Ram it Derrty Ent. damnit, got more bread than a samich and my wrist got more Nuggets than Carmelo and Camby Look, I'm from the Lou and I'm important like the Arch so tourists look for me like an important part shoot Find your talent, use your talent get your money or don't find your talent and don't use it and stay bummy But that ain't on me cuz we built it from scratch My neck shit is a house witha house in the back Man I been wild since middle school, I was that little dude That been around more waist lines than hula hoops The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Murphy Lee, Stephen Marley Album: Sweat Song: River Don't Runnn Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Stephen Marley] Yeah! Yeahhhh, yeah! Yeah, right down, right down Light on, heh, right down [Chorus: Nelly] + (S. Marley) They say - walk down the river cause the river don't run (Yeah!) Same thing make you laugh, make you cryyyyyyyyyyyy (That's why what goes around comes around, my son) They say - walk down the river cause the river don't run (River don't run!) Same thing make you laugh, make you cryyyyyyyyyyyy - c'mon! Plus I got the rocks, them yellow diamonds and that oh-oh-ohh Bling! [Nelly] C'mon! Yeah, yeah, yeah And I got two twin Cutlass's interior gatored (hmm) I call 'em Now'N'Laters cause they candy flavored You see, I drive one now and drive the other one later Shit it's the new Fresh Prince and all I'm missin is Jada (hey) I got a hard drive, all I'm missin is data Please give my number to your sister, I been missin a dater I hate to hate a hater, in fact I hate to hate Hatin is hatin, you should never hate, congratulate Look hurr, my attitude is sensed that you may never know my mind I know just what I'm thinkin if I don't want you inside Yeah, inside my men-tal, I know you meant well I'm +Out Of Time+ and out of +Training Days+ like Denzel Never the gangsta type, more like a hustler - mayne I fuck them ones up out them +Playboy+ books and +Hustler+ - mayne +Honeys+ and +Black Tails+ (uhh) the +King+ magazines (yeah) The +Maxim+ or the "Eye Candy" +Jet Beauty Queens+ [Nelly] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I'ma spit it 'til I really can't spit it no mo' (yeah) Nothin changed, cell phone still 3-1-4 Nah the derrty ain't moved to near East/West coast I'm a "Midwest Swanger" cause they love me the most (hey) Some like me humble, others like me to boast Please, my whole life is alphabets and numbers I take a G-4 Land to that H-2 Hummer Leave at 7:45 in L.A. for the summer I got the World Wide sale to check the E-mail Plus 401-K plan in A-T-L Got eight females, I see 'em all from 8 to 12 The only playa who can ball without his A.C.L. (c'mon!) Who may not be original but still a don-dada (yeah!) I'm gon' take this beat and flip it, I'm gon' make it hotter (yeah!) You go 'head and take your plane and I'm gon' take the chopper I'm tired of niggaz frontin like they top gun shottas (hey) [Stephen Marley] Not come runnin ovah! Jah-Jah shine his light (JAH!) Blessed is the day! Sacred is the night (yeah) Wrong wishers beware (watch it) now that I am here Hey, lordy lordy lordy lordy Lord Lordy lordy lordy lordy Lord [Murphy Lee] Shoot, they thought a derrty wouldn't make it this far (far) Now I'm supportin my family, they likin who I are (are) Schoolboy a hard worker, they consider him a star I guess that's why they look at us as if we from Mars Singin-a-ling! I deal with bars like a weight trainer (trainer) Hustlin got me bigger like weight gainer (gainer) Always remain a, St. Louis entertainer My women love me later, how could a hater blame her? Shoot, I'm just that dude that kick bars for a livin Get rich and trick, collect cars for a livin Houses on hills, with Great Lakes in the back Bowlin alleys in basements, beds bigger than Shaq's Damn, look at the leather in that old school 'Llac They be doo-doo green, I wonder who would do that The original rude dude, considered too cool Probably know me from touchin yo' booty at school Bling! [S. Marley ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Christina Aguilera Album: Sweat Song: Tilt Ya Head Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly] + (C.A.) Somebody gimme a bassline Yeah that's tight, check it Drop the drums right here Think we missin somethin (Mmmmmmmyeah) Oh I got it (Yeahhhhayyy) Put some horns right here Let's do it again (Yea-yayy-yayy! Ha!) (Uh-uhh-ohhh, awright!) Give her what she want Give her what she want (woo! ha) Give her want she want, 'gwan, give her what she want [Christina Aguilera] I see you lookin, like what you see Boy, now don't be shy Ain't nothin but facin opportunity [Nelly] + (C.A.) She's right you know (uhh, uhh) She's right (yeah) Man, she's right you know (uhh, uhh) She's right (OW!) You stand there lookin at me and (at me) I stand here lookin at you girl (at you boy) You know exactly what's on my mi-hiiiind, yeahhh [Christina Aguilera] + (Nelly) It's just the way that I see (to see) You came here lookin for me (but, uhh, uhh) But I don't do this type of thing all the ti-iiiiime [Nelly] Oh, you want me to [C.A.] C'mere boy-oy-oyyy, I gotta little somethin for ya [Nelly] Gotta little bit, can I get a little bit, yea yea [C.A.] And I don't know-oww [Nelly] I don't know, what it is, but I just wanna get to know ya [Nelly] Awright, awright, yeahhh [Chorus: Christina Aguilera] + (Nelly) I need to daaaaaaaaaaaaance (tilt ya head back) (take it down now) All night (bring it back up, slow-ly, fa' sho') I need you to, daaaaaaaaaaaaance (tilt ya head back) (take it down now) All night (bring it back up, slow-ly, that's right) [Nelly] Now situations, girl, they often change - listen to me Sometimes for the good (and) sometimes for the bad, but who's to blame [C.A.] + (Nelly) He's right you know (uhh, uhh) He's right (OH! Baby girl) He's right you know (uhh, uhh) He's right, OW!! [Nelly] + (C.A.) You stand there lookin at me and (at me) I stand here lookin at you girl (at you boy) You know exactly what's on my mi-hiiiind, yeahhh [Christina Aguilera] + (Nelly) It's just the way that I see (to see) You came here lookin for me (but, uhh, uhh) But I don't do this type of thing all the ti-iiiiime YEAHHHH-YEAHHHH [C.A.] C'mere boy-oy-oyyy, I gotta little somethin for ya [Nelly] Gotta little bit, can I get a little bit, yea yea [C.A.] And I don't know-oww [Nelly] I don't know, what it is, but I just wanna get to know ya [Nelly] Awright, awright, yeahhh [Nelly] Everybody just [Christina Aguilera] + (Nelly) Hustle for me, hustle (hustle) Hustle for me, hustle (hustle) Hustle for me, hustle (hustle) Hustle for me, yeahhh [Christina Aguilera] AHHHHHHHHHHHH, you got some nerve! Think you're so.. I got a little bit of that - that, little bit of this - this Little bit of rap with a little bit of bitch yeah [Nelly] + (C.A.) You stand there lookin at me and (at me) I stand here lookin at you girl (at you boy) You know exactly what's on my mi-hiiiind, yeahhh [Christina Aguilera] + (Nelly) It's just the way that I see (to see) You came here lookin for me (but, uhh, uhh) But I don't do this type of thing all the ti-iiiiime [Nelly] You want me to [C.A.] C'mere boy-oy-oyyy, I gotta little somethin for ya [Nelly] Gotta little bit, can I get a little bit, yea yea [C.A.] And I don't know-oww [Nelly] I don't know, what it is, but I just wanna get to know ya [Nelly] Awright, awright, yeahhh [Nelly] + (C.A.) Give her what she want (hey) give her what she want (woo-woo-woo) (oooh yea yeah) Give her what she want, 'gwan, give her what she want (Oh Nelly) Give her what she want (Nelly Nelly) give her what she want (You make me so sweaty baby, yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah) Give her what she want, 'gwan, give her what she want (Ye-yeah, ye-yeah, so!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Fat Joe, Remy Martin, Young Tru Album: Sweat Song: Grand Hang Out Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Nelly] I see you niggaz out here rentin and leasin these cars Frontin like you buyin buyin buyin buyin Claimin that you makin so much paper but I know That I know that you a liar liar liar liar Let a grand hang out, let a grand hang out Dip deep into your pockets, let a grand hang out Let a grand hang out, let a grand hang out If you ballin then quit the stallin, let a grand hang out [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon! Hey yo, I pull up so aggressive nigga, hoppin out the thang Ice drippin wet like I just hopped up out the rain My picture perfect pose like I hopped up out a frame Ain't a coach on the planet that can take me out the game My heart beats forever like my name was Eddie King A Midwest rider like my derrty Jesse James The CEO of Derrty and he go by Cornell Haynes Mean-muggin all you niggaz like I hopped up out your dame I'm like uh-oh, there he go-oh A hundred and twenty up Natural Bridge in that Mo-Mo Slippin and slidin, look how he ridin pass the po-po He blazin that fire behind the {?} they don't know-oh Whoo! I'm really thinkin of changin my name to Krispy Kreme I'm do-nuts nigga, let me tell you what I mean I'm paper chasin, chasin the paper, you chasin dreams My money gettin stronger like it's takin Creatine [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh [Young Tru] My pockets like Wyclef Jean, a Fu-gees/few G's We them locksmith boys, we keep a few ki's Caterpillar pimp, that butterfly whores Lamborghini spreewells, butterfly doors Some'n like McDonald's when I move in packs Quarter-Pound Supersized bullets and Big Mac's House longer than I-70, arise ten stories And I still +Rob+ niggaz just like Horry Everybody hate on Young Tru boy Cause they know that the nigga on fire fire fire fire Rap phenomenon - soon as the album drop artists don't eat like the month of Ramadan Derrty this, Derrty that, guess I'm a Derrty cat Sellin niggaz some chickens, rob 'em get the birdies back Plumber of the game, that flood the state In a stretch Phantom, with more Windows than Bill Gates {*echoes*} [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, Joey Crack! [Fat Joe] Yeah.. they lease and we buy 'em, we peace and they crime They dyin cause we street, keep heat, and keep firin Y'all know, top of the world's my motto (uhh) Anna Kournikovia, baby girl's my model (uhh) All I wanted in life is to be a soldier Now you can find me with chicks just doin yoga Meditation that Marley, the hydraulicals You heard Big, go check the Brown, they might hire you High definition to any form of telecast Me and young derrty got plenty hoes and hella cash All I need is a minute to "Shatter Your Dreams" And we about to sell more than Avril Lavigne (biatch!) And all I do is rep the hood where the jugs be Can't help it if the folks at MTV love me Y'all see the T.S. we shinin, come to the B-X we grindin Y'all wanna be us keep tryin, we buyin, he's lyin [Nelly] Uhh.. uhh, ladies! [Remy Martin] We like, fuck, that; I need a stack And like, forty-nine to go with that I'm quick to, tell a hoe her flow is wack The type to, cop the jersey, throw it back See I can stunt and tell a chick "Yo let your man hang out" Since he frontin like it's nothin, let a grand hang out Fuck a handout, I been gettin guap since way back Can't wait to see they faces when I drop the Maybach You lyin, you claim you buyin but you rentin and leasin If you pimpin and niggaz spendin, where's the paper you seein? Stop stallin, I'm ballin, call me Sheryl Swoops Can't stand the backseat driver, that's why I cop the Coupe Yeah, a Benz SLR with the darkest tints So explicit valet hesitant to park the shit (errt!) I'm like a - block away and the whip be startin (uhh) Oh God, it's Remy Martin! [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Sweat Song: Getcha Getcha Typed by: Bartzs@Xavier.edu * * send corrections to the typist (HO!) (HEY!) See the band played on (Getcha, getcha, getcha, I better getcha) And they was singin my song  (Getcha, getcha, getcha, gonna getcha, right?) (Repeat x4) Watch the band play on [Nelly] I got them folks on the left, man they going like (HO!) I got them folks on the right, and they be screaming like (HEY!) I got them folks in the back, man they be yelling like (HO!) I got them folks down front, waving they hands like (HEY!) [Kyjuan] What we gonna do about the middle, man? (HO!) They get it swinging, juke jumping, a little man (HEY!) I'm from the middle man, watch dirty entertain (HO!) Capacity ten thousand, we packed the whole thing (HEY!) [Ali] To get the spot leaning That's what we trying for We all we got, that's why we rhyme so I feel we the best, no sense in lying, though Now, all together, watch the crowd go [Murphy Lee] I'm just a dirty from the Lou, I got a whole lot of (HO!) Smoking on some shit from a barn they call (HEY!) I don't pay for no pussy, I try to stay away from (HO!) If I do pay for something, you know what I'm on  [Nelly] I get a hundred-fifty thou' to make the crowd go (HO!) I might fly by you in that Diablo (HEY!) I'm leaving St. Louis, smashing that throttle (HO!) In three hours flat, I hit Chicago (HEY!) [Kyjuan] Black stacks and 'Lacs, it's what I earned so far (HO!) This copycatting thing is going too far (HEY!) Cheefing, reefing, no more burning the 'gar (HO!) Sipping Pinot Bridgio while I'm churching at bars (HEY!) [Ali] Derrty ENT screaming at our show (HO!) I'm catching to freak something to die for (HEY!) I stick twenty, twenty-four, that's how high I go (HO!) And smoke like a chimney, puffing that hydro (HEY!) [Murphy Lee] Now, every time I'm up on that stage, somebody screaming (HO!) Every time that my back is turned, somebody saying (HEY!) When I'm up in the club, it's so easy to get a (HO!) But I'd rather get a young lady that's cool with the... [Murphy Lee] I'm sick of wannabe gangsters that be pretending they not a (HO!) Talking behind your back, but when they see you they like (HEY!) I don't pay no attention, I'm only there to steal your (HO!) And I ain't got to like your ass, I'll still smoke your (HEY!) [Ali] No music, no weed, what should we ride for? (HO!) We roll with them Twista like we Chicago (HEY!) Shout out to OPEC rolls up the five four (HO!) The streets of St. Louis call it survival (HEY!) [Kyjuan] Your game ain't tight, no you ain't pimping kin (HO!) You see the Cutlass Supreme I'm sitting in? (HEY!) Lime green chinchilla, ooh that's a different skin (HO!) Where I'm from, we wear blue and gold like we Michigan (HEY!) [Nelly] I know you a lady, but tonight, can you be a (HO!) Is that your man chasing you down, behind you yelling (HEY!) He cussing like a motherfucker, calling her a (HO!) She asking me what she should do, I just look like... [Chorus] - 2X Watch the band play on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Sweat Song: Another One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (This, is, Derty E-N-T, Bassment Beat Productions) Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, sing that shit! [Chorus: Nelly] Oh! You can search in the gutter down low You can even wait 'til the mountain comes down And if you wanna wait 'til the river runs dry But you'll never find another one You can search around the whole damn globe Search from in the North, to the East, Westside I bet your bottom dime No matter what you do, you'll never find another one [Nelly] Hey yo this chronic got me to', I try to shake it and break it Thinkin it won't go, I went to see the doctor X-rays it won't show, I even wrapped myself up in blankets Just like a cold cause I'm so sick-wid-it It just happened on a song, I feel it in my eyes My urrs and in my nose, my fingers and my toes Translated into flows, man rap gon' need a facelift I'm just so hungry I can taste it Imagine me up in the sto', somewhere behind the counter pushin buttons on the drawer, like doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo Chk-chicka, here you go, please come another day I waited a lot of winter days and summer nights to rock the mic City locked down, right before me and the other 'Tics went down You fuckin right it went down Fuckin right I drink Crown, fuckin right we move crowds It's a Derty E-N-T thang, want ya pretty sweet thang [Nelly] I said I like the way you do that right thurr - uh You just remember why you do that right thurr - uh I made it tight to be country, they thought country was bummy Until country start makin money, now they all in Kentucky Oklahomas and Nashvilles, they givin out record deals (They eventually had their shot) man they been had skills But leave it up to Moses, cause he gon' lead us out I made the world accept on how we speak and how we shout I started that whassup dirty, that dirty how ya doin I let the dirty go up and now niggaz runnin through it Huh, that's why I did it - mayne, just don't forget it - mayne The whole world know I killed it but I still get acquited - mayne I'm a thoroughbred, with some thorough bread I got a thorough chick waitin with some thorough head I'ma pro model, I'm fitted for the new era ranks I should move to Bel-Air the way I +Phillip Banks+ [Nelly] I take a pair of black nines and I'm - the man I said a pair of black nines make 'em - jump man I push your wig from the back to the - front man Just cause I'm peaceful don't mistake me for no - punk man Shit I'ma come clean, I should sleep on the triple beam I'm too damn dope nigga to hang around fiends Plus a team, playa, I never play the team Cause even if I win, we all gettin rings We all gon' bling whether I rap or sing Matter of fact, I should hit a note now just for the hell of it Ohhhhhhh-e-ohh, HOE, ohhhhhhh-oh, oh I'm a muh'fucka, a motherfucker muh'fucka Have my son daddy uncle newphew brother muh-fucka I'ma low pro arsenal, and you can ask SoundScan or ASCAP if you doubtin yo [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Sweat Song: Spida Man Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly] That motherfucker was horrific Yes it was, yes it was Okay, I was Sittttttttttin, on the hillllllllll Countin my, DOUGH Million-two, million-three, million-four Five million, six million, seven million more Then I heard a knock knock, who's there? It's yo' friendly neighborhood cat leanin in that Modena Spider Man So bewurr Come take a look up in the sky, you can't lie I know you feel it when it Sittttttttttin, on the hillllllllll Countin my, DOUGH Million-two, million-three, million-four Five million, six million, seven million more Then I heard a knock knock, who's there? It's yo' friendly neighborhood cat leanin in that Modena Spider Man So bewurr (bewurr) Come take a look up in the sky, you can't lie I know you feel it when it (KNOCK KNOCK) [Nelly] I used to live in cellars, I used to coke a sellah Two hundred million fella, call me a fo'tune tella Tryin to get over Eazy, like they was Jerry Heller I never want to jail-ah, cause I'm too slick a fella Seen me on wheels befo', man you should see me now It might be hard though, because I sit too high I sit up on the hill, but I'm still down to earth I'm like the Rams man I'm at the best when on my turf You watch your girl flirt, you watch your girl tease You think your girl want cheese? Then check your girl knees You need to check her needs, befo' I check 'em for ya Cause once I check her needs, she won't be checkin for ya You hear a KNOCK KNOCK, who is it that's, payin a visit She's, goin ballistic while he's, sippin on her Mystic Whoa, it's the exquisite one named Mo, or short for Moses I think I'll go back to countin my money now [Nelly] Say I don't come to the hood, what do the fuck they know? Who else drivin that Bentley, out there in front of Wo's Sittin out in front of Tandy, I got my phone handy Give me the numbers I'ma call 'em, you been missin for 'em I'm buyin bikes for tykes, there'll be some uniforms While they just rap about we fo' sho' fo' kids and show 'em At elementary schools, the day of show and tell We didn't come to show, mo' like we came to tell Tell 'em how to keep it strong, on how to keep it tight To tell they right from wrong, to turn your wrong right Watch all they words and actions, thoughts companies and habits Leave them tricks for rabbits, that greed for the savage And you can make it happen, if you just don't give up I guarantee that you can be that anything you want Give 'em that real talk, show 'em that real walk And maybe one day you can be like me, somewhurr KNOCK KNOCK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Missy Elliott, Mobb Deep Album: Sweat Song: Playa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Missy] Yeahhayyy, yeahhh [Havoc] Yeah, uh-huh [Missy] Yah.. [Missy] Yeahhayyy, yeahhayyy! [Havoc] Yeah.. fo' sho' [Missy] Yeahh! Yah.. [Missy] Mmmm-mmm-mmm, mmmm-mmm-mmm [Missy] Uhh, yah.. [Havoc] M-O-B-B baby [Missy] Wooooooooo! [Missy] Uhhhh.. [Havoc] Yeah! Right [Missy] Uhhhh.. [Havoc] Let's do this, one time baby [Missy] Uhhhh.. [Havoc] Yea-yea [Missy] Yah.. [Havoc] Yo [Verse One: Havoc] Whattup ma, the name H doe, I'm into pesos V.I.P. and champagne by the caseloads Doubles get you from that bar, and get you right Or get you bent, whatever you like I'm not into wifin - no sir I just wanna beat it up, hear the kitty-cat purr The whip or the tail, whichever you prefer The crib off limits, got wifey durr Got a man home beast, then be easy ma She don't know how to creep, I be teachin ma I got jars of that haze, yeah I'll show you how to twist Get it tight but not too tight, it's all in the lick I'll show you which end to burn, how to spot that trick All you need is the will to learn .. and some good trees to burn Relax, you'll be straight like a perm, word [Chorus: Missy] I need a man, who's up on his game And can give me some affection, satisfy me many ways Are you the one to do it for me playa? (Are you the one to do it for me playa?) Then maybe I can hook up witcha later [Verse Two: Prodigy] Babe girl you now rockin with strength, Infamous Thugs is nuttin to slug Anyone, they try to ruin our fun I don't wanna scare you away, I'm sayin whassup Tell your friends come over here, and party with us If y'all from the hood, y'all gon' love our ways Cause we got money, and we still the same way Go 'head, do that dance, and you can feel free To be you and just do you, everything's great Yeah tonight we gon' have a little too much to drink Just leave your car in the lot, so you can feel safe We gon' party 'til six then take it to my place Then later on I'll have a car bring you back safe I ain't into games, I'll give it to you straight We can have a part time love, I just want it straight Really doe, I changed doe, not no dames So however you wanna call it, it's okay [Verse Three: Nelly] Uhh, uhh, aiy Check it, check it, check it Baby girl right here is where you need to be You better duck cause the bottles pop easily Go and get your other friends, cause you comin with me Derrty E-N-T with the M-O-B See, no respect for the +Country Grammar+ So I kick the Dunn language, the response was better We like, 'Dunn' did it, 'Dunn' hit it, 'Dunn' split it Everything hon wanted, Dunn was with it She like to see me doo-rag'd and me ball-cap'd She like to see me tailored, Gator'd, slacked In fact, I see you lookin through the windshield wipers As the rain hit the windows on the blue Dodge Viper The sniper, not never but hit ya from long range Check it, got haters like X had Brother Baines Used to have quarter thangs but now I got quarter games Got a quarter of a movie, here come {?} trains [Verse Four: Missy] I'm not tryin to be your girlfriend (you dig) I ain't even tryin to lock you in There's no need for us to pretend I'd rather spend yo' dividends You and me can be lover friends I'd rather keep this between us two Let me know when you wanna begin And let me tell you what I want from you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Gube Thug Album: Sweat Song: Down in Da Water Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nelly] Ohh, uhh, uhh, uhh Diamond and heavy metal rocker, eight-tray hopper +Silkk+ headliner, ain't No Limit to how I +Shock+ ya All chrome dated, they suberb when I drop her All these haters, they suberb when I cock the Nah I ain't gon' tell ya (uh-uh) I keep that to myself But you gon' see it if you don't let me keep it to myself Don't make me start man, I'm from the heartland Where they might shoot you up (ohh) it's not your heart layin Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy down in da water Man look hurr homie, I'm from the "Show Me" And uh, you need to show me what you talkin about What all that gawkin about, or you just runnin your mouth I'm off the banks of that M-I-crooked letter-crooked letter-I The hump back girls with thighs Where they be built like bricks, praised for bein thick Or maybe skinny like a stick, but they fine as shit I stay.. [Chorus: Nelly] We stay wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy down in da water.. yeah Off the banks of the muddy Mississippi ready to put that ass in order (Shhhh, keep it quiet now) Wayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy down in da water.. yeah Off the banks of the muddy Mississippi ready to put that ass in order [Ali] Yo, check, yo You gettin close to me when you hit them rocks on the banks So grab your flippers, goggles and oxygen tank Go grab a wet suit, check your regulator soon Cause we pack spear guns and give niggaz harpoons Then we - flood the streets, oh how they - lovin me Come through in the Buick sittin so - love-ly We like some catfish lobsters, ghetto-fied mobstas Dress sharp, smile in your face and still rob (ho) I'm natural wit it (wit it) Supreme actual factual wit it (wit it) I got them gats you got to get it, you and them cats got to get it Get it.. (brrrrrap, pow pow pow, brrrrrap) .. I'm concrete booted, all khaki Dickie suited RUN FOR COVER! Somebody call up the Guinness Book of World Records, tell 'em we poppin tremendous Dirty we big truckin with weapons of mass destruction It's the muddy St. Louis, get to it, cash is nothin It go.. [Gube Thug] Yo.. I'm from the land of kick do's Where niggaz come through your window with pistols like Bruh Man off the fifth flo' See the way the wrist glow, sick flow Better yet, turn off the lights, I'll turn this bitch into a disco Hood crime highly infested Check your rap, rock and pop stations; Gube Thug, highly requested And my gun like Chris, you know I'm gon' +Tucker+ In a Spider Modena, the color of Apple Pucker And the game from the veterans, righteous bars I'm in it for longevity, stripes and stars And the world might change if ever I quit blessin it Just use my illest verse to throw in the New Testament I got a need for speed like Jeff Gordon Shot hoops in size 10, it's just Jordan Plus, I should be a warden the way I lock cells Might, catch me hoppin outta the truck, blowin the L We yellin.. [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Big Gipp, Lil' Flip Album: Sweat Song: Boy Typed by: jojoe_06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Booooyyy (Repeat 4X) [Nelly] oh oh oh oh oh oh So you the kang boy how could this be boy you gotta be blind to sell more records than me boy I can't complain boy don't say my name boy I'm like a run away slave I'm off the chain boy I'm bout' to jet boy straight flex boy I'm about to round princess cut and bagette boy don't disrespect boy I'll break your neck boy I got niggaz that sherm it up and get wet boy we driving vets and bentley coupes boy I ain't lying check my garage, I tell the truth boy I do it big boy you do it small boy I do some shit that you can't even do at all boy platinum tooth boy make it two boy come to the crib you can bowl, swim, or hoop boy big rule boy what are you doing in me yard you can run two miles and you still in my yard [Big Gipp] Quarter Quarters Nickels Dollars Dimes everytime boy butterfly my 84', fly first class boy dipping through the hood candy coated paint boy triple zero dope sacks no tax boy you walk fast, well I slow-poke boy you grip the leather, well I grip oak boy I keep a crease in my Dickies when I corner hang I love to sip champangne, funny ass names ladies love to see me Gucci or many of poochie love to see me in the gazelles to King Louis' shingles hanging from the end of my pants boy they love to see me do the old man dance boy I smoke plenty grass boy I'm touching on the ass boy go ahead and Sir Mix-A-Lot put it on the glass boy I'm from the South boy that's how it go boy we like to see em' drop it down and touch they toes boy Lil Flipper.. [Lil' Flip] I flip tracks boy like crack boy I got that 62 inch Maybach boy two tone boy lets get it on boy my money long boy now we smoking zones boy come take a hit boy we got the shit boy my big clover cost the price of ten bricks boy I'm from the South boy don't run your mouth boy sshhh.... cuz I'll have Al Capone at your house boy pull up in my drop top, you like boy to you it's a Bentley, to me it's a toy I'm like a pimp boy I ride spinners boy I'm hopping out with 3000 dollar tennis boy come take a look at me I'm off the chain boy the gameover, bitch, you know my name boy I'm Lil Flip boy a Clover G boy you better free Will Lean and Pimp C boy  - fade out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Pharrell Album: Suit Song: Play it Off Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Pharrell] She got that ba-da-buh-da Your girl ain't gotta know I hit ya last night I was all over your body goin ba-da-buh-da Dame be such a hottie Yo she's lookin over here but she won't get it out me y'all Shake it off, that's how you play it off Shake it off, that's how you play it off Not now, no you can't take it off But play it off, she won't know a damn thing [Pharrell] I play it off 'til it's played out I had her motherfuckin ass on the couch, honey laid out She hintin around at gettin ate out I know I'm spaced out (yeah) but the shit sound way out [Nelly] So I had to take a playa out, switch up my whurrabouts Cause she was tryin to turn a playa out And plus she know a nigga blazed out And lil' mama gon' crack a window, let the haze out [pre-Chorus: Pharrell] She said she loves that stroke Keep on her heels and her coat Then she say she loves my moves And the way I do, what I do She got that ba-da-buh-da Gotta make, sure, I don't get attached That ba-da-buh-da But it keeps, on, bringin me back [Pharrell] The Sun sick a triflin, so sick he have ya snifflin Plus the chains like the nigga Slick Rick an' them [Nelly] We had pick of them, strictly all dimensions and Not to mentionin the Benjamins is thickenin [Pharrell] And now it's like a odyssey when she sayin hi to me She eat the dick, then she cry when she gotta leave [Nelly] Bye, bye, you gotta go now (yeah) My girl, just, pulled up outside [pre-Chorus] [Pharrell] Just know the whole hood is lookin at you So don't let your girl catch you [Nelly] So have your story right, on how we met Just have your story right, and don't never forget You need your story right, cause she'll be upset Her inner feelings'll be disrespect, but [pre-Chorus] [Nelly] Story right  (Just know the whole hood is lookin at you) Story right (So don't let your girl catch you) Story right.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Jazze Pha, T.I. Album: Suit Song: Pretty Toes Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nelly] + (Jazze Pha) (Whoa) OHH! C'mon (Ladies and gentlemen) Ohh (Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen!) We wanna welcome e'rybody for comin out tonight (Phizzle Phizzle) Most definitely To another S-T-L/A-T-L connection Whoo! We don't normally do this but uhh We gon' keep the party goin (All around the world) [Chorus: Jazze Pha] Girls, girls, fly girls (yeah yeah yeahhhh) Pretty toes all around the world.. I'm lookin for the country girls (go shorty, do your thing now) City girls (go shorty, do your thing now) Sexy girls (go shorty, do your thing now) Pretty girls, ooh yeah [Nelly] I need that one that'll make ya heart stop when you see her She can get a pick of the 'Llac or the Modena I'll give it all from two to fo'-seaters It ain't gotta be Halloween, I'm +trickin+ just to +treat+ her Jealousy in the urr - other girls wanna be her She young right now, she's an up-and-comin diva She ain't gotta measure up, but she gotta be off the meter But if I can dance with Cindy, I can dance with Shaquita Cause I know I can, I shall, I will I feels I can, I felt I plays with a whole lotta mil's You ain't talkin 'bout nothin if you ain't talkin 'bout dollar bills (hey!) Shorty glow shine, so fine, you gotta keep her (hey!) Pretty toed, half Black, half seorita (hey!) Coochie so good, make it hard for you to leave her I'm a playa so even if I'm losin I never cheat her, huh [Chorus] w/ Nelly ad libs [T.I.] Hey, hey T.I.P. be off the meter when he sharp as a needle In a new two-seater, pissin on niggaz ego I don't wanna rap no mo', I'm CEO No mo' mnage--trois or full trio Three hoe, get in they mind like Miss Cleo You know, nigga try a hold like Judo (oh!) I know a lot of nigga hot about me ('bout me) I know you niggaz ain't forgot about me I'm the shawty with the O's and the 'dro And the blow and the, Jag-o and get the clothes out the sto' Anyway - I got a bottle of Mo' and X-O And I'm lookin for a modelin hoe, so let's go Get it right - six nights, six flights, six shows (six shows) Six checks, each one, six oh's (six oh's) Six broads to choose, they six pros Light-skinned Asian bitches with pink toes (okay) [Chorus] w/ Nelly ad libs [Jazze Pha] + (Nelly) There's so many fly girls I've seen around the worrrrld (All around the worrrrld) I gotta get me a girl (You gotta get you a what?) Hey, hey - I gotta get me a girl (You gotta get you a who?) C'mon c'mon - Nikki, Tasha, Kiki, and Laverne and Shirrrrl (Yeah, yeah I know that mayne) Hey, hey I gotta get me a girl (You gotta get you a what?) I gotta get me a girl, hey [Nelly] Uhh, uhh Now I done been around the world TWICE, back again Whoever thought I'd be twenty times plat-inum Whoever thought I'd have jewels but I lack a gem  I done dealt with plenty dimes, but I lack the ten A New York chick, I met her through the fashion biz And we be doin them type of thangs, you can't imagine shit She be bitin and screamin cause she's so passionate Shorty got blue eyes - I swear she African, African, African Talkin 'bout [Chorus] w/ Nelly ad libs [Nelly] Yeah! We wanna thank all the ladies for comin out tonight Every one that.. you know, open-toed, inch-heel stilleto Maybe you might have on a open-toed sandle Or maybe you just runnin to the grocery sto' in yo' house shoes with yo' feet out, girl you lookin good OH! [Jazze Pha] + (Nelly) There's so many fly girls I've seen (Go shorty, whoo!) around the worrrrld - all around the worrrrld (Go shorty) I gotta get me a girl (Definitely, ladies please) Hey, hey - I gotta get me a girl (Keep your feet well taken curr of) C'mon c'mon - Nikki, Tasha, Kiki (It's a must) And Laverne and Shirrrrl - hey, hey I gotta get me a girl - I gotta get me a girl I gotta get me a girl - hey, hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Jaheim Album: Suit Song: My Place Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Jaheim ad-libs] [Verse 1 - Nelly] I used to pride myself on being the other man But now it's flipped and I don't want you with no other man Why can't you understand that anything I'm offering I gave you the world, but you just wanted arguing From the time I picked you up, until the time I dropped you off again Even if flipped out on at the mall again "It's all his fault again" that's what you tellin all ya friends I ain't pointing fingers ma, I just wanna call again See how ya day going I know they stressin on ya I know them times get hard that's why I'm checkin on ya It's yours truly ma, I got little message for ya Anything he can do, girl I can do better for ya, cause [Bridge - Nelly] When we laugh or we cry it's together Through the rain and the stormiest weather We gon' still be as one it's forever It's forever, it's forever [Chorus - Jaheim] Won't you come on and go with me (come and go with me) (Oh girl) Come on over to my place (my place, my place) Won't you sit ya self down and take a seat And let me ease ya mind girl, we gon do it our way (our way) [Verse 2 - Nelly] I heard your friend tell a friend that told a friend of mine That you was thinking that we should do it one more time If this ain't the truth then hopefully it's not a lie Cause I ain't got no issue with hitting that another time We never had a problem with gettin it done Disagreed upon a lot ma, but the sex wouldn't one Now check it I know you get excited (still) when I come around and bite it (Girl) quit frownin up and quit actin like you don't like it (I like it) I know you like, (I like it) You really like it, (I really, really like it) (I want it), I know you want it, (adore it) Adore it, (so come with me enjoy it) [Bridge] [Chorus w/ ad-libs] [Verse 3 - Nelly] w/ (Jaheim ad-libs) Shawty where you been feels like a long time Long, long time since I seen ya, yes it has girl And I know I said some dumb things to you before But girl you know I didn't mean it I didn't mean one single word, I never meant one single word If I could take back every word I would and more fa sho' If I thought that you believe it Hey, girl, cause you make my life so convinient for me [Bridge w/ ad-libs] [Chorus w/ ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Suit Song: Paradise Typed by: westcoastrydah71@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Keeweezy Standadeezy The black leather Cuz I am a pimp Spell it out for 'em what your P I'm a Positive (and I) Intellectual (give 'em the M-P) Motivated Person Sound good to me You herre me I herre you She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she's The finest women that I've ever did seen And not to mention how she looked in them jeans She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she was The definition of a ghetto queen And you should see that apple bottom in jeans [Verse 1] I met her on a Sunday One day she walkin down the runway 5'5", so fine What the fuck I'm 'gon say And I just sit there patiently Just wait and observe Waitin for my perfect chance so I can spit out my words I think she openly scopin me Damn I hope she notice me Hopefully she'd go for me If so she on the boat wit me And I'ma take her places she can never imagine Like waterskiin in Costa Rica Snowmobilin in Aspen Does she prefer the cold of winter snow Or do she like it tropical Am I dreamin, let me know You tell me is it possible That I could be the one to end her search for a man And she could be my one to end my search for woman No time to slack know Act know Ooh I'm about to crack know I put my rap down, mack down Ain't no turnin back now I got this feelin that she feelin the same About to end these feelin games And just ask her her name She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she's The finest women that I've ever did seen And not to mention how she looked in them jeans She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she was The definition of a ghetto queen And you should see that apple bottom in jeans [Verse 2] So the next day, on Monday I'm ridin down the freeway Hit her on her 2Way I'm like watchu doin Tuesday She said that she be free anytime after three And every second after that'll be reserved for me I said that's good to know This ain't no mo' "I'll be there around four" Around fo' that fo' do' Phantom at your front door We can take it for a ride Kick it and conversate Debate or disfate Diner reservations at eight And after diner Champagne Walks along the beaches While that Moonlight Shines and your features And I can't create the words To explain my sudden nerves The temptation to feel your body Temptation to kiss the curves Started one kiss Two kiss She all on my neck and I Gimme that three kiss Four kiss I'm all on her neck Now the, temperatures rise And them hips and thighs Got me hipnotized Man I don't wanna starve It feels like Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she's The finest women that I've ever did seen And not to mention how she looked in them jeans She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she was The definition of a ghetto queen And you should see that apple bottom in jeans [Verse 3] They don't understand me cuz I really don't understand it myself I can't live without My girl Paradise is mine mayne Anywhere or time mayne She 'gon hold it down cuz she My girl She love me she love me not She love me to be on top She love daddy despite because she My girl And if you got any doubts Just ask when you see me out I'll tell you who I'm talkin about My girl [Chorus] X2 She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she's The finest women that I've ever did seen And not to mention how she looked in them jeans She said her name was Paradise That's what she said to me She said Paradise That's what she said it would be Cause she was The definition of a ghetto queen And you should see that apple bottom in jeans The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ron Isley, Snoop Dogg Album: Suit Song: She Don't Know My Name Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ron Isley] HOOO! Hooooooo Well well well.. yeahhhh [Chorus: R. Isley] There's this girl, AND, I see her every day But she don't know me (she don't know my name) And it ain't all that strange to me Cause I know hers, AND, it won't be long 'til she's convinced that I'm her man The one that's gon' take her away [Nelly] Yo, yo, yo Hey yo it's three in the mornin and the party's still goin Bass still knockin, +Pimp Juice+ still flowin 'Tics in the back, you can smell the chronic blowin I got girls all around, I got my Hef' game goin Baby girl right but her partner got ass Baby girl left but her partner got ass She got 'em stuffed in them boy shorts covered up with lil' hearts Her partner got 'em laced, cut right below the waist You can tell they got taste by they ensemble One like to salsa, the other the mambo Why settle for one when I can have the combo? Why do Cancun when I can go to Cabo? They like to work out, and I ain't talkin Tae*Bo They like fast cars, I ain't talkin Volvos They both are the devil but they like it diablo Don't worry got it covered just listen to Ronald [Snoop Dogg] Hmm, she say them suckers agitate her, told her I'm a regulator Man I wanna lay down witcha, maybe we can do it later I ain't got no time to waste, another move I got to make Cold thang, she ain't even know my nizzame (damn) I didn't even have to say it, baby wanna stop and play it Rewind that, pop and grind that You'll find that, a woman like yourself can't keep cumin by yourself Get in where you fit in, now enjoy yourself Cute brightskin brownskin take me to the mountain Get you wet like a fountain Then get your counselin, have a seat have a drink have a toke It's a +Doggy Dogg World+, you can have whatever you want ... or whatever you need, all you got to do it follow my lead Take my hand, and roll with me And live it up, with a D-O-double-G, lavishly [Ron Isley] Hey girl, what's yo' fantasy? Can I take you home? I want you here with me Ooh girl you blow my mind, I want to be yo' freak Let me take you there, to that ecstasy, hoo Oooooooooooh ba-by, ba-by Gotta get you home with me tonight Oh oh oh oh ohhhhhhhh, what's your name? What's your name? Gotta get you home with me tonight dear [Chorus] w/ ad libs [R. Isley ad libs to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Suit Song: N Dey Say Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly] Yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, let's go [Chorus: Nelly] + {*Spandau Ballet "True" sample*} Ohhhhh! And they say, ohhhhh-ohhh Oahhh-ohhhh, yeahhhh Ohhhhh! And they say, ohhhhh-ohhh Oahhh-ohhhh [Nelly] Hold up, stop ma, let me get a look at'cha Damn girl, I ain't seen you since prom Come to think about it, can't believe it's been that long I heard your man locked down now, how long he gone? Oh that long? How the hell'd he get time like that Three strikes with posession - aw he ain't comin back He left you with two kids and bills all around Plus you found out he had another chick 'cross town It's always the darkest, ah-right before the sunrisin And you gotta stay strong, for the kids in they eyes and And please don't despise, and go against all brothers And have a hatred in your heart and take it out on another I hate to sound Tupac-ish lil' mama, but +Keep Ya Head Up+ But you gon' make it, I promise - you keep your head up And that that don't kill you only makes you stronger And the will to succeed'll only feed the hunger, f'real {*echoes*} Hey [Nelly] I was at the gas station when a man walked past With a sign "will work for food, clothes or cash" And he asked if he could pump my gas - so I let him Clean the windshield and throw out the trash - so I let him Hey, I even asked the brother his name Where he was from, got kids man and what's they ages He kinda sturred for a second, he kinda looked surprise That anyone would even take an interest in his life He said, "Young brother dem the only wurrds, I done hurrd, in the last yurr that wasn't low or get the fuck away from hurr" How could somethin so simple as general conversation mean much more than general conversation? Hey You could tell life had beaten him down Like he was in a title fight and this might be his last round Sometimes the easiest things we take for granted Until they gone, to realize we even had it, f'real {*echoes*} Hey [Nelly] I used to think that life had a plan for me Until I realized, life meant to be planned by me See that's the key, I only deal with what I can see Cause over history, mystery brought us nuttin but misery Man mo' people done died, in the name of the Lord Than in any natural disaster, disease or gang war Before guns there was swords, and they was killin each other Ain't much changed since the days, we still killin each other Killin our brothers while another mother cries for help Man, we need to help a brother find himself Feed him, life, ah-one-twoooo, three Hey, that's somethin e'ry brother should see, and that's f'real {*echoes*} Hey The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Suit Song: Woodgrain and Leather Wit a Hole Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Nelly] Come over baby, come over here, sit down sit down I need to talk to you for a second baby Umm, I really been, kickin a few things around baby And I wanna share them with you right now, y'knahmsayin? Now later but now you understand me baby? Umm, I wanna talk to you cause I.. I wanna change your whole way of thinking baby y'knahmsayin? Not-not for my benefit baby, but for your benefit YaseewhatI'msayin baby? Cause this would allow you yourself baby, yaseewhatI'msayin? To become more, with one with yourself, you see what baby? All I'm asking, and-and proposing that you do is You just, just listen to me right now baby, yaseewhatI'msayin? I wanna change your whole way of thinking baby, ya see? I wanna rearrange your whole medulla oblongata baby, yaseewhatI'msayin? Can you DEAL with that right there baby? Y'knahmsayin? Now I-I, I know-I know it's a little extreme right now baby Be quiet, y'knahmsayin? Listen, LISTEN baby, listen y'knamsayin? Listen to what I said baby, y'knahmsayin? You know listen to me baby, did you hear what I said baby? I wanna change your whole way, OF THINKING baby, yaseewhatI'msayin? Did you hear me baby? Listen could you.. can you hear me baby? YaseewhatI'msayin? Cause if you say what you heard I'LL KILL YOU! [Nelly] Yo, I wanna explain somethin to all the, squares out there Uhh, they may not know what 24, woodgrain and leather with a hole is 24 inches or twenty-four inch rims in diameter Woodgrain is the type of material that goes like on the dashboard or your doors Leather is like your seats And the hole is what they call a sunroof Or maybe a three-way power hole [Chorus: Nelly] We ride - 24's or better, woodgrain or leather, with a hole That's all I know, I knowwwww Plus - 15's in the trunk (trunk) system ain't no punk (punk) Listen to it bump (boom boom) and there she blows (There she blows!) She bloo-oo-ooows [Nelly] I like to slide through the park (park) slightly after dark (dark) Grab my lighter spark (woo!) up my, hydroohhhhhh -- You know when I'm ridin I like to lay back and (hydroohhhhhh) -- fire up that killer, you know? My foot slightly on the gas (gas) my system on blast (blast) I'm spikin on some - (ooh!) and yeah, she knowwwws -- Yeah, she likes when I do that (she knowwws) -- She knows Who got the fire (fire) her word desire (desire) I'm not for hire (oh no) but you, can goooooooo -- You know you more than welcome to go ma (can goooo) -- C'mon Straight back to my place (my place) haste make waste (waste) And you don't have to wait (no you don't girl) oh no you donnnnn't -- You know you don't have to wait (you donnnnn't) -- You know you got a V.I.P. pass girl! [Nelly] Uhh, uhh I'm Mr. P-I-M-P, J-U-I-C-E Dirty E-N-T (we all we got) yeah that's meeeee -- Y'know, me, Lazy (that's meeeee) -- We try to do what we do, y'know? What can I say (what can I say) I was, raised that way You can ask my da-day (he'll tell you) and you will seeeee -- Y'know he'll probably say somethin like -- He got it honestly (you'll seeee) hahahaha This for my, 9-to-5'ers (and my) my local riders (and my) The block beaters (and) riding around with all those treeeeees -- Please, I hope you got a stash spot somewhere y'know? Won'tcha, please be gone from (please) just stay away (stay away) Just stay out thurr (woop woop) I'm talkin bout the po-liiiice -- Yeah man cause you know they'll try to hem you up -- if you let 'em y'know? (the po-liiiice) [Nelly] Check it! C'mon Now what I want you to do right here is I want you to Unravel that cigarallo or, open up that wrapper Pull out them Zigs and the Zags and the Zags and the Zigs And I want you to, take your time and be one with the road I need you to turn your system up right now If this ain't knockin in your system you need to get your money back (Go now go!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Avery Storm, Ma$e Album: Suit Song: In My Life Typed by: griffiar@westminster.edu * * send corrections to the typist (Ma$e) Yo, Turn the mic up I haven't been in here in 5 years And keep the lights on We got company [Nelly talking] Wooooo Yeeeah Uh Uh Yea Oook I don't think they gon' really understand this one right herre man Not at all, not at all We got a special guest in the house tonight Who is that? But first* Ohhh [Nelly] You see though I ain't the one that'll pay for your phone Way you lookin ma I might just pay for your home Right out the ceremony give you the throne Put you somewhere you know birds cant come I don't wanna be your man boo I wanna be the one To get inside your brain And give you my last name I swurr I can change I put that on er'rything You aint happy while happy wit me boo Then gimme the blame Different color ring for erryday of the week You can go on and set it up for me n pops to meet Cuz I'ma ask him for you hand And show that I'm a man (What if he say that you cant) I'ma tell him my plans because [Break] Me and u was meant to be as one now Me and u we gon have sum fun now Me and u from sun up to sun down Me and u that's one thing I know for sure [Hook] I still luv u I still want u [LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!] I still need you in my life in my* [MISTER] I STILL (this gon be real fun) I LOVE YOU [you might know him as] I WANT YOU I think ima let you introduce yourself IN MY LIFE (Ma$e) one man one cat made to win [Nelly] I heard your hear to change the game again (Ma$e) Mason Betha heaven sent [Nelly] No game can change what you represent (Ma$e) You cant call me with no money that I never spent They don't make planes to go where I never went I aint gotta keep sinning to keep spinnin I prefer pink dice and peach linen I teach these women what they in the shirt for Search yours, find out you really worth more I change your esteem You was made for a king Do he really love you? He ain't give you a ring I e-rase the hate That made you mean Got you 20 lookin' 50 And you only 18 Then ya slate clean It's not a fake dream Bye bye hatas We off for high hatas [Hook] I still love you I still want you I still need you In my life In my* I STILL I LOVE YOU I WANT YOU [They gon be mad at this one lil derrty] IN MY LIFE [Break - Nelly] Me and you was meant to be as one now Me and you we gon have sum fun now Me and you from sun up to sun down Me and you that's one thing I know for sure [Avery Storm] So girl, tell me is there something I can do to see you Maybe you can make a lil time for me to meet u I just gotta tell u what I'm goin' through Gotta let u know I still love you theres so many things I wanna share with you so much is there to make me miss you for what its worth girl I swear its truth girl I wanna let u know  I STILL LOVE YOU! I still love you I still want you I still need you In my life In my* I STILL I LOVE YOU I WANT YOU IN MY LIFE I still love you I still want you I still need you In my life In my* [It's Fo Reel] I STILL I LOVE YOU I WANT YOU [Ain't no way we should be on the same track lil derrty] IN MY LIFE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Tim McGraw Album: Suit Song: Over and Over Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nelly] Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh-uh-uh [Chorus: Nelly] Cause it's all in my head I think about it over and over again And I can't keep picturin you with him And it hurts so bad... yeah Cause it's all in my head I think about it over and over again I replay it over and over again And I can't take it, I can't shake it no [Nelly] I can't wait to see you Wanna see if you still got that look in your eye That one you had for me Before, we, said our goodbyes And it's a shame that we Gotta spend our time bein mad about the same things (Over and over again) about the same thing (Over and over again) Ho.. but I think, she's leavin Aw, man, she's leavin And, I don't know what else to do [Tim M] I can't go on not lovin you [Nelly] I remember the day you left I remember the last breath you took right in front of me When you said that you would leave I was too damn stubborn to try to stop you or say anything But I see clearly now And this choice I made keeps playin in my head (Over and over again) play in my head (Over and over again) Ho.. but I think, she's leavin Aw, man, she's leavin And, I don't know what else to do [Tim M] I can't go on not lovin you [Nelly] Now, that I've real-izzzed That I'mmmm goin dow-hown From all this pain you've put me through [Tim M] Everytime I close my eyes (woo!) I-hiiii lock it dowww-wn, ohh-hooo I can't go on not lovin you [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Nelly] Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh, uh-uh-uh Uh... over and over again, over and over again Cause it's all in my head The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Anthony Hamilton Album: Suit Song: Nobody Knows Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@aol.com, Nickolye16@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Anthony Hamilton] IIIIIIIII didn't know, there'd be troubles along the way Nobody told me nothin, nobody told me nothin, nothin Well, well, ohh, ohhhh, ohhhhhh, oahh-ohhhh Well, ay-heyyy, ay-hey, we-ell Uh-huh, uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh, uh-huh-huh [Nelly] I went through, 8 different schools in, 12 different years That's 30 different teachers, over ten thousand different peers And I done fought in e'ryone, been suspended e'rytime Besides a few a felony, done committed e'ry crime But never braggin on, just want you to see me what I done done I'm never proud of it, so I don't have to go back there again And uhh, I used to go like house to house (man) Sleepin on couch to couch (you know) Walk around stickin out my hands, lookin for a handout Only thing I handed out was more bills Only thing pulled me out was my will God told me the sun don't chill Determined to make use of one of these skills Either that or go beat the block Ain't no way you can beat the cops Ain't no way I can beat the clock Just a matter of time shut down your shop Ohh, you stay up day and nights, livin this way of life I was +Young and Restless+ +All My Children+ came and then I had a +Guiding Light+ (hey) No more of that sittin mayne (c'mon) sittin and waitin and thinkin somebody comin to take me up off them streets But now I know.. [Chorus - Anthony Hamilton] Nobody told me that the road would be easy, yeah I don't believe, I've made it this far My whole life, man I've been workin so hard and I know Nobody told me that the road would be easy (Whoaaaaaa, that the road) I can't believe, I've made it this far (Whoo, yeahhh) My whole life, man I've been workin so hard and I know [Nelly] I can tell you right now, I'm sayin I could sit here and count on one hand How many people seen me graduate I know a few that did but a bunch that ain't (hey) Same folks showin up in swarms, waitin for me to go on Wantin to see Ali perform, wasn't so po' before I became this household name I was playin them Little League games Nobody curred if I go 0-for-3 Nobody out hurr rootin for me but my Momma Supported me in e'rything, "Why she get e'rything?" Some people got the nerve to ask Y'all can kiss my ass, and that's my Momma Got a sister that need my help (hey) and I gave peace all with wealth Give anything that I have, just to see her in perfect health Now we out hurr complainin, "I got work to do" (ohh) How bad you think you got it, somebody else got it worse than you (hey) I done had them down and ups and, don't plan on comin back down (no) Don't plan on leavin hurr no time soon, but I got too comfortable now Wouldn't have no knowledge of wealth, without no knowledge of self And I'ma keep walkin this road - my mind, body and soul I know {*echoes*} [Anthony Hamilton] I didn't knowwwww There'd be troubles along the way (I didn't know there'd be troubles) Nobody told me nothin (nobody told me nothin) That would help me to ease my pain (to help ease my pain, yeah) I've been walkin this roooooad, for forever and a day (forever and a day) Now I've been searchin somethin (whoa-ohhh) For someone to help me find my way (somebody help me, find my way) And now I know [Chorus] - fades out w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Suit Song: Die for You Typed by: CelticsPrincess1@aol.com [Intro - Nelly] (Nelly's daughter) So yo, today your birthday? (Yea.. yeah!) You sure? (Daddy!) I don't think today your birthday (Then what you call me for?) Oh, I don't know, I just called to see what you was doin You sure.. what, what, what you turn today? What you turn today, 19? (No, I'm turnin 10, Daddy) Nah you turnin, what 32, 32, you 32 today (You have been away for a long time) It feel like it, don't it? (Yeah) Yeah, but I miss you though, you miss me? (Yes, very much, I just wish you could be here) Word? (Yes) Okay, I'll be there soon, aight? (You gon' be here tonight?!) Naw, boo-boo, I ain't gon' be there tonight (Aww) Whoo! Mmm, uhh. Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon [Chorus 2x - Nelly] Yeahhhhhhhhhhh.. (yeah) Don't you know I'll die for you? (die for you) I'll lay down my life for you I would, die for, you (die for, you) [Nelly's daughter] I love you Daddy [Nelly] I remember February 27, 1994 Tryin to make it to the hospital through three inches of snow (hey) Somethin's goin wrong, I can tell but I don't know I got this feelin in my gut, this ain't how it's supposed to go Three pounds, two ounces and two months premature I tell the incubator, is she gon' make it? They ain't sure Automatically I place the blame on my health Hell, I'm her father mayne, I place the blame on myself Was it somethin that I smoked, did I eat or did I drink it? Or was it somethin I was doin that I did or did I think it? Huh, watchin her breathe through her holes in her nose What's this EKG machine? What's this shit on her toes? It's 94, I'm 85, so I'm spooked as can be (c'mon!) I'm prayin and I'm askin, "Why He do this to me?" See, I used to hold you in the palm of my hand and just to see you pull through - shit I knew you'd pull through [Nelly] March 2-2nd, 1999 The year and the date I got my lil' mind I guess I felt how my father felt and his father felt And his father musta felt to see hisself It's like a lil' me in the flesh He got my blood and my heart in his chest Needless to say, man I love him to death Teach him if he disrespect me I'ma love him to death Left to go out of town right after he was born I got a record deal, three months later Daddy was gone It's like I'm tryin to raise him over the phone He barely know my face when he see it but he know my tone I'm hopin, I'm like - "Do he know who his Daddy is?" I'm real close to sayin fuck the showbiz But when I hurr him call his Daddy now And when I hurr him tell his friends, "I'ma be just like my Daddy now" Hope he forgive me for the sacrifice So he can have a better life - than I had [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Big Gipp, J.D., Paul Wall Album: Sweatsuit Song: Grillz Typed by: Sashamire@yahoo.com Rob the jewelry store and tell 'em make me a grill Add the whole top diamond and the bottom row's gold [J.D.] Yo we bout to start a epidemic wit this one Y'all know what this is... So So Def [Nelly] Got 30 down at the bottom, 30 mo at the top All invisible set wit little ice cube blocks If I could call it a drink, call it a smile on the rocks If I could call out a price, lets say I call out a lot I got like platinum and white gold, traditional gold I'm changin girllz errday, like Jay change clothes I might be grilled out nicely (oh) In my white tee (oh) Or on South Beach (oh) in my wife B V V and studded you can tell when they cut it ya see my grandmama hate it, but my lil mama love it cause when I.. [Woman] Open up ya mouth, ya grill gleamin (say what) eyes stay low from the cheifin' (cheifin') [Nelly] I got a grill they call penny candy you know what that means, it look like Now n Laters, gum drops, jelly beans I wouldn't leave it for nothin only a crazy man would so if you catch me in ya city, somewhere out in ya hood just say Smile fo me daddy (What you lookin at) Let me see ya grill (Let me see my what) Ya, ya grill ya, ya, ya grill (Rob the jewelry store and tell 'em make me a grill) Smile fo me daddy (What you lookin at) I want to see your grill (You wanna see my what) Ya, ya grill ya, ya, ya grill (Had a whole top diamonds and the bottom rows gold) [Paul Wall] What it do baby Its the ice man Paul Wall I got my mouth lookin somethin like a disco ball I got the diamonds and the ice all hand set I might cause a cold front if I take a deep breath My teeth gleaming like I'm chewin on aluminum foil Smilein showin off my diamonds sippin on some potin oil I put my money where my mouth is and bought a grill 20 karats 30 stacks let 'em know I'm so fo real My motivation is from 30 pointers V VS to furniture my mouth piece simply symbolize obsessed I got the wrist wear and neck wear dats captivatin But its what smiles dat got these arms lookin spectatin My mouth piece simply certified a total package Open up my mouth and you see more carrots than a salad My teeth are mind blowin givin everybody chillz Call me George Foreman cause I'm sellin everybody grillz Smile fo me daddy (What you lookin at) Let me see ya grill (Let me see my what) Ya, ya grill ya, ya, ya grill (Rob the jewelry store and tell 'em make me a grill) Smile fo me daddy (What you lookin at) I want to see your grill (You wanna see my what) Ya, ya grill ya, ya, ya grill (Had a whole top diamonds and the bottom rows gold) [Gipp] Gipp got dem yellows, got dem purples, got dem reds Lights gon head and make you woozie in ya head You can catch me in my 2 short drop Mob got colors like a fruit loop box [Ali] Dis what it do when the lou Ice grill country grammer Where the hustlas move bricks and the gangsta's bang hamma's Where I got 'em you can spot them On the top in the bottom Gotta bill in my mouth like I'm Hillary Rodham [Gipp] I ain't dissin no body but lets bring it to the lite Yeah was the first wit my mouth bright white Yeah deez hos can't focus cause they eyesight blurry Tippin on some 4's you can see my mouth jewelry [Ali] I got fo different sets its a fabolous thang 1 white, 1 yellow, like fabolous chain and the otha set is same got my name in the mold (Had a whole top diamonds and the bottom row's gold) [Woman] Boy how you get grill that way and How much did you pay Every time I see you Tha first thing I'm gon say hey.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Avery Storm Album: Sweatsuit Song: Tired Typed by: bulma_@freemail.hu * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Nelly] Stop your cryin' (oh) You know that I'm tired of your lyin' (hey) Do you know that you do this all the time, yeah You always say you're sorry so I cut you slack I take you back that's all I'm ever doin' with you [Nelly] + (Avery Storm) (Tired) Little mama I hope that you can't stand it That I gotta leave That I gotta go bye bye bye see that door I'm lookin at? See I don't need to be lookin' down I believe I'm the one I believe till my day is done, for me it's someone yeah (I'm so tired) Hey we go through it everyday Said I'm so (tired) and I know it's going to be another shitty day See I don't need to be livin' down Like it pays to be happy Same song, comin' with a dance song Never different always the same [Nelly] + (Avery Storm) (Tired) Cause' I got my back ass up in a truck You don't got to worry about me comin' round' here callin' your ass to see what's up Cause' I don't need you anymore I'm so tired of your games See I'm happy to be leavin' But I'm glad to see I came I'm takin' these keys to the door and I'm comin' back to get every damn thing I own I own You gotta move it in slow mo' Think I'm comin' baby girl, no no no no I'm so tired of your games See I thought you wanted to be happy You need a son you don't need a man You just, you just.. [Chorus] - 2X [Avery Storm] I can't take no more, can't take no more Can't take no more of this breakdown It's all safe for me, better step down Everything will be alright Went for my day dream, then we turned into strangers No reason for me to stay here Nothing left remains here [Chorus] - 2X (And I'm taking my shit and leaving here) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Diddy, Jagged Edge, Nelly Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Nasty Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, jesc0n@hotmail.com [Jazze Pha] + (B.I.G.) The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!) Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls) Ladies and gentlemen! [Notorious B.I.G.] I go, on and on and on and Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin Easy, call 'em on the phone and Platinum Chanel cologne and (oooh-WEE) I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect If they watch TV in the Lex, they know They know, quarter past fo' Left the club tipsy, say no mo' Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O. (heyyy) Back of my mind I hope she swallow Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state, "You know what you do to me" She starts off, "But I don't usually" (let's go) Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt Step out, show me what you all about Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South (aoowww) Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I squirt Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All my women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Diddy] You know I like nasty girls... I need you to dance, I need you to strip I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips I need you to grind like you workin' for tips And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Pearl yet Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet My style make a low profile girl smile Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that) And now you and me can drink some Hennessy Then we get it on Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin' Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back) And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that) Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!) [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jagged Edge] J & B-I-G (what! what!) Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!) We're a Man lookin'no stress meet us upstairs in ya best, yes! Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's intrest Jazzy on the beat so sweet Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G [Nelly] Okay ma, what's ya preference Nice and slow or fast and reckless Boo, you heard girl, bite cha necklace! Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!) I make ya sprang a leak When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em) I'm like the radical one I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one (From yo' titties to ya thong) Either way mama I'ma make you do what it do (Girl I'm about to make you cum) Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me [Jagged Edge] Cause I'll go on and on and on on and on and on on and on Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jazzy Pha] Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS! BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF! NOTORIOUS! NOTORIOUS! Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen... LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Rick Ross Album: Brass Knuckles Song: U Ain't Him Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nelly] No way, uh-uhh And you ain't him! Stop it, quit it right now (uh, uh, uh) And you ain't him! [Nelly] Here I is, sorry to keep you waitin But now I'm back with more fire than Satan  listen Wysh man this track is blazin, better yet this track amazin (amazin) This track remind me of when the studio was down in Ms. {?} basement My shit was far from legal, wrong place on the Buick Regal Check under that seat, look in that glovebox, in the trunk is truly lethal Hold up better pump yo' brakes (yo' brakes) You don't wanna make no mistakes (no mistakes) Runnin up on the wrong nigga at the wrong time  might get you somethin hot in yo' face And I ain't talkin 'bout no mace, I'm talkin that shit that chase That shit that'll run you down  and take forensic files come and solve that case I hear a lot of that "I did this" I hear a lot of that "I did that" But why it funny when you take the stand  and pointin at his man like, "He did that" You wanna stand lookin so not gangsta - pleadin to the judge "I'm so not gangstaaaaaa!" Mm-mm-mm (woo!) I believe you See it's best just play yo' part, you don't try to be who you aren't You ain't gotta prove nothin to me, muh'fucker I know you ain't got no heart [Chorus: Nelly] You say you got your money right  I don't believe him You say you live the street life  I don't believe him You say you got them killers wit'cha  I don't believe him I know a gangsta when I see him lil' buddy, and you ain't him! ... No, no, NO  and you ain't him! ... No, no, NO  and you ain't him! [Rick Ross  over Chorus] Yeah! Ross Suckas ain't keepin it trill man Nelly, you gotta let 'em know how we deal wit 'em I been watchin you sucka I got my eye on you man He's a faade, he not trill! [Rick Ross] When you keepin it trill (Ross) these suckas wanna ride (yeah!) Cuttin corners in the '65, hoes skinny ties You tellin lies, and sellin pies, I'm sellin mine (boss) Shots fired, but he expired by the seventh time How the fuck he cool? He don't even know the rules (nah) He just flew the coop, and got chickens he wanna move! But I'ma handle this, show 'em how it gots to go Before you get to management shawty you gotta mop the flo'! He's not a hustler, he's not a gangsta Go get your work, let me take it so sucka thank ya I'm a boss, you gotta grind if you wanna floss Baby blue Porsche, puffin that pine as I'm peelin off [Interlude: Rick Ross] + (Nelly) You say you movin chickens, right? (I don't believe him) You say you got a meal ticket, right? (I don't believe him) Say you got a white Phantom too (I don't believe him) I know a hustler when I see him lil' nigga, and he ain't you [Rick Ross  over Chorus] Ross, sucka! We keepin it gangsta baby 3-oh-5, M-I-yayo, to the St. Louis This gangsta right here Lay back, smoke one [Outro: Nelly] No, no, NO  and you ain't him! (No I don't believe you, no I don't believe you, no I don't believe you) No, no, NO  and you ain't him! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ LL Cool J, T.I. Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Hold Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*whispered*} Free Agentz [Intro: T.I.] + (Nelly) Ay, y'all already know what this is homeboy Nah Mo', no no, no nigga These niggaz done done it this time Ay, ay (You like that? OOOOOOOH!) Fuck what ya heard homeboy! (That feel good to you?) Real niggaz on deck! (What about now, oooh) Goons is out nigga! (OOOOH!) [Nelly] We doin 100 on the highway switchin lane after lane If the po-po come in then let 'em, ain't no stoppin today We brought them horses out tonight (hey!) Them big locks, duel cams, chrome pips (hey!) I know you hear 'em Please, who in yo' hood wouldn't trade places with me If I ain't what you tryin to be then why you hustlin, see To be young, black and rich (OOH!) If that ain't the combination tell me when it switched (OOH!) I need to know; listen Maybe the problem is you're thinkin too small You niggaz only wanna rap and that's all Yo' only goal is to buy out the mall, I go to buy me a mall You wanna stunt for the summer, I'm tryin to buy me the fall And catch a MySpace lick (YEAH!) You know how many hits MySpace get? (YEAH!) Hey! Man it's like, I'm hurtin feelings just by tellin the truth I'm hurtin feelings in and out of this booth; now listen [Chorus: Nelly] + (T.I.) You see me sittin in the turnin lane Yours big but mine bigger mayne You out here braggin 'bout a little change You need to step up your game; lil' boy you better Hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) Hold up (ay) hold up  you better sit ya ass down Hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) hold up (ay) Hold up (ay) hold up  you better sit ya ass down [T.I.] Ay, well 'Pac, I see these haters watchin me But I ain't trippin when y'all see it ain't no stoppin me Way in the million and I'm steady buyin property, I got land Come catch me you hit the lottery, nigga so stop playin And I ride what I want to, and ya ain't know? See me buyin what I want to, then walk out the sto' 100 thousand in my pocket, you can tell how I'm walkin Kick my ball like a dog just to keep these haters off (OHH!) Posted at the red light, on chrome Drop-top candy red tight, 454 A nigga want it better bring it on Fresh off vacation, all that hatin got me paranoid Yeah, you better know it What I'm bringin you ain't ready for it, no right now Once I tell 'em go and get 'em boy, it's lights out Nigga I ain't playin wit'cha, come any day I'll hit ya Don't let me pull up on you in that turnin lane nigga [LL Cool J] Hey, hey, hey My bread stack high like Mike in NBA highlights Mansion means jacuzzi bubblin with skylights Uncle L jew-els, killin niggaz eyesight Wal*Mart stocks since '87 (yeah you damn right!) My wrist stay glistenin, two birds kissin and I'm sick of all this money, somebody call a physician in The American dream, I'm what niggaz is envisionin You clowns ain't makin it rain, it's just drizzlin (hey!) Actin like I ain't paid, what you talkin 'bout? I throw a party at the bank, walk a million out Got over 30 movies, what you think you doin to me? You sold a couple records, how you think you gon' outdo me? You know I'm in shape, I slap you you gon' try to sue me I buy you off, slide off with your lil' cutie All this money is a goddamn nuisance Look at my career, yeah I'm the blueprint (OOH!) Artist: Nelly f/ Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg Album: Brass Knuckles Song: LA Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Snoop Dogg] + (Nelly) West, Coast! (WOO!) Wh-wh-wh-wh-what what what? (This this right here homie?) Yeah, yeah, yeah (This shit right here? Straight West coastin!) W-W-W-W-West West Coast Coast Coast (uhh!) Yeah (uhh) yes, yes (this Midwest nigga) Neff-U (on this West Coast shit) Go hard, go hard, go hard, go hard (check, uh) [Chorus 2X: Nelly] + (Snoop) Switch one, switch one (raise it up) Switch two, switch two (make the back end up) Switch three, switch three (work it side to side) And switch four (make it three-wheel ride) You hurr me? [Nelly] Yo.. yo, listen Aiyyo I just touched down at this L.A.X. I'm lookin for these girls on this L.A. X Tryin to find them niggaz with that L.A. best Dodgin them niggaz with that L.A. stress See I'm a visitor, I'm a L.A. guest I gotta be awurr of how they L.A. dress Cause if it comes down I might get L.A. stretched I ain't tryin to be a trophy on no L.A. desk Some niggaz walk up, tossin L.A. sets I guess that's 'sposed to be some type of L.A. test Better watch the girls with the L.A. chest A lot of plastic in them L.A. breasts (haha-haha-ha) See I  hit the Crenshaw where they L.A. stunt Seen a lot of six-fo's and L.A. trucks Seen a lot of girls with them L.A. butts A lot of niggaz with them Dickies and Chucks - you feel me? [Nelly] Yo, yo Aiyyo I spend a lot of time on this L.A. coast Out hurr tryin to do the L.A. most Chauffeur-driven Phantom like a L.A. ghost In the back with a drink, take a L.A. toast I spend a lot of time in them L.A. hills With them models and actresses in them L.A. heels To my lawyer's office for an L.A. deal Cut the check for some L.A. meals So now I'm off to Rodeo just to L.A. shop Still gettin dirty looks from some L.A. cops You'da thought since Rodney King nigga L.A. stopped Or when they burn the L.A. watts (uh-uh) I send a lot of love to my L.A. brothers My Latinos and my negroes in them L.A. colors My blessings goes out to them L.A. mothers Know that Nelly is a L.A. lover, ha ha [Nate Dogg] Guess who just stepped in the place (the Midwest) It's your O.G. homie Nate (all day) My homie Snoop and yep, Nelly (L.A.) And we all up in your face (all day) Different questions every day (the Midwest) I got the answer in my waist (all day) Yeah they all got somethin to say (L.A.) From St. Louis to L.A. (all day) [Outro: Snoop Dogg] West, Coast West, Coast! West, Coast West, Coast! Ha ha! Ha ha! Yeah, yeah W-W-W-W-West West Coast Coast Coast L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A., L.A., ha ha! Wh-wh-wh-wh-what what what y'all y'all? Yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Usher Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Long Night Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Usher] It's gon' be a long niiiiight (drop) Ur-sher baby (oh-ohh) yeah Yeah man! (oh-ohh) This is a, J.Lack, track, man Yeah (oh-ohh, oh-ohh, oh-ohh) [Nelly] + (Usher) Ohhhhhh, girl you know how to find me (when you need a fix) But you know when you call me (make sure time ain't a issue) Listen, I keep a strategy for attackin yo' anatomy And I hope you don't get mad at me  but I had to say it! You know rushin ain't a option, baby stoppin's not a topic You know daddy gon' be bringin it home (bringin it home) You know girl once I'm in it girl I'm in it so forget it, I ain't quittin 'til I touch every square inch of your walls (inch of your walls) Shorty here we go (go go go go) Take your clothes off slow (slow slow slow slow) Give your boy a little show (show show show show) Girl, cause (you know what I) like (Don't put up a) fight (ohh!) [Chorus: Usher] Just give it to me girl I promise I'ma keep it steady Cause I been lookin at you baby and I know you ready Cut off your phone, it's gon' be a long niiiiight I can't hold it for long baby cause it's gettin heavy Let me beat it out the frame, I'm tired of lookin at it I'm just tellin you, it's gon' be a long niiiiight [Nelly] + (Usher) Uhh, yeah You see girl I'm talkin hours, he just talkin minutes He gon' put you in his black book, I'll put you in the Guinness Book of World Records, shorty I'm already in it (me too!) I already did it, in the bed of +Menace+ (in the bed of menace) Some call me Dennis (yeah) cause my +Rod-man+ diggin in (diggin in) Leave 'em all screamin out (screamin out daaaaamn) Damn, a Scorpio so ma you know just how I (ammmmm) Now girl you know who I am  quit playin! (so baby let's go) Now shorty let's go (go go go go) Take your clothes off slow (slow slow slow slow) Give your boy a little show (show show show show) Girl, cause (you know what I) like (Show me where to) bite, you (ohh!) [Nelly] + (Usher) Listen, by the time I'm done with you (done with you!) Ain't gon' be nothin left to do (left to do) I'ma take my time when I put it on you (put it on you) I'ma make sure you touch every inch of this room (this room) Startin from the bed (AYY) to the floor (OHH) to the couch To the stairwell, kitchen counter, clear it out (clear it out!) From there we goin straight to the balcony (balcony!) Show you what you never seen (never seen!) Who you know do better than that? (better than that ayyyy!) [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Usher] Oh-ohh (yeah) Oh-ohh (yeah) Yeah man! Oh-ohh It's a long niiiiight Oh-ohh, oh-ohh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Lie Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [unknown female] La la la la la, la-la-la-la [Nelly] Uhh, uhh yo yo Yo I'm tired of the "he say she say" Why every time they get mad man we pay? She wanna act like the judge and the jury The police, F.B.I. and the C.I.A. (all in one) And now it's me she tryin to convict She better show me some DNA and fingerprints She better show me the name of the one that snitched Matter fact, right now I'ma plead the fifth [Chorus: Nelly] + (unknown female) (She said you tried to fuck her) She's a motherfuckin liar (Boy please) No way (whatever) not me (Yeah you) Man, she's just hatin (She said you met her last summer) She's a motherfuckin liar (Boy please) No way (whatever) not me (Yeah you) Girl, you sound crazy (She said y'all exchangin numbers) She's a motherfuckin liar (Boy please) No way (whatever) not me (Yeah you) Fellas what we gon' do - what? Take it to the grave  what? Take it to the grave Take it to the grave, I'ma take it to the grave I'ma take it to the grave - you better take it to the grave Take it to the grave, I'ma take it to the graaaaave! [Ali] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo (is she serious?) She said she did what, with who? She wrong Since she knows so much ask her what I had on True Religion, Air Jordan, Ed Hardy? C'mon ma, that's e'ry nigga in the party But I was at the studio perfectin my hustle With Ky', Murph' and Mo just finishin "Brass Knuckles" Now with all these purses, fur coats, fly whips I done bought for you, now you still believe any chick? Is you serious? [Murphy Lee] 3:24 when I walk in the do' (oh) Phone on loud, what it do that fo'? (damn) She said she went down south, all in my texts 6:30 in the mornin got this loud-ass message I ain't even do it though, mama girl lyin {You tried to fuck her} I ain't even had time Ask her where she know me from, who I be with? What number she dial? That crazy girl wild [Kyjuan] I really don't know her, I seen her on MySpace Looked at her page, all I seen was my face Her username read, "Kyjuan fo' life" With videos and pictures, set up so right The only bad thing is she writes me all night Sayin shit like, "The 'Tics is so tight" She isn't with I love you, that starts the big fight Baby, I can't control what she types Believe me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Fergie Album: Brass Knuckles/Party People (iTunes single) Song: Party People Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This is a motherfuckin emergency~! (Let's go) Zone Fo', St. Louis - you ready? Haha, A-T-L... let's go! I told y'all I was gon' change the game L.A. all day! They can't stop ya boy They can't stop ya boy, I get money! [Nelly] Y'all motherfuckers ain't ready, hey! [Chorus: Fergie] + (Nelly) Just walked through the door, what's it gonna be? I can't get to the floor, boys all over me (Where my party, p-party party, p-party people at?) (Where my party, p-party party, p-party people at?) (I just walked through the door, what's it gonna be?) (I can't get to the flo', girls all over me) Where my party, pa' party party pa' party people at? Where my party, pa' party party pa' party people at? [Nelly] It's Nelly motherfucker comin straight up out the Lou' and All you New Edition-ass rappers better cool it now 'Fore I make a fool of y'all, paper stacked as tall as Yao Ming, look at the bling, settings in rings lookin like basketballs It's Nelly motherfucker comin straight up out the Lou' and All you New Edition-ass rappers better cool it now 'Fore I make a fool of y'all, paper stacked as tall as Yao Ming, look at the bling, settings in rings lookin like basketballs [Interlude 4X: Fergie] + (Nelly) Where my party people at? (Where my party people at?) [Fergie] Well it's Fergie motherfucker comin straight from Cali-for-ni-A Stuntin in my loc-locs, dreamin 'bout me M.I.A. Boyfriend wonderin where I'm at, cause I'm in the spot-spot Why he always tryin to be puttin me down on lock lock? Well it's Fergie motherfucker comin straight from Cali-for-ni-A Stuntin in my loc-locs, dreamin 'bout me M.I.A. Boyfriend wonderin where I'm at, cause I'm in the spot-spot Why he always tryin to be puttin me down on lock lock? [Nelly] Patiently waitin and takin my time Watchin these haters done come with they rhymes Watchin these suckers all mimickin, gimmickin Then they start fallin off one at a time You be the searcher but you never could find I promise you durrty I'm one of a kind Mold is broken, the formula's mine I killed the idea and destroyed the design [Fergie] I was patiently waitin and takin my time Now that I'm here I'm gettin my shine All of you haters can kiss my behind Specifically speakin I'm talkin 'bout mine Don't need you to tell me I know that I'm fine I'm killin it baby so call it a crime Yeah you watch it but I'm stealin my time I told you before that big girls don't cry [Nelly] Where my party people at? [Outro 8X: Fergie] + (Nelly) Where my party people at? (Where my party people at?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Chuck D Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Self-Esteem Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] You got to believe in yourself Don't let nobody tell you what you can't be You got to believe in yoursel-elf, yeah And everything else'll work out, you'll see Ohh (ohh) ohh, ohh, hoh! [Chorus: Nelly] You got to believe in yourself Don't let nobody tell you what you can't be You got to believe in yoursel-elf, yeah And everything else'll work out, you'll see Ohh, ohh, ohh, ohh I think I  naw, I know I can I think I  naw, I know I can I think I  naw, I know I can I know I can, I know I can, ay [Nelly  over Chorus] Ay, yeah Nobody, uh-uh uh uhh Everybody I think I... Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh [Nelly] You see my poppa was a rollin stone And my momma had problems of her own But I still managed to make it out okay ... ohh, ohh Although I'm hailed as a hometown hero Still in my hometown I'm seen as a negro But man, that's okay Uh uh uh uh uh uh It's so many obstacles in life to overcome And as soon as you jump over one here come another come But we got to be strong, and set examples for our sons If the sun don't shine, then the decayin has begun [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh They say I'm old enough to go to war But I ain't old enough to play in the NBA no more Now you tell me, what's wrong with that? Ah ah ah, ah-ah ah ah I pledge allegiance all the way to Iraq But ain't nobody pledgin to me when I get back Tell my Uncle Sam he wrong for that Ah ah ah, WOO! You see my self-esteem, I'm never leavin home without it They told me I'd never make it, they told me I ain't doubt it Now tell me whoever make it, now tell me I ain't got it I'm seein +No Limits+ nigga, who sayin I ain't +Bout it+? WOO! [Chuck D  over Chorus] That's right, you gotta believe it y'all, c'mon I know I can I think I  naw, I know I can I think I  naw, I know I can Know I can, know you can [Chuck D] Rock on Nelly, rock on my brother Keep your head up over the storm, young fella (hoh!) Got a letter from the government, opened and read it Uhh, and told 'em all to forget it C'mon, cause we BELIEVE in the future Uncle Sam sent his man to recruit ya You still can't trust it, cause you came this far End of discussion, when you KNOW who you are [Chuck D  over Chorus] That's right believe, c'mon now Don't let nobody tell you, what you can be C'mon Nelly, tell 'em man That's right, rockin it positivity, that's right I know I can, I know I can I think I, I know I can [Outro: Chuck D] You gotta believe it You gotta believe, my brother You keep doin your thing That's right, keep that head up All the way to the future That's right, for the babies baby For the babies The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Akon, Ashanti Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Body On Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Akon] + (Ashanti) The way that you're walkin, the way that you're talkin - talkin You're the one I wanna spend this night with Tryna get in them drawers and bang it out 'til the mornin  the mornin (Ahhhhhhh) I can already tell you want it Cause you're shakin it all for me, givin it all to me Rubbin that (body on me) Keep on shakin it all for me, givin it all to me Rubbin that (body on me) [Nelly] I'm lovin that! Uh, uh Hey how you doin mama? I need to know your name You givin me the eye eye, I'm givin you the same It just hit me right now, what we should do today Go tell your friends bye-bye, and let's go hop a plane It's no mistaken, the attraction's ironic I wanna make you someone more than just a bone in my closet I wanna win that, type of relationship Where you gon' wanna come hang when your man done tripped You say you short this month, and you're late on your rent He took your car, what you mean? Hold this Yea-yayyy, sing, whoahhhh You see, lil' mama outta control, and I'm just sayin [Nelly] I'm lovin that! Shorty movin closer, and closer And slower, and lower, yeah I think she know she makin me hard Got every man in the buildin like, "Oh my God" She, slicker than lodi-dodi, she work her body body When you done hurr at the party, meet me down there in the lobby And I'll be waitin on ya, ain't no debatin on ya I got a seat for ya, we can let the top back and goooooo We don't have to stop girl, noooooo I got a lil' somethin I wanna showwwwww Believe me, you're strong Lil' mama please don't make me wait too long (yea-yayyy) [Ashanti] Now I see you're lookin at my body babe And now you wanna come and put it on me If I gave it to you could you promise me that you could make it feel like it never did Cause I see you (I see you) and you see me (you see me) Now if I please you (I please you) could you please me (you please me) Now I ain't the one in no relationship And I ain't tryna be the other chick I know you want it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ciara, Jermaine Dupri Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Stepped On My J'z Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Jermaine Dupri] Uhh... (ooooooh) Uhh, ha ha (uh, uh, listen) Y'all know what this is! (let's go) [Nelly] + {J.D.} We used to ditch school and head straight up to the mall (mall) Just so we could be the first ones with 'em on {c'mon} Returned to school by lunchtime like, "Nigga what now?" And today we in the club like, "Nigga what now?" You better look down cause uhh, I know you see 'em {say what?} I know you see 'em {say what?} I know you see 'em I paid - a thousand for the jeans, I paid 200 for the shoes And uhh, fuck a shirt, I'ma rock these tattoos (and uh) You see my fitted mayne, I represent the crib Cause even at the crib, I represent the crib I, might pop my grill in - and I, might let my chain hang And I, might wrap my wrist dang {go on derrty do the damn thang} I get 'em free {say what} but I pay And if I want I rock a different year of J's e'ry day (uhh) A different style, different color is a must But uhh, it's all good until I get my first scuff and I'm like [Chorus: Nelly] {w/ J.D. ad libs} Hell naw, ain't no way (what's wrong?) Man he done stepped on my J's (what?) Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's These just came out! He done stepped on my J's (uhh) Hell naw, ain't no way (what's wrong?) Man he done stepped on my J's (what?) Stepped on my J's, he done stepped on my J's I can't believe this shit! He done stepped on my J's [Jermaine Dupri] Uhh, I-I-I got 'em all (got 'em all) but they don't get no run Like them 13's, 7's, number fo' and the 1's I like, how they look with Dickies, how do Levi lay on 'em? If you ain't got 'em when you see me you definitely gon' want 'em If they knew I gotta get 'em first, old as a copper box Hook 'em with a shirt, and the matchin color socks I think the coldest was the black on black with leathers with the red bottom Or the number 9's, you shoulda seen me when I got 'em I was in my house (in my house) dancin in the mirror Straight thinkin 'bout gettin out and how I'm 'bout to kill 'em When you know you got a pair that ain't nobody got (body got) You can't hold 'em back homie, you gotta rock (you gotta rock) I'm a addict, a Jordan fanatic, little Morris Blackman{?} I know when they comin, number, color, e'rything that's happenin You know, a different style, a different color is a must But uhh, it's all good until I get my first scuff and I'm like [Ciara] I-I-I, I see you lil' daddy you look sexy with them J's on I pull up in the drop, and step out, with them things on I got me the black and pink - patent leather with the grey Matchin with the skinny jeans  off with the shades I know you see me (I know you see me) my jeans be never slippin (slippin) The paparazzi, I might stop and take a picture in 'em Yeahhhhh, we be fresh every day And if you lookin for me lil' daddy you can find me in the A! A! A! A! [Nelly] + {J.D.} I got the red toe 1's, uhh {Then I bought the} 2's {and the} 3's {and the} 4's {uhh} I had to order these, you can't find them in the store {nope} Called up my stylist like, "Shorty send more" And if you would please send 'em to me out on tour {Uh-uh, uh-uh} They be here in a minute mayne See I got that connect where I can damn near get like anythang Plus all my hoes on 'em, then I'ma stroll on 'em I call my hook-up at the store like "Put a hold on 'em" Them Carolina number 9's matchin patent leather wristbands Patent leather number 11's, we call 'em Space Jams You in my space man, I'ma make you jump man I'll make you jump, the jump, the jump jump man See on my weekends, my J's play a part I'm rockin these to the club and these to the park I'm puttin these on now and these here tomorrow A spare off in my car, just in case I catch a scar The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Pharrell Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Let it Go (Lil' Mama) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Pharrell] + (Nelly) (OHH!) Turn it up, turn it up Turn the beat up, uhh (DERRTY E-N-T!) Turn it up some mo', uhh, okay (uhh) You turn it up a little bit? Here we go (WE ALL WE GOT, OHH!) [Chorus: Pharrell] + (Nelly) She blowin cause she seen that car (she 'bout to blow!) She blowin cause you turned that corner (there they go!) She blowin cause she seen that watch (she 'bout to blow!) She blowin cause you flashed in it on her ('bout to blow!) She blowin cause she seen that knot (she 'bout to blow!) She blowin cause she seen your flash (there they go!) So many y'all in one spot (she lose her mind!) She never seen so much cash [Interlude: Nelly + Pharrell] So let it go lil' mama, let it go lil' mama Just let it go lil' mama, let it go lil' mama Just let it go lil' mama, let it go lil' mama Just let it go lil' mama, let it goooo [Nelly] Yo, they call me Mr. Intellectual, I keep a bunch of vegetables Carrots and the broccoli, how the hell can you stop me? +Naughty by Nature+, yup I'm +Treacherous+ and less than this would be uncivil-ous, and like some syphilis I'm killin this Beat by Pharrell-y; yeah, yeah, really Chad this is silly; ju-just silly (WHOO!) Got a team in the Carolinas, your highness Keep the finest big booty behind us, behind us Just to remind us that, that we the flyest so Kids at home, yo, please don't try this My hands in my pocket mayne I'm doin the wop Lil' mama on her Snoopy Doggy Dogg, she droppin it hot I got whatever in my garage, pull up and shut down your spot I got how many in my bezel man I shut down your watch Oh yeah I'm rappin, believin, my zing and my trees in And soon I'll be leavin, with yo' chick (ah-ha!) [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Nelly] She call me Mr. extra sexual, Scorpio ma is legible Extraterrestrial, she say I'm harder to swivel I keep a fresh pair of Versace, shine up my Liberace My Dolce and my Gabanna, ma I'm keepin it thorough I keep one hundreds in abundance, let me keep it 100 I'm the most underrated, under-appreciated Most sold to dated, fuck you rapper we GOT See I don't drop every year to give you niggaz a shot Now I might not get five mics or a double-XL (never) But fuck it, you keep it, I'ma take the 100 mil' (cha-ching!) And the Murcilago with the rim kitted Tahoe The show stopper, when I ride all you hear is "Bravo" (bravo!) {*clapping*} And all you hear is, "There he go" Ha ha ha - ah, ah, ah You see my paint job's a fool, my paint job be poppin My paint job's so wet my license plates read (what it read?) PUSSY Shut yo' mouth [Interlude]  2X [Nelly] Listen now I, I She wanna know what my girlfriend know And uh, she wanna see how deep this can go She wanna know how much she can blow She wanna know what my girlfriend know Bong bong - RZA [Nelly + Pharrell] She 'bout to blow, there they go She 'bout to blow, 'bout to blow She 'bout to blow, there they go {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: One and Only Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nelly] Yo... we cool, right? Nah I mean, we go back You know, back before the records Before you went to college and became this person who you are Oh, congratulations on that anyway too, so But, for a long time it's been somethin I need to tell you Uhh, uhh, uhh - listen [Nelly  singing] You see we been knowin each other since we were about this high Same elementary, shared the same bus stop Even as a youngster I knew you was so fly Even back then I knew you were the one I watched you grow, I watched your transformation Right through school to your current occupation It took this long for me to man up and have this conversation But fuck it, here it go [Chorus: Nelly] I want you, to want me Girl I need to know that, I can be your one and only I need you, to need me See you were my worst mistake girl, and that's why It's hard to keep my cool when I see you with him Cause I really wish that you were right here Tell me what's it take to win just a - piece of your heart My only kryptonite is you, that's why anything you say I'll do So let me stop for a minute, take a second to say Girl you take my breath away, awayyyy Girl you take my breath away (awayyyy) You take my breath away, you take my breath away, yeah [Nelly - singing] Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh They say one man's trash is the next man's treasure Where one finds pain the next might find pleasure I don't pay attention to them haters, now or never I don't give a damn who was before me (me) All that matters is you're with me now All I need to know is that you're down Man it's somethin special about round-the-way ladies Ride-or-die baby, girl [Nelly  rapping] Yeah, on the real, let me tell you somethin.. Uhh, uhh, it's like I die a little every time I see you with this guy Thinkin to myself, "Now why the hell she with that guy" While she ain't by my side, we would be so fly We would live that life The life you used to dream is all about rapp-in Back when I used to pull my BMX up alongside of your Schwinn See, and here we are again Funny how fate brought my Phantom up alongside of your Benz And still [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: Nelly] Yeah so, I mean, like I said You know we been knowin each other for a long time You seen me go through, I seen you go through We here now and, I just thought I'd tell you that So, you got my number, as you got my e-mail You know everything So I guess the next message I get from you  will let me know what you think about this right here, aight? Aight, get home safe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ St. Lunatics Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Chill Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nelly] Yo, what you tell a muh'fucker with two black eyes? Nothin, you done already told his punk-ass twice [Ali] D, E, R, R, T, Y (we back, we back, we back) We all we got, yo, know I want y'all do? Yo.. Aiyyo stand at attention, raise your right arm, salute Roll the carpet out, watch all the Bloods "woot-woot" Watch the Crips loc' it up, we back, we got our focus up St. Lunatics, nigga know that, know that Supreme team, if we lose you open your minds Start readin some things, we got it, holla at us, c'mon Easy with that murder murder murder, kill kill We did that back when I was born, Bill Bill But I still do the knowledge, let me give you the math I rock a 7-and-a-half for my 7-and-a-half I be with Moses and Kane & Abel puttin in work I slap a nun, beat the reverend up, spit in his church My Derrty niggaz come through, we turn the heat up in June We at the party mackin, even throw a bitch in the room Mnage--trois, Murph' is {?}, me and Law Cause we the baddest muh'fuckers that you seen thus far, so [Chorus 2X: Ali] Nigga chill (chill) calm down (calm down) Watch your words (watch your words) don't let your mouth get ahead of ya You really talkin wreckless right now (right now) And we know you ain't built for that (nope) [City Spud] Look, learn, listen, check it Start your cars up, trick your broads out Pump your hard up, homie now put your guard up You throw that one-two but, look how I jab you No need you run in the derrty, homie I had to You was doin a lot of talkin (yup) a lot of barkin But your bite was nothin, guess you mighta been frontin Yo ain't no mic to it, City see right through it I was born to be the shit like I was Mike Hewitt{?} Don't, test me though, homie I might do it Check my track record, the feelin go right to it It was easy for me, I was born to win You was born to hate me, you should be born again You with Mike and Kevin, we with Law and them You cop American cars, we cop foreign 'em Take a look at us derrty, we put the star in them No slow stray bullets nigga, we Brett Favre'n them [Kyjuan] You gots to chill, and let your conscience be free Lil' boy, obviously y'all ain't fuckin with Ky' You see I stays real high, but I be's low-key I'm so allergic to the line e'rybody know me You know what? (What?) Why shouldn't y'all hate? Cause y'all so half decent, we Frosted Flakes great And these ain't came out yet, I know y'all so late I smoke zips, you pop 8's, damn what a waste My lady is so happy, yours masturbates You wash up in a sink, nigga I bathe in a lake The way y'all copy our style ASCAP should make y'all pay But they don't, so I'ma smoke a joint and get to the point The muh'fuckin point is keep my name out your mouth Unless you sayin how we repped the Lou, since we came out We've been winners since we came out, yo' mouth keep my name out You don't wanna see thirty cardinal birds with they thangs out [Murphy Lee] Murphy Lee God-body (like) take shit from nobody (nope) Nelly bought it for me so that's my Maserati (yup) Y'all know about me, I'm so far from sloppy (dirty) You not a female nigga, so how can you top me? My style can't be copied people trust me (trust me) Even though you look like me, your flow musty (musty) That means you stinkin, what you think's extinct Been gone too long to even dig up the bones I'm on my new-new, upgrade the kush from the doo-doo That's a big step, but that's how niggaz from the Lou do Last rap was too cool, but this one is too damn hot You wack rappers think you hot when you not (this is why I'm hot) All this I talk slick shit as if you really did shit Thinkin you deserve my spot, well thurr it is then Gave niggaz time but now I'm back with a few of my friends Lunatics 'bout to do this again, ohh [Nelly] Uh, tell you somethin... You should see their faces when I walk in the facility Mean mug, what's the purpose of you ice-grillin me? You're killin me but really B, you ain't on my radar Always used the right amount of strokes, that's why I stayed par I ain't no killer lil' silly nigga but they are You got the same ride as me but that's just my day car My dcor, might be Levi's and a A-R 15 G's in my pocket just to play cards So meet me in the casino, way in the back Me and her fleein the scene, away in the 'Llac She say she feelin her bean, a green of a stack She say she like it obscene, I'm way in the knack{?} In fact, you niggaz ain't like me, you salty (nah) Me, I'm like pepper cause I spice shit up The Flavor Flav of the game cause I hype shit up Might call my hundred watt niggaz in to light shit up You better chill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Avery Storm Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Who Fucks Wit Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] WOO! Uhh uhh, yeah [Chorus: Avery Storm] + (Nelly) I ain't even gotta talk no more All my letters speak for itself You see my numbers, you can add 'em up (Now who fucks with me?) I ain't even gotta rap no more (no!) My money works for itself (uhh) I'm runnin interest while I'm sleepin man (Now who fucks with me?) Oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh (Yeah, now who fucks with me?) Oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooooh (Uhh, uhh, now who fucks with me?) Oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh-oooh (Ay, now who fucks with me?) Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh (I'm earnin interest as I'm speakin man) (Now who fucks with me?) [Nelly] I ain't even gon' talk no mo' When you done with the minors ma come to the pros See I could put you in all them clothes Your neck, wrist, ears, hands, all that froze He could never ever put you in a rose But anything goes when you dealin with the baller Stand on my money if I wanna be taller Smack him with a G, I bet he go and get his lawyer Cause he really wanna sue me Take the bitch route, cause he know he cannot do me Know he can't outdo me in the records or the movies Man, I don't want your girl, plus I heard she got the cooties (Ah, ah, ahh...) If you mean what you feel then I mean what I said (Ah, ah, ahh...) You don't like cheap sex, I laid a mil' on the bed Spread it all out and we can roll around in it Hop off in the whip and we can roll around in it In the back seat and we can go to town in it Or maybe on the hood, sound profound, did it? He ain't get the message ma, act like he ain't get it He ain't catch a hint when you gave him back his rented Now his lil' condo one less tenant And I did it  but you know what? [Nelly] Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Well who you know with ten mil' on a plaque? Hit the Superbowl once so they brought me on back Ride around with my Grammy's on the 'Llac Better bag up nigga, Nelly bonds are the bag Me be the rapper, Nicky Bonds be the crack Think I fell off when they fell from the track You wanna come to Nellyville I'll draw you the map Follow that yellow brick road Follow that rainbow of diamonds down to the gold Follow shorty as she slide down a pole He tryna make it rain but it's comin down slow I hope he got the gloves cause I'm about to make it snow (Ohh, ohh, ohhh...) Like kids seein Santa when I walked in the club (Hohh, hohh, hohhh...) But I only brought presents for the girls Listen, play with me nigga if you wanna, if you feel Won't kill at will but will kill Bill Somebody better grab Bill, tell him to chill Before somebody find him buried in the hills (Ah, ah, ahh...) I got a reach, try on an order myself and such (Ah, ah, ahh...) Cause I be feelin myself too much, now listen [Nelly] WOO! Ohh Uh, uh - now who fucks with me? Yeah, I ain't even gon' talk no mo' (I ain't even gon' talk talk talk no mo', talk talk no mo') I ain't even gon' talk no mo' (I ain't even gonna talk no mo', talk no mo') Now who fucks with me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Gucci Mane, R. Kelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Ucud Gedit Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [R. Kelly] Ayyyyyy (ooh) ay-AYYYYYYYY Sexy ladies! [Gucci Mane] Uhh, sexy ladies stand up, what's happenin? (Gucci!) Polow what's happenin? [Chorus: Gucci Mane] Baby you the winner (pimp) you the one for the night What you gon' get girl? The best sex of your life You could get it (yeahhhhh) I ain't trippin, I ain't crabbin, I'm tippin (Gucci!) Real talk, baby girl you could get it! [Nelly] Hey baby girl, congratulations You might just be the baddest bitch I've ever seen And your demonstration, standin ovation You deserve your own cover of a magazine You the winner, you can get it (you can get it) Now this ain't no number, this a lottery ticket Be careful wit it (be careful wit it) don't let it out (don't let it out) See this can get you e'rything you dream about Money  in large amounts; cars  I brought 'em out And  and like a hole in my drawers, I'm ballllls, out {Yeahhhhhh} Yup, and like a hole in my drawers You heard me  I'm balls out [Interlude: R. Kelly] Baby you the winner, winner, winner, winner, winner, winner Girl you could get it, get it, get it, get it, get it, get it (Baby girl you could get it, baby girl you could get it, ohhh) [Nelly] Get it shawty (you right there) you could get it Get it shawty (you right there) you could get it Get it shawty (you right there) you could get it You could get it (you could) you could get it [R. Kelly] Bend it over, touch your toes, break that down, let it roll Bring it up and strike a pose, freak it like you want it though Baby you's a bad honey, hands-down bad honey Do it wrong go home, do it right get money You gotta freak that shit, fr-freak that shit like you want it You gotta show some ass, show some tits or show some'n! Just like a marathon, girl just g-g-go on, run it You 'bout to fuck around and come up on that five hun'ned! Shoppin sprees, livin V.I.P. Out of the country, when you fuck with me Polow, Nelly, Gucci, Kelly - you gotta like that We big tippin, call it the Rat Pack [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Nelly] + (Gucci Mane) Said I ain't never seen a girl like her (like her) I said I like the way she do that right thurr (how she do it) The way she pick it up and bounce it in the urr (okay) The way she rock them Apple Bottoms ain't fair (get 'em shawty) Look, I don't play no games, I don't see she funny Me, I hang with niggaz that get (straight to the money!) You see, no my name ain't Hova mama but I can throw up a +Roc+ See anybody buy a house, but who can buy that ass the block? Now I wanna take this time to thank my American Express For allowin me to express my American the best All you gotta say is yes, and all you gotta do is this And now ya ass rockin with the best! (sho' nuff!) [Chorus] + [Interlude] [Outro: Gucci Mane] Talk to 'em shawty (ha, ha, ha) Hey! Nelly, huh? Gucci, yeahhhh, Polow Damn! Huh? Huh? Nelly Huh? Polow, huh? Gucci! Ha, ha, Polow, Polow Nelly, Nelly, and Gucci, and Gucci Kelly, Kelly, Nelly, Nelly And Polow, and Polow, and Gucci Ha, well damn, well damn Bam, bam... {*ad libs fade out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Bay * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Wal-Mart online bonus track [Intro] Uh, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm [Chorus: Nelly] I was out in the  Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Met some niggaz from the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Met some girls from the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay Lot of folks in the - Bay Bay Bay Bay Bay And they all go  dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum They all get - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum They all go - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum They all get - dum dum dum dum dum dum dum dum Ohh! [Nelly  impersonating Spice 1] Uh, uh, uh Aiyyo I represent that Derrty E-N-T all the way But I'ma rip this shit up like I'm straight from the Bay But no it ain't the Spiggity 1 from back in the day It's the diggity-diggity Derrty one, they call him Nelly Leanin on his Cutlass with his cellular phone You could tell that the St. Lou' was his home More mail than the rest of them rappers Cause they did more stompin than the cappers And that's why Ice clique was it First name St., last name 'Tics Half-brothers and they name Murph' and Ky' Slo had a mask, City and Ali Old school rep, color cranberry Up in the abyss with homie E-40 Orange juice, mix it with the Tang-and-a-ray Hey, what can I say? (huh?) I was out in the.. [Nelly  impersonating Too $hort] Who you think this is? This ain't $hort, this St. Louis +Born to Mack+, ma that's my biz Life's +Too Short+, baby catch my drift I was told not long ago "Nelly, don't stop that rap If you do it well enough She just might bring it back" Then I yelled out BIATCH! I go on and on Baby girl skills on the level of porn A freaky tail that I met out on tour Mama was bad like Lena Horne $hort then said I got a dirty mouth Sometimes that might be true But I'm the CEO of Derrty mayne So, I ain't trippin off you I'm just out in the.. [Nelly  impersonating E-40] Rock a green fitted, with a yellow A Yeah I'm from the Lou', but today I'm reppin Bay Bring the yellow tape, he ain't gettin far Mirror in my pocket so I practice lookin hard And you don't wanna be around when them boys pullin out them thangs All my niggaz is pimps, man they all carryin canes I met this girl up in the club, she told me call her Wassie Red bone thick, with a bangin-ass body Now is I, now is I, should I save her? Think about it, no way, UGHH! Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane What's his crew name? Derrty E-N-T mayne! I just wanna know (know) tell me when to go (go) Price is on the Cavi', but I can get it low Pocket full of fatty and sippin that hurricane So just sprinkle me mayne [Outro] Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Let's Go * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Nelly] Yo, check Aiyyo if I was from New York I'd probably be from Harlem An uptown nigga with a hunger for stardom Players runningback, coach I can't guard 'em If you like me on your team ma, you needs a starter Beg your pardon, kid is actin disrespectful He walk up in the club, Slick Rick with his neck full Goin to start a money war, what is he there for? Stacks little paper, what he do that for? Throw a few thousand out the roof of my Maybach Just a little somethin that I got from Reebok We cop, e'rything you see up in the windows Shoppin sprees keep me hungry ma, it's time to get some {?} Turkey bacon, egg whites all up in my griddle Obscene how the protein keep a nigga lean ... Knahmean? It's obscene how the protein keep a nigga lean [Chorus: Nelly] We got a problem in here?! HELL NO! We got a problem in here?! I SAID HELL NO! You niggaz wanna set it off?! HELL YEAH! You really wanna set it off?! H-H-HELL YEAH! Then let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go (hey!) Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go Let's go, let's goooo (hey!) [Nelly] I'm just chillin in my Coupe (what?) chillin in my Coupe (what?) I'm chillin in my Coupe with my chick on the side I'm just chillin in my Coupe (what?) I'm chillin in my Coupe (what?) I'm chillin in my Coupe with my chick on the side I'm like a country-ass Adonis lookin for my goddess Same attractin apparatus around, that can find her Pulled down the shades, clothes on your body She can go behind this lame and let shorty go to work Show a couple thou', bet shorty go berserk Last night she on the pole, then this mornin she in chruch On her knees in both places, man I bet that hurt Get you some extra funds, support ya single moms Heard she slangin ass so you can say she buy sex Plus she got a friend so I hope she bi-sex I park right next to her, yeah that's me Plus the house up on the hill, baby yeah that's me [Nelly] See I'm a U-City alumni, lookin out my one eye Similar to Popeye, when I'm on that spinach Somebody call up the Guinness Book, it's gotta be record Like when I heard the beat I knew it had to be on my record Know folks need it, I'm officially elected The right to bear arms, I'm officially protected So if I call you out, don't argue, respect it Matter fact, go hit the showers, you officially ejected! I used to slang the Jimmy Crack when I didn't care I seen Jimmy jack corn homie, I was there When Jimmy turned around with his devilish glare I showed Jimmy waistline, partner he wouldn't dare (c'mon) I can burn your chest like shots of Patron Fuck a drink, I'm talkin 50-cal desert eagle holmes ... Ah ah ah ah I drop down and get my 50-cal desert eagle on (boom!) [Chorus]  2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Problems * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Wal-Mart online bonus track [Intro: Nelly] Let's go, ay This story we about to tell you, is all true The names may have been changed to protect some of those close to me Uhh, uhh, true story, but if not [Nelly] They say money is the root of all evil And I'm really startin to see what it do to people Check it (c'mon) mo' money, mo' problems Well e'rybody got problems, but they expect me to solve 'em (hey) And I can barely solve my own Got me lookin at 'em like, "You supposed to be grown?" And I done said this shit in four different tones To they face, e-mails mayne and over the phone I done said that shit calm, I done said that shit loud I done pulled 'em to the side, I done tried to sit 'em down But some just don't get it Cause they mind only focused on (hey) shit what I got What they ain't got, and what they can't get Got me lookin at my albums like "Who wrote this shit?" Believe me man, I hope this get just a tad bit better but I doubt that shit (it's like hey!) [Chorus: Nelly] I can hear these people say, "Damn that boy done changed" But they don't understand the pressures I'm goin through Oh how I wish there was a way, to change places for a day Just so they can see what it's like to walk a mile in my shoes [Nelly] Yo, listen C'mon, I love Dave Chappelle But I don't know too many turn down 50 mil' See that's talk for real Besides, you know what I had to go through to get this deal? How many brothers I done seen get killed for 50 bucks and a few of them pills? Y'all don't feel me (Man please) Damn right I sing all them songs So I can buy my pops a car and my momma a home So she can sit up on the phone with her best friend Joan Talkin like on and on how her baby done grown "How my baby make his own through the microphone And how my baby been my baby since my baby was born" But uhh, I ain't sayin man it's all about the money But let's face it, you can't make a record for free I'll be damned if I watch 'em make a mil' off me And I just sit back and take it, for minimum wage And I done gave 'em e'rything but my D and my A I say hey, that's what the contract say (contract say) They make it seem like you can't get away It's like you owe these niggaz three more days Y'all don't feel me (hey!) [Outro: Nelly] Woo! Uh, uh... Shout out to my nigga Polow Woo! A knocker right here O.G. Uh, uh, uh, yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Wadsyaname Typed By: Benjamin_beard86@comcast.net* * first single; send corrections to the typist [Piano samples Kci & JoJo] Let's Go! Hey Shawty, Shawty, Shawty Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) I said now shawty shawty Go n do ya dance (do ya dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Shawty [Verse 1] Sad to say I'm only in town for the night (ya see) I got like 8 hours left before my flight (look herre) Heyo I'm trying to stay respectful and polite (ya dig) Now you can tell me go to hell, if ya like Now I ain't one of them niggas that wanna trip Get mad cause you aint interested, he yellin fuck you bitch Now don't get it twisted, yeah I'ma look when you pass But I aint the one to pull on your arm or grab your ass You see its the swagger, It wont allow me lookin thirst Now I aint attacking unless I get a signal first And I aint the one thats gon be playin and do the do Before its over you gon say (shit I should pay you) Please believe it Hey Shawty, Shawty, Shawty Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) I said now shawty shawty Go n do ya dance (do ya dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Shawty [Verse 2] I like to see ya independent wit ya job I like ya got ya own house and ya own car But ya say you gotta lame ass nigga in your life And he cant get the mental and physical part right You playin wit ya toys but ya toys dont bite See they dont talk shit and they dont hit it how you like See I just want the first right of refusal, when you catch mood Just call and I come through and sock it to you, promise you booboo He said he got the magic stick, well ma my shit is like voodoo That there stay harder than a rodeo you can ride like Isuzu But all you need is your leather boots, we riding in birthday suits My time is movin fast, so thats why I ask ya Hey Shawty, Shawty, Shawty Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) I said now shawty shawty Gone n do ya dance (do ya dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Shawty [Bridge] Whats ya name girl (eh eh) I said now shawty whats ya sign (eh eh) Now tell me where ya man at (hey girl) Where he at (hey Girl) where he at (hey girl) I said now whats ya name girl (shinay) I said now shawty whats ya sign (pisces) Tell me where ya man at (who carres) Where he at (who carres) where he at (who carres) Hey [Chorus - 2X] Hey Shawty, Shawty, Shawty Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) Whats ya name is (whats ya name) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) Hey Whats ya sign (Hey) I Said now, shawty, shawty, shawty Where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) Hey where ya man (man) I said now shawty shawty Go n do ya dance (do ya dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Go do your dance (do that dance) Shawty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Brass Knuckles Song: Warrior * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Chorus 2X: Nelly] Cause I'm a WARRIORRRRRRRRRRRRRR! And this is my battle cry Hey now, hey now, hey now, hey (woo!) Hey now, hey now, hey now, hey [Nelly] WARRIOR! No horse, I'm in the Cadillac No spur, I got a black bag No crown, I got my hat back No drive, I got my Rat Pack And it's like that, yeahhhh I ain't ask you for your feedback All your comments you hatin and makin, I don't need that I see your chest, where that beat at? No heart, no soul, no goal, believe that! You ain't ready, I can see that And if I have to take the stand, yo the fifth I'ma plead that But for now mayne, I ain't sayin nothin You wanna keep frontin? Then I'ma show 'em somethin Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah [Nelly] Yo, see on the real, I think my jewelry's racist My earrings don't get along and they both hate the bracelet My chains say my charm be actin heavy sometimes They call my watch a momma's boy, cause it constantly whine If I told you record sales you would think I was lyin Derrty early 30, he talkin 'bout he retirin I used to be Fo Reel, now I'm just Derrty I just wanted to sell a mil', whoever thought I'd do 30? (hey) Well maybe I did, but never this early Every time they doubted me like Tiger Woods But I kept comin back like Tiger would Bangin them (woo!) like rival hoods Cause I'm a.. [Nelly] Cause I'm a WARRIORRRRRRRRRRRRRR! ... Cause I'm a WARRIORRRRRRRRRRRRRR! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Birdman, DJ Khaled Album: 5.0 Song: I'm Number 1 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DJ Khaled] + (Birdman) + {Nelly} We number ONE! (Yeah, so fresh, so fly) We number one on this rap shit! (Yeah dirty - dirty low key) We number one on the charts! (C.M.B., yeah) I'm number one! (Stunna) {Dirty} Man we the best, man! Listen, I'm number one! (Stunna) {Dirty} I'm number one! (Stunna) {Dirty} I'm number one! (Stunna) {Dirty} Man we the best, man! [Nelly] Ay; fourth quarter, I'm goin hard If my money's stupid my credit card's a retard The Lamborghini Bugatti all in the same yard I want the freak and the lady all in the same broad BALLIN - way before Jim Jones I gots to be the richest nigga with this skintone Somebody get the doctor on the phone My diagnosis, I got gettin money syndrome Hey! I got that hustler's disease I got paper chasin tendencies and they yet to find a remedy So shorty feelin me the way I be dressin She like my white tee, neck V, Polo pressin My tie gold and purple and my three-piece vest and I'm a young woman's blessin, I'm every woman's confession To older women you can call me cougar bait To all you haters I'ma call you too late [Chorus: DJ Khaled] + (Birdman) + {Nelly} I'm number one, one, one! (Stunna) {Dirty} (Stunna) {Dirty} I'm number one, one, one! (Stunna) {Dirty} (Stunna) {Dirty} I'm number one, one, one! (Stunna) {Dirty} (Stunna) {Dirty} I'm number one, one, one! (Stunna) {Dirty} (Stunna) [Birdman] Yeah, yeah, swagged out Diamond 'round my neck, diamond 'round my teeth Diamond on my bitch, diamond on my fleet Hardly on the bike, love a nigga stripes Five star O.G., 3rd Ward, loud pipes Uptown soldier, floss on the ave Make a hundred G's nigga bouncin on the slab Make a hundred G's nigga spend it on the ave Move a hundred B's garbage bag full of cash Yard to the lot, shittin on they ass Weed's in the Hummer, 250 on the dash Yeah - early in the mornin when the sun shine Got a yacht in the yard, ocean fly Ocean time, ocean view Pearly white waves, on them 22's Five new Bentleys, out the paper bag To the paper tag - {shinin on they ass} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Chris Brown, Plies Album: 5.0 Song: Long Gone Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  (Ohh, whoa) Woo! (Whoa, yeah) Hey! Hey! [Chorus 2X: Nelly + Chris Brown] Man, you better leave your girl at home man Cause if I catch her in the club all alone man She gon' be (long) she gon' be (gone) She gon' be (yeah) she gon' be (yeah, yeah) [Nelly] Yo' girl (yo' girl) so fine (so fine) Yo' girl, I gotta make her mine (make her mine) {Ohh} Ohh {whoa} ohh, ohh, ohh And I know (I know) you don't mind (you don't mind) Cause I see her alone all the time (all the time) {Ohh} Yeah {whoa} yeah, yeah, oh yeah So don't be stupid and bring her to the club (club) Cause I guarantee I'm gonna snatch her up {whoa} [Chris] Ohh, well, yeah [Nelly] I'm 'bout to make your girl my girl, who's girl? Yo' girl [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Cause all it take (all it take) is one drink (one drink) Cause man I promise she gon' throw that ass on me, yeah She gon' be {long} ohh {gone} ohh Yeah, yeah, yeah Cause I'ma take her to the crib, have her feelin like a kid Man it's gon' be like stealin candy straight from a baby, yeah {Ohh} Yeah {whoa} yeah, yeah, oh yeah And I know, you don't mind Cause I see her alone all the time (all the time) {Ohh} Yeah {whoa} yeah, yeah, oh yeah So don't be stupid and bring her to the club (club) Cause I guarantee I'm gonna snatch her up {whoa} [Chris] Ohh, well, yeah [Nelly] I'm 'bout to make your girl my girl, who's girl? Yo' girl [Chris Brown - over Chorus] You better leave her, ohh! Yeah, yeah, hey hey, yeah Oh yeah, ohhhh [Plies] Aight papa, I got you dirty-dirty Aight bruh, aight bruh-bruh E'rybody turn around and wave at the buster He in the club with his bitch cause he don't trust her One wrong move and I'ma fuck her You a lollipop nigga you a sucker You broke, and she like hustlers I'm rich, and I like ho-ers Hey buster, last chance If that's yo' bitch you better hold her hand Cause you don't go to the beach and bring sand I want yo' bitch, you know my plan I got hun-dreds in my pants And they'll fit as 'bout as lame as yo' man, hah! [Chris Brown - over Chorus] You better leave her, ohh! Yeah, yeah, hey hey, yeah Oh yeah, ohhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ T.I. Album: 5.0 Song: She's So Fly Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: T.I.] + (Nelly) Say Mo (yeah bruh) You remember them broads on the strip out in Vegas? (Uh-huh, what about 'em?) Well I don't know if I told you or not but (hmm?) Lil' shawty I was in the back seat with man, you know uhh (uhh, Naomi) I ran into her on Rodeo Drive in L.A., and I was like [Chorus: Nelly] (She's so fly) She's outrageous, I met her out in Vegas She fresh off the pages of a magazine, I said (She's so fly) She like eye candy, I can't stop starin I'm like goddamn, I got to have you girl, because (She's so, fly) [T.I.] Look at shorty hoppin out that Maserati In them Giuseppe Zanotti's and that bangin ass body In them low cut Frankie B.'s with the panties peekin out 'em With a booty that big, and her stomach rock solid On Rodeo Drive, walkin in her Roberto Cavalli I should probably walk up to the register and say "I got it" Go and pick up what you like, it's nothin ma, don't worry about it That bag should be carried by somebody so exotic And that dress should be worn when there's nothin else up under Just in case I run into you I can pull up to your bumper She politely declined when I offered her my number Then I asked her what's her name, said she'd rather make me wonder So I paid and she laughed, carried out her bags outside And I couldn't get her ass, I tried As I watch her leave out the store How one man wanted shorty ass and more, for sure [Nelly] Shorty harder than Cialis See my hand, got the money countin careless Couldn't find a bigger star than in Dallas And the Pistons ain't the only one with rings in +The Palace+ Do your research, tell me your analysis Take a jet and make you +Wonder+ where you +Land+ like Alice .. Tell me shorty ain't the baddest Tell me shorty don't deserve to walk the runway in Paris (Woo!) She deserve it all I don't do the mall, I do it by catalog La Perla panties and bras, fuck buyin at the bar I fuck around and buy this whole club by tomorrow ... See, she's so nice She can get whatever she likes Don't let the price make you mad I live a Fabolous life shorty, +Throw It in the Bag+ [T.I.] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, go (She's so flyyyyyy) What? Ha, yeah, yeah (She's so fly to me) Look at her [Nelly] + (T.I.) Uhh, hoppin out that Rover (hey) In them Louie loafers (hey) I just wanna hold her (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) {Closer to me - closer to meeeeee} [T.I.] Ay, we in Vegas on the strip and seein vision and precision lookin like a straight star With the buttons undone, showin off her lace bra My partner in the back, 'til the smoke hop in they car Okay, broad{?} in L.A., she say I got her to the mall, ha [Nelly] So, we hopped in the Land and we rolled out, yeah Walked on the end and we showed out, yeah It's the King and the One with the dough out hurr We can blow out hurr - cause she's so fly ... (She's so, fly) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: Nelly 5.0 Song: Just a Dream Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh I was thinkin 'bout her, thinkin 'bout me Thinkin 'bout us, where we gon' be? Opened my eyes, yeah It was only just a dreeeeeeeam So I travel back, down that road Will she come back? No one knows I realize, yeah It was only just a dreeeeeeeam [Nelly] I was at the top and now it's like I'm in the basement Number one spot, now she found her a replacement I swear now I can't take it Knowin somebody's got my baby And now you ain't around, baby I can't think I shoulda put it down, shoulda got that ring Cause I can still feel it in the air See her pretty face, run my fingers through her hair My lover, my life My shorty, my wife She left me, I'm tight Cause I knew that it just ain't right [Nelly] When I be ridin man I swear I see her face at every turn Tryin to get my Usher on but I can't let it +Burn+ And I just hope she know that she the only one I yearn - for My woman, oh I miss her, when will I learn? Didn't give her all my love, I guess now I got my payback Now I'm in the club thinkin all about my baby Hey, she was so easy to love But wait, I guess that love wasn't enough I'm goin through it every time that I'm alone And now I'm missin, wishin she pick up the phone But she made a decision that she wanted to move on Cause I was wrong [Nelly] If you ever loved somebody put your hands up If you ever loved somebody put your hands up And now they're gone and you wishin you could give them everything Everything (heyyy) Said if you ever loved somebody put your hands up If you ever loved somebody put your hands up And now they're gone and you wishin you could give them everything [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Rico Love Album: 5.0 Song: Making Movies Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Have a drink (have a drink) let's get it in (let's get it in) Where your girls at? (Girls) Call your friends (call your friends) Let the top back and we can take a spin Roll it up and we can blow it in the wind What you need? (What you need?) We'll hit the mall (we'll hit the mall) Tell your man you gon' holla at him tomorrow And later on I'ma show you how to ball But tonight shorty we gon' do it all, so [Interlude: Rico Love] What you waitin on? I'ma come and get you Girl just hit me when you're leavin the club Don't put them panties on, girl you ain't gon' need 'em cause I promise I'll be tearin it up [Chorus: Rico Love] Cause we don't make love, we be makin movies We don't make love, we be makin movies Girl this ain't a tub, we in the jacuzzi Watchin all the suds run down on your booty We don't make love, we be makin movies We don't make love, we be makin movies Girl this ain't a tub, we in the jacuzzi Watchin all the suds run down on your booty Turn the lights on [Nelly] Back it up, bend over, put it on me girl then drop Go for what you know cause I love it when you on top It's excitin when you bitin, you fightin to get that spot You can get that guap, as long as you don't stop On your back with your legs up All up in the air, just keep 'em right there You won't find nothin better You're dealin with a player, the man right chea girl [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Nelly] I don't care, let 'em stare, they gon' be the audience We gon' be the superstars, we'll perform for all of them You gon' scream my name and I'll put your name in the lights I'ma change your life, stay with me tonight Ohhhhhh [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Akon, T-Pain Album: 5.0 Song: Move That Body Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: T-Pain] Move, that body Work, that body girl Twist, that body Shake, it shawty Move, that body (like~!) Work, that body girl (like~!) Twist, that body (like~!) Shake, it shawty (WHOA!) [Nelly] All my bad bitches stand up See you by the bar, gon' put your hands up See you got a boyfriend shorty, and what? Ass so big barely pull your pants up Well I got somethin for that, Ros pour that Hands in the air, put your booty where the floor at You should know that, anywhere Mo at Pause for the picture shorty we can take a Kodak Cause you got some'n mean on Like you painted them jeans on And your whole clique bad, and your team's strong I know your ex want you back, tell him dream on [Interlude: T-Pain] Shawty wanna show me how that body gon' work I like all that seductionnnn She got a lil' closer, over and over Shakin that butt thennnn I got sucked innnn I gotta show her what's up thennnn But if she wanna rock with a player She gon' have to follow my instructions, like [Nelly] Ain't no competition or dissin, that's my position You listen and pay attention, you'll be feelin the same 21 and older, you shakin it cause you wanna Nobody to tell you no so don't be feelin no shame Now gon', shake ya ass, make your boyfriend mad (uh-huh) Shake ya ass, make your boyfriend mad (uh-huh) Give you somethin you probably ain't never had I bet your baby daddy can't do that - I got that! Killa killa for reala, got whatever you like He give it to you, wrong, I give it to you right He gon' give it for a second, I'ma give it all night He just do it just to do it, I "just do it" like Mike [Interlude] [Akon] Ain't nothin like watchin you rock for me Go 'head girl and just drop for me While I'll just sit back And just admire that Hopin that you don't plan to stop for me Brought about a hundred thousand stacks with me When I know you like that But I also like it when you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Diddy Album: 5.0 Song: 1000 Stacks Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Blade... {*echoing whisper*} [Diddy] Yeah (yeah) Aiyyo Nelly (aiyyo Nelly) Let's do this (let's do this) AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! [Notorious B.I.G. sample] + (Diddy) "At-at-at last, I'm literally loungin black" (yeah) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (c'mon) "At last, I'm literally loungin black" (yeah) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh Got a bad bitch with me, she in the Valentino Half black and Filipino, I let her count the C-notes Her under Apple Bottom, my underwear Sean John A hundred on every arm, hundred more in my charm (let's go) [Chorus: Diddy] + (Nelly) (Tell 'em Puff!) Let your mind, let your body and your soul go {Let your soul go} It's aight, get your money, stack more dough (Tell 'em Puff!) Pick a day, get your girl, come and play C'mon, you know my motherfuckin name - you know my motherfuckin name [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh How 'bout we hop the Monte Carlo tomorrow with lots of bottles In the ocean with the goggles and act like we won the lotto Uh-oh! Lamborghini, Bugatto, I'm mashin on the throttle My motto is snatch your model with a lot of {?} Ay! Insane, my game is like James Or, Kobe or maybe Dwyane Wade's Fresh shades, Alexander McClains Bottles of Ros, Croc and O.J. [Interlude: Notorious B.I.G. sample] + (Diddy) "At last, I'm literally loungin black" (c'mon) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "At last, I'm literally loungin black" (c'mon) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "Sittin back, sittin back, sittin back, sittin back" (c'mon) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) [Nelly] I kick in the door, wavin the 4-4 All you heard was "Derrty, don't hurt 'em no more" Well fuck that, I'm takin my ring back (ring back) So take that (take that) so take that [Nelly] I pull up to the party, Bacardi, smokin cigar-y with the baddest little shorty cause shorty love to get naughty Uh-oh! Dollar after dollar you niggaz might wanna holla I cinch your little collar, I'll {?} you with a comma Ay! Keep time, eight-piece shine We fly, only in G-5 Uh-oh! She's fine, yup, she's mine Put your peace high, homie for B.I. [Interlude] [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Now - what y'all wanna do? You fuckin with a baller, a St. Louis brawler You can hate but she gon' fuck with me regardless V-V-A flawless, all this [Nelly] Uhh, stackin paper's contagious, buildin paper skyscrapers Uhh, stuntin outrageous, comin straight out the matrix Uh-oh! Hustle lil' mami, countin paper's my hobby Throwin up the Ducati, down the streets of Miami C'mon, my neck gold, the bling is Ringo And uhh, it came gold, it made to hang low Uh-oh! The bankroll is made to stay swole And uhh, it can't fold, more paper than Kangol [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Kelly Rowland Album: 5.0 Song: Gone Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Gone, gone - she got me gone Girl you know you got me gone [Kelly Rowland] Nelly got me gone, gone, gone, gone Boy you know you got me gone [Nelly] Yeah... uhh, ay 'Member that chick that used to live right up the block from me? I seen her yesterday, and she's still fly She's still right, still tight, still fine Yup, I still wanna make her mine And uhh, I want much more than just a moment See I ain't tryin to lease or tryin to rent, I'm tryin to own it Yeahhhh, this time I'll make my move This time I'll show and prove, prove that I'm really irreplacable Plus I don't know if she ever been told But I got whatever she needs, yeah And whichever way we go No one could ever take what we've got right here between one another Don't care what they say, you gon' be my lover And if it's in-love baby, I wanna fall Just promise me baby, you'll be here through it all [Chorus: Nelly] + (Kelly) I'd do it all again if I have to, throw this money at you Girl you know you got me gone (I'd do it all again if I have to, you ain't gotta ask boo) (Boy you know you got me gone) Kelly got me gone, gone, gone, gone Girl you know you got me gone (Nelly got me gone, gone, gone, gone) (Boy you know you got me gone) [Kelly Rowland] You know I still got the love for you baby (baby) You still be drivin me crazy (crazy) And all of my heart, will forever be yours And no one could ever break what we've got right here between one another Don't care what they say, you gon' be my lover And if it's in-love baby, I wanna fall Just promise me baby, you'll be here through it alllllllllllllll [Nelly] Look shawty I done told you once, pay attention I'ma tell you twice I done been around the world but I never met a girl like you in my whole life It's somethin you need to know, you make me wanna get physical You make me wanna get intimate, into it, I'm fixin to blow All my heart, and all my time I'll give you everything that you wanted, baby just name your price Mine is yours, and yours is mine Trust me that's a fact girl; you ain't gotta ask cause I don't know if you ever been told But I got whatever you need, girl And whichever way we roll No one could ever take what we've got right here between one another Don't care what they say, you gon' be my lover And if it's in-love baby, I wanna fall Just promise me baby, you'll be here through it all [Kelly] + (Nelly) Gone, gone, gone, gone Boy you know you got me (gone) Gone (gone) gone (gone) gone (gone) Gone (gone) gone (gone) gone (gone) Gone (gone, you know I'd) gone [Nelly] Uh-uhh, yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Rico Love Album: 5.0 Song: Don't It Feel Good Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Rico Love] Yo, I don't wanna do a whole lot of talkin I just wanna get to it, yo [Chorus: Rico Love] + (Nelly) You better not let go (ohh~!) Cause you ain't even, you ain't even close (ohh~!) Just wait until I get you out them clothes (ohh~!) Out your clothes, yeah - I'ma show you what your body's for (ohh~!) I wanna know (uhh, uhh) don't it feel good? (HEY!) Don't it feel good, baby don't it feel good to you? (HEY!) Don't it feel good, baby don't it feel good? Don't it feel good? (HEY!) Don't it feel good, baby don't it feel good to you? (HEY!) To you (uhh, uhh) don't it feel good? [Nelly] I was ridin around in my Benz, she was posted up with her friends I was hangin out with my partners, but I told that ass to get in Ay girl let's go for a spin, you know a nigga got ends She was checkin out my, checkin out my, checkin out my rims Hey girl let's hit the hotel, make a movie more like a matinee You know do some things you know well, thug passion baby that's Aliz (c'mon) My car was all in yo' lane, them thoughts is all in yo' brain My hands is all in yo' hurr, but I won't tell yo' mayne - no! [Nelly] Tryin to get you up in my stable, lay you out on the table Clear out all them dishes, let's do it like we on cable Cut off both of them phones, girl you need to be sippin champagne or that 'trn, then the headboard you be grippin My V.I.P., is the B-E-D, or the back seat of my ride Fog up my windows so they can't see from outside You can call me daddy, I'ma call you baby Girl you need to get at me, who been fuckin you lately? [Nelly] Yeah shorty let me see what you got Let me see if it's wet and let me see if it's hot Let me show you why I am and let me show you why not Shoot 'em all night long, shawty ain't gon' stop How 'bout I pick you up and throw you in the middle of the bed Turn you over on your stomach, start kissin from your neck to your back, to your thigh, to the middle of the wow Keep goin and goin until you scream out - "Damn!" Yeah baby girl I'm somethin like a nympho A St. Louis, M-O with a pimp flow So, hold on like ya limbo and get lower, let me show ya what ya in fo' A whole lot of bangin, man a whole lot of nights Like a heavyweight fight with a '86 Mike Tyson, slicin, and you're Holyfield bitin Bitin bitin [Rico Love] + (Nelly) (OHH!) Don't it feel good, baby don't it feel good to you? (OHH!) Don't it feel good, baby don't it feel good? Don't it feel good? (OHH!) Don't it feel good, baby don't it feel good to you? (OHH!) To you (uhh, uhh) don't it feel good? (HEY! HEY! HEY!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Sophie Greene, Yo Gotti Album: 5.0 Song: Broke Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Yeah, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh Mm-mm-hmm, yeah! Yeah I drink Croc, cause I fuck with Puff I pop that Ace of Spade, because I rock with Jay I'm on that Cali good, but I'm not in L.A. I'm somewhat halfway, between there and the Bay I like them bougie broads, I like around-the-ways I take 'em outta they J's, put 'em in Hermes Might hang out in the club, might chill in somethin safer Kinko's and Office Max, I love to hang with paper My crib is plush plush, I'm talkin elevator So don't you touch touch, those {?} alligator You fly, right? My fly is greater Multiply the money, add the bitches subtract the haters [Chorus: Sophie Greene] (She says) I don't want no broke niggaz - no, no I don't want no broke niggaz - no, no If you ain't got no money then you can't do nothin for me If you ain't got no money then you can't do nothin for me In Vegas, L.A., M-I-A, New York, yeah I like shopping If you can handle all of that then we can get it popping Cause I don't want no broke nigga - no, no I want the type of nigga who know how to ball, ohh [Yo Gotti] I'm Yo Gotti~! You don't want no broke nigga, I don't want no broke bitch Started ballin cut quick, I guess we on the same shit She want me to wife her, maybe change her life up Give the keys, shoppin sprees, and only if I like her See money ain't the object but let's get it clear (clear) This is not a gift, it's a souvenir (nir) See maybe I'm that nigga who know how to ball (I am!) He's thug well height, but the money tall Audemar, his and hers, b-body straight, hips and curves Friends hangin on your nerves, tried to tell 'em don't want your girls I come from a different world, money do not grow on trees That's why I had to hustle hard and get my paper out the streets (I'm Yo Gotti~!) [Nelly] My money long, money strong, bitch I'm buku paid I'm throwin shots back, like it's K-Kool-Aid I got them cuckoo shades, them shits is crazy dark I got two shorties feelin on each other's lady parts Play your part (play your part) know your role That Mustang cold, painted Olympic gold I call her Eleanor, you know that she'll be rips I'm gone in sixty ticks, t-t-t-t-t-ticks Before my deal I'll cut by sixty chicks Acrobatics got my money turnin sixty flips Old schools, I be on that 60's shit My nigga gone forever, intent with sixty bricks The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Keri Hilson Album: 5.0 Song: Liv Tonight Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Keri Hilson] I just wanna live tonight I just wanna live tonight away I just wanna live tonight I just wanna live my li-i-ife, ay... I, I, I, I, I-I-I-I [Chorus: Keri Hilson] I just wanna live tonight I just wanna live tonight away I just wanna live tonight I just wanna live my li-i-ife, ay (New York! L.A.! Chicago! V-A! St. Louis!) I just wanna live my life, ay (Hey Vegas! Miami! Hey London! Toronto! Hey Paris!) I just wanna live my li-i-ife, ay [Nelly] I said, I said, I said... Top down as I roll down the back street Shotgun with a twin in the back seat No one, them two and it's just me Pull up to the club like a pimp see Shouts out to the players in the V.I.P. Hey DJ, yeah you remember me It's the nigga with the same crew from last week And we be, and we be Poppin bottles, makin noise On the tables, on the bar Shootin game at every broad Tell them girls to freak them boys I feel the Patrn ring shots I'm throwin hundred dollar raindrops I live it up yo, and they not And they not - cause todayyyy [Nelly] I'm with whatever shorty What you thinkin? I'm treatin all night so what you drinkin? Don't be afraid lil' mama, let loose Get shorty there another Grey Goose Tell your friends come here, let's see what they do What they do, hey Go shorty, it's your birthday Want a Maybach for my birthday Want the place to see my birthday Want it black-on-black to the light gray And you can roll with me Yeah you can roll with me All y'all can roll with me Cause todayyyy... Wanna live it! [Nelly + Keri Hilson] I just wanna live to-night awayyyyy I just wanna live to-night away-yay-yay-yay-yeah [Nelly - repeat 2X] If you like how this sound then shorty let's get down You wanna go crazy y'all then let's go now Tonight we gon' party 'til they shut the club down I'm goin hard until they kick my ass out, out [Keri Hilson - over Chorus] Just wanna live tonight Just wanna live tonight away Just wanna live my life, HEY! I just wanna live my life, yeah Live my life, hey [Nelly + Keri Hilson] Live to-night awayyyyy (I just wanna live my life, ay) Said I just wanna live to-night away-yay-yay-yay-yeah, yeah (I just wanna life my li-i-ife, ay) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: 5.0 Song: Nothing Without Her Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*whispered*: "Turn the lights off"} [Nelly] So they sayyyyy, she's a bad girl Some say she's a bitch, she's a liar And fuckin with her is like playin with fire And so I'll sayyyyy (so I'll say) hey that's my girl (that's my girl) And I'ma be the one that's gonna make her better And you gon' always see the two of us together (yeah) Cause when I'm goin through some things, I know that she's my day, light In the middle of the darkness I can see things clearly Because she's near me, yeahhhhhh [Chorus: Nelly] Ain't no way I'm lettin her go See I've been warned by everyone around me She gon' be the death of me, oh yeah But ain't no way I'm lettin her go, noooo See all the money in this world Mean nothin without her, nothin without her, yeahhhh [Nelly] So they sayyyyy, she's a problem It ain't nothin cause I'm known to be a solver And I ain't worried 'bout what other people call her So I'll sayyyyy (so I'll say) I tamed a wild one (I tamed a wild one) I ain't sayin I can make nobody perfect But I can really see what's underneath the surface (yeah) Cause when I look deep in her eyes, I see there's love inside, I wanna be the one to show her, that I'm truly devoted She's gonna know it, yeahhh so [Nelly - repeat 2X] Let me be the reason baby let me be the cause Let me be the only one you let up in your heart Let me be the picture, that's sittin in your frame Let me be your lover, I'll let you be the same {*25-second guitar instrumental*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Ali, Talib Kweli Album: 5.0 (Deluxe Edition) Song: Go Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Life... what is it for real? [Ali] I don't know... yo It's like hate takin over but hold up, what is it over? Suicide, man that's the devil tryin to control us They told us but we ain't notice the pain was sittin on they shoulders The world is just too polar, they'd rather live in the solar System got us hopeless, they focus on foreclosures Wake up and smell the Folgers, Obama bring home the soldiers Osama, you owe us, the 9/11 was bogus Now we right back at him, save the world is our motive C'mon... [Nelly] Yeah, wake up early in the streets of the block (streets of the block) He posted up on the corner like a soldier in a drill but it won't stop Yeah, livin life in the battlefield (battlefield) Hmm, tryin to survive every day and every night is the same deal Cause, life's strange (life's strange) time changes (time changes) But karma always finds a way Stay strong (stay strong) hold on (hold on) And don't let all your dreams fade away [Interlude: Nelly] Yeah life can beat you down What goes, it comes around It's not how you hit the ground It's how fast you get back up, and [Chorus: Nelly] Go! Keep goin, sometimes it feel like I'm givin my life away And it gets hard, and harder, the happiness is worth the wait Cause all I want is a better day Cause all I want is a better way, hey [Nelly] A lot of mothers they just don't understand (they just don't understand) Yeah, they think we hard on our sons but we gotta teach our boys how to be a man Yeah, they on they own when they walk out the door (when they walk out the door) Mm, see we can show 'em how to fire but they gotta teach theyself how to reload Cause, unemployment's higher than it's ever been Sometimes it feels like I can't win And even though all the rules keep changin I'm stronger now than I was when I came in [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Talib Kweli] Hey, hey Rollin through the back streets like we got beef A carnival for carnivores with the sharp teeth They animalistic, that's why we call the cops beast They on the hunt cause they hungry for the dark meat I'm rappin to my heartbeat, the brain is the bass The heart is the drum; give the drummer some Promise of a better life is all I got to give I ain't just tryin to survive, I'm tryin to live [Nelly] Cause all I want is a better way, hey If you're not prepared the world can be so cold All that you can do is your best and just hope (yeah) In time the truth will show, just stick to what you know Get a grip on somethin real, and never let it GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Avery Storm Album: 5.0 (Deluxe Edition) Song: If I Gave U 1 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh It's like no matter what I try to do I just can't make her happy See every other day it's like she throwin new shit at me A constant petty complain 'bout every single thang Hard to swagger maintain, shorty drivin me insane In the beginnin I'll admit it, if you said it I was on it And even if I felt you did me wrong girl I was copin I guess a nigga was hopin, thinkin 'bout elopin See I just call it focused, but some might call it open Yeah, it's like I'm compromisin everything I stood fo' I'm breakin rules that every nigga in the hood know One, weigh it yourself; two, never play yourself Three, it don't matter girl, I'll throw 'em out the window cause for you [Chorus: Avery Storm] I, I-I'll bend over backwards I'll, do anything you say I, I-I'm here for you baby Don't have to worry 'bout me A little bit goes a long way If I gave you one, would you want two? If I gave you two, would you want three? Yeah, they say a little bit goes a long way But if I gave you one, would you want two? If I gave you two, would you want three more? [Nelly] Somebody said relationships should be like 50/50 How come I feel I'm givin mine but not receivin any? Why must you make it so hard to play the part? I'll put you in the light but yet you leave me in the dark And every time I think we're movin forward you pull back And every time I think our train is straight you jump track "Oh who the fuck was that?" You always doin that Let me turn that shit on you and let me see how you react Oh yeah, it's like I'm compromisin everything I stood fo' I'm breakin rules that every nigga in the hood know One, weigh it yourself; two, never play yourself Three, it don't matter girl, I'll throw 'em out the window all for you [Avery Storm] If I gave an inch, would you want a foot? If I gave that foot, would you want a yard? If I gave that yard, would you want a mile? And if I gave that mile would you walk the town? I wanna give you everything you want I wanna be everything you need I'm right here for you baby girl Don't have to worry about meeeeeeeeee... {*harmonizing*} Artist: Nelly f/ Dirty Money, Murphy Lee Album: 5.0 (Deluxe Edition) Song: K.I.S.S. Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nelly] Uh-huh.. uhh, uhh, uhh, listen The way your Apple Bottom pokin out got me on a mission I wanna get you in every kind of position I don't wanna keep my cool baby, I can't keep my distance Girl I salute you, I'll be at attention I'm so into you, I just wanna be your lover On the floor, in the chair, under covers When I'm kissin you I can't think about another (think about another) Girl (think-a, think about another) turn the lights on [Chorus: Dirty Money] You're my pride and joy, you're my baby boy People ask me how I feel, 'bout you They ask me if I love you (baby, I want your love) And if I'm crazy 'bout ya (baby, I want your love) Kissin you is, all that I've been thinkin of Kissin you is, ooooh, ooooh Kissin you is, all that I've been thinkin of Kissin you is, ooooh, ooooh [Nelly] See I'ma kiss you, wan' go up to your body, shawty you will never Scorpio, girl I was built for pleasure I'll make your body start rainin, I change the weather Let it fall on me, I don't need no umbrella I get it - from the back (from the back) from the front (from the front) On your side lil' mama, now here it come Heyyyy, I just wanna be your loverrrrrr {yeahhhhhhh} Now sing it for me girl {*echoes*} [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Murphy Lee] Look, uhh, yo, check it, uhh I'm in a Lex' bubbly talkin to my text buddy Said I forgot about her thinkin 'bout my next money Not only that honey, kissin's what I think of You got the Wi-Fi, what's the code so we can link up Kitchen flo', kitchen table, fuck the whole sink up The best sprinkler, your back open like a pick-up The mess that you're makin we can blame it on the liquor If that's not enough then you can blame it on Murph' baby [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ City Spud, Sean Paul Album: 5.0 Song: Giving Her the Grind * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Sean Paul] Alongside Sean-a P., yup, ay She want, a real M.D., yo Shawty call me on the phone, call me on the line Tellin me that she not gon' let me go, she want me all the time I'm gonna be giving her the grind, giving her the grind I'm properly dealin with her body so that mine mine mine mine [Nelly] I just got a late text, stop and get the latex Practice on your safe sex world Plus shorty got a mean back, fiendin please believe that I mean it since I seen that girl Bowl-legged as she wanna, see them Apple Bottoms on her And I can only wait so long Text messages and E-mails, leavin little voicemails You should hear her on my phone Come ooooover - hey Come ooooover - uh, uh I'm doin a hundred miles an hour, shawty breakin the law Matter fact, hang up the phone open the do' Heyyy! [Chorus: Sean Paul] Cause she call me on the phone, call me on the line Tellin me that she not gon' let me go, she want me all the time I'm gonna be giving her the grind, giving her the grind I'm properly dealin with her body so that mine mine mine mine Call me on the phone, call me on the line Tellin me that she not gon' let me go, she want me all the time I'm gonna be giving her the grind, giving her the grind I'm properly dealin with her body so that mine mine mine mine [Sean Paul] It's S.P., the girls come over easy MC FRESH back, with the Ph.D., OBGYN Girl! What they don't know girl I'll give you to the end I'll be your friend, I know you're comin back again Now wit me girl so call me cut-cut-cut it up, operating on your body Baby you know that I got my routine, you my true queen Make love freaky girl, you know that I be here for love My knife well steam, my pan clean, girl oil me Sex with money, need a sexing machine Sean-a P. will be there 'pon the scene, open up ya spleen They come knockin and dey see the red light rockin They better remember that are operating [City Spud] Yeah, hey yo shawty call me late night, lookin for that late night Know I got that good dick, told me run them red lights Now a nigga speedin in that four-door Porsche hot She like "You got +Young Money+, come and make my +Bed-rock+" I'm like "Okay mama, long as you don't let the head stop" She like "Okay City, baby I'ma keep the head rock I know you the man baby, you don't let that bread stop" I'ma be your stage mama, you can be my head prop Told her spread her legs more, bangin on that headboard I'ma bang it harder mama, they gon' hear us next door Sippin on that freaky, Moscato Now I got all of her friends really wantin me, my donna{?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murphy Lee f/ Nelly, P. Diddy Album: Murphy's Law/Bad Boys II Soundtrack Song: Shake Ya Tailfeather Typed by: Buffmonkey50@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Atlanta Braves tomahawk chop] [Nelly] (P. Diddy) We do it for fun We just do it for fun Dirty E.A.T We do it for fun Bad Boy (Nelly, Diddy, Murphy Lee) We do it for fun (This is history baby) Bend them trucks We do it for fun (haha) Stack them bucks We do it for fun (Come on now) And the band played on (yea) Just like (I believe you cool to this) We do it for fun If you see me ma We do it for fun [P. Diddy] Bad Boys 2, the soundtrack Let's Go [Verse 1: Nelly] + (P. Diddy) Hey girl What your name is? Where you from? Turn around who you came with? Is that your ass or your momma have reindeer? I can't explain it but damn sure glad you came here I'm still a sucker for cornrolls, you know I never changed that (nah uh) Your body is banging mamma, but where your brains at? (Come on) I'm still the same cat when I was young I was running with bad boys But now I'm older hope they saw I'm running with bad boys (that's right) Here come another man Unlike no other man Candy coated whoa! Switching in every lane Ya'll help me Why don't cha Please help me A thug is we then it's only two G I like the cocky bow legged ones Like white and Dominicans Hispanics and Asians Shake it for Nelly son Manolos Ma-no-no's I can't tell Everybody and their hootchies When you do it do it well {*Braves tomahawk chop done in background of Chorus*} [Nelly] Let me see you take it off [P. D.] Girl go and take it off [Nelly] We can even do it slow [P. D.] We can even do it slow [Nelly] Take it where you want to go [P. D.] Take it where you want to go [Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor [P. D.] Pop something move something Shake ya tail feather, girl go and take it low [Nelly] We can even do it slow [P. D.] We can even do it slow [Nelly] Take it where you want to go [P. D.] Take it where you want to go [Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor [P. D.] Pop something move something Shake ya tail feather [Verse 2: P. Diddy] + (Nelly) Now real girls get down on the floor (on the floor) Get that money honey act like you know (like you know) Mama I like how you dance The way you fit in them pants (Uh) Enter the floor (Uh) take it low (Uh) girl do it again (Uh) You know I love that (I love that) Now where them girls at? (Where the girls at?) It's Diddy, Murphy Lee, and Nelly how you love that? (Shit uh ohhhhhh) Come on, we got another one player From New York to the Dirty how they loving it player? Baby you impressive let's get To know each other You the best of the best and You got to love it in the dresses, the sexiest I had to tell her she's a young Janet Jackson live in living color Look here momma you're dead wrong for having them pants on Capri's cut low so when you shake it I see you're thong My pocket's full of dough shake your feathers till the morning It's Bad Boy and Nelly man somebody better warn them [Bridge: Nelly] Oh no I heard them bad boys coming Can't stop now Got to continue my running (yea) Because we go party till them lights come on And then my song start thumping because my mike still on [Verse 3: Murphy Lee] + (Nelly) Yo, I'm the big booty type I like them thick with their mind right (Awe) Banging personality conversate when the time right (Naw) I'm not hard I've got women to handle that They be like he the man when I'm really a Thundercat Come on you know the tics connect like Voltron Collect so much grass popo thinking we mow lawns My gohans don't match that But it matches her head wrap and the seats that I got in the lap I'm just a juvenile (Wha) Because I be about G's Keep your women wizzy man they say they have my babies I'm young like Tucker like the cash and the money (I'm going to eat my money) Man, I'm that damn hungry See I'm starving like Marvin girl I've got sixteen bars of fire is what I'm starting Plus my rats come in packs like Sammy and Dean Martin And I got so many keys you'd think I was valet parking [Bridge: Nelly] Oh no I heard them bad boys coming Can't stop now Got to continue my running (yea) Because we go party till them lights come on And then my song start thumping because my mic still on (man) [Outro: Atlanta Braves tomahawk chop] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali f/ St. Lunatics Album: Bad Company Soundtrack Song: Breathe In, Breathe Out Typed by: dALuNaTiC06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Ali] Yo, yo, yo, yo Breathe in (breathe in) breathe out (breathe out) Do the chickenhead go on let it out Breathe out (breathe out) Breathe in (breathe in) Put ya back in and let ya knees bend Breathe in (breathe in) breathe out (breathe out) Do the monastery go on let it out Breathe out (breathe out) Breathe in (breathe in) Put ya back out and let ya knees bend [Verse: Ali] Somebody move, nobody get hurt This is official, man, only dance flo' experts And party animals and me being a rhyme cannibal Flamable Hannibal while it's bangin' it's understandable Now back to somebody movin' nobody get hurt My intentions on this one is the party wet his shirt Now go to work and do the chicken (buh kah) Do the chicken, and once you do it's stickin' Believe me dirty it's kickin' through the door Throwback Vokal velour Matchin' Diadonas, fresh off tour, head to the floor Take it round, round, chickenhead breakin' it down Created by my town the monastery is found Or the Casino like Reno, I'm that nigga can see low Crowd movin' all black, white, la-latino There will be no extra space to waste Pick up the pace, see your heart rate And if you start to hyperventilate  [Verse: Ali] Right now, I hope you wit me I'm a Wizard like Chris Whitney When doin' it law breakin' the people gon' come get me First, ladies put ya drink by ya purse Fellas tuck in ya shirt and put in belt buckle words Sayin', ladies get ya dip right and ya hip right Fellas ya betta find that and get behind that Third, you can do it, shaken or stirred Show up per word and flap like a bird Fo, do it some mo', five, make sure it's live Six, ladies and fellas here we go now, SWING! Seven, laid back like you lookin' for heaven Let ya body preach like we in church and need a reverend Eight, if you made it this far, dirty you straight If not, you better practice and get it fo' it's too late Nine, is this the time to prepare for the dime? Ten - start all over again! [Verse: Nelly] Yo, who got that, that fire? That fire, I can't lie-uh I need that, that fire Cause' nothin' else will do (ooh ooh) Pass me that, that fire  That fire, I can't lie-uh I'm gon' off, that fire Cause' nothin' else will do (ooh ooh) [Ali] It's got that party feel, 'Cris and Bakardi appeal Fo' real nobody killin', I would, like a naughty will Like 'Pac say, I got mine, gotta get yours Take it lower than ya did before, control the floor You can be county or city, ugly or pretty No chest the tig ol' bitties, all ages five to fifty Now breathe in, breathe out If ya got it goin' then show me what you about The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: St. Lunatics Album: Bait Soundtrack Song: Icey Typed by: senior_guy00@hotmail.com (Nelly) I got a whole heard of cows ta die for my 6' Hockey players pagin' me to practice on my wrist 20 inch Aqua treads so my whip don't slip Pullin' up bringin joy (Joi) like my nigga Big Gipp If I go on a rampage then watch my mo' flip Draw from both hips, emptyin' both clips Got a whole lotta niggas wanna ride wit' me Now that a niggas so hot, can strike fire from me Thinkin' Nelly 'posed to take 'em outta poverty But when I tell 'em no, they think of robbin' me Son ain't no stoppin' me, some are home at Iceland Hang with penguins, like that's my reason (that's my reason) Like Earth, Wind and Fire, my parts that's freezin Last time you seen Nelly, snowin' in June You ever had a bicoastal orgy happen off in yo' room But what happen's in Cancun, stay's in Cancun [Chorus-2x](Nelly) Icey that, icey this Icey neck, icey wrist Icey cris, I see miss Icey 6 tha sea six Icey fits on five, icey tips (Keyuan) I live the nice way, I store my jewels in an ice-tray How you want it, the man or the mice way? Take two of the karats, call me in the mornin have an ice-day I stay in more leather than Andrew Dice Clay You might say I'm arrogant, just because I ain't sharin' it If the check ain't seven digits, I'm tearin' it If the 'Tics can't fit in my whip, then I ain't steerin' it Bombed Antartica, now a nigga wearin' it Catch me on my set wit' an iced out chain An iced out rapper wit' a iced out name A cold hand shake because of my pinky rang Iced-out Cartier's with a iced-out frame Catch me in an iced-out Range wit' icey dames Puffin', bling-bling, while she do tha damn thang I'm spendin' half my changes on clockin' thangs And I got a icey game like hockey man (Ali) I gave knowledge to scientists who brains was locked They didn't know that Iceland was just my jewelry box And then the South Pole, that's when I used to slang O's And moved to keys and bought diamonds outta control My poppa, Snow Man, momma, Eskimo So many rats that I need pest control Would cop from Jacob, but I don't know where he at So 'till I found that cat I guess I'll roll wit' Zach And puff sacks in the hydraulic-dancin' cars Gotta a caulus on my hand for poppin' Branson jaws Bitches be prancin' hard cuz they know we maintain With enough ice to freeze rain in a woodgrain Range Dual exaust playa, I keep some soft It's da gloss-boss, the floss-frost across the Randy Moss Until we meet again, y'all keep on servin' 'em out Nicky Sach, AKA, George Durban, what? [Chorus-2x] (Murphy Lee) Young dude 'bout to do this like a veteran Long shorts, tall Timberland's Flossin' in my icey Vokal, Varsity letterman Icey headband to hold my baby-dreads in That's what it is and what it's betta been Cuz when I get cold I freeze, when I'm hot, I'm water On ice at all times, hittin' hockey player's daughters I'm like Ralph and the Honeymooners (Why I oughta!) Put ice on the S-T-L and my role model for startas I'm like icey as frozen foods with frostbit friends Who all like 'em thin with icey rear-ends, nine outta ten get hit Seven outta nine givin' icey head in the icey whip School boy keep a icey fit for icey mits Who like icey that and icey this Smoke a icey spliff gettin' icey lit By these Pizza Hut delivery chicks who love tips (City Spud) Aiyyo, I'm icey when you say Lunatics gon' ride Love when ya call me to make yo C.D. hot Niggas mad sayin, "How you go from bottom to top?" Juan B behind me when I do T.V. slots Now I'm at the bar floatin' from the icey jaw Know who we are when I pull up in tha icey car I ice the chain cuz niggas got twice the change I ice the ring and niggas go to sortin' the game So if I'm hot, I'm hot, if you not, you not And if I'm clockin' dough, let me tick and tock And if love ready to rock, yo I'm hot to trot Courtney B. ready to rock, I'm hot to trot Yellow Mack ready to rock, I'm hot to trot Cuda Love say I'm hot then I'm buyin' a yacht And a drop to shock these niggas who jock D's Think he might shock Eve, like the icey watchee Put these on six e's, if I want it I get it I do it for publise so honeys'll love this, ugh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: The Champ (S) * Song: The Champ Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * also used promotionally for ESPN's bowl coverage [Nelly] Ever since I was a kid I've been dreamin 'bout this First day of practice I was thinkin 'bout this Picture on the news, yeah they see 'bout this Even in the paper they gon' read 'bout this Cause all of my life, trainin day and night I'm preparin to fight, for everyone that believed in me Crowds goin insane, yeah they screamin our name While we sprayin champagne, nothin nobody can say Cause today, is the day Is the day that I have always dreamed of And forever When you call me, you call me the champ of the world, I can raise my hands I can scream I'm the best in the world Whole world All my blood sweat and grind was all for this time [Nelly] Lap after lap and mile after mile Push up after push up everybody count it out Everybody up and now we back down All my pain and sweat was for this moment right now All from different places well we came with each other We came together as a team but we leavin as brothers Standing next to one another while we hold up our colors I'ma look into the camera tell my momma I love her [Chorus] - 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Pimp C (UGK), Sean P (Youngbloodz) Album: Cut it Out 12" Song: Cut it Out * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * originally slated for "Brass Knuckles" [Intro: Sean P] (P-I) Yeah, ay, whassup c-c-cuz? It's goin down, Eastside, yeah Ya boy Sean P, Nelly, Pimp C, ay [Pimp C] My paint too wet bitch, never claim a set bitch Blue and red make green, just cash the check bitch Went to the store a lot, bought me a vanguish{?} Never trick my money in the club with a skank bitch Big shrimp on my plate, look like dolphins (dolphins) Pushin cookies in the soft ones I can do better by myself, not bad (bad) Girl ate the whole thing if she call me Chad (Chad) The records ain't sellin up there, they mad (mad) Rappin like us gotta hit but you a fag I'm a young country nigga, uncut like snow (snow) Make them young girls get down on the flo' (flo') Make them young niggaz put candy on the 'Llac You got clouds in them diamonds, take that monkey shit back Cause I'm smokin out, throwin up, keep that lean off in my cup Smokin out, throwin up, keep that heat off in our truck [Chorus: Nelly, Pimp C, Sean P] When I hit the parkin lot, and the fifth wheel drop You know damn well (you don't wanna see me, all eyes on me!) When I'm fresh from the jeweler and it's sunny outside You know damn well (you don't wanna see me, all eyes on me!) When I'm creased up, J'd up, E's and my K's up You know damn well (you don't wanna see me, all eyes on me!) From all them niggaz that's trill to them niggaz unreal You know damn well (you don't wanna see me) uh-uh So quit it mayne (lil' boy) cut it out (look here) Quit it mayne (lil' boy) cut it out (look here) Quit it mayne (lil' boy) cut it out (now go 'head) Now watch my fingers (lil' boy) cut it out (hold up!) [Nelly] I ain't choose yo' chick, yo' chick chose me I ain't gotta pick one, I'ma take all these For every hundred you got, I'ma peel off three Hey, don't worry 'bout it lil' boy, that bill on me Eight years now, you can call me a vet That money you grossin, call that a fourth of my neck We don't call paint shiny, we call paint wet A Darryl Strawberry colored Coupe, call that a Met Got a few rides already, got a few more to cop Got a blue one that's hard, got a black one that dropped Got a Buick that's green, the same color my snot Lil' daddy you ain't the shit, you might as well get off the pot That's some new St. Louis shit, yeah that's funny But I'ma stick with the old, the new don't make enough money So when I'm on (wipe me down) when they dirty (wipe 'em down) You think I showed my ass befo', sit front row (and watch me now) Cause my grandmomma hate it, but my lil' mama love it Said my grandmomma hate it, but my lil' mama love it [Sean P] 28 inches sittin tall, it's ridiculous With a slum yellow bitch cause that's the type I kick it with Ride with a stupid pack, and a couple stupid cats They call us the Goon Squad, so you know we stupid strapped Shuttin down the parkin lot, we doin the moonwalk I ain't stuntin ass hoe, cause I'm tryin to pillow talk I be where that work at, where niggaz get murked at Earth is spread, then we mounted up and drop the purp' back Can't you tell I'm hood rich? You ain't from my hood bitch? Don't you see the leather seats? The way we grip the wood pimp? Goin hard on 'em (goin hard on 'em) rocks shined on 'em (rocks shined on 'em) Bust up out a hood, this is our grind money If we pop the bands on 'em (pop a band) throwin grands on 'em (throwin grands) Nelly grab the wheel and make the Chevy dance on 'em I'm a block star (block star) ain't a phony nigga (nah never) A phone call'll have them youngsters all on ya nigga [Nelly] So don't start no shit, won't be no shit! Don't start no shit, won't be no shit, boy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Jung Tru, King Jacob Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Errtime Typed by: marriedtothegame@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Jazze Pha] Ladies and gentlemen, ladies-and-gentlemen This is a Jazze Phizzle, producshizzle [Hook: Nelly] You see, errtime the beat go (beat go), I need you to shake that thang girl Yeah, errtime the beat go (woah, woah, woah, woah) You see errtime the beat go (beat go), I need you to break that thang girl You see errtime the beat go (woah woah woah woah) Won't ya, break it down, break it down for me Don't run out of gas girl Break it down, break it down for me Don't run out of gas girl [Verse 1: Nelly] See his hat cocked, can't see his eyes, who could it be? With the blue STL on, who that but me? Who else behind the tints of the new GT? The continental all blue got them feeling real blue Till they stomachs stick too, for real, they grossed out 19's I come, 22's poke out Just to see when they roll out, I'm killing the folks now His money just +Chingy+, my money it fold out Man, this happened Vegas, and they hit me for a mil' worth How many rappers man can tell you what a mil' worth All my life damn worrying bout a meals worth [Hook] [Verse 2: Jung Tru] Deafer than Jermaine, you can say that I'm So-so Player Taylor Made, that's a no no Sure it a Aftermath, but I ain't a doctor Squad full of B.G.'s, city full of them choppers Way more game than the kid in the G-unit Cracks by the gram an hour, that's a G-unit Like Ciara when I'm kicking them +Goodies+ Cause I'm Jazze like Pha with a tank in the hoody I'm like... [Verse 3: King Jacob] Yeah, better make your mind up Ain't see her by now, you ain't go find her She looks good, but she looks finer like (woah *4X*) Yeah, King Jakob you ain't gotta know me But you soon will, cause you gotta know me Got that type to make your mama OD Like (woah *4X*) [Hook] [Verse 4: Nelly] Okay, now let me see you do it baby Don't be, afraid go now Don't be, ashamed of how you do it just (Woah *4X*) See I'm tired of playing games With niggaz with money names For real, money you lame I put you money to shame This ain't cynical This ain't subliminal I'm physical, financial, and mental to be a general Why, lil mama case you want a (Soldier!) Not the type that's in a tank but in a (Rover!) Yeah man you at the game ordering refreshments (where you at?) I'm on the floor watching my investments Buttoned up some call it grown up look I like to call it having money that fold up look That Don Perignon, Cristal cold up look Got her (woah woah woah woah) [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Fly Away Typed by: short_pimp_05@yahoo.com [Nelly Talking] Free City This is a shout out to every young brother ya know Thats doin his thing right now Keep ya head up.. He's walkin the yard wishin he had wings Ya know so he could fly up out that joint Man [Intro] If I could, fly away Ooo and I wouldn't come back no more I, I'd turn around Just to see you for the last time See, now I know Hey, that it won't be easy I done fought in a battle, and I done made it this far I gotta few more feet, but its still the longest yard [Verse 1] Man, it's the longest yard I ever had to get in my life And see my life ain't right, if my wife don't write My niggaz cant eat if the fish don't bite My raise the gross sales, like Mike and Ike Now big brother almighty I keep a gamma ray, i'ma G-5 G Take a G-5 jeep, G-5 deep Too some of their bare feet And that jeep don't speak Listen mayne they lock it down round herre See body bag and gag and your found round herre This as serious as it sound round herre The guards guard the ground, 4 pounds round herre And they ain't playin, they're just lettin you know That anything they want to happen, nigga happen real slow Get the word from upstairs, put you in that hole I cant take it, I'm just ready to go If I could, fly away Ooo and I wouldn't come back no more I, I'd turn around Just to see you for the last time See, now I know Hey, that it won't be easy I done fought in a battle, and I done made it this far I gotta few more feet, but its still the longest yard Yeah yeah, its still the longest yard Uh uh, its still the longest yard Um um, its still the longest yard I done fought in a battle and I done made it this far [Verse 2] I'm in my cell 20 hours a day And doin push-ups ever hour a day Cause im tryin to keep the cowards away Thats why im markin off the calendar days Tryin to get it out of the way And im just tryin to keep a piece of mine And im gon shame a motherfucker with a piece of mine Cause he tryin to take a piece of mine So im gon slice his ass a piece at a time But now that they close the door Lock me in and cell 30 deep but its built for 10 Tell me what kind of world they got you in With the barbed wire fences, box u in From now, til they turn off the lights I'ma read anything in sight Its kinda hard tryin to read at night But I'ma change my life And hope another brother take this flight [Verse 3] (Oohh no) I gotta make it out this place some how (Oohh no) Man I really believe that I done turned it around (Oohh no) You see, all I need is that second chance to show since I crossed the ration, my obligation of rehabilitation (Oohh no) They can punch me high, and they can kick me low (Oohh no) But I mean its gonna take more than that for them to break my soul (Oohh no) Man its hard for people to understand what its like to be gated, incarcerated, I just cant take it but I'ma make it man to see better days [Hook] If I could fly away If I could I turn around If I could fly away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: W.C. f/ Nelly Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Whip Yo Ass Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whip sounds*} Ha ha! [W.C.] It's been a minute that I've been sittin up in this cell Thinkin of many ways that I can get paid escapin jail My life is like a football game, I'm movin the chains Tryin to score so I could maneuver the Range I hear police callin my name, I ball in no lane Tryin to hit the wall, make the ghetto hall of fame It's third and long, got a lot of yards to gain I'm federal, youse a misdemeanor, you small change It's that, S-W-A-N-G affiliate From the penitentiary to the club, love I'm sendin it Turn me out and throw it up and get your boogie on And let me see those fingers in the sky if you feelin it I'm sick, and ain't no curin me, maximum security can't stop my back bumper draggin through your community Process me, lock me down, level me hard kid I still come out swingin like Ron Artest, nigga {*whip sounds*} Ha ha! [Chorus: Nelly] Is it the concrete, or the walls Maybe it's the bars, might be the guards Nigga this is LOCKDOWN - lock 'em down, lock 'em down This is LOCKDOWN - lock 'em down, lock 'em down Is it the concrete, or the walls Maybe it's the bars, might be the guards Nigga this is LOCKDOWN - I'm 'bout to whip yo' ass mayne {*whip sounds*} Ha ha! [W.C.] Nigga the bang bang get up Skip skippin through the lane, swang, look at Dub Swangin, still feelin 'em all, I can't wait to get out When I touch-down nia I'ma turn shit out Looka there, biddy-by-by, buh-by-by beddy-bye nigga Lights out, Dub and Nelly 'bout to shut the lights off C-walkin on the industry, spittin with all my energy Dedicated to my niggaz in the penitentiary Ladies bounce to this, sip Cris', get drunk to this Refs walks to this, dawgs thump to this On my mind is my fetti, itchin for the day that I can parole and jack the nose on a Chevy Three-wheel to the St. Lou' and connect with Nelly Jump in the Escalade on them deuce-four Pirellis, nigga Money is freedom and freedom is cash And anything between me and my freedom I'll whup an ass {*whip sounds*} Ha ha! [W.C.] Yeah, Dub stay chuckin the pavement, I'm anti-general populated Hood related, the industry most hated Cause I ball greedy and rhyme for mine (c'mon) I'm willin to die for mine (c'mon) While haters hate from the sideline I'm like Fabolous, I make you "Breathe" hard, leavin ya bleedin and scarred PC'd up on the sensitive knee guard Dub Central ain't no surrender, spit for repetitive offenders Facin D.A.'s with public defenders nigga {*whip sounds*} Ha ha! Artist: Nelly f/ Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Album: M.O. Song: Get Like Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pharrell] All y'all niggaz wanna get like me Surrounded by bitches that look like these You know it, you know it You know it, you know it (tell 'em again) All my niggaz be blowin on trees Hands so sick so they throwin them ki's You know it, you know it You know it, you know it [Nelly] Now say all y'all niggaz wanna get like me All y'all niggaz wanna get like me Now who wanna shake, don't look and see And then count the bitches nigga 1-2-3 I said and if you feel like somethin else there Then tell her that you down for somethin else, yeah And if she say cause as far as it goes Don't worry, she's straight like a actress nose You can ball and ball, do it wall to wall Just sayin that you can't do it small is all If you can floss Rolex over Audemar On the arm and I'm out-shining all of y'all Can you feel it? Hey, hey Do you want more? Hey, hey 'Til your back's sore? Hey, hey So let's go, let's go [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, I'm the shiz-niyee You should follow my example, bitch, I.E. Cause I'm front row, Isaac Mizrahi In the truck but I ain't suck diz-niyee A-a-all these hoes wanna get like me G-g-get they own speakers and some pose like me W-w-when I'm at the game, all the pros like me B-b-bitch I'm a pro, ain't a hoe like me Bitches ain't stuntin in the cold like me Some call me +Bitchie+ so Necole like me Pull up in the Ghost, East Coast like me My nigga spend money like the coke price free Uh... bon voyage Nicki M. Baby, Buns Minaj Back of the 'bach slumpty, Humpty Dumpty On the back of the bike, these stunts be comfy [Pharrell] Uh... you wrong Why you dance solo to this song? Where your boyfriend at? He gone? Is that a napkin you put your number on? Look... you so wrong Drop down shorty, get your eagle on Tell yo' boyfriend you stayin with Simone Matter fact, put your number in my phone [Nelly] I'm a - fly nigga tatted up with a fade Yeah I was rockin waves when them niggaz had braids It was - Air Force 1's then I took 'em all to J's Now they wanna play (DUMB) like they from the (Bay!) I was - tourin overseas, 250 e'ry day Just came back in the middle of the May It was - in the Maybach with this chick named May Wanna know if she can do me, shawty yes you may! See the whole rap game, sounded like me Put that on the drums and it sound like P Shorty say she horny, sound like E So she wanna bring her partner, okay that sound like three Fresh off the yacht, feet in the sand Walked in the club, meetin demand Got a whip on the lot 'bout 400 grand Go around my nigga, push me close to hand Cause [Pharrell] Uh... {*echoes*} Artist: Nelly Album: M.O. Song: Hey Porsche Typed by: AZ Lyrics Hey my Porsche, I wanna try ya Crazy baby girl, there ain't nothing like you Hey little Porsche, so right I had to get ya B-b-back it up, let's roll, roll, roll Girl where'd you go? You sexy thing, you turn me on, I need a private show, here on the lawn, in my garage I think you on a row, hey Porsche girl I think you know what I wanna do Come on let me slide under so I can work on, work on you [Pre-Chorus] I wanna take your top off, celebrate this champagne pop-off Yeah, we could turn the clocks off No rush, baby we could just park somewhere I don't need nobody's permission No keys, push start to ignition, say In the Porsche, I wanna try ya Crazy baby girl, there ain't nothing like you Hey little Porsche, so right I had to get ya B-b-back it up, let's roll, roll, roll, roll Na-na-na-na-na-na Hey Porsche I want you Na-na-na-na-na-na Hey Porsche Na-na-na-na-na-na I, I want you Girl you know, Damn I've been dreaming about the day you let me take you home Just for a week and maybe more Just say it, say I've never seen an ass like that You gon' make a nigga crash like that Since I seen you in the window, knew what I was in for Spending every rack on that [Pre-Chorus] I wanna take your top off, celebrate this champagne pop-off Yeah, we could turn the clocks off No rush, baby we could just park somewhere I don't need (I don't need) nobody's permission No keys, push start to ignition, say In the Porsche, I wanna try ya Crazy baby girl, there ain't nothing like you In the Porsche, so right I had to get ya B-b-back it up, let's roll, roll, roll, roll La-la-la-la-la-la Hey Porsche I want you Na-na-na-na-na-na Hey Porsche Na-na-na-na-na-na I, I want you I wanna see how fast you can go See how you handle as I'm losing control As I make you turn away Hey, let me turn up your sun T-t-turn it up and now here we go In the Porsche, I wanna try ya Crazy baby girl, there ain't nothing like you Hey little Porsche, so right I had to get ya B-b-back it up, let's roll, roll, roll, roll Na-na-na-na-na-na Hey Porsche I want you Na-na-na-na-na-na Hey Porsche Na-na-na-na-na-na I, I want you Artist: Nelly f/ Chris Brown Album: M.O. Song: Marry Go Round Typed by: AZ Lyrics She takes over the ring, every time she come around Just call her Ali by the way she knock 'em down Or maybe LB cause that ass weight a pound I'mma stand like a boss, watch merry go round Watch merry go round Go, round, go, round, go, round, go, round Go, round, go, round, go, round Watch merry go round Go, round, go, round, go, round, go, round Go, round, go, round, go, round Watch merry go round She got that firecracker, fire flame Merry got that ice cream All I wanna do is lick her clean Throw her on a table, take over by that label Show her why they call my moses And show her my king is able Give it to ya, how you want it, ms merry to let you know If he don't get it how you want it, ms merry just let him go I hang it out in California, we want the one on one Been in a perfect corner, where merry and I go get it Get it in feel, be in the last, I'm throwing down with ms merry in the back I think she get it from her momma's momma Laughing till my body over, she told lay glitter on her I'mma need somebody over She takes over the ring, every time she come around Just call her Ali by the way she knock 'em down Or maybe LB cause that ass weight a pound I'mma stand like a boss, watch merry go round Watch merry go round Go, round, go, round, go, round, go, round Go, round, go, round, go, round Watch merry go round Go, round, go, round, go, round, go, round Go, round, ,go, round, go, round Watch merry go round She merry be po-poppin' it And I'll just be wa-watching it Till we get to the crib, and then I hu-hump on top of it She might be the bomb, no way she tick-tocking it But must you blow this whistle, merry ain't gon be don't stopping it The blue corner, yeah, that's her And in the red corner, yeah, that's her I can see her bouncing in a skirt So come here, ms merry go to work So po-po-pop it this merry back Put that other dress in black We gon turn it on your back, but I'mma need a piece of that She get it from her momma's momma Laughing till my body over, she told lay glitter on her I'mma need somebody over She takes over the ring, every time she come around Just call her Ali by the way she knock 'em down Or maybe LB cause that ass weight a pound I'mma stand like a boss, watch merry go round Watch merry go round Go, round, go, round, go, round, go, round Go, round, go, round, go, round Watch merry go round Go, round, go, round, go, round, go, round Go, round, ,go, round, go, round Watch merry go round Do ya thing babe Do ya thing babe Do ya thing babe Go do ya thing, go do ya thing babe Drop it down yeah Do ya thing babe She takes over the ring, every time she come around Just call her Ali by the way she knock 'em down Or maybe LB cause that ass weight a pound I'mma stand like a boss, watch merry go round Watch merry go round The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly ALbum: NBA Street Vol. 2 Solg: Not in My House Typed by: tha_dub_b_izee@hotmail.com [Intro] St. Louis! {echo} Stomp stomp stomp stomp {repeated} This house belongs to who Not in my house You might catch me on the road But not in my house It won't happen oh no (oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no) Not in my house (check me out) You might catch me on the road But not in my house It won't happen oh no (oh no, oh no, oh no, oh no) [Verse 1] Check it, check it Now we've come along way ay (hear me out) And I know you wanna go some more oh The only thing keeping you from completin your mission derrty Is makin it past my door See I'd hate to be the bearer of bad news But I simply gotta tell ya I refuse to lose To continue how you wanna disrespect intended But it ain't goin down hell nah derrty [Verse 2] Check it, check it I dropped my mug in the dirt done, you done crossed this line Me losin tonight, ain't even cross my mind This my house, and I'm a defend it crush you if need be Leaving you as an example for other teams to see Then it be, 2 strikes, 2 outs, no lights Fourth down, fourth quarter, lookin at a baby order Fourth period, minute left, down ten, hold ya breath Pick and roll, back door, game over, told ya so Not in my house {4x} Artist: All-Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, www.whats-going-on.org [P. Diddy] What's Going On [Jermaine Dupri] Tell Me [P. Diddy] People Dying People Crying Lord help us [Bono] Mother, mother There's too many of you crying [Gwen Stefani] Oh, brother, brother, brother There's far too many of you dying [Jermaine Dupri] That's Right [Aaron Lewis] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Nona Gaye] Oh my father, father We don't need to escalate [Nick - Backstreet Boys] You see war is not the answer [Nona Gaye/Backstreet Boys] For only love can conquer hate [Christina Aguilera] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Britney Spears] Barricades, can't block our way [Destiny's Child] Don't punish me with brutality [Britney Spears] Talk to me [Destiny's Child] So you can see [Destiny's Child/Britney Spears: First Chorus] Oh what's going on What's going on Yeah what's going on Ahh what's going on [Ja Rule] What's going on in a world filled with pain Where's the love for which we pray What's going on When our children can't play Homeless can't eat There's got to be a better way What's going on When we politically blind Can't see the signs of endangered times What's going on [Nelly Furtado] Ah tell me What's going on in the world today I'd rather be dead Than turn my head away We gotta first world vision to complete, to lift our Hands in the air and cry for a switch [Michael Stipe] Father, father [P. Diddy] Father help us, come on [Michael Stipe] Everybody thinks we're wrong [Alicia Keys] Oh, but who are they to judge us Together we can all be strong [P. Diddy] United we stand, United we fall [J.C. - N'Sync] Oh you know we've got to find a way [Mary J. Blige] To bring some understanding here today [Justin - N'Sync] Barricades can't block our way Don't punish me with brutality Baby talk to me So you can see [Second chorus] Yeah, what's going on Hey, what's going on Somebody tell me what's going on Somebody tell me what's goin' on-uh [Nelly] What's going on 'cross seas Every minute a child dies by this disease In record numbers indeed Got momma's crying out please My baby hold on My child ain't done nothing wrong Still I want to holler Ask them why they don't bother Oh no, oh no Make me turn to my father And ask him why they all got a trapped soul [Nas] I can feel what was bothering Marvin Why his words forever remain Dealing with these modern day problems 'Cause of ignorance surrounding me and my constituents Too many infected Too many lives diminishing Nobody say Protestants, Jews, Blacks, and Whites, Latinos and Asians Pray together Let's fight We better unite As genocide chemical war And the rich and the poor Know that God delivers a cure [Eve] It's a shame our reality is devastating People praying for a cure Dying while they're waiting Ask the Lord for the comfort and strength to face it All the kids with dreams Won't get the chance to chase it Makes me sad Think about the lives they would've had Think about the orphan babies got no moms and dads How can we sit back and not try to make it right We gotta come together We gotta fight for life [Fred Durst] Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) We got human beings using humans for a bomb But everybody wanna live Don't nobody really want to die You feeling me right I can't be watching people die And watching people cry Let me break it down for a minute If there's enough room here for you and for me There's plenty of room for some humanity Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Artist: All-Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On (J. Dupri RnB Remix) Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com, www.whats-going-on.org [P. Diddy] What's Going On [Jermaine Dupri] Tell Me P Diddy (Jermaine Dupri): People Dying (Yeah) People Crying (Uh-huh) Lord help us (C'mon) [Bono] Mother, mother There's too many of you crying [Gwen Stefani] Oh, brother, brother, brother There's far too many of you dying [Jermaine Dupri] That's Right [Aaron Lewis] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Nona Gaye] Oh my father, father We don't need to escalate [Backstreet Boys] You see war is not the answer [Nona Gaye/Backstreet Boys] For only love can conquer hate [Christina Aguilera] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Britney Spears] Barricades, can't block our way [J-Lo] Don't punish me with brutality [Destiny's Child] Talk to me So you can see [Destiny's Child/Britney Spears] (First Chorus) Oh what's going on What's going on Yeah what's going on Ahh what's going on [Ja Rule] What's going on in a world filled with pain Where's the love for which we pray What's going on When our children can't play Homeless can't eat There's got to be a better way What's going on When we politically blind Can't see the signs of endangered times What's going on [Nelly Furtado] Ah ah tell me What's goin' on in the world today. I'd rather be dead than to turn my head away We got this first world vision too Comfy to lift up our hands in the air And cry for a switch [Michael Stipe] Father, father [P. Diddy] Father help us, come on [Michael Stipe] Everybody thinks we're wrong [Alicia Keys] Oh, but who are they to judge us Together we can all be strong [P. Diddy] United we stand, Divided we fall [N'Sync] Oh you know we've got to find a way [Mary J. Blige] To bring some understanding here today [N'Sync] Barricades can't block our way [Darren Hayes] Don't punish me with brutality [N'Sync] Baby talk to me So you can see (Second chorus) Yeah, what's going on Hey, what's going on Somebody tell me what's going on I'll tell you what's goin' on-uh [Nelly] What's going on 'cross seas Every minute a child dies by this disease In record numbers indeed Got momma's crying out please My baby hold on My child ain't done nothing wrong Still I want to holler Ask them why they don't bother Oh no, oh no Make me turn to my father And ask him why they all got a trapped soul [Nas] I can feel what was bothering Marvin Why his words forever remain Dealing with these modern day problems 'Cause of ignorance surrounding me and my constituents Too many infected Too many lives diminishing Nobody say Protestants, Jews, Blacks, and Whites, Latinos and Asians Pray together Less fight We better unite As genocide chemical war And the rich and the poor Know that God delivers a cure [Eve] It's a shame our reality is devastating People praying for a cure Dying while they're waiting Ask the Lord for the comfort and strength to face it All the kids with dreams Won't get the chance to chase it Makes me sad Think about the lives they would've had Think about the orphan babies got no moms and dads How can we sit back and not try to make it right We gotta come together We gotta fight for life [Lil' Kim] Uh uh uh uh See I come from the streets A world with racism and poverty It's hard to make peace Little girl with big dreams You don't have to settle We gone get out the ghetto We fight but still things ain't right Too many dying Lord knows I keep trying You don't know the pain I feel I miss you B.I.G. Let's find a cure for A.I.D.S Oh Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly Album: XXX Soundtrack Song: Stick Out Ya Wrist Typed by: tha_dub_b_izee@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Nelly] Uh, uh-oh Uh, uh uh uh, ay uh uh Uh uh uh, c-mon Hey Mister Stick out ya wrist, how many in this Stick out ya chest, are those baguettes I need to see how deep them pockets get Let me see if all that shit you talkin really legit [Verse 1] 15 miles an hour, maybe so You can make it straight from your seat to your front door You can get a glimpse of the one that they call mo' Mr. low-pro, fans peepin like der he go Two lane now, put yo bite on me Y'all done waited too long, I got a tax ID Right ID, proper registration never thought I'd see Full coverage on my feet Hold up, slow it down and let me think about it Froze up, erraything that you can see around me My neck, wrist, arm, the whole nine I done took you best shot, now dirty you hold mine Got cats goin to jail, tryin to do what I do I got cats goin through hell, when the thang come through 2-0-2, light grey blue Stiched in the carpet, you know who-ooh [Chorus - Girl] [Nelly] Ok, now let me see ya do it baby Don't be afraid go now Don't be ashamed of how ya do it baby Just go ahead and make yo mama proud [Verse 2] Jack Frost, fuck it! what is cost Who the boss, flossin is applesauce Dirty 3rd grade, bought milk on thursday Now I buy Escalades on birthdays Lex and Merced eez on deez E's off these, n-u-t's I cough and sneeze, for frost bit sleeves It's not just me, but really my family You want the run down, keep it poppin to sun down Dirty come now, I'm a show you who run the town Your baby daddy is most hated, can't listen to my song When he at home, irrated when the video on I'm makin ones with them niggas see my ass in the club Puffin the bud, and spendin a hundred for every dub What he got in his hand, I'm at it again But I really can't stand, a lunatic plan - work it [Nelly] Ok, now let me see ya do it baby Don't be afraid go now Don't be ashamed of how ya do it baby Just go ahead and make yo mama proud [Verse 3] You can call me what you want, but call me a come up Before you run up, make sure your funds up (why) I'm gonna buy some shit out of herr you ain't never seen But probly wrist bands, mo denim starched jeans Diablo boots with the posher string I'll take a cream-a-team shirt with the bentley sleeves Four-door swoosh, made by nike Drop-top jumpan suit by mike e Got to like my playa, I'm in it for the dough I'm in it for show, matter fact I'm in it to blow When I wake up in the mornin, I'll be in it some mo Garunteed anytime, dial 3-1-4 Do any escargo, gotta S car the go 0 to 60 dirty in four point 0 Second ranking niggas every where dat I go I got the same, gotta have it, gotta have it for show [Chorus-x2] [Nelly-x2] Ok, now let me see ya do it baby Don't be afraid go now Don't be ashamed of how ya do it baby Just go ahead and make yo mama proud The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali f/ St. Lunatics Album: Heavy Starch Song: Collection Plate Typed by: nelly_repin_stl@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Nelly) Hey! What it look like out therr Deacon? (Ali) It's packed right, it's packed (Nelly) It's packed? (Ali) You gonna hit dis right herre? (Nelly) Yeah let me hit da brother (Ali) Aw, Reverand (Nelly) That's what I'm talkin bout Is saw a few ballas come in earlier, they still herre? (Ali) Yeah, that's jury, that's jury alright! Look at erybody, Rev (Nelly) I need these funds Shit! Someone cue the Goddamn choir boy (Murphy Lee)(Hook) Don't eat sodium nitrate on my sodium glutamen (Ali) This is Dynamite Deacon Do-bad Comin live from the church of Angels Dey Ain't Starrin' Hustlin' Reverand Sufferin' Mighta turn out funds We got Past Da Blunt Around And we got dat Goddamn choir boy But right now the Reverand gon' come and explain to you da bind of funds and happenin' (Nelly)(Hook 2) Messin up my Rev (Nelly) Yes yes Deacon Todays funds are being raised for a worthy cause (worth-worth-worthy cause) Its to help little Ikey Jr., he 5 friends short of his quarter bird And we can not allow dat in the church of Angels Dey Ain't So werr herre to help no doubt brotha (Ali) Hold, hold hold on Reverand, hold on Reverand (Nelly) Sorr', I'm being interrupted (Ali) We need to pause for a second, pause for the choir (Nelly) For the Choir? (Ali) For the choir, for the choir Reverand (Nelly) For the choir, let the choir sing Mmmmmmaaaaaaaa (Nelly)(Chorus) Hey, before I start my sermon today Well, shit, I mean, I mean, I mean you know I'd like to take dis time and pass around( pass around my brother) The Collection Plate (That muthafucka)My favorite part of the session, bro( I'm wit ya brother) remember brothers and sisters.....REMEMBAAAAAAA!!!!!!!! DIG DEEP!!! (Murphy Lee)(Hook) Don't eat sodium nitrate on my sodium glutamen (Ali) Ay yo, please 'llow me to confuse da shit out all y'all for a minute(ha ha) Now, had ya listenin' to You really listenin' to the Lord listenin' cause the Lord got ya listenin' wit yo' listenin' Cause you listenin to the Lord so hard So you listenin' righta (Nelly) What the fuck did he say? (Nelly)(Hook 2) (Nelly) As I dust off my powder blue Gators As I call mister c-walikin my crooked ass down the hall I noticed dat we passed the Collection Plate around one time And we seem to be a little short But we not gon' dwell on dat, we gon' take time out to listen to da choir Let da choir sing...... (Nelly)(Chorus) (Murphy Lee)(Hook) (Ali) Allow me to come back and confuse the shit out yal some mo' Now how you feelin' right now? You ain't really feelin' The Lord feelin' it You feelin' it cause the Lord,the Lord say you feelin' it So you feelin' it (Nelly) Shut the fuck up (Nelly)(Hook 2) (Nelly) And allow me, Husstlin' Reverand Sufferin' To introduce you to the brotha whose wanna turn our funds tonight Pass The Blunt Around a.k.a Tresure a lil' stuff a lil' Treasure, how the hell we lookin dirrty? (Kyjuan) Well, considerin our 85% Rev(oh fo sho') Brotha Ikey is still a lil short(oh shit) It's fine, we still got time (Nelly) We still got time (Ali) Brothas Let us bow our head for the choir (Nelly) Let the choir sing (Nelly)(Chorus) (Ali) It was a great show y'all (yes) We gotta go (yes brotha) Before we go, we gotta, pay homage to our woderful band (wonderful band) You gotta give up for, Hell Raiser!!!!!! (Nelly) Hell Raiser, ha ha yes yes (Ali and Nelly---talks faintly in the back) (Nelly)(Hook 2) (Murphy Lee)(Hook)x3 (Nelly) What the fuck is goin' on? Someone choke the Goddamn choir boy Choir boy, shut the fuck up (Nelly and Ali----talk faintly in the back) (Nelly) I forgot what the hell I was gon' say (Nelly)(Hook 2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali f/ St. Lunatics Album: Heavy Starch Song: Cool as Hell Typed by: Myztik2153@aol.com (Chorus 2x) (Murphy Lee) Ay yo we hard-hittin always been cool as hell (Ali) I got them trees in my mirror so my car won't smell (Kyjuan) Sittin round the house gettin blowed watchin the tube (Nelly) Er-errything in my garage got on shoes (Murphy Lee) Ay yo I'm Murphy Lee the Beny Whipper  I got the one wit the deez on it  Only reason I got it cuz he didn't want it 5'9" fresh off the sideline with high rise First Polo shine off the cover like a high time (Ali) It's like I wake up an' it's pourin' Ladies was on us like Sean John Rims, Timbs, and them Slims with the green I don't chill I mantain, sip the pain struggle bottle  Chiefin', You know gettin head from a model  (Kyjuan) I'm only gon' do what Kyjuan gon' do Let's paint the Cutty blue '72 lookin brand new on 20 inch shoes 7 inch greens big jeans I'm chiefin the green Feelin like +Andre and Big Boi+ +So Fresh, So clean+ (Nelly) I tell ya we gon make it happen while you look to the sky  It's the N-E-smoke to-L's dont ask me-Y 4-42 on the lyin don't pass me by Paint like onions make a grown man cry (Chorus 2x) (Murphy Lee) Ay yo my money like a Black Man March  Jeans Baggy and Starched Vokal Sweater matchin the leather In my third car not braggin  I'm just workin and saggin and laughin  That you haters that said it couldn't happen It's goin down-down, shit's official like referees It consits of Labade with more Bills than Bellamy  You tellin me you're cooler than me cooler than me  Dirty Murphy Lee negative a hundred degrees (Ali) Foot on the Prowler you bail Most of my heros don't appear on no stem They came on the hemp and tryna put a clamp on this rap game  Baby girl where you goin whats happenin You hop game picture perfect platinum frame 2 seater black seniorita face and flame I'm in the G-shop khaki shorts, K-swiss College Boy, in the winter rock courdordary (Kyjuan) Interior so cocaine white I get popped from fiends Three Fosgate 12's never pull up quiet like Mr. Bean Know what I mean, Tic's on the team, post it up like Kareem And got to put my hand on my chin to floss my rings Ain't no K-weezy, has to cock like ada-beezy, spin be easy Oogin oh, holdin it down believe me It's feezy's of the heezy, We be in somebody's basement beats by Jason And Gran call me Chris and Jason (Nelly) You see that '88 SS Monte Carlo Power locks and doors got to watch the road Got a hundred forty four spoke down in the block hoes Down the top goes I live a cost and pose Cocked and 4 doors keep me costin hoes Costin shows in my pockets costs is swole Leavin Mosac in the club and in the hospital Obstacles, jumpin over like starter fo gold You know we... (Chorus 2x) (Murphy Lee) It's like a movie especially when I move the E-S  Three-twenty with the espio ki's Young Dude doin 90 and sported by police We bread paint leather ravioli (Ali) Banana Republic the public gon love it Still it downloadin and dubbin boo leggin is rugged Wag it and dirty I'm with my dirty in the Bentley  Allah sent me to save souls don't tempt me I'm simply... (Cool as hell) (Kyjuan) On the playstation got the room smellin amazin What we blaze in purple haze taste and time wastin Take cats out the hood, I take em' on a vacation City to city, wake up with somethin pretty wit tig ol' bitties (Nelly) That nigga named Nel be cold as hell  Straight out the muthafuckin' STL Chronic smoke inhale then exhale Donuts an fishtails in the black CL Cuz we... (Chorus 2x) (Nelly) WOOOOO! Er-errything in my garage got on shoes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali f/ Nelly, Kyjuan, Murphy Lee Album: Heavy Starch Song: No Typed by: bryanbailey14@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yo, All the fans we love yall we gon make one fo the haters like fuck that (Ali) Old School 9-8 and you see the Camilion below in the celing wood with wheel on With a flyin bitch some old gangsta shit Flat screen dvds smoking stank and shit Aint dat shit Sunday bull tank and shit Top down air forces white tank and shit Aint nothing soft on boy stop thankin it I got a trophy at the playa ball banquet This bank I get Style we all that to the back we all that to the back Red or blue new wall cap Pause that bull shit you talking bout Before the people start walkin out If you please we succeed regardless Shine the hardest and I'll sign an artist Longevity like the BeeGee's Please be awarre we don't carre Do you like us? (Chorus) No, no, I know y'all ain't say no uh oh be back in a minute wit dat chrome 4-4  and when I get back everybody gone hit the flo flo cause I just asked him was the Tics tight and I think he just said No, no, I know y'all ain't say no uh oh be back in a minute wit dat chrome 4-4 and when I get back everybody gone hit the flo flo cause I just asked him was the Tics tight and I think he just said no (Murphy Lee) 1993 creation for steps of born leezys Wrote rhymes in class, bored by teachers Church only on easter, ignore the preacher Do the grown up at school right unda the bleachers A wild little bity doin lunatic rules To this day they be like "Lunatic Rules" I'm hangin wit the dudes that done it, don't even stunt it You cats stay in the back doin too much frontin See you hatas like to take risk sonofabitch I really disc jockeys at home jockin my disc I'm gon pretend yall aint heard that shit School boy 5'9 receive the hairlines and halfway rich I'm gon run niggas out of town Naw fuck yall hatas I'm gon chill til they run out of crown Royal, Blue Jack right at the door Ay yo I'm Murphy Lee can I park my car here? (Chorus) (Kyjuan) Swervin excursion limited fo 12's Fo amps don't know what my limit is Ive been packin 22's like Emmitt did I've been po before +No+ what a +Limit+ is New engine new paint aint them d's spinnin Love rims, love Lakers, who I love winnin, love women Spinnin grindin since the beggin no mo limits Drom tops cuttys on 4's No love fo hoes Change them like clothes Hit em like switches then I pass them on We all know dats how the game should go We all know most of us love the same hoes Like Carla the preachers daughter fucked wit the barber Over there on the utha side of College Encarta For starters I know both yall smash I didn't get no ass so I had to ask She said... (Chorus) (Nelly) I'm feelin frost bit oh shit is he in town? Check the paper weather say temperature goin down Yep that's him he come to make his rounds Tell him how it feel ten mill skin found Beta not continue I can show you how Frank Mill aww he done flood it wit rounds Don't know what to call me I can think of some nouns Mr. Hoe Hopper, Trick Knocker, Free City My g's getting depp like P. Diddy I'm feelin like B round looking for my Whitney Heel I'd take a Cidney if the stash is right Cocked fo legged and her pants is tight It aint got to be fo eva it can be fo tonight First class flight to Nellyville So how it feel doin sit ups on the virgin rug Drinkin criss out a mug, Part boughee, Part Thug, call me Bug Ok? (Chorus) Uh Oh North side one time let me herre ya.... Uh Oh South side one time let me herre ya.... Uh Oh East side on time let me herre ya.... Uh Oh West side on time let me herre ya.... Uh Oh That's why man yo breath smell like shit If yo momma breath smelled like that nigga she libel to kill some motherfucker Man if yo momma's eyebrows look the way yo's do it look like a caterpillar layin on her fo'head Nigga yo momma snort anthrax and she still mobbin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali f/ Kyjuan, Murphy Lee, Nelly Album: Heavy Starch Song: Wiggle Wiggle Typed by: HockeyRef007@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Nelly] Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle do your thug thizzle we'll make it  Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle do your thug thizzle we'll make it Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle do your thug thizzle we'll make it Oh, baby girl like to shake a lot, wiggle wiggle do your thug thizzle we'll make it [Verse 1: Kyjuan] I really hate to see her leave but I love to see her walk off Imagine what her *oooo* looks like with her clothes off I'm rolling with the top off, see tops come off When the streetlights go off I heard shots go off I'm a humble show-off I'll be beating when I roll off Pumping Jill Scott number seven in front of the seven-eleven Grab some magnum protection gonna be some sexin' Wrap some hemp and L's its gonna be a session She stressing the fact that we gotta stay at the best western I ain't cheap and that's on everything  Put her pants to her knees don't take off everything I pay for her chains staying near her cain's  Sipping on her cane I'm forgetting everything My name Kyjuan, yeah Kyjuan left none Boy she wouldn't have been with me if you wouldn't have left her I left her sexed her stressed her and left her [Verse 2: Murphy Lee] My sex steno cus I'm taxing it I smack it a little Stir it up like mother fuckin coffee then back to the middle Lift over some pounds some way my hitters nod away  You damn near caught a Charlie-horse to make your dick stay in the hole Oh we fuckin now pumping like all my pow Ass up face down I'm going to town Round and round here I go pumping for nothing Cus she wiggle and wiggle and wiggle just know when I'm coming I'm like *Ohhhh* I can't take it no more Move it one more time and watch my knees buckle She tip drip type quit to get her dirty, hype, and aroused Always see her nipples through her blouse *Owwww*  Watch it wiggle just like the Harlem dance Look at all that ass in those *itty-bitty* pants Damn, hey Ms. Parker I make that ass come on down like Bob Barker [Verse 3: Nelly] Baby girl shake it like a paraplegic please believe it (Wooo) Knees bent, and back arched just how I need it Call her "Billie Jean," I like the "Thriller" before I "Beat It" Conceded when she shake it but I like it like that Throw it at me even harder just to see me react See if it's wack, in fact see what Nelly about I thought that ass was a fluke until I went to her house You see mama got ass too, her sister Keesha and Sue Her cousins, aunts and nieces start walking in by two Like who's trying to keep they composure now I'm feeling it can't nobody hold me down Nobody told me how crazy groupies and coochies can get In the back side under the stage trying to hit And I'm like "Baby girl I ain't that kind of guy" Let me at least let me go get a condom I ain't trying to die I might be high but I'm not that damn high! [Verse 4: Ali] Oh lord my dick hard call the nurse (why?) It's getting worse fat asses I gotta flirt It was me Mo and Murph, Kyjuan was with his earth Playing pussy it hurt, smoking, passing the smirks Popping bottle after bottle I'm like "Here we go again" Posting it up in the club thinking "Is he got a win" My chrome shoes went from Barry to Larry Hughes Emmitt's 22's now its Jordan's I cruise But anyway Fo Sho I'm from the show me let me show you To drunk and out of town trying to kiss you like I know you In the middle of the dance floor caught the man's attention Wiggle Wiggle do your thug's hydraulic suspension Did I mention long Ohhh, "What the fuck is going on?" Your body banging ma' I got to take you home Cool lets break, to the house on the lake Man this is great I'm dealing with high stakes [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali & Gipp Album: Kinfolk Song: Hard N Da Paint Typed by: jpeffer12@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Boy] This a Nitti beat! [Chorus: Ali & Gipp (Nelly)] When I pull up in the club I'm goin hard in the paint (I'm goin) hard in the paint (I'm goin) hard in the paint and when I step up in the 'morn I'm goin hard in the paint (I'm goin) hard in the paint (I'm goin) hard in the paint and when I creep up out the club they say that's not right (ya see they say) that's not right (ya see they say) that's not right and when I leave up out the 'morn they say that's not right (ya see they say) that's not right (ya see they say) that's not right [Hook: Nelly (girl)] I betcha bikes ain't louda than mine (tell 'em daddy) I betcha rims ain't higher than mine (tell 'em daddy) I betcha pockets ain't fatter than mine (tell 'em daddy) I betcha chick ain't as bad as mine (kill 'em daddy) (Verse 1: Gipp) Shorty Scripe Young Scripe Even Gipp got 4 krispy kreme in the paint chrome on the toes Stoufers out the AC, 4-5 Doors and I never leave the club less it's 4-5...(That's right) Money hungry hustlers real-estate investers Get the fuckin friend like he'll never be a customer Dougy fresh clean on the scene chokin' Irene We don't do relationships we'd rather have a Plain my jeans and my shoes worth more than your green 40-thousand in the car keep 'em closer at hand Watch the stone in my ear make the hoes go "Dang!" and the women love me cuz they know who I am [Hook] [Verse 2: Nelly (Jermaine Dupri)] I'm gettin high in my damned DeVille Creepin' slow on up that hill Get to the top to stun 'em J We ride 'em down to Smash Hill look at ma now this the deal while I go deep like Navy Seals Then I like to Dissapurre Like I'm David Copperfield Man, Please, I'm 1 of the realist in rap! Thats right if I could I'd go broke When I'm 1 of 5 stats If you didn't well now you know just Cock it back and let it Go My muscle cars is so strong The liscense say "BOWCO" Ya get it? my liscense plate reads, "BOWCO" (Damn! His liscense plate Read BOWCO) Home-town rider St. louis Resider Dig in my Backyard you might just find a geyser Garage look like priza Motors I aint Jokin' Check my Chick she smokin' she sick with it from St. Louis to Oakland [Hook] [Verse 3: Ali] It's not a game but I'ma still play in the streets Ball hard 'till I fall seven days of the week On monday I'ma get up and turn down the mall Chick with some dantley Puffy booty look small On Tuesday I'ma Fall throught Paul's Shop Drop 100 putin' shoes on Armor drop Wednesday I'ma go to the Jewelry sstore Thursday it's back to the Jewelry store once more Friday I'ma G-4 to the westcoast Hook up with an essay Come back with the best Smokes Saturday I like to down Sunday I coupe to the City with my 4-15 for B-B-B- beatin' at Nitti [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ali & Gipp f/ Nelly, Pimp C Album: Kinfolk Song: Hood Typed by: tyger0726@yahoo.com You can catch me in the hood smokin' good, posted on the lot Got a pocket full of money cuz im fresh off the block The hood smokin' good, posted on the lot Got a pocket full of money cuz im fresh off the block [Verse 1: Gipp] Yea we sippin, dippin, tippin, elbow swangin out the window Swimming pool up in the roof, I got the suede up in the ceiling '88 dope man, not purple rain-rocks, having thangs, diamond chains Doin it till my money came Southside, Westside, Eastside, Northside, on them wires, on the blades Ery'body smokin' haze Cadillac, Chevy, Escalade, and them Hummer trucks We burnin rubber, runnin lights, we don't give a fuck We on that laffy taffy, yall niggas be smokin, babby We custom fitted from our sneakers to our clothes daddy We keep them hoes lookin, starin, gawkin', talkin 'bout us We got them peoples and feds, yea they talk about us About the way we talk, about the way we dress How 'bout them diamond grills? How 'bout they lookin' fresh?  I'm always smokin' good, I'm posted on the lot A pocket full of money, I'm fresh up off the block [Verse 2: Pimp C] So many brand-new niggas, we don't know who to trust A bunch of pussy-ass rappers tryin' to sound like us Sweet Jones is a pimp I got bitches on track Send a hoe out on a mission, tell 'em break 'em, bring it back Got a house in Hawaii, 'bout to, 'bout to buy a Rolls Nigga think we just 'bout rapping bitch but dope is getting sold I'm a young, hot street flame, deep up in the d-game Smokin' dro, slammin' Cadillac doors, red paint switchin' lane-to-lane I aint came to lose bitch, I done paid my dues bitch Got fifteen years off in this muthafuckin' rap shit Seen alotta niggas come, seen alotta niggas go I seen some niggas blow, I seen some turn to hoes Candy cars, candy doors, I got yellow hoes that play wit' they nose If ya like, she blow in ya butt Eat ya dick and then lick ya nuts If I wasn't rappin baby, I'd still be drivin' this shit Makin hoes hide this dick, UGK we live in this bitch Swisha sweets is a must  Mixin' purple wit the tux We call it banana split Choose a pimp hoe, I'm the dick I got Bobby 'bout a pound, nigga Whitney 'bout a key DJ Screw about a gallon, bitch the game belong to me [Verse 3: Ali] In '72, a player born in his boots Every line is the Gospel, cuz every word is the truth Some may call me the realest, this from the heart you can feel it Project baby cuz my family from the Car-Swerve Village And moved the Northside city wit this downtown witty That influenced, project grew 'n' then now '88 gritty Twelve years old smokin' squares, and by thirteen smokin' water By fourteen I was a busy boy in somebody daughter Rockin' them black Stacy Adams and that fresh gold hat Im sellin' weed a year later, whoa, here come the crack I'm sellin' 50's and bopper's the cluckers say I got good And wit the crack came the gangs, and that divided the hood And then the war jumped off, some niggas didn't make it a summer The other niggas locked up, doin rides, receivin' numbers I changed my life wit the quickest, fuh' real and layed down the D I aint sellin no mo' but you can still catch me in the hood [Verse 4: Nelly] I'm from the middle of the map where the river run deep Up I-55 where them niggas run D Got a pocket full of stones along wit Bun B, Pimp C, ??? Luv didn't have it, I could get it from Three Papi didn't have it, I could get it from E Niggas need dank, you can call on me Hell I come through, it don't matter if you on that Southside, Westside, Eastside, Northside Used to open up my trunk like there it is, let ya pick which one ya need to get loose I beat that block like bad kids, yea you might wanna call that block abuse Dirty then? Made Derrty now, some of yall might know, but don't blurt it out You know how shit travel, word of mouth, have them kick-in boys all in my house Knockin' down my glass door, tryin' to rip up my marble floor But aint nothin that for that ass though you know See that's throwback like Dukey Rope Candy painted, hundred spokes, baking soda, watch it grow Gangsta, gangsta? Neva that, but I keep that thang like 'Where he at?' Aint no rubber band big enough to hold these stacks I wrap my money in Reynolds Wrap Slangin' ery'thing I get my hands on From the white to the green, to the 1-I phones And I even sold dick to a chick named Simone Artist: B.o.B f/ Nelly Album: Strange Clouds Song: MJ Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus One] Let 'em hate, cause I'm straight I be ballin on these niggaz all day, all day They gon' have to call a nigga MJ, MJ I been ballin on these niggaz all day, all day [B.o.B] Yo, I'm - hotter than a sauna, hotter than a summer Throwin shit down, call me California Kush is my cologne, yeah you know the aroma I make the whole club open like a soda I got hella haters, haters on my boner cause I'm ballin on these niggaz, quota after quota Nowadays everybody got somethingto say like a fuckin interviewer on the phoner But where the girls with a good head on your shoulder? When I'm on campus, show me your diploma Good brains, good student Go crazy, go stupid It's me, Eastside bachelor Kicked back kush'd out to the maximum Fly like a traveler High like a passenger On purp, and on lavender So I laugh as I pass you up When you running down the sideline Niggaz on the bench tryin to grab at ya, HA~! [Chorus Two] And you know don't even know what I got And you don't even know when this dropped And you don't even know what I'm about You know, you know, you know it won't stop [Nelly] You talkin money than you callin my name You talkin 'bout flippin money than you talkin my game You talk about gettin money than we talkin the same You talk about small money than you talkin the lame I'm with that, so mellow, whole 'nother level I'ma tell her to get in the trunk, heavy metal "5.0" your bag is little Guess who's back? Uh-uh no riddle Two bad bitches, guess who in the middle? 315 yup, guess whose eatin vittles? Used to eatin +Kibbles+ but the +Bits+ won't get it If it don't come fully equipped then don't get it The seats ain't leather my man then don't sit it If you ain't got no rubbers on hand then don't hit it Here what I tell ya man? Don't play with it Nope, nope - don't play with it, ahh~! I collect money like child support I gotta get it cause I gotta pay child support cause my baby momma think I'm at the slot machine I like soccer moms, I'm on the +sock-her+ team From the block to the boardroom We can do it in the streets or in the courtroom I put a hoop in the house, that's a court room Now a nigga shootin jumpers from the fourth room [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [B.o.B] Drinks on us, freaks on dick, haters on hush All eyes on us, everything you see the S-U-V's pull up Down like that whenever we creep up Now we slide to the back but w stay linked up Why the hell they hatin on us? I'm livin my dreams, don't wake me up Ballin so long it's boring Ballin so long I'm yawning Haulin so long that I gotta let the flow cool off cause my feet just scorchin Anybody tryin to get up on my level that'll have to be yo' misfortune And ye ain't never seen this whip, you like? "Can anybody tell me where the door is?" I will never ever ever have a shortage Eighteen damn months been tourin And I don't ever see my house, my couch and my bedroom set seems foreign But I always knew there'd be bitterness These niggaz speak fluent, gibberish Life can be ridiculous So I ball like this on these hypocrites [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Nelly Album: Tonight 12" Song: Tonight Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Pharrell in background] [Intro - Nelly] (Mariah Carey) HO!! To the floor (Neptunes) Everybody to the floor! OH! (PW: c'mon!) (heyy!) WOO!! To the floor (MC) Everybody to the floor (Nelly) C'mon!! [Verse - Mariah Carey] (Nelly) Baby! I don't wanna let you think I'm.. (I'd like to try ya, I think ya so on fire) Easy! (WOO!) Like them other girls that you may see (I can't deny it, I keep trying to fight it) [Pre-Chorus - Mariah Carey] (Nelly) I just wanna make sure that You really want me just for me Cause it's not just that I'm so impressed By all your cars and your jewelry And you know, like I know feel that chemistry (You know I feel it just the same as you) (So won't ya bring that down to me, aye!) [Chorus - Mariah Carey & (Nelly)] Whatever happens! (Whatever happens!) It's going down tonight! (Said it's all going down tonight) I said it's all going down tonight (I bet it all go down tonight, OH! so get ready!) Cause you and me got business We gon handle it tonight (tonight?) tonight (Tonight?) Tonight (tonight?) tonight (tonight?) tonight [Nelly] To the floor! Everybody to the floor! c'mon! [Verse - Nelly] (Mariah Carey) Shorty! I would never think that you were.. (I'd like to try ya, I think ya so on fire) Easy! Girl I just think you're so outstanding (I can't deny it, keep trying to fight it) [Pre-Chorus - Mariah Carey] (Nelly) I'm free and I just wanna make sure that You really want me just for me Because it's not just that I'm so impressed By all your cars and your jewelry And you know, like I know feel that chemistry (You know I feel it just the same as you) (So won't ya bring that down to me, aye!) [Nelly] To the floor! Everybody to the floor! To the floor! Everybody to the floor! c'mon! [Bridge - Mariah Carey] (Nelly) The time is right for you and I It's going down tonight!! (OH!) [Chorus - repeat 2x] [Outro - Mariah Carey] (repeat to fade) It's going down tonight! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Nelly Album: All or Nothing Song: Get it Poppin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Fat Joe] Crack! Yeah, Scott Storch y'all Dirty, Crack! C'mon [Chorus One: Nelly] It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) I said it's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) [Fat Joe] I got that plat no limit American Express card Mami you can get whatever you like Plus I got that all-black Phantom it's tinted on four sides Go 'head kiss it, they can't see us inside Mami tell me do you like - it, I know you like - it It's written all over your face don't fight - it You like - it, more than I like - it So put it all over your face don't bite - it From rags to riches, club packed with bitches Had to bag them digits, her head game was vicious (muah) And we can get it poppin in the bathroom Don't be selfish ma, go ahead and pass it to him Then we can all fuck It's like a million on my neck, got all of these bitches all struck Aowww! We pissy drunk off of Seraphim I'm up in V.I.P. and these bitches are screamin let me in [Nelly] Uh, uh, uh, uh [Chorus Two: Nelly] It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) It's two up in the mornin now, and I'm tryin to go home wit'chu Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) [Fat Joe] Ha ha, yeah, uhh, yo, uh Get it poppin, go 'head and drop it It's written all over your face, don't stop it Just drop it, more like it's hot miss Kick in the do' with the fo-fo messin with Joe Now this chick got an ass so fat in fact I put a drink on it and I came right back She would never talk to a lame like that In my ear screamin how you got a name like Crack Crack - similar to Mike Jones Hear my name enough, then I'm takin you home Aowwwwww! You know I walk with I talk with I sleep with the chrome, one squeeze and you're gone What I look like, not takin at least three to six women out the club with me Now we back to the fuck pad, call it the fuck pad Cause all these bitches fuckin with me, talk to 'em dirty [Nelly] Uh, uh, uh, uh [Chorus Three: Nelly, Fat Joe] It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Well it's two up in the mornin and, them niggaz try'n hate on your crew Nigga what'chu gon' do? (I'ma get get get it poppin) Yeah what'chu gon' do? (I'ma get get get it poppin) [Fat Joe] Now when them doors swing open with that awkward motion What'chu call it - suicide, it's a suicide And if them niggaz talk shit cause they drunk off that potion They commitin - suicide, it's a suicide Let's get it poppin my niggaz (Cook, yo) I got a shotty my niggaz (oh, Lord) I feel sorry for your mudda, give a fuck what you say Spin your head back, promote you on a videotape [Chorus Four: Nelly] It's two up in the mornin girl, and the DJ playin that song Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) Now what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) It's four up in the mornin now, and I'm tryin to go home wit'chu Girl what'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) What'chu gon' do? (Gonna get get get it poppin) C'mon [Fat Joe] Yeah, it's Crack! (What'chu gon' do) Cafe {?}, all my people in there partyin All the party people across the world Ladies, "Things of that Nature" Aowwww! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Freeway f/ Nelly Album: Philadelphia Freeway Song: On My Own Typed by: city2thug2002@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Um uh um uh here we go now (Hook) Repeat It's because I'm all on my own, now You can leave him out hear alone, now Ya'll need to really watch ya'll tone Now you see the chrome Im a blast it for ya I'm a blast it for ya (Verse 1) It's Freeway all by myself I'm in da place all on my own In da club wit the chrome While ya'll nigga's gotta leave it at home Ya'll haters better leave it alone Before you meet wit ya DEATH Back up off me Put ya keys in the ig-nition Start the rolling gap, scrap, befoere I calp Bang out like a western Found out where you live at Pay ya spot a visit Listen Free to frosty, back up off me Before you get bury Carry the mover Extra rounds to get the clowns up of me Ya'll act scary, You act like losers, check, check State Prop in ya neighborhood Roc in ya spot, spot roc when you let us in Free got things locked in ya neighborhood Roc's on ya block, Free servin they medicine (Hook) Repeat (Verse 2) Roof less like a shot from a cannon Free is in affect and will stayin datein Yall, baby momas should have warned you	 Cause they seen it on the bed when she came over the crib Now they don't really wanna get the k involed Cause we are gonna put this thang to ya head The whole click pull chicks don't brag	 Tell em freeway sad if it ain't bout head Go head, you think its bout change go change Put on ya shit(uh-huh), hop in a cab (yeah) Meanwhile free stuck in a lab Earning my grip, youngin's huggin' the strip Freeway move rhymes like dimes move hits like nicks On ya mind like all the time On ya station like heavy rotation Used to be on my grind like on the line (Hook) Repeat (Verse 3) Bee Bop at the Roc we don't stop Boom Boom Tang my gang we move thangs And I put up the Range, the hoopty flow through ya block Ice cover my watch ya eyes stuck on the change What you thought its the Roc Wit my people from St. Lou Jack Frost, Jack Frost Up in the bang-o, the wrist froze Grip O's Roc-a-Fella pitbull snatch every bitch on ya block Yall prick need to back up off me Keep ya distance, cause my smithin on seveice Whats ya order slugs on the menu Shut the shop down on purpose, work this Four-fifth like I'm runin' for prez I peel lead have you runin' from shots Go tell ya block ya block start wit the kid Kid kidnap ya pops (Hook) Repeat Shit back up off me Keep ya distance, cause my smithin on seveice Whats ya order slugs on the menu Shut the shop down on purpose, work this Back up off me Keep ya distance, cause my smithin on seveice Whats ya order slugs on the menu Shut the shop down on purpose, work this ho (Repeat till fade) Ho, and another one ho and another one ho and another one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Whitney Houston f/ Nelly Album: One of Those Days 12" Song: One of Those Days (Remix) Typed by: Mark101583@yahoo.com [Whitney Houston] + (Nelly) Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah (Whoooo) Come on (Oh, Ohhhh) Come on (You Know that boy right there little dirty) Ohh Ohh (It's the World's famous, Mrs. Whitney Houston) (Nelly) If you rolling with Nelly, with me get your hands up And if you like the simple things, get your hands up I ain't bout no trial tribulation And if you wanna go and take a vacation Whitney!!!! [Whitney Houston] + (Nelly adlibs) Kick off my shoes and relax my feet (Relax your feet) Hit the kitchen and grab a bite to eat (Go head girl) It's been one of those crazy weeks (Ugh, Ugh) And I gotta do something special for me (Just for you ma) Hit the salon, get a mani and a pedi (Ugh, Ugh) Have a massage, get a sip and then I'm ready (Whoooo) Got to take time out (Nah, Nah, Nah) And all my real ladies know what I'm talking about Sing!!!! Ooooooh baby, baby (Yeah) You don't know what I been going through (They don't know what you been going through babygirl) Sing again now Ooooooh baby, baby (You need to let them know) It's obvious to see (ugh, Ugh, Ugh) Exactly what I need (Chorus) If you an independent lady, get your hands up You wanna buy your own Mercedes, get your hands up If you rolling with Nelly, with me get your hands up If you like the simple things, get your hands up If you an independent lady, get your hands up You wanna buy your own Mercedes, get your hands up If you rolling with Nelly, with me get your hands up And if you like the simple things get your hands up Verse Two!!!! [Whitney Houston] + (Nelly adlibs) Tonight it's all about me (Whoooo) Just wanna set my body free (Set it free girl) Never mind the T.V. (Cut the music) Tonight I'm gonna let a little T.V. watch me (Come on) Light the candles, aromas at my feet (Ohh) Hot tub bubbles, surround me (Who you got back there?) Mr. Bigg is in the background (ground, ground) The Isley Brothers gonna hold it down Sing!!!! Ooooooh baby, baby (Come on) You don't know what I been going through (Houston we got a problem) Sing it for me now Ooooooh baby, baby (Come on) It's obvious to see Exactly what I mean (She back ladies and gentlemen) Chorus (Nelly) Come on, hush ma You ain't gotta plead your case I understood you from the jump You said you needed your space Take whatever time needed To give you a peace of mind Cause when yback rub home I'm gonna give you a piece of mine A backrub in the tub Play in the suds A simple walk around the park And let you feed the doves You my tender "Roni", tell the homies "No Dibs" Cause "Every Little Step" you take is "My Prerogative" Call your girls take an early day off Go do the manies and the pedies, whatever to stay soft Cause today, you the boss And I'm footing the cost And whoever else don't like it They crooked, just stay lost (One of those, One of those days) Chorus [Nelly talking] + (Whitney Houston singing) Mrs. Whitney Houston (Oh Yeah) That's right ladies and gentlemen I said Mrs. Whitney Houston, ohh (Oh yeah, Oh yeah) It's your dirty I ain't doing nothing I'm in the background right now I said Houston, we got a problem, hey I said Houston, we got a problem, hey If you an independent lady, get your hands up You wanna buy your own Mercedes, get your hands up If you rolling with Nelly, with me get your hands up And if you like the simple things, get your hands up I ain't bout no trial tribulation And if you wanna go and take a vacation, hey I'm out baby girl Tell lil' Bobby Christina I said what's up alright The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Janet Jackson f/ Nelly Album: Call on Me (CD Single) / 20 Years Old (1st Single) Song: Call on Me Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Nelly](Janet){JD} Yeah, yeah, yeah, huh, huh, huh Cmon, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Sing it for me (Uh-hu, uh-hu) Yeah, OH, yeah (uh-hu, uh-hu, uh-hu) Everybody come on (Uh-hu, uh-hu) Yeah, yeah, yah {Yall know what this is} Let's go I don't know, if I ever felt like this before But I'm sure, that the way I feel I don't want it to go Cause I cried my share of tears And I sang my share of blues But to keep you over here, I'll do what I got to do So baby 1-  [Janet](Nelly) Call on me, whether day or night I'll never leave (See you don't have to be alone) (I'll come anywhere you want) (Baby just pick up the phone and call on me) You ain't know, I wanna be homie, love girl (See there it go, see there it go mama) [Nelly] See I, I never met a girl that could break me down It's like I get caught in the middle I get caught up a little anytime she's around I be posted waitin on stand-by Lookin' to catch a hint and I Doin whatever whenever never forget I Said I'd be here when you want to Get what you need if you Wanna recieve oh please believe you could Repeat 1 [Janet] Call on me, when you need someone who cares Say the words and I'll be there I can meet you anywhere Call on me, anytime that you please Babe whatever you want, babe whatever you need Because you're the one I love baby just Repeat 1 [Nelly] It don't matter where you go I'll come anywhere you want me to [Janet] It don't matter near or far It's like anything you say I'll do And it don't matter where you go I'll come anywhere you want me to And it don't matter near or far It's like anything you say I'll do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jagged Edge f/ Nelly Album: Jagged Little Thrill/Where the Party At 12" Song: Where the Party At Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (JD talking) C'mon, c'mon, yeah, c'mon, yeah (Nelly) Uh ooooooooooooh (uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooooh (uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooooh (uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooooh (Jagged Edge) The party's where you're at tonight Don't be trippin when you see us in the club Just show a little love, represent your side like me 'Cause 'round here if you slick you pick a hot one Ride shotgun, couple of 'em got one Belvedere in the rear of the club Pulled up on dubs and we 'bout to go and buy the bar up So So, for sure we ain't playin Hang with no lames, hit the park and sayin... (Hook - Jagged Edge) Ay, where the party at? Girls is on the way, where the Bacardi at? Models and models, talkin all a that Know I can't forget about my thugs (Where the party at?) And all my girls (Where the party at?) Off in the club (Where the party at?) If the party's where you're at let me hear you say Uh ooooooooooooh (uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooooh (uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooooh (uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooooh If the party's where you're at just let me know All the girls in the club in they best outfits Just showin that skin, tryna' make a nigga wanna spit Where you been girl? You and your friend Need to come to the back where we got it locked down In your white t-shirt or a three-piece suit Don't matter what you wear all that matters is who you with Some jiggy and some are straight grindin All up in the club just to have a good time and (Hook) (Nelly) Just show me where that party at dirty Somewhere where it's crackin right around one-thirty Never get done too early Come in as is, doo-rags and Tims I'm rollin past his, his little Jag and Benz with the rolls, not the one with the stem, the one with the rims  The one that seem to make more enemies than friends I'm slidin in past doors, both eyes closed Both arms rose, both charms froze With the S-O-S-O, D-E dot F I'm buyin bottles, bottles, until it ain't none left I'm quick to go left, I blaze with no rep I jams more than left, baby show me the club I'm like "hey, where that Bacardi at?" Come and mix it with the Cris', baby, what's wrong with that? We in the V.I.P. twisted, down right spliffed it Two way and shit, actin like they missed it (missed it) (Hook) (Jagged Edge) Left side, just put your hands up, throw 'em up Right side, just put your hands up, throw 'em up Everybody, put your hands up, throw 'em up When the beat come back around e'rybody do it again Do the eastside run this mutha for ya? (Hell yeah) Do my southside run this mutha for ya? (Hell yeah) And them haters ain't hittin on, ain't talkin 'bout us And they look like If the party's where you're at let me hear you say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jagged Edge f/ Da Brat, J.D., Lil' Bow Wow, Nelly, R.O.C., Tigah Album: Where the Party At (CD Single) Song: Where the Party At (So So Def Remix) Typed by: ruffendz21@hotmail.com [Jermaine Dupri]: Uh haha Remix All I see over here ain't nothin' but a lot of honies lookin' for man  And niggas with a lot of money, bottles in they hand  And short shirts, honies tryin' to show that slow (show that) Lined up tryin' to get through the velvet ropes 'Cause over here when the jam drops everybody bug Standin' on the couches like this our club Got the Bacardi and Cristal mixed in too (yeah) Knowin' in the morning I'm a feel the blues (uh huh) Now the jam keeps droppin' and the drinks keep comin' and the girls keep talkin' to me (talkin' to you) I mean shit straight poppin' everybody jumpin' Makin' it hard for me to leave (oh) [Da Brat]: All you gotta do is call me and I'll come runnin' to where the party at I keep a fat sack in the backpack So what's happenin'? In every city I'm rappin' in If it's a after splash I'm the last cat in Get in, purrin' tight like virgin Like snow, flurrin' The party begins when the slurpin' ends (oh) You do me I do you Spend a night with boo-boo Let's have a private party for two But it's gotta be pumpin' in order for me to get cream Runnin' to the border for Colombian's green Studyin' horniculture My green thumb keeps them water vapors twistin' I freak until I cum I keeps it number one [Hook - Jagged Edge] {Jermaine Dupri}: Uh ooooooooooh (Uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooh (Uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooh {Yo, yo R.O.C.} (Uh oh oh oh) Uh ooooooooooh (Uh oh oh oh) If the party's where you're at, just let me know [R.O.C.]: Uh, uh Now here we go, how 'bout another shot of henney? I heard the apple martini happen to help plenty Mami ven aqui, the party's over here!! But the hustlers, gangsters, thugs is over here!! Get wit' us (why?) We true ballers like the Sixers We all hoppin' out of sixes Mines is black, Jermaine's is champagne Jagged Edge in the blue, black and pearl white and gray What a sight to be seen (uh) So So Def's the crew I thought you knew It's a beautiful thing (so beautiful) I mean there's nothin' like us it's true The sun could retire if the rocks we got get any brighter WHOA!! Once the man and the game that I kick begins My nickname is ESPN Now if ya jewels is blue and ya goose is gray Mix in the O.J. and let's party away [Hook] [Nelly]: Just show me where that party at dirty Somewhere where it's crackin' right around one-thirty Never get done too early I'm comiin' as is.... UHHH!!! Doo-rags and Tims I'm rollin' pass his... UHHH!!! His little Jag and Benz with the Rolls Not the one with the stems, the one with the rims The one that seems to make more enemies than friends I'm slidin' in pass doors, both eyes closed Both arms rose, both charms froze With the S-O SO D-E dot F Buyin' bottles bottles, until it ain't none left I'm quick to go left, I plays with no ref I Jams mo' than Def, baby show me the club I'm like... "Ay, where that bacardi at?" Mix it with the Cris' baby, what's wrong with that? We in the VIP twisted, down right spliffed it Two way and shit, ooh they makin' like they mislit, missed it [Jagged Edge] {Lil' Bow Wow} Left side just put ya hands up, throw 'em up Right side just put ya hands up, throw 'em up Everybody put ya hands up, throw 'em up When the beat come back around everybody do it again Do the eastside run this mutha for ya? (Hell yeah!!) Do my southside run this mutha for ya? (Hell yeah!!) And them haters and hittin' on, ain't talkin' 'bout us (Uh ooooh) {O-H-I-O} And they look like... (Uh ooooh)  If the party's where you're at, just let me know {C-O, sick flow} [Lil' Bow Wow]: Yo, this lil' cat got girls Cat got flows, roll up in the party, snuck in the back door I don't mean no harm, I just heard it was rockin' Let me party witcha 'til the cops come knockin' I'm tryin' to see what all the fuss about Bounce a little bit before they put me out I'm like the sun - this lil' cat got beam Got girls 21 wishin' they was 14 (haha) That's the affect that this phenom Bow Weezy When I do it I do it like it's for TV They might come close but you and I both know they can't see me I'm a So So Def representative Young niggas in the game they was born to live And we do what we do, we don't talk no smack And we always know where the party at, bling (bling bling) [Jagged Edge] {Jermaine Dupri} Ay, where the party at? {Tell 'em} Girls is on the way, where the Bacardi at? {J.E. y'all} Models and models, talkin' all of that  Know I can't forget about my thugs {C'mon} (Where the party at?) And all my girls {Yeah} (Where the party at?) Up in the club {Uh, yo} (Where the party at?) {Tigah} If they party's where you're at, let me here you say [Tigah]: Man I rip flows, get dough everytime I rip shows Rip hoes, when we mash out in Chevy's and fours Niggas know they ain't heard it like this before Whenever we pull up on the strip they like "Oh!!!" Chickens know me, hundred dollar mac and shorts Tank tops and Polies If it's 'bout cash, I'm gas chick, I'm on E On e'rything Me and Jagged, everytime we hit the club This nigga's off the chain!!! You can believe that And if you don't, come on down here where you can see that Anything you wanna be, best believe I be's that (oh) Where the G's at? Where the keys at? Where the 22's on them SUV's at? Gotta have that from the do' And gotta get me some mo' Man you think I'm goin' on a groupie, no Spot me with a fifth in the velvet room Crown Royale while J.E. spit this velvet tune It's over (over) Dog The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J-Kwon f/ St. Lunatics Album: Hood Hop Song: IC IC Typed by: blkachuba@msn.com [Intro - Murphy Lee - talking] I-I-I-I-I-I see some hoes.. In herrrre.. [J-Kwon - talking] Ayo TrackBoyz.. Its cool if I bring my other cats From St. Louis on this one? Come on.. [Verse - Nelly] Girl as you came through the door, you heard it before Errbody in this bitch better hit the floor Your man got some money, but I bet I got more I heard he got a Bentley, but I bet it ain't a Zoure She braggin' bout his Cadillac, bitch I got four She keep runnin' his mouth I might go climb in four more [Verse - J-Kwon] I like 'em heavily beated, conceited, you can't beat it Bust some pussy like a cookie wit no milk I can't-can't eat it Okay you love me? no lie, but watch it my charm bright That don't mean that you can kick it, from grippin' my arm tight Plus you lookin good, that-that I can't perform right In a U.S. club, down the lot p-p-pourin' right Jamaica born, I don't mean to toot your horn right But ya ass super fat, w-w-was you b-born right? And right now, I'm just chillin' with MURPH DERT! Your girl's in the club, but feelin' on MURPH DERT! And half of these hoes be askin' for Nelly team I don't know where Nelly team, but I know where my ding-a-ling Kwon the new cat, who on the scene of things And I'm pimpin' HOOES! you really ain't seen a thing Maybe a moon ring or maybe some jelly beans I mention the Four Seasons, I'm hittin' by any means Cause.. [Hook - J-Kwon] -x2 I.....I see some hoes in herrrrre And I.......I see some hoes.. In herrrrrrrrrrre [Verse - Murphy Lee] Ayo I'm Murphy Lee +The Ladies' Man+, I'm Leon Phelps the go-getter I've been pimpin' since pimpin', even was pimpin' my babysitter (You not no pimp!) I beg yo pardon I've been pimpin' since Kindygarten She had the nicest boobies and remind me of Dolly Parton (Tits) My First grade teacher bought my first set of markers My Second grade teacher, she kind of favor Ms. Parker Third grade: I switched schools, then my teacher was a dude He taught me how to pimp the teachers into breakin' the rules, shoo. My Fourth grade teacher man she had a badunkadunk If I would shot from a 'A', she would give me a couple points Fifth grade: I exposed my first ass, Sixth grade: I skipped my first class Seventh grade: is when I first smashed, Eight grade: I smoked my first grass Uh, I'm not a bad dude been on more backs then tattoos Girl's scarred to say "Hi" so they just blush and just ask you To ask me, autograph, pictures and hugs I see a whole lot of women on the parking lot but more in the club What up.. [Hook - J-Kwon] -x2 I.....I see some hoes in herrrrre And I.......I see some hoes.. In herrrrrrrrrrre [Verse - Ali] Now in the V.I.P. I see so many hoes its hard for a playa to make a decision One in therre with an ass so fat I seen it with my pimp view vision (OOH!) You ain't got no panties on, my rep name: The Panic Zone (Ali, is you a pimp?) Till I die, and I'm standin' on It's nothin' to a boss, you'll fuck on what it costs I'm the type to lose at dice and rob for what I lost God Glory Hallelujahs, you miss a call I knew ya And what's ya name? My name Ali, I wanna stick it to ya Now as I sit therre and check ya, ya lookin' kind of tight but you act too fly to me. Push this thing in ya mouth and right before I nut I pull it out and get ya E-Y-E. Now you know I go hard on them know, got a pimp card that I show And a bourgeois bitch, I dump cigars on that ho Give a model something to swallow, send her back on the runway Day off bitch? please we gon' double up on Sunday.. [Hook - J-Kwon] [Repeat until fade out] I.....I see some hoes in herrrrre And I.......I see some hoes.. In herrrrrrrrrrre The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J-Kwon f/ Chingy, Murphy Lee Album: Still Tipsy (Remix) 12" Song: Still Tipsy (Remix) Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro - J-Kwon] w/ (ad-libs) Ayo Track Boys This could possibly be the biggest remix ever Lets go! Track Boys! (J-Kwon) Yeah (Ching-a-ling, Murph Derp) True story, true story [Verse 1 - J-Kwon] A here comes the B to the C to the D No cat out the Lou gangsta as me Y'all hit two, I'm just goin for three Bottle full of Cris, but I still rock a tee And you got a little fat denim, from the streets Drink so much that it fucked up my tee People wasn't drunk, so why they wanna be Cause you get eleven thousand spins in a week Here comes the C to the B to the A Never fall off like B2K Wanna get tipsy, you one drink away Why would I buy when it's better when you pay Track Boys from the Lou, Jermaine from the A But they got the boy gettin tipsy with Sway Then she said she had somethin to say "One hit wonder" please I'm here to stay! [Chorus - J-Kwon] Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody (E'rybody in the club get tipsy) Oo-ooh, Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody (E'rybody in the club get tipsy) Oo-ooh, Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody (E'rybody in the club get tipsy) Oo-ooh, Now e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody, e'rybody (E'rybody in the club get tipsy) [Verse 2 - Chingy] Stop! I pulled up to the club already filthy She say she don't give head, she innocent til proven guilty Walkin VIP, cats screamin "GIB!" Skull cap with a bib on the back DTP This girl starin so I put a spell on her like a gypsy We bought up the bar with hundreds some drunk not tipsy Don't trip cause the whole St. Louis is ridin with me Cats start hatin, tell them people come get me Yeah! here comes the king of the Midwest C H to the I to the N to the G (Y) My homies in the back puffin on some ooo wee I know the owner so I snuck in the Uzi Plus if I blow somebody they gon' try to sue me If rappin was a film I'm starin in this movie The Git It Boys hurr, they gon retch and boozee Let's take it from the club to the ja-cuzzi [Verse 3 - Murphy Lee] Ayo one I am the dude that the people call Murph (Murph) Check my resume you can see I put in work (work) Two new women that I add to my phone (phone) Three roll joints, smoke one when I get home (home) Four real dirty you and I versale (sale) Those the people I thank, when my damn record sales (sale) Five new problems and one ain't broke (broke) White Porsche truck wood grain like Coke Now e'rybody in the club lookin spiffy Mama got on a dress, boots from the sixties Oh girl pissy, Shantay tipsy Kim, Kesha, and Pam all leavin wit me Jackers wanna get me, it's not that simply Seventeen fillin up, but you can make it empty Now which one of y'all niggaz wanna tempt me (Now which one of y'all niggaz wanna tempt me) [Outro] E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy E'rybody in the club gettin tipsy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ Nelly Album: Enough Soundtrack Song: Enough (Country Remix) Typed by: Brookstylez@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus- Jennifer Lopez] (2x)  I've had enough I'm tired of you treating me so rough Not coming home and then tryna play tough (Jennifer Lopez) What was I to do Though I had enough I still loved you Even when you played tough, you still was my boo When I told you we needed to break up, you refused Sometimes I felt used Cause I fell into ya trap when you begged at my shoes I remember you going to jail cause I was being abused Either stay or get bailed, wonder which one did you choose [Chorus] (2x) (Nelly)  From you saying damn me, To me hardballin' like Sammy And winning all these Grammy's, All I wanna do is start a family Theres no need to worry So stop saying you'll do all thats neccessary To get me locked up in the penitentiary Its Nelly and J-Lo's time to bill I'm like Samuel L. in a time to kill Buy that Vokal fo'sho, and cop that NellyVille [Chorus] (once) (Jennifer Lopez) From you coming home late, to you saying our love can wait And making all these tour dates Our relationship would only lead to fate My friends keep telling me to find another date,cause [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brian McKnight f/ Nelly Album: All Night Long 12" Song: All Night Long Typed by: oubie_monk@hotmail.com [Nelly] Listen Shit just aint the same When you slide through (Whoa) I get distracted every time you in my view (Yeah) Plus I hear you kinda single right now boo (True) And I got a perfect spot for a tattoo (Oh) I get ya name more than once if I have to (Yeah) Me and you up at a classic then buy you Cause I got a few places you can fly to Bring ya partners cause you know I'm bringin' my crew (Yeah) [Brian McKnight] Girl don't you walk on by We're not leavin' one more time Shorty's got her back to me Show me what you got for me Watch you move from side to side Lick your lips then close your eyes Like something from a fantasy Good for you and good for me girl So we can talk about the things you want (Talk about the things want) Or we can talk about the things you like Girl I don't just talk to hear my lines You've heard it all a thousand times girl And we can talk about taking it slow (Takin' it slow) And we can talk about taking our time Girl how can I get you in my ride Who's gonna drive you home tonight? Baby let me love you (Baby let me love you) All night long (All night long) All night long (All night long) Baby let me please you (Let me please you, yeah) All night long (All night long) All night long (Mmm hmmm) We can take a ride in my ride We can get it on outside Hit it of like 1-2-3 The moon and stars is all we need Then we can take it back to my crib We don't have to say that we did No one knows that we just met What you see is what you get So we can talk about the things you want (Talk about the things want) Or we can talk about the things you like Girl I don't just talk to hear my lines You've heard it all a thousand times girl And we can talk about taking it slow (Takin' it slow) And we can talk about taking our time Girl how can I get you in my ride Who's gonna drive you home tonight Baby let me love you (Baby let me love you) All night long (All night long) All night long (All night long, yeah yeah) Baby let me please you (Let me please you) All night long (All night long) All night long Oh baby whenever you say We can be out I'm not in a hurry Ma But we can go now There's so many ways We can get down I'm gonna give all the lovin' to ya Oh girl [Nelly] I wanna be your stability Physically finance and mentally If willing I'll be fulfilling anything you reveal to me Like ya fantasies Ya dreams Peaches and cream You name it You pick I lick That's the thing Time don't mean a damn thing in this case So unplug the clocks And close the drapes I got it all planned out Me and you goin' Until we both scream ouch We both pass out So we can talk about the things you want (Talk about the things want) Or we can talk about the things you like Girl I don't just talk to hear my lines You've heard it all a thousand times girl And we can talk about taking it slow (Takin' it slow) And we can talk about taking our time Girl how can I get you in my ride Who's gonna take you home tonight Baby let me love you (Baby let me love you) All night long (All night long) All night long (All night long, yeah yeah) Baby let me please you (Let me please you) All night long (All night long) All night long Baby let me love you (We can be out) All night long (Hurry Ma, but we can go now) All night long Baby let me please you (We can get down) All night long All night long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Missy Elliott f/ Nelly Album: This is Not a Test Song: Pump It Up Typed by: people_equal_lovely@hotmail.com [Missy Elliott] {Nelly} Hey yo, Nelly! This is fire {What you talkin' about, girl?} Let's make it hot for the clubs {Missy!} Wooooo! (*"This is fire!" cut and scratched*) [Verse 1 - Missy Elliott] Down South girls got them real BIG BUTTS Real big butts make ya man wanna look (OH!) Back it up, flip it up, skinny girls - eugh! Love my guts, so fuck a tummy tuck (Oh yeaaah?) Yeah! I shakes my butt I shakes my gut like "yeah, bitch what?" Yeah I likes it rough, tough Ask your man how I'm good in handcuffs Me and Nelly came to rock the club Pack the place, don't push or shove Out of the club, straight to the crib I'll let you know if the sex was good [Hook - Missy Elliott] + {Timbaland} Pump it up! {Show me love, G} Pump it up! {Let me see what you working wit'} Pump it up! {Let me see those big-ass hips} Pump it up! {Pump it up} This is how me and Nelly pump it up Pump it up! {Show me love, G} Pump it up! {Let me see what you workin wit'} Pump it up! {Let me see those big-ass hips} Pump it up! {Pump it up} C'mon [Verse 2 - Missy Elliott] DOWN SOUTH PLAYERS! WE GOT THAT FIRE MADE! Get up on my booty, tutti-fruiti on the rooty I'm a thick chick, skinny girls act snooty No matter what your size, my big thighs'll do my duty Look at the way my rump shake like a movie (SAY WHAAAT?) See my tight jeans and the coochie Spend a little looty, you gotta WORK for the booty (Yup) Me and Nelly HOT ON THE TRACK (Track!) Nelly, can't no-one EVER TOP THAT (Top that!) Niggaz we came to rock the club (C'mon!) DJs better Pump It Up Motherfuckers need to back it up 'Cause we gon' tear the roof off the club [Hook] (*beat stops, needle crackling*) [Missy] *talking* You know, Down South chicks got big asses and we a little heavy sometime, but when you're from the South, we don't call that "fat". We call that "big-boned". Fo' sho (*scratching, beat starts again*) [Verse 3 - Nelly] Yeah, ma! I heard you like the magic stick Me? I got the gadget stick, it's like "Go, go, gadget dick" You know, make you climb the walls and shit I make her wanna press pause and shit Walk up in the party, girls swingin' they panties They was doing that before I had them brandys I get a little freaky when I'm in my yammy I may act a little freaky but I still got manners It's Nelly, felony, and Missy Misdemeanor Both going down, there's just to many heaters Check the records, we got records that broke records in record time I ain't talkin' about the records that they buyin' Lyin', can a nigga keep up with me? You see I, still standin VI stackin' the "Ride Wit Me" You struggle to recoup I struggle on which Coup' to ride in [Missy] See how we be stylin'? [Hook] (*"This is fire!" cut and scratched to fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ms. Toi f/ Ali, Murphy Lee, Nelly Album: That Girl Song: Be Like Me Typed by: Myztik2314@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Little girl talking] When I grow up I wanna be just like you! [Ms. Toi] No you don't believe me you don't [Verse 1: Ms. Toi] Yes a fly chick come in a whip let me see ya sit Me and Nelly holdin it down bout to freak the shit Hearin me spit so you can ask me who I sound like But I don't care what you process-e you vocals is tight Yeah it's me yeah Ms. T in the place to be Hearin my name bang now you wanna connect with me I don't wanna be like nobody but me life lady see Can't nobody do it better than me So if I look like sound like clown like Lets cut to the chase do you see this serious look on my face This music is a taste given you a little snip Cause the whole wide world ain't heard shit So let me be quick to sit you down in your place And tell you right to your face Sista, you ain't nothin but a faker, a playa hata I'm Ms. Toi first native baby I'm a G and you will never fade-uh [Chorus 1: Ms. Toi and Murphy Lee] Go and tell that girl Ms. Toi what you wanna be Go and this stylin chick who you wanna be Go and tell ya royal hynis what you wanna be I wanna be like me Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load) Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load) Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load) Waita they get a load of me (Waita they get a load) [Verse 2: Nelly] So you wanna be a Midwest Hippie off the banks of the Mississippi Your chances winnin are iffy slim or pretty Give ya *1* like *Penny* if you want it the hard way Who that is dirty comin right down Broadway? Herre the champagne, platnium and wood frames Wood grain all up in the hummers and the mustangs Code name Nelly got messages on the tele By Lisa, Tomika, Angela, Rachel, and Sister Shelly Oh really, you say some of these names might ring a belly Ain't no tellin Cuda school eh! night schoolin Nelly Come herre ho (Come herre ho) Herre I go (Well herre I go) Alcohol get you horny and freaky then drink some more P.O. trippin bout a nigga takin drug inhancements Askin me if I been smokin while my ? readin Branson I say no sir not by far just in the car Just caught a ride wit four niggaz that I met at the bar Now tell me [Chorus 2: Ms. Toi and Murphy Lee] Go and tell that girl Ms. Toi what you wanna be Go and this stylin chick who you wanna be Go and tell ya royal hynis what you wanna be See baby girl I wanna be like me I said you can tell Murphy Lee what you wanna be Go on and tell a Lunatic who you wanna be Nelly Nel Ms. Toi Murphy Lee what you wanna be I wanna be like me [Verse 3: Ms. Toi] This a sick flick with another hit again We usin our names while we rockin this thang mayne So if you came in wit which would never happen You respectin my game I'm doin this shit rapid Now we handclappin stackin papers for Ali Just cuz I'm doin it right you wanna be like me? Just take a bag of doin thangs and grab a hustler and put yo name on it And maybe you'll respect yourself in the mornin young pimpin [Verse 3: Ali] (I wanna be just like you big dog) No you don't (Why not?) Let me tell ya (Tell me then, tell me then, tell me then) What the fuck you don't wanna be is like that nigga Ali Strugglin, strapped quick to put your brain on your lap Now think about that how I come through bump you Skull cap I'll fuck you laugh at you find a place that I can dump you Hump hump you, underground won't even confront you Just slump you laugh body bag now I gotta trunk you yeah [Chorus 2 2x w/ adlibs] Go and tell that girl Ms. Toi what you wanna be Go and this stylin chick who you wanna be Go and tell ya royal hynis what you wanna be Check check You don't wanna be like Nelly Nel (what you wanna be) You don't wanna be like Ms. Toi You don't wanna be like Murphy Lee (who you wanna be You don't wanna be like Ali (what you wanna be) You wanna you wanna (I wanna be like me) [Chorus 1] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murphy Lee f/ Nelly Album: Murphy's Law Song: Hold Up Typed by: blkachuba@msn.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Nelly] Can I get a hey hey? I get a ho ho Can I get a hey hey? I get a ho ho [Verse 1: Murphy Lee] (Verse One).. What's it gon be today? (Let's see) The yellow Benz or the red Navi' Iny, miny, ony, mo That's the way I pick when I'm ready to roll Murph Dert got the limos wit his vehicles (Yeah that's the way it go when you got money to blow) Ho! well then, say no mo' Just think, I was on my way to the sto' I got scratched but I don't got nails Got my own truck but I wanna drive trails Plus I won a house in ATL and that depends on my sales And I'm tryin' to get a mil before my album hit the shelves And I aint talkin' bout no signin' bonus (uh-uh) 'Tics went platinum to remind ya homey I'm not a restroom so aint no need to stall I don't run or walk now so I can give it to em all [Hook: Nelly] Say hold up, wait a minute Lemme put some pimpin' in it Now, big booty I'm recommendin' And I aint been in this spot for a minute Say hold up, wait a minute She wanna get derrty wit it Now, baby girl wanna handle her business So I guess we'll be back when we finish I don't wanna leave by myself (Boy, you aint gotta leave by yoself) Ooh.. Shiit, Taxi! [Verse 2: Murphy Lee] (Verse Two) I call her back from an earlier week 4 in the mornin' they be like (Mm-mm nah I aint asleep) Career whore, stay on top of convenient stores Get pictures of me in they Victoria Secret drawers Keep summin hot on tour, couldn't keep anything hotter Make sure they know before what is really in store I adore the ones that call me Tohri, true story I created hoodrats, so these new models bore me See I load up the 7 wit 7's, for 8's I can't wait 9's be one time and Dimes we won't date So now I got 11's and 12's Wit at least 13 or 14 reasons why they fine as hell I hit em up like Blu Cantrall He-he-he-he-he-he-he-hell I remember when you smashed the bail I'm just a, derrty who can and you hatas stand out I'm like the pie in the window, I'm just too damn hot [Hook: Nelly] Say hold up, wait a minute Lemme put some pimpin' in it Now, big booty I'm recommendin' And I aint been in this spot for a minute Say hold up, wait a minute She wanna get derrty wit it Now, baby girl wanna handle her business So I guess we'll be back when we finish I don't wanna leave by myself (Boy, you aint gotta leave by yoself) Ooh..Shiit, Taxi! [Verse 3: Murphy Lee] (Three) (Can I get a hey hey? Can I get a ho ho?) Not you the one behind ya girl I done spit 2 verses tryin' to find ya girl And if you need a sex deal, lemme sign ya girl Just give me your information And I'll keep you in heavy rotation I wanna touch you wherre the sun don't shine I got a watch but I don't got time So if you wit it, then you wit that's good Cuz if you not then I could simply take you back to the hood ...Cuz I love my hoes Pimpin' aint easy but it's under control I got a lot of shit in me but I'm a commode Cell phone, arrea code overload I called Mannie in Louisian-ny Said the MO's is off the hook and make em move they fanny [Hook: Nelly] Say hold up, wait a minute Lemme put some pimpin' in it Now, big booty I'm recommendin' And I aint been in this spot for a minute Say hold up, wait a minute She wanna get derrty wit it Now, baby girl wanna handle her business So I guess we'll be back when we finish Say hold up, wait a minute Lemme put some pimpin' in it Now, big booty I'm recommendin' And I aint been in this spot for a minute Say hold up, wait a minute She wanna get derrty wit it Now, baby girl wanna handle her business So I guess we'll be back when we finish I don't wanna leave by myself (Boy, you aint gotta leave by yoself) Ooh..Shiit, Taxi! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murphy Lee f/ St. Lunatics Album: Murphy's Law Song: Red Hot Riplets Typed by: blkachuba@msn.com [Verse 1: Nelly] Uh, uh, uh, uh I'm automatical, infatical, radical even I wanna clearr all the misconceptions and shit ya believe in I'm leavin' nothin' to the imagination I won't stop on my Emanicipation Proclamation Through the radio stations Facin' me, aint that hard but it aint that easy Like I don't know when to play hard and when to play easy Believe me, George and Weezy couldn't move up this fast I'm lappin' errybody can't tell if I'm first or last It won't hurt ya ass, but it might hurt yo ass To come trippin', find derrty got the perfect stash The perfect gat, left in ya ass thought I would run Laughin' at them niggaz who thought derrty was done I'm a, son a g, I'm not a son of bitch I'm makin' sure that my son and my sons gon be rich Daughters and my daughters in no particular order I leave em layin up out the water wit straps to protect they ball up Cuz I call it [Hook: Ali & (Nelly)] - x2 I need some Kool-Aid (Whaa?) Wit my red hot riplets (Tell em what ya-tell em what mean man) You all that and a bag of chips And I just wanna know if me and you can dip That's all [Verse 2: Kyjuan] Baby girl you sweeter than Kool-Aid, the red flavor "Ooh that's my favorite", yeah I know my game is major She gave me her card, she said I can page her I was gon wait a couple of days but I did her a favor Call her now, invite myself awake the neighbors Beatin' loud, swoopin' like a caped crusader Without the cape, without the tights Her baby daddy was the type to have a truck like mine No beach rims, no door pipes Of course that, I love her apple bottom short set She got upset, I said she couldn't fire up a cigarette Small brat, aint used to cats wit short stacks If you ask me for summin, drop her off where the porch at I'm on a mission, turn the keys in the ignition Beat steady, beatin' Tweeter steady whistlin' She's seen my glisten, started to trip Murph, she's all that and a bag of chips [Hook: Ali & (Nelly)] - x2 I need some Kool-Aid (Whaa?) Wit my red hot riplets (Tell em what ya-tell em what mean man) You all that and a bag of chips And I just wanna know if me and you can dip That's all [Verse 3: Murphy Lee] Look, I want some mushu whether I'm in Cali or Cancun No goin' out, I like to stay in my damn room (Damn!) She got a donkey-o, this must be a damn zoo (Ooh!) Look at the monkey yo, she must be a baboon! Please don't feed me mama I'm like an animal Especially after 12, can you handle my stamina? You won't believe the things I say when you walk by My game cool but when it's on but it's hot when I talk high Now ought I, take you home but am I wrong I'm a kid ma, you know I don't wanna be Home Alone Plus I felt summin therre when we was dancin' on that song I like togetherness, can we all get along? Can we all, get in my car and talk about it in the morn' And make decisions when wake up and yawn Come on, you can tell me if you like it or not Cuz I'ma have my Kool-Aid and my riplets red hot [Hook: Ali & (Nelly)] - x2 I need some Kool-Aid (Whaa?) Wit my red hot riplets (Tell em what ya-tell em what mean man) You all that and a bag of chips And I just wanna know if me and you can dip That's all [Verse 4: Ali] Yo, yo, them muthafuckas just too damn hot Nigga like the pie in the window Cross the gun line and even get shot to find the indo Eatin' red hot, riplets promotin' passin' out snippets Seen you walkin' wit the triplets, I'm clubbin lookin' terrific I need some Kool-Aid, shiit I got to get it wit it Put my spoon up in ya pitcher see if it fit up in it (And) smoke for a second (And) told her I'll wreck it Told her groupie connection, got in the room and told her get naked Told the Lunatics, told her how I reflect it Lemme show you from the Show-Me, no talk fo sho respect it And ya red hot, butt and now ya say ya hearin' not It's the rap Fred Flintstone, I makin' the Bed Rock I give it to ya never failin ya, handlin' business I'm tellin' ya You ever need me again I'ma be through in on my celluar And I'ma store y'all never on the red hot riplets and Kool-Aid (Kool-Aid!)..I need my money nigga.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murphy Lee f/ Nelly, Roscoe, Cardan, Lil' Jon & Lil' Wayne Album: Murphy's Law Song: This Goes Out Typed by: blkachuba@msn.com [Nelly] Uh, Yeah Ohh-Ohh What we have herre? Uh, Yeah Ooohh Uh, Yeah Ooohh [Hook 1: Nelly] This goes out to my Midwest crew Now hold ya M-Dub in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night Candy paint on d's and fo's [Verse 1: Murphy Lee] Yo, Ayyo I eat, sleep, shit, rap Hip-Hop, kid and nap Snoop Dogg 'Lac wit the diamond in the back I rep it like a mayor mayn Summin like a playa mayn St. Louis cookin' and I'm Murphy Lee the killer mayn Hunt someone and lick em, make em salaam Praise the Lord or say peace to God I'm just a Skool Boy, call me Mr. Do-What-You-Do-Fool Claim where you from or we will claim where you move to Home is where you make it, eat a meal and get naked You could, walk in yo drawers and nobody could say shit I got STL tatted on my right arm, some of em saw em I aint dyin' but yo I'm definitely fight for em And keep it tight for em, and keep it hype for em And buy at the bar whatever gon keep the night goin Do what you do and you do it, just do it big And if you live to get it then you gon get it how you live cuz.. [Hook 2: Nelly] This goes out to my West Coast crew Now hold ya Dub up in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night Hit the switch on yo six fo's [Verse 2: Roscoe] Naps, rock, skit West Coast style t-shirt, khaki lack Swerve in the Cadillac Young Roscoe, the black Burt Bacharach serve the sacks, flippin skirts like acrobats And I dip wit you nigga, I take you on a ride Through that place known worldwide It's the Westside.. Chronic, Daytons, switches, dubs Cap turned to the back wit skirts at the Caddy shack Los Angeles where they sag to the mud Drop the back let it drag, du rags full of thugs Ya hard to the back, car full of "blat" Why A's decay, we way hard ok? I rock a 5 double O wit the bubble nose Stop, drop the top I holla at a couple hoes Fo sho they wanna roll wit the Philly fanatic Runnin' the radio in Cali cuz I stay in the traffic [Hook 3: Nelly] This goes out to my East Coast crew Now hold ya E's up in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night Rock ya hoodies and Timbo's [Verse 3: Cardan] Yo, Yo, step in the party like.. Sippin' on Bacardi like.. I hooked up wit the 'Tics they like... It's gettin' frisky for me Girls, they strippin for me Lil' Jon you wit us homey? (Okay) I gettin brain and, pimpin' I cant complainin' It's crazy I can't explain it, it's the Derrty Entertainment Man, I like to stop and go, she like to mop and glow Lovin' this track cuz we gonna rock and roll I huff and puff until my indo's gone So I, get to stompin' wit my Timbo's on We might be floppin' homey, we all critic Welcome to Harlem World A.K. New York City We forever runnin' round, here forever creepin' Up all night cuz homey we aint never sleepin' I came to do this wit my derrty Murphy Y'all niggas betta obey, cuz you can get it.. (Okay) [Hook 4: Nelly] This goes out to my Dirty South crew Now hold ya S up in the airr if ya feel me Fuck em all day, fuck em all night If ya tempted to throw them bows [Bridge: Lil' Jon] Get yo hands up bitch Throw you goddamn click up - repeat 2X We gon drink a fifth of hen And we gon rock it to this bitch - repeat 2X We represent that Dirty We aint expectin' no shit - repeat 2X We wild out in the club Same click we don't give a fuck - repeat 2X [Verse 5: Lil' Wayne] Lil' Weezy, fuckin' Baby, 5'4" fo' 4-5 make a nigga go.. (Ooooh) I'm a fly young nigga, ho South cold's great Stay low when get cake, oh.. Yeah, me no play we can take it outside Never met a nigga take myself pride It's Wizzy Wizzle, Southside guy Outside fly, gutta gutta in the South, wild 5 I represent that Money I aint scared to throw my click up Soon as I throw it high up, holla back, Squire I'm screwed up I drive slow not fast Birdman Jr. I got stones not cash, bitch I'm from the swamp I smoke dro not grass P.O.C. rolled on my hands, got a 90 degree fo' in my pants Give you this respect I'm still mackin', you can smell the Pimp Juice on my breath [Bridge: Lil' Jon] Get yo hands up bitch Throw you goddamn click up - repeat 2X We gon drink a fifth of hen And we gon rock it to this bitch - repeat 2X We represent that Dirty We aint expectin' no shit - repeat 2X We wild out in the club Same click we don't give a fuck - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Diddy, Jagged Edge, Nelly Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Nasty Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, jesc0n@hotmail.com [Jazze Pha] + (B.I.G.) The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!) Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls) Ladies and gentlemen! [Notorious B.I.G.] I go, on and on and on and Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin Easy, call 'em on the phone and Platinum Chanel cologne and (oooh-WEE) I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect If they watch TV in the Lex, they know They know, quarter past fo' Left the club tipsy, say no mo' Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O. (heyyy) Back of my mind I hope she swallow Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state, "You know what you do to me" She starts off, "But I don't usually" (let's go) Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt Step out, show me what you all about Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South (aoowww) Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I squirt Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All my women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Diddy] You know I like nasty girls... I need you to dance, I need you to strip I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips I need you to grind like you workin' for tips And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Pearl yet Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet My style make a low profile girl smile Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that) And now you and me can drink some Hennessy Then we get it on Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin' Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back) And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that) Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!) [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jagged Edge] J & B-I-G (what! what!) Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!) We're a Man lookin'no stress meet us upstairs in ya best, yes! Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's intrest Jazzy on the beat so sweet Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G [Nelly] Okay ma, what's ya preference Nice and slow or fast and reckless Boo, you heard girl, bite cha necklace! Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!) I make ya sprang a leak When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em) I'm like the radical one I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one (From yo' titties to ya thong) Either way mama I'ma make you do what it do (Girl I'm about to make you cum) Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me [Jagged Edge] Cause I'll go on and on and on on and on and on on and on Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jazzy Pha] Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS! BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF! NOTORIOUS! NOTORIOUS! Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen... LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pharrell Williams f/ Nelly Album: In My Mind Song: Baby Typed by: big.yang@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Excuse I'm takin' to you...hey... [Pharrell talking] Aye girl, I just want to talk to you for a minute...Ow [Verse 1 - Pharrell] Manolo pumps is tappin' and your lips stick's red (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) Your Louis purse and I just think I love your hair (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) Meet me in the hallways where the bathrooms are (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) Can you drive a stick I wanna know I'll be your car (wooo) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (Baby) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Excuse me I'm talkin to you...hey [Verse 2 - Pharrell] I can imagine havin my arms around you back (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) And I can imagine your heart beat pumpin through your chest (we're just eye fuckin, eye fuckin) I hope it goes beep beep, beep beep, beep beep (ooh girl) beep beep, beep beep, Excuse me I'm talking' you (hey) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (Baby) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Excuse me I'm talkin to you...hey [Verse 3 - Nelly] As I look through the crowd of the pupils into ya pupils Yea boo I see you too, Damn right I wanna do you too In ya eyes I can tell what you thinkin' Why ain't we somewhere hot for the weekend Seafood eatin', I heard you like Red Lobster You the type might like to sun bathe Jump off the yacht and jet ski the runway I give it to you like (uhh) Wanna moan and scream out (baby) Do the things that will make you say (uhh) Damn right I spoils my (baby) It ain't nuttin to me I'm (uhh) +billion doller boy+ type (baby) [Hook] Girl you ain't gotta close your eyes or wish real hard or click your heels (your heels) I can make everything that you feel be real (yea) [Chorus 2X] I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Are you by your self tonight, I wanna touch you (Baby) I see that look in your eyes, I wanna touch you (Baby) Excuse me I'm talkin to you...hey [Beat fades, Pharrell Talking] Can I splash you with uh, champagne Um, you wanna roll up a 100 dollar bill and use it as a straw Bye baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pitbull f/ Nelly Album: Planet Pit Song: My Kinda Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Pitbull] My girl is the kind of girl that walks in a room (Mr. Worldwide) Other girls want my girl, which I think is cool (Nelly) My girl is what these other girls wanna be {*speaking Spanish*} {*porto el mundo*} but that's why she's with me, my kind of girl [Chorus: Nelly] She look like my kind of girl She walk like my kind of girl She talk like my kind of girl I guess my kind of girl is you So I think I better Get in line, get in line, get in line, no Get in line, get in line, get in line, yeah! Get in line, get in line Yeah cause every nigga in here want you [Pitbull] You name it, she's got it, cheatin realistic about it Disrespectin, act a fool in public, I doubt it If there's skeletons in a closet, that's where she keeps 'em I do business with sharks, so she stays quiet and peeps 'em Even if she's threatened with time for secrets she keeps 'em Never goes through what's mine, she respects the grind I respect her mind, that's why I made her mine For me she'll fight the world, now that's my kind of girl [Pitbull] My kind of girl, yeah, she's got a vision That's food for thought now let them haters do the dishes A pair of tall heels and her stockings fishnets And I ain't talking fishin, she's got a sixth sense Green paper with that big pull nah man, it don't impress her She'll break a full court, so watch how you press her She came from nothin so she knows some'n, yeah that's true For me she'll fight the world, now that's my kind of girl [Pitbull + Nelly] My girl is the kind of girl that walks in a room Other girls want my girl, which I think is cool My girl is what these other girls wanna be but that's why she's with me, my kind of girl Sometimes she bougie, sometimes she hood But she my down ass bitch, that's understood And when she with me (yeah) she know she good Yup she my down ass bitch... oooh~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Posta Boy f/ Cardan, Murphy Lee, Nelly Album: It's My Party 12" Song: It's My Party Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Nelly] Whoo! (so filthy) So filthy... so filthy [Chorus: Nelly] I said it's my party I can get high if I want to I can blaze or light if I want to Or just smile if I want to (I said) Now at my party, I can rule the world if I want to I can drink 'till I hurl if I want to Or take your girl if I want to [Verse: Murphy Lee] Now Murphy Lee gunna smoke when he wanna wanna Bill the Corona-ona Half a onion other California marijuana I'm feelin' clean like my rims I know I keep nines on my side but I still like tens It's my party so I do what I gotta St. Louis heard my motta' Meanwhile bring your own bottle Cause we gon' party till the lights come on And if the song stop, fuck it cause my mic still on Man, don't see her face but I see her thong Man, she bendin' over like she giving me dong (damn) What can I say I'm just a playa in my own way Hate to see her leave but love to see her walk away I'm with Posta, we like toastas We make bread burn ya if you get any closa' So once again this is my party And if it turns into a jungle gym this is what you say [Verse: Cardan] Check it, I step in the club They like "ooh his Nike's" He scream, she scream "he so icey" Might see my girl but you don't know wifey Girls say I'm cute so the dudes don't like me Hey, I came here to party and live it up (live it up) Pop ten bottles go home and spit it out That's how we do it, cause money ain't a thing ma You see the bling? there's plenty where that came from Mami I'm just here to rock your body (body) Ain't no drama inside my party I came here in big ol' tires Big Dog so I like to sit up higher Mami sittin' back till they at martini Posta pullin' up in the AP Lamb'ghini It's my party I get high if I want to Smoke blind take your baby bye bye if I want to, oh! [Verse: The Posta Boy] Check it, check it, check it I say it's my party so I do what I want to End of the night I'm a screw who I want to Truck out in the garage, get the coupe if I want to I paint my shit blue if want to, yeah Niggas think this The House Of Blues Welll, this a Fo' Reel party come out to juice Four hot sixteens, come out there too And the Feds gotta lift you out the pool I'm the rookie of the year who signed them top deals Me and C-Love come through on hot wheels; mami back away Cause if I empty my pockets it'll look like St.Patricks Day I'm the kid by the far blue 'vancin on Those two those four, women glancin' on Blew the wop in the party till the brancin' gone Yo dirty let 'em hear what they dancin' on, I say [Chorus] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RAM Squad f/ Nelly, Sticky Fingaz Album: Ballers 12"  Song: Ballers (Remix)  Typed by: dALuNaTiC06@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Sticky Fingaz] Yo, don't let nobody else up in this booth [Chorus: 1] I see nothing but gangstas up in herre I see nothing but ballers up in herre  I see nothing but dope stacks up in herre  I see nothing but flossers up in herre  [Bridge: 1] (Ahh yea) we gon' mash it up If you ladies want war we gon' blast it up  If you bitches got bling go flash it up  R.A.M Squad, Universal gon stack it up (ahh yeah)  [Verse: Nelly] You can catch me in the packed night life, nigga post it up Or at the bar with some broad, nigga toastin' it up Any you open mouth niggas I'm a close it up  Anybody wanna buy, gotta boast it up I put a T.V. in every head, rest our own I left a tattoo of Nelly, err plus I was on  It's to the point, I can't even get no rest at home Damn, how many times can a nigga change his form Yeah I left with five bitches but I came alone Half you niggas couldn't do it if you became my clone Best let me run my game Cause y'all gon' know my name when I bust that thang (oh Nelly!) I pack Sally in the club, I need more 'Cris miss Niggas pissed in the club, like who the fuck is this? Country nigga and his bitch tryin' to take our shine I takin' yours I'm just expandin' mine aiight  [Chorus: 2] I see nothing but gangstas up in here  I see nothing but ballers up in here  I see nothing but dope stacks up in here  I see nothing but flossers up in here [Verse: RAM Squad] I'm in the jet like diamonds (diamonds) shinin' (shinin') Twenties on the S-Tank system bombin'  Rocks off the chain man, been grindin' Ball' till my knees spaz, stash for the new Jag I'm in now, win now, money to lend my friends now  I been in doubt, bend down, down underground When I pop up spray relms, in and out of town for white ice  But I ain't flint true downs I'm platinum bound, gon' through plus stacks Rugged like the motherfuckin' nigga named Max  Big Benz, big crib, big spendin' it up  Big ballin' ass nigga from the end of the Dub, c'mon  [Bridge: 2] (Ahh yea) Aight, we gon' mash it up I'm in the 69' Rolls, nigga gas it up Anything on the road, I'm a pass it up 80 inches, four screens, sskurit, crash it up [Verse: RAM Squad] Bitches start hound Y'all 'bout to hear me shine If I don't sign back to quarters with dimes I'm, nothin' but a baller 'till the day that I die I'm a live my life of crime [Verse: Sticky Fingaz] I'm thug, I'm around the clock Hopped out the spot lyin' around the block  Stay long enough to find a shorty dead on the rocks  No security, I'm greeting you with pounds and glocks  Hennesy straight in the glass hold the ice  I'm unpredictable my life is like a roll of dice  Got bitches heads turning like the poltergiest  Except they ain't gold diggers they want diamonds now  Its guns, bitches, and weed when I'm in town  Yo son your man wildin' better calm him down  Beat him with the handle and turn him to a vegetable  And it only (it's the remix) took one man to fuck it up for the rest of y'all  [Verse: RAM Squad] Ball out like Stoudamire  Wave back hairs dry like urban fire  Blue faced, hard fame, like rocky rider  We out in St.louis like Mark McGwire  Twist snips spit fire like a toned barreta  Millionaire in the ring rock the gold umbrella  Got the cream cheese and chedda', mozzarella  Toothed out all of y'all, livin' the betta' Push keys in the hood call me Mr. C  Heavy neck with the bling like Mr. T  Seen Nelly's blue truck so I copped the V  Paid my way out of court so I copped a plea  Now my slang like Onyx, puff on chronic  Hear my voice, hooked on phonics  Everybody want to be a baller, now Wanna be a big shot, shotcaller, now  [Chorus: 2] [Bridge: 2] (2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rasheeda f/ Nelly Album: Dirty South Song: ATL to STL Typed by: Khadafi662@aol.com (Rasheeda) ATL to STL, on them things and crunk as hell Your system blast, then let it bump Spark the L and raise it up Fifteens in my shit, you know it's gon' bump Nelly ridin shotgun, nigga, pass the blunt We into what-ever, and keepin it crunk Got twenty-inch BB's on my white Benz truck Aw shit, we done did it again From ATL to the new, but still breakin 'em in Playin to win, fire hot, burnin ya skin Platinum hit number two, y'all made me do it again This Rasheeda, I'm ridin niggas through the dirty  From Old ??? to Cambleton flippin birdies Bendin and swervin, I got this muthafucka turnin Threw up the double R, heard the sirens, kept it burnin (Hook-Rasheeda & Nelly) ATL to STL (we ridin) On them things and crunk as hell (we ridin) Your system blast then let it bump (we ridin) Spark the L and raise it up (we ridin) (Nelly) I'm 'bout to pull up in the ATL, eighteen inches and five screens Old folks on the side and they reachin for Visine Five bitches right behind me, more flashin than high beams Like, (Nelly, where you goin, can I go?), by all means Keep the door open, drivin the ave, mami get in Matter fact, don't ya come without, whoo, bringin ya friends One shotgun, three in the back, one on my lap What's the outcome, we in the sack like Warren Sapp Open ya mouth hun, "we don't do that", don't give me that Why ya tongue done, say "aaaaahh", fuck it, that's what I thought I was peepin that since the first time I saw ya Timed ya walk from therr (there) to the time I parked So keep ya one eye open for the haters that gawk But still thugged out, candy coated and thugged out Real stud guy, blink, now the guns out I'm a show you what that A-T-S-T-L is about, dirty (Hook) (Rasheeda) I love wood grain and, tinted, painted, and dusted out Threw on some new shoes, drop the top and skated out Then I hit the block, non stop, numero uno Iced up, platinum bitch, breakin niggas to the zero Call me the hero, better yet, the lieutinent Takin charge of the game, best believe I'm gon' win it See, it ain't no thing for me to put it down You jumpin out your draws for this bitch from down south Now put 'em up, and throw your hands in the air Now tip the cup, like you just don't care Stepped in the club, with my niggas from the D-Low We keep this thing crunk and droppin bows on them hizzoes (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rich Boy f/ Andre 3000, The Game, Jim Jones, Lil Jon, Murphy Lee, Nelly Album: Rich Boy Song: Throw Some D's (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, clipse_211@yahoo.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro - sample from "I Call Your Name" by Switch] I used to think about immature things Y'know like, do you love me? Do you want me? Are you gon' call me like you said you would? Is this really your real phone number? [Lil Jon] Wait a minute motherfuckers! [Andre 3000] Ain't a hood nigga but a nigga from the ho-od See mama stayed on me so I turned out pretty go-od But if you wanna try it sucker now then we can do it Ha ha sleep, Tylenol PM if I pull it Sh-sh-sheep, count 'em for the rest of ya life Yeah yeah ya partner got away but now he vegetable-like So so I sent his mom and dad a whole case of V8 He can die, any second, how much long it's 'gon take?! 'Gon get it over with, oh what if, you were in my loafers then You might be the dope but I would flush it down the toilet Like the boys in blue, when they come through with them boots And they kickin down the do', and they don't care who they shoot But we do care who they shoot, so we do what we must do So we act like we run track, then we run straight to the back But they comin from the back, so we run back to the front They say get down on ya knees we say what the fuck you want?! They want cheese, they want bread, they want dough, they want mo' Than I wanna give 'em but if I keep talkin they won't know That my cousin in the back, and we call him Roto-Rooter Slash plumber, cash runner, and he fire on them computers Log out! [Chorus: Rich Boy] ... fuck niggaz wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggaz wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac [Jim Jones] Shout outs to Rich Boy, Mobile Alabama Let's get it Shout outs to Rich Boy, we all wanna be rich boy Alabama Bricks Boy tryin to get them big toys (HUSTLIN) Two-twelve motorin tell Harry "Throw some D's on that bitch!" Now I'm gettin fly couple G's on the fit I'm at the jeweler now throw some freeze on the bitch I got a chest cold and I might sneeze on the bitch We at the strip club we throw some G's on that bitch cause we BALLIN!!!! We all OutKasts, hot cars, we coppin cash Chop shop, the added stash, cop cars can kiss my ass The car wash my whips, glowin no tints we fish bowlin No top with the piff blowin "Throw some D's on that bitch!" And we go hard, Zone 4, D-Boy squad We don't need the bar coast with lawyers baby just to beat the charge We got a fetish coppin speedy cars charge it to my Visa card They never thought that we'd get large [Murphy Lee] + (Nelly) Lunatics sittin fat (St. Louis on the map) Sixty nine wet black (I just got my Cutty back) Throw some D's on that ho (I just got my Cutty back) Throw, throw some D's on that ho (I just got my Cutty back) [Nelly]  How could I slip? How could I fall? When yo baby mama got my poster high up on her wall And that ain't all she done gave me them drawers [Murphy Lee] + (Nelly) I'm Murphy Lee please tell yo' sexy little sister (I called) Last time she asked me for some money I was (sent to the North) But now I'm rich and she can get it see these D's match my fitted [Nelly] My paint is banana splitted inside is totally ignant Outside is totally kitted To be specific it's wicked how them Derrty Boyz did it [Murphy Lee] + (Nelly) That Buick Regal (I lit it) My Monte Carlo's (terrific) That El Dorado (Got switches) Tamika and them (I done hit it) That twenty mill (I done spent it) That house on the hill (I live it mayne) And that diamond herringbone you know them niggaz did it Walk up in the strip club, lookin for a big butt Shawty wanna get fucked, I brought about ten what? Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo - I brought about ten what? Throw throw some ones on 'em Mo - I brought about ten what? [Chorus: Rich Boy] + (Lil Jon) Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggaz wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac (Let's go!!!!) [Rich Boy] It's Rich Boy yeah baby I'm a baller I dropped a hit and had to go park my Impala I threw some D's on that Lac and now it's taller They see the wheels on my De Ville so they holla Let's get this dollar, I got the fat man Lac Took it to the paint shop and got the fat man black I hold my jacket with my Tokyo Adidas on Ho don't even call my phone if you ain't gonna get me on So fuck you haters, I'll see you later Might see the gator, in my Escalator Mama told me put some D's on it son you ridin wrong So I took them 20's off and put the monster wheels on [Chorus: Rich Boy] Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggaz wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggaz wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac [The Game] All red Chevrolet, 26's ridin high Dukes of Hazzard doors, in Compton we call 'em suicides Suede roof, leather seats, woodgrain steerin wheel Candy apple hardtop, Game logo on the grill California license plate ridin through the A-T-L Keep my tires bald I never leave a paper trail Nah I'm a keep it clean, ball when I hit the scene Elbow out the window, show 'em how to gangsta lean Put Cali on the map, westside on my back Hometown on my face, forty five on my lap Twenty in my earlobe, hundred on my neck piece Just bought a Bentley nigga and I'm a "Throw some D's on that bitch!" Pull up at the rim shop and "Throw some D's on that bitch!" Might as well cut the top Let the sunshine in and the bass jump out Hit the block 15's vibratin the whole fuckin house [Chorus: Rich Boy] Rich Boy sellin crack, fuck niggaz wanna jack Shit tight, no slack, just bought a Cadillac Throw, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac Throw some, throw some D's on that bitch! Just bought a Cadillac... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Nelly, T-Pain Album: Trilla Song: Here I Am Typed by: dsn_wlsn@yahoo.com [Rick Ross] Ricky Ross...... Something special right here...... Excuse the marajuana, just trying to enjoy my self we got some gangsta in da house to... (Chorus) T-Pain I gotta bunch of dollars I can spend them on her now she can be my lady she can be my lover call me on the late night, get right, he aint acting right every super women needs a superman, here I am (Verse 1) Rick Ross Sight seeing, we might be in the cargreport or the new white b.m home from FAMU wit a gorgeous face next semester she transfer to florida state cooking like home ec for finiacle aid I helped her out she had problems wit finiacle aid remember mean time our finace is straight I even up the doors to the finiace estates, Ross she use to fight wit here mom til I sat em all down now she tight wit her moms yeah I put the ice on her arm now she know she getting sliced spendin nights in milon we still blow weed together cheated on her but we still gone be together put da house on the water hit da beach whenever she from da north but she still cant believe the whether (Chorus) T-Pain I got a bunch of dollars I can spend em on her now she can be my lady she can be my lover call me on a late night, get right, he aint acting right every superwomen needs a superman, here I am (Verse 2) T-Pain and Nelly Here I am, here I go why you looking for the others when you got the best the previous was a test for ya now ya in the big league a black steinbreader who a wanna pray for me ya last man was a chump and yoyu can tell em I said it he was talkin loud at first but you can see that he didnt you can see an sweat it hell ill call him up my self and tell him how he can get it, (awe) naw please dont confuse me miss im tryin to see how I can put you on my christmas list I hope you aint offened by this but I think ya ass fine as shit and thats straight up real talk, all bulshit aside she replied, iiiiiii like to do the wild thing actions took place, at my place now my place is her place (Chorus) T-Pain I got a bunch of dollars I can spend em on her now she can be my lady she can be my lover call me on a late night get right she aint acting right every super women needs a superman, here I am (Verse 3) Rick Ross More better, More Cheddar knocked ya man off the clothes line sweater hoe getter, go-rilla fuck shofers I went and got mo killas I rock wit niggas like fabolous cause to tell the truth life fabulous but you know you look glamorous cause them strapped heels arent for amatures risk quiet rocky, talk like foxy job like roxy, spark that broccoli walk quiet ocky, that means sexy I will save you, if you let me fly wit me, get high as me alot of alphabets girl ima g time will tell, rolex watches we show stoppers, hoes just watch us (Chorus) T-Pain I got a bunch of dollars I can spend them on her now she can be my lady I can be her lover call me on a late night get right she aint acting right every super women needs a superman, here I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly f/ Nelly Album: Double Up Song: Tryin' to Get a Number Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: R. Kelly] Ooooooooooh-weeee! Ohh! Ohh! Guess who? It's Kells and NELLY! Nelly you ready? Uh-huh Y'all ready? Uh-huh Okay, let's go [Chorus 2X: R. Kelly] I pull up to the club steppin fresh up out the Hummer Got a lot of cash on me, I'm a number one stunner In the middle of the winter make it feel like summer What I'm doin? Hey, hey, I'm tryin to get a number (yeah) [Nelly] Half you niggaz goin 'bout it all wrong (all wrong) Let me tell you what might help to get her home (get her home) You think that lame-ass demeanor gon' make her wan' come and see ya Should've listened to Big, you're +Dead Wrong+ (you're dead wrong, hey) First you get your swagger right, then go stand right by that light Let that light hit off that ice, lookin like you landin flights That shit there like kryptonite, she tryna put up a fight But she can't help it she enticed, she done looked like more than twice St. Louis, yeah! Chi-Town, yeah! This a lot of money mama, this ain't even fair They climbin on the tables and they standin on the chairs They tryin to get a glimpse of what the hell is over there Then pop-pop-pop go a round of bottles, then pop-pop-pop R. Kelly follows This shit here like hard to swallow, only real niggaz here know this power Only real niggaz give paper showers, three or four grand like every hour And I don't give a fuck who else in town Midwest come through shut this bitch DOWN! [R. Kelly] I'm in the club and I'm sippin on Patrn And I'ma be up in this bitch, all night long So many my baby mama's I'm scopin out like a hunter I'm tryin to see which one of them I'm takin home Look at her, look at her, I like her, go get her Fuck it, go get them, let all of them bitches in Got a lot of cash and I'm ready to spend it all I'm so high up in this motherfucker, I can't see y'all Before you take a picture (HEE) give me time to pause And it go like suit (uh-huh) my ice (uh-huh) my stunners, now pause R. Kelly (that's what's up) Kells and Nelly (that's what's up) Get that paper (that's what's up) fuck them haters (that's what's up) Hey, y'all got the game all misconstrued I'm about to break it down and try and talk some sense in y'all fools Lookie here, playa let me tell you what's happenin Get that number, keep it private Tell that bitch to write it down, shake your hand and get that napkin [R. Kelly] I'm gettin my drink on, I got my stunners on Just stop the music, you could hear this on your ringtone We in here all night long, this goin 'til 6 in the mornin Wake up with two chicks, wash our ass and goin straight to the mall Now give me that number [Chorus] - 1/2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Snoop Dogg f/ Nelly Album: R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece Song: Girl Like U Typed by: tripay04@yahoo.com Yeah, yeah..un-uh, un-uh, un-uh, un-un-un-un-uh (ad-libbing) He strikes..He strikes again Check it. [Chorus] Nelly+ Snoop If I didn't have no dough, would you love meeee? If we didn't have a place to go, would you still be therrrre? Or would you leave me alone, when the chips are dowwwn? Or would you stay around, and beeee down Oh girl! I gotta have a chick like you I gotta have a girl like you I gotta have a chick like you I gotta have a girl like you [Nelly] Eh..eh, eh, eh Hey little Unc, who that is standing there like that? Lookin' from the front, but I can see what's in the back Hips like (Oh!), thighs like (Oh!) Pretty toes in a row and they be lookin' like (Oh!) [Snoop] (Nelly) Ion't know nephew, let's just do what we do Let's just slide up on these hoes and put this pimpin' to use (Agreed!) And then what we do (What we do?) You take the one in the white, I take the one in the blue Preach! [Chorus] Nelly+ Snoop If I didn't have no dough, would you love meeee? (Would you love me, girl?) If we didn't have a place to go, would you still be therrrre? (Would you still be there?) Or would you leave me alone, when the chips are dowwwn? (when the chips are down) Or would you stay around, (oh, oh) and beeee down Oh girl! (Oh!) I gotta have a chick like you (I gotta, I gotta) I gotta have a girl like you (I like this part) I gotta have a chick like you (Make a nigga clap to this) I gotta have a girl like you (Yeah, yeah, yeah) [Snoop] Ay yo, I don't know if you been told But, you look like you should be gold You're so precious, the way you shape up I'm just here to help you step ya game up [Nelly] You look like you might ride for me (you know) Hop in front of the bullet and die for me 'Cause when I fly, you be fly, you'll be fly wit me And when I fly to other countries, you gone fly wit me Come on [Chorus] Nelly+ Snoop If I didn't have no dough, would you love meeee? (Would you love me, girl?) If we didn't have a place to go, would you still be therrrre? (Would you still be there?) Or would you leave me alone, when the chips are dowwwn? (when the chips are down) Or would you stay around, (oh, oh) and beeee down Oh girl! (Oh!) I gotta have a chick like you (I gotta, I gotta) I gotta have a girl like you (I like this part) I gotta have a chick like you (Make a nigga clap to this) I gotta have a girl like you (Yeah, yeah, yeah) [Snoop] Now once the night wounds down, and the weed gets low Players still playin', and I'm still on a float I groove to the beat, 'til my feet get tired I just want to be your desire Eva Knieva, best believe-a Your not a dime piece, your a diva Take it from me you can be the, O-N-E If you roll wit me [Nelly] Now if looks was the case, baby girl'll be federal The top half - incredible, the bottom half - edible (huh) I ain't telling you what I heard, mayne I'm telling you what I know And I ain't telling where to stay, or where to go And, if she, want me, we'll take a trip down, wit the homie The D-O-double-G And if I'm lonely, jump from a lil' town And it's low-key, and guess who wear the crown (Whoo!) [Chorus] Nelly+ Snoop If I didn't have no dough, would you love meeee? (Would you love me, girl?) If we didn't have a place to go, would you still be therrrre? (Would you still be there?) Or would you leave me alone, when the chips are dowwwn? (when the chips are down) Or would you stay around, (oh, oh) and beeee down Oh girl! (Oh!) (If so!) I gotta have a chick like you (I gotta, I gotta) (If so!) I gotta have a girl like you (I like this part) (If so!) I gotta have a chick like you (Make a nigga clap to this) (If so!) I gotta have a girl like you (Yeah, yeah, yeah) [Outro] Nelly *fade with beat* Clap ya hands everybod-y Everybod-y, clap ya hands And if ya came to party wit the D-O-double-G, and the N-E-double-L-Y band I said. Clap ya hands everybod-y Everybod-y, clap ya hands And if ya came to party wit the D-O-double-G, and the N-E-double-L-Y band The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Talib Kweli f/ Abby Dobson, Nelly Album: Prisoner of Conscious Song: Before He Walked Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Talib] + (Abby) (And he could rhyme before he walked) Brand new day, aiyyo (born) If you passionate about what you do like I'm passionate about this music (On the after beat) This song is for YOU (He patted his foot before he walked) It's like I can't breathe When I wake up in the morning I can't breathe, until I listen (When Buddy Bolden tuned up you could hear him clean across the RIVER) I feed my family, I affect the world And y'all along for the ride (And he could rhyme before he walked) Let's go! [Chorus: Abby Dobson] Like medicine in times of war Helps me get over The sweetest sounds I ever heard My joy, my heart, my music Like medicine in times of war Helps me get over The sweetest sounds I ever heard My joy, my life, my music He could rhyme before he walked [Nelly] I'm from a small city, but I had big dreams Had some good ideas, but I had better schemes I thought the hustle way for me was etched in stone until my partner died and his name etched in stone My daughter's growin up, my son on the way They closin in on me, it feel like any day Music saved me, swooped in like the Navy Put a lifetime of scars on these sixteen bars So, I took the vow and made music my life Yep I proposed and made music my wife And if I ever need to cut a nigga music's my knife And if I need to bring the girls together music's my dyke So, yep I degraded and I hate it, even cried through it I watch brothers prophesize about dyin through it Music gave me knowledge of self And now my knowledge of self done gave me knowledge of wealth And I'm gone [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Talib Kweli] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, heh, music a part of me I'm a bully, beatin up the track with brutal honesty The truth inside of me, rappers hit the booth and they lie to me I'm usin the inspiration Guru provided me I'm redefinin the space, you could call me the new geometry A picture of you pop up, when I Google "monotony" Now all the people who frugal and spend responsibly think your album is trash and it's not the voodoo economy So you expectin the conscious and introspective views Eat your lyrical vegetables, let me tell you what's best for you My music give you a message true and respect is due But music is emotion that's lost on the intellectuals A tree that fall in the forest is never heard amongst the sparrows and the robins and even the ghetto birds You download it for free, but what I create is sacred It cost you nothin but I pay to make it Trust [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Talib Kweli] I was born on the after beat - I'm like Robert Johnson when he reached the +Crossroads+, me and the devil have to meet I saw the same thing as 'Clef and Lauryn when they saw it Lauryn went lookin for God and 'Clef kept tourin We listen to the same songs but we hear 'em different Serenadin death like we got a fear of livin Havin a sance on stage cause the spirit risen Stoppin devilish ways with clever displays of lyricism These songs are our natural resources Our actual street stories attract the police forces Slaves to the rhythm, the masters they eat off us [Abby Dobson] And he could rhyme before he walked Artist: Taylor Made f/ Nelly Album: The Longest Yard Soundtrack Song: Datz on My Mama Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Nelly] Yo, how you know when a muh'fucker serious? When he'll put it on his momma, let's go (Derrty!) Ladies and gentlemen Males and females (E.N.T.!) of all kinds (let's go) All the way from St. Louis to Minnesota (we all we got!) We bringin y'all, Taylor Made [Chorus One: Taylor Made, Nelly] [Tru] It's Jung Tru (in this ho) Jung Tru (in this ho)   Jung Tru (in this ho) [Nel] And that's on my momma [Blu] Blu Goose (in this bitch) Blu Goose (in this bitch)   Blu Goose (in this bitch) [Nel] Nigga that's on my momma [Gube] Gube Thug (in this muh'fucker) Gube Thug (in this muh'fucker)   Gube Thug (in this muh'fucker) [Nel] And that's on my momma   Taylor Made! You heard me? That's on my momma   They ain't playin 'round hurr, AND THAT'S ON MY MOMMA! [Jung Tru] J, U, N, G Catch me in a house with a hundred floors, Benz with a hundred doors Walkin out the Grammy's with a hundred awards I'm the best songwriter and the best damn producer (now) Cause whores gettin highly and stoned like Medusa Yeahhhh, a new Hibushi{?} eatin all sushi And then I tear the mall down for new Prada and Gucci My album's like Jamie Foxx goin for Diamond Like Martin on "Blue Streak" I'm goin to find her Said my flow's +Ludacris+, I +Disturb Tha Peace+ And I ain't "Never Scared," get your +Bones Crushed+ in the street I put +D+ on the +Block+, like I'm one of The L.O.X. Gettin +Bucks+ like Milwaukee, D-Bo in the spot Like Jamaicans on the highway on "Bad Boys 2" Cause a hundred car crash when they see Jung Tru I'm a first round draft pick, the chain say Derrty Like Cam takin over the Roc, you niggaz heard me, yeahhh [Chorus One] [Blu Goose] Yeahhhh, now I ain't Jigga but I keep Beyoncs with me I ain't Will but I keep a +Smith+ 'n West to blaze with me This story get +Notorious+, like my nigga Biggie I got a +G-Unit+ of killers like my nigga 50 (yeahhh) My chronic chokin, ain't no +Badder Boy+ than me I just signed a deal with Nelly, I'm with Puff and Murphy Lee And you can tell, when I stop 'em still, rollin on the Sprees We gon' leave a trail of rappers still, goin on them keys (yeahhh) I think of me of when I long stroke, Tia But Tamara keep it real with me, used to pop, pills with me Know she with a king, ridin through the hills with me Hungry, that's Vanessa Williams +Soul Food+ meals with me (yeahhh) I take a prissy chick like Lisa +Saved by the Bell+ Bring her through the ghetto, make her drive cause she got the mil' Now I ain't +Money Mike+, with the Prada black, and the money right Honey tight, but I'll holla back, bitch it's funny right [Chorus Two: Taylor Made, Nelly] [Blu] Blu Goose (in this ho) Blu Goose (in this ho)   Blu Goose (in this ho) [Nel] And that's on my momma [Tru] Jung Tru (in this bitch) Jung Tru (in this bitch)   Jung Tru (in this bitch) [Nel] Nigga that's on my momma [Gube] Gube Thug (in this muh'fucker) Gube Thug (in this muh'fucker)   Gube Thug (in this muh'fucker) [Nel] And that's on my momma   Taylor Made! You heard me? That's on my momma   They ain't playin 'round hurr, AND THAT'S ON MY MOMMA! [Gube Thug] You might catch me with a dime with a crazy ass, crazy stash Pockets like Malcolm Bliss, crazy cash My life's like a runaway train, I'm gone in it Treat ya body like a phone and knock off a tone in it (yeahhh) As far as rap goes, seen a million gimmicks On a prepaid celly, with a million minutes And you ain't never seen a throwback, until you meet me Cause the back say Jesus, he played in A.D. (yeahhh) I don't like too much, kinda hard to please Guns like old toothpaste, hard to squeeze And um, niggaz talk greasy until the steel him 'em I just send 'em back to God and let him deal with 'em (yeahhh) For the last two bars, I'ma murder the mic And come through like Snipes on the back of the bike This life's a "New Jack City" shit, ya heard me? Yeah, I come through like Snipes on the back of the bike [Chorus Three: Taylor Made, Nelly] [Gube] Gube Thug (in this ho) Gube Thug (in this ho)   Gube Thub (in this ho) [Nel] And that's on my momma [Blu] Blu Goose (in this bitch) Blu Goose (in this bitch)   Blu Goose (in this bitch) [Nel] Nigga that's on my momma [Tru] Jung Tru (in this muh'fucker) Jung Tru (in this muh'fucker)   Jung Tru (in this muh'fucker) [Nel] And that's on my momma   Taylor Made! You heard me? That's on my momma   They ain't playin 'round hurr, AND THAT'S ON MY MOMMA! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:T.I. f/ Jazze Pha, Nelly Album:Urban Legend Song:Get Loose Typed by:drana@adelphia.net [T.I.] Ay, I wanna see you dance like them girls in that Tip Drill video... (ay, ay, ay...) [Intro: T.I.] Ay, let me see you get loose Get loose, get loose, get loose Ay,shawty, you can get loose Get loose, get loose Ay shawty, bust it open for me Let me see you get loose If you really wanna show me that you love me, get loose No Grey Goose, if you don't get loose Get up out the coupe if you won't get loose Bend it over, reach for yo toe, get loose Hold on to the pole, drop it low and get loose No x-o if you don't wanna get loose No more dro unless you gonna get loose [Verse 1: T.I.] My potnas in the club and we chillin' to the max Poppin' bottles, blowin' money, we ain't learn how to act All in the V.I.P. spendin' four or five stacks You can tell it's T.I.P. from how I bend my hat Send the waitress to the bar but she comin' right back Bet a shot of x-o'll get you on the right track You got yo girl with you, better hold her hand, I'm a mack on attack Turn yo head and she bound to get snatched Give the dick to her once, get her hooked like crack Takin' cum in the face, yea I like it like that Holdin' on to her waist while I hit it from the back If she come wit *Pussy Popper* she ain't never comin' back Rough sex, talkin' dirty, yea she into all that Gotta movie that'll prove that what I'm sayin' is all fact Bra and panties all black and some real tall stacks Suckin' titties, eatin' cat, shot her off the meat rack [Verse 2: Nelly] Let me see you drop it down, get that eagle on girl Ain't no fuckin' way I'm leavin' here alone girl Money ain't a thang to the uncut kind Baby, I can make a mill if I rap or if I sing Done tryina ball ma, I own a damn team Even with a noose nigga still can't hang Let me tell you who I'm is Lunatic mayne, straight up out the heartland Nine on my right, ten more karats on my other hand In different colors mayne, worth a couple hundred grand Damn mama, how you do that there? How yo waist stay still but you move that there Ain't got a clue right there Seen a lotta ass poppin', but that's new right there You invited to the house ma, you and yo crew right there Check it, okay let's have some fun I got four G's and 5 five G's in one [Verse 3: T.I.] You ready to get loose, shawty, better be Sittin' on them leather seats If not, pat yo feet on the concrete merely Freak by choice, not force, I would never be Charged with a rape, if she say no, I'ma let her be Why should I let that worry me? Too many bitches cherish me Pimp til I die, be a playa til they bary me Renegade, I'ma keep it pimpin', I ain't finna play Anyway, I can hit the baddest bitches anyday Slept with the best, I ain't gotta flex Got yo girl stretched out, pullin' up her dress Checkin' out her spread and I am impressed G-strings right in the middle of them wet Her girlfriends with her and all of them next I passed them a bottle, gave all of them X Head *Pussy Popper*, so all them expect The best sex, and that's what all of them get [Jazze Pha] Woooo weeee Ladies and gentleman This is a Jazze Phinzell, producshinzell T.I., Nelly Nell, Phizzle Phizzle... Grand Hustle, sho' nuff Get loose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Nelly Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: Show it to Me Typed by: opal8t1@hotmail.com Aye bend that ass over, and let it move back Come kick it wit me, I'll get your groove back And give it to me Show it to me Give it to me Show it to me Give it to me Show it to me [Hook] Aye bend that ass over, and let it move back Come kick it wit me, I can help you get your groove back Aye give it to me Show it to me Now give it to me Show it to me Now give it to me Hey whatcha doin'? Give it to me Show it to me And let it wiggle 'cause I like it when you do that Come kick it wit me, I can help you get your groove back Now give it to me Show it to me Now give it to me Show it to me Just give it to me Hey whatcha doin'? Just give it to me Show it to me [T.I.] I got a whack dough flow Stacks on swole Five different hoes in Cadillac four door Niggas think they gonna attack, I got a mac on hold I'll bust ya in your stomach leave you back on the floor You see T.I. and Nelly on it, know the track gone blow Man you niggas barely pro, I don't even practice no more Aye shawty I was gettin' dough when you was rappin so-so When you barely had flow I had crack for the low You can stunt for the audience and act for the hoes Let me ask you what you gon' do when we ain't actin' no more Aye when I finish wit you you ain't even gon' be rappin' no more Aye "How he doin'?, Where he at?" somethin' they ain't askin' no more Aye picture me not bein' the main attraction no more That's all the talkin' I care to do to you back to the hoes Baby drop it back it up til you can't back it no more You show me you bout that action, I'll throw a stack on the floor [Hook] [Nelly] Aye come on in lil mama sit down pay attention You don't want to get to school, then take your ass to detention Stick my key in your ignition, I'm crankin' up your engine I'm pullin' your extensions Now we switchin' up positions Got an ill technique, in makin' ya knees weak A non-stop treat until your g-spot leak To your G4 seat, we'll be back next week so tell that lame ass nigga you got places to be So give me your participation, don't need no hesitation Don't want to be mistaken, ma I'm plannin' on relations Yea, you rollin' wit the King and the One Country niggas in the chevy passin' Grey Poupon Man, we been gettin' dough since we was way too young The record sales was the mob that'll make me a Don You see this is why I'm hot, and this is why he not so mama climb on top, and show me what you got, aye [Hook] [T.I. & Nelly] The independent ladies that can buy their own Mercedes I say That's the one, that's the one Country girls that represent, payin' they own rent holla That's the one, that's the one For the women constantly poppin' tags with the newest Louis bags yea That's the one, that's the one To all the girls who in shape, slim waist, pretty face hey That's the one, that's the one Okay Now bend that ass over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: YC f/ Ace Hood, B.o.B, Big Sean, Bun B, Cory Gunz, Cory Mo,    CyHi Da Prince, Dose, Nelly, Trae Tha Truth, Twista,    Waka Flocka Flame, Wale, Wiz Khalifa, Yo Gotti, Young Jeezy Album: Racks (Remix) single Song: Racks (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Sonny Digital} [Intro: YC] (YC!) Whatchu got? Racks on racks on racks  (He got) racks on racks on racks  (We got) racks on racks on raaacks (Leh'go!) Ayy! I got, racks on racks on racks (She got) racks on racks on racks (They got) racks on racks on racks [Chorus: YC] Got campaign goin so strong  Gettin brain while I'm talkin on the phone Spend money when ya money gets long Real street nigga, ain't no clone We at the top where we belong Sip lean, ros, Patron Smokin on thousand dollar worth of strong when the club 'bout to hear this soooong (Whatchu got?) We got racks on racks on racks (racks), racks on racks on racks (racks)  Racks on racks on racks (racks), got racks on racks on raaaaacks  Got racks on racks on racks (racks), racks on racks on racks (racks) Racks on racks on racks (racks), nigga ain't even tryna hold baaaack [YC] Still fresh ahead of my Trues Ice shot, okay, coon Strapped up, know I keep that tool That racks on racks a muh'fuckin fool All around the globe, bein on TV E'rywhere you look, you see YC Hatin ass niggaz just wishin they were me -- YC, YC, YC Way too big for my muh'fuckin jeans I'm so fly I don't even got wings Eyes real low, just blame it on the green Girl caught up, got lean on leaaaaaan That shoebox shit, over with She put it on the rack, wont notice it My bank count, commas all over it Racks on racks on raaa-aa-acks [Young Jeezy] Young, if it's convertible, then how is it a hardtop? Bitch I hit one button, my roof open like a hard spot (Daaaaaamn!) Make me throw my diamonds up, bitch my life was hard knock Had so much kush and Ciroc, bitch I think my heart stop (Yeaaaaaaaah!) E'ry night's a weekend, e'ry days a Friday night You ain't seen nothin yet, bitch this just my Friday ice 87 brick fare, yeah, I'm talkin thirty racks All I sold is hund'uns, where the fuck my twenties at? [Wiz Khalifa] Uh... Racks on, racks off, see that blonde stripper, my hat's off Lookin at my Rollie, 'bout thirty grand what that cost Smoke like I'm in Cali, fuck takin flight, I blast off Niggaz talkin tattoos, we should have a tat-off Got racks on racks on racks... naps on naps on naps Just made a mil, count another mil, so put that on top of that Way back in 2004, I told 'em it was a wrap Now my life ain't my life no mo', I told you, nigga it's a wrap OOOH~! you claim you a dog, my nig, I'm the vet We cain't even talk 'less you cut the check  I guess that's why all of these niggaz get bad  They said, "Fuck a young nigga! Fuck a young nigga!" I know it's some girls in the crowd right now who wanna fuck a young nigga - yeah! I roll one and roll another one bigger Niggaz thinkin they sick, well, I'm sicker I'ma smoke, my weed and Ima drink, my liquor Better make, sure you fuck ya girl right 'fore I dick her, down (Flocka!) [Waka Flocka Flame] I got racks on top of racks (Uh!)  Stacks on top of stacks (Uh!) Bands on top of bands (Uh!)  Got me fuckin her (Uh!) and her friends (Flocka!) Bad boys dont do papers (Flex!) Double shot for (Flex!) my haters (Clap!) Clap two times if you druuuuuuuuunk (CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP CLAP, FLOCKA!) Got a bad bitch from the U.K. (Okay!) She do everything I say (Okay!) Go crazy when she hear music (Grove Streeeeeeeet!) She got "Grove St." on replay (Flocka!) Got racks you don't understand (Uh-huh) Money long from here to Japan (Uh-huh) Do it good when she go +No Hands+ Girl, you got me in a traaaaaance [CyHi Da Prince] Got racks on racks on racks (racks)  Y'all rap so wack on wax (wax) +Purple+ by the pound, that's that Flacco -- haaaaaah! I make big plays, I got big chips, blew/blue money like six Crips Switch gears like stick shifts, fresh as hell, I'm Big Gipp We buy cars. yall flip whips, catch us smokin that quick trip Pitch piff, that's a handspring, I like to call that a quick flip Pull triggers like hamstrings, boy I'm doin my damn thing Been blood with them bricks pimp, get +off+ a +key+ like I can't sing Got the seven on me like big jersey, ridin round in this bitch dirty I'm the best, hands down, they nicknamed me 6:30 I'm wit Young Dose and YC, Redan Road, that's my street Ask around on the Eastside, I'm the S-H-I-T [Bun B] Yeah... Bun B, I'm Underground King (King)  in the candy-painted car on swang (swang) With the top on drop and the trunk on pop  Boy you cain't tell me a damn thang (thang) Fifth wheel on the back just hang (hang)  Hit corners, hit licks, hit stains (stains) With the grill in the front, +Wood Wheel+ in the plush  Showin neon lights on my paint (paint) Yeah, I rep that P-A-T (A-T)  One hundred, yeah that's me (that's me)  If you don't recognize you gon' see (gon' see)  I'm a straight up +Trill O.G.+ (O.G.) in a black-on-black-on-black (black)  Cadillac like a mack on clacks (clacks) Try to jack and I will attack  It's a fact that I aint givin up my stacks like that! [B.o.B] Call me Bobby Ray, but it's not two names Flyin through the city, all-black, Bruce Wayne (Whoo!) No, not +Bombs Over Baghdad+ But on the track, you can call me Hussein (Hoo-hah-hah!) That's why they nervous {*gasp*}, like I'm flyin on the plane with a turban (woo!) But I'm fly, y'all just turbulence -- exit row, emergency (Mayday!) As a kid, I was struck by lightning (Pow!), it's no wonder I'm electrifyin Ha! Fuck a brainstorm, I'll fuck around and cause a power outage (BANG!) And it ain't no rivals, if it was, it'd be no survivors (No!) But just gimme a hour, I'll light it up like an Eiffel Tower [Yo Gotti] (I'm Yo Goooooti!) Got bills on top of bills (bills), scales on top of scales (scales) I'm Mr. All White (White), got yell' on top of yell' Got pills all on my phone, these niggas know Im wrong Said 50 for a song, and they wont leave me lone Gotta front me a brick, that aint nothin to you Just ran through a ticket, there aint nothin to do Yeah, I love these streets like I love the booth Mr. Cocaine Music, Im 100 proof Got white on white on white, ice on ice on ice And when Im in the club it look like lights on lights on lights [Wale] Yeah, racks on racks on racks  I'm tryna smash and not call back My name Wale, you so silly  Wet my willie, might call you a cab, yeah Ridin around wit that reefer scent  Ridin around with Miss Reece and them When I'm in the groove, I can freak a tune  I'm smoother than, alopecia skin -- HAHA!! I shows out, like dope when I put that flow down Like soap when I put my clothes on  I'm jokin, but I be foamed out And all she want is more bags, but all I want is more ones I told her bring that money back, like all them racks is Nordstroms - Whoooooa~! [Cory Gunz] The tracks on snack off raps (raps) See stacks from back of my slacks (slacks) From the X or the Macs in the Ac' (br-r-r-rat)  If I ain't strapped, then the gats on scat (on scat) Then he black on 'em like Tae-Bo (Tae-Bo)  then he clap on 'em like bravo (bravo) Throw sacks on 'em like y'all hoes (y'all hoes) Got racks on 'em like tight hoooooes Young Money, Cash Money so strong (strong) Keep scorin, I'ma bring it on home (home) Those Xans and the lean cause zones (zones)  Somethin tan with a mean jawboooone Worldwide, but I got fourth ways (fourth ways)  One hat carry like four blades (four blades) Petey Popoff R.I.P., free Lou  Been lootin money since like fourth grade I'm the shit nowadays, so they wave (wave)  No whips, no chains, I'm a slave (slave) Let you niggaz know Milita my gang (gang)  MC aim if you was thinkin it's a game (game) See me with the twin, buck a shimmy with the gauge (gauge) Word to Bus' and Jimmy, I'd be busy gettin paid Goin for the grips every day 'til the grave I be worried about the chips, you be worried about the +Lay's+ - BEYITCH! [Dose] Got Activist in my Sprite (lean) Benjamins in my Robins (boi!) Frank Muller wit flooded ice, but I still got my brightness In the fast lane, gettin slow brain in a 2012 Maserati I'm kickin, pimpin, like Liu Kang, my coupe smokin like Friday Puffin on that garlic (gas) Sick off all the Marley (boi!) Inked up on my hands and arms, got Def Jam in my pocket Shout out to Sha Money, signed me in a hurry Daddy was a kingpin, a couple milli buried Nigga, you ain't talkin nuttin (nuttin)  All in Flight Corps stuntin (stuntin) These exclusive 7s', pay four hundered for the Jordans (Jordans) No, you cain't afford 'em (fly daddy)  Sharper than a swordsman Racks on racks, our campaign strong, and YC like my brother - dueces! [Cory Mo] Catch me in the city with the trunk on crack Top dropped down, black on black Fistful of wood, twisted for the good Check my bank account, got racks on racks Look around fool, got a wall full of plaques Platinum and gold, you gots ta love that Posted up just like a thumbtack Better hide ya hoe, 'cause she bound to get snatched H-Town, Texas to ATL She got a fat ass, she prol'ly know me well Keep it on the low, never kiss and tell True player, Cory Mo cold as hell Shows to do, got records to sell Got a whole lotta BMI checks in the mail If ballin was a crime, I'd be in jail Locked up for double life like "What the hell?!" [Nelly] Yeah, they call me Country Grammar, my brother out the slammer I'm crimson color painted, you can call that Alabama I'm not from Alabama, but check out how I roll +Tide+ He might have the same whip, but check out how I roll mine Y'all niggaz ain't no stars (stars), y'all only in it for the cars (cars) The sky is yo' limit mayne, and mine somewhere 'bout Mars I ride wit them boys in the middle of the map St. Louis, Detroit, Chi-Town, Nap Down to the Dirty, back up through the trap But the money don't stack man, money overlap Yeah, y'all better watch it mayne, right here we lock and load Two things is for certain mayne, and one thing is fa sho' Got a house on hundred acres, I've never seen my neighbors A chick in ATL and from Buckhead to Decatur (Let's go!) Now y'all better leave me alone, got license for my chrome Police on yo' mama phone talkin 'bout, "Yo' baby gooooone!" Tell the truth, I ain't gon' lie (lie), I got so many rides (rides) Don't know which one I'ma drive -- fuck it, I'm just gon' flyyyyyyy! [Twista] Everybody wanna hate because I'm on ('cause I'm on) Blowin head back, bottles by the zone (by the zone) Twista finna get up on the track and spit it the way I do  simp-ily because I like this song (song) When I step up out the Maserati car Gotta pull it, pull it, pull it, pull it from the jar (jar) Then I blow, I'ma close out the par' Wit some killers and everybody know who we are Get Money Gang steppin through the do' ('cago), Chicago, 'cago, 'cago ('cago) Anybody wanna get into it, c'mon and do it  Fuck security, we gon' make 'em feel the flo' (feel the flo') Might as well get it off yo' chest While everybody got ammunition on deck (on deck) I don't see them, see them. as a, as a threat 'Cause I got racks on racks on racks (on racks) Oh~! Twista, I see your future, finna shoot ya I salute you if you could get at the general in my military Racks and racks and tracks and stacks and gats I-I-I could destroy an entire village when I kill and bury 'Cause I manipulate your molecular structure Other words, fill 'em up wit holes (wit holes) If you try to give it to me at the do' (at the do')  I just thought I had to let you knoooow (I bet yo' bitch call me Big) [Big Sean] Now I got single bitches tryin (tryin), married bitches lyin (lyin) I take 'em to the crib and leave our future in a condom I wake up fresher than these motherfuckers as is Look inside my closet (Look!), that shit look like it's Raks Fifth (Raks Fifth) Man, that's racks on racks on racks on top of packs on top of pounds My chains is Pow! on Pow! on Pow!, I'm off them trees, no I ain't no owl I'm at the altar sayin my vows, to this Benjamin Franklin pile You buy her a house, I won't buy her a vowel You fell in love and I fell in her mouth They called her Dickface, she call the connect (call the connect) You call her collect, I call to collect, no need for a pet If I throw this paper, yo bitch gon' fetch!  (...Do it) ...B-I-G And Detroit gon' be aight as long as we got me - I do it [Trae Tha Truth] I'm in the hood if you wondered where I'm at (where I'm at) In the back of a Chevy that's all black (all black) Racks on racks, I dont know how to act (act) Track and field with the birds, I'm runnin 'em like track (track) Free throws of money, bet you cain't block (block) King of the club, I bet you cain't top (top) Bitch niggaz hate the fact I get gwap (gwap) or the fact when the money go up, it wont stop (Come up!) I'm in the club, tryna show 'em how to stunt (stunt) Tryna pick up what I throw, it prol'ly take 'em 'bout a month (month) The club underwater, have 'em runnin out the front While I'm somewhere in the back, gettin blowed like a blunt (blunt) No need to trip, you can tell 'em that I'm cool as hell (cool as hell) 'Cause if it's the case, I'm known to the pack the tool as well (tool as well) {?} broke motherfucker, nothing new to tell (new to tell) Got both underneath the old school as well (school as well) I got lights on my wrist that'll flash like cop (cop) Couple of foreign cars that I ride no top (top) Couple of whi-whips that I ride like yachts (yachts) A couple of haters lookin, I'm knowin them niggaz hot (hot) You can tell 'em that I don't give a damn Hard As a Motherfucker, tell 'em I was H.A.M. Call it what you want, I'ma do it for the fam Yeah, that's the type of nigga that I am [Ace Hood] Okay, I'm back off into this bitch (bitch!) Wit a cup, and it's full of that liq' (Hot!) Got racks, ain't talkin tits (Feel dat!) Big stacks, no Lego bricks (Whoo!) Hit a trick and if any nigga got it I keep that hottie, just look at her body Blew twenty bands in that King of Diamonds Sorry, that's just part of my hobby (Swoop!) And I hear 'em feelin my Florida swagger So dope, shoulda sold y'all copies That ice be onto my neck and wrist Now anybody wanna play some hockey?! (HAAH!) I'm that nigga in fact (in fact)  Paper tall as Shaq (Oh boy!) "Blood Sweat and Tears", it'll be on your local Walmart rack - soon! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ying-Yang Twins f/ B.G., Fat Joe, Fatman Scoop, Jacki-O, Juvenile & Murphy Lee Album: What's Happnin' / Salt Shaker Remix (Vinyl Single) Song: Salt Shaker (Remix) Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Ying Yang] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [Murphy Lee] So fresh, so motherfuckin' clean If the booty's a drug then I'm a fiend She's slangin' like a damn drug dealer Nice sized booty but I wish it was bigger She pretty like a nine to ten She wit it and so is her friend (come on) Shake it like a salt shaker (shake it like a salt shaker) Maybe we can talk later (maybe we can talk later) [Fat Joe] When the sun goes down and my dick grows bigger How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga Named Crack, and I ain't mad at that But all these wack bitches, where the bad ones at Where the chicks make a nigga wanna marry that Make a nigga go and trick, buy a cadillac A cadillac, I'm just gassin' black Tell her what she wanna hear cause her ass is fat [Ying Yang Twins] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [Fatman Scoop] Let the ho's in free, let the ho's in free Let the ho's in free, let 'em in, let 'em in Let the ho's in free, let the ho's in free Let the ho's in free, let 'em in, let 'em in Now throw that thang like it's off the chain, oh Throw that thang like it's off the chain, oh, oh Throw that thang like it's off the chain, oh Throw that thang like it's off the chain [Jacki-O] Welches, strawberry, it ain't jam A hundred per cent beef, shit it ain't spam I'm so freaky, they stay treatin' me Neck bricked up, chick stay gettin' licked up I been hurtin' em, been Prada shoe, Chanel skirtin' 'em Been murkin' 'em, oh been workin' 'em Queen of the south, they wanna do me They wanna chew me, they just love the ghetto booty [Ying Yang Twins] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [Juvenile] She rollin', just look at how she movin' Niggaz breakin' their necks to see what she doin' She got a big fat, uh, in between there I hope it's clean in there before I get in there Have you ever had a date with a millionaire With canary yellow diamonds shining everywhere Slow motion, like Soulja told ya Cut that bullshit and shake it like a ho supposed to [B.G.] Hot girl, where ya at, get loose Stand right there, show me what you could do Break it off, let me see ya tear it down Do it like my girl Mo from Uptown Shake with it, ya shaped like a Coke bottle Walk with it for me like a Hollywood model Damn, you're doing that there Your man say he gon' put his shoe in that there [Ying Yang Twins] Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator [D-Roc] I got your bitch pussy poppin' in her pants The beat got her ass in a trance, holdin' up her God damn hands Liek I dunno why I wanna dance But she shook it, shook it, shake it every time she get a chance In the booty club is the place to be Where the bitch so crunk she'll shake for free Got her up, get her pumped, that what you gon' see Bald head, pink leather, that punani [Kaine] My name Kaine, I'm damn sure glad I came Butt naked bitches gettin' off the chain Bouncin' that ass like she ridin' a dick Here's a ten and twenty, keep dancin' bitch Cause I like the way you shake that shit Me and my brother in this bitch, show a nigga what you workin' with I see ho's, ho's and more ho's And none of these bitches got on some clothes [Ying Yang Twins] Oooooh Shorty crunk on the floor wide open Speak so much they call her Billy Ocean Roll like a eighteen wheeler (whomp whomp) That ho fine but this ho killer Ho's be drunk on it, pop Let me see ya shake it baby when you do the walk on it Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator Shake it like a salt shaker, tremble like a vibrator 