The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] You know, a lot of people ask me why I feel, that, you know I've gotten a lot of notoriety so quickly And, umm, I don't know People seem to be under the impression that, I made it to this point, FAST And, y'know obviously for me I don't feel like that cause it's me y'know I feel like I've been doing it, for ten billion years But, every time someone says something like that to me I remember to just thank God for, y'know, getting me this far Cause sometimes you don't realize how far you've gotten until you look around and, and you look at the people who who, who are still trailing so far behind you And I know that, that no matter what, it's in the end it's not gonna be about my talent, y'know It's not gonna be about my connections It's not gonna be about my looks It's, it's gonna be about, who wants it, the most Annnnd, I want it the most~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: I Get Crazy Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Nicki Minaj] I just came out of the mutherfuckin Old School Got my Mac notebook with the Pro tools Yahh Bitches ain't ready for Nicki Lewinsky Bad "WOOF WOOF" flyer then a Frisbee So I'm' up in Mid-LA eating Mangos Keep a couple Pink Toes in my sandals Got some Bangles all over my Ankles Such a Star they say I'm' a Star Spangle Buh Buh Buh Buh Buh Banner I am the Rap Hannah Mah Mon Montana so fix your antenna I keep three hoes, But don't'call me Santa And I am flyer then Reindeer in the winter (In the Winter) [Hook] I Get Crazy, [x4] I I Get Crazy I Get Crazy, [x4] [Nicki Minaj] So I got a Badd Bitch mentality Cause I just came from another Galaxy I be with the President up in the White House If we in the Oval Office then the Lights Out Cause I am the Wicked Witch I'm' the Nickster And I keep a Bad Bitch on my Jickster But I leave her in a second for a Thicker Rockstar little mama with a Guitar I am Nicki El.Em.En.Oh.Winsky I mean my name Ring Bells like Tinky I mean Tinker Tell that Niqga Link her Cause I'm looking for some Good Brains from a Thinker [Hook] I Get Crazy, [x4] I I Get Crazy I Get Crazy, [x4] [Lil Wayne] 1, 2, 3rd Floor Hospital Bound Niqgas is Doors and I knock Niqgas Down Straight jacket crooked, I hear you Lookin I promise I'm' Hard, And I swear you Pussy I ain't crazy, No yes I am Right up in the Coo-Coo nest I land I'm' fly now Eat mah Bird shit Yeah I'm' crazy, I'm' crazy Bout' your Bitch Wild Animal on mah Bewildered Shixtt I love Brain so I'm' Looking For a Nerd Bitch It's' Nicki Minaj, The Superb Witch And Weezy F. Baby, No Weezy F. Crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Itty Bitty Piggy Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Nicki Minaj] Ahh Huh, Ahh huh, Yo a yo I was on the plane wit Dewayne You can call me whitley I go to hill mane Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the yankee I was fuckin' wit base I was pitchin' to franky These bitches so cranky, give em' a hanky lil mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky [Interlude] Wooah Wooah Wooah Wooah Wooah Wooah Wooah, ok ok wooah wooah Holiday, Wait Hold on hold on Holiday, You cant give it to em dry like that, you gotta get that shit wet first niggah like c'mmon now! You gotta prep them fa shit like that, they cant just get that shit right off the top like you gotta bring that shit back, bring that shit da fuck back! [Nicki Minaj] Ahh Huh, Ahh huh, Yo a yo I was on the plane wit Dewayne You can call me whitley I go to hill mane Listen, I'm the baddest in the school, the baddest in the game Excuse me honey but nobody's in my lane When you was in New York, you was fuckin' the yankee you was fuckin' wit base I was pitchin' to franky These bitches so cranky, give them a hanky My mommy I'm cold gimme my blanky Flyer than a kite I get higher then Rapunzel Keep the snow white I could buy it by the bundle Step your cookies up for they crumble Don't be actin' like the cardinals and gone fumble (fumble) 'Cause I'm a steeler fresh up out the dealer All the dope boys gone feel her. Flow so sick I need a healer fuck is my M.A.C concealer I be out in queens on the back of four whee whee whee whee whee whe wheelers I'm a big deal That's why I get more head than a pigtail Pussy Mansion I'm gettin' the munchies I think Ill have a rap bitch for my entree' 'Cause they be thinkin' niggas spit, spit shine my shoes You know I keep a bad bitch let me sign your boobs I'm the only thing hoppin' like a kangaroo I mean the only thing poppin' like a can of brew Listen u should buy a sixteen 'cause I write it good That 808 woof woof 'cause I write it good And bitches can't find they man 'cause I ride it good I'm the wolf where is little ride-uh riding hood now if you see a itty bitty piggy in a market Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her park it I don't fuck wit pigs like osalamalekam, I put em in a field I let Oscar Myer bake em. And if you see a itty bitty piggy in a market Give that bitch a quarter and car tell her park it I don't fuck wit pigs like osalamalekam, I put em in a field and I let Oscar Myer bake em. [Outro] It's like I'm just single handedley anilated, You know every rap bitch in the building Like like I'm Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinsky, Nicki the ninja, Nicki the boss, Nicki the Harajuku Barbie Like I mean I don't even know why you girls bother at this point Like give up, its me, I win you lose Hahahahahahaha o shit hahaha yo I'm a bad bitch, I'm a I'm a bad bitch [x4] Hahahahahaha I told you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Gucci Mane Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Slumber Party Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Verse 1: Gucci Mane] Banana boat full of blow Banana clip to cut ya throat Banana dro come pack a smoke Banana diamonds yellow gold Heavy snow that berry blow That cherry coke got stupid dough Plenty mo you think I booked a Hundred, shows I'm selling dope I'm into wishin rolling cushion Sippin lean and burnin piff, you Gotta piff? I gotta pint you Took a shot I took a sip. I plead The 5th ain't saying shit go get My lawyer get him quick spent 80 Grand to beat a case I whipped it Like my purple whip. I caught a Hit like sosa did them killas Blast ya house ya monkey, I got So much jewelry on me still you Can't take nothing from me. hook It up I cook it up and get some Head while rolling blunts. water Paint, water stain I'm lookin Down she lookin up. beamer truck I rim it up spent 80 thou (400 Stones), she suck a dick while Rollin blunt she keep the boss Man bustin nuts. I get it off she Get it up me and her both can't Get enough me in the go I'm in The go so tryna beat that pussy up Welcome to my private party more hoes than a Bachelor party Smokin, drankin, freakin, shit can turn into a Slumber party You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party (A slumber party mama have a slumber party) (You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty) (When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party) (We can have a slumber party) [x2] [Verse 2: Gucci Mane] Her negligees are burberry Her lingerie came very straight Her oral sex is very wet my sex so great she gainin weight I cook a cake she cook a steak we three estates you section 8 Stay out her face she hardly date she fuckin Gucci shawty DAMN Everdays a ballin day just yesterday we bought a Lake tomorrow Bought us 2 camaros our way down the 68 we Trappin fast with Stupid cash so rap on with yo stupid as it's Gucci Mane no stupid ass I keep on making Stupid cash Welcome to my private party more hoes than a Bachelor party Smokin, drankin, freakin, shit can turn into a Slumber party You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party (A slumber party mama have a slumber party) (You can't meet my mama ah uh but here go my Number shawty) (When you feelin freaky mama we can have a Slumber party) (We can have a slumber party) [x2] [Verse 3: Nicki Minaj] Got that super soaker pussy pop like cola coka plus it's tighter than a choka Got em smilin like the joka got that na-na-na-na-na-na-na lil mama ain't On my linin when yo momma sleepin you can call me and get all up in it Bank rolls gimmie all them pretty furs cause my pussy game cold when he hit it He say bur he say bur bur bur bur bur I'm a I'm a marry her and he pull late with dat Pur like he strumgin his guitar that's me I am minaj I am ni ni nicki minaj and if you want a Menage keep a couple pretty boards look head game busy busy make a nigga dizzy dizzy Bitch I'm at that slumber party sippin on that frizzy chrissy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Kill Da DJ Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Hey hey hey, ya know It just dawned on me I am Nicki Minaj Ha ha [Verse 1] I ain't know the president live in DC And I ain't know they call me Nicki Lewinsky I never knew that dude with Jay was Pimp C And I ain't know I be with Paris and Lindsay I just know that I be on my fly girl shit I fly girl pop up and I fly girl dip I fly girl stunt like a fly girl flip And I don't never guzzle it I fly girl sip Now get dat Rose' get dat, get dat Rose' A little Hennesey and Louie the Thirteenth Now everybody look my way my way Excuse all my haters 'cause they lookin' sideways Let's get it now [Bridge] You got me wrong You be sittin' by the bar when this yo song You can act like you don't like it but ya do Ya do, ya do, do, do, do, do I think I'm gonna kill tha mutha fuckin' DJ If he don't p-p-pull up, let that record replay R-r-record replay, r-r-record replay. I think I'm gonna kill the mutha fuckin' DJ [Verse 2] I ain't know the police was the babylon And I ain't know I'm cold just like an avalanche I never knew my titties was bigger than Pamela So paparazzi flickin' be flickin' they camera. I just know dat I be on my fly girl shit My fly girl stomach and my fly girl hips I fly girl ball with my fly girl mitts And I can only kiss another fly girl lips Now get dat OJ, get dat, get dat OJ A little cranberry and some Gran-y Marnier Now every body look my way my way Excuse all the haters 'cause they lookin' sideways Let's get it now [Bridge] [Verse 3] Fuck 'em like sexin' while they be flexin' When they know that this they song So interestin' frontin' like they textin' Damn them bitches got me wrong Got me Wrong, wrong, wrong Got me wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah wrong Got me wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah Wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah-wrah wrong You bitches got me wrong The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Brinx, Busta Rhymes Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Mind On My Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Nicki Minaj] + (Brinx) + {Busta} I got my mind on my money, and I'm not goin awayyyy So keep on gettin your paper... (F'real ye ain't never had to tell me get this bread) (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!"*) {Busta Bus} Nicki Minaj (Billions baby) Frank Bill-ion (C.I.T.) (*"This is a world premier"*) (Let's get it) [Brinx] Now behold it's your excellence, C.I.T.C. I'm oh-fourward slash president, Eastside resident It's oh so evident! Brinx Billy ride cousin Black on black Phantom, 26's on the side of 'em Ninas on the side of 'em, Goonies on the side of 'em Anybody get it boy, be careful on the side of 'em These niggaz'll bury you, guns no fear of you Money hungry honey with me holla she gon' carry you Flyer than a aerial, there I go, jet-to Sittin on my feet when I'm stuntin on them people I tell no fables, e'rything tailored Fax machine, OfficeMax, see me for that paper You workin with short bread, ain't my money long youngin Bitch I'm 'bout trappin more digits than a phone number Different time zones on 'em, kill these niggaz lyrically Left side of my closet look invaded by italy Right side Paris, left side flaggin Oaper is is my main chick me, and money married (PAPER~!) And that's all a nigga know bitch That's why these brand new niggaz is on my old shit (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!!"*) [Nicki Minaj] Guess what I did I came out of the truck? In the lane like I just... I chunk my deuces like... That's all I do like... Young Money Nicki Minaj, is the ninja Harajuku Barbie all that like y'knahmean? Like yeah that's what we doin gettin money like y'knahmean? You writin disses we gettin money! Yeahhhhhh boyyyyyyyyy! (*"Trapaholics mixtape"*) Get me my limousine, all in your magazine And when I come them better lean like Promethazine Dem no say Nicki nice, I'm 'bout my money momma And tell Michelle I got my eye on Barack Obama Tryin to get that Madonna, you know Hannah Montana Could find me sittin indian style with the Dalai Lama Konichiwa I get my yin then I say sayonara I'm meditating I'm in cahoots with a higher power Mind on my money mind-mind-mind on my money yeah Mind on my money mind-mind - Nam Myoho Renge Kyo Mind on my money ay, mind on my money babe How does this money taste, wine and gold money's face You see the signs and the teachings If you ain't know well this is grinding season Now and go get your gangs signs, throw it up Where all my niggaz on them bikes? Throw it up We don't care what you say, we ain't goin away My niggaz bring the heat, and it's not a summer day So mind on my motherfuckin money My mind on my motherfuckin money Ohhhh [Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo I speak foreign languages and shit But the language I speak best is that money language Hahahah~!! Flipmode bitch! Brinx I like how we doin a Brinks truck job on these niggaz homey Time after time again I love to tell niggaz and remind niggaz, how I hold out on motherfuckers Niggaz out here frontin 'bout they bread they can't trust a nigga My money so stupid call me Warren Buffett Busta nigga Gladiator toss, see everything about me butters Countin money so long that I'm seein dollar signs in different colors My money'll smear and smother yo' money, you hear me brother? Been about that bread like I was broke and I'm still in the gutter And in case you ain't knowin there will be no replacement of the bags of that "Arab Money" I got stashed in the basement Face it; whenever I shine I glisten, whenever I talk you listen Ain't no money gettin made in these street without my permission I keeps it drug infested, my money is well connected It's to the point where my +Conglomerate+ is well +Respected+ You need to check my method; I promise you I'll be the wrong nigga when it comes to my money that you ever want to mess with Grind like missionary labor, holdin dignitary paper You ain't know? My team is filled with consiglieres We major! I don't give a fuck about your stipulations Type of bread appropriate for E'RY situation! You can tell from the jewelry that's sittin on my collar From the bread to the crib niggaz KNOW I'm all about the dollars You know I ain't into all of this long talkin shit Shit is confusin me when I'm countin paper, hahaha Brinx! Busta Bus bitch! You know I only wanna inspire y'all to get it like how we get it You know it's a recession out here, we all need to get it So when we walk around we ain't gotta look like foolish niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Bobby V, Gucci Mane Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Shopaholic Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Gucci Mane] Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah Yyyeeeeeeeeaaaaaaa Ah ah ah gucci ah [Verse: Gucci Mane] I gotta shoppin problem She gotta shoppin problem I'm a composive shopper So I'm a cop her prada I'm a ice her outta Make ya talk about her She got this thang about her Yea she a sexy walker We shoppin in maraco I took her to go buy Lil mama stupid fly So tell me watcha like Cause gurls I like to buy My money stupid fat His money on a diet Ten stacks to keep her quiet I make her call me daddy Yea there go daddy baby And she loves daddy cause Daddy gone keep dem hatin Yea they hatin baby They wanna trade places I call her sexy lady She call me gucci baby [Chorus: x2] She gotta fendi fetish She gotta shoppin problem Dat gurls a shopaholic She only mess with ballers She gotta gucci fetish She gotta Louis problem She gotta shoppin problem Dat gurls a shopaholic [Verse: Nicki Minaj] Yo I'm a need a couple of dem benzess.. I be out in china spendin yenzesss Gucci on my lenzzess My leather so sensative Scratch my 9 o' clock I wanna shop make ya tenezzzz Dilly dilly d look at all deze hoochies I be on tha beach in Emilio Pucci I'm a I'm tha best I'm tha best ask Khaled Sorry lil daddy dat cards not valid I need a limited black card, like I'm racist With dem real big faces Louis Vuitton cases Hoes in da hood say Nicki Minaj booshie.. I do it b.I.g. so I keep a couple coogies hoezzzz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Still I Rise Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Aphilliates shoutouts for the first 0:26*} [Nicki Minaj] She said fuck Fendi, but I think she was playin I heard she move them thangs, I think she fuckin Wayne She call herself Lewinsky, that mean she give him brain She tryin to be like Lil' Kim, her picture looks the same Why she ain't signed with G-Unit? She from Queens right? And what's her nationality? She Chinese right? I mean she okay, but she ain't all that She ain't the next bitch, tell that bitch fall back See I'm a hater, I go hard, listen let's begin You know her last name Minaj she a lesbian And she ain't never comin out, like her currency But every time she do a interview you know I run and see She get me so sick it make me vomit That's why I spend my time online leavin comments And you know that I got some more haters with me, might hit up ThisIs50 MTV, hit up BET tell 'em pretty pretty please don't play Nicki [Chorus: repeat 2X] Still I rise, still I fight, still I might crack a smile Keep my eyes on the prize, see my haters tell 'em hi One day you'll remember this, one day when we reminisce Nothin I do ever is, good enough for the music biz [Nicki Minaj] Nothin I ever do is good enough for you... {*gun shots*} Bitches is like crabs in a bucket You see a bad bitch gettin shine, you should love it Cause everytime a door open for me that means you Just got a a better opportunity to do you They don't understand these labels look at numbers as statistics I lose, you lose, mines just logistics Anyway; real bitches listen when I'm speakin Cause if Nicki win, then all of y'all gettin meetings (G'yeah~!) Ask L.A. Reid, ask Jay Then hit up Universal, see what Sylvia Rhone say Ask Craig Common, you can ask Chris Lady when you're done, just salute bad bitch Only underground bitch around that's duckin the paparazzi In and out of town, be swervin the Maserati Stay around the white like a Nazi Pussy puh-puh-poppin on my poppers so the cops see Bitches [singing over Chorus] And still I rise, I'ma keep my eyes on the prize Ohh, ohh Yeah baby don't go down, no It's for life for me And when we reminisce, reminisce, babe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Go Hard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (*"Pay attention!"*) [Nicki Minaj] SB (*"Holiday season NIGGUH"*) I think it's my time You know why? My tears have dried And I know that no weapon formed against me will prosper (*"We make it look easy"*) And I truly believe that my haters, are my motivators Young Money (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!"*) [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] If you could you would get rid of me Fuck you gon' do when a bitch try to go hard? But I won't let you get to me (to me) You should already figure I'ma go hard If you was as real as me You would never let another girl sit in your throne I done put the choke on Now they screamin "Nicki leave me alone!" [Nicki Minaj] I am, I'm still, the one to beat Ain't in a rush from these streets - I am the streets!! I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go (GO) go (GO) goooooo GO HARD! Carter called, lemme get the car key You don't want it with the Harajuku Barbie Keep a marquis, everything sparkly (M-man man down!) Hit 'em on the walkie-talkie Hit em, hit 'em knock-knock, tell 'em let me in My name ring bells bitch buzz me in And I only stop for pedestrians Or a real real bad lesbian Hit 'em with the Mac, hit 'em with the tec 9 Hit 'em with the Ruger by the intersex sign Hit 'em with a Tommy so my niggaz call me Pammy And I always the jammy in the trunk or in the Lamby Put my whole borrough on my back and I'm good-a I don't wanna hear what you would or what you coulda I represent all the girls that stood up Used to drink water with a little bit of sugar Now I'm in the gym with my squats and my sit-ups Doin the scissor-leg on the mat with my foot up Young black pin-up, all of my bitches did up Now I'm tellin L.A. Reid to step his bid up And I'm tellin President Carter he picked a winner Bitches like Nelly and Kelly got a "Dilemma" These birds all fly South in the winter Fuck I look like chompin on a chicken dinner? You can hate me, but why knock my hustle? I'ma be the queen no matter how they shuffle Skirts with the ruffle, Louis on the duffle I'm a bad bitch no muzzle (no muzzle) Bitches is softer than Al Dente, cut from a different Kinte Tell 'em I'm the ninja, Weezy is my sensei So I call him Splinter, faster than a sprinter Gimme my chopsticks I'll have these rap bitches for dinner This is for my gentlemen in button-ups and khakis This is for my nigga 7-Up in Coxsackie This is for my niggaz wheelyin them Kawasakis Shout out to the back East, salt fish aggies Kisses to my fans unless I'm feelin kinda cocky Winter wonderland is on my hand it's kinda rocky I am Nicki, Minaj or Lewinski Pumps on the clutch, right hand on the six-speed Write my own raps I gotta go I gotta get me (gotta get me) [Nicki Minaj] I am, I'm will, I gots to win I'm still lookin around for my, compe-ti-tion I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go (GO) go (GO) goooooo GO HARD! [Lil Wayne] From slap-and-cry you start to die so I must go harder Gotta make these bitches know me just like Bobby know water Better yet like Bubba know shrimp But he don't say shit when the gun on his lip And I don't say shit put the gun on my hip So I don't say shit but the gun on my hip If you don't wanna drown don't come on my ship Check out how them bitches just run on my dick And me, I'm that nasty son of a bitch I still got that bitch cum on my lips If ye ain't got money don't come on my strip And if you got money, don't come on my strip I wear that metal, no Olympic But I can still make you tumble and flip You fuckin with me if you fuckin with Nic' They ain't fuckin with me, they ain't fuckin with Nic' Your girlfriend her decision is split Cause she wanna fuck me and she wanna fuck Nic' They wonder if he be fuckin Nic' As long as she be fuckin rich That's why I keep my luggage cause I swear y'alls a fuckin trip~!! Young Money dungeon bitch My swagger just punch a bitch And I shoot like I'm from overseas So call my gun "Gunovich" Weezy F. Baby and the "F" is for a bunch of shit Red drank, blue pill, white dust Yes I love my country biiiiitch Ah-ahh, ahhhhhhh! Yeahh {*echoes*} guitar {*lengthy guitar solo follows*} (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!"*) [Nicki Minaj] I am, I'm will, I gots to win I'm still lookin around for my, compe-ti-tion I am gettin it in until the end I gotta go (GO) go (GO) goooooo GO HARD! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Nicki Minaj Speaks #1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Holiday, Holiday, slow that shit DOWN~! C'mon now, they done.. they know I do it They know when I do it it get done Two sticks in my bun, but, but first of all when I say two sticks in my bun, I mean that when I put a bun in my hair Like when I put my hair in a ponytail and I wrap my hair in a bun I put two Chinese sticks in my bun with the Chinese bang Cause y'all y'all minds is in the gutter That's what two sticks in my bun mean, okay? But Holiday you already know, y'knahmsayin? They heard that hard spittin, they heard that fast shit NOWWWW, y'know, you gotta slow it down for them y'know Umm, they wanna hear me sing Y'know behind every bad bitch there's a really sweet girly, girl There's a really sweet, Harajuku Barbie, and umm Now it's time for them to hear me {*inhales*} get all nice and soft and, moist I I mean, I'm-I'm sorry I didn't mean, I didn't mean to say that I meant, this is the portion of the tape where I just wanna be more, y'know, delicate and... wet {*SPLASH*} I'm I'm, I'm so, I I, I didn't mean to say that I meant, that y'know, Holiday just slow it down daddy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Drake Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Best I Ever Had Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*obviously a revisit of the song from "So Far Gone"*} [Intro: Drake] Yeah... (yo, it's The Aphilliates nigga, pay attention) Nicki Minaj, Young Money Yeah... Jersey's home baby (Holiday Season!!) [Chorus One: Drake - singing] Baby you my everything, you all I ever wanted We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it  You be up on e'rything, other hoes ain't never on it I want this forever I swear I can spend whatever on it Cause she hold me down, everytime I hit her up When I get right I promise that we gon' live it up She made me beg for it, 'til she give it up And I say the same thing every single time I say you the fuckin best (ay) you the fuckin best (ay) You the fuckin best (ay) you the fuckin best (ay) You the best I ever (ay) best I ever had (ay) Best I ever had (ay) best I ever had I say you the fuckin best [Drake] Know you got a roommate, call me when there's no one there Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (Yeah!) I'll be over there, shorty I'll be over there I'll be hittin all the spots that you ain't even know iw there Ha~! And y'all don't even have to ask twice You could have my heart or we could share it like the last slice Always felt like you was so accustomed to the fast life Have a nigga thinkin that he met you in a past life Sweat pants hair tied chillin with no makeup on That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringin Drake along You know that I'm workin I'll be there soon as I make it hooommmme And she a patient in my waitin room Never pay attention to the rumors and what they assume .. And until them girls prove it I'm the one that never get confused with cause [Chorus One] [Nicki Minaj] Aiyyo you da only one that see the real Nicki I can show you chill Nicki cause of how you deal with me When they knock my blocks down, you come and you build with me Even though you real busy, youse the fuckin real, Drizzy ("Trapaholics!") It's so amazing I figured out this world is ours for the tak-ing I figured out that when I go out and those people scream That some of them only think vicariously through me That's why I put that S on my chest and I'm gone But on another note let's have sex in my dorm And I'ma make you beg cause you look pretty when you beggin So meet me on the campus I'll be there around 11 Just let me put my books, down Excuse me if I look, down Guess I'm a little nervous, but I let you service Look at what you took, down [Chorus Two: Nicki Minaj] + (Drake) Baby you my everything, you all I ever wanted We can do it real big, bigger than you ever done it You be up on everythang, other niggaz never on it I want this forever, I swear I can spend whatever on it That's how I hold you down, every time you hit me up When I get right I promise that we gon' live it up I make you beg for it, until I give it up You say the same thing every single time (I say you the fuckin best - ay, you the fuckin best - ay) (You the fuckin best - ay, you the fuckin best - ay) (You the best I ever - ay, best I ever had - ay) (Best I ever had - ay, best I ever had) (I say you the fuckin best) [Drake] +Sex, Love, Pain+ baby, I be on that Tank shit Buzz so big, I could probably sell a blank disc When my album drop, bitches'll buy it for the picture And niggaz'll buy it too and claim they got it for they sister Magazine paper girl, the money ain't the issue They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial  She call me the referee cause I be so official My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make yo' pussy whiiis-tle Like the Andy Griffith theme song .. And who told you to put them jeans on? Double cup love, you the one I lean on Feelin for a fix then you should really get your fiend on Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot Every single show she out there reppin like a mascot Get it from the back and make your fuckin bra strap pop All up in ya slot 'til a nigga hit the jackpot, I'm sayin [Chorus One] [Drake] I say you the fuckin best (ay) you the fuckin best (ay) You the fuckin best (ay) you the fuckin best (ay) You the best I ever (ay) best I ever had (ay) Best I ever had (ay) best I ever had... Uh! Ah yeah! See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody Just make sure they that special somebody Young Money {BABY!!} Yeah, yeah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Shannell Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Handstand Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] "Da Aphilliates nigga, holla at your boy" I know why you fuck with me Nicki, knahmsayin? (HOLIDAY SEASON!) Cause we got the same type of shit in common We like to get money (PAY CLOSE, FUCKIN ATTENTION) [Nicki Minaj] We like them boys with them rubber band bands He-he-he-he-he move weight, keep a couple gram grams So-so-so-so where your money, put it in your hand hands Now-now-now-now-now make it flip, make it do a handstand [Interlude] I want y'all to count my money, got a paper pile and shit (TRAPAHOLICS BEITCH) Huh, huh? Shouts out to Trapaholics {TRAPAHOLICS MIXTAPE} Nicki Minaj!! [Nicki Minaj] We like them boys with them rubber band bands He-he-he-he-he move weight, keep a couple gram grams So-so-so-so-so where your money, put it in your hand hands Now-now-now-now-now make it flip, make it do a handstand [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Do a handstand, could you do a handstand? Flip that money make it do a handstand I can make 'em cream like a Summer Jam band Where are my bands? Where my rubber band mans [Nicki Minaj] It's offical, bang your pistol Play your money it's funny, I mean it tickles I need a D-boy, I need a President And if you spendin them stacks, I needs the evidence Then you can bring out all them cars that they rap 'bout Then I'ma let you eat it like I put the snacks out Don't say you can't, say you can, say you can can Flip that money, fuh-lip it like a handstand [Shannell] He's a banker, by nature He'll call a stick up the debt that you owe and thank ya He'll switch the toys out, never the same route for niggaz actin like they ain't about to pay out Takin me out just to ask me how my day went Tryin to show me I'm his #1 investment He know what I like, stay on your job type I'll pop if you can pop like you got rubber bands, we like [Nicki Minaj] We like them boys with them rubber band bands He-he-he-he-he move weight, keep a couple gram grams So-so-so-so where your money, put it in your hand hands Now-now-now-now-now make it flip, make it do a handstand [Nicki Minaj & Shannell] Cause we like, bad boys and bad cars Them hood rich, dope boys and trap stars We like, bad boys and bad cars Them hood rich, dope boys and trap stars {Uh-huh, yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh, uhh} (The Aphilliates, pay attention!) [Shannell] See I'm a rubber lover, so wrap it and I'll hug ya Then we can stick together like them dollars out the printer Bad boys I catch, call me undercover Street grindin, cold cut motherfucker [Nicki Minaj] Yo, yo He flip it like handstands, he cookin them ten grams Give him the grand slam in back of the phan-tam Heh I mean the Phantom, I can't stand bums Somethin 'bout his money make a nigga handsome Cuff cuff, throw your badge on me Guaranteed you can't puff puff pass on me We can crush crush, you can spend your stash on me Cause I know you want to smash like a crash dummy [Outro] The Aphilliates! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Keys Under Palm Trees Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Hear the Devil callin, I can hear 'em It's like I get chills down my spine when I'm near him Mad I'm a tad too bad, I don't fear 'em I don't need the preachers, I'm the high priestess Everywhere I go I get "Hi nice to meet you" Bitches know I be stiff, I'm the fashionista And they know I stay around the white like a groom Look up in the sky I see somebody on a broom I think I'm gettin ha-high, ha-high on my own supply Yellin RASTA-FARI when I'm ridin by See I used to be the wife of a king Back when I was smugglin them things in the bing Now that I'm a boss bitch, it's a win-win Come to Mr. Chow's or meet me in Chin-Chin Now I get cha-ching and my name bells ring Oops I mean my name ring bells, ding ding [Chorus 2X: Nicki Minaj] I'm in Jamaica with them keys under palm trees The leprechaun sees, what my palm reads And if my heart seize please call my auntie I think them girls tellin, I hear them boys yellin [Interlude: Nicki Minaj] Get down, get down, get down down Get get get down, get down, get down down I hear them boys yellin You can get down, get down, get down down Get get get down on the ground You can get down on the ground [Nicki Minaj] Man fuck a P.O., and fuck a C.O. 'Bout to "Set it Off" like Cleo Mad they done, tapped my Trio, bagged my skio Heard the bitch lyin like Leo Anyway I'm the ninja, Kawasaki blazin In a kimono, konichiwa to the Asians I kick kick kick it like I'm Bruce Lee's son (hi-ya~!) So all of that yellin in the street soon done Cause if I take my ski mask off then I'm dumbin The young Chaka Khan yes - I am every woman And I am 'bout that coke not what'cha put the rum in I say a little prayer, tell the Lord that I'm comin (comin) [Outro: Nicki Minaj - singing] Can you hear the yellin? Comin for me, comin for meeeeeee Comin for me, comin for me, comin for me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Get Silly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Holiday Season, ay! HOLIDAY SEASON!! {*TRAPAHOLICS*} [Nicki Minaj] Yo, yo, listen, okay, now now now Now I'm a dime, you a nickelette, light skinneded pig-i-ment Write my own shit, y'all copyrightin infringement I eat these rap bitches, somebody get me a dinner mint Pussy make him tattoo my name up on his ligament Fuck wrong with dem? My nerves they keep tweakin Tell 'em I'm the chief, I'm runnin with Mohicans Tell 'em this is church, and tell 'em I am the deacon Tell 'em that I'm black, Chinese, and butter peacon Pull up in the Range, I'm givin them more reasons Hit up Lil Wayne, while I'm in the Fo' Seasons Tell Gutta Mac, and Kid Kid I'm here I'm colder than a cough, I'm wetter then swim wear Got all these lil' bitches g-gettin p-pink hair I'm pretty and I'm fly, I'm up in the pink Lear I needed an assistant, I got me a pink queer Decorated his office with flowers and pink chairs (chairs) Listen {*laughter*} Nicki Minaj, Nicki Lewinksy The Mistress; where the fuck is the President? Ha ha, Young Money! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Gucci Mane, Rocko Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Easy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*26 seconds of shoutouts to open*} (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!!"*) [Gucci Mane] Hot damn it it's a miracle, please adjust the temperature I switched up the interior in my European 50 Damn Gucci lyrical, naw I ain't lyrical But my bracelet is crazy but my necklace is a miracle Blacker than Nigeria, with brand new material Countin a quarter million while I'm pourin a bowl of cereal Fresher than your ever were, richer than a year ago with three dollars a Skittle but it's eight hundred a Cheerio I was arrogant rude same color as a prune Yellow chain look like the moon and my old school is maroon VROOM~! Hear it ert-ert when it skrrt 26's on the skirts, in a bird, with a flirt You can jerk, I got twerk, I keep work, in my birds I got bird, I got bricks, I got pounds of the herb YEAAAAAAAHHHH - used to be my favorite word Now my ice game is superb, so these hoes just be like BRR BRR! [Chorus 2X: Nicki Minaj] + (Gucci) Y'all be tryin haaard (but it's easy) Tighten up on yo' jooooob (cause it's easy) I'm Nicki Minaaaaj (so be easy) Gucci Mane and Rocko - (please believe it) [Nicki Minaj] Boom boom, 9-5-4 double R zoom zoom I don't give a fuck about ya looney tune goons Yellin poon poon when your really coon coon I eat these rap bitches no fork no spoon I'm Nicki, I been Nicki, I'm picky I stay around the six like that little mouse Mickey Ask Rocko, ask Gucci, ask Gucci Gucci bandana I'm a star I'm the black Hannah Montana I'm such a girl, I'm such a girly girl I'm sippin on my milkshake with the swirly swirl Excuse me mister put some cherries in my cups I take my shirt off and watch the boys go nuts The boys go nut, the boy-boys go nuts All the dope boys all the boys wanna fuck My niqqa S Beezy, keep my wrist breezy Why would I go hard when this shit is so easy? [Rocko] Hold up bitch! Man I done stepped my swag up, don't fly commercial I'm private Step my rank up, so SALUTE you fuckin private 'Member the days I used to keep my comb, in my pocket? Now I'm with pilot smokin kush on auto-pilot I jet on a boat and I 'on't even know how to drive it But it's all gravy I just coast on auto-pilot I'm on another coast, ye ain't even in my time zone (naw) By the time you go to bed I'm gettin my shine on Yeah it's all good baby go on and climb on And ride like a rodeo, get your grind on Tell how I spend money, I be gettin my grind on Tell how I'm livin when I walk I got my nine on Your girl lovin you but she with me know what her mind on Don't make me do it hard and get it goin on some down homes Watch pitch stats and he don't even have a dime on Rocko the don, outta here, my time gone Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Five-O Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This... this is another ba-b-b-BANGER Turn it the fuck up {*gun shot*} This is a world premier {*gun shot*} Where my straight jacket, at? I'm a psycho Where that white blow? Why they copy my flow? If it's not Young, Money, it's a typo There them lights go, we don't talk to five-o  We don't t-t-talk, talk to five-o  There them lights go, we don't talk to five-o  If it's not Young, Money, it's a typo  There them lights go, we don't talk to five-o [Jae Millz] Mister officer, mister officer I'm sorry I don't wanna take a walk wit'cha Matta fact, I ain't tryin to talk to ya We ain't got no business, so fuck we talkin for? And ain't no need to bring me in for no interrogation Cause about that boy who just got shot, I gots no information These broke-ass snitch niggaz still gram shavin At the precinct writin statements on which shell house is the station (Damn!) Not I, tattle tellin is for homos Besides, that's the number one Young Money no-no Police, we don't chat with them, we ain't got no rap for them You in the cop car pointin niggaz out from the back of them (There he go) Back seat informer, your pappy shoulda warned ya You even tell po'-po' I'm black and youse a fuckin goner Yeah you get high, but I get higher; manana I just might go to the halfway house and ask your supervisor [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, uh-huh, yo Four three two, cocka doodle do I was out in Africa, Shaka Zulu crew Ho ho ho, red stockings too Comin down the chimney, you're chopped and screwed It's me bitches, eff you, snitches Gimme the heebie jeebies so excuse my, twitches Excuse me, lemme get that brewsky Niggaz know dem bitches can't do it like I do-sky	 I just pull up, chunk the deuce in some blue denim And I just heard, you runnin with the lieutenant I'm the mistress, I'll be in the District of Columbia Yes uh huh, Washington Better ask around, cause I'm what's poppington I'm who they think about, playin with they pee pee Better count sheep B, cause I'm never sleepy Guess I'm the chief, you can catch me in my tee-pee Bitches! [Gudda Gudda] Uhh, let's get it, uhh, yeah Young Money psycho, straightjacket on me Break a nigga jaw if he turn to informant I bring it to your doorstep, loose lips sink ships nigga So I'ma bring you to the bottom of the ocean Uh, church, I hear you preachin like a fuckin reverand Shoulda killed you in the first place, no second guessin Coulda killed 'em with the first and the second weapon DJ Unk 'em with the hands, I "Two Step" and deck him Then I grab the chopper, blue flame Houston wreck him Kick a snitch head through a goal like David Beckham Make way, respect him, I could AK attack him Ay, you lookin at a gangster in his essence Now bitch bow down when a gangster in your presence Cause I'm God's gift like a present For one don't try me I could give you two lessons  You peasants get murdered if you do test him Gudda Gudda beotch~! [Chorus] - 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Nicki Minaj Speaks #2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Okay so I'm just, y'know briefly run down my shoutouts, um Shoutout to all of the deejays that's ever showed Nicki Minaj love I love you right back, um Shoutout to DJ Holiday, um, y'know just cause he has really nice eyes and y'know he's really sexy and all that Um, shout out to, my baby Big Mike and Trapaholics, and, um Sticks Malone and DJ Infamous and DJ Drama Um, I also have a very crazy manager Her name is Debra Anthony And um, she's psychotic, she's bi-polar, um but nevertheless she's mine, ALL MINE Oh, I have to share her with Gucci Mane and I have to share her with, OJ Da Juice and I have to share her with the So Icey boys and, y'know Waka Flocka Flame and all that but y'know she's all mine anyway {*echoes*} ("The Aphilliates, nigga! Holla at'cha..") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Red Cafe, Ricki Blaze, Ron Browz Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: I Feel Free Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (PAY, PAY, ATTENTION!) (Pay attention!) Shouts out Boggies I see you S Breezy WHATTUP~?! {The Aphilliates nigga, pay attention} Don Cannon, money machine! My big brother Infamous Sticks Malone, whattup homey? We workin nigga! {*TRAPAHOLICS MIXTAPES*} [Ricki Blaze] I feel free I'm out with my niggaz and we just bought the bar I feel free Shorty lookin at me cause she know I'm a, star I feel free [singing gets interrupted] HOL-HOL, HOLIDAY SEASON!!! Can't forget about my whole So Icey staff Whattup Severe? I see you Portia I see you Morgan whattup G-Boy? {*shots fired*} We workin nigga, So Icey Young Money, it's a movement!! Pay attention stupid~!!!! {WE MAKE IT LOOK EASY} [Chorus: Ricki Blaze] I feel free I'm out with my niggaz and we just bought the bar I feel free Shorty lookin at me cause she know I'm a, star I feel free I'm in the club and I'm tryin to get right I feel free Most of all cause I got life I feel free [Ricki Blaze] Send three or more bottles to our table five We buyin out the bar, we livin our life We gettin alright, shorties watchin us We rockin in the club cause we straight dangerous Me and my dudes, me and my dude We lockin this down, Icey so rude These dudes talk out they mouth but they ain't you We shuttin this bitch down alright now [Ron Browz] I just signed a deal so everything is all good Made a move to get my niggaz out the hood Same place where Murder Ma$e once stood Ferrari cars, material all wood Now I'm in the club, bottles on me Louis Vuitton bitch, models on me Heavy chains (HOLIDAY SEASON NIGGA) on me I'ma start now, all the project's on me And shorty lookin nice so I'm lovin her I don't care what you say I'm cuffin her Seems how like I can't get enough of her Diggin champagne, I can't stop touchin her Her pretty eyes is killin me Her glossy lips is stealin me After the club ma we can chill in the B Tonight is our night and ma I feel free [Red Cafe] I feel so free So loose, drinks on me I'm too G, Gucci links on me Game locked down, I'm the nigga with the key I see a girl, she so fly She got wings, see her flow by Whole crew sick, hottest things out Street Fi-di-damn, bring 'em out, bring 'em out Who then? LV on her shoulder What else? She look right in the Rover What else? In the club never sober You ballers, we the niggaz on the posters Rock star sho' Sonny Bono I'm a Cowboy so Tony Romo Shakedown shorty, that's the logo Feel free, fuck the po'-po' [Nicki Minaj] Hopped off the boat, I am such an immigrant Why he get Nicki Minaj tied up on his ligament? Wait, just for the record get wetter than fisherman Pull up with some 26's up under the Michelins You know I pop pop pop it like a pistol That's why I keep my wrist lookin like a disco And everywhere I go they tell me that I'm pretty My money slow my money stupid money ditsy Mami you bad but Nicki is badder Step your cookies up; go get you a ladder We do it early like Cheerios and a bagel I feel freer than the slaves on the railroad You think I'm lyin? I feel like I'm flyin I feel like I'm finally free I'm free... I'm freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Can Anybody Hear Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro with interpolation The Williams Brothers] (PAY ATTENTION!) {"If you move, I'll fall"} D Bond on the beat {"I'm leanin on you, you baby, you baby"} Yo, yo (*TRAPAHOLICS*) [Nicki Minaj] I push, p-p-push it, I push it like I'm in labor And he'll t-t-teach me to, teach me to love my neighbor Just w-w-wait up, I'm processin all the data Processin all the data, p-p-processin all the haters You was writin disses, I was takin pictures Signin autographs for all of my bad bitches And in the nick of time it just dawned on I am Nicki Minaj, and it's all on me But hey, maybe I'll never win, maybe I'm settlin Can't let the devil in I'm a comic book heroine But when the wind blows, I'm so Marilyn I'm so Marilyn {*echoes*} Write it down take a picture, bitches e-mail that I came to save a thing called female rap .. But I hope my ninja powers don't fuck around and offend you cowards You mad at me cause you think I got it easy If we was in the second grade then you would tease me You see you still a lil snotty nose hoodrat I love Nicki scribbled all over your book bag .. I love you too I just wish your mother would've hugged you too .. You know Nicki luh da kids Yellow brick road lookin for The Wiz But when it rains, it pours for real Def Jam said I'm no Lauryn Hill Can't rap and sing on the same CD The public won't get it, they got ADD See Nicki, follow the rules Always say your prayers, and get ready for school Yeah follow the rules Let me say my prayers and get ready for school Dear God, I am only what you made me And I appreciate everything that you gave me But like, I don't wanna do it no more Sort of lost sight of what I'm doin it for Thought that I was doin somethin good for the game Until they all started throwin dirt on my name Tell Debbie, I really really tried that I said I'm sorry, but I had to say goodbye Tell Fendi, I'll never forget him And please tell Wayne, I'll always be indebted I'll never forget it Please tell Wayne, I'll always be indebted [Outro: repeat 4X] AYYYY! Can anybody hear me? (APHILLIATES NIGGA!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Envy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] "Nigga holla at your boy" See I think y'all see the similarities now Me and Nicki we both like money We both run the streets, and our HATERS Aw man~! Y'all make us do what we do!! ("Aphilliates nigga, pay attention") [Chorus: Nicki Minaj singing] Envy, all they do is envy, don't they know what's in me? Don't they know I'm comin back, swingin fo' that Envy, why would they offend me? Why they go against me? Don't they know I'm comin back, swingin fo' that ass Swah-swingin fo', sah-sah-sah-swingin fo' {*4X*} (Mercy, mercy, mercy; why they wanna curse me, curse me, curse me?) (Thirsty, thirsty, thirsty; why they wanna curse me, curse me, curse me?) {HOLIDAY SEASON!!} [Nicki Minaj] Now every club promoter wanna bid like auctions Cause I pack shows, sell ticks like Boston Pat your back ho, why the fuck they coughin? Oh I got 'em sick, better get that coffin I say coffin, you can say casket They're so trash, but where's the waste basket? Where's my hat and where's my straight jacket? Yep they jackin, back to Maybachin Everything I do bitches wanna do it too I guess-guess you'll just skip to my lou I just came through I flew to St. Lou Back to kill you, they blew like HQ Why is it that they make Nicki a target? Just cause this lil' piggy went to the market Marketing steps, they marketed sex Ma-mark it with a X, they talkin them checks now, now, now [Nicki Minaj] Yo - why did envy? Why you go against me? When I got trendy, why you ain't commend me? Why when I needed it, why you couldn't lend me? Why you was secretive, frontin like you friendly? Why did you fear that? Held my career back Kick it like Air Max, I don't wanna hear that Cause now I see-see-see-see all your run-down Niggaz better have my money by sun down Cause now when I come through I'm stylin on 'em It's like I got hotter than islands on 'em They say she got colder than igloos - did she? I'm in a GT, she in a Mitsubishi Just left Mr. Miyagi Tell that bitch jump if that bitch feel froggy Cause I got one leg up in the middle of the ring And that bitch better duck when that bell go DING~! ("Yo, it's The Aphilliates nigga, pay attention") [repeat 2X] I'm me, don't you like what you see? Won't you get like me? Cause you thought that I would die But I'm fine [Outro] {*"Fine" echoes*} I'm on the go, I'm on the go but But dem a try to stop my flow yup Yup yup yup, I'm fine, I'm fine [Chorus] up to "swingin fo' that ass" ("The Aphilliates, nigga!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Beam Me Up Scotty Song: Outro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Shout out to S B the hype man And Joe the Boss and Bimi, and umm My darling big sister Monie Love Umm shouts out to my entertainment laywers and my accountants Umm shout out to Southside, Jamaica, Queens New York City, everybody that shows me lots of love in Philly and Connecticut and Rhode Island and y'know Ohio and, yeah everywhere I go there's just so much love So I love you girls SO much And, y'know shout out to all my Africans y'know Because they bootleg my mixtape out in Nigeria Hit up Amadou, he can make the Cartier-a And shout out YouTube dot com forward slash Nicki Minaj TB MySpace dot com foward slash Nicki Minaj A shout out to WorldStarHipHop, um for keeping me so relevant, in a world of irrelevant bitches Just y'know be a bad bitch, never be a stupid bitch Step your pussy up and all that Am I forgetting somebody? I'm not forgetting anybody am I? Oh you know what you're right Somebody brought the name up I don't know if they'll even understand Do they even know this guy, out here in the United States? Umm, a little dude named, Dwayne Carter Dwayne Michael Carter, umm, y'know He runs a label called Young Money Entertainment And umm, y'know, he's my sensei and I'm the ninja And umm, I love him very very fuckin much And umm, y'know, just have to shout him out Say thank you for EVERYTHING you've done Y'know cause we're totally 'bout to take the globe by storm So, umm, I can't wait. Bye! (*"HOLIDAY SEASON!!"*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj  Album: Pink Friday Song: I'm the Best Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Verse 1] Uh, yo, yo It was back in '07, did a couple of tapes Did a couple of DVDs, made a couple of mistakes Didn't know what I was doin but I put on the cap Now its which world's whores should I go undertake See you told me I'd lose but I won I might cop a million Jimmy jewels just for fun 'Cause bitches couldn't take what was in me, Australia, Sydney Might run up in Disney, out in L.A. with Lindsay Got the eye of the tiger, the lion of Judah Now it's me in my time, it's just me in my prime Everythin I tried to teach 'em they gon' see it in time Tell 'em bitches get a stick, I'm done leadin the blind I got two shows tonight, that's Brooklyn and Dallas Then the private party at the Buckingham Palace Which means I gotta fly like a movie, no commercial Its Young Money, Cash Money, yeah I'm Universal I hear they comin for me Because the top is lonely What the, they gon' say What the, they gon' say I'm the baddest bitch doin it, doin it I'm the baddest bitch doin it, doin it I'm the be-be-be-be I'm the be-be-be-be I'm the best [Verse 2] Uh-huh, yo, yo, yo, yo I remember when I couldn't buy my mother a couch Now am sittin at the close and bought my mother a house You could never understand why I grind like I do Makiah and Jaloney, why I grind like I do 'Cause even when my daddy was on crack, I was crack Now the whole album crack, you ain't gotta skip a track I ain't gotta get a plaq', I ain't gotta get awards I just walk up out the door, all the girls will applaud All the girls will come in, as long as they understand That am fightin for the girls that never thought they could win But before they could begin, you told them it was the end But I am here to reverse the curse that they live in Got two bones to pick, I'ma only choose one You might get a dress on the second album Which means you can breathe 'til I motherfuckin say so To all my bad bitches, I can see your halo [Outro] Its okay, its okay Long as you know, long as you know Long as you motherfuckin know I'm the be-be-be-be-be-be [Chorus] + (Nicki Minaj ad-libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Eminem Album: Pink Friday Song: Roman's Revenge Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nicki Minaj] I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin So far ahead, these bums is laggin See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin I'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon RAHHH RAHHH, like a dungeon dragon I'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon Look at my show footage how these girls be spazzin  So fuck I look like gettin back to a has-been? Yeah I said it, has-been Hang it up, flat screen Ha ha... plasma "Hey Nicki, hey Nicki!" Asthma I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine I got bars.. sentencin I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt And I'll kick that hoe, punt! Forced trauma.. blunt You play the back, bitch I'm in the front You need a job, this ain't cuttin it Nicki Minaj, is who you ain't fuckin with You lil' braggart I'll beat you with a padded lock I am a movie, camera block You out of work, I know it's tough ... But enough is enough [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon  Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon [Eminem] I ain't into S&M, but my whip's off the chain A little drop of candy paint drips off the frame Twisted-ass mind got a pretzel for a brain An eraser for a head, fuckin pencil for a frame! You don't like it then peel off bitch Every last woman on Earth I'll kill off And I still wouldn't fuck you slut so wipe the smile on your grill off I swear to God I'll piss a Happy Meal off Get the wheels turnin, spin the wheel off Snap the axle in half, bust the tie rod Quit hollerin "Why God?" He ain't got shit to do with it, bygones will never be bygones, so won't be finished swallowin my wad I ain't finished blowin it, nice bra Hope it'll fit a tough titty bitch, life's hard I swear to God life is a dumb blond white broad with fake tits and a bad dye job who just spit in my fuckin face and called me a fuckin tightwad So finally I broke down and bought her an iPod and caught her stealin my music, so I tied her arms and legs to the bed, set up the camera and pissed twice on her Look, two pees and a tripod! The moral to the story is life's treatin you like dry sod Kick it back in its face, my God It's Shady and Nicki Minaj, you might find the sight quite odd But don't ask why bitch {ask why not} The world, world, is my punchin bag and If I'm, garbage you're a bunch of maggots Make that face, go on scrunch it up at me Show me the target so I can lunge and attack it! Like a {rahh, rahh} like a dungeon dragon You fell off, off, they musta bumped your wagon You musta went off the back, I'm 'bout to go off the deep end Told you to stay in your lane, you just jumped in traffic [Nicki Minaj] I-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-is this the thanks that I get for puttin you bitches on? Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone? Should've sent a Thank You note, you little hoe Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow "N-N-Nicki, she just mad cause you took the spot" W-w-word? That bitch mad cause I took the spot? Well bitch, if you ain't shittin then get off the pot Got some niggaz out in Brooklyn that'll off your top I-I-I-I hear the mumblin, I hear the cacklin I got 'em scared, shook, panickin Overseas, church, Vatican You at a stand, still, mannequin You wanna sleep on ME? Overnight? I'm the motherfuckin boss, overwrite And when I pull up, VROOM, motorbike Now all my niggaz get buck, overbite I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's Raggedy Anns, holes in your knee-highs I call the play, now do you see why? These bitches callin me MANNING, Eli (Manninnnnng!) Ma Ma Ma-Ma-Ma MANNING, Eli (Eliiiiiiiiiiii!) These bitches callin me MANNING, ELI! [Eminem] Wa, wa, wa, wa, wa-wa-wa-wa-wa All you lil' faggots can suck it No homo but I'ma stick it to 'em like refrigerator magnets And I'm crooked enough to make strait-jackets BEND Yeah, look who's back again bitch, keep actin as if you have the same passion I have Yeah right, still hungry my ass, you ass-dicks had gastric bypass Ain't hot enough to set fire to dry grass And 'bout as violent as hair on eyelids {eyelash!} Go take a flying leap of faith off a fuckin balcony 'fore I shove a falcon wing up your fly ass You know what time it is so why ask? When Shady and Nicki's world's clash when {high class} meets {white trash} [Outro: Nicki] Roman, Roman! Stop it, stop it! You've gone mad, mad I tell you, mad! You and this boy Slim Shady, what's going on? They'll lock you away, they'll put you in a jail cell I promise, take your mother's warning Roman pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeease Back to bed, run along Let's go, come on Wash your mouth out with soap boys {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Did It On'em Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em [Verse 1] All these bitches is my sons and I'ma go and get some bibs for 'em a couple formulas, little pretty lids on 'em If i had a dick, I would pull it out and piss on 'em Let me shake it off I just signed a couple deals i might break you off and we ain't making up I don't need a mediator Just let them bums blow steam, radiator Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em [Verse 2] This stone is flawless F1 I keep shooters up top in the F1 a lot of bitches beggin' me to eff one but I'ma eat them rap bitches when the chef come Throw some fresh one's more talent in my mu'fuckin left thumb she a'int a Nicki fan then the bitch def dumb you a'int my son you my muthafuckin step-son Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em [Verse 3] All these bitches is my sons and I a'int talking 'bout Phoenix bitch I get money so I do's what i pleases I live where the muthafuckin pools and the trees is broke bitches so crusty (disgust me) gave the bitch a ride got the Continental dusty trust me I keep a couple hundred in the duff' b couple wet wipes case a bum try to touch me (EW) Im the terminator bitch talk slick I'ma have to terminate her These little nappy headed hoes need a perminator you my seed I spray you with germinator Move back bugs matter fact you know the queen could use a back rub If you could turn back time, Cher You used the be here but now you gone Nair Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em Shitted on 'em, man I just shitted on 'em Shitted on 'em, put yo' number two's in the air if you did it on 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Right Thru Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Youuuu seeeee riiiight throooough meeee How do you do that shit? {*3X*} How do you? {*5X*} [Nicki Minaj] You let me win, you let me ride You let me rock, you let me slide And when they lookin, you let me hide Defend my honor, protect my pride The good advice, I always hated But lookin back, it made me greater You always told me, forget the haters Just get my money, just get my weight up Know when I'm lyin, know when I'm cryin It's like you got it, down to a science Why am I tryin? No you ain't buyin I tried to fight it, back with defiance You make me laugh, you make me hoarse from yellin at you, and gettin at you Pickin up dishes, throwin them at you Why are you speakin, when no one asked you? [Chorus] - 2X [Nicki Minaj] What are we doin? Could you see through me? Cause you say "Nicki," and I say "Who me?" And you say "No you," and I say "Screw you" Then you start dressin, and you start leavin And I start cryin, and I start screamin The heavy breathin, well what's the reason? Always get the reaction you wanted I'm actually frontin, I'm askin you somethin - yo! Answer this question, class is in session Tired of lettin, passive aggression control my mind, capture my soul Okay you're right, just let it go Okay you got it, it's in the can Before I played it, you knew my hand You could turn a free throw to a goal Nigga got the peephole to my soul [Chorus] - 2X [Nicki Minaj] STOP! (oooooh) STOP! (oohhhh) Would you just stop lookin through me cause I can't take it No I can't take it [Outro: Nicki Minaj] Youuuu seeeee riiiight throooough meeee You see right through me baby You see right through me (do that shit) You see right through me (how do you do that shit) How do you (do that) how do you (do that) How do you (do that) how do you (do that) Baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Rihanna Album: Pink Friday Song: Fly Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Rihanna] I came to win, to fight, to conquer, to thrive I came to win, to survive, to prosper, to rise To flyyyyy-yyyyy-yyyyy-yyyyyyyyyyyy To flyyyyy-yyyyy-yyyyy-yyyyyyyyyyyy [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, yo, yo I wish today it would rain all day Maybe that'll kinda make the pain go away Tryin to forgive you for abandonin me Prayin but I think I'm still an angel away Angel away, yeah strange in a way Maybe that is why I chase strangers away They got they guns out aimin at me But I become Neo when they aimin at me Me, me, me against them Me against enemies, me against friends Somehow they both seem to become one A sea full of sharks and they all smell blood They start comin, and I start risin Must be surprisin, I'm just surmisin I win, thrive, soar, higher Higher, higher, more, fire~! [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, yo, yo Everybody wanna try to box me in Suffocatin every time it locks me in Paintin they own pictures then they crop me in But I will remain where the top begins Cause I am not a word, I am not a line I am not a girl that can ever be defined I am not fly, I am levitation I represent an entire generation I hear the criticism loud and clear That is how I know that the time is near See we become alive in the time of fear And I ain't got no motherfuckin time to spare Cry my eyes out for days upon days Such a heavy burden placed upon me But when you go hard your nay's become yay's Yankee Stadium with Jay's and Kanye's [Nicki Minaj] Get ready for it {*3X*} I came to win Get ready for it {*3X*} I came to win The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj  Album: Pink Friday Song: Save Me Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Nicki Minaj] I drove for miles, just to find you and myself All these screams, al these voices in my head You gave me strength, gave me hope for a lifetime I am for once satisfied [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself givin up, givin up This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself givin up, givin up Givin up... givin up Givin up [Nicki Minaj] It's not your fault, am a bitch, am a monster Yes am a beast and I feast, when I conquer What, am alone on my throne, all these witches I came this way, all this way just to say [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself givin up, givin up This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself givin up, givin up Givin up... givin up Givin up [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] + ad-libs Am givin up baby, am givin up baby Am givin up baby, this time won't you save me This time won't you save me [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself givin up, givin up This time won't you save me This time won't you save me Baby I can feel myself givin up, givin up Givin up... givin up Givin up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Drake Album: Pink Friday Song: Moment 4 Life Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Nicki Minaj] I fly with the stars in the skies, I am no longer tryin to survive I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive Don't worry about me and who I fire I get with that desire, its my empire And yes I call the shots, I'm the umpire I sprinkle holy water upon the vampire In this very moment am king In this very moment I slay Goliath with the sling This very moment I bring, put it on everythin That I will retire with the ring And I will retire with the crown, yes No am not lucky am blessed, yes Clap for the heavyweight champ, me But I couldn't do it all alone, we Young Money raised me, grew about in Basely Southside, Jamaica, Queens is crazy 'Cause am still hood, Hollywood couldn't change me Shout out to my haters sorry that you couldn't faze me Ain't bein cocky we just vindicated Best believe that we done this moment will be syndicated I don't know, this night just remind me of Everythin they deprive me of Put your drinks up It's a celebration everytime we link up We done did everythin they could think of Greatness is what we on the brink of [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] I wish that I could have this moment to life To life... .to life 'Cause in this moment I just feel so alive Alive... .alive  {*I can have this moment- repeat 8x in background*} I wish that I could have this moment to life  To life... .to life This is my moment I just feel so alive Alive... .alive [Drake] Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh Would I tell them hoes bow bow bow to me, drop down to your knees Young Money the mafia that's word to Lil' Cease I'm in a Dominican, Big Papi on tees Doin talkin practice, all these bitches is same in the please Shout out to the CEO, 500 Degreez Shout out to the OBO wearin some fatigues, ohh Niggaz wanna be friends, how coincidental They supposed to be out here, we ain't get the memo A young king, pay me a gold Forty got a bunch of weed he ain't even roll These niggaz be droppin songs they ain't even cold Weezy on top of that nigga he ain't even home, yet Yeah, be very afraid These other rappers gettin bodied and carried away Fuck it, me and Nicki Nick gettin married today And all you bitches that be hatin can catch the bouquet Ooh, yeah, you are a star in my eyes You and all them white girls, party of five Are we drinkin a little more, I can hardly decide I can't believe we really made it, I'm partly surprised I swear, damn this one for the books Man, I swear this shit is as fun as it looks Man, I'm really tryna make it more than what it is 'Cause everybody dies, but not everybody lives [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] I wish that I could have this moment for life For life... .to life 'Cause in this moment I just feel so alive Alive... .alive  {*I can have this moment- repeat 8x in background*} I wish that I could have this moment for life  For life... .to life This is my moment I just feel so alive Alive... .alive [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] This is my moment, I waited all my life I can tell its time Driftin away I'm, one with the sunset I have become alive [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] I wish that I could have this moment for life For life... .for life 'Cause in this moment I just feel so alive Alive... .alive {*I can have this moment- repeat 8x in background*} I wish that I could have this moment for life  For life... .for life This is my moment I just feel so alive Alive... .alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ will.i.am (Black Eyed Peas) Album: Pink Friday Song: Check it Out Typed by: DorisaK760@gmail.com Intro: Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh... [Nicki Minaj] Step, Step, Step up in the party like my name was that bitch All these haters mad because I'm so established They know I'm a beast, yeah I'm a fucking savage Haters you could kill yourself In my space shuttle and I'm not coming down I'm in stereo and she's just so monotone Sometimes it's just me and all my bottles all alone I ain't coming back this time I can't believe it, its so amazing This club is heated this spot is blazing I can't believe it, this beat it banging I can't believe it, I cant believe it [Nicki Minaj] Dun, Dun, Dun The sun done, Yep, the sun done, came up but we still up in dungeon The dun dun, Yep in London Compeition why yes, I would love some How the fuck the getting mad cause they run dun Mad cause I'm getting money in abundance Man I cant even count all these hundreds Duffle bag everytime I go to Suntrust I leave the rest just to collect in-trust I mean interest, fuck my nemesis Exclamation, just to emphasize & I don't sympathize Cause you a simple bitch, I just pop up on you hoes On some pimple shit and but the iron to your face You ol' wrinkle bitch [will.i.am] Oh we just to kill it, we on the radio, hotter than a skillet We in the club making party people holler Money in the bank, yea we gettin top dollar I'm big baller, you a little smaller Step up to my level need to grow a little taller You a chihuahua, I'm a rottweiler I can't believe it ... {*repeat*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Kanye West Album: Pink Friday Song: Blazin Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Intro: Nicki Minaj] I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin, I'm blazin, feels like I'm blazin I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin, I'm blazin, feels like I'm blazin Feels like I'm [Nicki Minaj] How could it be, little me Had the power to be the best B, in the league Yeah inevitably, but could it be little me You was hecklin me, now it's monotony when I regularly Yo, I catch wreck on recreation, so I exceed all your expectations Because I got it in 'em, I kill 'em and then I skin 'em the contract was on but I am the addendum So wh-where my dawgs at, Randy Ma-ma-matter fact, get off my dick bitch, Andy Ca-ca-ca-cause everythin is fine and dandy Go against me nooooow, I dare you, Bambi Half a million dollars just to upgrade the car show I ain't even detonate the palms and the arsenal Before the storm comes the calm Hope you can take the heat like LeBron ahh, ha hahahaha ha, I'm the best now Anybody where's the money? should invest now Soccer mom needs to organize a pep rall' Your game over bitch, Gatorade, wet towel Muh'fuckers aint ready, they neva been As long as I am in the game, you'll never win I'm on that different type of high, heroin Put on my cape and hit the sky, heroine I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin, I'm blazin, feels like I'm blazin I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin, I'm blazin, feels like I'm blazin I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin, I'm blazin, feels like I'm blazin I fly, I fly high, I'm blazin, I'm blazin, feels like I'm blazin [Kanye West] Ugh, yea, ugh This is the moment grab your Kodak while I'm flyin  With a flow that is the greatest throwback since that Nolan Ryan And the days been craze and the nights even wilder And the lights even brighter, baby stand next to my fire Only higher is Messiah or notes from Mariah 'rari six hundred horses, that's my chariot of fire? Where we flyin, they can't find us all them broke days behind us I just took your whole life and redesigned it I think I'm Marc Jacobs, I think I'm Lagerfeld I think without makeup, you still bad as hell I'ma grab your waist then, I'ma grab your face and Then I'ma taste it, then I'ma blaze it Hello all my bad girls, this just in Yeezy hurt the beat like he fucked her best friend  And she let him back in, and he just did it again He crazy, he blazin, he off the deep end I'm blazin' I'm flagrant, Im crazy I'm sayin Too much for the world so they abbreviate him His past is a fac, his stats is amaze Her dress is just per' uhh, Prada coloured babes It obvi' we the ishh and I'm rollin with my bricks So real you so trill, baby everything legit How you feel, they say we crazed cause our styles so diff' They be jail when we in the mag lookin magnif' As if I aint used Magnums on your favourite bad bitch Fuck these background niggas I was tryna adlib Add this, we blazin', Nicki what you think I got two White Russians but we also need some drinks ah hahahaha [Bridge] It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' It feels like I'm blazin', blazin', blazin', blazin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj  Album: Pink Friday Song: Here I Am Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Nicki Minaj] Why is it that you can only see the worst in me I swear sometimes it feels like it nurtures me But to keep I all real is kinda hurtin me I can say am done with it but it lurks in me So I'ma just tell myself that it works for me Take a real long drive in the Mercedez And I might pop a couple of them purple seeds Yeah that will make me transform to Hercules [Hook] Here I am, here I am So take me as I am Here I am, here I am So take me as I am Here I am, here I am So take me as I am [Nicki Minaj] I swear to God man everythin in life is old And the only thing that change is the price of gold Even in the after life, I'ma fight your soul 'Cause the second time around I'll be twice as gold So do you take me to be who I am To have in a hole 'til death do us part 'Cause if not, it's just best we both part 'Cause how am I supposed to finish what you start You got me thinkin twice to just breathe And you say I won't survive if I leave But I got a couple of tricks up my sleeve I no longer need your attention, at least It's a joke, it's a game Why am I still keepin score I'm in pain, I'm ashamed I'm a woman, hear me roar It's a joke, it's a game Why am I still keepin score I'm in pain, I'm ashamed I'm a woman, hear me roar [repeat Chorus] [Nicki Minaj] Here I am Here I am, here I am So take me as I am The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj  Album: Pink Friday Song: Dear Old Nicki Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Verse 1- Nicki Minaj] Maybe you tired 'cause everybody askin where you at I tried to channel you in hopes that I could steer you back But this like every intersection we just missed each other You got your fans waitin, tell me you ain't six feet under And tell me that you comin back and you just took a break Maybe I blamed you for everythin that was my mistake In hindsight, I loved your hornets and I loved your edge 'Cause it was you who talked me down from jumpin off the ledge Your earrings bamboo, your long nails too Your BMW everytime you came through You was the Braveheart, you stole Wayne heart You never switched it up, you played the same part But I need to grow and I needed to know Were there some things inside of me that I needed to show So I just deaded you, left you in all black But dear Old Nicki (please call back) [Chorus- Nicki Minaj] You told me, you'd come when I needed you And you said it so sweetly, I believed you But I'm standin here callin, I can't see you But I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you to that [Verse 2] Did I chase the gleams and glimmer, money, fame and power 'Cause if so that will forever go down my lamest hour I shoulda kept you with me, gettin at them nameless cowards They was no match for you, couldn't defeat your powers I had to make them changes, I hope you understood You see for every bad I did a ton of good But you was underground and I was main stream I live the life now that we would day-dream My only wish is you come enjoy it with me Get on them conference calls go meet the lawyers with me The money came yeah, I tripled it, quadrupled it But I still miss us when we was just on some stupid shit And its still fuck the media They ridiculed you, never believed in ya They just deaded you, left you in all black  But dear Old Nicki (please call back) [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] Yes I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you  And yes I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you  And yes I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you to that And yes I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you  And yes I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you  And yes I'm holdin you, holdin you, holdin you to that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Your Love Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Shawty Imma only tell you this once, you the illest (dat for dat dat dude) And for your lovin' Imma Die Hard like Bruce Willis (bah ba dah dah oh) You got spark, you, you got spunk You, you got something all the girls want You're like a candy store And I'm a toddler You got me wantin' more and ma ma more of Your love, your love (yeah) {repeat 4x} Your love, your love {repeat 4x} [Nicki Minaj] He the type to pop tags and be cockin the brim Might breeze through The Ave, might stop at the gym And he keep a du rag, keep his wave on swim Wa waves on swim so they hate on him Anyway I think I met him sometime before In a different life or where I record I mean he was Adam, I think I was Eve But my vision ends with the apple on the tree 'S' on my chest cuz I'm ready to save him Ready to give up on anybody that plays him And I think I love him, I love him, just like I raised him When he call me mama, lil mama, I call him baby [Nicki Minaj] He the type to keep a couple hundred grand in a rubberband Just left Money Gram in the lemon Lam' Hot damn make me scream like Summer Jam I mean that nigga must be from the motherland Anyway I think I met him in the sky When I was a Geisha he was a Samurai Somehow I understood him when he spoke Thai Never spoke lies and he never broke fly 'S' on my chest let me get my cape on He's so thugged out, Ghostface and Raekwon Convict, just like Akon Cuz you know the snitches be putting the jake on Find me in the dark I'll be in the stars Find me in your heart I'm in need of your love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Last Chance Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Yeah yeah Oooooh yeah Yo, I could've been had fame Jumps shot with a stupid ass aim Cause you couldn't get around the last name So my crossover wins the last game And it's ill, right Switched up the flow, but it's still right Go back to that, yea I still might I'mma just do me, when it feel right, uh You can bring it any day Natural Bad Ass, NBA That's my initials That's why officials Don't blow the whistle Bang Bang the pistol And I'm bossy Can't keep these hoes up off me Damn the flow nasty, coffee Don't you do like the Pope and cross me Chorus: Yea this is my last chance ohhh, last chance ohhh Yea this is my last chance, then shoot I'm ready to shoot I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready, I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready, I'm ready to shooooot I'm ready to shoot I get it in though No sexual inuendo Nobody that I can just depend on Until I touchdown in the end zone And then they come out like roaches Pa Peck Pecking away like vultures But little did they know Distribute the payroll Pick up the outfit, pick out the single Sadly, I'm so business savvy Similar protocol but the templates vary Never been like me and never been like this My flows are crisis They scream in high pitch Uh, gun cock, pause And I'm well aware of the gun laws Telling 'em that I'm gunning for the top, Forbes Headed to the top dot org Chorus: Yea this is my last chance ohhh, last chance ohhh Yea this is my last chance, then shoot I'm ready to shoot I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shooooot I'm ready to shoot All the days of my life I have been waiting for this time Could you believe now it's right before my eyes Anybody trying to stop me better not fuck with me this time Shoot, I am ready to shoot into the sky Chorus: Yea this is my last chance (ohhh), last chance (ohhh) Yea this is my last chance, then shoot I'm ready to shoot I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shoot (ready to shoot) I'm ready to shooooot I'm ready to shoot I've only one chance one bullet in the gun This is my life and I only got one yea The safeties off and I put it on stun Ohh stick 'em up, stick 'em up (ready to shoot) I've only one chance one bullet in the gun This is my life and I only got one yea The safeties off and I put it on stun Ohh stick 'em up, stick 'em up (ready to shoot) Yeah yeah I'm ready to shoot This is my life and I only got one yea The safeties off and I put it on stun Get ready I'm ready to shoot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Super Bass Typed by: lanabeezy0831@gmail.com [Verse 1] This one is for the boys with the booming system Top down, AC with the cooling system When he come up in the club, he be blazin up Got stacks on deck like he savin up And he ill, he real, he might gotta deal He pop bottles and he got the right kind of bill He cold, he dope, he might sell coke He always in the air, but he never fly coach He a muthafuckin trip, trip, sailor of the ship, ship When he make it drip, drip, kiss him on the lip, lip That's the kind of dude I was lookin for And yes you'll get slapped if you're lookin hoe I said, excuse me you're a hell of a guy I mean my, my, my, my you're like pelican fly I mean, you're so shy and I'm loving your tie You're like slicker than the guy with the thing on his eye, oh Yes I did, yes I did, somebody please tell him who the eff I is I am Nicki Minaj, I mack them dudes up Back coupes up and chuck the deuce up [Hook] Boy you got my heartbeat runnin away Beating like a drum and it's coming your way Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, aye He got that super bass, boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, aye Yeah that's that super bass Boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, he got that super bass boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, ooh that's that super bass [Verse 2] This one is for the boys in the polos Entrepeneur niggas and them moguls He could ball with the crew, he could solo But I think I like him better when he dolo And I think I like him better with the fitted cap on He ain't even gotta try to put the mack on He just gotta give me that look, when he give me that look Then the panties comin' off, off, uh Excuse me, you're a hell of a guy You know I really got a thing for American guys I mean, sigh, sickening eyes I can tell that you're in touch with your feminine side Yes I did, yes I did, somebody please tell him who the eff I is I am Nicki Minaj, I mack them dudes up Back coupes up and chuck the deuce up [Hook] [Bridge] See I need you in my life for me to stay No, no, no, no, no I know you'll stay No, no, no, no, no don't go away Boy you got my heartbeat runnin' away Don't you hear that heartbeat comin' your way Oh it be like, boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bay Can't you hear that boom, badoom, boom, boom, badoom, boom, bay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Blow Ya Mind Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Chorus: She said her name was Nicki She came to play and her body was sick yea She kill when she walk, so sexy when she talk Oh you know she gonna blow ya mind Okay. Nicki Verse: Ayo yo yo yo yo yo ayo Did these niggas fall and bump they little heads I got em like ah which one of dem mama dead Cause when they get sick they start to cough bread So ( coughing sounds) just cough up that bread Ya body look right, plus we crop heads The rolls Royce phantom yep the drop head And that just goes to show im that bitch I 26' inched the rims with black lips Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem In there, in there all in your in ear Boy I put this pussy all on your chinny chin chin-ear Chorus: She said her name was Nicki She came to play and her body was sick yea She kill when she walk, so sexy when she talk Oh you know she gonna blow ya mind Okay. Nicki Verse: Yo yo yo yo yo yo Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa Tell that nigga not to drink no more Thinkin that he hot, he really just so so That's just a ridiculous mofo fuck I look like? (all that) Pull up in the (all black) Suede on my (floor mat) Bad chick (format) Rose( call dat) Don't expect a (call back) Cause im international tell em to call me Borat Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem Now this is the anthem, this, this is the anthem In there, in there all in your in ear Boy I put this pussy all on your chinny chin chin-ear Chorus: She said her name was Nicki She came to play and her body was sick yea She kill when she walk, so sexy when she talk Oh you know she gonna blow ya mind Okay. Nicki What the fuck I look like What the fuck I look like Ima bad motherfucker What the fuck I look like F-f-fuck I look like( What the fuck I look like Ima bad motherfucker What the fuck I look like F-f-fuck I look like What the fuck I look like Ima bad motherfucker What the fuck I look like F-f-fuck I look like What the fuck I look like Ima bad motherfucker What the fuck I look like F-f-fuck I look like Chorus: She said her name was Nicki She came to play and her body was sick yea She kill when she walk, so sexy when she talk Oh you know she gonna blow ya mind Okay. Nicki The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song:  Muny Typed by: lanabeezy0831@gmail.com [Hook] Oh no we don't play wit silly girls All I know is the material girls Gimme the money, the cars and the caseloads The mu-mu-muny, the yen and the pesos The mu-mu-muny, the mu-mu-muny The mu-mu-muny, yen and the pesos The mu-mu-muny, the mu-mu-muny The mu-mu-muny, yen and the pesos The mu-mu-muny, the mu-mu-muny The mu-mu-muny, yen and the pesos The mu-mu-muny, the mu-mu-muny The mu-mu-muny, yen and the pesos The mu-mu-mu mu-muny, the mu-mu mu-mu-muny [Verse 1] Told y'all on Drake shit, told y'all to fixate Bitches want my old shit, buy my old mixtape I ain't fuckin wit you bum bitches no mo Always in the club lookin like a bozo Talkin bout money we can have a conversation Top 5 tax bracket in the population Hatin and I know they gotta reason why I ain't gotta wonder if I wanna lease or buy And I dictate how I'm gone piece da pie I ain't talkin bout no muthafuckin pizza pie Cause I keep a bad bitch, booty big and the waist thin Seen his little +weiner+ but we don't like Nathan's Nah, homie you gone need a bigger cock-pit Cause when I fly, I be right behind the cockpit [Nicki Minaj spoken] Aye yo Captain, aye yo Cap I, I don't wanna hear that Navigation baby pa huh I'm tryin, I'm tryin get some sleep, ya dig? [Hook] [Verse 2] I'm in the UK, but just for one day Who's to say I won't come back again Materialistic, I'm narcissistic My shoe game is mean, it's so sadistic I took a lear jet to cop some lipstick Yeah Imma risk it, I'm optimistic I sip my Rose, you sip ya Mystic My flows a biscuit short of a picnic Okay, Versace pythons, Louis aviators Balenciagas and they gotta be the gladiators Chanel lambskin, vintage Vanson I'm on the bike doin wheelies in a mansion A lot of bad bitches on the pole dancin Gucci bag just to put the Coke cans in [Nicki Minaj spoken] Hey yo, Anna, huh huh Hey yo Anna Wintour Huh huh Imma need that cover baby girl It's Pink Friday, ya dig [Hook] Material, I'm always on that new shit Material, this shit is exclusive Material, material world for material girls (girls, girls, girls) Material, don't ever the the truth bent Material, I could get you the blueprint Material, material world for material girls (girls, girls, girls) Material, material, ma-ma-material Material, material, ma-ma-material Material, material, ma-ma-material girls [repeat] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Girls Fall Like Dominoes Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (da-da-Dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (d-d-Dominoes)(dominoes) (d-d-dominoes) (Verse 1) Yo, Ayo, Ayo I'ma need 69 real bad girls for my tour bus Somebody get security to escort us They go the long way, but we take the shortcuts Gimme the blonde hair, long weave, short cuts You know the flow sick came in on the small bus So get the d-cups c-cups small bust They judge me like the girls on trial But every time that I come out it's just girls gone wild Got the domino affect, in the front row passing out With little bikini tops, they got they X's hanging out Say my shoe game nuts, so I call em cashews Every other city is a Nicki tatoo Steal Wayne girls, I steal Drake girls You kno da real bitches, let me fuck da fake girls So if you pretty I sign titties I got da key to eight muthafuckin cities These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (da-da-Dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (d-d-Dominoes)(dominoes) (d-d-Dominoes) (Verse 2) Okay so wen I'm in da hills I hang with Kristen Kavaleri And wen I'm in Miami I'm with Kourtney, Kim, and Khloe And wen I'm in the A I'm with Ciara or it's Keri I'm feeling like a diva then I hit Mariah Carey I'm in the UK I'ma see M.I.A. Super hero by night, Ra Ra rapper by day And if I just wanna talk ima hit up Monique If I need a bad bitch... Angeline Jolie Material girls like Madonna, model for Donatella Ain't nothing you can tell her cuz she get da mozzarella She look just like Rihanna, she work with Wilhelmina Only rock Galliano, she might be Filipino Be sippin' Pellegrino, be watchin' Al Pacino She could prolly sniff a kilo, any way yo Hit up Grace Jones and tell her I said strange I'm out in Paris muthafucka wit Beyonce' These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (da-da-Dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (d-d-Dominoes)(dominoes) (d-d-dominoes) Girls Girls Everyday, from London, Canada and the USA Girls Girls Everyday, from London, Canada and the USA Girls Girls Everyday, from London, Canada and the USA Girls Girls Everyday, from London, Canada and the USA Where my westside girls at, and where my eastside girls at Yo where my northside girls at and where my down south girls at Yo where my westside girls at, and where my eastside girls at Where my up north girls at, now where my down south girls at These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (da-da-Dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (dominoes) These girls fall like dominoes (d-d-Dominoes)(dominoes)(d-d-dominoes) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Wave Ya Hand Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Nicki Minaj - Chorus] Wave Ya Hand if you look good Throw some shade if you look good Wave Ya Hand if you look good Anyway but you look good Wave Ya Hand if you look good Those them shade, if you look good Wave Ya Hand if you look good Anyway but you look good [Verse 1] I tell them bitches anyway 'cause we don't care what none of them (?) say You can't stop me, I'mma fulfil my prophecy I do it, I did it, the proper way I might (?), now watch how we operate bottles on ice, the bottles is on ice the VIP light is hitting us just right so if you getting money just throw it up in the air Your hands in the air, like I was your puppeteer 'cause I, I, I, I'm am Zonlaski call me Barbie yes I'm life size yes I'm humble but yes, why lie I am the reason why these girls go bye bye [Verse 2] OK, now this right here can get me in trouble 'cause when I say I ball I don't mean in a huddle I'm always in a Lamb', never do nothing subtle cause it's Pink Friday hoe, thats there rebuttal 2 guns up, lets blaze it, lets go I keep a lot of money up in the Escrow And when I'm at the game I'm in hte best row I am the baddest bitch in the pet store 'cause I, I, I am Onika And these shoes hear me, Fashionista 'cause these don't come out til its Easter I'm VIP bound with Leighton Meester [Nicki Minaj] Ah ya ya ya yaaaah Ah ya ya ya yaaaah ya ya ya ya ya ya ya yaaaah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday Song: Catch Me Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Extracurricular, parallel to none I am perpendicular Hit 'em with the oh now that's just ridiculous We could've kid up all these particulars That could have been the homicide vehicular You wasn't in to no state to speed off You was buggin out, ya you was p'd off We was just chilling up at the ski loft Thinkin we was on, you telling me we off Your whole vibe changed when you got that call Best of affect they call a snow ball Next thing you know I was running down the hall Saying, "Please come back, I have giving my all." I have given my all Funny how you could always make me feel small I had given my all Catch me, catch me, I think I'm gonna fall My mind is made up, I'm waiting for you I'm waiting on you, waiting, boy My mind is set, I'm waiting on you I'm waiting for you, waiting boy Could you catch me, could you catch me Could you catch me? I am waiting on you to catch me You want it, oh, so bad to prove points But your game always makes me lose points And your game always makes me concur That maybe I should have never taken you from her But with all of the after mentions I am still trapped in your dimension So I will be on the mountain waiting 'cause I am in need of more attention Could've called back just to say some I'm a fall back in the bass drum Please come to destination I'm not doing well, exclamation! You succeeded at your attempts to make me Need you desperately to vindicate me It's funny how you could always make me feel small I have given my all Catch me, catch me, I think I'm gonna fall My mind is made up, I'm waiting for you I'm waiting on you, waiting, boy My mind is set, I'm waiting on you I'm waiting for you, waiting, boy Could you catch me, could you catch me Could you catch me? I am waiting on you to catch me Oh, oh, OK, oh, oh, OK, oh, oh, OK It's whatever you say Eh, eh It's whatever you say Eh, eh My mind is made up, I'm waiting for you I'm waiting on you, waiting, boy My mind is set, I'm waiting on you I'm waiting for you, waiting, boy Could you catch me, could you catch me Could you catch me? I am waiting on you to catch me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Roman Holiday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Take your medication, Roman; take a short vacation, Roman You'll be okay You need to know your station, Roman Some alterations on your clothes and, your brain Take a little break, little break from your sovereignty There is so much you can take, you can take, I know how bad you need a Roman holiday - Roman holiday, a Roman holiday [Nicki Minaj] You done, you tight? You suck at life? You don't want a round three? You done suffered twice? W-w-w-orship the queen and you might could pass Keep it real, these chicks couldn't wipe my huh Anyway, stylist, go get Bulgari; I am the ultimate Svengali You-you bitches can't even spell that You-you hoes buggin, prppel that Let me tell you this sister I am, I am colder than a blister Cause my flow's so sick and I'm a lunatic and this can't be cured with no elixir Cause y'all know who the fuck, what the fuck I do I done put the pressure to every thug I knew Quack quack to a duck and a chicken too Put the hyena in a freakin zoo, BIM~!! [Nicki Minaj] Witch! Twitch! Bitch! Motherfuckin right, this is world war six This right here might make a bitch die And this right here gon' make a bitch cry And if we bein honest, I am such a great guy But guess what I do when a bitch break fly huh? Nuh, nuh, nuh, na-nuh-na-nuh-nuh Ah-huh di-duh, a-nuh-di-da-duh I'ma put her in a dungeon under, under No them bitches ain't eatin, they dyin of hunger Motherfucker I'm meeeeeeee Who the fuck is hoeeeeeeee? And yes, maybe this a type of Tourette's Get my wigs, Terrence, go and get my barrettes [repeat 3X] Cummmm, all ye faithful Joyful and triumphant I am Roman 'til, I'm done [Nicki Minaj] Talkin 'bout me, you talkin about me? I dare a motherfucker to be talkin about me~!! Y'all bitches must be smokin a couple of O-Z They want the outline, I give them a goatee God damn motherfucker~! You talkin about me? I dare a motherfucker to be talkin about me Y'all bitches must be smokin a couple of O-Z I nuh-nuh-nuh and give 'em a goatee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Come on a Cone Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Uhh! Unghh! Bitches ain't serious, man these bitches delirious All these bitches are furious, I just pimp my interiors I just pick up and go, might pick up a hoe Might give conversation, if you kick up the dough Never mind my money; never mind my stacks Every bitch wanna be me, you can find 'em in Saks "Pink Friday" two milli, "Super Bass" triple plat When you see me on Ellen, just admit that I'm winnin Do a show for Versace, they request me by name And if they don't get Nicki, it just won't be the same When I'm sittin with Anna, I'm really sittin with Anna Ain't a metaphor punchline, I'm really sittin with Anna!! Front row in Oscar de la Renta posture Ain't a bitch that could do it, not even my impostor Put these bitches on lockout, where the fuck is your roster? I pull up in that new new, marinara and pasta Shake my head yo I'm mad, ain't a bitch in my zone In the middle of nowhere, I just feel so alone Got the certification, cause it come with the stone But this ice is so cold, it should come on a cone It should come on a cone, it should come on a cone Yeah my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone It should come on a cone, it should come on a cone Cause my ice is so cold, it should come on a cone [Nicki Minaj] 7-Up went and gave, my commercial to Cee-Lo But don't tell them I said it, let's keep it on the d-low If you need you a look, just put me on your song But you know it'll cost, about six figures long But you bitches ain't got it, where the fuck is your budgets? Flying spurs for hers; me I'm fuckin above it And I just got the ghost, and I'm callin it +Casper+ But that is so cold, it belong in Alaska Why the fuck am I stylin? I competes with myself When you win against Nicki, you depleted your wealth And I'm not masturbatin, but I'm feelin myself Paparazzi is waiting, cause them pictures'll sell Now don't you feel a-stupid, yeah that's egg on your face If you weren't so ugly, I'd put my dick in yo' face! {*singing*} Dick in your face; put my dick your face, yeah! [Outro] Ooohh-ooh, dick in your face {*3X*} Put my dick in your face Put my dick in your face, yeah yeah Yeah yeah Yeah yeah-yeh, yeh-yeh, yeh Yeh-yeh, yeh, yeh-yeh, yeh Yeah (YUH~!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Cam'Ron, Rick Ross Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: I Am Your Leader Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Look sucker, this my gun-buttah +Street Fighter+ bitches, this the up-cutter Nunchuk-ah, no time to duck-ah Sign of the cross, cause this is her last supper Play with me, check who came with me I bought a couple nine, plus the K's with me I breeze through queens to check some bad bitches I stunt so hard, assess the dam-ages Cause this that oh, this is that oh And yes I body bitches, go get the ban-dages Yo-yo-y-young yummy, fuck you got for me? I hate a phoney bitch that front that chum-chummy I'm me top shotter, drop the top-topper Big fat pussy, with a icy watch I am your leader, yes I am your leader You not a believer, suck a big dick!! [Nicki Minaj] When I fly, it's one letter and one number You whack hoes could get hot for one summer After that the queen'll still reign here I'm Santa Claus to these hoes without a reindeer Saint Nick, Ross, hey Rick! I just got a toy, cost 850 Now I'm in the hood, niggaz is gettin woodies Hit up Hot Topic, Nicki Minaj hoodies I'm-I'm-I'm a brand, bitch~! I'm a BRAND Go to Harlem, and get Cam It's DipSet, get your dick wet Boarded the big jet, and got a big check Now you tell me, who the fuck is winnin? I'm on my Russell Simmons, Nicki denim Nicki linen [Rick Ross] Ugghh! Jealous niggaz just gossip, watch me tie up my laces Ugghh! Bitches be jockin, tell by the look on they faces Eight digits I'm clocking, a lot of gold in my bracelet Seven figures on watches, I told my momma I made it Made a deal for my project, just give me ten mill' I'm gravy I went back to the projects, did two mill' in Mercedes I get head from your lady, have her bill me later I'm a school with the hustle, just gave Rhianna my pager Heartbreak H	otel, I'm in that A-Rod suite Rolls Royce wood, I'm talkin playoff seat Know that boy busy ballin, I like to play all week Monday night with the +Raw+, I'm +Vince McMahon+ with the beat Powerslammin them hammers, I get you handled for free So where the fuck is her manners? She gives brain while I tweet [Rick Ross over Chorus] DM, in the BM, you see 'em The bucket, you love it, motherfuckers on my dick suck it! [Cam'Ron] Uh~! See the car is European but got imported from Tokyo Lookin like a shark, the nose call it Pinocchio Well off, wealthy, LV, logo Middle of July but the wrist on snow-flow Only do the Aspens, y'all can have the Poconos (Y'all can have that!) I'm Sonny and you my son (could loan ya doe) Ride the whip, five on the hip Live with the pies got nine for the flip High with a bitch, she cry for the dick Oh my know why I'm fly as it gets Now I need an aspirin, she said "You're only Cam'Ron!" Girlfriend you don't know Cam'Ron from nowhere so don't go tamperin You just a nail I hammered, 'nother girl that's on my camera My name you cannot slander at all girl, watch your manners She run and tell her mother, "I think I love him na-na!" Because you sat up on my lap? Nah, I ain't Santa [Cam'Ron over Chorus] Hope they call me Pied Piper, OJ no glove I knife her Never be a lifer, even do Rikers, why would I fight her? Don't even like her [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ 2 Chainz Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Beez in the Trap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Nicki Minaj] Yo! Man... Man, ughh [Chorus 2X: Nicki Minaj] Bitches ain't shit, and they ain't say nothin A hundred motherfuckers can't tell me nothin I beez in the trap, be-beez in the trap I beez in the trap, be-beez in the trap [Nicki Minaj] Man I been did that, man, I been popped off And if she ain't tryin to give it up she get dropped off Let me bust that U-e, bitch bust that open Might spend a couple thou' just to bust that open Rip it off no jokin, like your name Hulk Hogan Niggaz move weight and sell, but live in Hoboken Bitch spit that crack, like I'm in that trap So if you need a hit, then I'm with that bat [2 Chainz] Yo... okayyy~! Okay now Nicki Nicki Nicki, put it in your kidney Got a new LS 450 ain't no keys in this doo-hickey If I weren't rappin I'd be trappin, if I wasn't trappin I'd be pimpin If weren't pimpin I'd be gettin it - period I don't smoke no Bobby, but my denim be from Ricky Got your girl on Molly and we smoke loud and drinkin Got my top back so you can see what I been thinkin If you know, me then you know I've been thinkin Franklins Money, thousands, True Religion trousers Got a private home, started from them public houses Hair weave killer, causin her arousal Audi A8, told them Audi 5000, ugghh!! [Bridge: repeat 2X] Damn~! Damn, what they say about me? I don't know man! Fuck is on your biscuit? If I get hit, swingin on a big bitch I don't know man I'm shittin on your whole life [Chorus] - 1/2 [Nicki Minaj] Man I'm out in Texas, man I'm out in A-town Then I'm up in Chi-town, or Miami shuttin it down It's that New Orleans, it's L.A. or The Bay It's New York, Philly, and the whole DMV I'm a Detroit player, man it's North-South Cacks' Ohio Pittsburgh, that St. Louis on deck It's Delaware, Connecticut, it's New Jersey got hella bricks It's Queens, Brooklyn and yea they wildin Bronx, Harlem, and Staten Island [Chorus] - 1/2 [Bridge] Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: HOV Lane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Zippin, I'm zippin, I'm zippin Soon as they come out I'm dippin Big ass closet, I'm trippin Big booty strippers, I'm tippin Big ass chain, I'm heavy And it didn't cost me a penny They pay me to rock it Damn, I got niggaz in pocket Superbowl; Grammys What a hell of a jammie! All these bitches my sons I'ma get 'em a nanny Argentina for Pepsi; Orlando All-Star Fuck you said bitch?; Fuck you, porn star I don't do shotgun, I be driving my own car I don't do shots neither, I'm buyin the whole bar Holy moley, G copped me a Rolly I ain't catchin the puck but iced out like a goalie nigga [Chorus: repeat 4X] I'm in the HOV lane, I'm in the HOV lane And you, y-you-you, y-you-you Soul Train [Nicki Minaj] I travel more than you walkin with a basketball I'm out in Spain, runnin game to the matador I'm in my own lane, you ain't in my category You like a Rav 4, I'm like the Aventa door Perks and bags, man I merc them ads When I re-up on "Reloaded" I'ma hurt them bad Every shoot is hot, when I'm out I'm spotted They gone frame the receipt if I sign the dotted N-n-niggaz on Banshees is speedin Dirt bikes is out for the season Back break wheelie and leanin Damn, a bitch late for a meetin N-N-NYPD comin Bellbock way, we gunnin Double our engine hummin Actin a fool, we dumbin [Interlude: repeat 2X] N-N-Nintendo and we in the end-zone I don't give a fuck hoe, like we in the friend zone What the fuck it look like? What the fuck it's hittin fo'? Tell them bitches "Y-y-y-y-you ain't about that life!" {*sounds of motorcycles speeding by*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Roman Reloaded Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] {*gun cocks*} Bang, my shit bang, it bang bang B-b-b-bang, my shit bang, it bang bang [Nicki Minaj] Yo, I guess I went commercial, just shot a commercial When I flew to the set though I ain't fly commercial And the ad is global, ya ad is local Where we shot it was a lot of different agricultures So I laugh at hopefuls, Nicki pop Only thing that's pop is my endorsement, ock Fuck around I have to go and reinforce the Glock [Nicki Minaj] Yo, is it me or did I put these rap bitches on the map again? You mad cause I'm at the Grammy's with the Vatican You in the booth but, I'm who you be channellin Why they never bring your name up at the panel then? Hottest MC's, Top 5 You need money? I got mine More knots than Eric on "Basketball Wives" {Ya dig?} [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, I couldn't do your TV show, I needed ten more mil' Not ten on the back, I need ten on signin Give that shit to a washed-up, bitch I'm winnin If I had a label I would never sign you hoes Take bitches to school then I Columbine these hoes I hear the slick shit, bitch you washed All you hoes cryin, Christopher Bosh [Nicki Minaj] Aiyyo, now when I tell 'em that "It's Barbie bitch" Yes I really do mean that it's Barbie bitch Ask Mattel, they auction my Barbie, bitch Raggedy Ann could never be a Barbie, bitch~! You at the bottom of the barrel scrapin I'm out in L.A. at the "Ice Age" tapin Been chillin at the top, I got ample time ... bite me, Apple sign Ha~! [Lil Wayne] Ha ha ha! Yeah! Kush on my breath, cocaine on my tongue Eat that pussy make it numb, she can't feel herself cum Got a body on my gun, fuck the world with my thumb Pop a molly, smoke a blunt - that mean I'm a high roller My ex wanna work it out, bitch try yoga Two hoes in the bed, tell them hoes slide over 'Scuse my French, two bitches and moi that's a Nicki Minaj--trois Ha~! Tunechi [Lil Wayne] Umm, my shit's so cold man it don't even stink-o Destructive ass nigga, watch me break the bank Weezy F, and the F is for Fill in the Blank I say shoutout Mack Maine, back yard bully And the weed purple like a black girl pussy Word, middle finger on the trigger Uhh, so you know that mean {fuck a nigga} [Lil Wayne] Bang bang! My bitch bang, she bang bang Well that's because my bitch is Nina Ross and-and She bangs, b-bang bang, bang bang She go bang, bang bang, bang bang Bang, bang bang, bang bang We bang - we bang, bang bang, b-bang bang B-b-bang, b-bang bang, Blood gang~! HEY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Drake, Nas, Young Jeezy Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Champion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] This a celebration, this is levitation Look at how you winnin now, this to dedication This is meditation, higher education This the official competitor elimination I-I-I-I was takin trips with Web to move weight Came back to Queens to hit up a new state Bitches don't know the half, like they flunked at math Bitches ain't have cut up crack up in the stash 50 Cent, Italian, icy flow This that Run-and-Get-a-Dollar-for-The-Ice-Cream-Cone Cause they killed my little cousin Nicholas but my memories only happy images This is for the hood, this is for the kids This is for the single mothers, niggaz doin bids This one is for Tee-Tee, Tweety, Voila, Sharika Candace, Temby, Lauren, Iesha [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] It's a celebration for the ghetto It's time, time to gooo, ohhhh They know who we are, yhey know who we are Champion, the champions, champion, champion [Drake] Yeah; okay we made it to America I remember when I used to stay with Erica Labor transferred twenty million to Comerica It's fuckin terrible, it's got me actin out of character Young T.O. nigga, either ridin Range or hFerrari top down screamin "Money ain't a thang!" Tell me when I changed girl, but only when I change Cause I live this shit for real, niggaz know me in the game They know! Makin hits in three acre cribs Cookin up tryin to eat, nigga steak and ribs I made a couple stars outta basic chicks Nowadays blow the candles out, don't even make a wish Havin good times, makin good money Lot of bad bitches, but they good to me I make it do the splits for a rap Wish you niggaz good luck, tryin to get where I'm at Straight like that [Young Jeezy] Straight ballin in this bitch, Jeremy Lin; 'Melo Tell me one thing you won't do - settle Give me one word for ya chain - yellow Pocket full of money, black cards - ghetto Critics say I ain't in the game, ain't I? Jizzle how you deal with the fame? Stay high Stay puttin on for the town - mayor What you call a crib in the sky? Player Half a mill' in three weeks, yeah I did it like a champ Momma taught me pride, yes she did it with the stamps Wait a minute, e'rybody pause for the photos Somebody tell these local hatin niggaz I'm global Tell me what I gotta do to get this champagne goin What I gotta do to get this coconut flowin? Don't let me hear Shawn Carter, I'm the ballest of the ace Let me hear them Sean Combs, money gates that's in my place Let's celebrate [Nas] Whattup Nicki~?! It's Nasty, yeah yeah - yeah! I saw my first two million dollars I was twenty-three I'm barely a man, yet I had some killers under me This ain't rated PG, this rated PJ Cause that's where a nigga from, murder on replay My twenty-fourth B-day, I'm sailin to Bimini You can see me on a yacht, blastin 'Pac, little knot, I ain't greedy I'm back to thuggin bitches, back to makin 'em kiss other bitches My man sister like me, I don't fuck my brother sister I just aspire and desire to be different My ten year old plan just one year 'til finish My list went like this, first thing discover the difference in pussy, white, black, latin or other Here's a man who clearly isn't basic Waitin lists just to hear me and witness the greatness Loud laughter, while writing my next chapter Fast cash life, happily ever after, champions The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Chris Brown Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Right By My Side Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nicki Minaj] It all comes, down to this I miss your, morning kiss I won't lie, I'm feelin it You don't know, and I'm missin it I'm so gone, I must admit It's too much, to hold it in I can't say, no more than this I just hope your heart hear me nowwww I let you know, how I'm feelin You own my heart, he just rentin Don't turn away, pay attention I'm pourin out my heart, oh boy~! [Chorus 2X: Nicki Minaj - singing] Iiiii-I, I'm not livin liiiife I'm not livin riiiight I'm not livin if you're not by my side Noo-ohhhh [Chris Brown] Let's meet at, our favorite spot You know the one, right around the block From a nice place, that you love to shop Can you get awayyyy? Care to sit down, let's talk it out One on one, without a crowd I wanna hold your hand, makin love again I need to be near you Gotta let you know, how I'm feelin Own my heart, and she just rentin Don't turn away, pay attention I'm pourin out my, heart girl~! [Nicki Minaj - repeat 2X] I can't eat, I I I, I I can't sleep, I I I, I What I need, I I I, I Is you right, by, my side, I [Nicki Minaj] It-it-it ain't It-it ain't your spit game, it's your dick game that got me walkin 'round ready to wear your big chain I only argue with him, when the Lakers on Other than that I'm gettin my Marc Jacobs on My-my pussy game's so cold that he always seem to come back Cause he know that it be a wrap, when I'm ridin it from the back Wait, oh let me see your phone, cause all them bitches is ratchet And now let me get in my truck, cause all them bitches'll catch it W-w-w-w-w-w-w-wait, damn, there I go again I'll be trippin, I'll be flippin, I'll be so belligerent Man this shit that we be fightin over's so irrelevant I don't even remember though, I was probably hella bent Let's go [Outro: Nicki Minaj] Iiiii-I (whoahh whoahh whoahh) Liiiife (whoahh whoahh whoahh) Riiiight (whoahh whoahh whoahh) If you're not by my side, no-ohhhh I can't eat, I I I, I I can't sleep, I I I, I What I need, I I I, I Is you right, by, my side, I The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Bobby V, Lil Wayne Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Sex in the Lounge Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Bobby V] Yeah, Bobby V yeah Deejay turn me up! Don't you turn this down No no [Nicki Minaj] I think I gave him, a discrete name He replied, with a street name PR, at the Heat game No ball, repeat game He addicted to hustle, I'm addicted to fame Though he packin that muscle, I'm addicted to brain I'm addicted to chillin, make a hell of a killin Don't I stunt on these bitches? Man I'm bad as a villain Get the gun I'ma hunt 'em, when I'm done, I'ma done 'em When we leaving the lounge, I'ma keep it a hundred It went down, 'nuff said~! Pull off in that thing and it's blush red [Chorus: Bobby V] Sex in the lounge, girl I'm gon' take you down I'm gon' have you screamin girl, they gon' hear the sound of our sex in the lounge I can't believe this is happenin to me, girl Happenin to me, girl Oh I [Bobby V] So caught up in this girl, shorty got me all tricked out Can't control myself, cause I'm so into her Cause we doin it like nobody's around And when we doin it, I can hear her make a sound Shorty was in gear, like me Had that girl singin, singin like me She be like oh-oh-ohh, oh-oh-ohh, oh! Oh-I, I, I, I-I-I, I, I, I Whoahhhhhh, she lookin at me like she want it But I'm over here Ohoahhhohhh, she cumin on top of me I'ma make her scream, her scream [Lil Wayne] ... Sit that pussy on my bottom lip Then after that, you know we gotta switch My house so big that bitch came with a lobby We didn't use a rubber, but I came on her body I lay her down and kiss her neck and talk dirty to her Like I get that pussy wetter than a dirty sewer Fuck with me, turn around and bust it open for me Get on that dick and get that money; go Oprah for me All your girls don't like me cause they know you love me But if you scared, go to church, it's open Sunday I-I-I dig, I dig in that pussy, guess what I found? Tunechi Lee and Nicki, sexin around [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Starships Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {RedOne} [Nicki Minaj] Uh! Let's go to the beach, each, let's go get a wave They, say, what they gonna say Have a drink, click, found the Bud Light Bad bitches like me is hard to come by The Patrn, on, let's go get it on The zone-one, yes I'm in the zone Is it two, three? Leave a good tip I'ma blow all my money and don't give two shits Oh! [Bridge] I'm on the floor, floor I love to dance So give me more, more 'til I can't stand Get on the floor, floor like it's your last chance If you want more, more then here I am Starships, were meant flyyyy-y-y-y! Hands up, and touch the sky Can't stop, 'cause we're so hiiii-i-i-igh Let's do, this one more time Starships, were meant flyyyy-y-y-y! Hands up and touch the sky Let's do, this one last tiiii-i-ime! Can't stop.. {We're higher than a MOTHER-...Go!} [Nicki Minaj] Jump in my hooptie-hooptie-hoop - I owwwwn that And I ain't paying my rent this month - I owwwwe that But fuck who you want and fuck who you like That's our life, there's no end in sight Twinkle twinkle little star... Now everybody let me hear you say 'ray 'ray 'ray Come spend all your money 'cause today payday And if you a G, you a G G G My name is Onika, you can call me Nicki [Bridge] Get on the floor, floor like it's your last chance If you want more, more then here I am {We're higher than a MOTHER-...Go!} {We're higher than a MOTHER-...Go!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Pound the Alarm Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus One: Nicki Minaj] Oh-oh-ohhhh! Come fill my glass up a little more We 'bout to get up and burn this floor You know we gettin hotter and hotter Sexy and hotter, let's shut it down [Nicki Minaj] Unnngh Yo~! What I gotta do to show these girls that I own 'em? Some call me Nicki, and some call me Roman Skeezer, please, I'm in Ibiza Whoa! Giuseppe Zanotti, my own sneaker Sexy, sexy, that's all I do If you need a bad bitch let me call a few Cum somewhere in the middle, mini-skirts is out I see some good girls, I'ma turn 'em out Okay bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle, AYYY?! Bottle, sip, bottle, guzzle I'm a bad bitch, no muzzle, let's go! {Music, makes me... high} [Chorus One] [Chorus Two: Nicki Minaj] Pound the alarm! Pound the alarm! [Nicki Minaj] I wanna do it for the night, night So get me now, and knock this over I wanna do it like you like, like Come get me baby; we're not gettin younger I just want you tonight-night Baby we won't do it for life-life {Music, makes me... high} [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] {*4X: "Alarm"*} [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Whip It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Hey, you~! Jump in this ride It's real nice and slippery inside Rise, eyes, come get this pie Ruh-ruh-ride it, ride it in style Said it a minute ago, I did it a minute ago I drop it I pick it slow, I want it I'm kickin it though Cause they know that I got that good shit Said I'm bad, but I could be a good bitch [Chorus One] Please my body, rock my body 'fore you make me go "Na-na-na-na-na, na-na na, na-na-na-me go" Please my body heal my body 'fore you make me go "Na-na-na-na-na, na-na na, na-na-na-me go," we gon' [Chorus Two] Hey! Stranger over there I'm really likin the way, you whip it, whip it Yeah! I want you everyday You're so right, you're so tight You got my world spinnin, you got my world spinnin My head goes round and around R-round and around and now I'm thinkin If we could, be, stranger what you say? I'm really likin that way you whip it whip it whip it whip it... {*2X*: "Na-na-na-na-na, na-na na, na-na-na-me go"} [Nicki Minaj] ... Whoa! Is that my cue? I'm lookin for some brain to boost my IQ I'm like five-two My SAT, scores was high too But I don't mean to brag, I Louis Vuitton bagged them Hopped out the Jag, proceeded to shag-shag them Slim, trim, also light skinned So pe-pe-Peeta, put the pipe in! [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] {*4X*: "Na-na-na-na-na, na-na na, na-na-na-me go"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Automatic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Nicki Minaj] I can't control the way I'm movin my hips Bet you never ever seen it like this I'm a monster on the floor to get with No no it's automatic, it's automatic [Nicki Minaj] It's automatic I'ma run away train And it's likely that I tear up this place When I go, I go hard I'ma show you best side tonight, tonight, ni-i-ight It's automatic my conditions alone There's no remedy and no anidote It's just the way that I am Nicki Nicki so bad tonight, tonight, ni-i-ight [Nicki Minaj] It's automatic some might call it insane I assure I'll be stuck in your brain You'll be fallin for me boy Yeah just like a domino tonight, tonight, ni-i-ight It's automatic when I'm rockin the beat Systematically I'm droppin your heat It's just the way that I am Nicki Nicki so bad tonight, tonight, ni-i-ight [Nicki Minaj] Puh-puh, p-p-press rewind Puh-puh, puh-press rewind I'm-I'm, Einstein I'm the controller, Einstein Wales, London, Ireland Scotland, I can idle in South Africa, and Brazil Shut the club down, bring the bill Bring bring, bring, bring the bill Bri-bri-bri-bring-bring, bring the bill Bring, bring, bring the bill Shut the club down, bring the bill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Beautiful Sinner Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] South Africa is where I come from Get me my banjo, get me my drum Kidnap career and don't take ransom Don't let me come out of my dungeon Want me to la-leave? Then Tay get it done True see me come out of England at dawn True say the pattern come from Kingston Trinidad Trinidad is my island [Nicki singing] I see you in here dancing Your preview is quite romantic I envy your perfect kind of life Who knew, you could be so sexy? I think you're quite fantastic Screw your flaws, you're perfect in my eyes And maybe I'm naive for lovin you You're a cheat and a liar but tonight you're everything I desire You beautiful sinner; I love your wicked heart Beautiful sinner; it's such a work of art I didn't know that bad could look so good You are the type of bad that feels so good - you beautiful sinner [Nicki Minaj] I bet you're heart of stone Living in your world alone I hope you let me in tonight They want me, to beware You're dangerous, I don't care I can't wait, to have you in my arms [Nicki Minaj] Maybe you're the master of disguise and you are Put it on and you're really the saint that good one Are you here to save me from the crowd? If you are, then baby take me now [Outro] Beautiful sinner; I love your wicked heart Beautiful sinner; it's such a work of art I didn't know that bad could look so good You are the type of bad that feels so good - you beautiful sinner The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Marilyn Monroe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] I can be selfish, yeah so impatient Sometimes I feel, like Marilyn Monroe I'm insecure, yeah I make mistakes Sometimes I feel like, I'm at the end of the road I can get low, I can get low Don't know which way is up Yeah I can get high, I can get high Like I could never come down Call it a curse! Or just call me blessed If you can't handle my worst, you ain't gettin my best Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt? (Felt felt felt) Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt (felt felt felt) [Nicki Minaj] It's like all the good things, they fall apart like Like-li-li-like, li-li-Marilyn Monroe Truth is we mess up, 'til we get it right I don't want to end up, lo-lo-losin my soul [Nicki Minaj] Take me, or leave me; I'll never be perfect Believe me I'm worth it So take me or leave me! (So take me or leave me) So take me or leave me! (T-t-take me or leave me) [Outro] Call it a curse! Or just call me blessed If you can't handle my worst, you ain't gettin my best Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt? (Felt felt felt) Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt (felt felt felt) Is this how Marilyn Monroe felt? (Felt felt felt) Must be how Marilyn Monroe felt (felt felt felt) {*record crackling at the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Young Forever Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] I used to think that we'd run away Whenever-lay, pretty summer day I remember when you would say We'd be okay come what may I never knew you would lie to me Took everything, from inside of me Your silhouette in the doorway But before you walk away Just say goodbye, look in my eyes So that I always will remember Frozen in time, always be mine Baby boy you'll be young forever I'll be over here, you'll be over there I'ma shed a tear, but I really don't care Frozen in time, always be mine Baby boy you'll be young forever [Nicki Minaj] I used to think that we'd reunite I'd be your wife, in the real life I thought that you'd come back for me and you would take me away I never knew only as a teen You'd reappear, only in my dream You're so long in the doorway But before you walk away [Nicki Minaj] This is, my, last, cry Is this, the only way? And this is, my, own, prison I'm frozen in time, in time, in time... [Outro] You'll always be mine Frozen in time Young, forever... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Fire Burns Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] You shoulda left... the other day You let me beg... for you to stay This is a sickening joke that you play with my emotions And so I pray you burn in Hell, and you never find the ocean I hope your fire (fire...) fire burns baby I hope your fire (fire...) fire burns baby I hope you lay down in your sleep and you choke on every lie you told And when you're reachin out for me, you'll see you reap everything you sew [Nicki Minaj] You piece of shit... you broke me down Thought you said you... would hold me down But I can see it in your eyes, that you're blinded by the flashing lights And youse a stupid motherfucker for lettin this thing, pass you by, I... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Beenie Man Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Gun Shot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] Mi man, mi say Nuff gyal a road a chase you lately Mi know, the truth But that don't bother me So tell dem gyal dem, oooh And tell ya friend dem, oooh [Chorus One: Nicki Minaj] My gun a go gun shot, in a dem blood claat Hit dem wit it which part any way dem go So tell dem gyal dem knoww, tell dem gyal say yooo My gun go shot, in a dem blood claat Hit dem wit it which part, any way dem go So tell dem gyal dem knoww, mek dem gyal dem know [Nick Minaj] Mi man, you say I'm crazy over you ba-bayy No mat-ter, to us They can't get in between us So tell dem gyal dem, oooh And tell ya friend dem, oooh [Chorus One] [Beenie Man] Zagga! I am de girls dem sugar Sometimes mi girlfriend wonder, hehehehe Lemme tell you somethin Beenie Man, zagga dem! I'm a G (na na na na) The girls them provide the lock for my key You alone, me I pray You fulfill all my desires for me So mi a go tell a gyal, oooh And her friend dem, ooohhh [Chorus Two: Beenie Man] I love it when you're on top, bust another backshot Cause I gotta have dat, so I done run in Me a go tell dem gal yoooo Me a go tell dem gal yooooo Cause I love it when you're on top, bust another backshot Cause I gotta have dat, so I done run in Me a go tell dem gal yoooo Me a go tell dem gal ohhhhh [Beenie Man] Hey hey, hey pretty Nicki! Meet Admiral Dickie Friend dem a tell mi say you have the sticky sticky Gyal how yuh hot, and yuh sexy and pretty Me, yuh cherry mi want picky But it's not every girl in my life I've introduced to my momma But you are the girl I man choose to give honor So when some careless gyal a come with them silly drama Tell dem pause like a sentence, mi usin the comma Mek we visit Marc Jacobs and call the weddin planner for a romantic settin in the middle of di summer Cause love is in di air and it a feel like a winner Now the heart pound in mi chest just like a hammer! [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded Song: Stupid Hoe Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Uh, yo! Yo! [Nicki Minaj] I get it crackin like a bad back Bitch talkin she the queen when she lookin like the lab rat I'm Angelina, you Jennifer C'mon bitch, you see where Brad at Ice my wrists-es, then I piss on bitches You could suck my diz-nick if you take this jizzes You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses Yeah, they know what this is, give bitches the business 'Cause I pull up and I'm stuntin, but I ain't a stuntman Yes, I rock Jordan's, but I ain't a jumpman Bitches play the back because they know I'm the frontman Put me on the dollar, 'cause I'm who they trust-in Aiyyo SB, what the fuck's good? We ship platinum, them bitches is shippin wood Them nappy-headed hoes, but my kitchen good I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish, I wish a bitch woooooooooooooo- ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooould You a stupid hoe, you a you a stupid hoe You a stupid hoe, you a you a stupid hoe You a stupid hoe, you a you a stupid hoe You a stupid hoe, yeah you a you a stupid hoe You a stupid hoe, you a you a stupid hoe (stupid-stupid) You a stupid hoe, you a you a stupid hoe (You stupid-stupid) You a stupid hoe, you a you a stupid hoe (You stupid-stupid) You a stupid hoe (You stupid-stupid), yeah you a you a stupid hoe (You stupid-stupid) [Nicki Minaj] Look Bubbles, go back to your habitat (ah-ah!) MJ callin and I ain't havin that How you gon' be the stunt double to the nigga monkey? On top of that, I'm in the Phantom lookin hella chunky Ice my wrists-es, then I piss on bitches You could suck my diz-nick if you take this jizzes You don't like them disses, give my ass some kisses Yeah, they know what this is, give bitches the business 'Cause I pull up in that Porsche/Portia, but I ain't de Rossi Pretty bitches only could get in my posse Yes, my name is Roman, last name is Zolanski But no relation to Roman Polanski Hey yo Baby Bop, fuck you AND your EP! Who's gassin this hoe? BP? ...Hmm, thinks One two three to the Nicki Minaj blink 'Cause these hoes so busted, hoes is so crusty These bitches is my sons and I don't want custody Hoes so busted, hoes is so crusty These bitches is my sons and I don't want custody [Nicki Minaj] If you cute, then the crew could roll If you sexy, eat my cucka roll Put ya cape on, you a super hoe 2012, Im at the Super Bowl Stupid hoes is my enemy, stupid hoes is so wack Stupid hoe shoulda befriended me, then she coulda prol'ly came back Stupid hoes is my enemy, stupid hoes is so wack Stupid hoe shoulda befriended me, then she coulda prol'ly came back You're a stupid hoe, you're a stupid hoe You're a stuuuu-oooo-oooooh-pid hoooooooe.. and I ain't hit that note  But fuck you stupid hoe, you fuckin stupid hoe! I said fuck a stupid hoe, dat fuckin stupid hoe! I said fuck a stupid hoe, dat fuckin stupid hoe! I said a-fuck a stupid hoe, dat fuckin stupid hoe! (I am the female Weezy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj x David Guetta Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded */Nothing But the Beat Song: Turn Me On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * bonus track on deluxe edition [Nicki Minaj] Doctor doctor, need you back home baby Doctor doctor, where you at? Give me something I need your love, I need your love, I need your lovin You got that kind of medicine that keeps me comin My body needs a hero, come and save me Something tells me you know how to save me I've been feelin weird, oh, oh I need you to come and rescue me [Chorus: repeat 2X] Make me come alive, come on and turn me on Touch me, save my life, come on and turn me on I'm too young to die, come on and turn me on! Turn me on! Turn me on! Turn me on! Turn me on! [Nicki Minaj] Oh you make it, make it right My temperature is super high If I scream, if I cry It's only cause I feel alive My body needs a hero, come and save me Something tells me you know how to save me I've been feelin weird, oh, oh I need you to come and rescue me [Bridge] You've got my life in the palm of your hands (Palm of your hands) Come and save me now, I know you can (I know you can) Uhh, uh~! Da-da-da-da, don't let me die young I just want you to father my young I just want you to be my doctor We could get it crackin chiropractor I-I-I-I, I-I-I-I I-ah-ah-I-I know you can save me, and make me feel alive [Chorus] - 1/2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (Deluxe Edition) Song: Va Va Voom Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nicki Minaj] Just met a boy, just met a boy when He could come inside of my playpen Cause he look like a superstar in the makin So I think that I'm goin in for the takin Hear through the grapevine that he cakin W-w-we could shoot a movie, he could do the tapin B-b-boom boom pow, this thing be shakin I ain't even tryin to find out who he datin [Interlude: Nicki Minaj] Cause I know, he got a wife at home But I need, just one night alone If you keep, playin them g-g-games I'ma run away-ay, I'ma run away-ay-ay [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] I-I-I wanna give you one last option I-I-I wanna give you one last chance If-if you're lookin for the main attraction Just hold on tight and let me do my dance If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom If you got it you got it, you got that boom, boom If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom If you got it you got it, you got that boom, boom [Nicki Minaj] Just met a boy, just met a boy when He could become my little problem Cause he look like he modellin clothes in Dublin So I think that he gettin that green a goblin Hear through the grapevine that he hang low W-w-we could shoot a movie, could bang like Rambo B-b-boom boom pow, this thing's so bingo Wonderin if he can understand my lingo [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Nicki Minaj] Boy I'm in this club slow mo Don't mind if I do (do)... And I can tell you're feelin me from the jump I wanna ride too (too)... You got that hot shit, boy you're blessed Let me feel up on yo' chest Flexin, you the man You the man, one hundred grand The same ol', game go Yes I play it everywhere Come baby lay there, let me stay there Let me show you how I run t'ing in a playground Come and get this VA VA VOOM VOOOOOOM~! (WOO-WOO!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (Deluxe Edition) Song: Masquerade Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nicki Minaj] Feel the, feel the, feel the, feel the beat of the drum Move like you really wanna be number one You can, you can, you can, you can beat out the comp' Run like ya really wanna be at the top Stop - adrenaline rush cause You have been identified as a hustla Topic of discussion but beat it like a percussion and chuck the deuce up, and tell 'em it's just love [Interlude: Nicki Minaj] (Woop-woop!) Damn diggity dawg Let them bums stay mad cause we're livin it up (Woop-woop!) Shelltops is on And I'm poppin like, I'm poppin like I'm poppin some corn And nowwwwww I don't wanna take you if we fall down - don't get upset And nowwwwww It's just the beginning and we'll figure it out, somehowwwwww [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Right nowwwww! Masquerade! Master the merry-go-rouuuuuund! Right nowwwww! Masquerade! Master the merry-go-rouuuuuund! Right nowwwww! It's somethin you create It's never ever too late, it's never ever too laaaaate Right nowwwww! Okay to make a mistake Yeah baby this is your day, it's time to masqueraaaaade [Nicki Minaj] Uhh; face it, face it, feel the bass in your face Hit the finish line, first place in the race Yes~! King Kong on your chest Running and I'm coming, the baton to your left Yup~! You can be who you want Be who you is, never be who you aren't Never, never fold under pressure Desperate times get desperate measure [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, I'ma call you afro cause you're never bald Fuck all you bitches and I'll never call Next day, suck my teste I ain't playin games bitch but checkmate Checkmate checkmate; breaker 1-9 Break-breaker 1-9 Break-breaker 1-9 All my party people let me see you one time Time, time, time, time... {*varied repeats*} [Nicki] Right nowwwww! Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: Up in Flames Typed by: AZ Lyrics We are going up in flames One more night for us to burn brighter We are going up in flames One last time for us to go higher We are going up in flames One more night for us to burn brighter We are going up in flames One last time for us to go higher (Going up in flames) Anyway, lil' nigga don't test the kid Even Maury Povich couldn't test the kid Even R. Kelly couldn't touch the kid And even with all your bars you couldn't text the kid I got a pool that I never even swim in Airports that you bitches never land in They be like what you doing Nicki? Branding Suck a cockpit prepare for landing I'm branding, I ain't talking about Presley I keep a sniper, I ain't talking about Wesley Why these bitches so pressed B? Open my trunk, all I gotta do is press B I'ma violate your asses like Criss Stokes I'm the Sandro paid on a big boat On my way to make a billi like a big goat Pull my dick out case you bitches get a slick throat We are going up in flames One more night for us to burn brighter We are going up in flames One last time for us to go higher We are going up in flames One more night for us to burn brighter We are going up in flames One last time for us to go higher (Going up in flames) Won another round, willing get the ref Got the clothing line popping and the wigs is next When I fly you know G5 is the jet I'm the motherfucking Queen, 'lizabeth Meetings with the president of every network That is what the fuck I call how to network My net worth, that net works Keep my shooters out in Brooklyn where the Nets work Chilling with executives Check the charts, all my winnings are consecutive Trillion dollar deficit but y'all don't hear me though All you bitches deaf as shit Bitches ain't got punchlines or flow I have both and an empire also Sell out shows out in Norway, Oslo This is the Re-Up better cop it while the cost low Flow's sick, I'll slap a patient I'm checking these bitches like an application Cause these bitches trip no navigation So it's off with your head decapitation Send em up in flames like a firemen I do the hiring and I do the firing That boss shit that you talk, I live it And I'm calling a travel If you don't stay on your pivot, bitches We are going up in flames One more night for us to burn brighter We are going up in flames One last time for us to go higher We are going up in flames One more night for us to burn brighter We are going up in flames One last time for us to go higher (Going up in flames) Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: Freedom Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] They'll never thank me for opening doors But they ain't even thank Jesus when he died on the cross Cause your spirit is ungrateful, bitches is so hateful I remain a staple My career's been the pink print When I retire, tell 'em think pink Pink Friday is the imprint And these bitches basic, instinct Oh shit, my commercial's on Did I really body bitches with commercial songs? Did I really prophecy every thing I do? But before I continue let me thank my crew So that was Young Wayne, Mack Maine Baby & Slim came Tez & E.I. told me it wouldn't be in vain Cause prior to me signing I could've went insane And even now I think do I really want this fame Let me get up and go, 700 to go Overseas for a show Everybody get quiet when I'm starting the show Man I'm birthing these artists And I'm starting to show [Hook (x2)] I feel free I feel freedom Why they mad? You should see them Burn a L Cause it's crazy in here Crazy in here Crazy in here [Verse 2] Who I wanna work with? Nobody 99% of dem, is nobody bitches acting like they killing shit, OK When I check these bitches guns, no bodies These niggas is fake fucks and opportunists niggas spend they last dime to say they copped the soonest Why these niggas going broke to get ya approval? Pretty soon, they'll be back up on dem Ramen Noodles B-b-b-bible, Queen is the title And if you are my rival, then that means you're suicidal And if you in the club then it's a Young Money recital I'm just that vital I'm busy, never idle I'm ya idol, I'm ya idol, I'm ya mothafuckin' idol Pink Friday in Macy's Thongs and some pasties (Yo, what other female rapper perfume in there? Cause I must've missed it) 12 milli to kick me feet up Get ready this is the RE-UP [Hook (x2)] I feel free I feel freedom Why they mad? You should see them Burn a L Cause it's crazy in here Crazy in here Crazy in here [Bridge] Mirror, mirror, won't you realize? I just have to decide What you hiding from? What you hiding from? Mirror, mirror, won't you realize? I just have to decide What you hiding from? What you hiding from? Hiding baby Would you, would you Give ya Would you, would you Give ya Would you, would you Give ya all for you [x2] [Hook (x2)] I feel free I feel freedom Why they mad? You should see them Burn a L Cause it's crazy in here Crazy in here Crazy in here Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Parker Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: Hell Yeah Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Hook: Parker (x2)] What we do when we go high? We doin' it all night Ooh the girls, they wanna ride with us tonight I'm in the middle of the club with my niggas and we all fucked up Screamin' hell yeah, hell yeah [Verse 1] Yeah, yeah I ain't see you on the Forbes yet Swear to God, I ain't see you in the stores yet Donatella on the corset Pretty gang in the back of my Corvette Copped my best friends Rangers and Benzes Plus all my menses, Louie V lenses This is how you feel when you winning Man they been rocking with me since the beginning, innin' This is where the stress ends Feel ill when you never got a stress ends Always in the press when Paparazzi in the bushes with the stretch lens Say cheese to that Pull up on the double R, pop clutch on them And them strippers ain't mad when I touch on them Russell Simmons shoe game, put a rush on them Send a GT vodka, sittin' on top, uh Mafia money eatin' seafood pasta VMA's, I was good, dear Front row, yea, always in a good chair The bad gon' boo But the good cheer That's why my pocket on blimp like the good year, yeah Yeah, yeah [Hook: Parker (x2)] What we do when we go high? We doin' it all night Ooh the girls, they wanna ride with us tonight I'm in the middle of the club with my niggas and we all fucked up Screamin' hell yeah, hell yeah [Verse 2] But you're boring as fuck, though Why these bitches in the game so cutthroat? Why they can't just let young Nicki live? Why they gotta feel the wrath to know Nicki is Not playin', boss for real When they go against the kid it's gon' cost for real Came straight from the hood with the cross appeal That's why these big names wanna toss the deal Okay I'll take it, sign on the dotted line But I'm quick to check a bitch if she outta line Shout out Mike, Darnell, and Nigel Why these bums so mad that the queen on idol Huh? Say cheese to that When they see me on the screen check E! for that Bitches lyin' on the kid, I won't leave for that Intimidated by my aura (ora) where Rita at? Send a GT vodka in a helicopter Me and my Japanese bitches in Osaka BET, I was good, dear Front row, yea, always in a good chair Why the fuck would I leave when I'm good here? Let me send a twitpic of my good hair, yeah Yeah, yeah [Hook: Parker (x2)] What we do when we go high? We doin' it all night Ooh the girls, they wanna ride with us tonight I'm in the middle of the club with my niggas and we all fucked up Screamin' hell yeah, hell yeah Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Lil Wayne Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: High School Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Nicki Minaj] He said he came from Jamaica He owned a couple acres A couple fake visas cause he never got his papers Gave up on love, fucking with them heart breakers But he was gettin' money with the movers and the shakers He was mixed with a couple things Ball like a couple rings Bricks in the condo And grams to Sing Sing Left arm, baby mother tatted 5-year bid up north when they ratted Anyway, I felt him, helped him Put him on lock, seat-belt him Took him out to Belgium, welcome Bitches this pretty, that's seldom This box better than the box he was held in I'm Momma Dee in that order I call him Daddy like daughters He like it when I get drunk But I like it when he be sober That's top of the toppa I never fuck with beginners I let him play with my pussy then lick it off of his fingers I'm in the zone [Hook: Nicki Minaj] They holler at me but it's you You, this ain't high school Me, and my crew We can slide through Give it to you whenever you want Whip it whenever you want Baby, it's yours Anywhere, everywhere Baby it's your world Ain't it? Baby it's your world Ain't it? [Verse 2: Lil Wayne] She got a nigga at home And one on the side Best friend is a dyke, they fucked around a few times Her and her momma alike, so all they do is fight I tell her make me some money, she tell me make her a wife I tell her, "bitch, you crazy. Fuck wrong with you?" And excuse my french, but I'm a long kisser And then she try to tell me I'm the only one that's hittin' And I say, "What about them niggas?" She say, "What about them niggas?" You right, what you doing tonight? Put on something tight Don't judge me, I get life She love me like a brother But fuck me like a husband Pussy like a oven Too hot to put my tongue in All I had to do is rub it The genie out the bottle Pussy so wet, I'ma need goggles She tell me that's it's mine I tell her stop lying Mine and who else? She say worry 'bout yourself Lil Tune [Hook: Nicki Minaj] They holler at me but its you You, this ain't high school Me, and my crew We can slide through Give it to you whenever you want Whip it whenever you want Baby, it's yours Anywhere, everywhere Baby it's your world Ain't it? Baby it's your world Ain't it? [Outro: Nicki Minaj] I know you want it, boy I see you tryin' Just keep on pushin' I'ma let you slide in Just close your eyes and This horizon It's ready, come get you some Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Ciara Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: I'm Legit Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Ciara - Hook x2] I-I-I'm the shit With no makeup Don't have to curl my hair up All this booty here mine I'mma dolla worth a dime Real bosses stand up Ladies throw your hands up And say I know I'm cute I know I'm fly You ask me why Cause I'm the shit [Nicki Minaj - Verse 1] Beat em like they stole something Beat em like they stole something All this booty here got them dreaming Let me hold something Lemme lemme hear that boy Lemme lemme wear that boy Let me get the most expensive car And let me steer that boy Real big pretty titty Shut down any city If you want the kit kitty Gotta get the kit for me All new everything Plus pay the rent fo' me If we in the wilderness Bitches pitch a tent for me Tent for me tent for me get my body Long hair no make up doing pilates Those niggas don't stop up my danceanatti All them bitches is my sons but who's the daddy I-I graduate with honors I ball Nate O' Conner I did a freestyle then I got a shoutout from Obamer Yes, Yes I am ill I go in for the kill Hoes is my sons birth control I am on the pill What I gotta do what I gotta do to 'em Step up in the club everybody like who 'dem Girls girls me and my girls Watcha done did I need some referrals Motherfuckers know I'm the shit legit And if a motherfucker doubt he can suck my dick I tell 'em everybody else is my opposite I put 'em on the gang gimme 5 percent [Ciara - Hook x2] I-I-I'm the shit With no makeup Don't have to curl my hair up All this booty here mine I'mma dolla worth a dime Real bosses stand up Ladies throw your hands up And say I know I'm cute I know I'm fly You ask me why Cause I'm the shit [Nicki Minaj - Verse 2] I'm like really famous I got a famous anus No not Famous Amos All this famous heinous Lemme lemme here that boy Lemme lemme wear that boy All this money coming in But I never share that boy No lipstick no lashes out But I got a real big ol ratchet though I said dude yo dude you packing out He said he want good box like Pacquiao I said well my name Nicki and it's nice to meet ya If ya really wanna know I give ya my procedure Got a whole bunch of pretty gang in my clique And we lookin for some ballers alopecia I hate wack niggas I should really slap niggas These niggas tripping when I put them on the map niggas How you gonna break that How you gonna fake that Ain't at no wedding but all my girls caked high Sleeping on me no mattress though Imma burn the beat down no matches though No they can't keep up they molasses slow I'm the greatest Queens bitch with the Cashis flow L-L-Looking at me like it's my fault T-T-Trying take sneak pictures wit their iPhone I like independent bitches like July 4th Now that's what young Harriet died for [Ciara - Hook x2] I-I-I'm the shit With no makeup Don't have to curl my hair up All this booty here mine I'mma dolla worth a dime Real bosses stand up Ladies throw your hands up And say I know I'm cute I know I'm fly You ask me why Cause I'm the shit Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Thomas Brinx, Tyga Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: I Endorse These Strippers Typed by: AZ Lyrics Now, I endorse this message I endorse this message I am Nicki Minaj and I support this message [x2] Now, I endorse these strippers I endorse these strippers I am Nicki Minaj and I support these strippers [x2] I endorse young Mitt, I am young Nick Your panties all in a bunch, well you can suck my dick All these chicks are ridiculous Conversations is frivolous Man, fuck all these bitches I am a polygamist Playing with me pussy I am just that bored I mean we coulda went shopping But what could you afford? I bus the band in the pit My money can't fit in clips I tell the hoes when they strip That they can play with my clit Ooooh boobs boobs boobs boobs lotta boobs Man I make the baddest bitches send me nudes I ain't got no time for your silly feuds I'm wit pretty gang at Sue's,rendezvous Batman, I'm Robin, hoes I tell them bitches yo, vamanos! These hoes my sons, I'm papa though I feed them bitches wit papa dough I'm tropical, you comical Bitch read my muthafuckin' chronicle You my son, son, prodigal And you adopted, not even biological I endorse this message I endorse this message I am Nicki Minaj and I support this message [x2] I endorse these strippers I endorse these strippers I am Nicki Minaj and I support these strippers [x2] [Tyga] Hey bitch, I'm T-Raw Get on that pole and free fall Heard my best friend fucked with you I said, That's cool, now you do too. Gettin' head in the carpool Her mouth draw like our school Anaconda, part 2 I pull it out, that's all you, all you I'm tryna smash, I got the cash, she got the ass Now tell your friends I'm a lil nigga wit a big one, ain't tryna brag I'm Eli in that strip club, that money, got a quarter back I make a hike, go long, first down, that's 10 racks She said I can't fuck for free I told her that's cool by me Said I can't fuck for free She gon' probably have to pay me Gettin dizzy all I do is spin White ghost I'm floatin' She up and down that pole But she ain't votin' I endorse this message I endorse this message I am Nicki Minaj and I support this message [x2] I endorse these strippers I endorse these strippers I am Nicki Minaj and I support these strippers [x2] [Thomas Brinx] Now I endorse this paper, I endorse this liquor I bust a van in the bip and I support these strippers She bust it down to a split, she got a horse ass with her She tryna bring home a friend and I enforce that nigga I threw like 4 stacks nigga and then 4 more stacks nigga I'm only just gettin' started, I blew a porsche that minute It's king of diamonds so starless onyx, my whore got bitter Cuz I ain't call her this mornin', she almost torched my shit When I hit a shopping spree oh shit I ball Sorry but you can't get these at Lenox mall Nah ho, this ain't clearance at americana This that boy you better cuff ya baby mama Copy, kinko, for Nicki show that pink hole Drop it bust it open on the head, Ochocinco I support these ratchet bitches and I treat em right She fucked me to get to Nicki, that's that shit I like I endorse this message I endorse this message I am Nicki Minaj and I support this message [x2] I endorse these strippers I endorse these strippers I am Nicki Minaj and I support these strippers [x2] Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Cassie Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded - The Re-Up Song: The Boys Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Nicki Minaj] P-p-p-p punch line Queen, no boxer though Might pull up in a Porsche, no boxster though Tell a hater,"Yo, don't you got cocks to blow?" Tell 'em Kangaroo Nick, I'll box a ho Th-sai-they said I got 5 in a possible Don't go against Nicki, Impossible I done came through with my wrist on Popsicle Man these hoes couldn't ball with a Tosticle Nigga-nigga-nigga-nigga [Cassie] Your lipstick stain Smells like a cheap hotel Diamond watches and a gold chain Can't make my frown turn around [Cassie] The boys always spending all their money on love The boys always spending all their money on love They wanna touch it, taste it, see it, feel it Bone it, own it, Yeah yeah Dollar, dollar, paper chase it get that money Yeah yeah You get high, fuck a bunch of girls And then cry on top of the world I hope you have the time of your life I hope I don't lose it tonight [Verse 2: Nicki Minaj] Ba-ba-ba-ba bald head pussy got lots of juice Lop-sided on the curb so I block the coupes Watch the deuce Man I'm stingy with my cuttie cat daddy Did you ever really love me stevie Rrrrrrr Pull up in the Rrrrrrr Wrist on Burrrrr Pussy on Purrrr Rrrrr I don't even brake when I'm backing up I'll swerve on a nigga if he acting up I done pushed more sixes then a play date Get money by the millions, fuck a day rate Nigga-nigga-nigga-nigga [Cassie] Your bossed up swag Got 'em drooling like a new born babe The dollars in they eyes Got 'em blinded by a Masquerade [Cassie] The boys always spending all their money on love The boys always spending all their money on love They wanna touch it, taste it, see it, feel it Bone it, own it, yeah yeah Dollar, dollar, paper chase it get that money Yeah yeah You get high, fuck a bunch of girls And then cry on top of the world I hope you have the time of your life I hope I don't lose it tonight [Verse 3: Nicki Minaj] I put all you bitches on to them good lace fronts Girls is my sons, carried them for 8 months And yes you're Pre-Mature Young Money to the Core I might give you a ticket so you can come see the tour Oh that's your new girl? That's that Mid Grade Buck 50 on yo face with the switch blade Or the Razor Yeah the Razor She my son yeah But I ain't Raise her Goose me hater I get that Loose leaf paper Them V-Necks be studded out T-Rex be gutted out I told 'em Nicki be chilling them Imma keep hurting they feelings Because you'll never be Jordan You couldn't even be Pippen You couldn't even be tripping You can't afford a vacation I'm out in Haiti with Haitians I go to Asia with Asians You mad dusty, you a lil dusty possum I just come through with the six like my name was Blossom [Cassie] You get high, fuck a bunch of girls And then cry on top of the world I hope you have the time of your life I hope I don't lose it tonight [Repeat] The boys always spending all their money on love [x4] [Nicki Minaj Speaking] Uh huh, Pretty Gang, Young Money, Cassie, Cassie, Cassie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj Album: Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (Deluxe Edition) Song: Va Va Voom Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Nicki Minaj] Just met a boy, just met a boy when He could come inside of my playpen Cause he look like a superstar in the makin So I think that I'm goin in for the takin Hear through the grapevine that he cakin W-w-we could shoot a movie, he could do the tapin B-b-boom boom pow, this thing be shakin I ain't even tryin to find out who he datin [Interlude: Nicki Minaj] Cause I know, he got a wife at home But I need, just one night alone If you keep, playin them g-g-games I'ma run away-ay, I'ma run away-ay-ay [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] I-I-I wanna give you one last option I-I-I wanna give you one last chance If-if you're lookin for the main attraction Just hold on tight and let me do my dance If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom If you got it you got it, you got that boom, boom If you want it I'm gonna be va va voom, voom If you got it you got it, you got that boom, boom [Nicki Minaj] Just met a boy, just met a boy when He could become my little problem Cause he look like he modellin clothes in Dublin So I think that he gettin that green a goblin Hear through the grapevine that he hang low W-w-we could shoot a movie, could bang like Rambo B-b-boom boom pow, this thing's so bingo Wonderin if he can understand my lingo [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Nicki Minaj] Boy I'm in this club slow mo Don't mind if I do (do)... And I can tell you're feelin me from the jump I wanna ride too (too)... You got that hot shit, boy you're blessed Let me feel up on yo' chest Flexin, you the man You the man, one hundred grand The same ol', game go Yes I play it everywhere Come baby lay there, let me stay there Let me show you how I run t'ing in a playground Come and get this VA VA VOOM VOOOOOOM~! (WOO-WOO!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ RU Spits Album: I Just Borrow (S) Song: I Just Borrow Typed by: AZ Lyrics Okay so what's a Barbie to do, I mean? It's like, it's like I'm the baddest Barbie in the fucking world I mean, this is some vintage Nicki Minaj shit, throwback shit I mean come on now it's Barbie bitch! [RU Spits] I don't got a dollar tonight, I'll just borrow Please let me in I'll bring you back tomorrow I'm tryna leave here with America's Top Model And I ain't got to spit no game I pop bottles [Nicki Minaj] I ain't got a man sometimes I do borrow Don't care about your cars, your jewels, or your cash (nope) Make my own ends in a bubblegum Benz I ain't feeling your style but I'll fuck your friend (whoop!) [RU Spits] Trick you crazy Tryna play me Way cooler than AC's Your boy be cakey Roll hard like Stake Key Dimes embrace me Lace me, they bring the whip cream to taste me If I buy you a drink you gotta compensate me Damn girl you bootyful, I mean beautiful Me and you together ain't no telling what we could do Flee for a week or two, you can bring your peoples too Bullshit or not, I ain't even got a reason to When I smoke clear my dear I'm tryna leave with chu Slitho B's the keys, I get the vehicle Pull up to the front I'm a roll another blunt (whoo!) [RU Spits] I don't got a dollar tonight I'll just borrow Please let me in I'll bring you back tomorrow I'm tryna leave here with America's Top Model And I ain't got to spit no game I pop bottles [Nicki Minaj] I ain't got a man sometimes I do borrow Don't care about your cars, your jewels, or your cash (nope) Make my own ends in a bubblegum Benz I ain't feeling your style but I'll fuck your friend [Nicki Minaj] Listen play boy, boy I don't know why you tryna play the girl like a toy, toy I don't care 'bout your ends that you spend boy I'm tryna holla at your friend he a ten boy Look, you see Christian Dior on my tits I don't care if you spit, I don't care if your name RU Spits Nicki you still a brew chick But I rock with cha fella like the S Dot Kidd Niggas wanna know her but a bitch so cocky "Miss bow for her" 'cause my wrists so rocky Who gon' top me? Who gon' stop me? Nickname shippy TV that where they watch me [RU Spits] I don't got a dollar tonight I'll just borrow Please let me in I'll bring you back tomorrow I'm tryna leave here with America's Top Model And I ain't got to spit no game I pop bottles [Nicki Minaj] I ain't got a man sometimes I do borrow Don't care about your cars, your jewels, or your cash (nope) Make my own ends in a bubblegum Benz I ain't feeling your style but I'll fuck your friend [RU Spits] Spits the kid that'll hit em' and dodge I need a chick that me rip right in my homie garage You know the type? [Nicki Minaj] Not Nicki Miraj [RU Spits] Yeah right Let me bring you to a place we can party all night [Nicki Minaj] Look family, I don't think you understand me Hold on a minute tell you what the plan be Think it's 'bout time you moved on to plan B You can catch me, where your man be [RU Spits] Aight, listen boo, you ain't gon' be dissin RU If you feeling my dude let's pull a little switch-a-roo Send your friend over she get hit with some pimpin' too 'Bout to make moves, let me know, what you wan do? [RU Spits] I don't got a dollar tonight I'll just borrow Please let me in I'll bring you back tomorrow I'm tryna leave here with America's Top Model And I ain't got to spit no game I pop bottles The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Sean Garrett Album: Massive Attack 12" Song: Massive Attack Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*whispered*} Shhhh, Alex Da Kid is comin [Nicki] It's Barbie bitches! [Interlude: Sean Garrett] We got Tom-Toms over here bigger than a monsta Bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla We got Tom-Toms over here bigger than a monsta Bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla, bla [Nicki Minaj] Tom-Tom like in Lebanon, hotter than in Pakistan Click click click, young Nick' the atomic bomb Yeahhh, see it then you lick your tongue Bet that, it tastes good, get you some Wicked, got ten bad bitches We sh-sh-shut it DOWN like the club got glitches - dig it? And while you do that GT's pullin up, yeah Spaceship, E.T.'s in the cut, yeah P-pop a bottle just to get my head right Tell the doctor go and get my meds right Monster, you know it wouldn't be proper if we didn't return with a big rocket launcher! [Chorus: Sean Garrett] Massive attack, mmmassive attack Got them bomb bombs make the whole club go back Ayyyy, bet the DJ gon' bring this one back Ayyyy, like the swagger bomb bring on this track, ayy Massive attack, mmmassive attack What's been done done need no more say, that's that Ayyyy, never find me in the club laid back I wanna jump to this jam all night 'til we see the sun [Nicki Minaj] So so hot in here feels like a jungle (yeah) Me don't like boys that ain't jumbo (yeah) One time bust a shot, for my champion girls Tell them guys super-size me a combo Kn-kn-know I got the ammo, that's why I bullet-proofed the Lambo In the Middle East on a camel Runnin through the jungle, Rambo, Liberace tango Swingin on the vine, mango - mango? So call me Simba little mama cause Mufasa couldn't stop her Bitch I fly in on that chopper just to buy Balenciaga It's just me, Mr. Miyagi and the Phantom of the Opera Goin blaka motherfucker got that big, rocket launcher! [Nicki Minaj] Detonatin the bomb, detonate in the fire Ros by the bucket, money makin attire Detonatin the bomb, detonatin them hits Fin' to buy out the bar, all my bitches is rich You better duck when it comes, better duck cause it's comin Best believe me you're on, g-got 'em runnin r-runnin Now tell them rap bitches that Nicki said this We got Tom-Toms over here bigger than a monsta! [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nicki Minaj f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Roman's Revenge (Remix) 12" Song: Roman's Revenge (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com  [Intro: Sample courtesy of "Scenario" by A Tribe Called Quest & Leaders Of The New School] As I combine all the juice from the mind Heel up, wheel up, bring it back, come rewind RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon [Busta Rhymes] The streets been tellin me to get on the remix right?!!!! Heh heh ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Let's get it!!! [Verse One: Nicki Minaj] I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin So far ahead, these bums is laggin See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin I'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon RAHHH RAHHH, like a dungeon dragon I'm startin to feel like a dungeon dragon Look at my show footage how these girls be spazzin  So fuck I look like gettin back to a has-been? Yeah I said it, has-been Hang it up, flat screen Ha ha... plasma "Hey Nicki, hey Nicki!" Asthma I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine I got bars.. sentencin I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt And I'll kick that hoe, punt! Forced trauma.. blunt You play the back, bitch I'm in the front You need a job, this ain't cuttin it Nicki Minaj, is who you ain't fuckin with You lil' braggart I'll beat you with a padded lock I am a movie, camera block You out of work, I know it's tough ... But enough is enough [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon  Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Ra-rahhh rahhh, like a dungeon dragon Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon [Busta Rhymes - over Chorus] Aiyyo somebody go get a theromostat and check my temperature I feel like a got a fever in this muh'fucker!!!! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! [Verse Two: Busta Rhymes] Nicki!!! How you 'gon take my hot line and make it a hot song?! Like I ain't 'posed to come and step on this shit like King Kong!!! See as a child I was born with a old soul See I would breathe heavy flame would shoot out of my nose hole HAAAAAAAA RRRAAHHHHHH!!! Too much shitty diapers Love to play with matchers and drink all the fluid out of lighters From when I was a child I know that most of y'all was triddash I dig in my nose and wipe the biggest BOOGA on your bitch asssssss!!!! Usin your head like fuck what the Lord said Slightly demented with a permanent wrinkle in my forehead Boar's Head beef bitch if you want it then peep lane Mudrer niggas with the fire then bounce to a Heat game Tie you up like bikes to a rail in with a little cheap chain And I'll comfortably hang you from the side of the buildin So niggas see your bitch ass is LAAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMMMMEEEE!!!! "Aiyyo what you cut it off for? Don't you see what I'm doin to this?!" 'Posed to know how I'm directin these flicks The question everywhere is you gettin on the remix? (DAMN RIGHT!!!) 'Cause this is somethin that I fathered and mastered  And plastered 'til they started callin me sick bastard I'm drastic when it comes to remindin niggas who's responsible for the classics And I burn a hole in the street like my liver was acid Everytime I jump on the beat see the shit will get drastic while your gettin yo' ass kicked Like a kick and a punch slap and two chops Kinda like pong ping baduf baf beat him until he diggity 2Pac Mi broke mi ting leave a few match  Rope him and then drag him a few blocks (HORRIBLE) Uh! Uh! Uh! The muscle of the street (MOVE BITCH) Pardon me UH! Shufflin the beat nigga!!! UH! Take a elbow, I'm scufflin to eat Like a nigga that was grindin and was hustlin for weeks So I rushed and rushed, then I blacked Then I came through and I gave the streets crack Controllin the functions throughout the steer EVERYBODY PUT YOUR MOTHERFUCKIN HANDS IN THE AIR!!! (That's how I do 'em) I do the type of shit that niggas can't imagine (Uh Huh!) You know I'm one of the nicest and I ain't braggin (Uh Huh!) I make 'em all surrender 'til they see white flags And they recognize I'm the original dungeon dragon (OK!) RRRRRROAW RRRRRRROAW like a dungeon dragon Change your shitty drawers cause your pants are saggin Try to step to this and I'll twist you to a turban And have you smellin ripe, like some old stale urine GONE!!!! Artist: 2 Chainz f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Based On A T.R.U. Story Song: I Luv Dem Strippers Typed by: Cedmaster3K {M-M-M-M-Marvel} [Intro: 2 Chainz] Uh.. yeah, 2 Chainz! Let's play big bank take little bank (bank) You are looking at a shark in a fish tank (tank) When I'm in the kitchen (when I'm in the kitchen), I make plenty cash (cash) Tell shawty come here, she got plenty ass [Chorus 2X: 2 Chainz] Yeah, I love them strippers (yeah); yeah, I love them strippers (yeah) Yeah, I love them strippers (yeah); yea-yeah, I love them strippers (yeah) In my foreign car, got the trunk by the engine (engine) So when I back back, I'm fronting on you niggas [2 Chainz] First I back-back (back), Louie backpack (pack) Where's Paris Hilton? (Where?) Where's Kat Stacks? (Damn!) I'm Rambo with this ammunition, my camo come from Tru Religion Them broke hoes can't pay attention, your cutie missin', New Edition Mr. Telephone Man... (uh) There's something wrong with my line When I call my baby's number... (uh) I get a click every time (okay) Every line, is dope, you can snort it Working in the pot, I can make you do aerobics (tell em) I'm haterphobic (phobic), they mad cause I'm winnin' (winnin') They busy high and catchin' (catchin'), mad cause I'm pinchin' (pinchin') All my bitches different (different), all my diamonds glistenin' (glistenin') My weed so loud, everybody listen They say it's for the birds, so I bought a kilo (kilo) My Boost Mobile chirping, it must be my amigo - BLRRT, BLRRT~! [Nicki Minaj] 2 Chainz, you fuckin' crazy, motherfuckers know I'm fuckin' crazy Fuck wrong with these bitches lately? Bitches better get on they knees and praise me Bitch, I rep that Rich Gang - where's Stunna? Where's Wayne? That's red on my wristband, SB, Mack Maine Tell Tyga, lookin' for this bitch called Blac Chyna Take a nigga bitch in a hot flash; menopause, hot flash Yes that's why I'm crowned queen, and I ain't lookin' for the prom king These hoes' careers ain't promising, killing these bitches -- crime scene Oooh, that's, how a, bitch, do it Fifty, black, trucks, gonna follow when I, pull up This, shit, hit you in the chin like a pull up My door so cocky, my door so stuck up Oooh, hop up out the space car Bitches stay pressed, I call them a space bar Man I wish a bitch would Hundred-thousand dollar engine, I wish a bitch could [Outro: Nicki Minaj] Wait I don't even think these niggas understood what the fuck I just said I said, hundred-thousand dollar engine I wish a bitch could, like the little engine that could Gehehe, get it? 2 Chainz! Cyeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Christina Aguilera f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Bionic Song: Woohoo Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com You know you really wanna (hey), wanna taste my You know you wanna get a peek wanna see my You know you wanna put your lips where my hips are Kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) All the boys think its cake when they taste my (woohoo) You dont even need a plate, just your face Ha! Licky-licky yum-yum what a great guy Now kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) K-kiss on my, all over my K-k-kiss on my, a-a-all over my [Verse 1] Feel eyes on me everywhere I go Like a little boy up in the candy store Get your craving to get your hands on Give it up before momma says no Imma let you get a little closer Even though I aint suppose to I like it strong when it's long 'cause I'm a little tipsy, play along with me You know you really wanna (hey), wanna taste my You know you wanna get a peek wanna see my You know you wanna put your lips where my hips are Kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) All the boys think its cake when they taste my (woohoo) You dont even need a plate, just your face Ha! Licky-licky yum-yum what a great guy Now kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) K-kiss on my, all over my K-k-kiss on my, a-a-all over my [Verse 2] K-kick ya socks off, your zipping kinda slow Wanna see just how you take It down low Hurry up I wanna see a bit more Take it off before momma gets dull I Know that you love me long time Yeah You wanna take It for a ride Yea I'm feeling bad And I like it I'm a little tipsy play along with me Hey! You know you really wanna (hey), wanna taste my You know you wanna get a peek wanna see my You know you wanna put your lips where my hips are Kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) All the boys think its cake when they taste my (woohoo) You dont even need a plate, just your face Ha ! Licky-licky yum-yum what a great guy Now kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) K-kiss on my, all over my K-k-kiss on my, a-a-all over my [Verse 3] All the ladies up in the place It's your turn Can't fulfill her in the middle of the day Around with words (Ohh Woo ohh Woo Ouu Ou Ohh) I know I probably shouldn't but, uh, I'm feeling good (Ohh Woo ouu Woo Ouu Oo Ou Ohh) I'm a little tipsy play along with me [Nicki Minaj] O-okay, guess who got that mhm-mhm nani-nani In the Mondrian, mhm-mhm, in Miami Whiz Galliano, whip-whip the Armani In the drip-drip, lick-lick like a Lolly Or, left from Jamaica, going foreign couture Jimmy Iovine, Tom Wali and Dior Keep me and Chrissy in Christian Dior But that was before, or, for you My name Nicki, little daddy, and you? You can do anything you put your mind to Way you French kiss it, "franais parlez vous" Way you work your tongue can I hire you? [Chorus with ad-libs from Aguilera] You know you really wanna (hey), wanna taste my You know you wanna get a peek wanna see my You know you wanna put your lips where my hips Are Kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) All the boys think its cake when they taste my (woohoo) You dont even need a plate, just your face Ha ! Licky-licky yum-yum what a great guy Now kiss on my (woohoo) all over my (woohoo) K-kiss on my, all over my K-k-kiss on my, a-a-all over my [Outro] You wanna taste my [x2] You wanna see my (You ready) WooHoo All my ladies say (woohoo) If you gotta great (woohoo) Let him get a peek (woohoo) If you gotta sweet (woohoo) Let me hear you scream (woohoo) But bitches keep it clean (woohoo) WooHoo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Sean f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Dance (A$$) Remix 12" Song: Dance (A$$) (Remix) Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus - Big Sean] w/ (ad-libs) Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass Ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass, ass Stop... now make that motherfucker hammer time like Go stupid, go stupid, go stupid...  [Verse 1 - Big Sean] Wobble-dy wobble-dy, wa-wobble, wobble I'm st-stacking my paper my wallet look like a bible I got girlies half naked, that shit look like the grotto How your waist anorexic and then your ass is colossal Like WHOOP! Drop that ass, make it boomerang Take my belt off, bitch I'm Pootie Tang Tippy taow, tippy tay, you gon' get a tip today Fuck that, you gon' get some dick today I walk in with my crew and I'm breaking they necks I'm looking all good, I'm making her wet They pay me respect they pay me in checks And if she look good she pay me in sex (Do it) Bounce that ass (ass), it's the roundest (roundest) You the best (best), you deserve a crown bitch Right on that... [Chorus] w/ (ad-libs) [Verse 2 - Nicki Minaj] Wobbly wobbly, wo-wo-wobble, wobbin' Ass so fat, all these bitches' pussies is throbbin' Bad bitches, I'm your leader, Phantom by the meter Somebody point me to the best ass-eater Tell 'em "Pussy clean!" I tell them "Pussy squeaky!" Niggas give me brain 'cause all of them niggas geeky If he got a mandingo, then I buy him a dashiki And bust this pussy open in the islands of Waikikiiiiii... Kiss my ass and my anus, 'cause it's +Finally Famous+ And it's finally soft, yeah, it's finally solved I don't know, man, guess them ass shots wore off Bitches ain't poppin', google, my ass Only time you on the net is when you Google my ass Y-y-you fuckin' little whores, fu-f-ckin' up my decors Couldn't get Michael Kors if you was fuckin' Michael Kors B-B-Big Sean, b-boy, how big is yo Gimme all yo' money and gimme all yo' residuals Then slap it on my... [Chorus] w/ (ad-libs) [Bridge - Big Sean] w/ (ad-libs) White girls, Black girls Tall girls, fat girls Shake that ass, (shake that ass), shake that ass, (shake that ass) Shake that ass, (shake that), shake that ass Short girls, small girls  Skinny girls, all girls Shake that ass, (shake that ass), shake that ass, (shake that ass) Shake that ass, (shake that), shake that ass And I want all of that... [Chorus] w/ (ad-libs) Go STUPID! {*echoes until fade*} Artist: Big Sean f/ Juicy J, Nicki Minaj Album: Hall of Fame Song: MILF Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Big Sean] Ok, I love me some of yo mama, (oh) true that (true that) Don't call me daddy, only she can do that Ok, me and yo mama be fuckin, boy you ain't about that You seen her lookin all mad, ain't time for ya nap? You wake up, I'm back, eating up all your snacks Don't ask for help with your math (stupid) Ain't my fault, you can't add Don't be out here fake cryin, lyin Up in the keyhold straight spying Only knock the door if you're dyin I wish I could stay here forever (I love it) You the only reason me and your mama ain't together She's so much better than my old bitch Man, I love that old bitch I do [Chorus: Big Sean] No stress, no drama, her kids hatin, they know I fucked their mama I love ya mama, I love ya mama, I love ya mama, I love ya mama, I love ya mama, I love ya mama [Verse 2: Big Sean] The way she bounce both cheekies Boy, she freaky, shoulda known she was kinky When I walked inside the room and I seen her slinky (wtf) Even made me use my pinky the way she teach me It's just so dreamy, oh God, damn, man I cheat on tests, cheat on hoes I cheat when I can I'm even cheating on my whip, I got a side Benz But she made me wanna cut off all my side friends (I love you, baby) A nigga be tryna taste her, take her They rape her, stand out the daycare sit there and wait there Fuck, I can't even trust the neighbors, damn (what you lookin at?) You niggas stick to your young hoes I got a freak that wash, dry, and fold clothes You motherfuckers [Verse 3: Nicki Minaj] I got my welfare check, smokin on that crack Hell yeah I'm unemployed Baby daddy-down my back Now what you got for me Sean? I heard it's big and it's long I take my teeth out, suck it good That's where your dick belong Yeeeaah, do it like that daddy Pump pump bump bump it in my ass-matic You a dummie, you is big balls (Mom, I'm hungry) Shut your mouth, you little bastards gone All this ass is for you Seany, can I call you Seany? Sl-Sl-Slap me in my face with it Get a crack [?] with that bass in it Cause if I got weed then I'm lacin it Eat all this ass, quit tastin' it [Verse 4: Juicy J] I got yo mama all in my line Bullets all in my 9 Rollie tell the time She ain't yours, she ain't mine Throw a hundred every time I think my coupe just lost its mind Put yo mama on that trippy shit, sippin lean, snorting lines Overseas like bonjour Last ten years I've been on tour And I still got that old money I touch more green than a lawnmower With a ratchet bitch, you laid up I'm on my tour bus fucking mamas getting paid up I take that bitch to my mansion And a nigga can't pay her to leave Yo mama a great head doctor, with no PhD My pockets stuffed with dough I made it all in the streets I might just go to the club, and throw it all on a freak Yo mama Ratchet ass bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Birdman f/ Future, Lil Wayne, Mack Maine, Nicki Minaj Album: Rich Gang Song: Tapout Typed by: riaaaaan89boom [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] If you hatin' you just need some pussy She fucked up when she gave me some pussy I said I fuck you better than that other nigga She say Tune I'm bout to cum, I say Im comin' which ya She don't like them pretty niggas, sidity niggas She ride this dick, her titties jiggle, that's my pillows That's because I sleep in that ho Hit it when I wake up tell the pigs I say osalamalekam ugh My bitch a choosy lover never fuck without a rubber Sweet yellow bone thing I call her honey mustard Pussy like a sea shell, dick like a V-12 She say I drive her crazy, I say just keep on your seatbelt Bend it over bust it open for me Baby bend it over bust it open for me She say she love me she loves this dick Come put that million dollar pussy on me make me rich Tunechi She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow And all I want to do is touch it (oow, oow) Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout [Verse 2:] Crib made her tapout, sauna made her tapout Jet made her tapout, polly with the map out Million on the diamonds, million on the kitchen Millions on the Maybach, glass top ceilings Million dollar pussy, sleepin' on Versace Sleeping on Fendi, sleepin on Cavalli Married to the money, millions in the bank Alexander McQueen rich in the paint I got that fuck you if you love me on some nigga shit She got the million dollar seven figure nigga rich We switch positions like we doin' your business bitch She get the shakin' then stiff She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow And all I want to do is touch it (oow, oow) Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout [Verse 3: Nicki Minaj] Million dollar pussy, million dollar pussy Six inch pumps, play with his balls dunks Ball head yep, don't want no Forrest Gumps Don't let me tell ya twice, already told you once Eat that pussy Who got that baddest pussy on the planet? D-Boyz love me, they don't understand it Million dollar pussy might pounce on that ass Threw them hundreds until I lose count on that ass Max out all of them accounts on that ass Million dollar checks dont bounce on that ass Pull up in that you can't afford this Only rap bitch on the Forbes list Pussy jury make em say burr man R-r-r-rubs hands like Birdman She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow She got that million dollar Million dollar oow, oow And all I want to do is touch it (oow, oow) Make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout And I'm gon' make her tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout, tapout Im in love with Egyptian skin you talkin about my .. I'm in prison with the pussy And I'm ballin no cushion Artist: Birdman f/ Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj Album: Bigga Than Life Song: Y.U. Mad Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Nicki Minaj] {*imitating Lil Wayne*} I told stunna, y'kno They on dat regular-degular, huh-huh! I say me, I'm on that 1.5 on a skinny tire.. [Nicki Minaj] I am the female Weezy, this shit is easy Pull up in that new-new, bitch get a squeegee Yeah my flow's sick, yea-yeah my flow queasy Haha! They was sleepin on me -- Z-ZZ-Z-Z This pussy clean, this pussy squeaky That pussy old, that pussy creaky When I'm out the country, niggaz call me Neeki Hi, how are you? Yes it's nice to meet me Damn, Billboard! HA HA~! I mean I'm winnin but I'm STILL bored, heh! Yeah we shine, gold cluster As for your career - dead, Ghostbusters [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad That's why you mad That's why you, why you mad, mad [Birdman] Bigga Than Life, C4, we the business... Man, FUCK y'all niggaz, get down or lay down Shoot up anything except a school or playground Triple O.G. nigga, these hoes know me Shinin AK, Blood, just like a trophy I'm old school, and I'll smack a bitch Gettin money like a motherfuckin cracker, bitch What you know about it? Take notes, nigga YMCMB head coach, nigga Yeah... stuntman, stuntman Streetsweeper in my hand, get the dustpan Yeah, we done took off nigga Got the game on lock like football, nigga One hunnid [Lil Wayne] {*lights lighter*} Uh, I got the world in my wallet, Swisha full of violet Niggaz think they fly, make me check ya flight mileage That P on my hat is for Piru, not Pirates I bet I can turn her pussy to a fuckin fire hydrant And I do it for my niggaz, my muh'fuckin niggaz 'cause these hoes so thirsty like they got the fuckin hiccups I am beast, hoe, to say the least, hoe No cut on the coke, that's +Coke Zero+ Yeah... tonight, I'll probably fuck another nigga girl Party time, excellent, +Wayne's World+ Ha, this Cash Money, nigga, eat a dick Been had it on lock, gave the key to Nick' Yea... [Outro: Birdman] Yeah, Barbie, you the , baby What it do, one hunnid? YMCMB business, Bigga Than Life Artist: B.o.B f/ Nicki Minaj  Album: Strange Clouds Song: Out of My Mind Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com [Chorus: B.o.B]  I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm  I'm out of my, out of my mind  Out of my fuckin mind  I'm, I'm  I'm out of my, out of my mind  Out of my mind  I'm, I'm  Out of my, out of my mind  I'm, I'm, I'm  I'm out of my fuckin mind  Out of my fuckin mind (Mind, mind, mind)  [Verse 1: B.o.B]  I'm out of my fuckin mind, G-G-golly, oh my  I was doin fine, once upon a time  Then my brain left and it didn't say bye  Don't look at me wrong I'm out of my mind  Like Nostradamus and da Vinci combined  So paranoid of espionage  I'm watchin my doors and checkin my blinds  My brain is on vacation, they tellin me  And I'm bi-polar to the severity  And I need medication, apparently  And some electro-compulsive therapy  I am a rebel but yes I'm so militant  Still I'm eligible for disabilities  I am psychotic but there is no remedy  This is not figurative, this is literally  If these niggaz go dumb, I go to the mental facility  See, man I'm so out there, I slap fives with E.T  I don't need a feature, they don't wanna [?] when I'm on this beat  If you feel the same as me, then you gotta agree (am out of my mind)  [Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]  What's your name? B.o.B?  So, they callin' you Bob?  Stop playin, nigga, you know that I'm known for the Bob  Couple hit songs, got you thinkin you a hearthrob  Well, this thang so good, make a nigga wanna sob (Hmm, hmm)  You don't need a feature?  Nigga, I'm the feature  You gon' be the priest and I'ma be the preacher  You can be the he-m', I'ma be the Shera  You can be the Grim, I'ma be the Reaper  Now, now airplanes in the night skies  Are like shooting stars?  Well, you gon really need a wish right now  When my goons come through and start shooting stars  You know, I'm all about shoes and cars  I'm kinda drunk off blue Bacardi  I told Baby when I get my new advance  I'ma blow that motherfucker on a blue Bugatti  You know, I graduated summa cum laude  That's why they thinkin I'm Illuminati  And matter fact, let's kiss and make-up  I'll help you escape on my blue Ducati  Hallelujah!  [Interlude: B.o.B]  I'm out of it  I can't seem to come out of it  What's going on inside of my head?  It feels like I'm bein John Malkovich  Ladies and gentlemen, please turn it down a bit  There's an announcement, I like to announce (It...)  Wait, how am I'm suppose to announce this shit?  [Verse 3: B.o.B]  I don't need this song, I don't need this nigga  Cause a nigga bring the noise like an onomonopia  Leave him in the dust, all he see is my Adidas  Na na na na boo boo, wouldn't want to be ya  Never turnin back, how you think I got here?  And I'm never slowin down, fuck was that a deer?  If you got a problem, step to the office  Matter fact, never mind, talk to the Kiosk, biatch  You have no idea  That's why they call me B dot been a maniac ever since I was knee-high  Man I swear I'm gonna need help, someone call Charter, maybe call FEMA  Cause I got to be crazy or outta my mind to have this many steps on my VISA, VISA  [Outro: B.o.B]  Wait, if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  And if I'm here and you're there?  [Outro: Nicki Minaj (* B.o.B whispering*)]  Um, yeah, yeah  Nicki, B.o.B, ho  (Shh... they might be listening) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Nicki Minaj Album: #Twerkit (Remix) (S) Song: #Twerkit (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Female] YO!!!! YUH DUN KNOW!!!! THIS TIME WHEN WE COME IN WE COME FI FLATLINE EVERYTING INNA THIS BUMBOCLAAT 'TIL CLASH DUN!!! FI REAL!!!!!!!!! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] (Female) Big man! When mi talk, hear weh yuh fi do Shut yuh mout, listen close, weh we come fi do Shut it dung, lick a shot, blow torch a bun Nuff excitement, see dem frightened watch dem bwoy yah run (FI-FI-FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) Come hear gyal, weh yuh a do, hmmm what a gwaan? Dun wid dat, +Dutty Wine+ Tony Matterhorn Bass a lick yuh, mek it clap, gwaan go tek it off Set di trap, don't fight yuh know yuh skin soft (YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) Siddung pon it, gwaan go fuck it 'til yuh bruk it out So exotic, while yuh suck it watch we fuck it up So weh have it, batty big watch how mi love it up Bend ova and spread and mek mi stick it in and bun it up (FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Verse Two: Busta Rhymes] (Female) Mi seh mi finish wid yuh, pull up yuh pants, gwaan go get yuh friend (FI REAL!!!!!!!!!) Dance dun, come outside, fuck inna di benz Gyal come, enjoy di ride, watch di wey mi stick yuh Welcome! (YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) Tek di dick yuh friend a wait fi yuh Hold on deh, yuh man vex? vegetate di bwoy Shoot what? See my gun will evaporate dat bwoy Leggo dat, See how it sound QUANGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!! Level dat, dung to di ground, PANGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!! (BO! BO! BO!) Nuff a dat, yuh dun know, best a di best Pretty gyal, whole heap a batty and whole heap a breast Physical, how yuh a drop it no one could a test Digital, we Instagram it 'til dem gyal a rest [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Bridge: Female] WHEN WE COME IN WE COME FI FLATLINE EVERYTING INNA THIS BUMBOCLAAT 'TIL CLASH DUN!!! FI REAL!!!!!!!!! [Verse Three: Nicki Minaj] Dutty gyal, when yuh see mi hear weh yuh fi do Bow down! Big chain and it heavy too Respect, how dem gwaan like mi nuh pave way Queen yah, London wait fi di same wave Come here bwoy, bow cat uh, true yuh rich Where yuh wallet? Yeah yuh have it hmmm show mi it Kartel, Beenie Man, Bounty Killer too Roll di weed, plus a dutch or a rizzla too Bruk it out, flip land pon yuh head gyal Brooklyn, when we shoot, neck gyal +Trinidad+ a nuh +James+ mi a chat bout Pussyhole, a wey bitta a whaddat bout?! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it [Verse Four: Busta Rhymes] (Female) And mi seh walk like a champion, swing like a stallion Wid di two big medallion, good, yuh perfect Show dem di action, bad gyal concoction Cool now, relax mon, eh em, yuh nervous Skin out and dun di place, spin 'round and show yuh face Open, and close yuh case, or chuck, and work it Mi seh hold on deh tek time, gyal wine yuh waistline Follow. di bassline, right now, stir it (YUH DUN KNOW!!!!) 'Round like, a bowl of super, 'round like a hula hoop 'Round like yuh batty cute and do it, on purpose Wine like a yard woman, grind like yuh numba ome Jump up, and wave yuh hand mi tink, she know [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] She haffi twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it twerk it  Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Tw-Twerk it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Angels Advocate Song: Up Out My Face (Remix) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com It's not chipped, we're not cracked Oh we're shattered... MARIAHHH Ayyy...ayyyyy Young Money Nicki Minaj Your such a BARBIE [Nicki Minaj] Yo, yo Mariah I was in them million dollar meetings, he was cheatin' All up in the church, he was sneakin' with the deacon Cats away, well the mice will play LOL smiley face, have a nice day Cause POP POP POP, it goes my rubber band So STOP STOP STOP, sniffin' that contraband Cause you was penny pinchin' my accounts laced Attentionnnn, about face [Mariah Carey] I thought we had something special We had something good But I should have had another mechanic under my hood If you see me walking by you Boy don't you even speak Pretend you on the sofa And I'm on the TV Might see me on a poster See me at a show But you won't see me for free Boy this ain't no promo [Bridge] In all shame now Where ever you been laying You can stay now Gotta board the BBJ and pull the shades down I'm on the plane now And don't keep calling from your mama's house When I break, I break boy [Up out my face boy] [x4] When I break [Up out my face boy] [x4] When I break You ain't never gonna feel this thing again You gon' get alot of calls Cause I CC-ed at your friends (Laugh) I ain't walkin' around no more Feeling sad, that ain't even my bad baby I break, when I break, I break MARIAHHH So look who's crying now, BOO HOO HOO Talking 'bout you missing your BOO HOO HOO Oh no you ain't gettin' it I know you ain't hittin' it No you ain't a rapper, so you need to stop spittin' it HA,HA,HA,HA,HA You wondering who I'm messing while you ain't next to me HA,HA,HA,HA,HA So pay the consequences cause you acted all ignorant [Bridge] You ashame now Where ever you been laying you can stay now Gotta board the BBJ and pull the shades down I'm on the plane now And don't keep calling from your mama's house When I break, I break [Nicki Minaj] Yo, stylin' on them big B's Bought the Benz out Elevator, press P for the Pent House Top doe's, we break like tacos Roscoe's, on his knees wit a snot-nose They be like she next Kawasaki T-Rex Give em' some Kleenex Match his little V-Necks Oh that's what he left? Let his mama pick it up Might back up on it, VROOM VROOM wit the pick-up truck That blue and yellow, yeah that's the Carmelo Jag I bob and weave em' Hit em' wit that Mayweather JAB I get the thumbs up, like I'm hailing a yellow cab My flow nuts like M&M's in the yellow bag MARIAHHH When I break I break I break And no super glue can fix this shit When I break I break I break Not even a welder and a builder could rebuild this shit When I break I break I break Not even a nail technician with a whole lot of gel and acrylic Can fix this when I break, I break If we were two Lego blocks Even the Harvard University graduating class of 2010 Couldn't put us back together again When I break [Laughs] UP OUT MY FACE BOY [Nicki Minaj in the background] Better go back to yo mama's house I told you, I put, I put his stuff on the sidewalk and roll over every nook and cranny with a pickup truck like like straight up and down I am Nicki Manij cant say "s" about me Young Money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassie f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Fuck U Silly (S) Song: Fuck U Silly Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Nicki Minaj] Yo Cassie you a bad bitch I'm a call you Lassie Just left the tall ass state Tallahassee Don't mind me even with your GPS could'ntfind me Looking at this boy I'm a call him Mac Dre me I was wondering if he could suck Dick Cheney Got a Lamborgorghini so them doors gone high And I button down Chris Brown bowtie [Cassie] I'm a bad bad woman but you already know I'm hard to handle baby I need a animal You can't understand it I'm so stupid with it boy I'll fuck u silly ay Way out of control, I put it down for sho On the bar on the floor so what you waiting for You can't understand it I'm so stupid with it boy I'll fuck you silly ay You can't even stand it I'm a superwoman boy I'll fuck you silly ay You don't wanna give it away [x2] So hey there cowboy I need a little love And I'm a ride or die so baby giddy up You can't understand it I'm so stupid with it boy I'll fuck you silly ay I make a lot of noise I wake the neighbors up I get it popping daddy 'cause I don't give a what You can't understand it I'm so stupid with it boy I'll fuck you silly ay You can't even stand it I'm a superwoman boy I'll fuck you silly ay You don't wanna give it away [x2] Oh I'm in a position too explicit I'm so bad The best you ever had come try me baby And you can come and get it hop in it make it splash If you can handle that, handle that oh 'Cause I don't wanna get this party popping without you babe, without you babe I let you grab me by the hair and I don't even care who hears me screaming shout oh [Nicki Minaj] Hmmmm... Hmmm... Is that my cue I'm looking for some brain to boost my iq I'm like 5'2 my SAT scores were high too But I don't wanna brag I Louis Vuitton bag em Hopped out the Jag proceded to shag shag them Thought he was a queen I dra-dra-dra-dragged em Dodged to the room and whipped out the magnum Slim trim also light skin now pe-pe-peter put the pipe in Yes sir I am that bitch fuck you silly like the rabbit Giddy up giddy up now wake diddy up diddy up diddy up Young money Nicki bad boy Cassie you wanna minaj now let's get nasty The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Keyshia Cole f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Calling All Hearts Song: I Ain't Thru Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Keyshia Cole] So ain't nobody iller than me And I ain't being cocky I'm just saying It's time for me to do me Time for me to live my life And I ain't worried bout y'all All you hating ass broads With your hating ass fits Hating ass this Hating ass lips So give me my elbow room It's time for me to come through I'm shining like my time, I'm shining like my purse I'm shining like my shoes See I've been here on my grind Doing mine and I ain't through I ain't through I'm a, I'm a, I'm a live it up I'm a, I'm a, I'm a do it up I gotta live it I ain't through (I ain't) I'm a, I'm a, I'm a live it up I'm a, I'm a, I'm a do it up Oh no [Nicki Minaj] B-b-b-b-b bad bitch central Check my credentials Motherfucking right it's Nicki on the intro And I'm even bitchier when I'm on my menstral You ain't even got a credit card for incidental Basic insurance and it don't include dental, Dental, dental, yes bitch I'm mental Plus I'm in the big boy and it's not a rental Shit ain't sweet unless it's the Presidential Y-Y-Y-Y-You a mut Tell her quack quack, she a motherfucking duck, goose She a saturday night live, spoof One thing the coupe never got, roof! Yeah I took the spot she gone, poof! Me and KC, deuce! Stay fly, you can call me "have a safe flight" And my wrist froze, stage fright I ain't through I'm a, I'm a, I'm a live it up I'm a, I'm a, I'm a do it up I gotta live it I ain't through (I ain't) I'm a, I'm a, I'm a live it up I'm a, I'm a, I'm a do it up Oh no [Keyshia Cole] Would you say I'm the baddest right here About to take over yeah this is my year Coming and I ain't gonna stop this here And ain't nobody iller than me I'm on one and I ain't gon stop I ain't gon stop till I reach the top Say it if you know what I'm talking about Let's get this money, let's get this money Yeah So give me my elbow room It's time for me to come through I'm shining like my time, I'm shining like my purse I'm shining like my shoes See I've been here on my grind Doing mine and I ain't through I ain't through I'm a, I'm a, I'm a live it up I'm a, I'm a, I'm a do it up I gotta live it I ain't through (I ain't) I'm a, I'm a, I'm a live it up I'm a, I'm a, I'm a do it up Oh no I go, I go, I go, I go harder I go, I go, I go, I go harder [Nicki Minaj] KC, Nicki Minaj, fuck y'all wack bitches Old ass bitches Hahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Diddy, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: All I Do Is Win 12" Song: All I Do Is Win (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! ['Kiss] AH-HAHHH! [Swizz] Showtime! [Khaled] This the remix [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Swizz Beatz) All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind (yeah) I can never get enough (right) Whenever me and Khaled do the remix (what's up?) Everybody hands go UP! (Ay, SHOWTIME!) And they stay there (bounce) and they say yeah (right) And they stay there (right) up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air (c'mon!) Make 'em stay there! [DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) We the Best music DJ Khaled, I'm goin in! Sittin on the top flo', what you think I'm hot fo'? Every summer drop mo' hits to make my stock go (UP!) Them hands go (UP!) Them fans go (UP!) I'm #1 in this bitch and I'ma (STAY THERE!) We the best of the best, grind while you haters asleep I'm yellin "Free Weezy," I rep the heart of the streets Who hotter than me? Khaled! I'm wearin the crown And we can't stop, won't stop, GO HATE ON ME NOW! [Rick Ross] Teflon Don! I can never get enough when it comes to gettin 'fetti Niggaz ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti Mario Andretti, money comin fast My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass I can never be a racist; wake up every morning  just to count white faces, Neo in +The Matrix+ Glorious as Morpheus, employed all warriors  I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian [Busta Rhymes] + (T-Pain) FIRE AND BRIMSTONE!!!!! Yeah! Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga come to get alot of money when I'm in the buildin and I come Said a ain't no motherfuckin body BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! Uh-huh, ok, niggaz know I got it when I hit you with the pitter-patter Whenever they see me then you hear alot of chitter-chatter Niggaz know there ain't nobody BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! I watch alot of niggaz when I'm in the cut {HUH!!!} So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut {OH!!!} You will crown me king (No matter what!) Get 'em!!! Ok let's shine my friend, get up on my grind again Some niggaz should be happy that I chose to rhyme with them CAUSE!!!!! [Diddy] Aiyyo turn me up man, I want 'em to hear me Aiyyo check this out.. Her heart racing like she snort cocaine (c'mon) I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name {DIDDY}  Got the most paper, Mr. New York Times I'm a natural born winner, nigga New York MINE'S! (Mine!) Everybody gettin money, but I cop the first six (uh-huh) Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch (yeah) Yeah I let you wife her, but she's still my first bitch (that's MY bitch!) It's less than nine digits - nigga THAT ain't fuckin rich, motherfucker! [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, aiyyo all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad? Undisputed, hailin all the way from Trinidad I ain't mad ma, I see you on your bummy swag I'm in that money green Jag, lotta money bags I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare Ask the IRS bitch, I'm payin for your healthcare [Fabolous] LOOK!!! I'ma make this here official, let me clear some issues First off I am not for Brittney Spears initials That's no B.S., at yo' request Lean back you and yo' crew, Fat Joe, T.S. Yeah it's Young Funeral, all black on me So act like summer's over, and fall back homey Winnin is all I do, I'll answer all of you But y'all ain't sayin shit, like prank callers do [Jadakiss] Uhh, uhh, uhh Win, win, win, AH-HAHHH! Uhh, yeah, yo It's already proven I got them birds movin All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin Yellow gold Cuban, nine-mill' ruegin I'll show you what to do with 'em, finish 'em I'm through with 'em They 'gon have to jump me, it's 'gon take a few of them They don't want no problems, they might end up suing them Disassociate yourself, have nothin to do with them We already got it yeah, we tryin to get two of them AH-HAHHH! [Fat Joe] Yeah! Yo... I just blew trial, Crack lots' is Little Italy Your wife, she a screamer, yellin, "Slow down Joe, you killin me!" Beat her like a prize fight, mami I'm a rude boy Dude just hit the Powerball, everyday a new toy  Nigga it's a stick up, a motherfuckin robbery I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me Ridin through Harlem (Harlem!) me and Jeezy pardon me Puffy surfin on the hood for niggaz that keep doubtin me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Future, Nicki Minaj & Rick Ross Album: Suffering From Success Song: I Wanna Be With You Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Intro: Future] + (DJ Khaled) It ain't never me to ball on you (hustlers) It ain't never for me to spoil you (another one) If I adore you, I'mma give you that theory (We The Best Music, DJ KHALED!) Yeah-yeah, yeah; I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you {*3X*} [Nicki Minaj] {*raps*} I wanna be where the commas will be but I need a hood nigga with the llama degree Get the limited edition, Audemars, it could be in a pivotal position, gotta pardon the fee Cause he bought a couple bags and he sent a couple whips and he took a couple trips, then its dinner and a Myx And he's never with no other bitch, fronting like he's slick cause it's levels to this shit and she could never be Nic Niggas be fallin' in love with this pussy, mean stew chicken, and bake him a couple of cookies Dick on veteran, ain't fucking with rookies, shot the High School video now he wanna play hookie Baddest bitch, I'm the catalyst, ain't never been done, bitch I added this Nah, I ain't gotta shoot, I got mad assists, 'bout to put a couple pieces on the mannequin Got a big billboard out in Madison at the Trump, and you bitches at the Radisson Got the .22 on me, and it's thin; shoot movies, Jennifer Aniston {*sings*} You decide you'll be mine you can come inside You the type that can make me prioritize Hittin' my phone, it's alright Hittin' my phone, it's alright You reply, what's your sign? You're a Gemini You deny that you're shy, maybe we should slide? I wanna be with you I wanna be with you, baby [Chorus: Future] Ballin' on you too easy, splurgin' on you too easy Buyin' purses too easy, payin' bills too easy I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you {*4X*} Ballin' on you too easy, splurgin' on you too easy Buyin' cars too easy, poppin' bottles too easy I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you Everything you do is brand new (it's brand new-ew-ew) [Rick Ross] Uhh... {M-M-M-Maybach Music} Make that bad bitch my shorty, hit the club, throw forty My hat big like Unk, my chain drip like water Car paint like tar, I'mma sex her harder Bitch let go my hand gave you the keys as soon as I bought it Voom, voom, oh yeah, big bank, I'm too real My money right in them boys you with be dead broke, two years Checked it, look her, you ain't even know, big deal On site, act right, I shop hard, pack light That ho chick gets you no play, all I talk is cocaine White tee and these rope chains, blow the roof back - Kurt Cobain Phantom cost like four dollar, flo' seats, hoes holla Underground with this pimp shit so smoke one for Port Arthur [Outro: DJ Khaled] + (Future) Suffering From Success You witnessing greatness.. I'm the best that ever did it; I wanna be with you (I wanna be with you, I wanna be with you) {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Chris Brown, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross Album: Kiss the Ring Song: Take it to the Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Khaled] Another one, another one (another one) DJ Khaled! Workin all winter, shinin all summer I ain't no beginner, you scared to take it to the [Chorus: Chris Brown] Take it to the head~! Yeah yeah Don't think about it, be about it, don't be scared  to take it to the head, yeah, yeah yeah Girl you fly, but if I tell you then you might take it to the head I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed One shot, two shots, I'm gone - I take it to the head~! I'm in my zone, damn near got my eyes closed One shot, two shots, I'm gooooone Now we gon' get fucked up, no excuses, no apologies {"Maybach Music"} [Rick Ross] Reputation for G's, that's the role of a boss So amazin to see, black baguetts in my watch She say love is for free, just expensive to shop But it's nothin to me, that extends from my block I got a lot of figures (yeah) I'm a father figure (me) She know a lot of niggaz, don't know a hotter nigga Come to the winner's circle, a lot of men will hurt you But I'm here to nurture (for real) I wanna take you further She got all them purses, I say in my verses YSL or Hermes and barely scratch the surface She know her purpose, as I peel the curtains I always make her nervous, this record's perfect [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, yo Reputation for bustin, pussy open it's nothin Big fat nigga, all that huffin and puffin Take me shoppin in France, and he pay in advance He got big balls, ran a play in his pants Ran away with his money, just to chill on an island All my bitches is stylin beaches and eatin Italian This is real shit, r-r-real shit On the real nigga fuckin with a real bitch I-I-I ride for him (I ride for him) DMV (DMV) Stamina (stamina) GNC (GNC) Three letters... CMB Competition, I don't C-N-E/see any [Lil Wayne] Uh, reputation for tastin I'm, killin them hoes, like Jason Got that pussy like, medication to patients Got my eyes closed, like Asian persuasion Fuck with me baby, it's Tunechi baby Bust a nut, smoke a blunt, now I'm rejuvenated with all that pink gone, bitch I'm King Kong I eat her ice cream, she eat my ice cream cone Haha, pop a pill and pop that pussy I bet you Tunechi make her throw away that silver bullet Yeah... and she kiss me on my neck And she kiss me on my chest And then she [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Lil Wayne] YOUNG MULA BABY~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Take Care Song: Make Me Proud Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Drake] I like a woman with a future and a past A little attitude problem all good, it'll make the shit last Don't make it too easy girl, don't take it too fast Yeah, that's it right there, that's it, do it just like that Only you could do it just like that And I love it when your hair's still wet cause you just took a shower Runnin on the treadmill and only eatin salad Sound so smart like you graduated college Like you went to Yale but you probably went to Howard knowin you Weekend in Miami tryin to study by the pool Couple things due but you always get it done Mighta been a time when I loved her too/two but you take that away and you always been the one, one I wonder why the moon looks nice girl Maybe it's just right for the night Used to niggaz comin on too strong girl They want you in they life as a wife That's why you wanna have no sex, why you wanna protest Why you wanna fight for your right Cause you don't love them boys Pussy run e'rything, fuck that noise [Chorus: Drake] I know things get hard but girl you got it, girl you got it, there you go Can't you tell by how they lookin at you everywhere you go? Wonderin what's on yo' mind, it must be hard to be that fine When all these muh'fuckers wanna waste yo' time it's just amazin girl And all I can say is I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you {*3X*} Everything's addin up, you've been through hell and back That's why you're bad as fuck and you [Nicki Minaj] Bet-bet-bet-bet-bet I am All of them bitches I'm badder than Mansions in Malibu, babblin But I never mention everything I dabble in And I always ride slow when I'm straddlin And my shit's so wet you gotta paddle in Gotta r-r-row, gotta row your boat It's Pink Friday Records and O.V.O. Done did the pop tour, I'm the realest still The best legal team so the deals is ill It's Mac, OPI, and a fragrance too Apparel, I'm dominatin every avenue Cobblestone, good view, lil' gravel too Gotta pay for the entourage travel too Cause I fl-fl-fly, I'm flyin high Ain't got time to talk, just hi and bye, bitch! And baby, if you ask me to take a break I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say Be a million, billion, trillion miles awayyyyyyyyy Ohhhh He-he-he-he-he asked my sign, I said a Sag' I'm a STAR, sheriff badge What's the point, if I'm guarded? Double D up hoes, Dolly Parton [Chorus] - last line "That's why you're bad as fuck and you know you are" [Outro: Drake] And all I can say is I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you... {*echoes*} And all I can say is I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so... I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so proud of you {*3X*} Everything's addin up, you've been through hell and back That's why you're bad as fuck and you know you are The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drake f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Thank Me Later Song: Up All Night Typed by: Onyinyechi85@yahoo.com [Drake] Kush rolled, glass full, I prefer the better things niggas with no money act like money isn't everything I'm having a good time, they just trying to ruin it shout out to the fact that I'm the yougest nigga doing it cap on, brim bent, Denzel, Larry time (?) she ain't trying to pop that sh-t for pimp okay well never mind I I I tried to told you, Drizzy still ain't nothing nice Bracelet saying you should quit, cards saying fuck ya life Okay now we outta here, toodles to you bitches and if you dolled up I got the voodoo for you bitches I'm busy getting rich, I don't want trouble I made enough for two niggas boy stunt double famous like a drug that I've taken too much I never ever trip just peace happiness and love I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug plus the game is in my pocket, nigga this is what I does [Chorus - Drake] I'm about whatever man.. Fuck what they be talking about They opinon doesn't count We the only thing that matters (oooh) So we do it how we do it All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it I be up all night.. whole crews in here Cause I don't really know who I'mma lose this year (oooh) Man I love my team. Man I love my team.. I would die for these niggas.. [Nicki Minaj] Yo, Drizzy sayin' get her I'ma get her I get the kind of money that make a broke bitch bitter I got that kinda... wait wait fixate! Which bitch you know made a million off a mixtape? that was just a keep sake bought the president the louie presidential briefcase never been a cheapskate we got the Hawks I ain't talking about the Peach state man for Petes sake scratch that, sweep stakes (hahahaha) fuck I look like hoe I look like yes and you like no Im a bad bitch I ain't never been a mixed breed I'm on a diet but I'm doing donuts in a six speed M M M6 from a M2 I see a lot of rap bitches on a menu but I collect 100 thou at the venue pop bottles with my team, Young Money till the death of me [Bridge - Nicki and Drake talking] [Nicki Minaj] I mean we don't even rock them shoes if it ain't got a comma on the price tag I mean, I mean but then again who looks at the price [Drake] Oh yeah we in this bitch oww, oww, oww The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Excuse My French Song: Freaks Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Nicki Minaj] Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!! MONTANA!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (*Nicki Minaj) (**French Montana) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*I-I-I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (**I don't need to say playboy, I said play nigga!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (**MONTANA!!!) [Verse One: French Montana] Light up the fire, you know we get higher Rollin up loud real niggas movin quiet Like it then I buy it, you donkeys on a diet Bringin all my jewels I ain't know I start a riot  Ridin with the blicker, messin up makeup  You blowin up her phone, she ain't tryin to pick up Drinkin out the bottle, leanin with a model I throw a hundred racks up you think I hit the lotto Ridin with the wolves I ain't talkin Minnesota Shorty comin over, 'gon bend it over Let me plank on it (On it) Put a drink on it (On it) Heard you a freak, put my name on it (MONTANA!!!) HAAAAA!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [French Montana]: This girl tell me say she horny, she wanna give it to me out the door Th-Th-This girl fuck me like she know me, she backed it up then she tipped on her toeeeeeessssss! [Verse Two: Nicki Minaj] Said he met this little girl by the name of Onika When my body shake all the boys wanna freak her  Brag and a boast they be, doin the most If I, look at his friend he'll be, grippin the toast So I took him to the crib, to kill him wid it Put my legs behind my head I hit the ceilin wid it When I put it in his mouth I couldn't believe it He looked me in my eyes and said he wanna breed it Passa passa, you ain't got no ends in mi casa Big fat pussy, mi fasta  Hit up Green Acres, hit up Kings Plaza Some a dem seh dem Gully, some a dem seh dem Gaza WAH!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [French Montana]: This girl tell me say she horny, she wanna give it to me out the door Th-Th-This girl fuck me like she know me, she backed it up then she tipped on her toeeeeeessssss! [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] Where my bad bitches at?! Where my bad bitches at?! Pretty gang make noise! Pretty gang make noise!  Pretty gang act the fuck up! Act the act the fuck up! [French Montana]: Where my bad bitches at?! Where my bad bitches at?! Rude-Rudegirl make noise! Rude-Rudegirl make noise!  Rude-Rude girl act the fuck up! Act, act the fuck up! Act the fuck up, act act the fuck up! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [French Montana] (Nicki Minaj): This girl tell me say she horny, she wanna give it to me out the door Th-Th-This girl fuck me like she know me, she backed it up then she tipped on her toeeeeeessssss! (Young Money! I don't even say my name no more play nigga!) [Outro: Nicki Minaj] (French Montana) I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga! And what the fuck you talkin 'bout with them big figures?! I come through like, I mean now I'm Nicki I came through Southside nigga Queens bitch! And everybody know, who I'm huntin Huh! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!! MONTANA!!! (HAAAAAA!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ DJ Khaled, Mavado, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Wale Album: Freaks (DJ Khaled Remix) (S) Song: Freaks (DJ Khaled Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro & Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*DJ Khaled) (**French Montana)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*REMIX!!!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*THIS THE REMIX!!!! (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*KINGSTON JAMAICA!!!! THE BRONX!!!!!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*MIAMI DACE COUNTY!!!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*D.C.!!!! QUEENS!!!!!) (**MONTANA!!!) [Verse One: French Montana] Light up the fire, you know we get higher Rollin up loud real niggas movin quiet Like it then I buy it, you donkeys on a diet Bringin all my jewels I ain't know I start a riot  Ridin with the blicker, messin up makeup  You blowin up her phone, she ain't tryin to pick up Drinkin out the bottle, leanin with a model I throw a hundred racks up you think I hit the lotto Ridin with the wolves I ain't talkin Minnesota Shorty comin over, 'gon bend it over Let me plank on it (On it) Put a drink on it (On it) Heard you a freak, put my name on it (MONTANA!!!) HAAAAA!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (Mavado)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Yeah!) [Mavado]: This gyal a tell mi seh she horny, she waan give it to mi out a door True dis yah gyal a really know mi, mi back har up and mek she tip pon har toeeeeeessssss! [Verse Two: Rick Ross] (*Maybach Music) Big belly rudeboy million dollar hustler Pull up in that beamer all the ladies wanna fuck her Everyting mi haffi take (Take) no nigga fake (Fake) Shower dem posse Vivian Blake Don't make me pull up in your house up in a taxi The pussies race like a bunch of hoes S-S-S-Sellin work and my niggas taxin, and they never made me pay for no hoes!  No! Murder for coke! Rave Rave! Murder for coke! Murder for coke! Rave Rave! Murder for coke! Big bills, big breast, in bikinis Talkin D.C., L.A., get a martini Talkin J.A., V.I., straight trini True yard, double M we 'gon ride (*M-M-M-M-Maybach Music!!!) Biggest of the boss say Hail Selassie I! (HUH!) HAIL SELASSIE I!!!!!) [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (Mavado)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Yeah!) [Mavado]: This gyal a tell mi seh she horny, she waan give it to mi out a door True dis yah gyal a really know mi, mi back har up and mek she tip pon har toeeeeeessssss! [Verse Three: Wale] Telly for the bitches, all ready for the bitches Six whips, paper planes I naan do the dishes AH! So provocative, ain't nobody stoppin us Shoutout to Toronto where I know a couple opposites Rudeboy, flexin, double M necklace You be on my line I be on to the next one (WHATTUP?) A yah so nice! A yah so nice!  Green and white flag Firelinks I be runnin twice No persuade my pockets thick as Nicki Minaj I pour Ciroc and I mix it with the simply I'm gone My model bitch descent, I bought a couple pieces She still suck her teeth I be sayin Jah Vinci wrong [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (Mavado)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Back it up gyal!)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (Yeah!) [Mavado]: This gyal a tell mi seh she horny, she waan give it to mi out a door True dis yah gyal a really know mi, mi back har up and mek she tip pon har toeeeeeessssss! [Outro: Nicki Minaj] I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga! And what the fuck you talkin 'bout with them big figures?! I come through like, I mean now I'm Nicki I came through Southside nigga Queens bitch! And everybody know, who I'm huntin Huh! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!! MONTANA!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Edley Shine, Elephant Man, Nicki Minaj, Wyclef Jean Album: Freaks (DJ Suss One Remix) Song: Freaks (DJ Suss One Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Edley Shine] Fi di dancehall fans dem! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Edley Shine)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*DJ Suss One! A di feature presentation) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*Remix kings! We nah romp wid dem this year!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*J. Butta! A mad ting!) [Verse One: Nicki Minaj] Said he met this little girl by the name of Onika When my body shake all the boys wanna freak her  Brag and a boast they be, doin the most If I, look at his friend he'll be, grippin the toast So I took him to the crib, to kill him wid it Put my legs behind my head I hit the ceilin wid it When I put it in his mouth I couldn't believe it He looked me in my eyes and said he wanna breed it Passa passa, you ain't got no ends in mi casa Big fat pussy, mi fasta  Hit up Green Acres, hit up Kings Plaza Some a dem seh dem Gully, some a dem seh dem Gaza WAH!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Wyclef Jean)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*She's A) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*She's A) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Wyclef lookin for a freak a di week yeah!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*Wyclef lookin for a freak a di week yeah!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a [Verse Two: Wyclef Jean] She screams, like we in the jungle Kamasutra she workin from every angle  Jump in the air and she land and a split Go from the split now she up on her head Go from her head now she's layin on her back Then she waitin for the thuggy thuggy to attack the cat She tell me lock the door now she wanna get spanked  +Bedroom Bully+ like the one Shabba Ranks Do not get scared, signs at the door She said it's nothin that she wouldn't explore Then we nah watch no ticky ticky ticky time Just freak freaky wine and bend back yuh spine Suss One she's a!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Elephant Man)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Weh yuh seh? Energy God love how dem gyal a freaky) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Hey Ele! Energy God love how dem gyal a freaky) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (*Baby! How yuh so bad? How, How yuh so freaky?) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Hey Ele! Energy God love how dem gyal a freaky) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*BAD GYAL REPRESENT WEH OONU COME FROM?!) [Verse Three: Elephant Man] (*Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh) Freaky freaky, mi know dat gyal a freaky Di wey mi see she fly dung pon di pole mi know she freaky Di wey mi see she mek di bumpa roll mi know she freaky Now true she look sneaky she will lick yuh like a sweety WUY! Come yah now gyal, mek mi tek off dashiki She love it when mi spank it call mi daddy when mi beat it Har looks is so deceivin, so yo watch how she pretty  Fi this, gyal well ridin like jockey wid nuh pity Yes! Fi have a freak a every man desire Fulfil him need anyting him require WORST! When she hold dung har head fi seh a prayer A from mi know seh this gyal a, so so some gyal a (FREAKS!) [Verse Four: Edley Shine] Let mi see di gyal dem weh know seh dem a freak Wey handle dem biz pon a long piece a meat Follow di Saw tune and leave yuh +Heels On+ Freak nuh fi fraid when har time fi perform Cau! When dem a fuck dem leave di lights on Dash wey di condom and give it to yuh raw We double up wid dem eediat gyal yah Weh dem a give yuh leav yuh up inna di morgue And leff yuh wid yuh jacket and tek yuh moola Write a book reality shows dem full a drama Cute face fat ass di whole a dem sneaky  Only pon Twitter dem tweet mi yuh seet!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Elephant Man) (**French Montana) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (**MONTANA!!!) [Verse Five: French Montana] Light up the fire, you know we get higher Rollin up loud real niggas movin quiet Like it then I buy it, you donkeys on a diet Bringin all my jewels I ain't know I start a riot  Ridin with the blicker, messin up makeup  You blowin up her phone, she ain't tryin to pick up Drinkin out the bottle, leanin with a model I throw a hundred racks up you think I hit the lotto Ridin with the wolves I ain't talkin Minnesota Shorty comin over, 'gon bend it over Let me plank on it (On it) Put a drink on it (On it) Heard you a freak, put my name on it (MONTANA!!!) HAAAAA!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Elephant Man) (**Edley Shine)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (**REFIX!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (**REFIX!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (**LIL' VICIOUS BIG UP YUHSELF IT'S A CLASSIC AIGHT) (FREAKS!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Mr. Vegas, Nicki Minaj Album: Freaks (Remix) Song: Freaks (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Nicki Minaj] Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!! MONTANA!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (*Nicki Minaj) (**French Montana) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*I-I-I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (**I don't need to say playboy, I said play nigga!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (**MONTANA!!!) [Verse One: French Montana] Light up the fire, you know we get higher Rollin up loud real niggas movin quiet Like it then I buy it, you donkeys on a diet Bringin all my jewels I ain't know I start a riot  Ridin with the blicker, messin up makeup  You blowin up her phone, she ain't tryin to pick up Drinkin out the bottle, leanin with a model I throw a hundred racks up you think I hit the lotto Ridin with the wolves I ain't talkin Minnesota Shorty comin over, 'gon bend it over Let me plank on it (On it) Put a drink on it (On it) Heard you a freak, put my name on it (MONTANA!!!) HAAAAA!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [French Montana] (Mr. Vegas): This girl tell me say she horny (Tun up tun up tun up!) she wanna give it to me out the door (Tun up tun tun up!) Th-Th-This girl fuck me like she know me (Tun up tun up tun up!) she backed it up then she tipped on her toeeeeeessssss! [Verse Two: Mr. Vegas] She freaky freaky, dat gyal a freaky freaky wuy!  She freaky freaky, dat gyal a freaky freaky wuy!  She freak Ricky, and waan fi freak Nicki She come inna mi bed and seh she waan fi gimme hickey wuy! But everyday di gyal a call mi! Call mi! And she get up mek sure she horny! Horny! And now she freak off mi friend name Serani She come and then she seh she waan mi! Waan mi! So freaky freaky come a Kingston City wuy! Hop on di dancefloor she have nuh pity wuy! Di gyal let mi a sing like Nitty Gritty wuy! Yuh betta gwaan and lau mi! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Mr. Vegas) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*YEAH! YEAH!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*YEAH! YEAH!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [Verse Three: Nicki Minaj] Said he met this little girl by the name of Onika When my body shake all the boys wanna freak her  Brag and a boast they be, doin the most If I, look at his friend he'll be, grippin the toast So I took him to the crib, to kill him wid it Put my legs behind my head I hit the ceilin wid it When I put it in his mouth I couldn't believe it He looked me in my eyes and said he wanna breed it Passa passa, you ain't got no ends in mi casa Big fat pussy, mi fasta  Hit up Green Acres, hit up Kings Plaza Some a dem seh dem Gully, some a dem seh dem Gaza WAH!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [French Montana]: This girl tell me say she horny, she wanna give it to me out the door Th-Th-This girl fuck me like she know me, she backed it up then she tipped on her toeeeeeessssss! [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] Where my bad bitches at?! Where my bad bitches at?! Pretty gang make noise! Pretty gang make noise!  Pretty gang act the fuck up! Act the act the fuck up! [French Montana]: Where my bad bitches at?! Where my bad bitches at?! Rude-Rudegirl make noise! Rude-Rudegirl make noise!  Rude-Rude girl act the fuck up! Act, act the fuck up! Act the fuck up, act act the fuck up! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh]  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a [French Montana] (Nicki Minaj): This girl tell me say she horny, she wanna give it to me out the door Th-Th-This girl fuck me like she know me, she backed it up then she tipped on her toeeeeeessssss! (Young Money! I don't even say my name no more play nigga!) [Outro: Nicki Minaj] (French Montana) I don't need to say playboy, I say play nigga! And what the fuck you talkin 'bout with them big figures?! I come through like, I mean now I'm Nicki I came through Southside nigga Queens bitch! And everybody know, who I'm huntin Huh! Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!!! MONTANA!!! (HAAAAAA!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj Album: New York Minute (S) Song: New York Minute (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics (New York, New York, New York, New York) (New York, New York, New York, New York) In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) [Verse 1: French Montana] You can get your neck broke, face cracked, laid flat And give everything that you made back, 8 clap Make a sunvisor out ya wavecap Pray that New York Minute'll bring Mase back Shame that Remy took 8 flat, you know the game wack And every last rapper here tryna bring the name back It ain't rap, niggaz better stay strapped Or you could call the stick-up boys, try to get your chain back (In a New York minute) They thought the game was over When B.I.G. died, then the homie Hov took it over (In a New York minute) They shot Pac 5 times Years later, them boys took Shyne (In a New York minute) That ain't even the least Akon signed the hottest nigga in the streets We gave swagger to the game Still and all, everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) [Verse 2: Nicki Minaj] Look back, fightin' for the spot but I took that Now all the kids with a Nicki Minaj bookbag Bitch I been hard since my car had a zig-zag Low pink Volvos, these bitches is bozos Oh-nos, eatin' them ding-dongs and hohos I was just tryna bubble, get past slow-mo I ain't even ask for them XXL promos I remember how it felt when them Twin Towers fell I was in the Trump Towers lookin' for some shower gel (In a New York minute) Rappers are just beef Stack Bundles'or be deceased (In a New York minute) Brought my man down Before they even get a cap and a damn gown (In a New York minute) And there gotta be a heaven Cause Sean Bell'll never get to make it to his weddin' (In a New York minute) But a star will arise And she'll originate from the streets of Southside [Chorus: Nicki Minaj - Sings] In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) {Everything done changed} [Verse 3: Jadakiss] You could get your wig clapped, kidnapped, bitch-slapped A 2 to 4 could turn into a 6 flat, if that C-4 to your moms front door, gift-wrapped Whole fanbase could start thinkin' that your shit's wack You could be at the gas station and get ya whip jacked Get yapped, pay a nigga bread, get ya shit back Right back, everything could change, just like that Get pulled over on your way bringin' that white back (In a New York minute) Rappers stopped sellin' Kim did a year and a day for not tellin' (In a New York minute) Fox went deaf in one ear too, shortly after that she did a year or two (In a New York minute) I beat the case, not enough evidence Get ready to see a black President (In a New York minute) You can download a whole album Now you see where these niggaz get their style from In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Things could get pretty strange In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo) Everything can change In a New York minute (Whoo-oooo-oooh-oooh) (In a New York, New York, New York, New York) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sean Garrett f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Get it All (single) Song: Get it All Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Sean Garrett] She said baby... [Nicki Minaj] I know you love her, but I love you [Sean Garrett] She caught my face like a Kodak I couldn't shake the weather Storm had nothing on this chick named Heather Damn everytime I seen her, it was just the thought of break up You know niggas and girls how they quit then they make up She told me she been in love with me every since we were in 6th grade Ms. Hills class, I'm just thinking (ahh ohh) Mighty funny didn't notice her back then But now her body banging, got me thinkin (ahh ohh) I'm just thinkin I'm to quick to fall I wanna hit it but I'm still involved [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be better girlfriend (Chorus) Shawty said she had so many dreams of her and me, she couldn't sleep She tellin me to come and get it all (get it all) She so glad the girlfriend that I use to have didn't wanna treat me right So she told me I can get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be Better girlfriend [Nicki Minaj] Stop playin man I been hotter than summer school Cuz even then I use yo make them mutha fuckas drool Been bad since sticky hands Now all these bitches is Nicki fans I gotta chuckle, excuse the duffle I mean my ring so big it just bruise my knuckles And I just heard that you was back on the market Let me stick shift, ride it, back it up, and then park it You and me, we should be together Cop da matchin Lamborghini Swahili leather Now dat dat dat dats black on black And if the bitch call ya phone that's a back hand slap Nigga what [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be better girlfriend (Chorus) Shawty said she had so many dreams of her and me, she couldn't sleep She tellin me to come and get it all (get it all) She so glad the girlfriend that I use to have didn't wanna treat me right So she told me I can get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be better girlfriend [SEan Garrett] She freaky tangerine tone Body belong on the cover of the 2010 swimsuit issue of XI She told me to don't leave her until I know done got over the whole fever And I can't stop Best believe me she gone get it all Best believe me she gone get it all She said it's just like when you hit a ball If you gone swing you better get it all [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be better girlfriend (Chorus) Shawty said she had so many dreams of her and me, she couldn't sleep She tellin me to come and get it all (get it all) She so glad the girlfriend that I use to have didn't wanna treat me right So she told me I can get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be better girlfriend [Sean Garrett] She said baby... [Nicki Minaj] I know you love her, but I love you (Chorus) Shawty said she had so many dreams of her and me, she couldn't sleep She tellin me to come and get it all (get it all) She so glad the girlfriend that I use to have didn't wanna treat me right So she told me I can get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) Best believe me she gon get it all (get it all) [Bridge] She told me that the girl I'm with don't get it She wanna show me she can be better girlfriend Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Album: The Appeal: Georgia's Most Wanted Song: Haterade Typed by: mcgreezy87@aol.com [Chorus: Pharrell] We've evolved from small to the tall and shall not stall, been flyin too long Ooo whoa oh~! Ooo whoa oh~! Ooo whoa oh~! Ooo whoa oh, girl... I be sippin on haterade (yup!) That deep-down, getcha paid (yup!) And it taste like lemonade (yup!) Scrunch your face when you sing it babe (yup!) I be sippin on haterade (yup!) That deep-down, getcha paid (yup!) That flavor's lemonade (yup!) Scrunch your face when you sing it babe, y'knalmtalkinbout? [Gucci Mane] I'm not listenin, I'm not interested My attention only focused on what I get And I'm glistenin, they call me Mr. Check White ice lemonade, red ice she thick Got a general Phantom, bitch I'm icy and peachy So I treat it real good like hoes is squeezed My life, I ain't ever seen a car like that And she prolly won't see the next shit I get And a seventeen fresh, and I say, "I guess" Successful, healthy, I live no stress So today is the day that the big boys shine Drop tops everywhere, I wouldn't know how to rock Got the titties of today showin off tan lines Cash bendin in my pockets, no it's not, draw lines Me and Skateboard P in the club on time No not on time, but it's just in time It's Gucci! [Nicki Minaj] {*Sighs*} Uhh, yo, aiyyo This one goes out to all of my critics Don't you feel stupid? Look how I did it Look how it came to pass when I said it We can do debit, I don't need no credit Yes I'm epic, look how I rep it It's been eight years, but I broke the record Yup, the record - yup, the record - yup, the record (And just for the record) Uhh, I'm all that I can be And I'll admit, I'm appalled when you envy Because you can do it too, and you can do it too I just happen to be the girl that they do it too So I'ma bounce back, and I'ma ball out And every time you see me, I'ma go all out And I'ma win till the endin Don't be mad when you see me transcendin Guc! [Gucci Mane] I ball hard, I should be in Sports Illustrated Cooler as a muthafucka in a Porschelemonade coupe And a Ferrari in your hood, you're intimidated Mutilated, Maserati Lamborghini decapitated Fed investigation on what I accumulated Sayin he ain't real, that I'm not the man that I say I am, like I give a damnmuch Ride around town pickin up stacks Some like Louis, some like Gucci But I love money, yeah I love solution And my teenage karat ring, baby girl choose And I ain't really hard to please baby come choose (come choose {*echoes*}) Lounge around, around the town with the top chopped off You can call it lost and found 'cause my top stay down And I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought this car I ain't seen a muthafucka since I bought the car It's Gucci! [Pharrell] Gon' lift ya glass, gon' liftya glass [Gucci] Just think about the future and forget the past [Pharrell] Everybody just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass [Gucci] If a nigga keep hatin, tell him kiss ya ass [Pharrell] Just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass [Gucci] Let's think about the future and forget the past [Pharrell] Everybody just lift ya glass, gon' lift ya glass [Gucci] That nigga think they goin hard, don't make me laugh - it's Gucci The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Bobby V, Nicki Minaj, Trina Album: The State vs. Radric Davis Song: Sex in Crazy Places Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus One: Bobby V] I wanna do you at your momma house, on the couch Do you in the bathroom of the airplane Do you on a balcony, in the ta-xi Cause I can't get enough of that thang [Nicki Minaj] Yo, yo Let's do up in Disney at the Magic Kingdom You can tug on my Giuseppes and my Badgley Mischkas I'm a buh-buh-buh, I'ma bag of fun I'm a pro with them balls like AND-1 Now let's go, Mexico that's where we next to go Do him like his momma make him eat his vegetables Could call me a stage mom, boy you best to blow Or you can even call me Wanda cause I'm "red' ta go" You know I'm spoiled Lil' Daddy, stomps the floor We can do it on Fifth Ave. in the department store We can do it in Tokyo, we do it in Taiwan All my Harajuku girls say I am they icon [Chorus One] [Chorus Two: Bobby V] Say we can do it anywhere (cra-zy places) I wanna freak you anywhere (cra-zyyy) We can do it anywhere (cra-zy places) I wanna freak you anywhere (cra-zyyy) [Gucci Mane] Don't compare me to your ex-man, baby he a local joker I'll take you to Six Flags and drill you on the roller coaster Call your girlfriends over, we can have a sleepover Buy yo' ass a Jeep so I can fuck you in ya Range Rover Pictures in the nude, on the cruise, we gon' make the news Sex great, sex tape, ready fo' a YouTube Damn it turn me on, when we do it in ya momma home Father long gone, but Gucci be your daddy baby I can fly you anywhere, we can sex in crazy places Airport, train stations, goin up the escalator At the Dome, on the 50, I'ma throw it, you the center When you hike it, I'ma spike it, girl don't act like you don't like it [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Trina] How bad you wanna do me on a scale of one to ten? You like the way I bend, now you askin where I been If I'm doin him, now you startin that again? I dont wanna sex yo' friend; he don't got enough to lend Plus he was doin Lynn and she ain't nuttin like amazin Her stuff run deep and he don't have a occupation I'm known across the nation, Trina's that chick Bow legs, red boned, long hair, real thick Do me at my momma house? Nah, I don't think so I got too much class, but you can try San Pedro I need the biggest mansion, ocean backyard With the newest Maybach and inside a black card [Bobby V] Tonight I'll touch you in yo' favorite spot (oh yeah) Promise to get ya body so hot (we can do it anywhere) So baby, don't be scared If they see us baby I don't care We can do it in the Gucci sto' Close down the mall girl you just don't know, in front of the police In front of yo' daddy; girl it's you and me And I don't give a damn that's why they call me Bobby V [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Outro: Bobby V] Cra-zy {*3X*} Places Cra-zy {*3X*} Places {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gudda Gudda f/ Nicki Minaj, Short Dawg Album: Guddaville (Mixtape) Song: Always Love You Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Nicki Minaj] Once upon a time there lived the harajuku barbie Use ta watch the game in madison square garden Collesium block on the weekend italian icees from the purteo ricans She reps queens like a crown or a real poofy gown or the little white Lady out in london weeds bridge far rock southside jamcia block Flat bush brooklyn all of them jamcia spots This is my city and I be reppin my city It's where the giants attack you Called the capitol apple If you come to my city you might see what I mean It's the city that never sleeps but it's the city of dreams [Chorus: w/ad libs by Gudda Gudda] [Verse 2: Gudda Gudda] Wat up uptown downtown 6th ward 7th ward hardheads west bank 5th ward 3rd ward 10th ward reppin every damn street Shout out the mighty nine and east 2 mczan street Rest in peace son he had tyra lan on lockdown It's a shame dey took him out the game I see ya c c nacho fe fe snag gang Chuck D Talley t street that's dem garetti boys all about The fetti boy only think broke wrong here is the levi boy U know my city nigga yea it's real hood Talk to turk other day he doin real good Hold ya head c hold ya head mack Rest in peace solider damn we need you back Shout out b.g. the whole chopper city Cash money young money yea we got the city [Verse 3: Short Dawg] Let's welcome the katrina victims I wasn't there when it happen but I seen the pictures So ne thing my niggas need they can call short My arms always opened like walmart I moved to the A and promised I'm a be back I'm still #1 in houston like t-mac Check my sleeve test I know you see that H with star syrup pourin over green back N I ain't talkin miss butterworks So pass me a styrofome double cup at first N I'm a pour a four up in that and sip it till U see me movin slow like I'm fat Just the home of the the candy painted doors on the lac N voices sounding deep as baratone on the track (Aw really) Yea we call that sprude and if you movin too fast we Might call that rude Houston The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gyptian f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Hold Yuh (Remix) 12" Song: Hold Yuh (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Gyptian] (Nicki Minaj) Ooooooohhhhh ooooooooohhhhh ooooooooohhhhh!!!!! (Ahhhhh!!!!) Oh yeahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!! !ooooooooohhhhh!!!!! (WHATTUP!!! Aiyyo SB!!!!) [Chorus: Gyptian] (Nicki Minaj) Gal mi waan fi hold yuh, put mi arms right around yuh (Yo Peashead, Tremor, Boozer, Smallz, Spoon!!!) Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life (This one's for Queens!!!!) Gal mi waan fi just squeeze yuh, put mi ting right around yuh This one's for Brooklyn!!! New York City!!! Ha Ha!!!!) Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life (Young Money!!! UH!!! RAH!!!!!!!!!) Oooooooohhhhhhhh!!!! [Verse One: Nicki Minaj] Aiyyo Gyptian tell dem fi gwaan, eviction Dis one yah it a di bad gal edition See dem gal deh, contradiction Dem seh dem sitten tight (What?) A bare fiction) (Ha Ha Ha!!!) Di whole a dem a bait Body smokin, cigar wait, shape nice, figure weight Give dem di roller blades, tell dem fi skate Styled on dem Jamaican tip All I do is sign boobs and be takin pics Got the new Benz the color of bacon bits I got a spot in every state dalmations bitch!!!! And it's Young Money, old money, real good money Ain't do a feature that wasn't on Billboard honey (What) Kingston, Rema, Waterhouse, Jungle Barbie mi have nuff gal inna bungle (AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!) [Chorus: Gyptian] Gal mi waan fi hold yuh, put mi arms right around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest grip mi ever yet seen inna my life Gal mi just waan fi hold yuh, put mi ting all around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life [Verse Two: Gyptian] Like a fast bike pon di bike vroom vroom vroom vroom!!! Climb pon di back and she a boom boom boom boom!!! Gimme di mogga one or di fat ku kum kum Mi nuh romp as when mi a time I get my boom boom She deh outta control, a more fire she waan in har soul She seh more pon more and still she groan And still mi multiply more [Chorus: Gyptian] Gal mi waan fi hold yuh, put mi arms right around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen in my life Gal mi just waan fi hold yuh, put mi arms right around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life [Verse Three: Gyptian] Like a fast bike pon di bike vroom vroom vroom vroom!!! Climb pon di back and she a boom boom!!! Gimme di magga one or di fat ku kum kum Mi nuh romp as when mi a move to watch my boom She deh outta control, a more fire she waan in har soul She seh more pon more and still she groan And still mi multiply more [Chorus: Gyptian] Gal mi waan fi hold yuh, put mi tings right around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life Gal mi just waan fi hold yuh, put mi arms all around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life Gal mi waan fi just squeeze yuh, put mi ting all around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life Oooooooohhhhhhhh!!!! [Verse Four: Gyptian] Mi eye dem dry and mi nuh care, mi tek it anytime anywhere Inna di square, so we nuh care, and as a woman, I will be there Mi waan a girl who will tek care a mi, mi waan a gal dat can wine pon mi Wid it good, and mek mi feel it, show mi dat yuh can girl [Chorus: Gyptian] Gal mi waan fi hold yuh, put mi arms right around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest grip mi ever yet seen inna my life Gal mi just waan fi hold yuh, put mi ting all around yuh Gal yuh give mi di tightest hold mi ever yet seen inna my life [Outro: Gyptian] Ooooooohhhhh ooooooooohhhhh ooooooooohhhhh!!!!! Oh yeahhhhhhhhhhh!!! Whooooooaaaaaaaaaa!!! Ooooooohhhhh ooooooooohhhhh ooooooooohhhhh!!!!! Oh yeahhhhhhhhhhh!!! Whooooooaaaaaaaaaa!!! Hold yuh!!!!!! Around yuh!!!!!!!! My life!!!!!!! Around yuh!!!!!! My life!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay Sean f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Freeze Time Song: 2012 (It Ain't the End) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Jay Sean] Oh oh 2-0-1-2 Oh-yeah It's alright, Oh It's alright You know what they say Life ain't always easy everyday we're survivors So forget the day It's all about tonight act a fool and start a riot, a riot be rebel Bottles poppin 'til we can't stand We keep it rocking 'til 6 am New York to London over to Japan Turn it up .. Turn It Up.. Mash it up We gonna party like Party like it's the end of the world We gonna party like, like it's 2012 You know that it doesn't matter as long as we got each other Turn it up.. Turn it up .. Mash it up It ain't the end of the world Oh Gonna live like it's the end of the world Gonna party like Oh Turn it up... Turn it up... Mash it up It ain't the end of the world [Nicki Minaj] Simile's, metaphors and we pop pills sick flow inundated with the doc bills work hard, now we know how to top bills in the middle of the street doing cartwheels lot of them tryna do it but it's not real wasn't a rapper then I could've got a pop deal white clothes in a hot pink hot wheels lot of bottles and a lot of booty cocktails uh, days of our lives you wink it goes by so we'll just get it with no Edison anything goes so no time for closed minds and free my little weezy and let's just get right Young Money, Cash Money in the building let's go the World ends tonight [Jay Sean] Have a drink with me And let's make tonight go down In history.. in history yeah let's play make believe It's the last 24 hours and this whole world is ours eternally, eternally Hey Bottles poppin til we can't stand We keep it rocking til 6 am New York to London over to Japan Turn it up .. Turn It Up.. Mash it up We gonna party like Party like, like it's the end of the world We gonna party like, like it's 2012 You Know that it doesn't matter as long as we got each other Turn it up.. Turn it up .. Mash it up It ain't the end of the World Oh We got live like it's the end of the world We gotta party like Oh Turn it up .. Turn It Up.. Mash it up It ain't the end of the world No No I'm not gonna follow Anything that say anymore It's never to late to start living So let's start it with here right now Party like like it's the end of the World We gonna party like like it's 2012 You Know that it doesn't matter as long as we got each other Turn it up.. Turn it up .. mash it up It ain't the end of the world Oh We gonna live like it's the end of the World We gonna party like Oh Turn it up.. Turn it up .. mash it up It ain't the end of the world The world Because the world keeps spinning The world keeps spinning around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Birdman, Nicki Minaj Album: Black Friday Mixtape Song: Grindin Makin Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This my nine to five Still livin how that I like Grindin makin money {*4X*} [talking over Intro] Shit was all good just a couple years ago Ha ha, Birdman, featuring Lil' Kim, Nicki Minaj It's called "Grind and Get Money," let's go [Lil' Kim] I grind all day gettin money Damn it take all day to count the money I'm in the freezer, neck full of icicles I'm a dime, you other chicas need a nickel Who dat in that Phantom - Kimmy! Or maybe in that Maserati or that S-150 Or in that Bugati, you can't fuck with me I do this for my niggaz on the grind There'll never be another me, what you out your mind? I get it poppin when it's money on the line Damn near dropped a house on my wrist for the shine Louboutin, Fendi, Dior all the time I snitched in the Louis store, yeah I dropped the dime Got Baby and Big Daddy Slim on the line The way that we ball, some sayin is a crime But we don't really care, I continue gettin mine Cause this my nine to five [Chorus: repeat 2X] All day, this my nine to five Still livin how that I like Grindin makin money {*4X*} [Birdman] Yeah, just like that brotha Shinin in the do', CM.. B Back on my stunna shit, flyer with a extra clip Flyer in the new whip, ball hard the matchin whip Keep my shorty with me shit, make sure she flip that shit Ride around deliver shit, get some of this money shit Hustle all the time and she shine when we hit the bitch Ball in the club every night like we do this shit Uptown soldier, known high roller Brought her tour overseas, now she all over Hurricane hit that bitch, now we had to do that shit Bounce right back in my hood with some new shit Everyday sunshine, keep my tool all the time Blowin out the pound, everyday the money on the grind [Nicki Minaj] Yo, aiyyo, eenie meenie miney moe, I'm pi-pi-pickin hoes to pucker up and kiss my ass under the mistletoe Yes I am about my cake, just call me Entermann's I keep a gentleman, first nine Benjamin Don't mess with Washington, don't mess with Abraham Patty cake, patty cake, better get the bakers man Frosted Flakes is on my fingers Fruity Loops is on my wrist Fruity Pebble, Barbie pendant, don't forget to ice my kiss! Now where my girls at? That stack money That Young Money, that Ca$h Money I work the red carpet, you CLEAN the red carpet Go get your vacuum, don't you get me started~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Rebirth Song: Knockout Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lil Wayne] Uh! Yeahhh Ohhh! Yayyyyy... [Lil Wayne] Hey Barbie! Are-are-are are you into black men? Hey hey hey, hey Barbie! Hey, I could be your black Ken, wow! Cause once you go black, you never go back She wear her hair black, with curls in the back The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat And after that, everything went BLACK! [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Baby one-two-three.. tell 'em get the referee Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout) Get the telephone please, it's an emergency Cause he can (he can) get the knockout (get the knockout) [Lil Wayne] Hey Barbie! Can I call you Barbara? Ha ha Hey Barbie! Yeah can I call you tomorrow, and? today? Cause once you go black, you never go back And when she go to Wayne, everybody else is whack The she threw that ass back back back, then I fell to the mat And after that, everything went BLACK! [Nicki Minaj] Uhhh, uhhh Awww fuck it! Give me that damn bucket When when I throw this pussy you better not start duckin OH, YO, HIT HIT 'EM WITH THE BLOW Look look out in the crowd and everybody's yellin no Grab him by his locks and give us a good box Then hit him below the belt I wanna give him good top TOP! TOP! Give him good top! Hit him below the belt I want to give him good top! One-two-three they yellin one-two-three I done hit 'em with that motherfuckin crunk two piece Tell 'em, tell 'em to mop out, too late to copout Give 'em little head then toupee, that's a knockout! [Lil Wayne] So just knock me out! {*2X*} Damn... just knock me out! So just knock me out, just knock me out Just knock me out {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Cory Gunz, Nicki Minaj Album: I Am Not a Human Being II Song: Lay it Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Turn the music up [Lil Wayne] Y.M. C.M.B., bitches call me Tunechi Lee I be with niggaz that shoot police, I keep that iron - you can get creased And if she say she didn't fuck, bitch you're lyin through ya teeth They say it cost to be the boss, the ones in jail wish they were free Niggaz call me Hi-C, because I'm high as you can see Niggaz say they paid they dues, well I'm checkin your receipt Might as well go stupid since this is a stupid beat Grab the owl out the tree, and ask that bitch - who but me? Got your bitch bent over nigga hands to her feet Tell that pig and that cow I'll go ham if it's beef Cause all my niggaz well rounded, don't fuck with none of these square niggaz Mask on Ghostface Killah, draw down and erase niggaz I'm a blood, is you a blood donor? Swisher full of that California I hit it sideways cat-a-corner, then she catch that nut like pneumonia Lil Tunechi~ Lay it down hoe Lay it down bitch Lay it down hoe Lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Put the money on the couch nigga Gimme everything up in yo' house nigga, shut yo' mouth nigga Put the money on the couch nigga Gimme everything up in yo' house nigga, shut yo mouth nigga [Cory Gunz] Start it up, vroom vroom Uppercut a bitch out the bus, boom boom Unless I get the brain, poom poom She let a nigga run and get the gang, run a train, zoom zoom Tryin to get paid too soon, one deep One sweep away in a room room We getting money over here, talkin shit and fuckin bitches I don't know what the fuck they doing Tune' My syrup purple, my turf Earth My birth circle, I'll dirt surf you I'll squirt and murk you, my verse hurtful My shooters still got curb curfews Y'all 'bout as hot as Von Dutch; y'all not gon' harm much Hijack y'all some prom busts, ain't no retreat but my arms up We don't graffiti, my bombs up It's Young Money in this shit until a nigga dead and gone If you wanna set it off, what you wanna bet it on? I'm bettin the wedding's off when everything is wetted on Point 'em out, +Truk+ ya life, fuck your style, fuck with me You a bucket foul, niggaz'll buck your smile for a ducat pile, you better duck it, pal Lay it down hoe Lay it down bitch Lay it down hoe Lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down [Nicki Minaj] Uhh - yo~! Shawty, what's yo' name? Is you trickin? Is you payin? Is you sniffin, on that cane? What the fuck, is you sayin? If you gettin it, then you gettin it It's my money, I ain't splittin it I ain't trippin it, if she got a fat ass, then I'm tippin it Come out the bank, bye teller Give up her money, hi fella Bad lil' hoe, high yellow Brand new Roley, sky dweller Just left from Dubai, flew private eye I made a million dollars, swear to God that ain't no lie Asked if them niggaz was poppin, fake niggaz be watchin My black glove be drippin wet, but I got my +Cochran+ Losin ain't no option, I'm teachin bitches my doctrine The Maybach ain't poppin if it ain't got a par-tation Oops I mean partition, it's all a part of my vision I sit and count this money while I watch you bitches audition I said, oops I mean partition, it's all a part of my vision I sit and count this money while I watch you bitches audition [Outro: Nicki Minak] Hehehehe! Fuck wrong with you bitches? I don't give a fuck You don't hear me, you don't see me, bitch you gon' feel me hoe It's Young Money Young, Young Money nigga Young, Young, lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down You hoes lay it down, ahhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Dedication 4 Song: Wish You Would Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] A who wan' test no mon chat her 'Gwan to some boy dem Pussy wan' kill dem I tell dem nah come for di crown, nah [Chorus: repeat 4X] Ok, Lamborghini Mercy Yo' chick she so thirsty I'm in that two seat Lambo' wit'cho girl she tryin to jerk me [Nicki Minaj] Drop it to the flo', make that dick shake My homegirls slurp it like a milkshake All you niggaz want some Nick cake If you eat ass I got a thick plate Weezy, Weezy don't we do this very easy? I came from Trinidad on a temporary visa Cause muh'fuckers know I put the hex on bitches I fuck a bitch over like I'm sexin bitches Tic-Tac-Toe then I put the X on bitches Point game, I score, who's next you bitches? Cause all you niggaz fake and all you niggaz broke So all you niggaz fuck you, all you niggaz choke Cause all you do is boast and argue over hoes So all you niggaz toast, cause all you deep throat - word Fuck fuck your Lambo, fuck fuck your Murcie' I got more money, in in my fuckin purse Court-courtside, you in the C Section I'm with them bloods, you you with the C Section In Malibu I'm by the sea section And all these bitches is my sons, yeah C-Section I'm a Republican votin for Mitt Romney You lazy bitches is fuckin up the economy Out in Miami I be chillin with a zombie Diablo Alejandro dimelo Gandhi [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Wayne] I'm the shit, turn your nose up I threw some bad bitches on my tour bus I threw some bad bitches on my private jet If them bitches ain't fuckin, give 'em parachutes Walked up to a redbone like I'm the shit Told her give me that pussy, and fuck my bitch Yeah skate rebel, gun at my waist level Bitch yellow, tape yellow, give you an H-A-L-O I don't do pussy niggaz but get the most pussy nigga I'm popping percs I'm sippin lean, smokin pot like cookin dinner My homet T roll up my blunt, skinnier than Rex Ryan I'm countin money I'm smokin plants, call that shit math and science Now suck dick, Trukfit, snapback on yo' dog ass These niggaz broke like Mr. Glass, they don't want +nun+, +Sister Act+ It's Young Money you bitch you, my weed louder than pimp suits Your bitch swallow my pimp juice, her pussy wetter than swimsuits Swish, Michael, Phelps nigga in your hoe Coupe the color of Yoohoo, rude boy free Buju Fuck wrong with these fuck niggaz I been ballin since '98 Fuck y'all I'd rather skate, shoot you up in yo' database I fell in love with droptops, I fell in love with shotguns Our guns bigger than cop guns, y'all ain't spittin - dry tongue I like wet pussy she like hard dick, hard head make her soft fast Tatted up from head to toe, guess you can call me a marked man Wayne, soarin, all my whores is whorin All you rappers is borin, Trukfit hat and some Jordans uhh [Chorus] - 2X [Lil Wayne - over Chorus] Syrup {*3X*} Haha yeah Tunechi bitch +Dedication 4+ Hoe [chopped and slowed] Syrup {*2X*} Fuck them hoes nigga, pause Syrup {*3X*} We the shit Weezy baby Shoutout all my niggaz on the island The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Nicki Minaj Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: What's Wrong With Them Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uhh Life on the rocks, too hard to swallow So we get high 'til it feel like the sky low Y'all boys just a bunch of pussycats, Milo Money is the song, pockets on high note Doe ray mi fa so, I rock like a fossil Big ball shit, Paul Castellano Shoot yo' ass up, now crawl out the condo That's that nine nigga, uhh Rondo Sleeping with the enemy, so I fuck the world To Miss Louisiana, the sweetest Southern girl The sweetest Southern girl (sweetest Southern girl) [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] This is time's up, put your signs up Made 'em pick my dude, out the line up Baby what the fuck wrong, wrong with them? What the fuck wrong, wrong with them? You see many are called, very few are chosen Lookin at the wall, and I can feel them close in Baby what the fuck wrong, wrong with them? What the fuck wrong, wrong with them? [Lil Wayne] Uhh Mind over matter, money over all The world is on my shoulders, should I dust my shoulders off? Uzi rat-a-tatter, knocking over walls Fuck the bullshit, but just don't fuck it raw Man pussy has a pattern, and I know where I'm goin And if you got beef I turn into a tenderloin Sanity kills, so I live the crazy life I wonder if you'll pay attention, if I change the price Life is my wife, 'til death do us part Man I'm fly as fuck you ain't even next to depart Quick Draw McGraw, I hope you like art [Lil Wayne] Uhh Steppin on the bullshit, you can be my doormat Y'all ain't goin nowhere with that hatin shit, four flats Disrespectful on the beat, Borat Fuck the system and the pussy wasn't all that Yeah, now time's gettin shorter With life on your head like a fuckin Reed Carter now Don't you cross me, you do better crossin the border So much money piled up I'm a motherfuckin hoarder [Nicki Minaj] Young Money~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Gudda Gudda, Jae Millz, Lil Chuckee, Lil Twist, Nicki Minaj Album: I Am Not a Human Being Song: YM Salute Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj] This that Young Money shit right here Better strap up your boots.. before they start to shoot They do it for the troops.. it's Young Money salute It's Young Money salute [Lil Twist] Yeah, uhh So sick with the flow, yeah you Cowboys know That Lil Twist been a pro way before Romo No T.O., no Witten, Cowboys to a piston A.I., no Wallace, you kids gettin demolished I'm bookin on you suckers like I'm just leavin college But smart, very smart, too smart for your knowledge Too smart once mo', Wayne called me a genius It's Y.M.E. nothin gets in between us [Lil Chuckee] I told Wayne I'm goin in like somebody 'bout to bury me In this rap game nobody could ever bury me That's why you see me on stage rockin with Young Money I told my team I got us, man it's all on me like Volume 2, B.G., I got my crew with me Twist, Mack, Millz, Gudda and my baby Nicki Everytime I'm on the track it's ransom Can't find 'em like us any mo', it's random When Young Money come through you better salute us [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] Better strap up your boots.. before they start to shoot They do it for the troops.. it's Young Money salute It's Young Money salute.. it's Young Money salute It's Young Money salute.. it's Young Money salute So salute, so salute [Jae Millz] Hey I solemnly swear if it ever go down You ain't never gotta call me, cause I'ma be there Let's get to the point like elbows, my crew harder than shelltoes Strapped like velcro and is we runnin? Hell no And truthfully, aimin for number one, ohh do we! You ask why, I'll reply "Cause nobody remember two or three" Cross YM and out of him we'll make a movie (yessir) We all that we can be, respect the army and salute we [Gudda Gudda] Yeah, Young Money army we marchin, we comin forward No warnin, we got these boys runnin like Forrest So salute me like a general, first place never last Always on top and I'm a chief like a Seminole Got the game in a stranglehold, no lettin up You can get the top or your can popped like 7-Up Lnock knock let us up, Young Money applaud me And we'll take the game out your hands like a joystick [Nicki Minaj] I'ma need my badges and my ribbons Maybe it'll make up for everything that I wasn't given Everything that I've given, I swear I'll never give in Just look at what I've been in and this is just the beginnin I d-d-d-d-do it cause I did it for my ballerina girls Blowin kisses to the soldiers I am Marilyn Monroe When we shoot shoot shoot 'em up, camoflauge me Cause Young Money is the Navy, better yet a army [Lil Wayne] ... Commander in Chief One hand on the world, one hand on the brief I stand on the world, bitch I stand on the peak of the game, and the girls, and the guap', now that's G Don't ask me about shit but money Fuckin right my money long I got that ten foot money Heh, I get it fast when I get to the money When I walk, it sound like ten foots runnin I meant feet, I'm in deep like wet pussy I'm a purple heart proven war vet rookie You can't even sit next to me Now bring money or death to me, or don't step to me Now don't step nugga, march with me To the steps of the court buildin, like ain't we God's children? I know at all times Gods feel me So I play my part until the war kill me Salute, or shoot, nigga~! [Lil Wayne - over Chorus] Get that salute out my face I am, a sixteen year veteran I been in this motherfuckin hip-hop war, all my motherfuckin life But I still have that, my life, yeah Young Mula baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lonely Island f/ Nicki Minaj, John Waters Album: Turtleneck & Chain Song: The Creep Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (Haha! Yeah) [Intro: John Waters] Hi, I'm John Waters and this is "The Creep" [Chorus: The Lonely Island] When you out at a club and you see a fly girl Do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  And you wanna make friends at the ATM Do The Creep (HOOOOOH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  [Andy Samberg] Well, we got a new dance, so get up on your feet It's real easy to do, and it's called "The Creep" Let your hands flap around like a Marionette Pop your knees up and down, sh-sh-shakin ya neck [Akiva Schaffer] Now pull your waistband up like you expectin a flood and slick your hair down flat like it was covered in mud Trim up your pencil mustache and pop them peepers Put this in your speakers - you a certified creeper [Chorus 2: The Lonely Island] When you see a country peach layin out at the beach Do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  And when a fine PYT walks in front of your tree Do The Creep (HOOOOOH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  [Andy Samberg] I was 6 years old when I started creepin My parents took it to their room and I started peepin You can't imagine their surprise when they lifted their heads and saw my little ass creepin at the foot of the bed [Akiva Schaffer] Yeah, they knew I was a creep, since the day I was born! Poppin out my momma like some kettle corn Yeah the doctor caught my head and he started freakin 'Cause I came out clean, and I came out creepin! [The Lonely Island] Nicki, Nicki NICKI, NICKI, NICKI, NICKI [Nicki Minaj] When I was a girl, I creeped in the boys' locker room Hide deep inside, it was my little creep s-s-stalker room As they disrobed, I was ooglin and ogglin Little did they know, that for me, they were modelin And I would laugh -- HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA, HAAAH! And they would dance -- (La-la-la-la-la-la-la, lah!) So pop-pop-pop your peepers and t-t-tweak out your sneakers Don't sleep, come on get your Creep on wit me! [Chorus 3: Lonely Island + Nicki Minaj] Gon' get to sweatin off a bride at her wedding Do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  Or when you sneak into a wake and you see a beefcake Do The Creep (HOOOOOH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  When the judge is a hottie and you can't control your body Do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!) And do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  So getcha knees flexin and ya arms T-Rexin And Creep (HOOOOOH!) Do The Creep (HAAAAAAH!)  [John Waters] And don't forget to smile! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Battle of the Sexes Song: My Chick Bad Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  My chick bad, my chick hood My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could My-my chick bad, my chick hood My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours My-my-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours My-my chick bad, badder-badder than yours [Ludacris] Listen, I'm sayin my chick bad, my chick hood My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could My chick bad, badder than yours My chick do stuff that I can't even put in words Her swagger don't stop, her body won't quit So fool pipe down, you ain't talkin 'bout SHIT! M-m-my chick bad, tell me if you seen her She always bring the racket like Venus and Serena All white top, all white belt And all white jeans, body lookin like milk! No-no time for games, she's full grown My chick bad, tell yo' chick to go home! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Ludacris] Now-now-now-now-now-now Now your girl might be sick but my girl's sicker She rides that dick and she handles her liquor Will knock a bitch out, annnnd FIGHT! Comin out swingin like Tiger Woods' wife Yeahhh, she could get a little hasty Chicks better cover up they chest like pasties Couple girlfriends and they ALL a little crazy Comin down the street like a parade, Macy's! (Whoo!) I fill 'er up, balloons! Test her and guns get drawn like cartoons D'oh! But I ain't talkin 'bout Homer Chick's so bad the whole crew wanna bone her Yeah! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Nicki Minaj] Yo, yo, now-now-now-now Now all these bitches wanna try and be my besty But I take a left and leave them hangin like a testie Trash talk to 'em then I put 'em in a Hefty Runnin down the court I'm dunkin on 'em, Lisa Leslie! It-it-it-it-it's goin down, basement +Friday the 13th+, guess who's playin Jason? Tuck yourself in, you better hold onto your teddy It's +Nightmare on Elm Street+ and guess who's playin Freddy?! {My chick bad} Chef cookin for me They say my shoe game crazy, the mental asylum lookin for me (Ha ha ha ha) You a rookie to me I'm in that wham-bam purple Lam', damn bitch you been a fan! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Ludacris] Luda, DTP! And when we all alone {I might just tip her} She slides down the pole {like a certified stripper} When we all alone {I might tip, tip her} She slides down the pole {like a certified stripper} When-when we all alone {I might just tip her} She slides down the pole {like a certified stripper} When we all alone {I might just tip her} She slides down the pole {like a certified stripper, I kinda like that} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ M.I.A., Nicki Minaj Album: MDNA Song: Give Me All Your Luvin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] L-U-V, Madonna Y-O-U, you wanna [Madonna] I see you comin and I don't wanna know your name (L-U-V, Madonna) I see you comin and you're gonna have to change the game (Y-O-U, you wanna) Would you like to try? Give me a reason why; give me all that you got Maybe you'll do fine, as long as you don't lie to me and pretend to be what you're not [Chorus: Madonna] Don't play the stupid game cause I'm a different kind of girl Every record sounds the same, you've got to step into my world Give me all your love and give me your love Give me all your love today Give me all your love and give me your love Let's forget about time, and dance our lives away [Intro] [Madonna] Keep tryin don't give up, that's if you want it bad enough (L-U-V, Madonna) It's right in front of you, now tell me what you're thinkin of (Y-O-U, you wanna) In another place, at a different time, you can be my lucky star We can drink some wine, burgundy is fine, let's drink the bottle every drop [Nicki Minaj] Give me all your love boy You can be my boy, you can be my boy toy In the nick of time, I can say a sicker rhyme Cause it's time for change, like a nickel or a dime I'm Roman! I'm a +Barbarian+, I'm +Conan+ You was sleepin on me, you were dozin Now move!! I'm goin in [Bridge: Madonna] You have all the L-U-V I gave you everything you need (now move!) Now it's up to Y-O-U Are you the one, shall we proceed? [M.I.A.] Me it, licks, I'm so swag shit Glad, no one gave you this It's super sonic, bionic, uranium hit So I break 'em off tricks Let's pray that it sticks I'ma say this once, yeah, I don't give a shit [Chorus] w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madonna f/ LMFAO, Nicki Minaj Album: MDNA Song: Give Me All Your Luvin' (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: LMFAO] Pa-party rock! Party, pa-party rock! {*2X*} Yeah [Chorus: Madonna] Don't play the stupid game cause I'm a different kind of girl Every record sounds the same, you've got to step into my world Give me all your love and give me your love Give me all your love today Give me all your love and give me your love Let's forget about time, and dance our lives away [Bridge: repeat 2X] L-U-V, Madonna Y-O-U, you wanna [Madonna] Give me all your love and give me your love Give me all your love today Give me all your love and give me your love Let's forget about time, and dance our lives away [Nicki Minaj] Give me all your love boy You can be my boy, you can be my boy toy In the nick of time, I can say a sicker rhyme Cause it's time for change, like a nickel or a dime I'm Roman! I'm a +Barbarian+, I'm +Conan+ You was sleepin on me, you were dozin Now move!! I'm goin in [LMFAO] YO~! I'm Trojan Pin you on the mat, Hulk Hogan Take you to the max then go again My slogan (I'm sexy and) I KNOW IT! Show it Baby girl it's yo' moment Work it, work it, own it Give me your love devote it all [Chorus] breaks down into repeats of "L-U-V, Madonna; Y-O-U, you wanna" [LMFAO] Ho-ho-ho-ho-hold up! Baby girl your man look to' up You should be with me, I'm swoll up Knock it out the park, home run Witty +Young Money+, +I'm On One+, +A Milli+ Carve the sky, I am and know Willie Like-like a bird, jump and I really can't can't breathe with your love gon' kill me so [Madonna] Give me all your love and give me your love Give me all your love today Give me all your love and give me your love Let's forget about time, and dance our lives away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mavado f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Give It All To Me (Remix) (S) Song: Give It All To Me (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Mavado] (*Nicki Minaj) I want yuh give it all to me (*Mavado!) I want yuh give it all to me (*Long time mi nuh see nuh badman like yuh zeen!) Di wey yuh a wine gyal yuh know seh yuh groovy (We The Best! Tun up di sound!) Yuh a tell mi yuh bad now a time fi yuh prove it [Verse One: Mavado] Party 'til di sun comes up 'til di sun goes down, tun up di sound Bad girls all around, oh so round like a english pound Like a dog mi a roam, like a dog to a bone Nuh long talk like nuh phone Like a benz wid chrome mi haffi mek har my own So girl [Chorus: Mavado] (Nicki Minaj) I want yuh give it all to me, give it all to me Gyal di wey yuh a wine gyal yuh know seh yuh groovy, yuh groovy Dem a pree dem a stare dem a watch like movie, movie Yuh a tell mi yuh bad now a time fi yuh prove it, so prove it (Uh!) [Verse Two: Nicki Minaj] Aiyyo Mavado! tell 'em lick a shot, hallow {*Gunshot*} Tell 'em seh we straight, arrow Tell 'em di flow tight, narrow Everyting we did a start dem borrow C-C-C-C-Cruised up, link my dudes up The coupe black and blue yep it's bruised up (What!) I'm like, who's up? (Uh Huh!) Girls it's used up (OK!) If these niggas my sons I tied my tubes up Tell 'em again bad gyal, toasters oozed up (Come on!) I hit up instagram, post some nudes up (UH!) Bun fyah, rub it, pop a wheelie Caribbean girls run it, ask RiRi [Chorus: Mavado] I want yuh give it all to me, give it all to me Gyal di wey yuh a wine gyal yuh know seh yuh groovy, yuh groovy Dem a pree dem a stare dem a watch like movie, movie Yuh a tell mi yuh bad now a time fi yuh prove it, so prove it [Verse Two: Mavado] Hotness check, sexyness check Walk past man a bruk dem neck Style, check, intelligence check Pandemonium when yuh step So just send mi a text, what's that message mi nuh use BBM Gyal yuh hotta than dem, gyal yuh a problem So mi seh girl [Chorus: Mavado] I want yuh give it all to me, give it all to me Gyal di wey yuh a wine gyal yuh know seh yuh groovy, yuh groovy Dem a pree dem a stare dem a watch like movie, movie Yuh a tell mi yuh bad now a time fi yuh prove it, so prove it [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] I'll handle you, let me dance for you I might be thinkin bout leavin my mans for you I'll handle you, let me dance for you I might be thinkin bout leavin my mans for you Yeah! [Outro: Mavado] Like a dog mi a roam, like a dog to a bone Nuh long talk like nuh phone Like a benz wid chrome mi haffi mek har my own [Nicki Minaj]: Make me your own baby! Make me your own baby! I'm here! I'm here! I'm heeeeeeeeeeeereeeeeeeeeee!!!!! [Mavado] (Nicki Minaj) So girl (Pretty girl inna di place!) I want yuh give it all to me (Mavado!) Di wey yuh a wine gyal yuh know seh yuh groovy, yuh groovy (YAH!!!!) Artist: Nelly f/ Nicki Minaj, Pharrell Album: M.O. Song: Get Like Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Pharrell] All y'all niggaz wanna get like me Surrounded by bitches that look like these You know it, you know it You know it, you know it (tell 'em again) All my niggaz be blowin on trees Hands so sick so they throwin them ki's You know it, you know it You know it, you know it [Nelly] Now say all y'all niggaz wanna get like me All y'all niggaz wanna get like me Now who wanna shake, don't look and see And then count the bitches nigga 1-2-3 I said and if you feel like somethin else there Then tell her that you down for somethin else, yeah And if she say cause as far as it goes Don't worry, she's straight like a actress nose You can ball and ball, do it wall to wall Just sayin that you can't do it small is all If you can floss Rolex over Audemar On the arm and I'm out-shining all of y'all Can you feel it? Hey, hey Do you want more? Hey, hey 'Til your back's sore? Hey, hey So let's go, let's go [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, I'm the shiz-niyee You should follow my example, bitch, I.E. Cause I'm front row, Isaac Mizrahi In the truck but I ain't suck diz-niyee A-a-all these hoes wanna get like me G-g-get they own speakers and some pose like me W-w-when I'm at the game, all the pros like me B-b-bitch I'm a pro, ain't a hoe like me Bitches ain't stuntin in the cold like me Some call me +Bitchie+ so Necole like me Pull up in the Ghost, East Coast like me My nigga spend money like the coke price free Uh... bon voyage Nicki M. Baby, Buns Minaj Back of the 'bach slumpty, Humpty Dumpty On the back of the bike, these stunts be comfy [Pharrell] Uh... you wrong Why you dance solo to this song? Where your boyfriend at? He gone? Is that a napkin you put your number on? Look... you so wrong Drop down shorty, get your eagle on Tell yo' boyfriend you stayin with Simone Matter fact, put your number in my phone [Nelly] I'm a - fly nigga tatted up with a fade Yeah I was rockin waves when them niggaz had braids It was - Air Force 1's then I took 'em all to J's Now they wanna play (DUMB) like they from the (Bay!) I was - tourin overseas, 250 e'ry day Just came back in the middle of the May It was - in the Maybach with this chick named May Wanna know if she can do me, shawty yes you may! See the whole rap game, sounded like me Put that on the drums and it sound like P Shorty say she horny, sound like E So she wanna bring her partner, okay that sound like three Fresh off the yacht, feet in the sand Walked in the club, meetin demand Got a whip on the lot 'bout 400 grand Go around my nigga, push me close to hand Cause [Pharrell] Uh... {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Nicki Minaj Album: God Forgives, I Don't Song: You the Boss Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Rick Ross] Huh..  {M-M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} In the world of so many Baby girl, you are that one I deserve that, I deserve you Huh... [Chorus: Nicki Minaj] (I'll do anything that you say  Anything 'cause you the boss)  You the boss, you-you-you the boss mayne You the boss, you-you-you the boss mayne You the boss, you-you-you the boss mayne You the boss, you-you-you the boss  You-you-you-you-you the boss, you-you-you the boss mayne You the boss, you-you-you-you-you the boss mayne You the boss, you-you-you the boss mayne [Rick Ross] Rozay a born stunna, I could blow money  Fifty when I'm shoppin, that ain't no money I got my jeans saggin, money stuffed in 'em I got 40 whips, way too much in 'em I need me a queen, I need me a dime Livin this fast life, just show me a sign I'm a G, I-I-I-I-I'm a G  Took her from the lame, put her on that condo on that beach (WHOO!) All she needs, ah-ah-ah-ah-all she needs is a boss on my level who provides every need All I fiend is a queen in my presence I can hold until I die, couple Gs' in her Bezel I'm a boss [Rick Ross] Still runnin the streets 'cause +every day I'm hustlin+ Double MG went in and the streets is lovin it {M-M-Maybach Music} All this paper comin and my baby touchin it (WHOO!) I pin her to the wall, you know this boy be BUS'IN it Fur coats in the winter, look like a polar bear Stunnin in the snow, these haters they can go somewhere Indoor pool (WHOO!) - Outdoor pool (WHOO!)  Indoor court, talkin Ray J. moves Seven Rolls Royces, pink slips like a boss Champagne on her body, time to lick it off Me and baby girl a winning combination Ownership is my conversation, I'm a boss [Bridge: Nicki Minaj] (Rick Ross) Oh... (Talk to me) I watch... You play... (What'chu sayin, baby?) And I'll dooooo, whatever you say (Boss) Oh I, Ohhhhh I-iiiiii watch you play And I'll dooooo, whatever you say [Outro: Nicki Minaj] (Ross) You could take it anyway you want to Baby I promise that I'll never disappoint you Just watch how I make it my motherfuckin point to Get a raise.... (Huh!) Get a raise~! (Huh!) Oooooooooh-ooooooooooh-aaaaaah (You only live once baby, let's do it big..c'mon) You the b-ah-ah-ah-OSS (BOSS), the b-ah-ah-ah-OSS (BOSS) You the b-ah-ah-ah-OSS (Huh!), the b-ah-ah-ah-OSS-man (HUH!) ...You the b-ah-ah-ah-OSS, the b-ah-ah-ah-OSS-man 'ey daddy won'tchu come and be my boss? (Yea) Lemme work it thru you with no days off (Yea) Hey daddy won'tchu come and be my boss? (Yea) No daaaaaays off (Huh!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sean Kingston f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Letting Go (Dutty Love) single Song: Letting Go (Dutty Love) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Nicki Minaj] Hey yo Sean, you Mr. Kingston [Chorus 1 - Sean Kingston] Dutty dutty dutty love I'm feeling like you're letting go Dutty dutty dutty love I'm feeling like you're letting go Dutty dutty dutty love I'm feeling like you're letting go Dutty dutty dutty love [Sean Kingston] Don't be scared girl, call on me 'Cuz me ah want you for my eyes I'm a lover, you see And the way you ah whine and the way you ah gwan Say de man dem ah try fi rush ya, like dem prey non-stop But baby girl will you be mine Let go, show your skin because you're one of a kind Me nah go lie, girl I must be in love 'Cuz the way you ah whine you have me caught up [Chorus 2 - Sean Kingston] Dutty dutty dutty love I'm feeling like you're letting go Dutty dutty dutty love I'm feeling like you're letting go Dutty dutty dutty love I'm feeling like you're letting go Dutty dutty dutty love What if you would just come right out of these clothes You can finally feel the wind when it blows Don't be scared to be free to let go, show it off Feel like letting go Oh oh oh oh [Sean Kingston] I'm hearing your man not right 'Cuz you need Sean King inna your life, gyal King ah mi name and mi name can't change And if I come over there I'll let go with them lips Yo, I feel like letting go If you never know, baby now you know 'Cuz you're one of a kind, and you dress so fine Like my diamond on my chain, you shine so bright now. [Chorus 2] [Nicki Minaj] Hey yo Sean, you Mr. Kingston You say you have it, Louis it, and then some Look how you gwan in ah your ice You pretty and you nice You done know say Nicki ah your wife But true say I be up where you stay I aint like them other bitches that be actin' loosely Know you gettin' hype, I know you wanna get up in it But I just want to think about it for another minute I think I like your style ya'll Why ya'll Why don't we let go Hey yo And I ain't try to tell 'em And I ain't try to sell 'em It's YSL teddy I ain't gotta spell it And yes, I killa kill 'em I guess I am the villain I park on the curb, I'm the owner of the building Ya deaf? Boy me soon lef' Come get this Playboy bunny like Hugh Hef Sigh Rastafari Dutty dutty d-d-d-dutty [Sean Kingston] What if you would just come right out of these clothes You can finally feel the wind when it blows Don't be scared to be free to let go, show it off Feel like letting go Oh oh oh oh Feel like letting go Oh oh oh oh Feel like letting go Oh oh oh oh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ 2 Chainz, Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj & Rick Ross Album: Hands Up (S) Song: Hands Up  Typed by: Cedmaster3K [Chorus: Swizz Beatz] + {female} (WOO!) All they talk about is dollars  (DAMN!) You ain't talkin' to man, holla! Two doors in the air And if you celebrating put your cups in the air {Let me see your hands up one time} {Let me see your, let me see your hands up one time} {Let me see your, let me see your hands up, hands up, hands up} {Let me see your hands up, hands up, hands up} [Lil Wayne] Uh, pass that weed to a real nigga Your girl is my biggest fan, windmill nigga Lil Tunechi in this bitch, where my skateboard? I jack a nigga queen, I don't play cards Let me see your hands up like a gun in your face Gimme her combination I'mma put my tongue in her safe And if the time is wasted I'mma clean it up like a maid Make your woman a slave, Weezy F is the grade Bitches sweatin' me like they been in the desert for days They say the best kept secret is kept in the grave New coupe is a dog, no roof on it Diamond sparkle in my mouth, bluetooth homie Yeah to say the least, Swizz this beat is a beast And my homies got that work, they +Alicia+'n them +Keys+ (WOO!) Hands up in the air like we don't care And that TrukFit shit is all we wear [Nicki Minaj] Mmm, uh, mmm, aiyyo Pass the crown to the real queen You know the girl get it poppin' like a pill fiend I got little bunny rabbits in my backyard So fuck a funny style fraud, tryna act hard Uhn, you my son, no daddy you a bast-ard Plus you got mad miles on your vag card Nah, I can't work with none of them They talk slick and wondering why I be son'n them I said bitch I'm a mogul, yes I am global I don't do Barnes but yes I am noble Every interview yes I am their focal, point But I don't give a fluck, boink A-A-Ain't going no where like horses in a stable Bitch I'm in the mansion, flossin', clickin' cable N-N-Now where my bad bitches? W-W-Where #PrettyGang T-T-T-Twerk that ass and let dem titties hang [Rick Ross] Rosay! {M-M-Maybach Music} Tatted like a Navajo, she lookin' half Cherokee (woo!) Roll down on her when I used to have a Cherokee Now it's Bugattis, haters keep gettin' bodied Talkin' can't breathe, hoodlums all in your lobby I can tell by your shoes that your ponytail new (new) Tell how you move, I see your Summer Jam too (too) Tell by the jewels, I'm a hundred grand dude (dude) Really a lot more, I'm talkin' channel 4 news (WOO!) Blocka they better duck, bullet-proofin' the truck (hah) Crossin' the power circle the nigga ran out of luck Ridin' in the Rolls, yeah you know it's that don (don) New crib lookin' like Kim Dotcom (HUH) [Chorus] - first half only [2 Chainz] Yeah.. 2 Chainz! You know I'm bout it, whenever, wherever I'm smoking on strong, this is that steroid era Got my leather on lookin' like Thunderdome I got your girl at home, she got that Thunderdome Let me see you touch the clouds, we could shut it down From the Dirty South, muzzle on my mouth ROOF! I'm a dog, I'm in it I pick your girl up like it's a fuckin' calisthenic (whoa!) If she throw it at me I'mma catch it Let me see you pat your weave if you ratchet I see you do your thing when you dancin' Now let me see you do your thing on the mattress [Chorus] - 1.5X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Robin Thicke f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Sex Therapy Song: Shakin' it 4 Daddy Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Daddy.. oh daddy Papi oh papi Sup.. I wanna dance.. yeah.. (Chorus) Cause she shakin it for daddy (yeah) She shakin it for me (yeah) She shakin it for daddy (yeah) She Shakin it for me She liftin up her ass, and she drop it to the beat She shakin it so fast, for the cash.. Ching-a-ling She ready and she lookin for a bank roll.. Ching-a-ling She movin right around, like a mari-go.. Ching-a-ling She be like: I be, I be, I be, on that money shit (Ching-a-ling) She be like: I Be, I be, I be, on that money shit (yeahh Ladies!) (Nicki Minaj) (Ay yo!) I be, I be, I be, I be, I be, I be on that money shit Get da sloppy toppy roger copy I be running shit Money in the air its a festival Cause I ba-ba-ba-ba-ball no testicals (hm) Im flyer than an eagle thats balding I throw it back like hair lines, thats balding I say balling, I dont mean spaldings I never answer when the referees calling (Robin Thicke) She got me jerkin in the back Think Im bout to fall in love Cause she make that booty roll When she comin down the pole Thats when she comin hard From cash to credit cards Got me spendin all my money Shit, I couldve bought a car (yeah) You know you like it yeah You know you like it yeah Yeah I like it babe, (ohh) yeah I like it babe You know you want it yeah Yeah you want it yeah Yeah I want it babe, oh-ohhh (Chorus) Cause she shakin it for daddy (yeah) She shakin it for me (yeah) She shakin it for daddy (yeah) She Shakin it for me She liftin up her ass, and she drop it to the beat She shakin it so fast, for the cash.. Ching-a-ling She ready and she lookin for a bank roll.. Ching-a-ling She movin right around, like a mari-go.. Ching-a-ling She be like: I be, I be, I be, on that money shit (Ching-a-ling) She be like: I Be, I be, I be, on that money shit (Robin Thicke) And when I saw the girl grab me and she whispered in my ear She said this other girl aint doin shit Its crackin over here She put my hand on her booty And her jigglin me woozy Now we bout to make a movie in the club, go stupid You know you like it yeah You know you like it yeah Yeah I like it babe, (ohh) yeah I like it babe You know you want it yeah Yeah you want it yeah Yeah I want it babe (Chorus) Cause she shakin it for daddy (yeah) She shakin it for me (yeah) She shakin it for daddy She Shakin it for me She liftin up her ass, and she drop it to the beat She shakin it so fast, for the cash.. Ching-a-ling She ready and she lookin for a bank roll.. Ching-a-ling She movin right around, like a mari-go.. Ching-a-ling She be like: I be, I be, I be, on that money shit (Ching-a-ling) She be like: I Be, I be, I be, on that money shit (Nicki Minaj) You was sleeping on me thinkin it was slumber time Now imma trender topic lil mama number sign Wa-wanna play, Meet me at the fumble line Cause Im a ninja, Cowabunga time Buzzing like a bee, but no I dont sting-a-ling Jing-a-ling-a-ling, I show dem da middle finger ring Ting-a-ling-a-ling, school bell a-ring-a-ling Stick shift the ding-a-ling,Ball like Yao Ming-a-ling Cuse me, Whatt happen? Im flyerr den a robin Im flyer then an Eagle,Yea Donovan Mcnabban(Mcnabb) And wen I pop dat pussy, I pop it on his Suzuki I pop it so crazy cookie Im rockin them daisy dukies (oh) I be shakin it for daddy, He want more more more Got that Bently, Got that Caddy, And theyre all 4 door If I pull him by the collar, Boy he gonna holla I be shakin it for daddy, He want more more more (Chorus) Cause she shakin it for daddy (oh) She shakin it for me (yeah) She shakin it for daddy (oh-ohh) She Shakin it for me She liftin up her ass, and she drop it to the beat She shakin it so fast, for the cash.. Ching-a-ling (ooh) She ready and she lookin for a bank roll.. Ching-a-ling She movin right around, like a mari-go.. Ching-a-ling She be like: I be, I be, I be, on that money shit (Ching-a-ling) She be like: I Be, I be, I be, on that money shit Yeah girl She shakin it for daddy She shakin it for daddy She shakin it.. I be on that money shit I be on that money shit I be on that money shit I be on that money shit (OH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trey Songz f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Passion, Pain & Pleasure Song: Bottoms Up Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro: Trey Songz] It's Mr Steal your girl It's Mr Steal your girl hey girl hey girl hey girl hey girl let go Bottoms up bottoms up ever see your cup got a couple bottles but a couple aint enough Bottoms up bottoms up throw your hands up tell security we bout to tear this club up Bottoms up bottoms up pocket full of green girl you know I love the way you shake it in those jeans Bottoms up bottoms up throw your hands up bottoms up bottoms up [Trey Songz - Verse 1] You know what it is girl we back up in this thing money stay in my pocket girl I'm like a walking bank tell me what you drink tell me what you think If I go get these bottles we go alcohol insane [Bridge] calling all the girls do you hear me all around the World city to city Its cheers to the girls throw dueces to they guys I got a chicken no goose in the ride getting loose in the ride hatin ass n-gga you can move to the move to the move to the side [Trey Songz - Verse 2] My visions blurred my words slurred its jam packed a million girls and I aint tryna leave though we drunk so let me be your alcohol hero [Bridge] [Nicki Minaj] Can I get that 'Tron? Can I get that Remy? Can I get that coke? Can I get that Henny? Can I get that margarita on the rock-rock-rocks? Can I get salt all around that rim-rim-rim-rim? Trey? I was like, "Yo, Trey? Do you think you could buy me a bottle of Rose?" Okay, let's get it now I'm wit a bad bitch, he's with his friends I don't say hi, I say "Keys to the Benz" "Keys to the Benz?" "Keys to Benz!" Muf-cking right, yep weed to the ten If A Bitch Try To Get Cute, I'ma Stuff Her Throw A Lot Money At Her, Then Yell "f-ck Her!" fuck Her. f-ck Her. Then Yell "f-ck Her!" Then I'ma Go And Get My Louisville Slugger Excuse Me. I'm Sorry. I'm Really Such A Lady I Rep Young Money. You Know.. Slim.. Baby? And We Be Doing Donuts While We Waving A 380 We Give A Lot Of Money To The Babies Out In Haiti Yelling "All Around The World. Do You Hear Me?" Do You Like My Body? Anna Nicki Rest In Peace To Anna Nicole Smith Yes. My Dear, You're So Explosive Say Hi To Mary, Mary And Joseph Now Bottoms Up & Double My Dosage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyga f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Careless World: Rest of the Last King Song: Muthafucka Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Okay man, are you ready to go?  I'm ready to go, now c'mon now  Crank this motherfucker up! [Tyga] Ha ha... Young Money... AHH~! Y.M., C.M.B., rawest niggaz doing it School for the blind, I don't see these niggaz doin it I'm doin it and doin it and doin it well Niggaz wanna test me boy, who wanna fail? Hit you like a bully bitch, yeah saved by the bell If you scared, go to church, I'll see you in Hell And your girl, she a flip, give me heads or tails Everybody fake so I got real for sale Gu-gunpowder fill the air Rappers shittin' on theyself, you could smell the fear And these bitches layin flowers cause the king is near T-Raw this is the new +Flava In Ya Ear+ Niggaz softer than baby hair Why you actin tough? Heard you work at Build-a-Bear I'ma a dealer, all my girls come in deuce and pairs I'm in the buildin, I construct so {"crank this motherfucker up"} W-w-w-w-what the funk you beezy's want? I'm ready to +Hump+ the car I call it +Elephunk+, the trunk in the front Man she give me good brain cause she feel dumb I just keep goin like the bunny 'til I feel numb Yeah these bitches want it, I put my mans on it That 110 Sup' and that Ferrari Caliornia Ni-niggaz want beef, ca-call me Tony Romo You potatoes on the sofa... ha ha ha Lazy motherfuckers why you ain't even try yet? +Rich or Die Tryin+ why you niggaz ain't died yet? Wings tattoo, yeah forever on some fly shit And I'm with the business, skip PYOOM with a iey clip Stay on the flight, yeah I'ma trip Probably up in paradise, chillin like Parliaments Flow got a boner, you could say I'm on some harder shit 'Bout to make the speaker buss {"crank this motherfucker up!"} [Chorus: repeat and chop sample] {"Crank this motherfucker up!"} [Nicki Minaj] Oh-oh-okay really I get money I get money like a biiitch She ain't gon' no-whurr, but I swear that bitch a triiip Yeah! You see how them diamonds get to dancin Ehhh! Yeah your money short, get some pants and shit I be with a nigga with a big ol' dick Yeah I like them balls, you be shootin them bricks Fuck you in the game fo'? Bitch we up three sippin this game fo' Tell 'em listen, couple bad bitcheses Out in Kingston, kickin up bricks and shit Intervention, bitch I pay your pension Oh you sayin WHAT?! I don't pay attention Y-y-y-y-yeah these niggaz want it, I put my bitches on it You know the tattoo's got Nicki initials on it I put the pussy on 'em, cook 'em a pot roast Then pull off in the Ghost, b-b-bitch I do the most [Tyga] What the funk you beezies want? It ain't your turn Better have my money +Friday+ like +Big Worm+ Can't see you niggaz, you like a little germ Bitches know I'm "egg-scellent," like +Mr. Burns+ See my dick like butter churn Baby churn and your girl with me fo'shure, that ain't your concern She forgot about her other man, she will never learn On a mic till I die, R.I.P. chick her Ye-yessir, colder than a Pittsburgh win-TER Fresher than a +Will Smith+ t-shirt These spurs comin through, Last King in a hearse Ask later, shoot first, got shooters like dirt Winnin hurts, leave you losers bruised up Bruce Lee nunchucks, to' from the floor up Go duck, rubber duck, now you like "Oh shucks" Tell the neighbors I don't give a fuck {"crank this motherfucker up"} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Nicki Minaj Album: Raymond vs. Raymond Song: Little Freak Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Usher] Yeah, hehe, yeah man [Usher] Ay Polow, they ain't ready for this one {*breathes hard*} [Nicki] You want me get you somethin daddy? [Usher] Ay girl, yeah you the business, so what the bid'ness? Don't be shy, I'm just talkin to you girl Hey ma, yo where yo' man at? I know you got that Cause you too fine to be single out here girl He at home, but he done fucked up, I swooped his girl up And what I'm 'bout to do he'll feel I did him wrong Cause, I'm 'bout to have a mnage- with his lady and some freaks at the bar, who like fuckin with a star I told her [Chorus: Usher] If you're fuckin with me, really fuckin with me You go get some girls and, bring 'em to me If you're fuckin with me, really fuckin with me You'll let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak (yeah) Be my little freak (yeah) be my little freak Let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak (yeah) If you're fuckin with me, really fuckin with me You'll let her put her hands in your pants, be my little freak [Usher] Ay girl, I see you like that, you gettin excited And you're rockin like a pro with it girl By the way, you got right on it, with the chick you wanted And now you in the corner kissin on a girl Ah-ah, I'm 'bout to have a mnage- with these here ladies Look at them freaks at the bar, yeah they lookin for a star I told her [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Nicki Minaj] + (Usher) Yo, yo Excuse me little mama but you could say I'm on duty (yeah) I'm lookin for a cutie, a real big ol' ghetto booty (big ol') I really like your kitty cat and if you let me touch her I know you're not a bluffer, I'll take you to go see Usher (yeah man) I keep a couple hoes like Santa, I keep a vixen Got that Dasher, Dancer, Prancer, Dixen, Comet, Cupid, Donner, Blitzen! I'm hotter than, a hundred degrees A lot of bread, no sesame seeds If I'm in yo' city I'm signin them "tig ol' bitties" (yeah) I'm plottin on how I can take Cassie away from Diddy (gon' get it girl) The girls want a mnage/Minaj, yeah they wetter than the rainin (ohh!) Usher buzz me in, everybody loves Raymond! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Usher] Yeah... if you fuckin Hey yeah, gon' get it girl You wit it girl, you comin girl Ha ha ha ha, sup nigga? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wale f/ Juicy J, Nicki Minaj Album: The Gifted Song: Clappers Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Shawty got a big ol' butt Bounce Bounce Bounce Bounce [Chorus: Wale] Clappers to the front, front, front, front Clappers to the front, front, front, front Shawty got a big ol' butt Oh Yeah!!! [Verse 1: Wale] Bounce, bounce, bounce, fool - I put the city on Bounce, bounce, bounce, fool - then I put my niggaz on Bounce, bounce, bounce, fool - I ain't gotta say too much It's rap anticipation keeping radiant stadium Rap fool, see that from a block away I ain't pessimistic but I dropped a couple not today OOOOH - Bet she call you not today I told 'em all my lot is out I know the thing like scarlatine Ooooh - I wonder if she shot up I just know her favorite song is "Started from the Bottom" And I ain't hating mama, fact I wanna take your number Said you save yo bread from Magic something happened then went Wala! [Chorus: Wale] [Verse 2: Juicy J] Shawty come shake that ass for me Let a trippy nigga see what you working with Can you clap that ass, do a handstand, girl Make you do a wiggle, do a perfect split She got the fattest ass, she got the perfect tits I wanna get some head, come on work your lips I'm high in the clouds ain't coming down I'm so turned up I can't find the ground Supersonic nigga got me smoking weed by the pound Make it flip [?] Juicy got chips like Frito-Lay And I'm fucking these chicks out of D.O.A I'm so dopeboy fresh that you think that I'm selling blow tape Your chick to be, I be a getting her pregnant in her throat [Bridge: Juicy J] Shawty bust it open for me, I might throw this cash Shawty throw that ass like a Hail Mary pass I'm fucking me a new chick every night Make that ass clap, I don't care about that cellulite [Chorus: Wale] [Verse 3: Wale] Clappers to the front, got a backwood full of skunk Got a white boy with the funnel gentrifying, that's whats up! Clappers to the front, got a [?] full of scum Now she finna bust it loose, screaming rest in peace to Chuck It's that DMV, at the KOD And I can CC you these CC's But don't be OC [Verse 4: Nicki Minaj] Shout out to that cellulite Got a real bad bitch that will sex you right Got another bad bitch who set you right Got a couple hoodrats on Section 8 Make a nigga cum, don't procrastinate Ass saw a 5-0 come crack the case Got ass for days, come activate This ass on fire evacuate Throw that ass in the air, evaporate Where your money little bitch? Evaluate If you got big money elaborate I'mma shake this ass 'till I graduate [Chorus: Wale] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Nicki Minaj (uncredited) Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: Dark Fantasy Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Nicki Minaj - Intro] You might think you've peeped the scene, you haven't The real one's far too mean The watered-down one, the one you know was made up centuries ago They made it sound all wack and corny Yes, it's awful, blasted boring Twisted fiction, sick addiciton Well gather 'round children - ZIP IT LISTEN! {"Could we get much higher?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West & Jay-Z f/ Bon Iver, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Charlie Wilson Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: Monster Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Justin Vernon of Bon Iver] Iiiiiiii shoot the lights out Hiiiiiiide 'til it's bright out Whooooooooa, just another lonely night Are you willing to sacrifice your life?  (WAHHHHHHHHHH!!) {*roars*} [Rick Ross] Bitch, I'm a monster, no-good blood sucker Fat motherfucker, now look who's in trouble As you run through my jungle, all you hear is rumbles Kanye West sample, here's one for example [Chorus: Kanye West] Gossip gossip, nigga just stop it Everybody know {I'M A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER} I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands at the concert I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands at the concert Profit profit, nigga I got it Everybody know I'm a motherfuckin monster I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands at the concert I'ma need to see ya fuckin hands.. [Kanye West] Uh, the best living or dead hands down, huh Less talk, more head right now, huh And my eyes more red than the devil is And I'm 'bout to take it to another level, bitch It's nada who you go and get, ain't nobody as cold as this Do the rap, and the track, tripled up and no assist And my only focus is, stayin on some bogus shit Argue with my older bitch, ackin like I owe her shit I heard the preacher sayin raps are gettin trap, mayne Bought the chain that always give me back pain Fuckin up my money so, yeah I had to act sane Chi nigga, but hes holdin up my ac-cent She came up to me and said, "This the number 2 gal" If you wanna make it number one, you're number two now This that Goose and Malibu I call it Maliboo-yah Goddamn, Yeezy~! How I hit em with the new style? Know that mothafucka well, what you gon' do now? Whatever ever I wanna do - GOSH! It's cool now Dah-gunna do, UNGH! Sa-noo nawh Think you motherfucka really really need to cool down (naaaow) 'Cause you will never get on top off this So mami, best advice is to get on top of this Have you ever had sex with a pharooooo-ahhh? I put the pussy in a sarcophagus! Now she claimin I bruise her esophagus Head of the class and she just want a swallow-ship I'm livin the future, so the present is my past My presence is a present, kiss my ass! [Jay-Z] Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong, Lochness  Goblin, ghoul, a zombie with no conscience Question: What do these things all have in common? Everybody knows I'm a motherfuckin monster! Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense Nonsense, none of you niggaz know where the swamp is None of you niggaz have seen the carnage that I've seen I still hear fiends scream, in my dreams Murder murder in black convertibles I, kill a block, I murder the avenues, ah! Rape and pillage a village, women and children Everybody wanna know what my Achilles' heel is LOVE! I don't get enough of it All I get is these vampires and blood suckers All I see is these niggaz I made millionnaires Millin about, spillin they feelings in the air All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs Tryna draw blood with my ice cold veins {*sniffs*} I smell a massacre Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up {*roars*} [Nicki Minaj] Pull up in a monster automobile, gangsta wit a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka Yeah, I'm in that Tonka, color of Willy Wonka You could be the king, but watch the queen conquer Okay first things first, I'll eat your brains Then I'ma start rockin gold teeth and fangs 'Cause that's what a motherfuckin monster do Hairdresser from Milan, that's the monster 'do Monster Giuseppe heel, that's the monster shoe Young Money is the roster and a monster crew And I'm all up, all up, all up, in the bank with the funny face And if I'm fake, I ain't notice 'cause my money ain't!!! So let me get this straight - Wait, +Im+ the rookie? But my features and my shows ten times your pay? 50k for a verse, no album OUT! Yeah my moneys so tall that my Barbies gotta climb it! Hotter than a Middle Eastern cli-mate, find it  Tony Matterhorn, +Dutty Wine+ it, wine it Nicki on dem titties when I sign iiiiiiiiit-AH! How these niggas so one-track mind-ed But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K Forget Barbie, fuck Nicki, so she's fake Shes on a diet, but my POCKETS EATIN CHEESECAKE! And Ill say, "Boy, the Chucky is Childs Play" Just killed another career, it's a mild day Besides Ye they cant stand besides meh I think me, you and {Amber} should menage Friday P-P-Pink wig, thick ass, give 'em whiplash I t-t-think big, get cash, make 'em blink fast N-N-Now look at what you just saw! This is what you live f-f-for! (AHHHHHHHHHHHH~!!!!!!) I'M A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER!!!!!  {*ROARS*} [Outro (Repeated 3X): Justin Vernon of Bon Iver] (w/ Uncle Charlie Wilson harmonizing) I-I, crossed the line, line And Ill, Ill let God decide, 'cide I,I wouldn't last these shows So I, I am headed home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yo Gotti f/ Gucci Mane, Nicci Rea, Nicki Minaj, Trina Album: 5 Star (Single) Song: 5 Star (Remix) Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com Cheaaa Ay you kno I'm lookin for a 5 star chick talkin bout (bur) I'm talkin about a bitch lookin like she jus stepped out a magazine I'm talkin niggaz I'm gon be somethin serious [Gucci Mane] Gotti here go twelve bars Gucci mane got 9 cars We dnt call em dimes no more 09' we call em 5 stars I'm a 5 star nigga, dis a 5 star clique That's a 645, this that new m6 Pay her bills get her hair fixed Might even pay her rent And the way she give it to me Best money I ever spent I can't even lie (why) I'm so super high (high) Do not need her, will not keep her Unless she superly Gucci Mane's a thug B Ya man is a scrub see She loves me now She loves you not Yea all me bitches love me And if you in Atlanta Look up Gucci gurl and beep me And we cand find a 5 star hotel You can meet me (Chorus) That's a 5 star chick (3x) Man that's a 5 star chick, if yo credit score high Feet and nails stay fly, keep your juice box wet And ya head sum'n fine You a five star chick (4x) I want a five star chick I need a 5 star chick I need a 5 star chick I want a five star chick [Yo Gotti] It's ya boy yo gotti I do grade A shit I'm the realist nigga walkin And this the remix, And still I'm out here lookin For a 5 star chick When I catch her, Ima bless her With a 5 star kiss She a natural born hustla She ain't chasin no suckas On a mission for a real nigga She ain't never fucked a busta So ya cars nd ya jewlery That she really don't excite And all them hatin ass hoes In the club wanna fight her She was born in the "A" Went to school in DC Gotta job in Dallas Texas Then moved to tennessee If you aint a 5 star Need to go ahead and face it Fake gucci fake louie Shawty dat'll make you basic Dat aint a 5 star chick It aint a 5 star chick (3x) [Trina] See I'm a 5 star bitch Cause I aint that other bitch She been stugglin for hers From the womb I been rich I aint gotta talk about the money And the shoe game All you gotta do is google trina See the proof mane? Cause aint none of these hoes, Doin shows in the recession They cards get declined, Now they sufferin a depression While I'm spendin mills Signin all kinda deals I'm a 5 star bitch, Eating 5 star meals My whole life style Like comin to America All my Louie luggage You see my bag? How I carry her Walkin through the airport Like I'm in a parade on my hologram Loggin on to e-Trade That's a 5 star chick (4x) If your credit score high, feet and nails stay fly Keep your juice box wet, and your hear sum'n fine You a five star chick (4x) I want a five star chick I need a 5 star chick I need a 5 star chick I want a five star chick [Nicki Minaj] I just had a epiphany I need to go to Tiffany's Fendi on my slippers Cause my cookies always slippery I don't need help I pay the bills on time So I be yellin "fuck em" With a dildo sign Five little mama, you a Three star I aint sleepin when I say I'm in my dream car Oh did I stutta? Harajuku hyphen Barbie... I'm hot I think it's time to put the rice in I was sittin in the chair I was just gluing my weave in When you hit the stage They was booin and leavin Young money red flag No more auditions Ask Lil Wayne who the 5 star bitch is! That's a 5 star chick (4x) If your credit score high, feet and nails stay fly Keep your juice box wet, and your hear sum'n fine You a five star chick (4x) I want a five star chick I need a 5 star chick I need a 5 star chick I want a five star chick [Nicci Rea] 5 star baby Let me tell you how I do Baby I'm the baddest bitch around I'm not fonkin wit ya crew I'm the head bitch in charge Who the fuck wanna fuck with me All louie, new gucci Air nikes on my feet Look at my nails, my hair I'm sexy can't you c Body stay dipped It get no better den me I'm on the track with Nicki, Trina, Gucci and Gotti Everybody know my life's a ROCKSTAR PARTY That's a 5 star chick (3x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Lloyd Album: We Are Young Money Song: Bedrock Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Lloyd - Intro] I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock (YOUNG MONEY~!) I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock, girl {Kane is in the buliding, nigga!} I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rooooock I-I-I, I can make yo' {BED ROCK} [Lil Wayne] Uh, she got that good good, she Michael Jackson +Bad+ I'm attracted to her, wit her attractive ass And now we murders, because we kill time I knock her lights out, and she still shine I hate to see her go, but I love to watch her leave but I keep her runnin back and fort' - soccer team cold as a winter's day, hot as a summer's eve Young Money thieves, steal your love and leave [Gudda Gudda] I like the way you walkin if you walkin my way I'm that Red Bull, now let's +fly+ away Let's buy a place, wit all kind of space I'll let you be the judge, and-and-and I'm the case I'm Gudda Gudda, I put 'er under I see me wit her - no Stevie Wonder She don't ever wonder, 'cause she know she bad And I got 'er, nigga - grocery bag [Chorus: Lloyd] Ooh, baby  I be stuck to you like glue, baby Wanna spend it all on you, baby My room is the G-spot Call me Mr. Flintstone, I can make yo' bed rock  Ooooo-ooo-OOOO-ooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock (ey, ey, ey, ey) Oooo-ooo-oooo-oooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rock, girl (ey, ey, ey, ey) Ooooo-ooo-OOOO-ooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' bed rooooock (ey, ey, ey, ey) Oooo-ooo-oooo-oooh - I-I-I, I can make yo' {BED ROCK} (ey, ey, ey, ey) (EYYYYY!) [Nicki Minaj] okay, I get it, let me think, I guess it's my turn Maybe it's time to put this pussy on your sideburns He say I'm bad, he prol'ly right He pressin me like button-downs on a Friday night, heh-heh-heh I'm so pretty like, be on my pedal bike He on my low scrunch! He on my Ecko whites He say, "Nicki don't stop, you da bestest" And I'd just be comin off the top as, bestest [Drake] I love your sushi roll, hotter then wasabi I race for your love, +Shake'n Bake+ Ricky Bobby I'm at the W, but I can meet you in the lobby Girl, I gotta watch my back. 'cause I'm not just anybody I seen 'em stand in line, just to get beside her I let her see the Aston, and let the rest suprise her That's when we disappear, you need GPS to find her Oh, that was YO' girl? I thought I recognized her... [Tyga] She like tannin, I like stayin in she like romance and, I like rollin wit friends She said I'm caged in, I think her conscience is She's watchin dat Oxygen, I'm watchin ESPN But when that show ends, she all o'er my skin, lotion  Slo-mo motions, rollercoastin like back, forth, hold it {*echoes*} She poses like it's for posters, and I poke like I'm suppose to Take this photo if you fo' me, she said, "Don't you ever show this!" I'm too loyal {*echoes*}, and too focused {*echoes*} to be losin {*echoes*}, and be hopeless {*echoes*} when I spoke this, she rejoiced it, said, "Your words get me open" So I closed it, where your clothes is I'm only lovin for the moment [Jae Millz] Uh, she ain't got a man, but she's not alone +Miss Independent+, yeah "she got her own" Hey gorgeous, um, I mean flawless Well, that's whatcha are, how I see it is how I call it Yeah, look-look at how she walk, mmm-hmm she know she bad Do-do ya thang baby, I ain't even mad and I ain't even fast, I'ma stay awhile +Hold Ya Head+ Chris, I-I'ma {TAKE IT DOWN} [Lil Wayne - Outro over chorus] YOUNG MONEY BABY~! YEAH! ROCK! Gudda Gudda, T-Streets Mack Maine, Jae Millz Tyga Tyyyga, Drizzy Drake Nicki Minaj, hey Shanell Lil Twist, Lil Chuckee and Young Lloyd.. EYYYY~! WE YOUNG MONEY!  WE GOT IT! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Finale Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Gudda Gudda] They call me Young Gudda I'm all about the doe still And anybody in my way, Roadkill Evrything my hands touch turn to gold Money, Knots and Jewels with no records sold, (Yeah) I'm Manhandling rappers with no effort So imagine what'll happen when I start applying pressure Guillotine flow who ready to get severed nigga In or out the booth you could get leveled nigga [Jae Millz] Yo, We are Young Money Nigga you can't chocha It's bout to get real ugly, Amarosa YM vultures, there ain't a family doper We done changed the way the game look, Sammy Sosa (Ha Ha) This is life this ain't a job, Audemare and Shapor Just symbolize I go hard Navy on Navy Camero I did all for the yankees Did it all for New York and this love no need to thank me [Tyga] Uhh, fast money I don't slow dance Young Money motherfucka till the world end Money over weight, bitch, Rosanne I don't listen to these kids, Grown man Skinny nigga dubbed up, low hand Lindsey the white benz, same colour mike skin Make ya soul spin when the ping loading Au revoir, goodbye, now applaud [Lil Chuckee] Young Money lil G Battle juice in my blood Jumpin at the boy Man, you better have ya bungee cord Since Wayne took me off the leash I ain't lose a fight yet Now come drag ya dog out the ring how he love that Yung wid a attitude, watch how ya talk to me Keep playin freddy boi, I'll leak on ya elm street Trouble is what you want dog, pain is what you don't get It's Young Money till the bone grizzle [Lil Twist] Young Money good night And yeah I'm gonna shine like an Ultra Violet light Lil twist cold cellar like it's opening tonight 31'st nigga to write, You need a telescope sight To try to see me, I'm so far gone Even though I'm goin out kids, I'm so far on I gotta house full of cheques like the playboy home Wrapping up my lifestyle and I smashed this song Twizzy [Nicki Minaj] I'm in that cotton pink bent Put mass on the guts White on white whips Kunta Kinte on the clutch You at the bottom of the pole, Totem Like Lamar Odom, I ball, scrotom Flyer than a cricket so they call me Nicki Jim-any And it's going down like Santa in the chimney You don't ball break ya baby back ribs You need more assist than the handicap kids [Shanell] Young Money we rockstars So fuck wit ya magnum on And hold on we go long You feel that, We get that We in that, we run that, we bus back We hit em when we see em coming back for more Back for more.. [Mack Maine] Michael wade family in the building you can't hold us Me, taz and wayne we the 3 new moguls Buffet around here ya'll boys scrape the plates And we don't eat up in our whispa they got paper plates Soon as we leave the club damn let the models go One word I forgot to say on his album, Hollygrove! This track different now they nod this the genesis Young Money murderers, We killin shit Forever.. [Drake] Alright I got this, you can never get this I built it up from nuthin you would think I'm playin tetris Thousand dollar sweater on but I never sweat shit Swear the beats they give me got a motherfuckin death wish Yeah, tell me who controls kings, I don't follow rules, stupid old things I'm flying through the city in a coupe with those wings My team deserves some motherfuckin supabowl rings, Young Money [Lil Wayne] I'm so in this bitch, CEO in this bitch Lil Weezy stand tall, Tippytoe in this bitch Blood gang motherfucka da da doe in this bitch Make ya girl get Barry Manilow in this bitch In the body of the World, money is the blood And everyday I be back and forward to the blood bank Uhh making deposits till I fucking faint New Orleans, nigga how about no fucking saints It's tight on our end call that bubbafranks Matter fact it's too tight add a couple links I'm the barstender you a women drink Yeah it's young money but the money aint Gudda tough, Nelly nice, Nick Nasty Streets bad, Tyga ill, Drake magic Millz Harlem, Chuck wild, Twist Dallas And Mack Maine rap, sing and manage Uhhhh It's Young Moolah Baby... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Birdman Album: We Are Young Money Song: Fuck Da Bullshit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Birdman] Yeah - cut it up, gimme a light Yeah, and by the way nigga It's Young Moolah, first lady [Nicki Minaj] Ungh, yo, yo Let us begin with the bad little specimen Balenciagas only things I be steppin in Pucci bathing suits, only thing I'm dressin in Cause I get wetter than a navy seal veteran Got-got 'em writin love letters in they journal Keep em on these toes like a midget at the urinal B-b-b-bad as I wanna be She ain't bad, she a sad little wannabe [Birdman] Yeah fuck the bullshit, it's big money poppin Young Moolah! Yeah, just like that What up young nigga, let's go Gudda [Gudda Gudda] Okay we runnin this shit, when we walk in the buildin Got bitches from wall to wall, hoes hangin from the ceilin Young Money we 'bout to kill 'em, I promise I'll make a million And if they didn't have no hands I'll bet them bitches go feel 'em I'm talkin money and power; you gettin money? I doubt it Fresher than baby powder, wit'cha bitch in the shower That pussy I'ma devour I beat it up 'til it's sour No need for you to even trip bitch I'll be done in a hour, let's go [Lil Wayne] Heyeah, that's more like it - Junior! They say the blacker the berry, the redder the cherry I say the sweeter it is, ya dig? Bury Then the bullshit varies, and it got me weary But I know two of the same, call it murdered and married Hustlin is so necessary, with no adversaries But ain't no love, like a calendar with no Februarys I'ma need four secretary, and four bloody mary's I'ma go eat me some pussy, and choke off the cherry I'm gone [Birdman] Yeah, fully loaded with it To the ceilin with it Mo' money than you ever seen nigga Aight, Drizzy, Drake [Drake] Look, kill the game no one recovers the murder weapon Young angel if you hate me tell me burn in heaven How'd ya sleep on me? The highest earnin freshmen Like your third infection, I hope you learned your lesson Yeah, I spit raw but I prefer protection I own her heart and her mind, and the shirt she slept in Bitch I got the answer, and still ain't heard the question I shut ya club down, please reserve my section Fuck a confrontation, there ain't no cake in it And I'm cakin bitch so tell me why I take a break from it The mother of yo' child always tell you I'm her favorite She call me her baby, not the one she was in labor with She say "ooh you taste good," I say "ooh just savor it" She know that she love a nigga I be on that major shit Cause I get paid to stand, and I get paid to sit So I don't walk around with money baby girl I'm made of it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money Album: We Are Young Money Song: Roger That Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Nicki Minaj - doesn't SOUND like her though] I'm in the collard green 6, cornbread in the guts Got the Halloween kicks, trick or treatin the clutch C'mon nigga, is you trickin or what? Flow, fl-flow tighter than a dick in the butt Just hopped off the plane, came back from Vancouv' Little white T, some boobs, and bamboo White girls tell me "Hey Nicky, your camp rules Is that why you get more head than shampoos?" Asalaam alaikum, no oink for me And I never let a d-boy boink for free Cause it's Barbie bitch, you can join the wave I've been penny nickel dimed, I done coined the phrase, ha! You couldn't beat me there if you had a Leer Indian-style, courtside with a cavalier V.I.P. roses, you can have a beer Cause honey when you gettin money you don't have a care Now r-roger that, r-r-roger that R-roger that, r-r-r-roger that R-roger that, r-r-roger that R-R-R-R-R, ROGER [Tyga] Young black Ricos, kill for the C-notes But me though, I Jackson bitch uhh, Tito She wanna play games but, this is not bingo Monopoly I'm past go, go on ahead and deep-throat Fo' chick fo'somes, skin color's mocha Sally and Sonia put the pussies on my totem pole, what stroke 'em uhh, strike ya like bowlin Now open like you yawnin, at 6 in the mornin Slee-sleepin on me probably in a coffin I'm hotter than the end of fuckin' August, I'm awesome I'm awesome; repeat it to ya grandma, and uncles or mothers, Tyga's no dad but I'm the muh'fucker Muh'fuckers, this the last supper Look, no hands, I'ma bread cuffer I don't dare lover, I'ma dare devil I don't fear nuttin, muh'fucker, Young Money! Now roger that, Roger that Ro-Roger that, Roger that Fuck around and never get Roger back Ha ha ha.. [Lil Wayne] I'm goin' in! Fresh off the jet, sharper than Gillette The blunt still wet, so pass it like Brett We sip side of mug, we call it upset Smoke more than fo' quarters, we call it sudden debt I'm a beast.. you a pet AK long neck.. Keith Sweat, haha! Weezy motherfucker, Capo in this bitch with me Money talks and have a convo in this bitch with me I'm mountain high Colorado and this bitch with me Flow crazy 7:30, you just 6:50 Twenty bullets from the chopper take the roof off Laughin to the bank, I'm a goofball Hahaha! It's YM And we at your neck, like a violin It's our world, we make it spin And y'all the prey.. amen! [Outro] Now roger that, Roger that Where Roger at? I heard Rog' a rat Fuc-fuck around and never get Roger back!! HAHAHAHA.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Young Money f/ Nikki Minaj Album: We Are Young Money Song: Streets Is Watchin' Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro: Lil Wayne] Yeah, uh huh David Banner on the beat bitch Hahaha Young Money, Streets [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] I'm a east sider rider, whoa kemosabe Bitches get to stepping like Cole, Gina, Tommy Pussy is a weapon and my hoes think I'm Simon And simon say go and get my motherfucking money Young Moolah bitch, tell them hoes, take their clothes off And I don't hunt birds but I'll shoot you in your mohawk Yeah, flow nasty like coleslaw Call me mister no flaw [Verse 2: Gudda Gudda] Yeah, I sip drank and pop pills til I dose off Wake up, grab the mic then I go's off Too G for office, boss of all bosses Crucify rappers, nail niggas to the crosses I'm fresh out the slaughterhouse, blood on my apron We Louisanimals, watch me let the gators in I'm going on my paper run, a week at the Days Inn Icing on my fingertips, I be getting cake in [Chorus: T-Streets] I be getting cake then Watching for the rats and trying not to get snakebit It's that punting at your face shit And if you scared, you better go and see Mase bitch David Banner on the beat hoe And I beat the beat up like Dee Bo I got the game on TiVo So I guess you can say The Streets Is Watchin' [Verse 3: Jae Millz] I don't promise much but I promise you that it'll flow boy Name Jake but you can call me Pillsbury Doughboy Silence on the nine but the chopper make mo' noise But if the bitch scream, I'ma pop her, no noise Bank account top solid, Truck nice and brolic The rims sticking out like the shoulders on Dwight Howard You niggas ain't G's you gents and quite coward But I'll put you higher than flight pilots [Verse 4: Gudda Gudda] I am petrifying, The metal turn to lightning Burn through your clothes like an ion I am no american idol, no Simon Cowell Wack niggas throw in the towel I'm getting money with the rap, pay me by the vowel I'm hungry like a pack of wolves so I just howl Holla, Cash rules everything around me So I'ma get the money, dolla dolla bills in them hundreds [Verse 5: Nicki Minaj] Ugh, yo, yo yo, I'm a bad what? bout to get a maniped I'm the big bad wolf and your granny dead Eventhough I'm in mexico I rep New York like Plexico Look, switch my name, now I'm celebrating Hannukah Lewinski bitches, young money Monica I been hot since hedgehog, Sonic the So could you pass me the keys to the Tonica I mean Tonka, That's the truck bitches Fuck you and fuck all of you fuck bitches Matter of fact, put some sprinkles on my cupcakes And get ready to put your dimples in this duct tape 