The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready to Die Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA.com [Puff Daddy] Push C'mon Shorty stay push, c'mon C'mon, c'mon push it's almost there One more time, c'mon *baby cries* C'mon push baby, one more time *baby cries* Harder harder, push harder Push, push, c'mon One more time, here it goes! I see the head! Yeah c'mon! YEAH! YEAHHHH! You did it baby, yeah! *Curtis Mayfield's "Super Fly" plays over this* *Sugarhill Gang's "Rappers Delight" fades in* ... the hibby, the hibby dibby hip hop and ya don't stop! Rock it out baby bubba, to the boogedy bang bang The boogey to the boogedy beat Now what you hear is not a test, I'm rappin, to the beat *voice comes in over*   God damnit, what the fuck are you doin?   You can't control that god damn boy? (What?)   I just saw Ms. Jersey, he told me he caught the   motherfuckin boy and chopped him   (Get your black ass off!)   You can't control the god, I don't know   what the fuck to do with that boy   (What the fuck do you, whatta you do?)   If if you can't fuckin control him   (All you fuckin do is bitch at me)   Bitch, what I say, I'ma send his motherfuckin ass   to a group home goddamnit, what??   I'll smack the shit outta you bitch   (Take your black ass, the fuck outta here)   Motherfucker, you are fuckin up   (Comin in here, smellin like pile of shit, dumb motherfucker) *Sugarhill fades out, Audio Two fades in* Gizmo's cuttin, up for the Suckers that's, down with me! What nigga you wanna rob them motherfuckin trains you crazy? B.I.G.: Yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin right, nigga yes Nigga what the fuck nigga? We gonna get... B.I.G.: Nigga it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke? Yeah nigga but, but... B.I.G.: Motherfucker is you broke motherfucker?   We need to get some motherfuckin paper nigga Yeah but nigga it's a train ain't nobody robbed no motherfuckin train B.I.G.: Just listen man, your mother givin you money nigga?   My moms don't give me shit nigga, it's time to get paid nigga   is you wit me? *gun clicks* Motherfuck is you wit me? Yeah I'm wit you nigga c'mon B.I.G.: Alright then nigga lets make it happen then   All you motherfuckers get on the fuckin floor! *blam blam* Get on the motherfuckin floor! B.I.G.: Chill, give me all your motherfuckin money And don't move nigga! B.I.G.: Give me all your motherfuckin money, I want the jewelry   Give me every fuckin thing Nigga I'd shut the fuck up or I'ma blow your motherfuckin brains out! Nigga, give me your jewerly, give me your wallet B.I.G.: Fuck you bitch, get up off that shit   What the fuck you holdin on to that shit for bitch? *Audio Two fades out, Snoop Dogg fades in* Open C-74, Smalls Mr. Smalls, let me walk you to the door So how does it feel leavin us? B.I.G.: C'mon man, what kind of fuckin question is that man?   Tryin to get the fuck up out this joint dog Yeah, yeah, you'll be back You niggaz always are B.I.G.: Go head man, what the fuck is you hollerin about?   You won't see me up in this motherfucker no mroe We'll see B.I.G.: I got big plans nigga, big plans, hahahahaha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready to Die Song: Things Done Changed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Remember back in the days, when niggaz had waves Gazelle shades, and corn braids Pitchin pennies, honies had the high top jellies Shootin skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly Loungin at the barbeques, drinkin brews with the neighborhood crews, hangin on the avenues Turn your pagers, to nineteen ninety three Niggaz is gettin smoked G, believe me Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick Cause real street niggaz ain't havin that shit Totin techs for rep, smokin blunts in the project hallways, shootin dice all day Wait for niggaz to step up on some fightin shit We get hype and shit and start lifin shit So step away with your fist fight ways Motherfucker this ain't back in the days, but you don't hear me though [Verse Two] No more cocoa leave-io, one two three One two three, all of this to me, is a mystery I hear you motherfuckers talk about it But I stay seein bodies with the motherfuckin chalk around it And I'm down with the shit too For the stupid motherfuckers wanna try to use Kung-Fu Instead of a Mac-10 he tried scrappin Slugs in his back and, that's what the fucks happenin when you sleep on the street Little motherfuckers with heat, want ta leave a nigga six feet deep And we comin to the wake To make sure the cryin and commotion ain't a motherfuckin fake Back in the days, our parents used to take care of us Look at em now, they even fuckin scared of us Callin the city for help because they can't maintain Damn, shit done changed [Verse Three] If I wasn't in the rap game I'd probably have a key knee deep in the crack game Because the streets is a short stop Either you're slingin crack rock or you got a wicked jumpshot Shit, it's hard being young from the slums eatin five cent gums not knowin where your meals comin from And now the shit's gettin crazier and major Kids younger than me, they got the Sky grand Pagers Goin outta town, blowin up Six months later all the dead bodies showin up It make me wanna grab the nine and the shottie But I gotta go identify the body Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts? Everytime I turn around a nigga gettin took out Shit, my momma got cancer in her breast Don't ask me why I'm motherfuckin stressed, things done changed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G.  Album: Ready to Die  Song: Gimme the Loot  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah Motherfuckers better know... huh, huh Lock your windows, close your doors Biggie Smalls, huh... yeah (*scratching* "I'm a bad, bad, boy..") [Notorious B.I.G.]  My man Inf left a Tec and a nine at my crib  Turned himself in, he had to do a bid  A one-to-three, he be home the end of '93 I'm ready to get this paper, G, you with me?   Motherfucking right, my pocket's looking kind of tight   and I'm stressed, yo Biggie let me get the vest  No need for that, just grab the fucking gat  The first pocket that's fat the Tec is to his back  Word is bond, I'm a smoke him yo don't fake no moves (what?) Treat it like boxing: stick and move, stick and move   Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit   I've been robbin motherfuckers since the slave ships   with the same clip and the same four-five   Two point-blank, a motherfucker's sure to die  That's my word, nigga even try to bogart   have his mother singing "It's so hard..." Yes Love, love your fucking attitude because the nigga play pussy that's the nigga that's getting screwed  and bruised up from the pistol whipping  welts on the neck from the necklace stripping Then I'm dipping up the block and I'm robbing bitches too  up the herring bones and bamboos  I wouldn't give fuck if you're pregnant  Give me the baby rings and a #1 MOM pendant   I'm slamming niggaz like Shaquille, shit is real   When it's time to eat a meal I rob and steal   cause Mom Duke ain't giving me shit   so for the bread and butter I leave niggaz in the gutter   Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous   Crazier than a bag of fucking Angel Dust   When I bust my gat motherfuckers take dirt naps   I'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at? (*sample* "But he's sticking you, and taking all of your money..") [Chorus 8X] Gimme the loot, gimme the loot  (*scratching* "I'm a bad, bad, boy..") [Notorious B.I.G.]  Big up, big up, it's a stick up, stick up  and I'm shooting niggaz quick if you hiccup  Don't let me fill my clip up in your back and head piece  The opposite of peace sending Mom Duke a wreath  You're talking to the robbery expert  Stepping to your wake with your blood on my shirt  Don't be a jerk and get smoked over being resistant  cause when I lick shots the shits is persistent   Huh, goodness gracious the papers  Where the cash at? Where the stash at?  Nigga, pass that before you get your grave dug  from the main thug, .357 slug  And my nigga Biggie got an itchy one grip  One in the chamber, 32 in the clip  Motherfuckers better strip, yeah nigga peel  before you find out how blue steel feel   from the Beretta, putting all the holes in your sweater   The money getter motherfuckers don't have better   Rolex watches and colourful Swatches   I'm digging in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it  Man, niggaz come through I'm taking high school rings too  Bitches get *strangled* for they earrings and bangles and when I rock her and drop her I'm taking her door knockers  And if she's resistant "baka! baka! baka!"  So go get your man bitch he can get robbed too  Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?  I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it  and if I set it the cocksucker won't forget it (*sample* "But he's sticking you, and taking all of your money..") [Chorus 8X] Gimme the loot, gimme the loot  (*scratching* "I'm a bad, bad, boy..") [Notorious B.I.G.]  Man, listen all this walking is hurting my feet   But money looks sweet (where at?) in the Isuzu jeep  Man, I throw him in the Beem, you grab the fucking C.R.E.A.M  and if he start to scream "bam! bam!", have a nice dream  Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car  Fur coats and diamonds, she thinks she a superstar   Ooh Biggie, let me jack her, I kick her in the back   Hit her with the gat... Yo chill, Shorty, let me do that Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block  The bitch act shocked, gettin shot on the spot  (Oh shit! The cops!) Be cool, fool  They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts  (So why the fuck he keep lookin?) I guess to get his life tooken I just came home, ain't trying to see Central Booking  Oh shit, now he lookin in my face  You better haul ass cause I ain't with no fucking chase  So lace up your boots, cause I'm about to shoot  A true motherfucker going out for the loot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G.  Album: Ready to Die  Song: Machine Gun Funk  Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One:  So you wanna be hardcore  With your hat to the back, talkin bout the gats in your raps  But I can't feel that hardcore appeal  that you're screamin, baby I'm dreamin  This ain't Christopher Williams, still some MC's got to feel one, caps I got to peel some  To let niggaz know... that if you fuck with Big-and-Heavy  I get up in that ass like a wedgie Says who? Says me, the lyrical  Niggaz sayin, "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle"  Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me  Just for niggaz actin shifty  Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill you quicker  Especially when I'm drunk off the liquor  Smokin funk by the boxes, packin glocks is  natural to eat you niggaz like chocolates  The funk baby  Chorus (repeats 8X) "I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk" (LOTUG, Chief Rocka)  Verse Two:  All I want is bitches, big booty bitches  Used to sell crack, so I could stack my riches  Now I pack gats, to stop all the snitches  from stayin in my business, what is this? Relentless  approach, to know if I'm broke or not  Just cause I joke and smoke a lot  Don't mean I don't tote the glock  Sixteen shots for my niggaz in the pen  Until we motherfuckin meet again  Huh, I'm doin rhymes now, fuck the crimes now  Come on the ave, I'm real hard to find now  Cause I'm knee deep in the beats  In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the Mac-10 by the seats  For the jackers, the jealous ass crackers in the (car sirens)  I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof  Hold ya head, cause when you hit the bricks  I got gin, mad blunts, and bitches suckin dick  The funk baby  Repeat chorus Verse Three:  So I guess you know the story, the rap-side, crack-side  How I smoked funk, smacked bitches on the backside  Bed-Stuy, the place where my head rests  Fifty shot clip if a nigga wan' test  The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya  High as a motherfuckin helicopter  That's why I pack a nina, fuck a misdeameanor  Beatin motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina  [What's Love, Got to Do]  when I'm rippin all through your whole crew  Strapped like bamboo, but I don't sling guns  I got bags of funk, and it's sellin by the tons  Niggaz wanna know, how I live the mack life  Making money smoking mics like crack pipes It's type simple and plain to maintain  I add a little funk to the brain  The funk baby  Repeat chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready to Die Song: Warning Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*sound of a pager going off*} [Notorious B.I.G.] Who the fuck is this? Pagin me at 5:46 in the mornin, crack of dawn an' {*dialing phone*} now I'm yawnin - wipe the cold out my eye {*ring*} See who's this pagin me - and why It's my nigga Pop from the barbershop Told me he was in the gamblin spot, and heard the intricate plot of niggaz wanna stick me like flypaper neighbor Slow down love, please chill, drop the caper  Remember them niggaz from the hill up in Brownsville?  That you rolled dice wit, smoked the blunts and got nice wit Yeah my nigga Fame up in Prospect Nah they're my niggaz nah love wouldn't disrespect  I didn't say them, they schooled me to some niggaz  that you knew from back when, when you was clockin minor figures  Now they heard you blowin up like nitro  And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow  So - thank Fame for warnin me cause now I'm warnin you  I got the mac nigga tell me what you gonna do Damn! Niggaz wanna stick me for my paper Damn! Niggaz wanna stick me for my paper Damn! Niggaz wanna stick me for my paper Damn! Niggaz wanna stick me for my paper [Notorious B.I.G.]  They heard about the Rolex's and the Lexus  with the Texas license plates outta state  They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown  And they heard you got half of Virginia locked down  They even heard about the crib you bought your moms out in Florida   The fifth corridor -- -- call the coroner! There's gonna be a lot of slow singin, and flower bringin if my burgular alarm starts ringin Whatcha think all the guns is for? All purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door And I feed 'em gunpowder, so they can devour the criminals, tryin to drop my decimals Damn! Niggaz wanna stick my for my cream And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem It's the ones that smoke blunts witcha, see your picture Now they wanna grab the guns and come and getcha Betcha Biggie won't slip I got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip So I can rip through the ligaments Put the fuckers in a bad prediciment, where all the foul niggaz went Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta Fuck what I'ma hit you with you motherfuckers betta duck I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains of his jacket - he had a gun he shoulda packed it Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket So I can reload and EXPLODE on ya rasshole I fuck around and get hardcore C-4 to ya door no beef no more nigga Feel the rough, scandalous The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew What you gonna do when Big Poppa comes for you? I'm not gunnin, nigga I bust my gun an' hold on, I hear somebody comin... {*night air, dogs barking*} [Thieves talking] (C'mon nigga) I'm only comin to pass the gat (Just bring your motherfuckin ass on, come on) Are we gettin close, huh? (It's right over here) Are you sure this Biggie Smalls crib man? (Yeah I'm sure motherfucker, c'mon!) Ahh fuck - it better be his motherfuckin house Fuck right here.. This better be this motherfucker's house (Oh shit!) What, what's wrong? (It's that red dot on your head man!) What red dot? .. Oh shit! You got a red dot on your head too! {*BOTH*} Ohh shit! {*BLAM BLAM*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy (uncredited) Album: Ready to Die Song: Ready to Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah... Yeah... (You ready motherfucker?) (We gon' kill your ass) As I grab the glock, put it to your headpiece One in the chamber, the safety is off release Straight at your dome homes, I wanna see cabbage Biggie Smalls the savage, doin your brain cells much damage Teflon is the material for the imperial mic ripper girl stripper the Henny sipper I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q-45, glocks and tecs are expected when I wreck shit Respect is collected, so check it I got techniques drippin out my buttcheeks Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh My shit is deep, deeper than my grave G I'm ready to die and nobody can save me Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl My life is played out like a jheri curl, I'm ready to die As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook Doin whatever it took from snatchin chains to pocketbooks A big BAD motherfucker on the wrong road I got some drugs tried to get the avenue sold I want it all from the Rolexes to the Lexus gettin paid, is all I expected My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck? Now I got a glock, makin motherfuckers duck Shit is real, and hungry's how I feel I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal Kickin niggaz down the steps just for rep Any repercussion lead to niggaz gettin wet The infrared's at your head real steady You better grab your guns cause I'm ready, ready I'm ready to die! (Nah we ain't gon' kill your ass yet) (We gonna make you suffer) In a sec I throw the tec to your fuckin neck Everybody hit the deck, Biggie bout to get some wreck Quick to leave you in a coffin, for slick talkin You better act like CeCe, and keep on walkin When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat You swung a left you swung a right you feel to the concrete Your face, my feet, they meet, we're stompin I'm rippin MC's from Tallahassee, to Compton Biggie Smalls on a higher plane Niggaz say I'm strange deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain Make your shit splatter Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter after the hit, leave you on the street with your neck split down your backbone to where your motherfuckin shit drip The shit I kick, rip it through the vest Biggie Smalls passin any test, I'm ready to die! I'm ready (Time to go, we gonna put you out your misery motherfucker) Niggaz definitely know what time it is The Notorious one in full effect for ninety-three! Suicidal, I'm ready! (Now I lay me down to sleep) Yeah (Pray the Lord my soul to keep) (If I should die before I wake) (I pray the Lord my soul to take) (Cause I'm ready to die) (All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to) (Biggie Smalls the biggest man) (Rockin on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee) (Third Eye, and the rest of the Bad Boy fam) (I don't wanna see no cryin at my funeral) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready To Die Song: One More Chance Typed by: OHHLA.com *Sound of phone hanging up *Biggie's daughter:  All you hoes, callin' here for my daddy get off his dick.  Like that Mommy? (Answering machine beep in between each message and the beat to "One More Chance in the background.) Message 1: Hi daddy, how you doin', this is Tyiest, I was thinkin' about you last night, mmm, you actin' like you can't call me no more cause you busy and all that, but you tryina tell me it wasn't good? Message 2: That shit is real fucked up what you did, I hooked you up wit my girl and shit you fucked her 8 times you see her you don't say SHIT to her you know what I'm sayin? And all that bitch do is call me all day talkin' bout you: "Why the fuck do he don't want me?" Message 3: Yo Big this is Quita, Kenya told me she saw you and Shana in the mall and I know you aint fuckin' her. You fucked with me last night that's my best friend and we don't get down like that. Message 4: Yeah muthafucka this is Stephanie, I was waitin' outside for your ass for like a fuckin' hour, I don't know what's goin on, muthafuckas tryina raw me, you be dissapearin' and shit I'm waitin' in the cold, what the fuck is goin' on, when you get in give me a fuckin' call, alright? When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder You know the ep along by James Todd Smith I get swift with the lyrical gift Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans I'm in thirteens, know what I mean I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter Skinny or fat or white-skinned or black, baby I drop These boricua mommies screamin "Aiy papi!" I love it when they call me Big Poppa I only smoke blunts if they roll propa Look, I gotcha caught up in the drunk flow Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo' For niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me A big black motherfucker with g ya see All I do is separate the game from the truth Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia Gettin Physical like Olivia Newt Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed Even if your new man's a certified mack You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back Oh Biggie gimme one more chance I got that good dick girl, ya didn't know (Repeat) Is my mind playin tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick Willie D, havin nightmares of girls killin me She mad because what we had didn't last I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E and J and ginger ale The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins Another hon's in the crib, please send her in I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot But lickin clits had to stop Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below Peep the funk flow, really though I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit I mean the spandex and hit my man next Sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker I don't chase em, I replace em and if I'm caressin em, I'm undressin em Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York For fillin fantasies without that nigga Mr. Rourke? Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick And when I'm done I got to split shit Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin for an intermission Fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, I ain't frontin They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin, all of a sudden Oh Biggie gimme one more chance I got that good dick girl you didn't know (Repeat) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready To Die Song: Fuck Me (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA.com (Jodeci song playing in the background, sound of head board banging against the wall, and Biggie grunting) Woman moaning, uh, yeah, uh, oooh, oh yeah, mmm, yeah Oh fuck me you black mothafucka, oooohh yeah!!! MMMMMM, Aaahhh Oh fuck me you black Kentucky Fried Chicken eatin' Ohhh, ooohhh, yeah You mothafuckin' gangsta killin', mutha fuckin black mafia ass Muthafuckin, you, ohhhhh my god You chronic smokin', Oreo cookie eatin', pickle juice drinkin' Chicken gristle eatin', biscuit suckin', MUTHAfucka V8 juice drinkin', slim fast, black greasy muthafucka OOOHHHHH  Biggie: Whats my name? Woman: Biggie! Biggie: Whats my name? Woman: Biggie!  Oh yeah (Sound of Biggie and the woman falling off the bed) Biggie: I'm sorry. Woman: Ahhhh.... Biggie: Oh shit. Damn. Woman: (laughing) Jenny Craig eatin' muthafucka Biggie: (laughing) Fuck you bitch... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Method Man Album: Ready to Die Song: The What Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Notorious, Meth I used to get feels on a bitch Now I throw shields on the dick To stop me from that HIV shit And niggaz know they soft like a Twinkie filling Playin the villian Prepare for this rap killin Biggie Smalls is the illest Your style is played out, like Arnold wondered "What you talkin bout Willis?" The thrill is gone, the black Frank White is here to excite and throw dick to dykes Bitches I like em brainless Guns I like em stainless steel I want the fuckin Fortune like the Wheel I squeeze gats till my clips is empty Don't tempt me [T-H-O-D Man] You don't want to fuck with Biggie Here I am, I'll be damned if this ain't some shit Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet black ninja Comin where you rest at, surrender Step inside the ring, youse the number one contender Lookin cold booty like your pussy in December Nigga stop bitchin, button up ya lip and From Method all you gettin is a can of ass-whippin Hey, I'll be kickin, you son, you doin all the yappin Actin as if it can't happen You front and got me mad enough to touch somethin Yo I'm from Shaolin, Island, and ain't afraid to bust somethin So what cha want nigga, ya punk nigga I got a six-shooter and a horse named Trigger It's real, ninety-four, rugged raw Kickin down your god damn door [and it goes a lil somethin like this] Chorus: Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit And everything you get ya gotta work hard fot it Honies shake your hips, ya don't stop And niggaz pack the clips, keep on Verse Two: Meth, Notorious Verse two, comin with that Olde E brew Meth-tical, puttin niggaz back in I.C.U. I'm lifted troop, you can bring yours wack ass crew I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue, huh No question, I be comin down and shit Yo I gets rugged as a motherfuckin carpet get And niggaz love it, not in the physical form but in the mental I spark and they cells get warm I'm not a gentle, man, I'm a Method, Man! Baby accept it, utmost respect it [Assume the position] Stop look and listen I spit on your grave then I grab my Charles Dickens Welcome to my center Honies feel it deep in they placenta Cold as the pole in the winter Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed And when my Mac unloads I'm guaranteed another video Ready to die, why I act that way? Pop Duke left Mom Duke The faggot took the back way So instead of makin hoes suck my dick up I used to do stick-up Cause hoes is irritatin like the hic-CUPS Excuse me, flows just grow through me Like trees to branches Cliffs to avalanches It's the praying mantis Deep like the mind of Farrakhan A motherfuckin rap phenomenon, plus [I got more glocks and techs than you] I make it hot [Nigga won't even stand next to you] Nigga touch me you better bust me tree times in the head Or motherfucker's dead, ya thought so Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G.  Album: Ready to Die  Song: Juicy  Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro:  (Fuck all you hoes) Get a grip motherfucker. Yeah, this album is dedicated to all the teachers that told me  I'd never amount to nothin', to all the people that lived above the  buildings that I was hustlin' in front of that called the police on  me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughters,  and all the niggaz in the struggle, you know what I'm sayin'? Uh-ha, it's all good baby bay-bee, uh Verse One:  It was all a dream  I used to read Word Up magazine  Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine  Hangin' pictures on my wall  Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl  I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped Smokin' weed and bamboo, sippin' on private stock  Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack  With the hat to match  Remember Rappin' Duke, duh-ha, duh-ha You never thought that hip hop would take it this far  Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight  Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade  Born sinner, the opposite of a winner  Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner  Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri  Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky  I'm blowin' up like you thought I would  Call the crib, same number same hood  It's all good  Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh Chorus: You know very well who you are Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars You had a go, but not that many 'cause you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty Verse Two:  I made the change from a common thief  To up close and personal with Robin Leach  And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day  Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way  The Moet and Alize keep me pissy Girls used to diss me  Now they write letters 'cause they miss me  I never thought it could happen, this rappin' stuff  I was too used to packin' gats and stuff  Now honies play me close like butter played toast  From the Mississippi down to the east coast  Condos in Queens, indo for weeks  Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak  Livin' life without fear  Puttin' 5 karats in my baby girl's ears  Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool  Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school  Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood  And it's still all good  Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga  Verse Three:  Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis  When I was dead broke, man I couldn't picture this  50 inch screen, money green leather sofa  Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur  Phone bill about two G's flat  No need to worry, my accountant handles that  And my whole crew is loungin'  Celebratin' every day, no more public housin'  Thinkin' back on my one-room shack  Now my mom pimps a Ac' with minks on her back  And she loves to show me off, of course  Smiles every time my face is up in The Source  We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us  No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us  Birthdays was the worst days  Now we sip champagne when we thirst-ay  Uh, damn right I like the life I live  'Cause I went from negative to positive  And it's all...  (It's all good) ...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh Uh, uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga Uh...and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh Representin' B-Town in the house, Junior Mafia, mad flavor, uh Uh, yeah, a-ight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready to Die Song: Everyday Struggle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Basickally@aol.com Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X) I don't wanna live no mo' Sometimes I hear death knockin at my front do' I'm livin everyday like a hustle, another drug to juggle; another day, another struggle [Notorious B.I.G.] I know how it feel to wake up fucked up Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell People look at you like youse the user Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser But they don't know about your stress-filled day Baby on the way mad bills to pay That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit I remember I was just like you Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G I got P-A-I-D, that's why my moms hate me She was forced to kick me out, no doubt Then I figured out nicks went for twenty down South Packed up my tools for my raw power move Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves for chumps tryin to stop my flow And what they don't know will show on the autopsy Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick Asked for some consignment and he wasn't tryin to hear it Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court for an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man You better have your gat in hand, cause man Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] I had the master plan I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland with my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs And when he start to bust he like to ask, "Who's next?" I got my honey on the Amtrak with the crack in the crack of her ass Two pounds of hash in the stash I wait for hon to make some quick cash I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed At last, I'm literally loungin black Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps See who got smoked, what rumors was spread Last I heard I was dead with six to the head Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of by some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich Conspiracy, she'll be home in three Until then I looks out for the whole family A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble; in the everyday struggle Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani ain't tryin to see no black man turn to John Gotti My daughter use a potty so she's older now Educated street knowledge I'ma mold 'er now Trick a little dough buyin young girls fringes Dealin with the dope fiend binges, seein syringes in the veins; hard to explain, how I maintain The crack smoke make my brain feel so strange Breakin days on the set, no sweat Drunk off Moet, can't bag yet because it's still wet But when that dry, baggin five at a time I can clock about nine on the check cashin line I had the first and the third; rehearse that's my word Thick in the game, D's knew my first name Should I quit? Shit no! Even though they had me scared Yo they got a eight, I gotta teck with air holes.. ..and that's just how the shit go in the struggle motherfucker [Puff] Hah.. c'mon.. what you say? Chorus 2X [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhh Junior M.A.F.I.A., right (yeah..) (rock on..) (WOO! .. Biggie Smalls .. right ..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy (uncredited) Album: Ready to Die Song: Me & My Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash   [Puff Daddy] Yo let, let, let me ask you a question yo Yo would you kill for me?   [Girl] Hmmm... yeah   [Puff Daddy] What took you so long to answer motherfucker?   [Girl] I don't know   [Puff Daddy] The fuck wrong with you bitch? Verse One: Notorious B.I.G. When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick (yeah) I never felt that way in my life It didn't take long before I made you my wife (uh, yeah) Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze Come into the crib, even had a set a keys During the days you helped me bag up my nickels In the process, I admit, I tricked a little (yeah) But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch (uhh) Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin rich And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. Just me and my bitch (variations repeat to next verse)   [Girl] But you know you love that ass, don't you?   [Puff Daddy] Yeah, no question   [Girl] No question   [Puff Daddy] Yo, let me ask you another question   [Girl] What?   [Puff Daddy] You ever fuck around on me?   [Girl] Why would I do that?   [Puff Daddy] Yo don't lie to me motherfucker Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo I wanna bitch that like to play celo, and craps Packin gats, in a Coach bag steamin dime bags A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had (yeah, c'mon) With a glock just as strong as me Totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (that's nasty) Throwin my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows I see my Polos and Timbos Hide my car keys so I can't leave A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly She'll invite me, politely, to fight G And then we lie together, cry together I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together Chorus   [Girl] Let me tell you nigga, if I ever, ever catch your ass fuckin around I'ma cut your mother-fuckin dick off   [Puff Daddy] Hah, heheh stop playin, hah   [Girl] I ain't playin, ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes Ain't no jokes   [Puff Daddy] Yo, don't don't play with my dick Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G. She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies Didn't hesitate to squeeze, to get my life out of danger (yeah) One day, she put nine one one on the page Had to call back, whether it's minor or major (yeah) No response, the phone just rung Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem When I pulled up, police was on the scene Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes It didn't take long before the tears start I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart And I know it was meant for me I guess the niggaz felt they had to kill the closest one to me (uh, yeah) And when I find em your life is to and end They killed my best friend... me and my bitch Chorus Uh, yeah, yeah Uh... Uh, motherfucker yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy Album: Ready to Die Song: Big Poppa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [B.I.G.] + (Puffy) Uh, uh, check it out (yeah) Junior M.A.F.I.A. (hehe, mmm) Uhh (I like this) Yes, yes! Nine-fo' (keep bangin) [Verse One] To all the ladies in the place with style and grace Allow me to lace these lyrical douches, in your bushes Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies The back of the club, sippin Moet, is where you'll find me The back of the club, mackin hoes, my crew's behind me Mad question askin, blunt passin, music blastin But I just can't quit Cause one of these honies Biggie gots ta creep with Sleep with, keep the ep a secret why not Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot Now check it, I got more Mack than Craig and in the bed Believe me sweety I got enough to feed the needy No need to be greedy I got mad friends with Benz's C-notes by the layers, true fuckin players Jump in the Rover and come over tell your friends jump in the GS3, I got the chronic by the tree [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.]  "I love it when you call me big pop-pa" Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player  "I love it when you call me big pop-pa" To the honies gettin money playin niggaz like dummies  "I love it when you call me big pop-pa" If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?) Cause I see some ladies tonight who should be havin my baby; bay-bee [Verse Two] Straight up honey really I'm askin Most of these niggaz think they be mackin but they be actin Who they attractin with that line, "What's your name what's your sign?" Soon as he buy that wine I just creep up from behind And ask what your interests are, who you be with Things to make you smile, what numbers to dial You gon' be here for a while, I'm gon' go call my crew You go call your crew We can rendezvous at the bar around two Plans to leave, throw the keys to Lil Cease Pull the truck up, front, and roll up the next blunt So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly A t-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape Conversate for a few, cause in a few, we gon' do What we came to do, ain't that right boo [truuuueee] Forget the telly we just go to the crib and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke l's while you do me [Verse Three] (How ya livin Biggie Smalls?) In mansion and Benz's Givin ends to my friends and it feels stupendous Tremendous cream, fuck a dollar and a dream Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams Choppin o's, smokin lye an' Optimo's Money hoes and clothes all a nigga knows A foolish pleasure, whatever I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure However living better now, Coogi sweater now Drop top BM's, I'm the man girlfriend [Puff Daddy] Honey check it Tell your friends, to get with my friends And we can be friends Shit we can do this every weekend Aight? Is that aight with you? Yeah... keep bangin [Notorious B.I.G.] Uh, check it out Nine-fo' shit for dat ass Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior M.A.F.I.A Represent baby BAY-BAY! Uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G Album: Ready to Die Song: Respect Typed by: mark@cowcud.demon.co.uk Verse 1 ~~~~~~~ Nineteen-seventy somethin', nigga I don't sweat the date My moms is late so I had to plan my escape out the skins, in this world of fly girls Tanqueray and Hennessy until I cold hurl Ten months in this gut, what the fuck I wish moms'd hurry up so I could get buck wild, juvenile rippin' mics and shit New York New York, ready for the likes of this, uh Then came the worst date, May 21st 2:19, that's when my momma water burst No spouse in the house so she rode for self to the hospital, to see if she could get a little help Umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck I'm seein' my death and I ain't even took my first step I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy The doctor looked and said, "He's gonna be a Bad Boy" Verse 2 ~~~~~~~ Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts, makin' cream On the drug scene, fuck a football team Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen Hearin' the coach scream at my lifetime dream, I mean I wanna blow up, stack my dough up So school I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up Mom said that I should grow up and check myself before I wreck myself, disrespect myself Put the drugs on the shelf? Nah, couldn't see it Scarface, King of New York, I wanna be it Rap was secondary, money was necessary Until I got incarcerated--kinda scary C74-Mark 8 set me straight Not able to move behind the great steel gate Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail? All the money I stacked was all the money for bail Verse 3 ~~~~~~~ Ninety-four, now I explore new horizons Mama smile when she see me, that's surprisin' Honeys is tantalizin', they freak all night Peep duckin' cops on the creep all night As I open my eyes and realizin' I changed Not the same deranged child stuck up in the game And to my niggas livin' street life Learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest Still tote your vest man, niggas be trippin' In the streets without a gat? Nah, nigga you're slippin' If I'm pimpin on The F with weed on my breath Original hustler with the muffler on the Tec Respect to the Mac's and the Ac's To the freaks in the Jeeps, lick shots to my peeps The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G Album: Ready to Die Song: Friend of Mine Typed by: mark@cowcud.demon.co.uk [Intro] No... Fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes, all my niggas know Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, Gucci Don, you know how we play Fuckin skanless-ass bitches; you know how it go Boots I meet a bitch, fuck a bitch next thing you know you fuckin the bitch You just pass it around and shit, pass the shit like a cold and shit Fuck 'em [Verse 1] Now when I'm fuckin off gin I'm invincible Don't love no hoe, that's my priciple cause uh, bitches come [and uh] bitches go That's why I get my nut and I be out the fuckin do' [You know] they might be the one to set me up Wanna get they little brother to wet me up That's why I tote Tecs and stuff to get 'em off my case Just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced I don't give a bitch enough, to catch the bus and when I see the semen I'm leavin Bitches be schemin, I kid ya not That's why I keep my windows locked and my Glock cocked One hoe said, "Big, why you so hard on us? Why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?" Thug nigga 'til the end, tell a friend bitch Cause when I like ya, then ya go and fuck my friend bitch [And you know that ain't right] [Chorus - repeat 4X] You know that ain't right With a friend of mine [Verse 2] You see, I don't sweat these hoes I keep 'em in flavors like Timbos and Girbauds Bitches just like to play the merry-go [Yeah we know, drop the scenario] It was me, Dee, the MPV The blunts and brew thang, knockin' some Wu-tang M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp Needless to speak, the Gee's obsolete Don't sleep! Banged the skins in a week On the creep up the avenue I seen her on the block, who she rappin' to? That's my nigga Dee, damn he got Gee Now she fuckin him and fuckin me, see You know that ain't right [Verse 3] Uh...now I play her far like a moon play a star She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star I be cruisin up the block, I be passin her Pimpin hard with the female passenger And the only time I call her to hang Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, schemin on a gang-bang She should've used her intuition Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen She's sayin I dissed her 'cause I'm fuckin her sister A message to the fellas, that really gets 'em pissed, uh But she started that fuckin family She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me? (True) Plus your sister look better than you Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you So break the fuck out like a rash I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit yo' nasty ass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ready to Die Song: Unbelievable Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one Representin BK to the fullest Gats I pull it, bastards duckin when Big be buckin Chickenheads be cluckin in my bathroom fuckin It ain't nuttin, they know Big be handlin with the mac in the Ac' door paneling Bandaging MC's, oxygen they can't breathe Mad tricks up the sleeve, wear boxers so my dick can breathe Breeze through in the Q-45 by my side, lyrical high And those that rushes my cluthes get put on crutches Get smoked like dutches from the master Hate to blast ya, but I have ta, you see I smoke a lot Your life is played out like Kwame, and them fuckin polka dots Who rock the spot? Biggie! You know how the weed go, unbelievable [Verse Two] B-I-G, G-I-E, AKA, B.I.G. Get it? Biggie Also known as the bon appetit Rappers can't sleep need sleepin Big keep creepin Bulelts heat-seekin, casualties need treatin Dumb rappers need teachin Lesson A - don't fuck with B-I, that's that Oh I, thought he was wack; oh come come now Why y'all so dumb now - hunt me or be hunted I got three hundred and fifty-seven ways to simmer sautee, I'm the winner all day Lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway My forte causes caucausians to say He sounds demented, car weed scented If I said it, I meant it Bite my tongue for no-one Call me evil, or unbelievable [Verse Three] Buck shots out the sun roof of Lexus Coupes Leave no witnesses, what you think this is Ain't no amateurs here, I damage and tear MC's fear me, they too near not to hear me Clearly, I'm the triple beam dream One thousand grams of uncut to the gut It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill Tryin to play gorilla, when you ain't no killer The gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver Get ready to die, tell God I said hi And throw down some ice, for the nicest MC Niggaz know the steelo, unbelievable The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious BIG Album: Ready to Die Song: Suicidal Thoughts Typed by: OHHLA.com (RING, RING) (Hello? Aw shit, nigga. What the fuck time is it, man? Oh god damn. Nigga do you know what time it is? Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on? You alright? Aw, nigga what the fuck is wrong wit you?) When I die, fuck it I wanna go to hell Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies God will probably have me on some real strict shit No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice All my life I been considered as the worst Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion She don't even love me like she did when I was younger Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes? Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies My babies' mothers 8 months, her little sister's 2 Who's to blame for both of them (naw nigga, not you) I swear to God I just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddah head The stress is buildin' up, I can't, I can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me Naw you wouldn't understand (nigga, talk to me please) You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone She knew me and her sista had somethin' goin' on I reach my peak, I can't speak, call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak. I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin', matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin'. (BANG) (hey yo big...hey yo big) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Life After Death Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Previously, on Ready to Die *music fades in from "Suicidal Thoughts"* ... me and her sister had somethin goin on (Aiyyo, would you listen to me motherfucker?) I reach my peak, I can't speak Call my nigga Cheek, tell him that my will is weak (Aiyyo c'mon nigga, cut that) I'm sick of niggaz lyin, I'm sick of bitches hawkin (Aiyyo, yoyo Big, aiyyo chill) Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin *gunshot* *Life After Death piano and music comes in* (Aiyyo Big, aiyyo BIG!!) *heartbeat slows, sound of ambulence sirens* *piano plays on* *sound of pulse monitor and breathing machine* [Puff Daddy] Damn... we was spose to rule the world baby We was unstoppable! The shit can't be over, no The shit can't be over man I know you hear me nigga I know you hear me You got too much livin to do Too much unfinished business It ain't over *flatline* Live your life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Somebody's Gotta Die Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse One] I'm sittin in the crib dreamin about Leer jets and coupes The way Salt shoops and how they sell records like Snoop Oops! I'm interrupted by a doorbell 3:52, who the hell Is this? I gets up quick Cocks my shit Stop the dogs from barkin Then proceed to walkin Its a face that I seen before My nigga Sing, we used to sling on the 16th floor Check it I look deeper I see blood up on his sneakers And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth So I dip Nigga, is you creepin or speakin? He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the beacon I opens up the door, pitiful Is he in critical? Retaliation for this one won't be minimal Cuz I'm a criminal Way before the rap shit Bust the gat shit Puff won't even know what happened, If it's done smoothly Silencers on the Uzi Stash in the hooptie My alibi, any cutie With a booty that done fuck Big Pop Head spinnin, reminiscin bout my man C-Rock [Chorus: repeat 2X] Somebody's got ta die If I got, you got ta go Somebody's got to die Let the gunshots blow Somebody's got to die Nobody got ta know That I killed yo ass in the mist, kid [Verse Two] Fillin clips he explained our situation Precisely, so we know exactly what we facin Some kid named Jason In a Honda station wagon Was braggin About how much loot and crack he stackin Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique Small crew 'Round the time I was locked up with you True indeed But yo nigga let me proceed Don't fill them clips too high Give them bullets room to breathe Damn where was I? Yeah One night in town Blew the fuck up D-Rock went home And Jay got stuck the fuck up Hit 'em twice Got 'em right for the virgin white Pistol whipped his kids And taped up his wife He said "Yo Rock, set em up", no question Wet em up no less  Than 50 shots in his direction How many shots? Man nigga, I seen mad holes What kinda gats? Hitch links, Cocks, and Calicoles But fuck that I know where all them niggas rest at In the buildin hustlin And they don't be strapped Supreme in black Is downstairs, the engine runnin Find a bag to put the guns in And c'mon if yo comin [Verse Three] Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throw down How its gonna go down Lay these niggas low-down Slow down Fuck all that plannin shit Run up in they cribs And make em catch the man n shit See niggas like you do ten year bids Miss the niggas they want And murder innocent kids Not I One niggas in my eye That's Jason Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted Revenge I'm tastin at the tip of my lips I can't wait to feel my clip in his hips Pass the chocolate Thai Sing ain't lie There's Jason with his back to me Talkin to his faculty I start to get a funny feelins Put the mask on in case his niggas start squealin Scream his name out Squeeze six knuckles shorter Nigga turned around holdin his daughter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Hypnotize Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhhh, uhhh, uh, c'mon [Verse One] Hah, sicka than your average Poppa Twist cabbage off instinct niggaz don't think shit stink pink gators, my Detroit players Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there ery'night Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who do something to us, talk go through us Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (ehehehe) Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, haha!) Bang every MC easily, busily Recently niggaz frontin ain't sayin nuttin (nope) So I just speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my piece Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps Packin, askin who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it Chorus: sung in imitation of part of Slick Rick's "La-Di-Da-Di" Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (hah) [Verse Two] I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (uh-huh) Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (that's right) All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino (c'mon) Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi (haaaaah!) Now who's the real dookie, meanin who's really the shit Them niggaz ride dicks, Frank White push the sticks on the Lexus, LX, four and a half Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads Tits and bras, menage-a-tois, sex in expensive cars I still leave you on the pavement Condo paid for, no car payment At my arraignment, note for the plantiff Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement (shhh) Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (not guilty) Richer than Richie, till you niggaz come and get me Chorus: Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (huh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) [Verse Three] I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit (I can fill ya) Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly Wreck it buy a new one Your crew run run run, your crew run run I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit flows girls say he's sweet like licorice So get with this nigga, it's easy Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (that's right) Come up to your job, hit you while you workin (uhh) for certain, Poppa freakin, not speakin Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly Hit em wit the force like Obe, dick black like Toby (Obe... Toby) Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me Where the safe show me, homey.. (say what, homey) Chorus: Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ The Madd Rapper Album: Life After Death Song: Kick in the Door Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Welcome back. {*audience applauds*} We're here on Bad Boy television, and I'm Trevin Jones and I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper. And quite frankly -- he's very mad. We're gonna TRY to find out why; so we'll take some questions at this point from our studio audience. Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name, and where you're from. 	Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle 	and, I just don't understand, why you so mad. (yo, yo) 	Like what are you so mad about? (yo, yo, y-y-yo) [The Madd Rapper] You wanna know why, yo first of all, yo first of all you can't be askin me no question knowhatI'msayin who the fuck is you? (Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper.) YouknowhatI'msayin? You can't be askin me no question (It's a family oriented show.) I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin? I'ma tell you why I'm mad. I'ma tell you why I'm mad. These niggaz is makin five hundred thousand dollar videos, yunusayin? They drivin around in hot cars, yunusayin? They got bitches, they got all that shit. (Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language.) YouknowhatI'msayin? I'm still livin with my MOMS, youknowhatI'msayin? That's my word. Yunusayin? I'm makin records I ain't made no money yet I done made this is my fourth album yo, this my FOURTH ALBUM. I ain't made a dime yet. This nigga made one album, he makin wild records. That "Ready to Die" shit, it was aight, it was aight, yunumsayin, that shit was aight, it was cool. But my shit is more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit. And they not recognizing, they not sayin I recognize. And fuck is that, who is you to be askin me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you? {*The Madd Rapper fades out*} [cut and scratched "I gots to talk. I gotta tell what I feel.      I gotta talk about my life as I see it!"] [Intro: repeat 2X] - ('Biggie' repeats every line of beat) This goes out to you This goes out to you, and you, and you, and you [Verse One] Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns As I crush so-called willies, thugs, and rapper-dons Get in that ass, quick fast, like ramadan It's that rap phenomenon Don-Dadda, fuck Poppa You got ta, call me, Francis M.H. White in tank-light totes, tote iron Was told in shootouts, stay low, and keep firin Keep extra clips for extra shit Who's next to flip, on that cat with that grip on rap The most shady ("Tell 'em!") Frankie baby Ain't no tellin where I may be May see me in D.C. at Howard homecomin with my man Capone, dumbin, fuckin somethin You should know my steelo Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show to orgies with hoes I never seen befo' So, Jesus, get off the Notorious penis, before I squeeze and bust If the beef between us, we can settle it With the chrome and metal shit I make it hot, like a kettle get You're delicate, you better get - who sent ya? You still pedal shit, I got more rides than +Great Adventure+ Biggie ("How are you gonna do it?") [Chorus: repeat 4X] Kick in the door, wavin the four-four All you heard was Poppa don't hit me no more [Verse Two] On ya mark, get set, when I spark, ya wet Look how dark it get, when you're marked for death Should I start your breath should I let you die In fear you start to cry, ask why Lyrically, I'm worshipped, don't front the word sick You cursed it, but rehearsed it I drop unexpectedly like bird shit You herbs get, stuck quickly for royalties and show money Don't forget the publishin, I punish em, I'm done with them Son, I'm surprised you run with them I think they got cum in them, cause they, nothin but dicks Tryin to blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks Mad I smoke hydro rock diamonds that's sick Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own click Take trips to Cairo, layin with yo' bitch I know you prayin you was rich, fuckin prick When I see ya I'ma [Verse Three] This goes out for those that choose to use disrespectful views on the King of NY Fuck that, why try, throw bleach in your eye Now ya braille in it, stash that light shit, or scalin it Conscience of ya nonsense in eighty-eight Sold more powder than Johnson and Johnson Tote steel like Bronson, "Vigilante" You wanna get on son, you need to ask me Ain't no other king in this rap thing They siblings, nothing but my chil'ren One shot, they disappearin It's ill when, MC's used to be on cruddy shit Took home, "Ready to Die," listened, studied shit Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue They light weight, fragilly, my nine milly make the white shake, thats why my money never funny And you still recoupin, stupid {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ R. Kelly Album: Life After Death Song: Fuck You Tonight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big] Uhh [Dad] I like that, you like that? Heh [Big] Here's another one [Dad] And another one [Big] And another one [Dad] And another one [Big] Uhh, what, what? Intro/Chorus: R. Kelly, Biggie (variations on Big's part) You must be used to me spendin And all that sweet winin and dinin Well I'm fuckin you tonight [Big] Here's another one   And another one   Uhh, uhh, what? [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.] Some say the x, make the sex Spec-tacular, make me lick you from yo neck To yo back, then ya, shiverin, tongue deliverin Chills up that spine, that ass is mine Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight If its alright with you, we fuckin (that's alright) Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin in the park Pissy off Bacardi Dark Remember when I used to play between yo legs You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head Straight to yo mother's bed At the Mariott, we be lucky if we find a spot Next to yo sister, damn I really missed the way she used to rub my back, when I hit that Way she used to giggle when yo ass would wiggle Now I know you used to suites at the Parker Meridian Trips to the Carribean, but tonight, no ends Chorus 2X [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] Girl you look fine, like a windface Rolex, you just shine I like that waistline Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb My styles genuine, girl I love you long time I got you pinned up, with yo fuckin limbs up All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up Bitch keep yo shin up, please watch me do thee Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mommy I like it when you tro' it pon me No love makin, strictly back breakin Ceas' know, all his hoes, go to my door Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more So no, caviar, sharp bar, uh uh Strictly sex that's pretty and left over spaghetti I know you used to slow CD's and Don P's But tonight its eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that Chorus 2X [Verse Three: R. Kelly] Lets stop the bullshit baby Let me take you to the stop, get you hot So you wanna be with me, Puff Daddy B.I.G., bring that ass to me Chorus: repeat to fade with variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ The Lox Album: Life After Death Song: Last Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: The Lox] Can I live til my last day Hittin honies that be na-sty Gettin money in the fast way And I only care halfway But I still can't let you pass me [The Lox] Yo what's beef to you, three niggaz with hoodies and bats That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats When we came here we cut off all kind circulation Breathin, eatin, the whole situation When we do our shit we do our shit for real While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill I'ma spend that mil and cop only hot shit Rock top shit you know how The Lox get Then you can see me flyin in the Bentley cockpit Lox and B-I, hold our grica down for years Gang not, but we been had our black tears Niggaz under the stairs only understand what we got Underground, all above must get shot You couldn't book me Dano, Sheek Luciano put the burners to all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin y'all You already know what it's about when I run up in your house Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch Hearin you out is senseless, perhaps for instance I give this faggot a french kiss Black gloves, no prints, dark tints Word on the street they ain't heard from him since You know about life after kicked the kid in Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams Scri-dam the flow is forbidd-en Either you ridin or you dyin cause we swingin iron Lox and Poppa, turning niggaz into Jim Hoffa Who gon stop us, it's your last joint double copper You gettin money or your runnin from the Feds Ain't nothin over here but sixteen and one in the head And I solemnly swear That all y'all niggaz out there got a problem this year [Chorus] - 2X [The Lox] Before you think of keepin me down, heatin me down The flow like water get deepe and you drown with no soul, many niggaz roll with no dough Even the small Dunn got a little black hole Your destiny is somethin you can never figure out Niggaz is never happy til there's blood up in your mouth There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to play in this? A lot are dead, how the hell you take the pain? Live with it got money you better get with it My man had the thug in him did his bid with it Get married to the game but never have a kid with it Advice from the wise, slice the pies Too many schemes divides, when dreams collide Teams provide, war for the street to absorb Stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor Only a blind dove'll fall in love with a whore [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhh, uhh Who the fuck wanna squeeze? My Desert Ease make MC's freeze You wakin up in cold sweats, they just dreams You still apoligizin, analyzin, my size and your size and realizin, a fist fight would be asinine You just pop wines I must pop nines Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up We can hook up, all I see is the future Disrespect, I shoot ya By the way, them bricks, get flipped weekly Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak Die for a dollar nigga, life ain't sweet Play for keeps wet shirts with experts on the creep I be the mob fiance, about to marry it Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like my first LP, beef with me is unhealthy Fuck around and get an ul-cer, loose your pulse or collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung For them homos, still doin promos Break both your legs you're movin slow-mo, got shined to glow mo' Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need for mo' [Chorus] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jay-Z, Angela Winbush Album: Life After Death Song: I Love the Dough Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *dice game intro* [Jay-Z] Uhh, uhh Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Hah, what, I like this Uhh, uhh, I like this What? Uhh, what? Uhh Verse One: Jay-Z We push the hottest V's, peel fast through the city, play Monopoly with real cash Me and Biggie and the models be, shaking they saditty ass And parotta be, somethin you cats got to see And the watches be all types and shapes of stones Bein broke is childish and I'm quite grown Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan' Scope the spot out, see somethin nice and I'm gone You cats is home, screamin the fight's on I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watchin Ty-son Same night, same fight But one of us cats ain't playin right, I let you tell it People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons And tell me you won't ball every chance you get and any chance you hit, we live for the moment Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars Cats pop bottles bone chicks that favor Idalis and rack up frequent flier mileage Chorus: Angela Winbush Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey I love the dough, more than you know Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. I'm poppin Magnums while Jigga bag somethin Watch is platinum, got jet lag from flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes Make the best CD's and the best tapes Don't forget the vinyl, take girls break spinals Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit You seen the Jesus, dipped to H classes Ice project off lights, chick flashes Blind your broke asses, even got rocks in big mustaches Rock top fashions Ain't shit changed, except the number after the dot on the Range, way niggaz look at me now, kinda strange I hate y'all too Rather be in Carribean sands with Rachael It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal Bitches used to go, "Ewww!" Still tote steel, tryin to see five mil off the sin-gle, for real You ain't fazin the amazin While your gun's raisin, mine is blazin See you on see me all talkin to sweetness Take it for weakness and leave quick Blocker, Roc-a-, Fella, Bad Boy collabo Two MC's with mad dough, ju' know! Chorus: Angela Winbush I love the dough, more than you know Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey (repeat 2X) Verse Three: Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G. Miracu-lous, pockets stay full Niggaz skip the bull cause we matadors Snatch the P-89's that we pack in the drawers And we, clappin doors in your Acuras Snap like, cameras on amateurs Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks or flaws Erybody got a part to play, back to yours Run up in your crib now, crack your doors Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss Play the charts like the Beatles, y'all adapt you lost And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all Too bad for y'all, ain't too many as bad as yours truly, do we, we laugh at y'all Little bastards y'all Uhh, uhh We hit makers with acres Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq Country house, tennis courts on horseback Ridin decidin cracked crab or lobster Who say mobsters don't prosper Niggaz is actors, niggaz deserve Oscars Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug past your brain Reminesce on dames who, coochie used to stink When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places Tito smile everytime he see our faces Cases catch more than outfield-ers Half these rappin cats, ain't seen war Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame Speak my name, I make em dash like Dame Chorus: Angela Winbush I love the dough, more than you know Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: What's Beef? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The Commission Uncle Paulie, Big Ditti Caesar Leo DeGenero (yeahhh) Charlie Baltimore, Iceberg Slim The most shadiest, Frank Baby We here (do you know what beef is?) We ain't goin nowhere (do you know what beef is?) Uh-uh (ask yourself, do you know what beef is?) Uh-uh, uhh Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre rapper style used by me, the B.I.G. I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seein Will reach the fuckin ceiling, check, check it My Calico been cocked (uh-huh) this rap Alfred Hitchcock drop top notch playa hating won't stop (uhh) This instant, rappers too persistant Quick to spit Biggie name on shit, make my name taste like ass when you speak it, see me in the street your jewelry you can keep it, that be our little secret See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz Motherfuckers still in my biz Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin kidnip kids? (uhh) Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the bridge (oooh) That's how it is, my shit is laid out (what) Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out) Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call All y'all dissapear by tomorrow All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets Beef is when I see you Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep Beef is when I see you Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it I done smoked with the best of em (uh-huh) shot at the rest of em (uh-huh) Was about a hundred or more, maybe less of em Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook just be whylin on you just be, stylin on you (you so crazy) When I, tried to warn you but your eyes fucked up Now I cleared them shits with hits you on the fuckin bench (mmm) Pardon my French but ahh, sometimes I get kinda peeved at these, weak MC's (don't stop) with the supreme baller like, lyrics I call em like I see em G Y'all niggaz sound like me (yeah) Y'all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me It ain't hard to find me number one with the booyaka (booyaka) Gimme the Remi and the chronic ain't no tellin what I do to ya (I do to ya) It's obvious the game's new to ya (new to ya) Take them ends you make (ehehe) and spend em on a tutor hah, one shot, I'm through with ya What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (don't sleep) Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe) Beef is when I see you Guaranteed to be in ICU (I see you) one more time What's beef? (What's beef) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep) Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep) Beef is when I see you Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it (I see you) There'll be nothin but smooth sailin (sailin) When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin (bailin) All I got is heat and tough talk for you (uh-huh) Tie you up, cut your balls off just to use (oooh) Man listen straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Cristopher Watch me set it off like Vivica Here lies your demise, close your eyes (uh-huh) Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen It's bad cause I just begun, what make the shit real bad I was havin fun (ahaha!) What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (Don't sleep) Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets (ain't safe) Beef is when I see you Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time (I see you) What's beef? (What's beef?) Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep) Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (thirty deep) Beef is when I see you (I see you) Guaranteed to be in ICU, and I'm through (Yeah, and I'm through) Uhhh, uhhh It's like that (Now ask yourself, do you really, know what beef is?) Like that (Then ask yourself) Uhh (Do you really, want beef?) Like that, like that *echoes* (Ahahaha! Yeah, I like that) (Big Nash, hit me baby, on and on and on and on) (Bad Boy) (Y'all know what it is) (Shit, I don't want no beef, ahaaa!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: B.I.G. Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * to the beat of and styled after Schoolly D's "P.S.K. What Does it Mean?" Yo C-Gutta where you at? D Rockafella Caesar Leo Degenero Bled C Money SL Uhh... B.I.G. is making this cream Bitches always say what the hell does that mean? B is for the bitches, who can't understand How one fly nigga became a man I is for the way it goes in and out One by one I knocks em out G is for the way the game goes in the gutter Other MC's man they ain't sayin nuthin Rockin on, to the break of dawn Make the bitch give the pussy get the mouth I'm gone What? It ain't no more to it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Kelly Price, Mase, Puff Daddy Album: Life After Death Song: Mo Money Mo Problems Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash; mark@cowcud.demon.co.uk [Verse One: Mase] Now, who's hot who not Tell me who rock who sell out in the stores You tell me who flopped who copped the blue drop Who jewels got robbed who's mostly Goldie down  to the tube sock, the same ol pimp Mase, you know ain't nuttin change but my limp Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp Guarantee a million sales pullin all the love You don't believe in Harlem World nigga double up We don't play around it's a bet lay it down nigga didn't know me ninety-one bet they know me now I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound Can't no Ph.D. niggaz hold me down, Cooter schooled me to the game, now I know my duty Stay humble stay low blow like Hootie True pimp niggaz spend no dough on the booty And then ya yell there go Mase there go your cutie    {*Chorus overlaps last line*} [Chorus: Kelly Price - repeat 2X] I don't know what, they want from me It's like the more money we come across, the more problems we see [Verse Two: Puff Daddy] Yeah yeah, ahaha, from the D-to-the-A-to-the-D-D-Y Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly I call all the shots Rip all the spots, rock all the rocks Cop all the drops, I know you thinkin now's when all the ballin stops, nigga never home gotta call me on the yacht Ten years from now we'll still be on top Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop Now whatcha gonna do when it's cool bag a money much longer than yours and a team much stronger than yours, violate me this'll be your day, we don't play Mess around be D.O.A., be on your way Cause it ain't enough time here, ain't enough lime here for you to shine here, deal with many women but treat dimes fair, and I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square Yeah, yeah yeah [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhhh B.I.G., P-O, P-P-A No info, for the, DEA Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant Tap my cell, and the phone in the basement My team supreme, stay clean Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that cat you see at all events bent Gats in holsters girls on shoulders Playboy, I told ya, bein mice to me Bruise too much, I lose, too much Step on stage the girls boo too much I guess it's cause you run with lame dudes too much Me lose my touch, never that If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat Where the true players at? Throw your Rollies in the sky Wave em side to side and keep your hands high While I give your girl the eye, player please Lyrically, niggaz see, B.I.G. be flossin jig on the cover of Fortune Five double oh, here's my phone number Your man ain't got to know, I got to go Got the flow down pizzat, platinum plus Like thizzat, dangerous on trizzack, leave your ass flizzat [Kelly Price - repeat 3X] I don't know what, they want from me It's like the more money we come across, the more problems we see [Kelly Price] What's goin on? Ooooh.. somebody tell me.. what's goin on? [Kelly Price - repeat to fade] I don't know what, they want from me It's like the more money we come across, the more problems we see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Niggas Bleed Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One] Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra Go to room 112, tell em Blanco sent ya Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges I got these kids in Ranges, to leave them niggas brainless All they tote is stainless, you just remain as calm as possible, make the deal go through If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do Please make yo killings clean, slugs up in between they eyes, like "True Lies," kill 'em and flee the scene Just bring back the coke or the cream Or else, yo life is on the shelf, we mean this Frank Them cats we fuckin wit put bombs in yo' moms gas tank Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty 380's Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out I got gats that blow the wall out, clear the mall out Fuck the fallout, word to Stretch I bet they pussy The seven digits push me, fuckin real, here's the deal I got a hundred bricks, fourteen-five apiece (uh-huh) Enough to cop a six; buy the house on the beach (uh-huh) Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capiche? Everybody gettin cream no one considered them leech Think about it now, thats damn near one-point-five I kill 'em all I'll be set for life, Frank pay attention These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades If you die they still get paid, extra probably Fuck a robbery, I'm the boss Promise you won't rob 'em, I promise But of course you know I had my fingers crossed Niggas bleed just like us 	Picture me bein scared 	of a nigga that breathe the same air as me Niggas bleed just like us 	Picture me bein shook 	We can both pull burners, make the motherfuckin beef cook Niggas bleed just like us 	Picture a nigga hidin 	My life in that man hands, while he just decidin Niggas bleed just like us 	I'd rather go toe to toe with all of y'all 	Runnin ain't in my protocol [Verse Two] Since it's on, I call my nigga Arizona Ron From Tuscon, pushed the black Yukon Usually had the slow grooves on, mostly rock the Isley Stupid as a young'un, chose not the moves wisely Sharper with game, him and his crooks, called The Juxs Heard it was sweet, bout three-fifty a piece Ron bought a truck, two bricks laid in the cut His peeps got bucked, got locked the fuck up That's when Ron vanished, came back, speakin Spanish Lavish habits, two rings, twenty carats Here's a criminal, nigga made America's Most Killed his baby mother brother, slit his throat The nigga got bagged with the toast Weeded, took it to trial, beat it Now he feel he undefeated, he mean it Nothing to lose, tattooed around his gun wounds Everything to gain, embedded in his brain And me I feel the same for this money and diamonds Specially if my daughter cryin, I ain't lyin Y'all know the science [Verse Three] We agreed to go on shootin is silly Because niggas could be hidin in showers with mac-milli's So I freaked 'em, the telly manager was Puerto Rican Gloria, from Astoria, I went to war with her peeps in ninety-one, stole a gun from my workers And they took drugs, they tried to jerk us We blazed they place, long story, Glo' seent my face Got shook, thought a nigga was comin for the safe Now she breakin, shut up, 112, what's shakin? A Jamaican, some bitches I swear, they look gay in a black Range Rover, been outside all day If it's trouble let me know, I'll be on my way Please, I got kids to feed, I done seen you make niggas bleed Nightmare, this bitch don't need it Ron, get the gasoline, this spot, we bout to blow this Get the cash before the cops and Range Rover cats notice Room 112, right by the staircase, perfect place When they evacuate, they meet they fate Ron pass the gasoline, the nigga passed me kerosene (uhh) Fuck it, it's flame-able, my hunger is unexplainable Strike the match, just what I expected The dread kid ejected in seconds And here come two, opposite sexes, one black, one Malaysian We in the hallway waitin patient As soon as she hit the door we start blastin I saw her brains hit the floor, Ron laughin, I swear to God I hit Maxi Priest at least twelve times in the chest Spint around, shot the chink in the breast She cryin, headshots put her to rest Pop open the briefcases, nothin but Franklin faces The spot's hot, sprinklers, alarm systems That's when other guests start to slip in It's time for us to get to dippin I know them niggas in the Range is on they way up Flippin, pistol grippin, I load the clip in The hallway, got real loud and crowded They walked right past us, I don't know how they allowed it The funny thing about it, through all the excitement They Range got towed, they double parked by a hydrant Stupid motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: I Got a Story to Tell Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Who y'all talkin to man? Uhh Check it out, check it out This here goes out to all the niggaz that be fuckin mad bitches in other niggaz cribs thinkin shit is sweet Nigga creep up on your ass, hahaha Live niggaz respect it, check it I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya Even left all my motherfuckin hoes for ya Niggaz think Frankie pussy whipped, nigga picture that With a Kodak, Insta-ma-tak We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat Sweetness, where you parked at? Petiteness but that ass fat She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that, I'm fuck witchu The bitch official doe, dick harder than a missile yo Try to hit if she trippin dissapearin like Arsenio Yo, the bitch push a double-oh with the five in front, probably a connivin stunt Y'all drive in front, I'm a peel with her Find a deal with her, she fuck around and steal, huh? Then we all get laced Television's, Versacci heaven, when I'm up in em The shit she kicked, all the shit's legit She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks Nigga tricked ridiculous, the shit was plush She's stressin me to fuck, like she was in a rush We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous I'm in his ass while he playin gainst the Utah Jazz My 112, CD blast, I was past She came twice I came last, roll the grass She giggle, say I don't smoke it on homegrown Then I heard her moan, honey I'm home Yep, tote chrome for situations like this I'm up in his broad I know he won't like this Now I'm like bitch you better talk to him Before this fist put a spark to him Fuck around shit get dark to him, put a part through him Lose a major part to him, arm, leg She beggin me to stop but this cat gettin closer Gettin hot like a toaster, I cocks the toast, uhh Before my eyes could blink She screams out, "Honey bring me up somethin to drink!" He go back downstairs more time to think Her brain racin, she's tellin me to stay patient She don't know I'm, cool as a fan Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man But I can and I will doe, I probably chill doe Even though situation lookin kinda ill yo It came to me like a song I wrote Told the bitch gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase Play the cut, nigga comin off some love potion shit Flash the heat on em, he stood emotionless Dropped the glass screamin, "Don't blast here's the stash, a hundred cash just don't shoot my ass, please!" Nigga pullin mad G's out the floor Put stacks in a Prater knapsack, hit the door Grab the keys to the five, call my niggaz on the cell Bring some weed I got a story to tell, uhh... Yo man, y'all niggaz ain't gonna believe what the fuck happened to me. Remember that bitch I left the club with man? Yo, freaky yo. I'm up in this bitch playa this bitch fuckin run them ol Knick ass niggaz and shit, I'm up in the spot though. One of them six-five niggaz, I don't know. Anyway I'm up in the motherfuckin spot, so boom I'm up in the pussy, whatever whatever. I sparks up some lye, Pop Duke creeps up in on some, must have been rained out or something *laughing* because he's in the spot. Had me scared, had me scared, I was shook Daddy - but I forget I had my Roscoe on me. Always. You know how we do. So anyway the nigga comes up the stairs, he creepin up the steps, the bitch all shook she sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit. She gettin mad nervous, I said fuck that man! I'm the nigga, you know how we do it nigga, ransom note style put the scarf around my motherfuckin face, gagged that bitch up, played the kizzack. Soon this nigga comes up in the spot, flash the Desert in his face he drops the glass. Looked like the nigga pissed on his-self or somethin, word to mother! Ahh fuckit this nigga runs dead to the floor, peels up the carpet, start givin me mad papers, mad papers. (I told you that bitch was a shiesty bitch cuz! Word to mother I used to fuck her cousin but you ain't know that! Hahaha. You wouldn't know that shit. Really though.) I threw all that motherfuckin money up in the Prada knapsack. Two words, I'm gone! (No doubt, no doubt... no doubt!) Yo nigga got some lye, y'all got some lye? *conversation fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorius B.I.G. w/ Bone-Thugs-N-Harmony Album: Life After Death Song: Notorius Thugs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro 1-5: Bone-Thugz-N-Harmony [Intro 1] (Just) Bone and Biggie Biggie			We gonna rock the party Just Bone and Biggie Biggie (repeat 3X)		Rock the party, party Yes Bone and Biggie Biggie			Betta run and tell everybody Just Bone and Biggie Biggie (repeat 3X)		Everybody, everybody [Intro 2] (Let's) Ride let's ride let's ride let's ride Get high, get high, get high, c'mon Let's ride let's ride let's ride let's ride Get high, get high, get high [Intro 3] Just Bone and Biggie Biggie (repeat 4X)		We gonna rock the party 						Rock the party, party Just Bone and Biggie Biggie (repeat 4X)		Betta run and tell everybody 						Everybody, everybody [Intro 4] No-to-rious, Thugs		Nuthin but them thugsters 				Nuthin but them thugster thugsters No-to-rious, Thugs		Nuthin but them thugsters 				Nuthin but them thugster thugsters Chorus: Intro 3 and Intro 4 overlapped, Intro 2 [Biggie] Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us Straight up weed no angel dust, label us Notorious Thug ass niggaz that love to bust, it's strange to us Y'all niggaz be scramblin, gamblin Up in restaraunts with mandolins, and violins We just sittin here tryin to win, tryin not to sin High off weed and lots of gin So much smoke need oxygen, steadily countin them Benjamins Nigga you should too, if you knew What this game'll do to you Been in this shit since ninety-two Look at all the bullshit I been through So-called beef with you know who Fuck a few female stars or two Nigga, blue light, nigga, move like Mike, shit not to be fucked with Motherfucker better duck quick, cause Me and my dogs love to buck shit Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim No aspirations to quit the game Spit yo' game, talk yo' shit Grab yo' gat, call yo' click Squeeze yo' clip, hit the right one Pass that weed, I got to light one All them niggaz I got ta fight one All them hoes I got ta like one Our situation is a tight one Whatcha gonna do, fight or run? Seems to me that you'll take B Bone and Big, nigga die slowly I'ma tell you like a nigga told me Cash Rule Everything Around Me Shit, lyrically, niggaz can't see me Fuck it, buy the coke Cook the coke, cut it Know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself lovin' it Nigga with a Benz fuckin it Doesn't it seem odd to you Big come through with mobs and crews Goodfellas down to the Mo Thugs dudes Who's the killa, me or you? (We forgive you, for you know not what you do) [Bizzy] Seven A.M. woke in the mornin With Hen and caffine and green and nicotine No dough so pop a couple of doze Lil Ripsta, nigga Mista Clean Nigga Dean, deep in my temple and not to get sentimentally sting, wit my Instrumelody, and heated especially for your team And a forty-five indeed will beam in between the scenes destroy your dreams You willin to die, we'll see how many flees when I cause the scene We mean mug, Mo Thugs Trained to be perfect, disciples When it's survival tongue, never double-edged sword Triple, six rivals spittin fire This the real truth, bitch Breakin out for lies My Messiahs better be ready for Armageddeon shit's expired It's wild, bless the child The one that became a man Put in positions off in the Claire All that I had to do was stare Test me now, contender never no surrender no pretend Pick up my pen, in my hand One of my trusted friend friend, hey Open it let's see if we're real, we all suited Beg my pardon to Martin Baby we ain't marchin we shootin In daily recruitin there's a thug born Everyday in the ghetto We start em off little we give em a bottle and a pen and a pad to hit the label kick it [Krayzie] Nigga roll wit Bone up into the Thug spot To the dome wit a shot of bird Never get tossed to the curb Be feelin that urge to splurge But I'm broke as fuck son gimme that Mossberg swerve Up into my bag, cause I gotta get my mask and shells to put in this twelve gauge sawed off Get em all off, nigga yo' loss, take it all off Got a nigga car door But the Bone not Leatherface, too many are thinkin they Thugs They need the most help to pull it in doves And bitch if you stickin we buckin them guzzlers, fucked up Now let me get done with the grime Gotta go purchase a dime Put in a state to get done with the crime Smokin the reefer to ease my mind Swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks But Willie be servin em clemency Gotta buck him on down if he come back talkin like gimme back me money Thuggin with me killers, need us a leader or liquor but niggaz ain't got shit Wit a sawed off pump chrome thirty-eight pistol Now who ready to get bent Nigga like me feenin for them green leaves But I ain't had no dough Gotta make some money so I'm makin my dummy rocks if I go broke Chorus: Intro 3, Intro 2 [Layzie] Yeah, Little Lay hey comin in the form of scripture Finna get ya and hit ya wit magic Droppin down licks betta call on my gadgets With an automatics status we spray time to load the glocks But I'm thinkin not There's another he forced tellin me do what I gotta do So my otha potnah nigga die tonight And I'm always runnin from the boys in blue Biggie booms on my ass now provide the cellular phone The carphone, what's happenin Grab artillery niggaz start packin Cause a motherfucker try to get me in a jacket, and I did him Hit him right between the eyes, despise the wise Wanna test a nigga size, that'll cost him Nigga fuck around wit the wrong shit Y'all get mo murdered all day all day We done paved the way and I'm on the run I'ma call my boys and bring all the guns Y'all niggaz wanna have a little fun wit number one One, one, then it red red rum rum rum rum rum rum But it red red rum rum rum rum rum rum But it red red rum Chorus: Intro 3, Intro 2, Intro 3, Intro 2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ 112 Album: Life After Death Song: Miss U Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Biggie] (Lil 'Cease) Fam, you know wha I'm sayin? (No doubt man)  The motherfuckin shit just get me so motherfuckin mad cause you know, that was my nigga, you know, and like I had just got the nigga Puff card and shit (yeah) I knew the shit was bout to go down,  and my man was like hypin me bout everywhere we go, me and O (Pluggin it) Me and O be together And the nigga be like "Watch, I'm tellin you when my man get on, it's gonna be some shit; we ain't gonna have to sell this shit  no mo', I'm tellin you" (Aight?) And the nigga just got moked out like that man (Tch) That shit fucked me up man (That shit fucked a whole lot of niggaz up man) Yo man, I loved that nigga O too (say word) That was my motherfuckin heart  [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah, dedicatin this to my nigga O We miss you nigga Goin out to all the niggas that died in the struggle Word up, shit is real in the field You know, sparkin blunts to all you niggaz Word up [112] Each and every day The daydreams of how we used to be See your family And that baby's lookin just like you Why'd you go away I've been missin you lately Tell me what you're goin through, oh yeah Verse One: Notorious B.I.G. I remember sellin three bricks of straight flour Got my man a beat down to the third power He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour Got some fishscale, rained on competition like a shower Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead Kevin In eighty-eight, when Kane ruled, with Half Steppin A thirty-eight, a lot of mouth, was our only weapon We was king till the G's crept in And now I'm missin em Chorus: 112 Ooh, I'm missin you Tell me why the road turns, why it turns Ooh, I'm missin you Nah nah nah nah nah, oh tell me why why why why Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. We work all week, weekends we play the movies We rock flatops, our girls rocked doobies Made a killin, even though the D's knew me Eventually, you know they try to do me, fuck it Fed up, my nigga wanted to take it down South Sick of cops comin, sick of throwin jacks in his mouth Gave him half my paper, told 'em go that route Few months, he got his brain blown out Now I'm stressed His baby's mother, she trippin, blamin me And his older brothers, understand, the game it be Kinda topsy turvy; you win some, you lose some Damn, they lost a brother - they mother lost a son Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in NY? I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried I look in the sky and ask God why Can't look his baby girls in the eye Damn I miss you Chorus Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G. There was this girl around the way that make cats drool Her name's Drew, played fools out they money in pool People swore we was fuckin but we was just cool She used to hang while I slang my drugs after school She'd watch my bomb, help my moms with the groceries My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her Then she started messin with some major players Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers A dread kid, had a baby fore that bitch Taya Found out her baby's father cheatin, now Drew she gotta slay her One night, across from the corner store Taya ran around the block with a chrome four-four Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door The dude lived, what my baby had to die for We missin her Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim Album: Life After Death Song: Another Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big] Yeah... fuck you [Kim] Fuck you too! [Big] Fuck you bitch [Kim] Fuck you motherfucker [Big] You ain't shit anyway, fuck you [Kim] You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker [Big] Yeah, whatever whatever [Kim] Whatevah [Big] You wasn't sayin that when you was suckin my dick [Kim] You wasn't sayin that when you was eatin my pussy! [Kim] You a nasty motherfucker! [Big] Check it, uhh [Kim] Crab ass [Chorus One: B.I.G.] What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue? You cut that hooker off and find someone new I need another bitch (another bitch), in my life [Notorious B.I.G.] Uh-huh, uhh, uhh I know he don't treat you like I treat you Time to explain your game is see-through Sex is lethal, I ain't gon' lie Means to get ya back, I ain't gon' try Like this y'all, my girl sucked anotha nigga dick y'all Light skinned with the chromed out six y'all Thought they was creepin, took trips to V-A every third weekend While you was sleepin, he hit you on the box Sixty-nine code non-stop Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not You knew too much, the relationship grew too much You knew about the crack vials, means to be trialed Way I hid dough under the bathroom tile Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing Then things got frightening Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rothstein Guess you Ginger, huh, go figure Never thought you could be a gold digger Take my dough and spend with the next nigga Asked my man Trigga, my ace boom coon Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon Now I'm like Brandy, "Sittin in My Room" Pissy drunk listenin to Stylistic tunes Or the O'Jays, thinkin bout the old days My nigga's like, "Fuck that bitch, go play Baller, did she beep you? Don't call her Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula She was askin bout ya whereabouts Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight You'll be all fuckin night" [Chorus Two: Lil' Kim] What do ya do when your man is untrue? Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new? I need another man, in my life [Lil' Kim] Mmm, uhhh, uhhh! Member when you said you would die for me, shit All of that was just lies to me Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me Now you cry for me, like Jodeci It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all Black nasty and mad fat y'all; shoulda seen the hoe Nigga pack ya shit, tou out the do', ohh What about the fight in the Mirage? I seen ya Benz, parked outside my sister's garage Said it was ya friend Rog, bullshit I ain't gonna keep puttin up wit the bullshit And still I, never sweat these bitches who be hanged like plaques on the wall and ya pictures Scalin fishes, my love is concrete Stashin ya heat in the passenger seat of the Nautica Jeep, we've been down for so long Still a bitch like me tryin to hold on Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin Girls steady screamin, "Kim you need to leave him!" When I testified in court Couldn't think straight thinkin bout the bitches I fought over you, nigga half the shit you bought And fuck you, movin is my last resort You see nine outta ten niggaz, ain't shit One outta five niggaz suck a dick Ya mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me Choulda kept the freak bitch off my canape Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this When I sucked ya dick, it's like smokin a roach Uhh, why go from first class to coach? [Chorus One] [Chorus Two] [Chorus One] [Chorus Two] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Going Back To Cali Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone number being dialed, phone rings 3 times*} [Biggie] Yo! [P. Dad] Yo Big wake up wake up baby [Biggie] Mmm, yo... [P. Dad] Yo Big wake yo' ass up c'mon [Biggie] I'm up! I'm up. *mumbling* I'm up I'm up [P. Dad] Big, wake up! [Biggie] I'm up Diddy, what the fuck, man? What's up? [P. Dad] C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight [Biggie] Mmm, *mumbling* yeah [P. Dad] Yo Big Big, Big [Biggie] Yeah I hear you dogg, I hear you, alright, 7:30 [P. Dad] Yo take down this information [Biggie] Ain't no pen [P. Dad] Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin [Biggie] Aight honey, yeah write this down [P. Dad] Aight, ummm, flight five-oh-four [Biggie] Five-oh-four [P. Dad] Leaving Kennedy [Biggie] *mumbling* Kennedy [P. Dad] On the L-A-X [Biggie] Oh! Cali?? [P. Dad] No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper [Biggie] Ahh, no doubt, aight [P. Dad] You aight? [Biggie] I'm up, I'm up [P. Dad] Yo Big [Biggie] I'm UP man [P. Dad] Flight five-oh-four [Biggie] Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport [P. Dad] California [Biggie] Yeh {*phone clicks*} [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.] When the la-la hits ya lyrics just splits ya Head so hard, that ya hat can't fit ya Either I'm wit'cha or against ya Format venture, back through that maze I sent ya Talkin to the rap inventor Nigga wit the game tight, Bic that flame right Spell my name right, B-I, Double-G, I-E Iced out lights out, me and Cease-a-Leo Gettin head from some chick he know See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather Women, and the weed - sticky green No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft Dead up in the Hood, ain't no love lost Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up Mad cause I got my dick sucked and my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine I'ma spell my name one more time, check it Its the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O U-S, you just, lay down, slow Recognize a real Don when you see Juan/one Sippin on booze in the House of Blues [Chorus: repeat 4X] I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] If I got to choose a coast I got to choose the East I live out there, so don't go there But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West See some nice breasts in the West Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggaz is a mess Thinkin I'm gon stop, givin L.A. props All I got is beef with those that violate me I shall annihilate thee Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes Linens and things, I begin things Beeper start to flash, 818's, 213's 313's, B.I.G. Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger Spend about a week on Venice Beach Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.] Cali got gunplay, models on the runway Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance I be whippin on the freeway, the NYC way On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance Pass hash from left to right Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight Met a bitch at the Versace store Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A. Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck yo' man What's yo' plan, is it to rock the Tri-State? Almost gold, 5 G's a show date? Or do you wanna see about seven digits Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit [Chorus] - 2X [Chorus] - again to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Ten Crack Commandments Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Chuck D) "One two three four five six seven eight nine" Uhh, it's the ten crack commandments What, uhh, uhh Nigga can't tell me nothin bout this coke, uh-huh Can't tell me nothin bout this crack, this weed To my hustlin niggaz Niggaz on the corner I ain't forget you niggaz My triple beam niggaz, word up (Chuck D) "One two three four five six seven eight nine" 		"TEN" I been in this game for years, it made me a animal It's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual A step by step booklet for you to get your game on track, not your wig pushed back Rule nombre uno: never let no one know how much, dough you hold, cause you know The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially if that man fucked up, get your ass stuck up Number two: never let em know your next move Don't you know Bad Boys move in silence or violence Take it from your highness (uh-huh) I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips Number three: never trust no-bo-dy Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up Hoodie to mask up, shit, for that fast buck she be layin in the bushes to light that ass up Number four: know you heard this before Never get high, on your own supply Number five: never sell no crack where you rest at I don't care if they want a ounce, tell em bounce Number six: that god damn credit, dead it You think a crackhead payin you back, shit forget it Seven: this rule is so underrated Keep your family and business completely seperated Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch Find yourself in serious shit Number eight: never keep no weight on you Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jobs too Number nine shoulda been number one to me If you ain't gettin bags stay the fuck from police (uh-huh) If niggaz think you snitchin ain't tryin listen They be sittin in your kitchen, waitin to start hittin Number ten: a strong word called consignment Strictly for live men, not for freshmen If you ain't got the clientele say hell no Cause they gon want they money rain sleet hail snow Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up If not, twenty-four years, on the wake up Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up Caretaker did your makeup, when you pass Your girl fucked my man Jake up, heard in three weeks she sniffed a whole half of cake up Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up Gotta go gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up, uhh Crack king, Frank Blizzard Uhh (Chuck D) "One two three four five six seven eight nine" 		"Ten" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Playa Hater Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Good evening And for my last hit I'd like to take you back to the classic A-hem, B.I.G. style of course Uhh *singing* Playaahh, turn your head round Lay on the ground, you've been robbed Wake up, open the door Lay on the floor, you've been robbed Uhh You know, we need this money And you, yes baby, you, should just roll with me Let's go off, together On this robbin spree, we'll make money Uhh Playaahh, turn your head round Take off that crown, you've been robbed Wake up, open the door Don't cry no more, you've been robbed 	You see, there are two kind of people in the world today 	We have, the playaz, and we have, the playa haters 	Please don't hate me because I'm beautiful baby 		Hear what they talk, about me 		But my crew so deep, you can't do, a damn thing, to me Playahh, open the door Lay on the floor, you've been robbed Wake up (wake your ass up), take off your jewels You fuckin fools, you've been robbed (this is a robbery nigga) Playahh playahh (hater), Playahh playahh (hater) Playahh playahh (hater), Playahh playahh (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater) Playahh hater!! (hater) Uhh, thank you... thank you very much *applause* Thank you thank you far too kind, far too kind Thank you, thank you very much Good night everybody, good night! I love all of you, thank you thank you Thank you, thank you very much Good night! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Nasty Boy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G. conversating with someone] Yeahh, worrd I remember I met this one bitch Cause you know me I don't see how I'm the nasty motherfucker I just thought I thought I'da did anything in the world (yeh?) I meets this one bitch, I comes up in the spot, or whatever The bitch got the candles lit or whatever, so She tell me whatever she wanna get her freak on whatever So I'm like WHASSUP whatchu wanna yaknahmsayin I'm read to wear it out or whatever (kssss) The bitch told me she wanted me to shit on her! (*laughing*) Ya know shit I was like whatchu mean shit? I mean I might shit on you after I, hit it I won't call you no more Shit on you like that (*more laughing*) She talkin about no she want me to cock over her And shit, on her stomach! (*laughing through his teeth*) I said bitch what the, what the fuck?? What the fuck I'm sposed to do after I after I shit on her I'm sposed to hit that after that? She's just wilding out so after I shits on the bitch right (*both start laughing*) Ya know I shit, after I shits on the bitch The bitch, ya know, washed that shit off or whatever (Ohhh shit!) [Puff Daddy] Come on, yeah (repeat 10X) [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, I go, on and on and on and then take her to the crib and let your bone in Easy, call em on the phone and platinum Chanel cologne and I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect if they watch TV in the Lex, they know They know, quarter past fo' Left the club tipsy, say no mo' except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O., uhh Back of my mind I hope she swallow (uh-huh) Man She split a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state "You know what you do to me" She starts, "Well but I don't usually" then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt Step out, show me what you all about Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South, aoowww Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I screw Jeans skirt butt-naked it all work [Notorious B.I.G.] I remember we, went to Tennessee Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone Bitch named Symone Screamin, she feenin, for the semen Me bein, the man that I am Took it to her condo, pronto Half indian, I called her Tonto Roll the chron'chron' in the dark pronto Few puffs, eyes got low and off to the bedroom we go (*mmmmmm*) Sex is drama, head to trauma Rip pajamas, I'ma stay 'til tomorrow Satisfyin all my needs twice With the whipped cream, handcuffs and ice The bitch is nice, word is bond Can't wait to put my niggaz on, what, what? [Notorious B.I.G.] Ladies, my Mercedes Hold fo' in the back, two if it's fat Keep a gat, cause cats, try to test me They just fans like DeNiro, Wesley Let's see, the bitch I'm waitin on Gaudier jeans look like they painted on Ask thee, leave it up to me Lay her on back ever so gently She like the way the dope fold up, Rolls roll up Cristal just throw up, bitch grow up Hold up, there's DeGenero Dripped out, iceberg Capero Intro goes without speaking Call me Caese cause I keep em, we can go freakin all weekend, so, roll in Ain't it good that my Lex keeps foldin? Uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ 112 Album: Life After Death Song: Sky's the Limit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Good evenin ladies and gentlemen How's everybody doin tonite? I'd like to welcome to the stage, the lyrically acclaimed, ha I like this young man, because, when he came out he came out wit the phrase, he went from ashy to classy Ha, I like that So everybody in the house, give a warm, round of applause for The Notorious B.I.G. *clapping* The Notorious B.I.G. ladies and gentlemen give it up for him ya'll Uhhh A nigga never been as broke as me, I like that When I was young I had two pair of Lees, besides that The pin stripes and the gray (uh-huh) The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays While niggas flirt, I'm sewing tigers on my shirt and alligators Ya wanna see the inside, huh, I see ya later Here come the drama, oh, that's that nigga wit the fake, blaow! Why you punch me in my face, stay in ya place Play ya position, here come my intuition Go in this nigga pocket Rob him while his friends watchin That hoes clockin, here comes respect His crew's your crew, or they might be next Look at they man eye, BIG man they never try So we roll wid em, stole wid em I mean loyalty, niggaz bought me milks at lunch The milks was chocolate, the cookies, buttercrunch In gear - Oshkosh with blue and white ducks Pass the blunt [112] Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, pressin what you want Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want [Notorious B.I.G.] Uh-huh, I was a shame, my crew was lame I have enough heart for most of em Long as I got stuff from most of em It's on, even when I was wrong I got my point across They depicted me the boss, of course My orange box-cutter make the world go round Plus I'm fuckin, bitches ain't my homegirls now Start stackin, dabbled in crack, gun packin Nickname Medina, make the seniors tote my ninas From gym class, to Englass, pass off a global The only nigga wit a mobile, Can't You See like Total Gettin larger in waist and taste Ain't no tellin where this felon is headin, just in case Keep a shell at the tip of ya melon, clear da space Ya brain was a terrible thing ta waste Eighty-eight long gates, snatch initial name plates Smokin spliffs wit niggaz, real life beginner killers Prayin God forgive us for being sinners, help us out [112] Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, pressin what you want Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, be what you want, have what you want, be what you want [Notorious B.I.G.] After realizin, to master enterprisin I ain't have ta be in school by ten, I was in Began to encounter, wit my counter-parts On how ta burn the block apart, break it down into section Drugs by the selection Some use pipes, others use in-jec-tions Syringe sold seperately, Frank the deputy Quick to grab my Smith-n-Wessun, like my dick was missin To protect my position, my corner, my layer While we out here, say the hustlas prayer If the game shakes me or breaks me I hope it makes me a better man Take a better stand Put money in my moms hand Get my daughter this college plan, so she don't need no man Stay far from timid Only make moves when ya heart's in it And live the phrase Sky's The Limit Motherfucker... see you chumps on top [112] Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, be what you want Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, pressin what you want Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, be what you want Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, be what you want ... Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on Just keep on pressin on Sky is the limit and you know that you can have what you want, be what you want... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy, Too $hort Album: Life After Death Song: The World is Filled... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Make it hot" - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X) 		The world is filled, with pimps and hoes 		We'll just talk about those I knows 		The world is mine, can't you see 		I'm just trying to be all I can be 		Ohhahhoahh, yeah Verse One: Puff Daddy Now first come the cash, then come the ass Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash When I score with a whore she be game for sure Pimp so hard, a nigga drag his mink on the floor Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk because I live it Any chick fuckin with me, believe me that's a privelege I won't be satisfied, till all my niggaz get it See you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it And Big be that nigga we be flyin through your hood And hoodrats scopin with they eyes on my goods See we date em like we hate em, see em like we don't need em Treat em like we meet em, and never give up freedom And we only give our number to selected few And it's best that you, never knew, what good head'll do Turn a freak to a bisexual and if she's flexible fuck the nigga next to you "Make it hot" - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in the background)     The world is filled, with pimps and hoes     But we'll just talk about those I knows     The world is mine, can't you see     I'm just trying to be all I can be     Ohhahhoahh, yeah Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. When the Remi's in the system, ain't no tellin Will I fuck em will I diss em, that's what these hoes yellin I'm a pimp by blood, not relation Y'all still chase on, I'll replace on, punks Drunk of Dom, silk and gators Spittin words makin birds till they flock see you later Whether, drunk or high, skunk or thai Nigga play against some playa shit, slugs gon fly Ain't no lie, pimped out, the SSI Nigga don't ask why, just respect it She bought me the necklace, the bracelet The Benz-o, she laced it Crib-o, got it, interior decorated Now my popularity grew, in each state Now I got two in each state Used to drink brew and eat steak Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates "Make it hot" - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in background)     The world is filled, with pimps and hoes     But we'll just talk about those I knows     The world is mine, can't you see     I'm just trying to be all I can be     Ohhahhoahh, yeah Verse Three: Too $hort I had a whole lotta bitches in my lifetime I been blessed with the game always say the right lines Had a few prostitues and if you knew the truth They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch man She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin a rich man Now here you come, drop top ridin You ain't no pimp fake nigga stop lyin Pussy makes money, stick to the business Think about the real motherfuckers that live it Street life, pimp shit, make the hoe respect the game You bought her diamonds and cars, trick that's a shame Say what you want, but I still figured She left you cause you couldn't be, like them real niggaz She was a hustler by nature, and you was just faker than the average symps, found a badder pimp Too $hort Crazy ass man I never woulda bought that bitch all them cars  and all that shit you bought that hoe man After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe! Man I'm thirty years old nigga And that bitch was hoein when I was in 9th grades and shit Think about that, she been around then right? Shit... you just a rest haven for hoes man Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen Bitch only fuckin witchu cause you had a good ass job, nigga nerd Treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her Stupid ass nigga She ain't nuttin but a hoe! Bet you fell in love with her man! You can't turn a hoe into a housewife fool Everytime you turn your back that bitch is fuckin with dem gangstas Eastside Westside these are my potnahs Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin bout nigga I tell you about some real pimps and hoes Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man, yeah I know a few Shit, beyotch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ DMC Album: Life After Death Song: My Downfall Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash *phone rings* *phone rings* [B.I.G.] Yo *heavy breathing* [B.I.G.] Sup hello? *heavy breathing* [B.I.G.] Faith? Motherfucker *click* *phone rings* [B.I.G.] Yo Kill you motherfucker (voice speaking to Biggie whispers throughout) [B.I.G.] Hello? Kill you motherfucker [B.I.G.] *sarcastically* WORD? I'm gonna get you motherfucker you better watch your motherfuckin back That's my word nigga [B.I.G.] Get the fuck outta here Better watch your motherfuckin abck [B.I.G.] Watch my back? WORD? I'm gonna get Biggie, I'm gonna kill Biggie [B.I.G.] You soft dude, you soft Fuck all you niggaz, you all ain't SHIT Watch your motherfuckin back [B.I.G.] Eat a dick *click* 	Jealousy's a motherfucker, you weak jealous motherfuckers! 	If you a jealous motherfucker, you just a weak motherfucker! 	See when you on top, motherfuckers just wanna bring you down! 	Motherfuckers don't even know you, and they don't like you... [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, I dreams filthy My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey Huh, what a set up Shoulda pushed em dead off, wipe the sweat off Uhh, cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot Giving cats the opposite of diets You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me Shit, I need the company (uh-huh) Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest Silencers so you can't hear it Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still [DMC] That's not all, MC's have the gall To pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall [Notorious B.I.G.] This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and be Mor-gan than Freeman I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces Fuck the screwfaces, cause when I flip I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me My crew be unruly (what) To old school cats that call gats toolies Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley Me and Sean Combs takin broads home On the phone with the chip, these Cristal chicks bout to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit [DMC] (background singers: "They pray.." 8X throughout) That's not all, MC's have the gall To pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall That's not all, MC's have the gall To pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall [Notorious B.I.G.] We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds Niggaz want my team to stop shinin Pray my fame start declinin Whinin like girlies We been around the world twice, all we got is mo' ice and mo' nice, sacrifice your heart Lexus with the automatic start (what) Fifty shots'll tear your club apart Eatin shrimp A la Carte, with some bitches from Brussels Eatin clams or mussels Uhh, out the puss (what) pretty face no waist I just want the bush, so I can mack you Give her a package to push, cause I work dem hoes Pendejo's, I show you how to play them hoes 	(background singers: "They pray.." 4X throughout) Can you just visualize it Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet so I can sleep safe, not too many keep a mill' in the briefcase Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait [DMC] (background singers: "They pray.." 4X throughout) That's not all, MC's have the gall To pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall 	Y'all motherfuckers live off of negativity 	What y'all niggaz need to get through your motherfuckin heads 	Is that, y'all fuckin with some niggaz that's on a higher 	motherfuckin level -- we don't give a fuck 	About what you think about less how you feel about us 	What you got to say about us 	We gon keep doin our motherfuckin thing 	From now till the year three thousand bitches! 	You can't breathe, you can't sleep, you can't eat 	without thinkin about us! 	And without thinkin about us on your mind 	we gon' haunt your asses motherfuckers! [DMC] (background singers: "They pray.." 4X throughout) That's not all, MC's have the gall To pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall Pray and pray for my downfall (background singers: "They pray.." to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy Album: Life After Death Song: Long Kiss Goodnight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Mmmmmmmmm-HMM See.. {*echoes*} I told you.. {*echoes*} [Puff]	See, I told y'all muh'fuckers [Big]	Yo yo.. that stupid nigga man [Puff]	I told y'all to stop! [Big]	He fucked up, yo.. [Puff]	I pray for you to stop [Big]	Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. yo.. yo.. 	Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. [Puff]	But no, you didn't stop [Big]	Yo.. yo.. [Puff]	And now, we won't stop Chorus: sung by Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X) Time, time for you to die As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight [Notorious B.I.G.] I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese When I release, you loose teeth like Lil' Cease Nigga please, blood floods yo' Dungarees And that's just the half on my warpath Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater than the average playa hater, and spectators buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low doe" Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes Short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be til Lil' Cease crippled me Now I play hard, like my girls nipples be The game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin bout all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through Now the year's new, I lay my game flat I want my spot back, take two Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggaz envious Too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha) Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin Catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin I laced it wit the basic, six TV's a system Knockin Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up Wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, LONG KISS Chorus 2X {Puff Daddy - speaking over chorus} Now.. we don't give a fuck.. We just absolutely.. don't give a fuck.. Because.. there ain't no motherfuckin love here.. There ain't no love here.. You know, we.. we just gon' keep doin what we do We gon' keep FUCKIN YOU UP.. And I'ma keep stompin your MOTHERFUCKIN HEAD IN you FUCKIN BITCH, c'mon!! {last line overlaps Biggie's next verse} [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. I'm flamin gats, aimin at, these fuckin maniacs, put my name in raps, what part the game is that? Like they hustle backwards I smoke Blackwoods and Dutchies, ya can't touch me Try to rush me, slugs go, touchy-touchy You're bleedin lovely, wit'chyo, spirit above me or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky Now you rest eternally, sleepy, you burn when you creep me Rest where the worms and the weak be My nine flies, baptize, rap guys With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most You hold your toast shaky, slippin tryin to break me Look what you made me do, brains blew My team in the marine-blue, six Coupe Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin out -- the block for distances, givin long kisses BITCH Chorus 2X {Puff Daddy - speaking over chorus} All we have to do now.. is say a prayer for you.. y'know? That's all we have to do, just to pray for your mind.. cause.. Eheh, see your mind got control of your heart.. when it's supposed to be the other way around Your heart's supposed to got control of your mind.. So now, I have no feelings for you You have made me cold.. {last line overlaps Biggie's next verse} [Notorious B.I.G.] Frank White the menacin, Chron Chron's the medicine I got the lettuce and, you turn green like cucumber skin Got the new, Hummer in the summer when I was a new comer then, drugs and mac-10's Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you Be broke -- girls won't date you That's why I relate to, choke yo' ass out til your face blue Make you, open the safe too No matter how you call it (how you call it) this brolic, alcoholic .. {*Biggie's chorus fades in*} like his weed green'd out, like his brick solid Distribute to, kids who, take heart like Valentine Drink Ballentine, all the time Slugs hit your chest tap you spine, flatline Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked fo' times Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real doe Sling steal slow, as for remorse, we feel no Chorus 3X {Puff Daddy - speaking over chorus} See the fucked up thing is that I love you.. yaknahmsayin? It's just in my nature to love you.. I can't hate you.. cause it's not in my nature to hate you.. You know, I don't know.. Maybe.. I'm a different type of individual.. But.. you have me on the line.. and there's a thin line between love and hate And God forbid I cross that line.. Cause y'all not gonna give a fuck I'm tellin you right, MOTHERFUCKIN, NOW!! THE SHIT, Y'ALL DONE STARTED, IS NEVER GONNA STOP!!! WE ARE NEVER GONNA STOP!!! And we not talkin bout.. no other rappers.. We talkin bout YOU motherfucker YOU KNOW, who I'm talkin to.. We comin for you.. We comin for you.. ehehehehheh The shit's gon' feel so good.. I'm gon' make you love me baby {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: You're Nobody (Til Somebody Kills You) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I will fear no evil -- for you are with me Your rod and your staff, they comfort me You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies You annoint my head with oil, my cup overflows Surely goodness and love will follow me -- all the days of my life And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever [Notorious B.I.G.] Niggaz in my faction don't like askin questions Strictly gun testin, coke measurin Givin pleasure in the Benz-ito Hittin fanny, spendin chips at Manny's Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease MWA, may you rest in peace With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours Four-four, and fifty-four draw as my pilot, steers my Leer, yes my dear Shit's official, only, the Feds I fear Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot cryin The kids, the dog, everybody dyin, no lyin So don't you get suspicious I'm Big Dangerous you're just a Lil Vicious As I leave my competition, respirator style Climb the ladder to success escalator style Hold y'all breath, I told y'all -- death controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh I spit phrases that'll thrill you You're nobody til somebody kills you   *chorus*   You're nobody, til somebody, kills you   (I don't wanna die, God tell me why)   You're nobody, til somebody, kills you   (I don't wanna die, God tell me why) Uhh, uhh Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino Ask Nino, he know Green with envy, the green tempts me to make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty live happily, ever after in laughter Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead Three of mine dead, nuttin left to do but tear they ass to shreds, leave em in bloodshed Incidents like this I take trips Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh) Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore Told me meet em in the future later, they'll take me shoppin buy me lavender and fuschia Gators Introduce me to playa haters and heavy weighters Rich bitch shit, drinkin Cristal til they piss the shit, uhh Thorough bitches, adapt to any borough bitches Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me Reminesce on dead friends too You're nobody til somebody kills you *chorus* 2X Uhh, uhh You can be the shit, flash the fattest five (that's right) Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit You ain't worth spit, just a memory Remember he, used to push the champagne Range (I remember that) Silly cat, all suede in the rain Swear he put the G in Game, had the Gucci frame before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane I can't recall his name (what was his name?) you mean that kid that nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine? Gettin his dick sucked by Crackhead Lorraine A fuckin shame, duke's a lame, what's his name? Darkskin Jermaine, see what I mean? *chorus* 2X (fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Notorious B.I.G. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Yo, check it Call Lil' Cease Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital man fuck that Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez and go take about like twenty G's from Gino Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe) Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick (Bad Boy Big, c'mon) The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery but the nurses is lovin me Sayin the best part of the day is my half Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath Niggaz say I died dead in the streets Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach Chillin, sittin on about half a million With all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women Next two years, I should see about a billion All for the love of drug dealin Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them) Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right) All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes Raw flows, and that's how it goes [Puff Daddy] 	NOTORIOUS! C'mon.. we are, we are 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is.. he is.. 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! This for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin That shit with the V-trim that win and the enormous fields disperse of rap On the road to the riches more furs to drag More niggaz to kill, than birds to bag Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?" Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal Niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right) Funny how quick these pricks forget Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right) It's all good, you know who the clone is Fuck the Joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the Combses [Puff Daddy] C'mon y'all.. 	NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. (what's his name) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! [Lil' Kim] Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim? The Notorious K-I to the M That's me, on MTV, no doubt Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck! Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone Things done changed, but we continue to reign as the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I. Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos We takin over like Francis Switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor! [Puff Daddy] She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah 	NOTORIOUS! 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are ..  Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. Bad Boy 2000 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..) and he won't stop 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Eminem Album: Born Again Song: Dead Wrong (Remix) * Typed by: iKoN@cyber-wizard.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * the original version on promo 12" does not feature Eminem [Puff]	Bad Boy baby [Big]	Yeah.. yeah.. 	Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah.. [Puff]	Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000 	B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon.. Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong [Notorious B.I.G.] Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face; take her Gucci bag and the North Face  off her back, jab her if she act funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors" Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho Swift fist like Camacho, I got so much style I should be down wit the Stylistics Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia She don't remember shit! Just the two hits! Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits! Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around" Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G" Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong) Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) [Notorious B.I.G.] When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G Disrespect me - my potency is deadly I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy Slit the wrist of little sis After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick because he wanted me to fuck him from the back but Smalls don't get down like that Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound Who you think you're dealin with? Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it! Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen The black demon, got the little hookers screamin Because you know I love it young, fresh and green with no hair in between, know what I mean? Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) [Puff]	Ladies and gentlemen.. [Eminem] There's several different levels to Devil worshippin: horse's heads, human sacrifices, canibalism; candles and exorcism Animals havin sex with 'em; camels mammals and rabbits But I don't get into that, I kick the habit - I just, beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh And I never eat you unless the fuckin, meat looks fresh I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin, I got a nine in my pocket and baby I'm just, dyin to cock him He's ready for war, I'm ready for war I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw My uz' as, heavy as yours, yeah you met me before I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before Marshall will step in the door, I lay your head on the floor With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall red on the ceilin, red on the floor, get a new whore Met on the second, wet on the third; then she's dead on the fourth - I'm dead wrong Chorus 2X + "I don't care what nobody say" sample (4X at start) Chorus repeats to fade.. [Puff Daddy] Uh-huh, and we won't stop, because we can't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ Big Tymers, Hot Boys Album: Born Again Song: Hope You Niggas Sleep Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com [Biggie] Check the pain I inflict, like a convict, the Fulton digger Jump in the Acura Vigor, after I stick ya Rip ya like a razor, straight up Henny with no chaser Watch me erase ya, misplace ya Put you in the back with the derelicts Yeah, I pop plenty shit Chump, I'm making hits No time for the crack rock and shit Took it to another level Now I'm getting crazy papes, getting paid from the devils Another amateur trying to damage the pedigree Of the B-I-G-G-I-E, you know it's me Hoes I thought you know I'm smooth as a babies ass Smooth as Teeddy Pendegrass, smoke the grass, get in your ass The Brooklyn born Teflon don, wrecking shop Getting props, proving nobody drops Words as potent as the blunt smoking Bed-Stuy bandit And niggas just can't understand it I bust a cap for the brothers in Nap Nap, Comstock, and Clinton You know my shit is hitting Yeah ya'll a fly nigga, Biggie Smalls Kicking flavor, make a nigga wanna dig up in they drawers For the burner, catch a body I got styles like karate Jujitsu, when I hit you then I split you Like a cantaloupe Hope you got a rope to hang yourself I rob for self, from Brooklyn, where else Fat like a Lexus coupe, I'll rip your troop Not even Lois Lnae could get the scoop What you think I'm stupid My crew is mad deep I hope you niggas sleep [B.G.] I throw a bomb through you window Burn you up and your hoe I catch your mama going to therapy And cut her throat You lil' sister walking home from school I abduct her, then I fuck her I hit ya park close up with the Louisville Slugger BGeezy is the hustla, ignorant motherfucker I was taught how to bust heads by the best head busters Cluckers, you know I got'em 2 for 1 my nigga I'm on V.L. if you want me, get some my nigga, come on [Big Tymer] Thuggin is my thing, if I'm beefing I'm banginhg Slanging, it's in my nature, gotta be about my paper Haters, I don't like'em, bitches, I don't trust'em Niggas, I can't stand'em, I creep down and pluck'em Strap say in my hand, I gotta protect mine Niggas trying to pull it off, pop goes the nine That's how it gotta be in these uptown streets And a nigga like me, I play the game for keep [Juvenile] I remember when niggaz slang heroin up in balloons I paid attention to everything , from killings to cartoons Got a picture of Malcolm X on the wall in my room Bitch on some ol' nigga fuck wit me I'ma do 'em shit Nigga give me dope, I accept it, but don't respect him Put my foot in they rectum right after I dome check 'em I be popping D, smoking weed, and full of that Hennesey Fresh off the streets on my way to the penitentiary Everybody whisper in ears when they gone mention me I been out doing it for years, since elementary Real good relationship with guns and drugs Because my whole neighborhood consist of crook and thugs Everything is my own shit cause I don't fuck with scrubs I don't need you harassing me when I'm up in the club Trying to hustle a nigga, asking me for a dub Quarter, ki's, and halfs is what I sling, cause that's what I love [Turk] I know you bitches know that I ain't to be played with Dont have no picks and chooses who get they head split They die quick, fuckin' with Turk, wodie get whacked Spend a bin with Kevin and Randy leave ya flat on you back and trust that, ain't bout to let no nigga steal me Fuck that, I bust back with 223 Big and full of that raw with no cut and be ready to creep Innocent people move 'cause somebody fix'n to get split [Lil' Wayne] Na, Na, it's iceberg shorty, Lordy have mercy Come from under my shirts and flip'em and reverse'em I'm coming so alert them (Ur, Ur) fore I hurt them, desert eagle bursting You haven't seen the worst and I'm right near you and my gun blast quick, dog Could kill you so run, dash, get gone Wodies movin slow around this time they got bricks dog I ain't got bricks dog, nigga break it off, what [Puff Daddy] Un huh, B.I.G. with the Cash Money Millionaires, forever Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Baby, Turk, B.G., Manny Fresh Slim, CEO, and me P. Diddy, B.I.G, Born Again And we won't stop, get money niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Busta Rhymes, Mark Curry, Snoop Dogg Album: Born Again Song: Dangerous MC's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah, ninety-six, for my Nordstrom Ave niggaz My Fulton Street niggaz (hardcore for ninety-six) Dangerous MC's.. Uhh (check it out) uhh Diamonds on my neck, chrome drop-top Chillin on the scene, smokin pounds of green Oooh-wee, you see, the ugliest Money-hungriest, Brooklyn Loch Ness Nine millimeter cock test, wan fi' test? And the winner is.. [Busta Rhymes] Y'all niggaz know the rules I blast on niggaz so -- [Notorious B.I.G.] -- my fist never bruise Land-still-cruise, Frank White paid his dues Ask who's the raw, bet they say Poppa very Look forward to me like commissary All of a sudden, now every-body Big Willie Done did it, come widdit, get yo' head splitted or get your neck slitted, admit it, you overdid it Your shit it, just ain't got that LOUD Gold tooth shine like TA-DOW! Biggie Smalls the illest and how, frays raise your eyebrow By now you figure, he talkin bout that nigga but your weak-ass assumptions, lead led to dumpin IV to pump-in, you're feeling something Catch my drift, or catch my four-fifth lift at least six inches, above project fences Turn meat to minces, jokes turn to flinches When I rain I drenches, cleared your park benches (HAH) Missed you by pinches (HOO) your talk is senseless (RRUFF) Actor needs chiropractor (HAH, HOO) for cracked jaw Yes I rocked your cheddar box (hah) Dangerous you're not I gets down (HOO) Twist your body {*singing*} round and round, upside down Chorus: Busta Rhymes C'mon, yo, throw your hands c'mon Bitch grab your tits c'mon Let me know you in the spot Bump your fists, c'mon Thugs tote yo' shit we bout to get mo' rich, c'mon Let's blow the club, c'mon Fuck the place up, c'mon Shake yo' nasty ass and make it swing all around, c'mon Yo, make this money throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon Bounce in your whips, c'mon Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon Dangerous MC's My nigga this be the shit, c'mon Dangerous MC's My nigga this be the shit, c'mon [Mark Curry] Uh-huh, make money hand over fist The bo-vines roam where chickenhearts don't exist Settin up shop, it's hands on in the hustle Fakes don't kill nuttin but time and don't tussle The process of elimination, fresh rotation come and go and they death be starvation In the heat of battle it's no rest for the weary Snooze and you lose is the theory The theory of a patient man, is wild beyond belief Be afraid, you don't want beef with us chief Your talk is cheap and the supply meets demand Everything you can imagine is real man and revenge be the dish I serve to cats cold Stay up on about ten folds, you know how it goes You know the streets and it's real as shit, c'mon Niggaz grab your dicks, c'mon Bitches rub your tits, c'mon Chorus (minus last two lines) [Snoop Dogg] Awww nah, big Snoop Dogg Slap you with my paw, all across your jaw Break fool on these bitches while I'm breakin the law You come up in my room look bitch you takin it off Follow me, I slip em slide em rip em ride em provide em with that West coast G shit, L.B.C. shit We dips to this, make chips to this and buy brand new whips and shit, uh-huh (beyotch) I bet you didn't know that yo' bitch was suckin dick (say what?) Who you think she fuckin with? (what?) Look here My, Eastside lifestyle is way foul, move the crowd Point a pistol at you bitch niggas, BLA-DOW .. How you like me now? (what what, what?) You got stuck and fucked, Doggystyle 100 spokes Day-tonas, bendin the corner all up in Crooklyn, bad bitches are lookin Chorus (minus last two lines) [Busta Rhymes] So you lovin us so much this shit is bleedin through you If I worked in a resteraunt I'd shit in the food and feed it to you Most of my niggaz cuckoo, easy to gas to shoot you Even all of them Haitian niggaz won't believe this voodoo Can yo' pussy be chaka, don't let me speak in pat-ois and kick you in your face like we playin a game of soc-cer I love to cock the glock-a, stack up on loot and vod-ka And fuck your crew because all of y'all niggaz full of ca-ca The way we doin damage tell me how the FUCK you manage with my niggaz who marinate on foul thoughts and think savage Them niggaz'll throw you in a manhole and push they hand in yo' ass and pull yo' head right out yo' asshole! Parkay nigga we rugged all day nigga You ready to fuck bitch? Fuck the foreplay nigga This me for all consumers, my nigga FUCK the rumors Three in the worst way of pure coke for all you DRUG ABUSERS Chorus (minus last two lines) Chorus (fades out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: Born Again Song: Biggie Typed By: nathantedder@hotmail.com [Lil' Cease] Queen Bee, and Notorious B.I.G. nigga The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it The best that ever lived it Cocksuckers, What's his name, huh? That's how we do it ya'll To all my niggaz in the house Bad Boy, Who we die for All day, everyday nigga [Verse 1] For the love of BIG, we bang out Since my man died, we don't hang out We blow brains out, we tear the club up pullin things out Mafia World, all my niggaz max out We Bad Boys, why ya'll niggaz cracked out Coward niggaz, most are burried down south Far from gangstas, really hush puppies Niggaz bearly speak when we discuss money Niggaz stay yappin when there's always somethin funny The realest niggaz never took nuthin from me Rock ice, stay jig, fuck with niggaz that got drunk, and hate kids Got niggaz on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix A yo, Biggie taught me well, Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel Chorus: Lil' Cease & Notorious B.I.G. [Lil' Cease] To all my thugs who puffed him To all my girls who hugged him You love him, yell his name.. I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for.. Mafia [Notorious B.I.G.] Representin Bucktown Mack 11's cocked back, niggaz better duck down Face down, you know the routine, the cream Earings, you know the drama Biggie bring [Verse 2] For BIG I learn to grip aim and cock it Once I got it, I lock it Banger, big city boy with deep pockets See me speak, that paper better be the topic I like my ice frozen like the Antartic I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it And with the flashy colors on, you just a target, Waitin for a hard hit I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams We big boys, we do big things, born in this county of kings I ain't got shit, I spread things, take things Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring My nigga ill's holdin it down for the beam Like BIG said, we do the real things, we still bubble and steal chains Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain Still ride, still die for BIG's name (chorus) [Verse 3] For BIG I grip the cig, put six in your wig Not cause of what he said, cause of what he did When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised and thats the way it is for.. We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera Do jokes with police scanners, niggaz mediocre, full of dirt like hampers I roll with a bunch of niggaz that wear bandanas and rep... We kept it thurough, from the heart ripped the barrel B.K. style, see BIG howl, now Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia world Niggaz nuthin but squirels, they know we rep... Niggaz tryin to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut Wood style roll'em up, get plucked, nigga what Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths Know my gat and bust for my nigga... (chorus) [Lil' Kim] Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z Make you drop to your knees, barly able to breathe My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn One for Mafia so take that, Uh, and this one's for... You know Frank kept me iced out Mink dragon, seven figures in my bank account All that material shit, ya'll still tryin to get it Uh, you fuckin pricks, get off his dick tryin to be like... All ya'll lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E Ya'll niggaz can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma Who you love... for the Y2G, the two ten We got it sewn, we don't need ya'll help, we hold our own Cause this goes out to cats not tryin to give it up BIG missin us, shout him out... (chorus) (chorus into fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Born Again Song: Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. To all my Brooklyn	"Niggas!! (Niggas!!)" To all my Uptown	"Niggas!! (Niggas!!)" To all my Bronx		"Niggas!! (Niggas!!)" To all my Queensbridge	"Niggas!! (Niggas!!)" 	"Nigga nigga nigga.." [Notorious B.I.G.] Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick and kicks it quick, you know how black niggaz get with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's Hittin buckshots at niggaz that open spots on the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos Flash the roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks Just in case a nigga wanna act out I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out That's a real nigga for ya Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths just in case dread wanna riff He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried That's a real nigga for ya Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer Spit at the D.A., cause fuck what she say She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway Up North found first stop for the town of Fishkill, where the hand skills are real ill You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover Ha hahhh, yo G, pass the buddha Chorus 2X [Notorious B.I.G.] Money hoes and clothes Blunt smoke comin out the nose, is all a nigga knows Flippin on foes, puttin tags on toes Watchin the stash grow, clockin the cashflow The neighborhood gravedigga Gettin paid so much, all the bitches wanna see a nigga I guess they figure I'm paid, I wanna get laid or since I got loot I wanna knock boots I'd rather beat my dick than trick and if she don't suck then we don't fuck I'd rather make a buck, drive a fat-ass truck Grab the 9, two clips, and run amuck Yes, flex at the two or three Benzes I wreck shit, what the fuck you expected? A fly guy? Well fuck it, I'm the high guy from Bed-Stuy, puttin the swellin on your eye and your nose even, when I choke ya you stop breathin And when Jake come, I'm leavin! Chorus 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Too $hort Album: Born Again Song: Big Booty Hoes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Too $hort] Beeotch! Talk about these hoes Big.. [Notorious B.I.G.] I got a bitch that suck my dick til I nut Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up Ain't that a slut (HELL YEA) she even take it in the butt Fuck for bout a hour, now she want a golden shower You didn't know that we be pissin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH) Luke and Biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH) Lick your toes, bitch? (BEOTCH) Fuck no, you must be crazy Squirt in your face and then I'm Swayze (bitch) Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya After Big Poppa, fuck ALL of Junior M.A.F.I.A. The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked Leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way With the flyest bitch gettin head on the highway (ridin) My way deep throat on Luke's boat When the moon rises, I'm cumin in her eyes-es (do it) Just the way players play Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day (yeah) Sucked all day, smokin blunts, countin cheese Fucking bitches til they assholes bleed What you say ba-by Chorus: Too $hort, Biggie (repeat 2X) [$hort]	All I want is hoes, big booty hoes [B.I.G]	Check it out, here's another one [$hort]	All I want is hoes, big booty hoes 	"Don't take em to the crib unless they bonin" [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. uhh.. Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to barmitzvah's The dick don't fit, use your lips cause.. (use em) I'm feelin kinda itchy for a quickie Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door bitch Cause I don't love you no more Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me You know me, I like my dick Brown like Bobby Jim Duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes I like em cute, round tits and fat asses Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night The bitch drink nuts by the pint [Too $hort] Drink it bitch! All of these hoes do that shit Chorus [Too $hort] It's after midnight, it's time to come up Fuckin with some sluts tryin to bust a nut I ain't seen this many hoes in a long time I wanna make em all mine (get down hoe) but it's gettin kinda late, and I cain't wait Bitch fuck a first date I pulled out my dick, she called me rude.. .. but then she ate it like food (tramp) Then she noticed the limp and the whip Recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp Throw all that trick shit, out the window You come up short tryin to doubt the pimp hoe Too $hort baby, straight from Oakland Hoe money is my fix and I can't be broken Freak bitches all on my dick We on some Brooklyn - Oakland, California shit (beotch!) Chorus [Too $hort] You knew I was a dog when you met me bitch (BITCH) Ha ha, fo' sho' (YEAHH) Tell you anything you wanna hear right about now To the spot, that's where we goin baby See we goin to the spot Do our thang like we always do You ain't know? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Would You Die For Me Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com [Notorious B.I.G.] Venue after venue, I've been through Coming to the telly, so I can bend you Send you to the store, condoms and more Jealous females, call you sluts and whores Could it be my hardcore metaphor Make sweat pour on the bedroom floor Open up the Lex door Jump on in, I'm kind of tired I'm a roll blunts while you spin You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin Splurging, Dom P., Ro-se Much foreplay, that's my forte Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death She looking for a man, honey he just left Violate me, he get beat to death Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left Grand Marnier increase the don strength Two four-fifths within my arms length With a calm breath I say we gots to float Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen And you mean too, eyes greenish blue Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu Beautiful, that's how the night goes Get out them tight clothes Get in some night clothes I invite those girls that smoke lye Keep it real with you You keep it real with I We be tight like frog's ass Have you screaming "Biggie, Biggie give me one more chance" [Puff Daddy] Would you ride with me? (Yeah) Would you lie for me? (That's right) Would you get high with me? (For sure) Would you die for me? (No doubt) (Repeat) [Lil' Kim] These hoes don't treat you like I treat you Like my contacts, I can see right through Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue? Queen Bitch means number one and two Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one Y'all know where I'm from Bucktown, lay your ass down You don't wanna play around (with me) Probably just mad because Frank chose me A fly cu-tie, you just a grou-pie Girls call my telephone just to hang up While me and you is in the crib, laying up Oh he ain't tell you that we live together And that we gonna have a kid together Whatever, me intimidated, never Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim Anyway, I fuck better than you Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you If I fuck another nigga, don't mean nothing B.I.G. is in my heart from the start Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch Chicks who used to be around, where they at now? (See I don't care bout them other broads) B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that [Chorus fade out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Sadat X Album: Born Again Song: Come On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Nigga was motherfuckin HYPED UP Nigga just grabbed the nigga, snuffed the nigga and it was on from there The motherfucker there wasn't nuttin stoppin him 	(What what did the rest of his niggaz do?) Man the motherfuckers was just ready for anything Them niggaz was packin burners Them niggaz was ready to fight whatever we had to do holmes Niggaz was on the real flipout holmes It was just comin out like a motherfucker The nigga amped be like COME ON, COME ON MOTHERFUCKER!! Chorus: repeat 8X Come on motherfuckers, come on [samples play over second half of chorus] "Man what you fuck doin over here?" 	"Are you awake now?" "Hell yah I'm awake man;  now tell me what the fuck is goin on here" 	"Looks like the competition stopped by 	to pay us a little visit, and check us out" [Sadat X] Let's go deep into the phrase, beautiful sunrays off the baldhead, everything is real Biggie me put on this joint so I'ma be the big wheel Watch it Slim, hey Dad, place yo' bet on seven Peace to one-oh-six, one-oh-eight, one-to-the-hundred-eleventh Hey Biggie, I understand you're from Brooklyn with 22's in your shoes, yo keep the shank ready [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhhh well, why not blow up the spot with Sadat Release the BRAINSTORM, to make your motherfuckin BRAIN WARM A strange form, somethin kind of lyrical Biggie the bastard, Sadat's kind of spiritual Well "In God We Trust", guns I bust Got that disgustin, sewer style dumpin and that uhh {*singin*} do you knowwwwww, where you're goin to Do you like the things that I bring? {*rappin*} Make an emcee wanna sing for a livin Take the beatdown we fuckin givin, c'mon motherfucker Chorus [Sadat X] What? Niggaz want drama, puttin work on my block when I told y'all last week, that shit was too hot Sellin pieces and treys, cuts my dimes Somebody gon' get paid, somebody block get sprayed Reaction is delayed as y'all run down the block Caught one in your chest, your breath come in spurts Hey yo Biggie tell these niggaz I'ma hit em where it hurts The big city it don't spare no bodies Call me papichulo, to all the spanish mamis I'm about ten blunts down, drank three or fo' stouts Seen five fat asses, passed this bitch with glasses Hey yo money that's yo' stock, yo Bigs pass the glock I'ma tell him it can happen, don't play me with that rap shit Life is real, so Biggie take the steel Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh I got seven Mac-11's, about eight, .38's Nine 9's, ten Mac-10's, the shits never end You can't touch my riches Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht The two weed spots, the two hot glocks HAH, that's how I got the weed spot I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the landspread Lil' Gotti got the shotty to your body So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas I tote guns, I make number runs I give emcees the runs drippin; when I throw my clip in the A.K., I slay from far away Everybody hit the D-E-C-K My slow flows remarkable Peace to Matteo Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniff the llello That's crazy blunts, mad L's My voice excels from the avenue to jailcells Oh my God I'm droppin shit like a pigeon I hope you're listenin, smackin babies at they christening So you better grab your pistol cause if you sit still, I'm gonna make your fuckin shit spill And I'm talkin bout buckets, why did I have to do it? Sadat said fuck it, you got a gun, nigga bust it Cause I got mo' shots to pop-ya Big Pop-pa, breakin you off somethin proper Signin off is the hardcore rap singer a.k.a. crack slinger, bring it anytime nigga Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Method Man, Redman Album: Born Again Song: Rap Phenomenon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Well it's the Funk Docta Spock.." 	"Meth-Tical.." "Biggie.. Biggie.." (mmmhmmmmmm) [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. (yo c'mon Big) uhh.. Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches the prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it So I grab it, never run, the outcome is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be or where you're from, West or East coast, squeeze toast Leave most in the blood they layin in, what, what? The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented but they wasn't, so run it, cousin I could chill, the heat doesn't Ran up in your shell about a dozen You never see bank like Frank White Your hand clutchin, your chest-plate contemplate You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high [Redman] Yo.. yo yo I don't brownnose out of town hoes I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect You ass like prime roastin, Calvin Klein clothes Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here Your time is near, so get your body dropped off I stopped trustin niggaz since Gotti got caught It's Bricks keep your wrist covered, or piss colored By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue The Doc was born with a grenade palm I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom Yo Biggie (what? what?) She havin my bay-bayy If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high 	"This rule is so underrated.." -> B.I.G. 	"Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin" -> Meth 	"Ain't no other kings in this rap thing.." -> B.I.G. 	"Biggie, a motherfuckin rap phenomenon" -> B.I.G. 	(repeat all 2X) [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhh I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cee's advance Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants from Branson, now we lampin, twelve room mansion Bitches get naked off "Get Money", "Player's Anthem" Don't forget, "One More Chance" and, my other hits, other shit niggaz spit be counterfeit, robbery come actually in and out like fuckin rapidly, pass the gat to me Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin blasphemy Blastin me, your family, rest in coffins often Frank Wizzard, fuck you soft or fragilla Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer slash Gorilla, slash illest turned killer [Method Man] Now now Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket I take these adolescents back to Spofford Mentally my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side that's infinity -- too many sick niggaz, nickel nines; bring the remedy -- when you play the field, what's the penalty Unnecessary roughness, career endin injuries for suckers Stuck on stupid, shoot em with a dart like Cupid until they got love for my music Star Wars I'm Han Solo, with three egoes and three charges, I got to "See-three-P.O.'s" This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel Eyeball blower with no equal, niggaz swingin swords in the WAR that's my people, sho' nuff, befo' I roll up This is a hold up, hands high, reach for the sky I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye New York Shitty, put they weight on it And who better for the job than Biggie? The Notorious Jeee-zus, "Unbelievable" rhyme that reaches and touch individual, small frame buck and change MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin Hot -- forcin my way up in the door to kill the bullshit like a matador Keep your hands high (what?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Craig Mack, G-Dep, Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott Album: Born Again Song: Let Me Get Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] To my motherfuckin man 50 Grand, the alcoholic man Inject a tall can in his bloodstream if he can Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker MC provoker, chocolate thai smoker HEAR?? I like to max in Maximas and Acuras Your girl buttcheeks I'm smackin HER The raw rapper, spine snapper with the little hookers on my lap-ah You know the flavor Mack-ah A shy nigga but I ain't your fuckin comforter And if I ever fall in love I bet I'm fuckin her Ask the hooker, if I didn't jook her If she tried to front, then I drop the Chucky Booker on her {*singing*} Why you wanna.. play your games on me {*rapping*} Bitch, you crazy? Commitments, I'm Swayze, no time for the ill shit Rest with the niggaz on that real bloodspill shit My rap-pin tac-tics are drastic Stretchin motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic So if you wanna see my pedigreeeee You better be, filled with energy, niggaz never gettin me So let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down Chorus: Craig Mack Hahhhh, AHHHHHHHH HAH Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahhhh boyeeeee, let me get down and funk em) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Yeah.. uh-huh.. yeah) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Yo I just wanna get em) [G-Dep] Yeah, yo Odds even, said shoot (blaow) Asked me the reason, and I said loot Man that's all I'm here for, therefore when death declares war, you know what to prepare for Shit, one for shelter, book flights on Delta Live on your station, the radiation'll melt ya Cool - I guess your momma raised a fool You didn't wanna blaze your tool shoulda stayed in school Rap terror, shots through your new era Get it together, y'all niggaz shoulda knew better I'm on point like acupuncture I might, track and hunt ya, smack and punch ya Left side, right side, witcha hoe I might slide Runnin wit this big guy, y'all niggaz is pranksters Don't make a nigga have to show you the pound and show you the sound, that'll put you low in the ground Just let me get down Chorus: Craig Mack Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (What? What?) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (I just wanna funk a little bit) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahh.. I just wanna funk, what? Ahhhh) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down [Missy] I be like WHAAAAT? Let me clear my throat Break the smoke, Missy gotta hit some high notes HEYYYYYY! Yo from coast to coast I burn like toast So dope that I floats through snow nig-guh Oh, you don't wanna bow to me The agony be like, "Somebody help me please!" Feel my pressure, never could a bitch flow better in any weather, I'm Biggie bangin ya nigga Ah-huh, I used to be the chick to lick the lollipop Now I pop through your body parts BLAOW, BLAOW, you like the way I interact Proceed to smack, any MC that's wack Ah-huh, microphone check one two I do ya tool, like them freaks run through your crew Give it to me, OHHHH, send it to me, OHHHH But before I get down, where's my money? Let me get down Chorus: Craig Mack Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahhh.. boyeee) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (I just wanna funk a little bit) Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (Hahh.. I just wanna funk) Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down (The Mackalicious funk wanna get down.. boyeeeeeee, HAHHH, AHHHH-HAH  Mack, feelin the funk) [Notorious B.I.G.] Bringin it live to you bitch ass niggaz The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Joe Hooker, Mobb Deep, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Tonight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Yo.. Yo.. check this out YEAH! MotherFUCKERS, C'MON! MotherFUCKERS, c'mon B.I.G. motherFUCKERS B.I.G., motherFUCKERS Two thou', B.I.G. motherFUCKERS ??, two thou', motherFUCKERS ??, B.I.G. motherFUCKERS B.I.G. at war, motherFUCKERS B.I.G. ... we proceed .. to give you, what you need I am.. as we proceed .. to give you all what you need motherFUCKERS B.I.G., motherFUCKERS OHHHHH SHIT!!! [Notorious B.I.G. - overlaps above] Yo.. too much smoke in here man Crack the fuckin window man that's how the fuck you went to jail last time nigga The fuck wrong with you nigga.. the fuck man? Ahh ehh.. stupid nigga man Nigga fuck that Yo.. yo! Yo-yo-yo, yo, yo, yo.. yo Yo-yo-yo, yo.. yo Yo..  I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese When I release, you loose teeth like Lil' Cease Nigga please, blood floods yo' Dungarees And that's just the half on my warpath Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater than the average playa hater, and spectators buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low doe" Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes Short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be til Lil' Cease crippled me Now I play hard, like my girls nipples be The game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin bout all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through Now the year's new, I lay my game flat I want my spot back, take two Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggaz envious Too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha) Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin Catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin I laced it wit the basic, six TV's a system Knockin Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up Wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, LONG KISS Chorus: Joe Hooker Y'all can't see this.. That this might be the night.. This might be the night that's right, that's right This might be the night.. (kiss your ass goodbye) [Havoc] Niggaz playin they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long Finessed, what I was dealt with from the day I was born While you bent up on that corner, niggaz plottin and scheamin Up in them little holes, be creepin wit mad demons Niggaz knows, not to fuck with my dough Niggaz know not to fuck with this little bro I'm ten seconds hit'n'go Black mask black truck chrome rims Chuck Timbs Enough to confuse, any witness Strongest of calibers, is what we only travel wit You gotta get hit, your man did, so you got a hand in it Extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all You know the niggaz with the biggest balls set the new laws and flip fours, have em washin drawers while you up North Gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed Overhearin niggaz situation, sayin, "Like we thought" Sittin on the stand with no remorse Chorus [Prodigy] Yo, yo how we do niggaz, I don't beef I shoot niggaz If I can't get the main character, a few niggaz then I don't need no gin to boost me I got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go I got fire in my heart, guns in my car Cash in my Carharts, it ain't hard to get em  like blaow when I hit em, the nigga shit his drawers when the 40-pound hit him, the fuck these niggaz thought? Could it be the fame, maybe it's the 2 Benz or would it be the same if I couldn't claim those? Fuckin with, hoes ?? Cock sucker beat it while you bleed it on the dashboard Niggaz get, what they hand call for, again bricks You get deaded, I get erections, over revenge Can you get a quiet spot in the shade, for a breeze I lay a nigga down and steam roll away ?? Chorus 2X {Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus} [Puff Daddy] I never thought it would be like this I never thought it would be like this Always thought you would be here Always thought you would be by my side I never thought it'd be like this OH GOD I MISS YOU! C'MON! YEA! Chorus {Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Beanie Siegal, Black Rob, Ice Cube Album: Born Again Song: If I Should Die Before I Wake Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. UHH Yeah.. Uhh.. uhh..  Uh! Yeah.. yeah.. Uhh.. I'm on.. Fuck em.. yeah, uhh.. With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit Fuck her, never knew her Screw her.. (dump her body, dump her body) sewer Our father.. uh-huh.. What you expected from his next of kin I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin Uhh, the lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X) With my hands gripped.. praise the Lord shit Our father.. if I should die before I wake [Black Rob] Fluck that Snap a nigga shit, smash him with the fifth, watch his body lift Shut his hottie's lips, bitch screamin, hit her body quick Got me like the trifest not knowin how my life is My life is, rap sheet long as the Turnpike The sheistest, hey fella, who bidded with the lifers Did it with the glocks, spit it witcha pops, you was in diapers Loved me when you came to Rikers Hated me all in the free cypher; mad you can't be like us Some murderers who turn bikers -- see Biggie Smalls recruited these snipers -- alumni do it just like us Some pied pipers, squeezin life out y'all It's all out war, be all wild as all outdoor If a coward got beef, y'all be checkin his palm Paralyzin my niggaz thorough kid, how bout yours? Real quick to screw a nigga then, hop out four Clean the wipers, hit the party up and, hop out yours Bitch nigga.. whoah.. Chorus [Beanie Siegal] Yo when you fuckin wit Mac, you fuckin wit the best Still wall to wall with them dusty Tecs Man you know how I handle my shit, S.K. can on my shit Jump out of vans like Hannibal Smith Man I spit a thousand rounds, your squad don't need it Shredders in a riot pump leave you quadriplegic When I squeeze don't breathe keep it lined and even So when niggaz get hit, they be cryin screamin Lyin bleedin -- from that iron steamin And I ain't tryin to hear that bullshit, I ain't mean it Niggaz start bitchin, when that pistol in they face or I sick two puts to come and get you in your place If I catch you in my shit, I'm wakin my bitch Hear take this shit, crackin the brick, facin that shit Takin two sniffs, grabbin my shit Best believe if I get hit, y'all niggaz takin some shit Picture niggaz takin my shit Chorus [Ice Cube] Niggaz never thought they'd see Cube and Biggie in the year 2000, all drunk and pissy off whiskey, you can miss me, actin gay He's the King of New York, I'm the King of L.A. Doin it the O.G. way; it's sorta like the Brooklyn Way, it's just the crook in me So this is dedicated to the memory of the Notorious One, the glorious one And if you go for your gun, I got to go for mine Cock my nine, and seperate yo' head from yo' spine So, "Grab yo' dicks if you love hip-hop" and fuck you niggaz that shot Big Pop' The conspiracy, of this nation, for assassination of the young black male in this black hell And I can tell, no matter the weather that you and Tupac got yo' shit together California Love Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Born Again * Song: Who Shot Ya Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally from the 'Big Poppa' vinyl 12" Intro: Puff Daddy As we proceed to give you what you need 9 to 5 motherfuckers get live motherfuckers  -- 2X As we proceed to give you what you need East coast motherfuckers Bad Boy motherfuckers BIG - Now turn the mics up   Turn that mic up, yea that beat is knockin   to that microphone   Turn that shit the fuck up   Uh, what?   Turn it up louder   Yea, uh As we proceed, to give you what you need J.M. motherfuckers J.M. motherfuckers 9 to 5 motherfuckers Verse One: Who shot ya? Seperate the weak from the ob-solete Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets It's on nigga, fuck all that bickering beef I can hear sweat trickling down your cheek Your heartbeat soun like Sasquatch feet Thundering, shaking the concrete Finish it, stop, when I foil the plot Neighbors call the cops said they heard mad shots Saw me in the drop, three in the corner Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter Old school new school need to learn though I burn baby burn like Disco Inferno Burn slow like blunts with ya-yo Peel more skins than Idaho potato Niggaz know, the lyrics molestin is takin place Fuckin with B.I.G. it ain't safe I make your skin chafe, rashes on the masses Bumps and bruises, blunts and Landcruisers Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools Niggaz mad because I know that Cash Rules Everything Around Me, two glock nines Any motherfucker whispering about mines And I'm, Crooklyn's finest You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this Interlude: As we proceed to give you what you need 9 to 5 motherfuckers get live motherfuckers As we proceed to give you what you need East coast motherfuckers Bad Boy motherfuckers Get high motherfuckers Get high motherfuckers Smoke blunts motherfuckers Get high motherfuckers Ready to die motherfuckers 9 to 5 motherfuckers Verse Two: I seen the light excite all the freaks Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps Niggaz wanna creep, got ta watch my back Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack? I switches all that, cock-sucker G's up One false move, get swiss cheesed up Clip to Tec, respect I demand it Slip and break the, 11th Commandment Thou shalt not fuck with raw C-Poppa Feel a thosand deaths when I drop ya I feel for you, like Chaka Khan I'm the don Pussy when I want Rolex on the arm You'll die slow but calm Recognize my face, so there won't be no mistake So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga Brave nigga, turned front page nigga Puff Daddy flips daily I smoke the blunts he sips on the Bailey's on the rocks, tote glocks at christenings And my cock, in the fire position and... (Get live motherfuckers  Ready to Die motherfuckers) C'mere, c'mere [it ain't gotta be like that Big] open your fucking mouth, open your... didn't I tell you don't fuck with me? [*muffled* c'mon man] Huh? Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me? (as we proceed) [c'mon man] Look at you now (to give you what you need) Huh? [c'mon man] (9 to 5 motherfuckers) Can't talk with a gun in your mouth huh? (get live motherfuckers) Bitch-ass nigga, what? (get live motherfuckers) [*muffled sounds, six gun shots*] (as we proceed...) Who shot ya? Outro: Puff Daddy ...to give you what you need 9 to 5 motherfuckers Get live motherfuckers (Who shot ya?) Get high motherfuckers Ready to Die motherfuckers Hah!! As we proceed... (Who shot ya?) ...to give you what you need 9 to 5 motherfuckers East coast motherfuckers (Who shot ya?) West coast motherfuckers... West coast motherfuckers... hah! As we proceed, to give you what you need As we proceed to give you what you need Get live motherfuckers 9 to 5 motherfuckers Get money motherfuckers As we proceed to give you what you need Get live motherfuckers 9 to 5 motherfuckers J.M. motherfuckers J.M. motherfuckers As we proceeeeeeed To give you what you need... 9 to 5... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Cease Album: Born Again  Song: Can I Get Witcha Typed by: Itsfinest@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big]	Huh? [Cee]	Cease-a-Lee' [Big]	Doggytyle.. YEAH! [Cee]	B.I.G. [Big]	Uhh.. to all the ladies in the house! [Cee]	Where they at? [Big]	Uhh, uhh, check it out [Cee]	C'mon Big [Notorious B.I.G] Another day in the ghetto  One look outside I'm already upset yo It look about a hundred-and-two  It's a Saturday and Biggie ain't got nuttin to do Uhh, I'm intrrupted by a phone ring {*brrrrring*} Sometimes I wish I never got the motherfuckin thing "Hello hello? Can I speak to Biggie?" Yo who dis? "Taisha" Yo call back, I'm busy Why don'tcha hit me on the box a little later Washed up, got dressed, hits the elevator Steps out it's the same old scene  Dopefiend, crackfiend, eyewitness news team I seen a honey with a butt lookin butter soft I know she looks much better with them clothes up off Sittin all thick, with the ruby red lipstick {*SMACK*} That's the one I gotta get with Chorus One: Biggie Smalls Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha Can I get wit'cha, can I get wit'cha "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T, T [Notorious B.I.G] She said "If I get witchu  I gotta get witcha whole hood rat crew Whatcha I think I do? Sling skins for a livin My name ain't November, this ain't Thanksgivin You aint Michael Bivins Mack it up flip it, rub it down Do me baby, I ain't down My name ain't Tupac I don't "Get Around" You hittin this nigga, how that sound?" Huh, first of all you got me mixed up with Somebody ya done slept with, hold up That's my Neneh Cherry shit, I got somethin slicker Let me just sip up on this liquor All I wanna do is smoke a little chronic Slam ya like Onyx, and get ya hooked on  this Biggie Smalls phonics, 102 How to squeeze 22's in them Reeboks shoes, HUH? Chorus Two: Biggie Smalls and Lil' Cease Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha) Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha) Can I get wit'cha.. Cause I got a big B-U-T, T, see Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha) Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha) "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T, T [Notorious B.I.G] I said walk me upstairs, cause I forgot my Phillies She said "I don't care, just dont be actin silly" I knew I had her trapped with my hardcore rap And it wouldn't take a second 'fore I had her on her back Foolin with the bra strap, threw on my Silk cd  cause, "I wanna get freaky wit'chou" Lose control on the skins is all I can picture Now I'm about to hitcha Chorus Three: Biggie Smalls and Lil' Cease Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha) Can I get wit'cha (can I get wit'cha) "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T, T [Lil' Cease] Uhh.. Lil' Cease.. yo, yo, yo To all my hoes, respect due Tamika sorry I left you Michelle I'm glad I met you You make the head feel special Now I know it's official That I can touch and tease you Pull up my pants and diss you And hit the door you came through Its Cease-a-Lee, a.k.a. Mista Nasty Germany style, these hoes they blast me One of the chickenhead with sex appeal pass me That's her hands, ankles, feet they ashy I like the flashy type, who pass with dykes With long hair, and they ass be right I get up on that ass, see what that be like I fuck a bitch good, if she ask me right, huh Chorus One (repeat 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ K-Ci and JoJo, Nas Album: Born Again Song: I Really Want to Show You * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this is actually a remix of "Everyday Struggle" [Notorious B.I.G.] Wooo! There's gonna be a lot of punchin in this motherfucker Y'all better be swift with that punch button Jack Biggie.. Biggie.. [Notorious B.I.G.] I know how it feel to wake up fucked up Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell People look at you like youse the user Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser But they don't know about your stress-filled day Baby on the way mad bills to pay That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce and wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit I remember I was just like you Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's Cause G-E-D, wasn't B-I-G I had to get P-A-D, that's why my moms hate me She was forced to kick me out, no doubt Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South Packed up my tools for my raw power move Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves for chumps tryin to stop my flow And what they don't know will show on the autopsy Went to see Papi, to cop me a brick Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin to hear it Smoking mad Newports cause I'm due in court for an assault, that I caught, in Bridgeport, New York Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man You better have your gat in hand, cause man Chorus: K-Ci & JoJo Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you How I run the streets .. I really wanna show you How I'm clockin G's .. I really wanna show you Come and run with me .. I really wanna show you [Notorious B.I.G.] I had the master plan I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland with my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two tecs And when he start to bust he like to ask, "Who's next?" I got my honey on the Amtrak with the crack in the crack of her ass Two pounds of hash in the stash I wait for hon to make some quick cash I told her she could be Lieutenant, bitch got gassed At last, I'm literally loungin black Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps See who got smoked, what rumors was spread Last I heard I was dead with six to the head Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of by some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich Conspiracy, she'll be home in three Until then I looks out for the whole family A true G, that's me, blowing like a bubble; in the everyday struggle Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Guiliani ain't tryin to see no black man turn to John Gotti [Nas] Guns and diamonds Bitches put they tongues where the sun ain't shinin Take ki's til they spot us, snakes flee with consignment This kid he got his krib rated, police found grams They locked up, his whole fam; moms sister his old man Nigga bailed his moms out, then he told on his man Now they home, actin like nuttin wrong, hustlin again He tried to be the next Frank White, and Escobar Pickin up coke a fiend holds it in a seperate car Cooks it up til it's bright white, cut it tight right Then he slings it to the fiends, lookin like Fright Night Coppin the motorbikes, the scooters, countin dough on computers High technology dealers, to the users and losers Half-leg DiDi, try to swap drug for TV's Stores run out of baking soda from BK to QB My niggaz die for the cause, .45 on the drawer City laws made by Big Nas and Biggie Smalls Bitches, holdin my weight in they titties and drawers My bitches out of state get bust while they pushin my cars Callin me up, callin me baller, call for they cut Pretty hoes bring me my cash, swallow all of this nut Seats on the Bent' stay nasty, push the dash  for the stash box is where the cash be; watchin for task force Cause I know they comin but I'm reachin my goal Fuck bummin, I'm makin sure I leave this whole game wit somethin Crib in West Palms for my dime, crib for my moms Ridiculous, you lookin at the next Nicholas Barnes, baby Chorus (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Notorious B.I.G. f/) Diddy, Eminem, Obie Trice Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: It Has Been Said Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, rhymer_ap@yahoo.com [Eminem] + {B.I.G.} Ih.. ih, ih (it has been) It has been, it has been, it has been It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?} Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead Money power respect, street cred, yeah It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh} Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners Notorious tried to warn us We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha} Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact these tragic events, which lead us back To where we left off on March 9th To come from such hard knock lifes And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights And, once they're on us this is our lives Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us to see who can last the longest And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh} In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies And applies to his persona or the sizes in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people To the point that you know that he's gangster He ain't just say shit, you just believe it [Obie Trice] + {B.I.G.} Since B.I.B. taught us niggaz to think big I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?} It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn This I took in, sent chills through my skin Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him It's what excited Obie to write these poems Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah} Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind Get up out the system, who could give him better signs No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh} That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I. [Diddy] + {B.I.G.} I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?} All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace... This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother... On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah} And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact An immaculate concept, extravagant progress Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin "God bless" Regardless to critics yellin that East/West I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh} And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally! I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Krayzie Bone, Twista Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Spit Your Game Typed by: ATL_290@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] (No-torious...) Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat...call your click {Swizzie}(Yall ready?) {Where Brooklyn at? Hey, King of New York and that G Twista, Bone...} Squeeze your clip, hit the right one Pass that shit, I got to light one Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat, call your click Squeeze your clip, hit the right one Pass that weed I gotsta light one (Go....C'mon) [Notorious B.I.G.] Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us Straight up weed no angel dust, label us Notorious Thug ass niggaz that love to bust, it's strange to us Y'all niggaz be scramblin, gamblin Up in restaurants with mandolins, and violins We just sittin here tryin to win, tryin not to sin High off weed and lots of gin So much smoke need oxygen, steadily countin them Benjamins Nigga you should too, if you knew What this game'll do to you Been in this shit since ninety-two Look at all the bullshit I been through So-called beef with you know who Fuck a few female stars or two Nigga, blue light, nigga, move like Mike, shit not to be fucked with Motherfucker better duck quick, cause Me and my dogs love to buck shit Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim No aspirations to quit the game Spit yo' game, talk yo' shit Grab yo' gat, call yo' click Squeeze yo' clip, hit the right one Pass that weed, I got to light one All them niggaz I got ta fight one All them hoes I got ta like one Our situation is a tight one Whatcha gonna do, fight or run? [Twista] + (Swizz Beatz) (Ladies and Gentlemen, Twista) Makin money, livin marvelous In God we trust Don't too many niggaz wanna start with us Got big guns in the cars with us Bust at any mothafucka actin hard with us They really wanna show you wit a G.I.B I'd rather be sippin Remy in V.I.P We can hear the music and that'll be by me Twista with the legendary nigga B.I.G Brooklyn to K-Town, when you checkin out the flow you know it's gon' reign with persistence Two legends on the same track, two different planes of existence Let's get it crackin, I love to bust flows Hit it from the back cause I love to fuck hoe Do it for the city, I love Chicago Calico's bumpin, I love to bust dough You think you could spit on the mic like you Biggie and flow just as steady as I Shit, it's real, you know you love em, you ain't got Ready To Die Life After Death, give it to you however you want it nigga Got it, they got ya, give it to you, however you want it nigga Cause the shit it get deep So I carry big heat Screamin "Come and get me" Twista and Biggie on the Swizz Beat (Swizzie) Free mils, I love to make one All these cars, I love to ride one All these hoes, I love to cut one A tribute to Big, I love to bust one [Krayzie Bone] + {Swizz Beatz} {Them Bone boys is back! Them Bone boys is back! Lets go} In the middle of the hour bring niggaz more drama then they baby mamma's Nigga wanna battle, well I'll bomb ya One man, but attack like a pack of piranhas Like terra-cotta Niggaz always ready for the war But they really don't wanna see a nigga though We can do em in a minute then we finish wit em hit em wit the feelin of a nigga wit a sick ass flow Doin it wit Swizz, oh no You niggaz is in some tro-o-uble Somebody better call po-po It's gonna be murder when I get to servin em verbally (Yea...) Nigga yall heard of me, wig splitta, killa nigga word to me And I'm classic, like Bird and Magic wit a tactic to snatch it, strap back and stack some platinum Double on the mag random With the bullets I brand em Finna hold the game ransom Runnin up in your mansion, catch the man and flashin cannons {Let's go} Niggaz ain't ready for this one cause I'm on a mission to get even better believe it I'm heavily heated It's easy to see me if you want to see me, let that be the reason {C'mon...B.I.G.} [Outro: Swizz Beatz] + (Krayzie Bone {No-torious...} You just heard the sounds of the King of New York B.I.G. (B.I.G.). There's only one crown... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jay-Z Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Whatchu Want Typed by: hiphopjay@mac.com [BIG] Throw your hands in the sky, nigga I'm stickin' ice picks on the tip of ya dick Give your testicles a swift kick, ain't that some shit? Am I hard hard core, harder than a Plymouth It ain't no myth, it's a nigga with the spliff And a chrome four fifth pressed on ya back So what you want, nigga? How you wanna act? I hope civilized cause I love to see niggaz die Brains all leakin' out on the street And the pastor preachin' "He was a good man" Played the bad man when the burner was in his hand Now he's singin' sad songs with Elvis Three to the head, bout six cross the pelvis Ya fuck with the high guy ya die Yeah the same motherfucker yellin' "Look up in the sky!" I'm on some old neck shit, Suplex shit, hardcore sex shit, and Tec shit [Chorus X4] BIG + (Girl) What you want, nigga? (What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga? What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?) [BIG] A repetitive loop All I need to destroy a soloist or group Huh, I put it to ya boy Hope you got the scoop Biggie Smalls, the rap genius I keep the glock by the penis, the cleanest cut Fuck the sluts with the big humongous butts Huh, I use a rubber, but My style is gushy like the hooker's pussy And it don't take a lot of back talk to push me Into flamin' 'em like that little nigga Damien Pop 19 to my motherfuckin' cranium Game tight, gun totin' motherfucker Niggaz in the grave thought Biggie was a sucker I tricked 'em- I gave 'em work then I sticked 'em I stripped 'em, cause niggaz don't want the friction Told you before how I bring the dra-ma Slam Larry Johnson and his Grandma-ma [Chorus X4] BIG + (Girl) What you want, nigga? (What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga? What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?) [Diddy adlibs] Aye yo Time to bring 'em back Yeah [JAY-Z] (BIG) It's the Commission, niggaz B-I-G lives on ???, Brooklyn Uh, uh, uh, uh, Let's go! It's fuckin' deadly Lucky Lefty of the Commission, bow down By now you fuckers know this is our crown Two Uptown bullies, Brooklyn Biggie Bedstuy Hov like Bedstuy Gold Behold the fly-est (it's the Commission) Bentley drivers, Louis Vuitton buyers Jet fuel abusers, sippin' Petrus +Once Upon A Time In America+'s muse You based on us, you fiction Ya eight's don't bust, you a constant contradiction Ladies please use contraception Conception's at a all time high with sexin' Use protection You fuckers shoulda never been born, shoulda never got signed How the fuck you got on? How the fuck you got Shawn? I'm too advanced, the Lance Armstrong of the dance Rubberband man before T.I. was King of New York like B.I. was B.K. all day, it's in my blood You wanna see my mask and gloves? What the fuck you want? [Chorus X4] BIG + (Girl) What you want, nigga? (What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga? What you want, nigga? What you, what you want nigga?) [Diddy] Two of the world's greatest Brooklyn's Finest The Commission lives on BIG Forever The Biggie Duets Let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Big Punisher, Fat Joe & Freeway Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Get Your Grind On Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com But I would've loved to hear A Big Pun and B.I.G. collabo That shit would've been incredible [Big Pun talking] Aye yaknahmsayin, it was just happen We have our day, you know? I seen him, I seen him, I seen him at the pearly gates, yaknahmean? We keep it, keep it, keep it going from there [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, I dream filthy My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey Huh, what a set up Shoulda pushed 'em dead off, wipe the sweat off Uhh, cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot Giving cats the opposite of diets You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me Shit, I need the company (uh-huh) Apoligies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest Silencers so you can't hear it Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still [Chorus: Freeway] Nigga still gotta get his grind on Come get introduced to my home I grew up in the crime zone Soon as you grown, you on your own, you keep your strap You keep your chrome cause the streets is chilly Now get your grind on Come get introduced to my home A nigga grew up in the pro-jects, end up gettin mo' stressed Mo' money, mo' drama you know a nigga keep his armor Cause the streets are killin Now get your grind on Come get introduced to my home [Big Punisher] Yo, yo The penalty is death, especially when I'm mentally stressed My enemies hang with me 'til I eventually flip I never reject an offer to battle Slap a coffin on the saddle and rattle like a wooden horse to el barrio Niggaz talk but they babble cause they ain't sayin nuttin If ain't blazin somethin with the mac I'm in the shack bakin muffins Fake the funk and get your rump roast One dose of the toast'll make you jump if you come close Pun spoke, ain't no more debatin; my Squad been waitin for the perfect time to give you what you all been waitin An orgi-nation of veterans built with genuine skills to pay the heat, gas, and the rest of the bills Invest in the real, don't get left in the hills My tech and my steel turn your whole crew into vega-ta-bills We blessed with the will to never surrender cause my every agenda's in and out, unseen like I entered the ninja It's my world [Fat Joe] I got that new F-N, call it that faggot nigga gun Couple of hollow tips make you faggot niggaz run Crack pull up, everybody clear out Anybody pumpin that rock is gettin aired out I'm in that caddy with my bitch in the pack Your mommy got a body but she itchin to clap And I know you pitchin purple but we switchin the packs Listen, don't make me hurt you I'm just givin the facts On that I 9-5 swirvin to a town near you My niggaz watch out for that Black Surburbans And no it's not the Feds, man papi's home And papi got it good, he could put you on Listen, I done made abandoned blocks look hot Nine to ten Benzes, a couple of drops Couple of rubber bands from the corrupt cops Just to see my niggaz eat and shit and huggin the blocks Crack a chestize 'em, right besides 'em In front of a hundred million viewers, shouldn't surprise 'em We from the Bronx where the may-ors lift up And niggaz get shot in broad day cause we don't give a... Fuck little niggaz on bike and just shoot you All for a pair of some Nikes, the shits brutal I done seen fiends O.D., shot the wrong pack Then they call the shit the bomb smack Word to Crack, the god body, the hard body, the realest ever The John Gotti, this rap shit, will it kill me? Never [Notorious B.I.G.] This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and be Mor-gan than Freeman I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces Fuck the screwfaces, cause when I flip I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas Niggaz can't bang with us, try to do me My crew be unruly (what) To old school cats that call gats toolies Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies And fuck without rubbers (what) specialize in killin wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin, shit When Frank start bustin, Frank start somethin Killin ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley Me and Sean Combs takin broads home On the phone with the chip, with these Cristal chicks Bout to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Bobby Valentino, Cheri Dennis, Faith Evans, Ludacris, Snoop Dogg Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Living the Life Typed by: jamx3k@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Notorious B.I.G] + (Faith Evans) To my motherfuckin' man, fifty grand, the alcholic man Inject a tall can to his blood stream if he can Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker Emcee prover, the chocolate tah smoker (huh?) I like to mack in Maximas and Acuras But cheeks, I'm smackin' em' (huh?) The raw rapper, spot smacker Wit the lil hooker on my lap-ah, you know your favorite macker A shy nigga, but I ain't ya fuckin' comforter And If I ever fall in love, I better fuck it up Ask the hooker, If I didn't jug her She try to front, then I put the Chucky Booker on her (Why you wanna...play games on me?) Bitch, you crazy? Commitments, I'm Swayze No time for the ill shit Mess with the niggaz on that real blood spill shit My rappin' tactics, are drastic Stretchin' motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic So if you wanna see my Pedigree, you better be filled with energy, niggaz never gettin' me [Chorus 2X: Bobby Valentino and Cheri Dennis] + (Ludacris ab-libbing) Big cities and bright lights Short days and long nights No stress and no strife I'm high off living the life [Ludacris] It's clear to see that I'm the motherfuckin' man, I done learned from the best of em; Took the first slot, niggaz still second guessin' em Hoes, I'm undressin' em', foes, I'm not stresin' em' Outlastin' a bunch of 'em , outflowed the rest of em' Cuz everyday, I stay preachin' on the pulpit So tell them haters they could miss me with that bullshit But I won't miss, I'm Luda, the heat holder I'm rich, bitch! I've done more shows than Hova And I'm a soldier, ready for whatever Roll with a bunch of niggaz that don't know no better King like Coreddar, countin' mo' cheddar Just hired two dykes to be my ho getters When it comes to these women, dog, ain't no one fuckin' wit me They runnin' back, you think I had TJ Duckett wit me That's cause I throw it like Vick, from the yard line Menage a trois, it's safe to say I'm havin' hard times [Chorus] + (Ludacris ab-libbing) [Snoop Dogg] To my nigga Chopper dot, with the whoopty-whop on the block Got the heaters cocked, cause I know the suckers on the block Hennesey and Belve-D, brings a lot of jealousy Nigga stop snitchin', nephew, why you tellin' me? They say the game ain't what it use to be on (?) Used to be a G, but now he just a ho Runnin' 'round poitin' fingers, tellin' names You fuckin' up the rules to this dirty game, and it's a diry shame I ain't flippin' out, that's probably why I'm dippin' out Ya'll fools trippin' out, that why I'm on a different route Now, makin' money, havin' clout, what's what it's all about Twenty seven cars and a tweleve bedroom house Now they call me Snoopy Trump I keep my heater close, cause I love to bust Now hat's a stain on a nigga, I bang on a nigga Kick rocks and watch how I do my thang, young nigga; I'm livin' the life! [Chorus] + (Snoop Dogg ab-libbing) [Chorus] - w/o ab-libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Faith Evans, The Game Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: 1970 Somethin' Typed by: imiathug305i@aol.com [Intro - Notorious B.I.G.] 19, 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somthin' [Verse One - Notorious B.I.G.] 1970 somethin' Nigga I don't sweat the date, my moms is late So I had to plan my escape, out the skins In this world, the fly girl Tangere or Hennessy until I called Earl Ten months in this gut, what the fuck I wish moms would hurry up so I could get buck While, Juvenile rippin' mics and shit New York, New York ready for the lights of this Uh, then came the worst date, May, 21st 2:19 is when my mama's water burst No spouse in the house, so she rolls herself To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help Umbilical chord's wraped around my neck I'm seein' my death, and I ain't even took my first step I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy The doctor looked and said "He's gonna be a Bad Boy." [Hook - Notorious B.I.G.] w/ vocals from Faith Evans 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin' 19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin' [Verse Two - The Game] Would 'Pac be alive, if you let 'Pac drive? Swear to God, to reverse, that I'll give my Left Eye With the right I'll visualize the king of Bed-Sty Checkin' his daughter, Teana into junior high If I was in Brooklyn and B.I. was still alive In 2006, it might sound like this NY, 7-1-8's, 2-1-2's With Sue's rendezvous, it's like Moulin Rouge High fashion, uptown Air Force Ones and Vasquez Puerto Ricans with fat asses Blazed ducth masters, we dump ashes On models in S classes for you bastards Catch a cab to Manhattan, with that Broadway actin' You hype, that Belly shit'll get you capped and wraped in plastic Tell the captain to ask Rog' What's Happenin'? I hear, nor speak no evil inside the magnum [Hook - Notorious B.I.G.] w/ vocals from Faith Evans 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin' [Verse Three - Notorious B.I.G.] Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts makin' cream On the drug scene, fuck the football team Risk it, rupt' your spleens by the age of sixteen Hearin' the coach scream, made my lifetime dream I mean, I wanna blow up, stack my dough up So school, I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up Ma' said that I should grow up, and check myself Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself Put the drugs on the shelf, nah, couldn't see it Scarface, king of New York, I wanna be it Rap was secondary, money was necessary Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary Seat 74, Mart 8 set me straight Not able to move, behind a great steel gate Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail? All the money I stacked, was all the money for bail [Outro - Notorious B.I.G.] w/ vocals from Faith Evans 19, 70 somethin' 19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin' Nine, 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' 1970 somethin' Nine, teen, seventy, somethin' 1970 somethin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Diddy, Jagged Edge, Nelly Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Nasty Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, jesc0n@hotmail.com [Jazze Pha] + (B.I.G.) The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!) Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls) Ladies and gentlemen! [Notorious B.I.G.] I go, on and on and on and Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin Easy, call 'em on the phone and Platinum Chanel cologne and (oooh-WEE) I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect If they watch TV in the Lex, they know They know, quarter past fo' Left the club tipsy, say no mo' Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O. (heyyy) Back of my mind I hope she swallow Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state, "You know what you do to me" She starts off, "But I don't usually" (let's go) Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt Step out, show me what you all about Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South (aoowww) Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I squirt Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All my women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Diddy] You know I like nasty girls... I need you to dance, I need you to strip I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips I need you to grind like you workin' for tips And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Pearl yet Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet My style make a low profile girl smile Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that) And now you and me can drink some Hennessy Then we get it on Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin' Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back) And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that) Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!) [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jagged Edge] J & B-I-G (what! what!) Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!) We're a Man lookin'no stress meet us upstairs in ya best, yes! Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's intrest Jazzy on the beat so sweet Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G [Nelly] Okay ma, what's ya preference Nice and slow or fast and reckless Boo, you heard girl, bite cha necklace! Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!) I make ya sprang a leak When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em) I'm like the radical one I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one (From yo' titties to ya thong) Either way mama I'ma make you do what it do (Girl I'm about to make you cum) Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me [Jagged Edge] Cause I'll go on and on and on on and on and on on and on Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jazzy Pha] Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS! BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF! NOTORIOUS! NOTORIOUS! Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen... LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ 2Pac, Mary J. Blige, Nas Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Living in Pain Typed by: DaSun Akbar [Just Blaze] Welcome to The House of Pain, Just Blaze nigga (Intro) Mary J. Blige There's no way out, it seems I can't get free Somebody tell me - what's happening to me [Notorious B.I.G.] The country bud got me choking I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smoking Yeah that sick nigga Biggie with the 8 shot fifth With the extra clip for that extra shit Don't you know that a killing is thrilling? All the blood spilling, is all up on the drug dealing A born gangsta my daddy was a thug Had a .38 with the hallow point slug So when he lit shots Niggas dropped, quicker than bootlegger sells his liquor A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes Paying dudes, while kids was on their one's and two's Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster Got the MAC-11 swinging from my shoulder It's a damn shame I got to put my mom through the strain I'm living in The House of Pain (Chorus) Mary J. Blige Is anybody listening tell me can you see this? Darkness be surrounding me Now it's getting colder heavy on my shoulder And it's getting hard to breathe And it's getting blurry, I'm getting worried 'Cause it's getting hard to see When your lamping in The House of Paaaiiinnn [2Pac] The motherfucking dust kicker, Who can you trust? Who gave you the heart to see a nigga? Before you bust, my name is spoken on the tongue of so many foes Busting motherfuckers out the blocks I ain't even go Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame? From doing fix to busting tricks out the fucking frame Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block Jealous ass suckers got it ducking for my fucking glock And busting niggas ass is to stay alive Skinny ass playa watching victim motherfuckers fry They ask me how I'm living? How I'm a hustler? Bucking busters 'til they die Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard? Niggas got they AK's heading for the bird Aiming at them skinny ass bitches let 'em rain Giving 'em or wetting 'em, welcome to The House of Pain (Chorus) Mary J. Blige [Nas] MJB, be worried niggas, yeah, Nas... Yeah.., Wuttup BI 'Pac Wendy Williams say "I stay dust" then maybe I should 'Cause these rappers will have your phone tapped like Savion Glove And on the West yo police corrupt, some are bloods But these Teflon I loaded explode in some mugs I'm like Furious in 'Boyz 'N The Hood' But at the drive-thru I ain't running I'm dumping Crazy like a Piru and loc'd up, know how Nas do I'm calling Henchmen and Conception To organize a Black Truce And we party hard party with Nas Since they ain't no more - Mardi gras And Bush won't apologize I got gangsta hoes Kobe Bryant scared to sodomize And .45's for them suckers y'all idolize Y'all yelling my name, but y'all soon dying Who be trying to portray real but they be lying 'Cause they want the real niggas to die so they can gain But neva that, this ain't neva last, this The House of Pain (Chorus) Mary J. Blige The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jim Jones, Juelz Santana, Lil Wayne Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: I'm With Whateva Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Jim Jones] R.I.P Big We some niggaz that's gonna make you proud of this game Smell me? (Jones, Capo) Cash Money (Santana) Dipset (Lil Weezy) Let's Ride Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda) It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Watch It) Cause real g's know the feeling (It's Murda) It's hard body, no remorse for the killing (Weezy) [Verse 1: Lil Wayne] Mad trees and bitches in dungarees The city under seas, kitchen 100 degrees I love that summer breeze, I'll stand in it until it freeze I'm from another breed, them sss, southern g's I sip phemetrazine, I lean, I stand tall I'm mean, I'm mad raw, I'm coming like fastball Steee-rike, Yup, so get it right Nigga, one of my sniplets'll end your whole life You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife In a fork, I'm a pig myself, I eat schwork So be smart and play your own part If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell Hey, I'ma shoot it out if I'm facing the ail Yea, so tell your girl to come and make me rich Weezy Baby nigga, 9 to 5, 10 to 6 [Chorus: Juelz Santana] All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn? (Watch it) I ain't going out without a fight I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight I'm with whatever, It'd be your life before my life At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn? [Verse 2: Juelz Santana] It's showdown time, throwdown time Same d-off, four pound time Clack Clack, go get yours, I'll go get mine Check it man, I'm wit whatever Goodness gracious the paper Where the cash at? Where the stash at? I'll blow that ass back for fronting on a nigga like me You got nothing on a nigga like me, you'll see I'm on the grind from sun up to sun down If I'm lying, may lightning come down and strike me right now I'll turn a dollar to a twenty to a fifty to a hundred Keep it coming til I'm full on my stomach I'm stuck in my ways, I'm stuck puffing my hase Hand on my pistol, front of it sprays I'm stuck living the life of a ghetto nigga Trying to get rid of the life, alright? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Mobb Deep Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Beef Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com [Biggie] We here (uh-huh) We ain't goin nowhere (uh-uhh) [Diddy] Y'all motherfuckers don't know what beef is [Biggie] Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G. (B.I.H.) I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seein (c'mon) Will reach the fuckin ceiling, check it (check it) My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock Drop top notch playa hating won't stop (uhh) This instant, rappers too persistant Quick to spit Biggie name on shit Make my name taste like ass when you speak it, (yeah) See me in the street your jewelry you can keep it, (keep it) That'll be our little secret, (shhh) See me, B that is, I that is, G whiz Motherfuckers still in my biz (c'mon) Hope they know my nigga Gutter fuckin kidnip kids (that's right) Fuck 'em in the ass, throw 'em over the bridge (aaah) That's how it is, my shit is laid out (laid out) Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out (played out) Y'all got to go, all I make is one phone call All y'all dissapear by tomorrow (tomorrow) All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow (no sorrow) Actually, your man passed the gat to me, now check this (talk to em) [Chorus: Biggie] What's beef? Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets Beef is when I see you, guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time What's beef? Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep Beef is when I see you guaranteed to be in ICU, check it [Havoc] I done clapped at the best of them Been caused the death of them These dudes don't want no more, shit is affecting them Tops popped off, them niggaz from the bridge Just be, wildlin' on you line that red dot on you, (take that) Dont know or warn you, catch them all hogged up Sober that ass up with clips, the ratchet spit Number one with the buddhaka, henny-sour diesel Ain't no tellin what I do to ya It's obvious ma you ain't fucking keep it moving ma [Prodigy] Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow they shot 'em in their cars I wish I was there, I would of shot back all em' They fire return fire put it right back on em' Sacrafice myself for you no problem, (no problem) In the flames I burn for my niggaz thats gone And the niggaz that took the hits on my niggaz you been warned P's not the one, Hav not the one You try to run up on us We already bustin' the guns (chorus) [Biggie] They'll be nothin but smooth sailing (talk to em) When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (yall don't know what beef is) All I got is heat and tough talk for you Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you Man this is straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya (c'mon) A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Cristopher (yea, chris) Watch me set it off like Vivica (c'mon thats right) Here lies your demise, close your eyes (close your eyes) Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen (damn) It's bad cause I just begun What make the shit real bad I was havin fun (hahaha) (chorus) [Diddy] Attention MCs........Attention MCs Beef doesnt happen on records Beef does not happen on records You don't know what beef is, (you don't know what beef is) You don't want no beef you fuckin fake studio ass gangsta rapping motherfuckers!, (c'mon man) Fuck outta here!, (fuck outta here) Beef is B.I.G. not being here, (b.i.g. we miss you) Beef is your love ones not being here, (we miss you) Beef is every so-called ghetto superstar that rose to the top and dropped just as quickly, (thats beef) On some bullshit What's beef 2006? What's beef (that's beef) Yall motherfuckers don't know what beef is, (that's beef) Fuck all yall (bitches) Bad Boy Bitch we still here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Akon, Big Gee, Scarface Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Hustler's Story Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Akon] Akon and B.I.G. yea [Notorious B.I.G.] Niggaz talkin' it but ain't livin' it Crystal pops I'm sippin' it, mob hats and lizard shit 'Gator trunks bitch, rollin' blunts with the williest of the willy Heckler Koch, M-1's and nine millies Stories like a motherfucker Model bitches wondering if I'm a fuck with her She know I treats my bitches like Ivana Dolce and Gabana dippin' Big Poppa never slippin' H-class diamonds shinin' Dinner with the wifey winin', dinin' Smoking cigars in Bogota With Colombian niggas named Panama And Englique and shit Games we play life endin' Bitches bending over with ease For a pair of Moschino jeans And Donna Karan tank tops I got your bank stopped Singles on top Benjamins Under the rest of 'em Advancin' From duplex to mansion Stashing keys hidin' G's overseas VCR's in my V's Game elevates, money I make Gets your stocks and real estates, bitch Jet skiing in the Caribean, white sands Discusing plans with my mans Dark blue land, smoke tint chrome rims and system That leaves your rear views tremblin' What you gonna do when poppa catch an attitude? Drop to your knees and show gratitude Kiss my rings it's a Frank White thing I stay potent Bitch is devoted, take my dick and deep throat it [Chorus: Akon] Eternal sunshine in this elevated world of mine Looking for this hour glass of time Trying to find my purpose on this grand design Is there anybody out there living? 4-5-6 is on the streets, they shootin Is there any money out there for me? You just listen to this husler's story [Big Gee] Picture me, a product of these Scared lost, don't know what I'm suppose to be Shit cost, money never came to me When shit short, I suffered unshamelously The lord humble niggaz 'specially if they act like They too big for they draw when they stacks right Think I'm bullshittin? A bunch of niggaz back like Right back hungry, stacks gone, they forgot price I know a nigga sold his soul for a nickel rock I know some hold for the 'dro, we can't hit the cop I know a nigga workin 9-5 Been on 15 years, ain't got a car to drive I know some nigga wanna act hard, flicks pitch Fake jack boys, can't rob, get killed Got kin folk backyard big whips Escart that lift my homeboy this year [Akon] Akon While B.I.G. sittin up with Englique I'm on the coastline politican wit Jose We got the birds flyin in the coupe all day Tryin to find a new way to smugglin pure yay' We bout our business, ain't know small time fees If you ain't growin the 'caine then we ain't gon' meet See I'm the one when things get deep And my Africans will put yo' main man to sleep, now And Mexico far from the block Tryin to figure out how many glocks to a box, now Sellin arms as well as rocks in my socks If you could show me the money, here's the ki's to the lock, now Hey, you know the streets is my territory Ain't scared of nothin, let you fear it for me Hey, whether win, lose or draw Believe that death is waitin for all [Scarface] Face Mob in the buildin (Uh huh) Niggaz is quick to chop rocks and hot hands Make a break for it, get away for it, that was the plan (but) So the whole time, I been plottin on his man Caught him slippin and sleepin, I hit his ass wit the can, and Here's somethin that you can't understand How can one be so cold and snatch a nigga's soul? (Damn) I'm on some get back shit, there comes a time In every man's mind when it's deeper than dollar signs I been on the grind, got homies doin time Behind niggaz actin like bitches and bitches droppin dimes I'm duckin indicters, pussy just wet and wise Niggaz just ain't tellin, no, they know we let it slide But nah, we gotta ride and we gotta die So if you catch up to his ass before I catch him, give him mine The rats one thing a real nigga here dispise I'm a five K one killa, I set his ass on fire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Slim Thug, T.I. Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Breakin' Old Habits Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com [T.I.] Hey what it is pimpin Slim Thug and T.I.P. doing it B.I.G with B.I.G (yea a ye yeaah..) Ya understand what I'm saying (hey..) P.S.C. pimpin! Y'all already know what it is man, its a bad boy thing man grand hustle collaboration, Y'all already know man Boss Hog whats happening (hey..) A-Town pimpin! [Slim Thug] Slim Thugga! I roll straped glock 40 in my lap I rap but still think like I'm grinding in the trap Trying to adapt to the change from the streets to the game Can't be selling CD's and still selling dem thangs Cause snitches drop names and bring alot of problems And putting somthing in they head the only way you gonna solve em' Jackas stay plotting watching your every move And the minute you snooze will be the minute you lose, dude Thats the rules so I cruise with the tools To fix the damn fools that think I'm slipping with my jewels Breakin old habits so hard to do Thats why you see me on the same block with the same crew And everybody sitting fat living good And I'm the only nigga that be rapping in my hood I was raised by the hustlas, and ganged by the G's And taught by the bosses how to stack that cheese [T.I.] [Chorus] You got rich and G shit is still a part of you Cause breakin old habits so hard to do You still watch for the haters and the robbing crew Cause breakin old habits so hard to do When on shot that nigga like I started to Cause breakin old habits so hard to do Fresh out the dealership crackin open cigars in the coupe Man cause breakin old habits so hard to do [Biggie] Damn it feel good to see people up on it Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it My brain is haunted, with mean dreams GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer than Richie, quickly, niggaz wanna hit me If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit in my circumfrence, mad bitches, with mad lucci Bulletproof vestes under they coochie Spittin my uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggas represent Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin bent And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies I be smokin trees in Belize when they find me While you still killin niggas with punany, like Connie and Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw, you on the floor with the virus While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke Got lawyers watchin lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it Them country niggaz call me Frank White I'm squirtin off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight Sunrise open my eyes no surprise Got my shorty flying in with keys taped to her thighs With all the utensils, who hang my china thing She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rentals [T.I.] I used to drive a Chevy Monte-Carlo, bricks of blow all in it I was taught to sell the shit, you put your nose all in it Let my bitch drive the Benz but the Rolls off limits How you call yourself pimpin, with hos all in your buisness What it is, the music business or the streets make a decision I do this in my sleep, and you way out your division pimp This game we play for keeps, and the rules remain hidden This ain't a place for lames and that snitching shit is forbidden After sitting in the kitchen and whipping with hopes of getting back All that off a brick to go blow it, so it even 50 stacks And now I'm sitting back, thinking about a time When a nigga get a 100 g's, think he went down But now look for loyalty in the game, it ain't there And things ain't the same they changed it ain't fair Real niggas dead, doing their time and ain't here You commit the same crime and come home the same year The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Missy Elliott Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Ultimate Rush Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [Intro: Missy] + (B.I.G.) Uh (uh) Come on (uh) It goes B to the I to the G so proper Missy and Big Poppa (Check it out) Call us chief knockers [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.] Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja Sensimilla, can I feel ya All I wanna do is touch ya The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby [Missy] Don't you know I'm the ultimate? To get this nookie, be fortunate Just like tastin pussy with pork in it People stop when I'm walkin in, I'm twist-in twistin 'em Back on ten, I'm talkin 'bout like when Mase come back again My ski's is immaculate, my paper stackin keep trackin I'm mackin yo slackin, reaction makes ya'll dicks grin I'm mo' better than gold diggers with figures Mo' bigger than Jigga's and even Paris Hilton's Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none Sent amilia, all you wanna do is sniff me The ultimate rush, get high baby Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines, me one, give you none Sent amilia, all you wanna do is sniff me The ultimate rush, the drugs baby [Chorus 2x] (w/ Biggie ad-libs) [Biggie] Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love with 'em Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business [Missy] I like the kind of whine and dine, who grindin all the time Yo ex girl was a fly, but now lucked up on a dime, nigga [Biggie] What is it with you, all you wanna do is lay around And stay around and get mad when I play around [Missy] I like to lay never work, put your money in my purse To the mall, I go search matchin shoes for my skirt [Biggie] Tuesday I saw you on the zee, but you still wanna get wit me Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say [Missy] Me and my friends got your Benz, attractin mens And spendin dividends, blowin like the wind [Chorus 2x] (w/ Biggie ad-libs) [Biggie] So I guess you think I'm slippin cause I ain't flippin Baby, I'm Big Poppa, ain't no need to be trippin [Missy] I ain't trippin nor flippin, I'm just liquor sippin At the bar, tippin wit your money, can you pay the difference? [Biggie] It seems like it's a waiste of time, that's why I wrote the rhyme I hear you jump in every car, except for mines [Missy] Nigga, I don't jump in cars, I'm a super star Face way to flaw, you should hang me on your wall [Biggie] All I do all day is drink Tanqueray Thinking of a way to put a smile on your face [Missy] Make me smile, see them teeth, me look cute down to them features My waste, my physique, me don't want freak-a-leek [Biggie] Should I wine and dine? You put ring on your fingers While sex from the next man in the bedroom lingers [Missy] Sex will never linger, hold up, put up the blinkers I flow just like sprinklers, give yo ass the middle finger [Biggie] You better slow your role baby, you ain't got enough dough to pay me You know the pin number, just page me when you will baby [Chorus 2x] (w/ Missy ad-libs) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Charlie Wilson, R. Kelly Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Mi Casa Typed by: dynamite9383@yahoo.com [R. Kelly] New York to Chi Perfect combination Kells, Biggie {Harmonizing} [Notorious B.I.G.] You see, I don't sweat these hoes I keep 'em in flavors like Timbos and Girbauds Bitches just like to play the merry-go [Yeah we know, drop the scenario] It was me, Dee, the MPV The blunts and brew thang, knockin' some Wu-tang M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp Needless to speak, the Gee's obsolete Don't sleep! Banged the skins in a week On the creep up the avenue I seen her on the block, who she rappin' to? That's my nigga Dee, damn he got Gee Now she fuckin him and fuckin me, see [Chorus: R. Kelly] Mi casa, you casa (Oh) I ain't lookin for no wife, I just wanna give dick to ya (Oh) Hit the club, drink, dance all night wit cha Do the pussy good, I might do anything for ya Girl show me how to work that thing (Wo-oh) You make a motherfucking thug wanna sing (Oh Oh) Baby baby, can't you see? (Whoa) We gon' fuck until six in the mornin (Whoa) [Notorious B.I.G.] Now I play her far like a moon play a star She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star I be cruisin up the block, I be passin her Pimpin hard with the female passenger And the only time I call her to hang Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, schemin on a gang-bang She should've used her intuition Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen She's sayin I dissed her 'cause I'm fuckin her sister A message to the fellas, that really gets 'em pissed, uh But she started that fuckin family She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me? Plus your sister look better than you Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you So break the fuck out like a rash I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit yo' nasty ass [Charlie Wilson] Red bows, stilettos do please Hit fellas to show off yo' booty I'm hangin wit the best of them, sweet If you wanna, I'm a veteran When I show up to the club, it's V-I-P (Oh) When they dressin in the club if it's B.I.G. (Ooh wee) I'm not lookin to find a wife (Find a wife) Just someone to make a friend of mine [R. Kelly] I roll up, the black Impala I'm so high when I walk in the club I see this chick that used to get the dick Now she freakin on the floor, make a nigga reminisce Ah, wanna back in my ride again But I don't want no girlfriend See I just wanna hit it and we can be cool We can do this if you feelin the same way too Come on girl, lets go to my hotel After party all night in my hotel Pop mo', smoke 'dro in my hotel In twenty minutes, girl hit me on my cell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Bob Marley Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Hold Ya Head Typed by: OHHLA.com, ready2die_94@hotmail.com * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Chrous: Bob Marley - sample from "Johnny Was"] Woman hold her head and cry Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died Woman hold her head and cry Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died [Verse 1: Notorious B.I.G.] When I die, fuck it I wanna go to *hell* Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit' the goodie-goodies Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies God will probably have me on some real strict shit No sleepin' all day, no gettin my dick licked Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice All my life I been considered as the worst Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion [Chrous: Bob Marley] Woman hold her head and cry Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died [Verse 2: Notorious B.I.G.] I swear to God I just want to *slit* my wrists and end this bullshit Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red I'm glad I'm *dead*, a worthless fuckin' buddah head The stress is buildin' up, I can't, I can't believe *suicide's* on my fuckin' mind I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me Naw you wouldn't understand You see its kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back Should I die on the train track, like Remo in Beatstreet People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone She knew me and her sister had somethin' goin' on I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes? Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies [Chorus: Bob Marley] Woman hold her head and cry Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died [Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.] I reach my peak, I can't speak, call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak I'm sick of niggaz lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin' Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' (*echoes*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Clipse Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Just a Memory Typed by: clipse_211@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Diddy] Its Bad Boy bitch Scram Jones... the Clipse... B.I.G. Let's go [Biggie] Niggaz in my faction don't like asking questions Strictly gun testing, coke measuring Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito Hitting fanny, spendin chips at Manny's Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats Run up in your crib, wrap you up in your Polo sheets Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease Muah!, may you rest in peace With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours Four-four, and fifty-four draw As my pilot, steers my Leer Yes my dear shit's official, only the Feds I fear Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying The kids, the dog, everybody dyin, no lying So don't you get suspicious I'm Big dangerous you're just a Likkle Vicious As I leave my competition, respirator style Climb the ladder to success, escalator style Hold y'all breath, I told y'all, death controls y'all Big don't fold y'all, (big don't fold y'all) I spit phrases that'll thrill you, (thrill you) You're nobody till somebody kills you (I don't wanna die) [Biggie] (chorus) Do you know where your going too Just a memory...everybody dying When I throw my clip in the AK May you rest in peace Your nobody till somebody kills you Do you know where your goin too Just a memory...so you better pack a pistol Everybody dying, death controls y'all Your nobody till somebody kills you [Pusha T] Label limbo, I treat it like the wind blows My back don't bend, see papi is my kenfolk Spin out the work, as if its on a ten spoke Soul benefactor the benz, he made the rims poke Trust me they can't touch P, in one touchie Turn drop-head coupe to dune-buggy Admire the verses, their inspired by the hearses That carried my niggaz, and had the church mothers cursing Imagine the glamour that comes out the flow Of a nigga who still play in the snow like Santa The wrist is rushing, my ears is blushing And the diamonds in my chain, big as grandma's buttons, (yes!) On the flipside, the steel I'm gripping You thought all the floss had me slipping? Think again, blink again let me know that your bluffing Lead give permanent concussion, your nothing (chorus) [Malice] Ha ha ha ha ha check out the fisad On the face of rap, so we gon raise the bar A mil on the crib, mean a quarter on the car Bentley coupe another short of the arnage Even as a youth I was laudering the stoop Underneath the nose, and the Feds had no clue I was pushing keys in a V with no roof Rich, black, two big guns and no coof Things at the label, well they tend to get unstable And that pretty much leave Malice at the table Or over the stove with the flame to the ladle Because Im a provider as long as I am able This here hughe the most foolish of blues When I tell my mom the price She damn near sent me to my room It's the M-A-L-I-C-I-O-U-S You don't wanna try nigga, you next uhh (chorus) [Diddy] Biggie Duets... Born Again... Life After Death... Legacy lives on..and on, and on These motherfuckers still can't see you BIG shit you ain't even here.. Motherfuckers better step their game up.. Greatest of all time, Greatest of all time! Motherfuckers... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Korn Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Wake Up Typed by: RedFzn@aol.com {*Korn electric guitar plays until 0:33*} [Notorious B.I.G.] What you expected from his next of kin I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin The lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop and my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake [Korn] + (Notorious B.I.G.) I'm here, I'm watching you (if I should die before I wake) Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (if I should die before I wake) This, can be, reality (if I should die before I wake) Wake, up, my dead face I see (if I should die before I wake) My dead face I see, my dead face I SEE!! {*Korn electric guitar w/ indistinct shouting*} [Notorious B.I.G.] On your mark, get set, when I spark you're wet Look how dark it get when you're marked wit death Should I, start your breath or should I let you die If he start to cry, ask why? Lyrically, I'm worshipped, don't front, the word's sick You cursed it, but rehearsed it I drop unexpectedly like bird shit You herbs get, stomped quickly for raw T's and show money Don't forget the publishin, I'm punishin I'm done wit them, son I'm surprised you run wit them I think they got cumin, cause they nothin but bitch Tryna blow up like nitro wit dynamite sticks Mad I smoke, but yo I rock diamonds that's sick Got paper off my flow, ride wit my own click Take chicks to Cairo, layin wit yo' bitch I know you playin you was rich Fuck you prick, when I see you I'ma.. [Korn] + (Notorious B.I.G.) I am here, I'm watching you (when I see you I'ma..) Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (when I see you I'ma..) This, can be, reality (when I see you I'ma..) Wake, up, my dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..) My dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..), my dead face I SEE!! {*Korn electric guitar w/ rock-n-roll singing 'til end*} [Notorious B.I.G.] When I see you I'ma.. when I see you I'ma.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Ja Rule, Ralph Tresvant Album: Greatest Hits Song: Want That Old Thing Back Typed by: popcornplayer930@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Uh yeah, Bad Boy baby Biggie Smalls Listen... [Singing] Uh yeah baby oooooooh, listen to me, oh yeaaaah [Notorious B.I.G.] When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder You know the ep along by James Todd Smith I get swift with the lyrical gift Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans I'm in thirteens, know what I mean I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter Skinny or fat or boy-skinned or black, baby I drop These boricua mommies screamin "Ay papi!" I love it when they call me Big Poppa I only smoke blunts if they rolled propa Look, I gotcha caught up in the drunk flow Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo' For niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me A big black motherfucker with G ya see All I do is separate the game from the truth Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia Gettin Physical like Olivia Newt Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed Even if your new man's a certified mack You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back What you wanna do? I got that old thing back What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel What you be, where you are You wouldn't start [Ja Rule] Bitches screamin they want That old thing back Like B I Double G I E Wit some new R-U-L-E Notorious known to bustin in ya E-Y-E, baby baby! Bitches know they love and hate me I come, you come, we come, with back some maybe How close we came to come the ghetto is crazy How come you ain't, ?? semi your faces When I come you be cryin like I'm killin ya bitches Knows when picture in the camera rollin Cause I only be knowin how the shit's unfolded Back shots to the rear, got the mac unloaded Got a reload, like every so often You sayin I got my swagger back I'm lookin like bitch, my swagger never left It's so hard pressed, to be impressed by these new rappers They actors, and the fact is, you want that old thing back Shit... [Notorious B.I.G.] Is my mind playin tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick Willie D, havin nightmares of girls killin me She mad because what we had didn't last I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E and J and ginger ale The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins Another hon's in the crib, please send her in I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot But lickin clits had to stop Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below Peep the funk flow, really though I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit I mean the spandex and hit my man next Sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker I don't chase em, I replace em and if I'm caressin em, I'm undressin em Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York For fillin fantasies without that nigga Mr. Walk Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick And when I'm done I got to split shit Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin for an intermission Fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, I ain't frontin They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin, all of a sudden [Outro] Biggie Smalls P. Diddy y'all Bad Boy for life Once again going to the top baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ Busta Rhymes, Fabolous, Foxy Brown, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg Album: Greatest Hits Song: Running Your Mouth Typed by: popcornplayer930@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Notorious B.I.G.] Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? 1, 2, 3, and... [Fabolous] Now they say you ain't never suppose to envy no man Can't tell that to a dingy old man Who see a young nigga getting plently dough man Icy Audemar, hendy gold band With a mean girl like Lindsay Lohan That's why I keep the 9 in the Bently door pan Trust it's gon' bust you roll on us Know it's gon' blow for my dough Why would you try with that guy Scene told you he keep it G We can bang like the two chains on my neck The hood is Iraq I'm Hussein in the 'jects The coup's up take the new Lame for a sec 12" up, new cane in the deck nigga Right now with a squeezer in a coozie And I'm goin out like Keyshia with the uzzi They talk about it, we all about it They making plans, we sit and counting Our cheddar stack it's just like a mountain You heard about it cause she running her mouth She want's to ride, and she's trying to hide it I'm cool as ever, she's too excited Her man look like, he want to fight But he ain't doing nothing, but running his mouth [Notorious B.I.G.] Fuck around and feel the fury of a high nigga When I get busy throw your hands in the sky nigga I got the illest of the ill mentality, niggas be grabbing me Knowing that they'd rather be stabbing me All up in my back trying to take my track When I used to sell crack I ain't had problems like that Street rules, watch your pockets and your jewels A nigga front, throw the gat to the fool Next who wanna move is getting blasted Streets to a flows from the ill ghetto bastard As I release masterpieces like adhesive Stuck to your ass, like tissue when your wiping fast MC's have a hard time believing I +Marked For Death+, +Hard to Kill+ like Steven When Jake come I'm leaving, the black man's motto You got a better chance playing lotto What you want nigga? [Busta Rhymes] Ah, Yo Now watch me dip-dip-di-dive all over the beat Now watch me drip-drip-dri-di all over the street The general consensus is you'll be the dominating fleet Bitch raw, and let me continue to bring the heat You know who been the kings of the block, the kings of the drops The kings of the crap music and the kings of the cross Niggas fire then drop shit like the purest of powder That's why most of these niggas little song be sounding like ours Couple years ago, niggas probably thought I was dieing Now same niggas are idolizing put our face in the shrine Yeah I took a little time to cook and show you what's really hot How the fuck any of you niggas think you feeling my spot Why you niggas getting mad at us, we shit on your floors All in your house nigga, our strategies is different from yours Listen, you come you can do it while I continue to preach Snoop, Fab, Big and Bust of the stand if you can't reach Uhhh, uhhh Fox then B.I.G. Who fucking with Fox, who want it with I Bust a shot for me and Big from the villfredo sky Got my joan fross shit on, hop off my dick Canary bangle-round I ain't gon' 20 carrots on this bitch Pull up the Phantom, show 'em how we switch From the Bentley blinds spur kill 'em with the six Bedstuy what up y'all, what up with your girl How she leave dude broke tell them boys on work I'm in the G5 jedi, Brooklyn what's your chrome Cause that niggas lieing home if the tutti with the dead-eye My nigga Neck got hit up in his truck On Nastrand Ave, ain't the same since Homo got touched Nasty with the pistol, nasty with the clit See I'm a beast with it, fucking 'til I'm crippled Ill Na Na - squeezing the lhama Bog roll dutty, Foxy and Poppa [Snoop Dogg] Run for your gun you suckers B.I.G. I'm a get them motherfuckers Don't you worry about a thing, bang-bang-boogie I got a few chickens that's gon' work that noogie In the ' Lac with a sack go and put it on the mat What it do nephew (Where Brooklyn at?) Uh, turning it out, run in your house Gun in your mouth, motherfucker quit running your mouth What you really want from a nigga?... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: 1993 Bad Boy Promotional Song: Just Playin' (R&B Bitches) Typed by: OHHLA.com As I sit back relax puff a blunt/sip a Becks think about the sexy singers that I wanna sex I'd probably go to jail  for fuckin Patti Labelle oooh Regina Belle, she'd probably do me swell Jasmine Guy was fly Mariah Carey's kinda scary wait a miniute what about my honey Mary the jeans they fittin like a glove i had a crush on you since Real Love hold your horses Ima show ya who the boss of intercourse is sex Im takin no losses even groups like SWV and TLC cant see B.I.G. wit telepathy the recipe of picture hardcore wit a gun pimpin aint easy but it's always fun when I bust my nut I bust em one by one so whats the 4-1-1 hun Chorus(repeat *4) Dreams of fuckin an R&B bitch Im jus playin/know what Im sayin I'll put Chante Moore pussy in stitches I'll fuck Rupaul.. before I fuck them ugly ass X-scape bitches you can 76 the 69...try 68 did Raven Simone called date rape only cuz Im paid/Im fuckin all of Jade and my Dj Zhane she likes it when they say everybody..move your body got Whitney Houson boostin from Bobby as I bus your cherry yo face lookin scarry backshots to Chaka..I know that pussy hairry Sade...ooooh I know that pussy tight spiked Tina Turner give her flashbacks of Ike smoke the bones/me gettin them red Im doin all of dem jimmy hats for Patra  Im usin all of them (what about Toni Braxton) if that bitch give me action... Guaranteed Satisfaction Chorus repeat * 4 ....outro of Biggie talkin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ The L.O.X., Puff Daddy Album: Fall '96 Bad Boy Promotional Tape Song: You'll See Typed by: ryewalt@hotmail.com [Intro: Puff Daddy] (Don't stop, I'm not finished yet [8x]) Do you ever ask yourself, when are they ever gonna stop? Do you ever ask yourself, when are they gonna stop making those hits? Do you ever ask yourself, when are they gonna stop making us dance? Do you ever ask yourself, When those Bad Boy are GONNA STOP MAKING ALL THIS MONEY?! [Verse One: Styles Paniro] I lick shots at intruders Take the coke money and invest in computers Tryin' to reach the next level, Rolex with the ice bezel Coming through the ghetto, in a Porsche Carrero But for now I'll play the back of the cruiser Light another sack for the three time losers Pour out some beer, bust out the ruger Ladies and gentleman Bullets will leave you tremblin, shooken up I got my cuban mommy cooking up We got it all from Heron to Fishscale New York to Ismail get locked, I'm gettin' bail My style is flashy like a fiver strobes Going around the globe, hunnies wearing silk robes Time to flip the script, bust the whip Legend with the chip, dark blue with my trunk dipped To the feds, catch me if you can I'm a still transport with my man on the Peter Pan Get there and bury the bricks in the sand They think I want a tan, I'm sittin' on a hundred grand So I can hit the boat and take a shower Head back to the airport, and hide the money in the tower Stack blocks by the keys L to the O to the X you'll see [Chorus: Puff Daddy] Bad Boy, Bad Boy, what you gonna do What you gonna do when they come for you (Gun cocking) You'll see, (gun cocking) you'll se [2x] [Interlude: Puff Daddy] See, it's 1996 man, And we gonna do the same thing to you we did to you in '95 We gonna keep hittin' you in your head with all that FLAAAAAAAAAVVAAAAAAAAA [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Yeah aight then, you better act like you know L to the O, X amount the flows Ain't nothin' change but the range since I got the inf. Dot on your head, take all your strength Yeah, I'm in it for the green I'll get up in your seam while I'm sonning you like a nigga from Queens My tape in your duel cassette running me Tryin' to get in front of me playa, but you ain't gettin' none of me Better off gunnin' me, with hot slugs numbing me 'Cause you and I both know, the flow is coming B When you want it? now or later? I get mine and slide like a fresh pair of 'gators With my mega click, involved in Montega bricks Niggaz is mega sick, and you know we roll mega thick Up north where they bust your man In the custom van, interrupt your plans Now it's back to grams, DAMN, ain't that somethin' All that for frontin', what you gonna do? nothin' So let's keep things rationalized Everything I write better nationalize I'm into gettin' money, twistin' hunnies Niggaz is buyin' coupes while you on the stoop lookin' funny I'm a scorer, shorty love the whole aura Pussy wasn't all that, that's why I never called her It's all about quick whips and fast knicks Gats with mad clips, TV's in your whips My style tight like Gotti when I touch you Seasoned Picatti, or Versace joints with the buckle Get the facts, I'm tryin' to get the Beamer with the hatch Cop one for my man, so ill shits match Runnin' around all crazy twistin' hunnies back And breakin' niggaz that come to gamble with small stacks Really though, screw y'all, I never knew y'all Your click be like yellow lights, I'm runnin' through y'all [Verse Three: Sheek Luchion] Yo, hard as it is to make a buck I ain't tryin' to get stuck So I'm a keep handlin' beef like I don't give a fuck It's all about respect Tek-9's and papes Big house in Italy, in the yard with hunnies crushin' grapes So I go down to my steam room and give a long prayer Knowing that one day I'll be Sheek Luchion the mayor Fatigued out in my house or office Blunt spots and crooked cops can't grow shit so the town supports this (Uh-hun) My staff rollin' in Jags, Cruisers, and Coupes Givin' rallies, and holdin' parades for the lifers groups Now what you gon' do? When they come for you The same thing you been doing Eye screwing And bubble gum chewing (whoooh) While me and my mans are pursuin' Who you think the ladies are enhancin' Rocking Vansons I'm dancing in the mansion So cheers to life of the ice in your chains and your watches And you'll see how wo lock this [Verse Four: The Notorious B.I.G.] Click, click, uh, uh, uh Niggaz talkin' it but ain't livin' it Crystal pops I'm sippin' it, mob hats and lizard shit 'Gator trunks bitch, rollin' blunts with the williest of the willy Heckler Koch, M-1's and nine millies Stories like a motherfucker (that's right) Model bitches wondering if I'm a fuck with her She know I treats my bitches like Ivana Dolce and Gabana Dippin' Big poppa never slippin' H-class diamonds shinin' Dinner with the wifey winin', dinin' Smoking cigars in Bogota With Colombian niggaz named Panama And Englique and shit Games we play life endin' Bitches bending over with ease For a pair of Moschino jeans And Donna Karan tank tops I got your bank stopped Singles on top Benjamins Under the rest of 'em Advancin' >From duplex to mansion Stashing keys hidin' G's overseas VCR's in my V's Game elevates, money I make Gets your stocks and real estates, bitch Jet skiing in the Caribean, white sands Discusing plans with my mans Dark blue land, smoke tint chrome rims and system That leaves your rear views tremblin' What you gonna do when poppa catch an attitude Drop to your knees and show gratitude Kiss my rings it's a Frank White thing I stay potent Bitch is devoted, take my dick and deep throat it [Outro] You'll see (Don't stop), you'll see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, 50 Cent (G-Unit), Lloyd Banks (G-Unit) Album: Bad Boy's 10th Anniversary: The Hits Song: Victory 2004 (Album Version) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [P. Diddy - talking] Ten years Yo the sun don't shine forever But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together Better now than never, business before pleasure P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better? Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight And when you hear somethin, make sure you hear it right Don't make a ass outta yourself by assumin My music keeps you movin, what are you provin? You know that I'm two levels above you baby Hug me baby, I'ma make you love me baby It's ten years and we still runnin this motherfucker [P. Diddy] + (Notorious B.I.G.) Yeah! (one) As we proceed to give you what you need (One, two...) It's all fucked up now What the fuck y'all gonna do now? [50 Cent] + (P. Diddy) Yo, yo, we can't stay alive forever (yeah) So if shit hit the fan then we might as well die together I'm high as ever, more hoes and more cheddar (yeah) G-Unit move around with them pounds and berretas (uh) Yeah faggot, if I want it I'm gon' have it Regardless if it's handed to me or I gotta grab it Don't make a ass outta yourself tryna stop me I'm cocky, rap's "Rocky", nigga you sloppy You know that I'm eight levels above you nigga I'll plug you nigga, I never heard of you nigga, ugly nigga (what y'all gonna do now?) I'm the wrong one to provoke And rattin on niggaz is only gon' leave you smoke So the only thing left now is toast for these cowards (that's right) I got no friends, fuck most of these cowards (that's right) They pop shit 'til we start approachin these cowards While we lay around dollars, they lay around flowers [Notorious B.I.G.] + (P. Diddy) In the Comission, you ask for permission to hit 'em He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him You heard of us, the murderous, most shady Been on the low lately, the feds hate me The son of Satan, they say my killing's too blatant You hesitatin, I'm in your mama crib waitin Duct tapin, your fam destiny lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist (yeah) Francis, M to the iz-H phenominal (uh huh) Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal (yeah) Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars (uh huh) And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes (let's go) Excellence is my presence, never tense Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike (c'mon) Anyone - Tyson, Jordan, Jackson (uh huh, yeah) action, pack guns, ridiculous (ridiculous) And I'm quick to bust, if my ends you touch (uh huh) Kids or girl you touch (say what?), in this world I clutch (c'mon) Two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso (used to call me fatso) Now you call me Castro, my rap flows (yeah) Militant, y'all faggots ain't killin shit Oops Cristal keep spillin shit, you overdid it homes (yeah) You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone Hold hands and say it like me The most shady (most shady), Frankie baby (Frankie baby), fantastic Graphic, tryin to make dough, like "Jurassic" "Park" did, quick to spark kids who start shit (c'mon, say what?) See me, only me (yeah, I see you) The Underboss of this holocaust (let's go) Truly yours, Frank White [Chorus - Busta Rhymes] - w/ ad libs from P. Diddy We got the real live shit from front to back To my people in the world, where the fuck you at? Where my niggaz is at? Where my niggaz is at? Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? [P. Diddy] Aiyyo, it can't stay dark for long (can't stay dark for long) They say its darkest before the dawn Calms before the storm (c'mon) I'm happy Mason Betha's now preachin the Psalms (I see you Mase) And I can see B.I. rockin the Sean John (let's go Big) Yeah right, this is what "Life's After's" like B.I. Frank White, your "Bad Boy For Life" No matter what the public say we gon' prove It ain't another MC that could fill ya shoes Cause Biggie Smalls is the illest Realest my stones the chillest, got homes and villas Overseas and what was me, I found out other MC's been tryin to find ya route (haha) It's ill when MC's used to be on other shit (yeah, c'mon) Took home "Life after Death" and they studied it (that's right) Listened to the double disc (yeah) Now they all spit, like they all legit (c'mon) Frank tell how we did it, go [Notorious B.I.G.] + (P. Diddy) We got the shit, Mac tight, brass knuckles and flashlights (yeah, c'mon) The heaters in the two-seaters, with two midas (uh huh, yeah) Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us P. Diddy run the city, show no pity (that's my name) I'm the witty one (yeah), Frank's the crook from the Brook' (c'mon) Matty broke the neck of your coke connect (say what?) No respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish (uh huh) Shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish (take that) Venice took the loot, escaped, in the Coupe Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Louch Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacin him (Black Rob, I see you) Niggaz step up, with just Mase and 'em (yeah) Placin them in funerals, criminals turned aroused (yeah) The Brick City, nobody come off like P. Diddy (woo) Business wise, I play men Hide money on the Island Cayman (c'mon), y'all just betray men (yeah) You screamin, I position, competition Another day in the life of the Comission [P. Diddy] Oh it ain't over, aiyyo Banks talk to 'em [Lloyd Banks] + (P. Diddy) I got a industry gangstress that argues and steams the reefer (uh huh) And flip when I call her bitch like she Queen Latifah (haha) Now all the vehicles is long enough to stash the streetsweeper (yeah) This shit gon' get uglier than the Master P sneaker I'm slidin through the Ruckers, with Prada on the Chuckers (uh) So the spring break hoes, home from college wanna fuck us (ha) I ain't here to drop knowledge on you suckers (say what?) I'll sick rottweiler's on you fuckers (yeah), cops followin to cuff us Top dollars to discuss this, whole lotta zeros When it comes to paper I blow the soul outta hero (uh huh) I'ma break 'fore I lay on the floor buried besides, every rapper ain't a star, and every plaid ain't Burberry (uh huh) You can't tame Lloyd, I'm smokin by the big screen (yeah) And changin the channel looks like I'm playin the game boy (woo) I know the watch botherin ya vision But reach and I'll put a dot on ya head like it's part of ya religion (yeah) [Chorus] - 4X [P. Diddy - talking over Chorus] Yeah Where you at? Where you at? Where you at? Where you at? I told y'all, ten years from now we'll still be on top We've just begun Thank you ... thank you B.I.G. forever Bad Boy baby You know the rest [Busta Rhymes] Fuck y'all niggaz wanna do? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Brat f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Fa All Y'All 12"/Bad Boys soundtrack Song: Dirty B Side  Typed by: g-gomez@edmail.com Intro: Jermaine Dupri B Side, B side, ha, check it So So Def ... Bad Boy ... collaboration The Notorious BIG in the house We got Da Brat in the house And me, y'all know who I be Check it ... I got that shit all you niggas just love to ride to Funk for your trunk is what I provide you So slide through your hood with me in your deck Cause your correct way to get your groove on FLOMPS And I paid the costs to be the boss as a kid Fucked around and made some shit you can't fuck with They thought luck did it, but it didn't cause I'm back again Back with the Big and my new-found friend [Da Brat] Sliding in from the front, never way behind Niggas wonder how I came with this style of mine Remain in your seats as I release the clip into yo' hip Brat and Biggie Smalls... [Nortorious B.I.G.] Aw, shit!  On top of all that, I'm so, so remarkable, Flow to make you motherfuckers know Ain't an MC coming close to touch Bitches I like to fuck, guns I like to bust, so... Chorus (2x): Manuel Seal Lay on back, light up the blunts As we give you motherfuckers just what you want [Notorious B.I.G.] I never knew, niggas had a clue  On who was the king of the street More deep than a Range Rover jeep, guns under the seat And my nigga just came home from work, release  Cristal in my lap, chronic in the air (Brat: Nigga, pass that shit like you just don't care) Yeah, you on my shit list, Biggie burns spliffs when I'm pissed, release the Rolex from your wrist Nigga, no human being, Korean or European be seein' what Big be seein', I leave 'em peein' in they draws, because Biggie Smalls  Is far from weak -- Brat-tat-tat, please speak ...  (Brat: Nigga, close your eyes, cause you already see  the Notorious B-R-A-T) The raw combination, the destination,  Number one tote a gun with no hestiation Live with the funkdafied cutie pie Gat by the thigh, the Smalls by her side If you fuck with her you got to fuck with me And we'll be rapping at your motherfuckin' eulogy, so ... Chorus Jermaine Dupri: Brat-tat-tat-tat, please speak ... [Da Brat] I got the funk in my pocket, shit stay locked down The nigga you know who represent them platinuim sounds Now baby Biggie, I done heard that Juicy Didn't find nuthin but truth, in the hook B You're pledging to wreck with a notorious nigga ready to die jump in the Benz, took me a little ride round the mountain, broke a left, hit SoSoDef and told the nigga JD I was the one, fuck the rest We Funkdafied, kicking it live Robin Leach teach a nigga how to really survive Whether it be track or blunt, ain't no need to front Got what you need, and I take everything you ever wanted, nigga We comin' mass, his pimpin' ass, his glass is full of Moet The Rolex is bar-bayed, parkade, B to the R-A, T Rolling off swoll on chrome 17 Chorus Outro: Jermaine Dupri Lay back, listen to the B-Side Slide, glide, do whatever you want Get out your lighters We be the rhyme writers Starters ... from the heart of College Park, New York, Chicago ... wherever you wanna go Lightspan Ed-Mail: The free e-mail solution for your school and community. Join today at http://www.edmail.com. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Mister Cee: Best of Biggie Song: Freestyle - Mister Cee Typed by: dallas@gdi.net Yeah You're now entering the mode of the Notorious Biggie Smalls Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique, representing This one going out to Brooklyn Ya'll know what time it is It's going out to all the gangsters,  all the pimps, players, hoes and bitches Ya'll know what time it is So this what I want ya'll to do I want ya'll to grab your Dutch Masters  and ya'll White Owls and ya'll Phillies Umgh, get you a fat sack, pint of Hennessy and lay back Gonna do this one for my man Mister Cee, representing all day, every day And all you other tape niggas and bootleggers, stay in the house Cause Brooklyn got this shit locked down So any time you're ready Mister Cee We gonna get hardcore on these homos Like I said before, Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique, hard-core Uh, representing, Biggie Smalls in the house, uh, check it, uh Biggie Smalls is the wickedest Niggas say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick your dick in this If I was pussy I'd be filled with syphilis Herpes, gonorrhea, climittia, getting rid'a ya Got it locked like the penatentury Niggas mention me for MC execution Who you choosin, the wack MC Or the fat black MC Jack Dempsey will start shaking All it's taking, is some marijuana and I'm making MCs break fast, like flap-jacks and bacon Back spins, the windmills, who's still the gin-drinker Ill-thinker, exploding when the paper hits the ink-ugh Take the Gangster Chronicles, turn to page 6-6-6 Holocost, B.I.G. the merciless Niggas press they luck-and They get a butt-fuckin Straight up the ass Raw dog with the rash And I don't fuck with the condoms The condoms is a problem from the AIDS getting sprayed Diseases, B.I.G. pleases MCs across the seas is just the way, I crush my pray, hey I'm crazy and deranged Blowing niggas out the frame, simple and plain But getting back, to the black rhinoceros of rap B.I.G. took a loss, how preposterous is that, nigga Recognize Notorious Biggie Smalls, '94 Ready To Die Artist: 2Pac, Big Daddy Kane, Notorious B.I.G., Scoob Lover, Shyhiem Album: (Mister Cee's) Best of B.I.G. Song: Live Freestyle 95 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kane]	Where's 2Pac and Biggie Smalls?? *crowd goes nuts* [Scoob]	Yeah, ahhhhhhhhhhhh-ight? (Yeah!) [Scoob]	Keep it goin! [Kane]	Mister Cee.. 	Yo Scoob, you set it off and let's get down for the crown [Scoob]	Let the place.. rock.. that ill shit [Big]	One two.. one two.. one two.. [Scoob]	Brooklyn.. JFK, all my niggaz, Richie, Matt 	Ready to get wreck, ahhhhhhhh-iight? UHHH! 	AWWWWWWWWWWWW SHIT! [Kane]	Go Scoob! [Scoob] Check it, check it, check it, check it This here for the motherfuckin record Here we here we here we go, here we here we go Can I can I can I kick a motherfuckin flow chitty chitty bang bang, I chitty bang bang Motherfuckin niggaz can't hang Well oh no, look at the cloud, it's gonna rain But I don't give a fuck I'm lettin niggaz know they can't hang Don't give me no lip, don't give me no backtalk, yeah break North Don't make me get my gun and blow YOUR MOTHERFUCKIN HEAD OFF Once again, niggaz know my style, GOD DAMMIT unless it's on the cut so give me the mic and watch me slam it Hard like Shaquille, OH you better KNEEL When you see me comin, BIG SCOOB GOT EM RUNNIN Sex when I flex I catch wreck on the world tour with dough in my pockets big like the biscuits, in CB4 Set up a contest, I'm comin, I'm takin the dough They wouldn't pick you even if you had a afro So dont try me, you better walk by me I'll do you like the first part in Menace II Society Like Cypress Hill, yo, I'm INSANE I'll shoot a hole in your toe I'll make you jump like the House of Pain Bang biggy bang biggy bang bang Niggaz can't hang, niggaz can't hang Bang biggy bang biggy bang bang, motherfuckin niggaz can't hang.. [Kane]	Biggie Smalls, why don't you come do it? [Notorious B.I.G.] One two, one two, gonna do it like this WHERE BROOKLYN AT, WHERE BROOKLYN AT WHERE BROOKLYN AT, WHERE BROOKLYN AT We gonna do it like this Anytime you're ready, check it I got seven Mack 11's, about eight 38's Nine 9's, ten mack tens, the shits never ends You can't touch my riches Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches Biggie Smalls; the millionare, the mansion, the yacht The two weed spots, the two hot glocks That's how I got the weed spot I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the lambsbread Little Gotti got the shotty to your body So don't resist, or you might miss Christmas I tote guns, I make number runs I give mc's the runs drippin when I throw my clip in the AK, I slay from far away Everybody hit the D-E-C-K My slow flow's remarkable, peace to Matteo Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniffed the llello That's crazy blunts, mad L's My voice excels from the avenue to jail cells Oh my God, I'm droppin shit like a pigeon I hope you're listenin, smackin babies at they christening [Tupac]	Motherfuckin Biggie Smalls! [Kane]	What you gonna do with it Tupac? [Tupac] Yeah where the motherfuckin thugs at? Throw your motherfuckin middle finger We gonna do this shit like this I thank the Lord for my many blessings, never stressin Keep a vest for protection, from the barrel of a Smith & Wesson And all my niggaz in the pen, here we go again Ain't nuttin separatin us from a mack-10 Born in the ghetto as a hustler, told ya A straight soldier, buckin at the bustaz No matter how you try, niggaz never die We just retaliate with hate, then we multiply You see me strikin down the block, hittin corners Mobbin like a motherfucker, livin like I - wanna And ain't no stoppin at the red lights, I'm sideways Thug Life motherfucker crime, pays! Let the cops put they lights on, chase me nigga Zig zaggin through the freeway, race me nigga In a high speed chase with the law The realest motherfucker that you ever saw [Kane]	Yeah! Come in now man 	Now I wanna see what my man Shyheim gonna do with it [Shyheim] Yo, this goes out to everybody from Staten Island {*ah Mister Cee, and you don't stop*} Yo, times is gettin hard, word is bond, I swear to God I even got caught tryin to steal from the junkyard A born terror, a rebel without a pause I never had a good Christmas, so who is Santa Claus? I walk the streets at night with my head down In this lil town you see clowns that wanna be down So they get a glock and lick shots to get props And when shit rocks all you can hear when the shells drop An old man got shot in the parkin lot In front of my buildin I hang with his grandchildren And for the nigga that pulled the trigga then tried to slide and hide, but he got knocked by the homicide And this happens everyday around my way So I pray that I can live another day [Kane]	This how we gonna do it, hold up Cee, aiyyo, let's try this [Shy]	Staten Island in the motherfuckin house 	Whassup Wu-Tang Clan in here or what? [Kane] Hold up Cee.. Now what's the bullshit niggaz been saying Dont try to act like Martin now with that "I was just playin!" No need to grieve now on, now that the beef is on Uhh!! Oh yeah motherfucker, your teeth is gone Just cause you rap don't meant that you're catchin wreck with me Step to this I'll give your mic a vasectomy I only know one nigga that can come next to me No, that's a tattle, cause I can't count my own shadow A battle, I gots to have it, 'lest you're gonna rob me  like they did, Whittaker when he fought Chavez Cause when it comes to goin against Kane rappin That's like a pimp trying to pull a nun, ain't nuttin happenin Non resistable, non compatible I'm not saying I'm the best, I'm just saying I'm fuckin incredible And let's just get one more thing understood If I fart on a record, trust me nigga, that shit gon' sound good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Mister Cee's Best of B.I.G. Song: Real Niggas Typed by: devoncohen@hotmail.com Bad Boy in the house for the '95 Big shout out to my man Mel Smith, my man Don Cee San in the house  What's up Michelle Ray, what's up boo? [Verse One] Sick of mama screaming that "Get a job, nigga" Pressed to the limit, got to rob me a nigga Simple and plain, my man scooped me in a hooptie Whispered in his ear "This is what we got to do, G" Got to bang a nigga and bang a nigga good So I can cop a Benz and drive the fuck out the hood Cause baby-mama screaming "Your daughter 12 months" Can't live life swinging rocks and smoking blunts Hanging wit the niggas dont pay the bills And being broke and 30 give a nigga the chills So what we gotta do is creep and see a sweet vic Yo, you see that shit? (Hell yeah, I seen that shit) Columbian Dominican, yeah whateva Whoever he was, he had it tucked under the leather Two keys, 20 G's, nigga please, Blew his brains out cause witnesses we don't leave On the road to riches and diamond rings Cause real niggas do real things Hanging wit the niggas is the song I sing Real niggas do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggas do real things Hanging wit the niggas is the song I sing Real niggas do real things [Verse Two] After mad blunts and gin we had the plan made I bought my wifey a crib, I bought the MAFIA a arcade Mad games: pool tables and candy A little extra chicken loot be comin in handy Check it, got on some '95 shit, sold the 5 bought the 6 Delvecc, copped the lex, we was set We no had work all in the projects Niggas slingin O's he kept the profit, no one could stop it We was livin it up All the sexy young bitches ain't stressin givin it up Same bitches suckin dick tryin to dress to thrill me Said the niggaz I killed is out to kill me Soon as she smoked on that note, I saw trenchcoat One had a mac spittin, all I saw was gun smoke The other had a shottie,I was shootin everybody And I wasn't missing had to get out this position Niggas still hitting, feel a hot one in my back Licked six shots, smoked a nigga wit the mac The nigga wit the shottie still busting, cussing Mighty goals and puntas All I'm tryin to do is shoot ya, two shots in the ruger Booh-yeah, blew his ass out Then I passed out (passed out, passed out) On the road to the riches and diamond rings Real niggas do real things Hanging wit the niggas is the song I sing Real niggas do real things On the road to the riches and diamond rings Real niggas do real things Hanging wit the niggas is the song I sing Real niggas do real things Bad Boy in the house, for the '95 peace Real niggas, aight {*Biggie talks to someone about Lil' Cease*} [Verse Three] The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery But the nurses is lovin me Sayingthe best part of the day is my half Feedin me breakfast and givin me a sponge baths Niggas say I died dead in the streets Nigga, I'm getting high getting head on the beach Chillin, sittin on about half a million With all my niggas, all my guns, all my women Next two years, I could see about a billion All for the love of drug dealin Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks Any repurcussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips All the time, Big Poppa kick the raw rhyme Raw flows, and that's how it goes On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggas do real things Hanging wit the niggas is the song I sing Real niggas do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real niggas do real things The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Jermaine Dupri Album: Big Poppa 12" Song: Big Poppa (Jermaine Dupri Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: To all the ladies in the place with style and grace Allow me to lace these lyrical dooches in your bushes Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies The back of the club, sippin' Moet is where you'll find me The back of the club, mackin hoes, my crew's behind me Mad question askin', blunt passin, music blastin' But I just can't quit Cause one of these honies Biggie got to creep with Sleep with, keep the ep a secret why not? Why blow up my spot cause we both got hot Now check it, I got more Mck than Craig and in the bed Believe me sweetie I got enough to feed the needy No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes C'Notes by the layers, true fuckin players Jump in the Rover and come over  tell your friends jump in thje GS3, I got the chronic by the tree Chorus: [ I love it when you call me big pop-pa] x3 Throw your hands in the air, if youse a tru playa To the honies gettin money playin niggas like dummies If you gun up in your waist, don't shoot up the place Cause I see some ladies tonite who should be havin my ba-by, baybee, uh Verse Two: Straight up honey really i'm asking Most of these niggas think they me mackin', but they be acting Who they attractin' with that line "What's your name, what's your sign?" Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind And ask you what your interest are, who you be wit? Things to make you smile, what number to dial You gon' be here for a while, I'm gon' call my crew You go call your crew We can rendezvous at the bar around two or three o' clock, Lil Ceas pull the truck up out the parking lot Roll the blunts cause he like to spark a lot So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly A T-bone steak, cheese eggs, and Welches grape Conversate for a few, cause in a few, we gon' do What we came to do, ain't that right boo( truuuue) Forget the telly, we just go to the crib And watch a MOOVAE In the JUCUZAE, BAY-BAY Chorus Verse Three [Jermaine Dupri] How does a true playa live? [B.I.G.] Nigga, Versace down Donna Karan, Diamonds glarin' Niggaz starin' Now I got my pants draggin In the Benz wagon, Raggin' sippin' D.P. On my way to D.C. The biggest willies Smokin' phillies Tying skunk together Junior M.A.F.I.A. forever Thuggin to say youngin and you knows that I step in where the Mo and the Hoes at, BABY  Niggaz know the better on the Coogi sweater Butter leather , chrome beretta see You know who that nigga be Outro: Jermaine Dupri Shit you ain't know, ha ha, That's the stride for ninety-five Baby Straight up playerlistic mentality You just do your thing, Cause i'm definintley gone do mine And we gon' hook up a lil later and do thing you never heard of Can you feel me? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Dead Wrong Promo 12" Song: Dead Wrong Typed by: Acastro929@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff]	Bad Boy baby [Big]	Yeah.. yeah.. 	Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah.. [Puff]	Yeah.. B.I.G. 2000 	B.I.G. 2000 Born Again.. c'mon.. Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong The weak or the strong, who got it goin on You're dead wrong [Notorious B.I.G.] Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke Throw you in a choke - gun smoke, gun smoke Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer The hooker layer - motherfucker say your prayers Hail Mary full of grace.. smack the bitch in the face; take her Gucci bag and the North Face  off her back, jab her if she act funny with the money oh you got me mistaken honey I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper The Visa, kapeesha? I'm out like, "The Vapors" Who's the one you call Mr. Macho, the head honcho Swift fist like Camacho, I got so much style I should be down wit the Stylistics Make up to break up {*singing in background*} niggaz need to wake up Smell the indonesia; beat you to a seizure Then fuck your moms, hit the skins til amnesia She don't remember shit! Just the two hits! Her hittin the floor, and me hittin the clits! Suckin on the tits! Had the hooker beggin for the dick And your moms ain't ugly love; my dick got rock quick I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown I was "Humpin Around" and "Jump-in Around" Jacked her then I asked her who's the man; she said, "B-I-G" Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo Big, you're dead wrong) Chorus 2X [Notorious B.I.G.] When I get dusted, I like to spread the blood like mustard Trust it, my hardcore rain leaves you rusted Move over Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, huh Leave your toothless, you'll kibbitz, I'll flip it Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the tech G Disrespect me - my potency is deadly I'm shootin babies, no ifs ands or maybes Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy Slit the wrist of little sis After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the icepick because he wanted me to fuck him from the back but Smalls don't get down like that.. (no question) Got your father hidin in a room; fucked him with the broom Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound Who you think you're dealin with? Anybody step into my path is fuckin feelin it! Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy Stab ya til you're gushy, so please don't push.. me I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen The black demon, got the little hookers screamin Because you know I love it young, fresh and green with no hair in between, know what I mean? Chorus (to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ Eminem, Busta Rhymes Album: Dead Wrong 12" (White Label) Song: Dead Wrong (Remix) (Alternate Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Puff Daddy]  Bad Boy baby [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah      Yeah      Junior M.A.F.I.A.      Yeah [Puff Daddy]  Yeah      B.I.G. 2000      B.I.G. 2000 Born Again      Come on Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. & Puff Daddy The weak or the strong Who got it goin' on? You're dead wrong The weak or the strong Who got it goin' on? You're dead wrong [Verse 1: The Notorious B.I.G.] Relax and take notes While I take tokes of the marijuana Smoke Throw you in a choke Gun smoke, gun smoke Biggie Smalls for mayor The rap slayer The hooker layer Motherfucker, say your prayers Hail Mary, full of grace Smack the bitch In the face Take her Gucci bag And her North Face off her back Jab her if she act Funny with the money, oh, you got him mistaken, honey I don't wanna rape ya I just want the paper The Visa Kapeesha? I'm out like "The Vapors" Who's the one you call Mr. Macho The head honcho Swift fist like Cumacho I got so Much style, I should be down with The Stylistics Make up to break up Niggas need to wake up Smell the indonesia Beat you to a seizure Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia She don't remember shit Just the two hits Her hittin' the floor And me hittin' the clits Suckin' on the tits Had the hooker beggin' for the dick And your moms ain't, ugly, love My dick got rock quick I guess I was a combination of House Of Pain and Bobby Brown I was Humpin' Around and Jump-in Around Jacked her, then I asked her, "Who's the man?" She said, "B.I.G." Then I bust in her E-Y-E (Yo B.I.G., you're dead wrong) Repeat Chorus Twice [Verse 2: Eminem] There's several different levels to Devil worshippin': horse's heads Human sacrifices, canibalism, candles and exorcism Animals having sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits But I don't get into that, I kick the habit, I just Beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh And I never eat you unless the fuckin', meat looks fresh I got a lion in my pocket, I'm lyin' I got a nine in my pocket, and baby I'm just Dyin' to cock him He's ready for war I'm ready for war I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw My uzis Heavy as yours, yeah you met me before I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before Marshall will step in the door I lay your head on the floor With your body spread on the bedspread Red on the wall Red on the ceilin', red on the floor, get a new whore Met on the second, wet on the third, then she's dead on the fourth I'm dead wrong Repeat Chorus Twice [Verse 3: Busta Rhymes] How many licks does it take to the center of my Tootsie Roll? (Or) How many nuts to the center of your booty hole? Hold on, shorty, cause I'm about to slap this groupie nigga Jab this fluesy nigga, watch 'em bleed, then shit dookie, nigga Spooky nigga, you gettin' skinny like you Pookie, nigga Blood spill got you laggin' out like that soupie nigga Smoke this Lucy nigga, time passin' on the frank mic Watch 'em dyin' slow, then see ya skin, you start to change color My goons lay the flood, leave you layin', drippin' blood Then ended up fingerfuckin' your mother at a strip club We dead wrong for how we gutter like how in the sudden Fascinated how all of this street shit, we straight mother Fuck it We thug rugged to the tenth power Like B.I.G. was listenin' So Gimme The Loot for the past ten hours Another dick Hear the click of my gun cock Same mentality when I was scheeming on a lunch box Gimme that! Twenty-focused and I'm sorry Campbell I'm taking from you and your wife and run the baby Pamper (What?) Repeat Chorus Til Fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ Busta Rhymes, Fabolous, Foxy Brown, Nate Dogg, Snoop Dogg Album: Greatest Hits Song: Running Your Mouth Typed by: popcornplayer930@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Notorious B.I.G.] Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? 1, 2, 3, and... [Fabolous] Now they say you ain't never suppose to envy no man Can't tell that to a dingy old man Who see a young nigga getting plently dough man Icy Audemar, hendy gold band With a mean girl like Lindsay Lohan That's why I keep the 9 in the Bently door pan Trust it's gon' bust you roll on us Know it's gon' blow for my dough Why would you try with that guy Scene told you he keep it G We can bang like the two chains on my neck The hood is Iraq I'm Hussein in the 'jects The coup's up take the new Lame for a sec 12" up, new cane in the deck nigga Right now with a squeezer in a coozie And I'm goin out like Keyshia with the uzzi They talk about it, we all about it They making plans, we sit and counting Our cheddar stack it's just like a mountain You heard about it cause she running her mouth She want's to ride, and she's trying to hide it I'm cool as ever, she's too excited Her man look like, he want to fight But he ain't doing nothing, but running his mouth [Notorious B.I.G.] Fuck around and feel the fury of a high nigga When I get busy throw your hands in the sky nigga I got the illest of the ill mentality, niggas be grabbing me Knowing that they'd rather be stabbing me All up in my back trying to take my track When I used to sell crack I ain't had problems like that Street rules, watch your pockets and your jewels A nigga front, throw the gat to the fool Next who wanna move is getting blasted Streets to a flows from the ill ghetto bastard As I release masterpieces like adhesive Stuck to your ass, like tissue when your wiping fast MC's have a hard time believing I +Marked For Death+, +Hard to Kill+ like Steven When Jake come I'm leaving, the black man's motto You got a better chance playing lotto What you want nigga? [Busta Rhymes] Ah, Yo Now watch me dip-dip-di-dive all over the beat Now watch me drip-drip-dri-di all over the street The general consensus is you'll be the dominating fleet Bitch raw, and let me continue to bring the heat You know who been the kings of the block, the kings of the drops The kings of the crap music and the kings of the cross Niggas fire then drop shit like the purest of powder That's why most of these niggas little song be sounding like ours Couple years ago, niggas probably thought I was dieing Now same niggas are idolizing put our face in the shrine Yeah I took a little time to cook and show you what's really hot How the fuck any of you niggas think you feeling my spot Why you niggas getting mad at us, we shit on your floors All in your house nigga, our strategies is different from yours Listen, you come you can do it while I continue to preach Snoop, Fab, Big and Bust of the stand if you can't reach Uhhh, uhhh Fox then B.I.G. Who fucking with Fox, who want it with I Bust a shot for me and Big from the villfredo sky Got my joan fross shit on, hop off my dick Canary bangle-round I ain't gon' 20 carrots on this bitch Pull up the Phantom, show 'em how we switch From the Bentley blinds spur kill 'em with the six Bedstuy what up y'all, what up with your girl How she leave dude broke tell them boys on work I'm in the G5 jedi, Brooklyn what's your chrome Cause that niggas lieing home if the tutti with the dead-eye My nigga Neck got hit up in his truck On Nastrand Ave, ain't the same since Homo got touched Nasty with the pistol, nasty with the clit See I'm a beast with it, fucking 'til I'm crippled Ill Na Na - squeezing the lhama Bog roll dutty, Foxy and Poppa [Snoop Dogg] Run for your gun you suckers B.I.G. I'm a get them motherfuckers Don't you worry about a thing, bang-bang-boogie I got a few chickens that's gon' work that noogie In the ' Lac with a sack go and put it on the mat What it do nephew (Where Brooklyn at?) Uh, turning it out, run in your house Gun in your mouth, motherfucker quit running your mouth What you really want from a nigga?... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Ja Rule, Ralph Tresvant Album: Greatest Hits Song: Want That Old Thing Back Typed by: popcornplayer930@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Uh yeah, Bad Boy baby Biggie Smalls Listen... [Singing] Uh yeah baby oooooooh, listen to me, oh yeaaaah [Notorious B.I.G.] When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the thriller in Manila Honeys call me Bigga the condom filler Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder You know the ep along by James Todd Smith I get swift with the lyrical gift Hit you with the dick, make your kidneys shift Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans I'm in thirteens, know what I mean I fuck around and hit you with the Hennessey dick Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit The next batter, here to shatter your bladder, it doesn't matter Skinny or fat or boy-skinned or black, baby I drop These boricua mommies screamin "Ay papi!" I love it when they call me Big Poppa I only smoke blunts if they rolled propa Look, I gotcha caught up in the drunk flow Fuck tae kwon do, I tote da fo'-fo' For niggaz gettin mad cause they bitch chose me A big black motherfucker with G ya see All I do is separate the game from the truth Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia Gettin Physical like Olivia Newt Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia So gimme a hoe, a bankroll and a bag of weed I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed Even if your new man's a certified mack You'll get that H-town in ya, you'll want that old thing back What you wanna do? I got that old thing back What you wanna see? Baby sing relax and feel What you be, where you are You wouldn't start [Ja Rule] Bitches screamin they want That old thing back Like B I Double G I E Wit some new R-U-L-E Notorious known to bustin in ya E-Y-E, baby baby! Bitches know they love and hate me I come, you come, we come, with back some maybe How close we came to come the ghetto is crazy How come you ain't, ?? semi your faces When I come you be cryin like I'm killin ya bitches Knows when picture in the camera rollin Cause I only be knowin how the shit's unfolded Back shots to the rear, got the mac unloaded Got a reload, like every so often You sayin I got my swagger back I'm lookin like bitch, my swagger never left It's so hard pressed, to be impressed by these new rappers They actors, and the fact is, you want that old thing back Shit... [Notorious B.I.G.] Is my mind playin tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick Willie D, havin nightmares of girls killin me She mad because what we had didn't last I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass Fuck the past let's dwell on the 500 SL, the E and J and ginger ale The way my pockets swell to the rim with Benjamins Another hon's in the crib, please send her in I fuck nonstop, lick my lips alot, used to lick the clits alot But lickin clits had to stop Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below Peep the funk flow, really though I got the cleanest meanest penis, ya never seen this stroke of genius So take off your Tim boots and your bodysuit I mean the spandex and hit my man next Sex gettin rougher when it come to the nut buster Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker I don't chase em, I replace em and if I'm caressin em, I'm undressin em Fuck whatcha heard who's the best in New York For fillin fantasies without that nigga Mr. Walk Or Tattoo I got you wrapped around my dick And when I'm done I got to split shit Back shots is my position, I gotcha wishin for an intermission Fuck the kissin, lickin down to your belly button, I ain't frontin They don't call me B.I.G. for nuttin, all of a sudden [Outro] Biggie Smalls P. Diddy y'all Bad Boy for life Once again going to the top baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: 16 Bars Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * recorded live; some idiot yelling "YO BIGGIE MAN!"   and "GO BIGGIE MAN!" obscured this line - it's not very clear [Big]	Cut that shit off man [Puff]	What you're about to see comin next is [Big]	Rhyme for rhyme (??) [Puff]	The nigga that's represented me [Big]	Rhyme for rhyme [Puff]	in ninety-three [Big]	Let a Bad Boy wreck dog, give it here [Puff]	Give it up for my man [Big]	Give it here [Puff]	You aight Big, give 'em about 16 bars [Big]	Set it off like this [Notorious B.I.G.] All you niggaz better leave the fuckin state, no need to masturbate Fuckin with Biggie, it's time to castrate.. it's clobberin time When I rip rhymes I quench thirsts like Very Fine and I'm still thirsty - niggaz wanna hurt the, six-pack, maniac Coke, tecs, and macs black Check the stacks, what the fuck? I throw uppercuts like Riddick Bowe And I'm wicked with the slow-flow, y'know? I'm pressin hard, I'm leavin creases Cuttin up bodies and talkin to the pieces * If there's beef I'm eatin meatless Touch the bone, hit the dome, Al Capone Get stoned off the blunt when it's filled with the skunk Get drunk, and do a demolition to punk And all chumps, that scream that my shit don't thump They catch lumps and bumps, I'll put a shake in your rump {*crowd screams and goes nuts*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy Album: Nasty Boy 12" / Bad Boy Entertainment Promo Song: Nasty Boy (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: Ksearby@netdex.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com Intro: BIG (Puffy) (Uh-uh, yea) (I want a remix again) (I think I want a remix again) This goes out to my Brooklyn crew (ready Big) Represtin all the freaky bitches Fuck 'em all day and fuck 'em all night We don't love these hoes (I want a remix again, I think I want a remix again) (Bad Boy, 98) You heard me (B.I.G. the greatest, come on) Verse One: BIG (Puffy) Uhh, I go, on and on and on and Don't take her to the crib and let your bone in uh Easy, call em on the phone and Platinum Chanel cologne and I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect If they watch TV in the Lex, they know (they know) They know, quarter past four Left the club tipsy, say no mo' (say no mo) Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow (tomorrow) Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O., uh Back of my mind I hope she swallow (uh-huh) Man She split a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state "You know what you do to me" She starts, "Well but I don't usually" Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt (ow) Step out, show me what you all about (yea) Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South, aoowww (aoowww) Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I squirt Jeans skirt butt-naked it all work Chorus: (Puffy) Nasty (Envision dreams of passion) Going through my mind (And all the while I think of you) Nasty (A sexual reaction) Makes me wanna ride (You nasty girl, you nasty) Verse Two: BIG I remember we, went to Tennessee (uh-huh) Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone Bitch named Symone Screamin, she feenin for the semen Me being the man that I am Took it to her condo, pronto (uh-huh) Half Indian, I called her Tonto Roll the kronk ton in the dark pronto (eh-eh) Few puffs, I got low And off to the bedroom we go *hmm* Sex is drama, head to trauma Rip pajamas I'mma stay to tomorrow Satisfying all my needs twice With some whipped cream, handcuffs and ice The bitch is nice, word is bond Can't wait to put my niggaz on, what, what? Chorus: (Puffy) Nasty (Envision dreams of passion) Going through my mind (And all the while I think of you) Nasty (A sexual reaction) Makes me wanna ride (You nasty girl, you nasty uh) Verse Three: BIG (Puffy) Ladies, my Mercedes Hold four in the back (this is the remix), two if you fat Keep a gat, cause cats (This, Is, the Remix), try to test me They just fans like (Biatch) DeNiro, Wesley Let's see the bitch I'm waiting on Godier jeans look like they painted on Ask thee, leave it up to me Lay her on back ever so gently (yea) She like the way the dope fold up, Rolls roll up Cristal till she throw up, bitch grow up Hold up, there's De Genera Dripped out, iceberg Capero Intro goes without speaking Call me Cease cause I keep em, we can go freakin All weekend, so, roll in Ain't it good that my Lex keeps folding? Uhh (Oww!) Chorus: (Puffy) Nasty (Envision dreams of passion) Going through my mind (And all the while I think of you) Nasty (A sexual reaction) Makes me wanna ride (You nasty girl, you nasty) Outro: BIG (Lady) [Puffy] To all you bitches that wanna fuck with me (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) Freakin you bitches like Jodeci, I (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) If I was dead broke you wouldn't notice me (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) So I think BIG this is how it's supposed to be (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) To all you bitches that wanna fuck with me [Grand Master Flash, the Furious Five] (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) Freakin you bitches like Jodeci, I [yea, I see] (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) If I was dead broke you wouldn't notice me (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) So I think BIG this is how it's supposed to be (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) Artist: Heavy D, Notorious B.I.G., Tru Kula Album: NBA Jam Session Song: Jam Session Typed by: webmaster@notoriousonline.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Ah you hear this? Ada big belly guy I telling be talking By my side is my version Biggie Smalls Ya? (no question, no question) From Brooklyn Ya! (Representing', uhh) Comfortable calling in NBA stars, wiggity wiggity wiggity wiggle wiggity why  Come in Biggie and let them understand [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G. & Heavy D] [Biggie Smalls] Not even Stan the man could withstand the lyrical punch You nibble on my double dribble or alley-oop and monster dunk. (Ah hah, ya heard this?) Dig in the trunk Mark Jackson even Bill Paxton Give me my props at the lyrical waxin (ya heard) [Heavy D] Ya heard, kill the beam cause the heavy one's coming Shot are being blocked and the funky drum is drumming That's one of those set's where ya gotta get wreck or get wrecked  No time flex, Heavy D is on the set, so what's next? [Biggie Smalls] I'm stripping like Scottie Pippen giving the serious butt kicking Breaking bones like Karl Malone yeah I'm flippin'  Or Isaiah, say ya prayer when I step inta your layer Leave the lane clear; I'm welfare like Lambier  [Heavy D] Now in case you didn't know it's a funk flow slide show Hip hop here we go, how did ya know the big belly pro Doing his thing Ting-a-ling-a-ling ting-a-ling-aling I'm the man, yes I am, now watch me jam, who I am? [Chorus x4] Ohh jam, here comes the man hot dam, jam [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. & Heavy D] [Heavy D] This time it ain't the shoes, it ain't the shoes, I swear it's me (Who that?) The H to the E to the A or Y Vesty I slam a dunk bunk I make a funky feel the funk I don't know what it is but I got blue funk inside my dunk [Biggie Smalls] One in the chamber like Chambers,  Getting' that close range like Danny ainge nobody is stranger Than the Biggie Smalls, the Brooklyn thumper With the wicked jumper you like the way I freak the double jumper [Heavy D] Jump shots, jump shots, I got them for days Call me radar; I'm a star I don't miss them far A funky dribbler ball handler rough for a verangular  Giving props there you want cocks and I'm slamming them [Biggie Smalls] Rebounding, Outstanding, no one surrounding I'm screwing and doing like I was Ewing The only one soaring and scoring is Jordan (Ah heh ah heh) He must of had his wheaties this morning [Chorus x4] Ohh jam, here comes the man hot dam, jam [Verse Three: Tru Kula] (Yeah) Hey maa! Pass my kicks with the ill grip, quick Watch it wreck, use the number one draft pick In my district I'm slick with the b-ball Your curious ask the Heavy or the Notorious Biggie, who can check me, can he see me? I'm ghost like the board slave, five coast to coast Cause I'm the dread not the baldhead With the ill vertical, like my man Spud Webb (uh hahaha) Don't push your luck I won't spear chuck a 20-footer Gripping the archive for great sky hook Look, who's that? You never heard of me Ever seen a structure that fits in a jersey Could you flow like the general on the hard wood? To black top courts in ya neighborhood Yo, Biggie's on the low post, heavens to swing man Eh yo, check out the jam [Chorus Fades Out] Ohh jam, here comes the man hot dam, jam [Music fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Notorious Soundtrack Song: Guaranteed Raw (Demo) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Chill Twan, damn man! That nigga Big got somethin to say? Yo Big, what'chu got to say Big? [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah... yeah... Special shoutout to my man MC Homicide and DJ Fatal Twin one and two my man Milk My man Fred Dawg, the O.G.B. crew Y'all know how we flow And I'ma drop it like this y'all Oh what a feeling! Drivin in my four by four Girlies galore, B.I.G. on the door Chrome trimming, with the smoke tint Givin chumps a hit, as I count my mint Stacks of doves, half my mans is C-note All from sayin rhymes that B.I.G. wrote Blunt, I take a toke, but only if it's weed Skunk with no seeds, a sip of Hennessy Pass to D, or maybe movin solo Never with a skeezer by my side, that's a no-no Tell me I ain't the flyest nigga that you ever saw Live in action, guaranteed RAW~! "Who's coming through? Y'all know who!" Bed-Stuy Brooklyn where this rapper was originated Your rhymes ain't shit; they must be constipated Many awaited, the heavyset brother from Fulton Street to drop a rhyme to a funky beat Expellin MC's as if I was at Sarah J Or boys and girls at any school around the way Opponents, pupils, but I'm the principal Hard to beat, damn near invincible Niggaz wanna know, how I live the mack life Makin money smokin mics like crack pipes Flippin bombs, stayin calm, givin my people my palm and sayin rhymes to set off the alarm! Yes it's me, the B.I.G. Competition ripper ever since 13 Used to steal clothes was considered a thief Until I started hustlin on Fulton Street Makin loot, knockin boots on the regular Pass the microphone I'm the perfect competitor Jewels and all that, my clothes is all that Chumps steppin to me, that's where they took a FALL at! B.I.G. without burner, that's unheard of I stay close to mine like Tina on Turner Quick to smother, a punk motherfucker Undercover, word to mother, I'm above ya And I love ya, cause you're a sweet bitch A crazy crab, you might make my dick itch I flow looser than Luther, words ya get used ta B.I.G. is a born, trooper Like ice cream I scoop ya, my music you wanna get loose ta Stay pimp, and I'm not a booster So what'cha got to say? This mackin word is bond There's no other assumption, I got it goin on I'm not conceited, my friends tell me this Even my mother, be noddin her head to this Makes her proud to see her one son get loud Flip on a sucker, and bow to the crowd Drink a little Hennessy, smoke a blunt or 2 or 3 or 4 Live in action, guaranteed RAW Round two the rhyme regulator here to roast ya As ya follow this yeah, I gave a toast to ya crew See, they popped on ya like a kernel You didn't realize that the beef was eternal Internal injury that's what you're soon to see B.I.G. keep company Sometimes in my waist, if they come opponent Run upstairs, change my skimmer and my coat and I'm floatin, to your punk part of town Anybody frontin, they better duck down Don't get mad cause I grazed ya You jumped in that 4-door Blazer, quick I couldn't get a good hit Shit, I was aimin for the melon But the kick of my three-pound auto there's no tellin Drink a little Hennessy, smoke a blunt or 2 or 3 or 4 Live in action, guaranteed RAW And you don't stop, and you don't stop You keep on To my man Milk, and Thai Like I said before the whole O.G.B. is in full effect [Outro] Most definitely Sent a shout on To the freestyle Born Allah Yeah that bum-ass nigga from Avenue Q (Yeah yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Notorious Soundtrack Song: Love No Ho (Demo) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yo Bigs man, what's wrong man? You look like you got problems man [Notorious B.I.G.] Hey yo man, pssh man It's this fuckin BITCH man~! Shit I know I ain't 'sposed to have no feelings for these hoes out here man, but This bitch on the back of my mind man (word?) Yeah man... done wrote a rhyme 'bout the bitch man (Let me hear it) Want me to drop the drama kid? (Yeah) Yeah, dedicatin this to you man Cause my man 50 Gran' told me straight up and down man I ain't 'sposed to love no ho Knahmsayin? I tried to tell her 50 I got three rules in life I'm not to be played with, played on or played out I'ma drop it like dis [Verse One] Lyin in my bed, I'm lookin at four walls Echo in my head sayin I got a lot of gall Grippin my cap, my pen in my teeth Thinkin what this ho said, she called me a thief She said I stole her heart, and didn't leave a trace I told her I was sorry and she said get out my face Walked out my door with my Walkman in my pocket Playin "Love Is a House," and thinkin how she jocked it when she had the key, to open up my door Adore, that Prince scam that got me on the floor I know that she loved me, I couldn't ever fake it I say go buy a pie, the girl would go bake it Makin a record was important to me More important than her that's what made her flee, see The mistake was not payin no mind All her posse said we was two of a kind I call her back twice, your sister said you're broke She said when you left, your ears was full of smoke Chokin on a cigarette you don't even smoke Jumped in the train station put in a token Coulda been my partner, my amigo my peer Just waitin for them three words that all girls wanna hear I love you, HUH, you would start to cry if I would reply with I-L-Y Then I tell your friends that you played me out Said I wouldn't say "I love you" just to make you shout So I, call up 7 digits that would pick up your phone Your sister picked it up and said that you wasn't home I heard you in the back cryin up a storm Screamin how you wish that I never was born "I hate him! I hate him!" That's what she kept sayin She'll come to her senses is what I kept prayin But now I'm gonna lay the cards on the line Just say that you hate me, or say that you're mine I said, when I played ball you was in the stands When I was sick, you held my hand It was hard to say before, but now I can Bitch I love no ho, FUCK YA~! I don't give a fuck about'cha Take a long walk off a short peer bitch Try to take bankrolls Bum bitches outta here 50 man Now check it [Verse Two] Come to my crib she say B.I.G. listen I don't like the way you been dissin Feel like I been kissin other bitches cause my lips feel chapped I tell you it's on the blunts, you ain't tryin to hear that Now I'm Henny'd like a fuck? What's the riff? Who I'm sleepin with? I ain't got the time to shoot the gift to hoes, I'm tryin to take bankroll I ain't fuckin nobody, case closed You hit the lights and decide to doze off No kiss goodnight, didn't take your clothes off And my dick is harder than a rock Nobody to cockblock but youse a hardrock The fuck you think I am, gay? I ain't got no time to play I ain't got nuttin to say Bounce out the crib, just to see my man 50 and what's up with B.I.G. And the O.G.B., you know they keep plenty hookers And I ain't a bad looker So I see one ho that I like yeah, oooh Shit is cool (Trust no hoes, all they want is bankroll) That's what I'm tryin to tell you now baby My man 50 done schooled me to all y'all hookers Knahmsayin? I ain't lame to this Can't spell game without me, the B.I.G. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Notorious Soundtrack Song: Microphone Murderer (Demo) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] A whole lotta niggaz want Big to make a demo tape 'Specially that, BUM-ASS NIGGA uhh This goin out to you nigga recognize Yo 50, what's this? Microphone murderer, mass mayhem maker B.I.G.'s on the mic, call the undertaker Make an appointment, schedule a interview Because you know what Big Man's about to do 50 Gran' on the Technic at the right peak Brothers wanna hear the words Big Man speak The microphone I rip it, the burner got the clip in Slammin MC's like Scottie Pippen Flippin on Old Gold, cold as the rhymes you stole Puffin on dime bags and I been told My words are harder than a brick, Chinese arithmetic a thick stick and my dick Makes me sick when you pick the whick-whack rhyme G You get what you pumpin is Tic-Tac time Z B.I.G. moves swifter than a ninja Even on stickups I'm the masked avenger Keep my eyes open and the case closed No eyewitnesses, no names or expos Just the heavyset one with the big gun and a sweet tongue shakin down everyone Loot like Michael Jackson kicks like Bo Jackson Benz like Freddie Jackson, no need to ask in the crew Oooh! No frontin, no fakin moves Fightin or fuckin, resort to the stick and move Smack the fool that disagree, recognize the pedigree Rhyme is mine cause I said it's me Step to a Big Man grippin the mic stand Keep a bankroll and so do 50 Gran' And, I give you my hand cause you deserve a pound Tryin to blow up the spot, in my part of town Braves, because you get no praise I treat you like {?} did the A's Recognize, I don't fuck with the St. Ides B.I.G. down with O.G.B. Old Gold Brothers for the others that missed me The crew stay deep on Bedford and Quincy Rhymes in the pocket for a quick hand to hand You want it to be on, there's a Tec in the garbage can I pull bitches like Kim Fields, Brooke Shields Shelley Long, Connie Chung, I can go on and on Word is bond I'm a don~! I split 'em and run up in 'em I fuck 'em and then I duck 'em I hit 'em in the shitter and forget her, and it gets better B.I.G. are the letters Niggaz know the pedi'... That's the end!! What you want me to do? DAMN~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ CJ Wallace, Diddy, Faith Evans Album: Notorious Soundtrack Song: One More Chance/The Legacy Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CJ Wallace] + (Diddy) + {B.I.G.} Uhh... What? (That's right) That's right, uhh, uhh Bad Boy, what? Uhh, uhh {Uhh, what? Uh} {Uhh, uhh, what? Lyrically I'm} {Uhh, uhh} Uhh, uhh, check it out {Uhh, uhh} Uhh, lyrically I'm {Uhh... uhh, uhh} {What?} What? {Uhh, Junior M.A.F.I.A.} {Uhh} Junior M.A.F.I.A. (Remix) CJ, uhh [Verse One: Biggie] + (CJ) (First things first) I Poppa, freaks all the honies Dummies, Playboy bunnies, those wantin money Those the ones I like cause they don't get nathan but penetration, unless it smells like sanitation Garbage, I turn like doorknobs Heartthrob, never, black and ugly as ever (However, I stay Coogi down to the socks) (Rings and watch filled with rocks) (And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi) (Girls pee pee when they see me) (Navajos creep me in they teepee) (As I lay down laws like Alan Coppet) (Stop it, if you think you're gonna make a profit) Don't see my ones, don't see my guns - get it Now tell ya friends Poppa hit it, then split it in two (as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A.) (I don't know what the hell's stoppin ya) (I'm clockin ya, Versace shade watchin ya) (Once ya grin, I'm in - game begin) (First I talk about how I dresses this) (in diamond necklasses, stretch Lexuses) The sex is just immaculate from the back I get Deeper and deeper, help ya reach the climax that your man can't make (Call him, tell him you'll be home real late) (Now sing the break, uhh) [Chorus One: Faith Evans] + (CJ & Biggie) Baby, here I am (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) All, I need, is one, more chance... one more chance I, can help, you find, yourself (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) You, don't need, nobo-dy else... one more chance (remix) [Verse Two: Biggie] + (CJ) She's sick of that song on how it's so long Thought he worked his until I handled my biz (There I is; Major Payne like Damon Wayans) (Low Down, Dirty even, like his brother Keenan) Schemin, don't leave ya girl 'round me True player for real (ask Puff Daddy) You ringin bells with bags from Chanel Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel (Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell) (She beeped me, meet me at twelve) (Where you at?) Flippin jobs, payin car notes? While I'm swimmin in ya women like the breast stroke Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke Death stroke - tongue all down her throat Nuttin left to do but send her home to you I'm through, (can ya sing the song for me boo?) [Chorus Two: Faith Evans] + (CJ & Biggie) + {CJ} One more chance, Biggie give me one more chance (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) {Uhh, what? Uhh... uhh, uhh ya didn't know? Uhh} One more chance, Biggie give me one more chance (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) {Uhh, uhh, uhh.. what? What) One more chance [Verse Three: CJ] + (Biggie) So, what's it gonna be, him or me? We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls The envy of all women, crushed linen Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em (Finest women I love with a passion) (Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin) (High fashion, flyin into all states) (Sexin me while ya man masturbates) Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight (Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds) Lyrically I'm supposed to represent I'm not only a client, I'm the Player President [Chorus Two] - 1/2X + [Chorus One] [Outro: Diddy] + (Biggie) Bad Boy, Bad Boy (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) East coast... West coast... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac, Buju Banton, Dramacydal, Notorious B.I.G., Stretch Album: One Million Strong Song: Runnin' * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * the word 'police' is censored on the album version of this song One time, one time nigga one time! (Where?) Runnin' from the police (Yeah I know what you mean) No matter what I do, they got a nigga still runnin' from the police (Put them motherfuckin Nike's on tight and get ghost y'all) [Dramacydal] I ain't got nuttin on my mind, but gettin in some trouble Lickin shots to they block leavin bloody blood puddles for some ridah delight, now we in a gunfight I can shoot the gauge pebbles at the devils or die tonight It's on me, but if I die bury me a motherfuckin G A open casket on them bastards so they all remember me With my vest on my chest, my tools and my piece Thug Life motherfucker gotta me runnin' from the police Nigga, you know that's true Catch a nigga like K-Dog, chillin wit a crew Every damn day parlay with my glass of Re The O.J. and it's all OK 'til that fuckin fake cop got to play the man Ran me down the block with my glass in my hand Damn, I hope it don't spill Nigga chill, shit is real cock back my steel Still runnin' from the police I gets no sleep I got you peepin in my window while I'm smokin indo But I ain't no motherfuckin track star, pig's got a Jeep like Big Mouth, runnin through motherfucker's backyards So I, grabs my piece before I flee And instead of me runnin', these bitches is runnin' from me Lick shots hits spots off on my piece Cause a nigga like Big Mouth is through runnin' from the police [Interlude: Buju Banton] I bust off! What about the time they pull me from the Bronco lay, they tried to cock me, but them can't gun store When a batty bwoy do it from the mob Ahh, pull up your pants then you screw an left squad Look around, look around, punk police While gwan man doesn't a come but a bad boy test Look around, look around, punk police Me hafta blast back, cause de blast is best [Stretch] Yo I was, schemin and fiendin for loots and took the crooked route to, ghetto fame I felt the pains and now I run the game The insane brain, cold gettin fly like a plane on them suckers with my nigga Biggie Smalls causin ruckus [Notorious B.I.G.] Check it, I grew up a fuckin screw-up Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin blew up Choppin rocks overnight The nigga Biggie Smalls tryin to turn into the black Frank White [Stretch] And we got the workers choppin rock, Benz by the flock And we gettin it, the dirty cops are jealous so they sweatin it I'm lettin off smoke, hope they don't play me for no joke and provoke the homicide, so just let the drama slide We keepin it real, fuck how you feel, Biggie pass the steel Let's serve these motherfuckers slugs as a fuckin meal [Notorious B.I.G.] We had to grow dreads to change our description Two cops is on the milk box missin Show they toes you know they got stepped on A fist full of bullets a chest full of Teflon Run from the police picture that, nigga I'm too fat I fuck around and catch a asthma attack (*heavy breathing*) That's why I bust back, it don't phase me When he drop, take his glock, and I'm Swayze Celebrate my escape, sold the glock, bought some weight Laid back, I got some money to make, motherfucker [Interlude: Buju Banton] Now it's war, me tryin to sell, runnin from the punk po-lice They try to cock me, but them can't gun store What about they come to hold up me North Pulled up the park, I left school and left buck Look around, look around, punk police Was about to blast with ya gun but you can't stop me Look around, look around, punk police Me haf to blast back, cause blast back best [2Pac] They got me runnin' from the five-oh duckin and dodgin in my survival The Benzo and I let off with my nine, hoe I'm movin swifter than the next nigga, no time for sex Cause in my mind all I wonder is who's next Nigga, my homey slipped and now he pays the price He did a driveby, sixteen, now he's doin triple life Tell me is it me or my upbringin, I spit that thug shit Nigga motherfuck singin, I hope you got your Timberlands on tight, cause I ain't givin up I'd rather duck these motherfuckers all night I'm runnin' through the projects, beyotch They'll never catch me Cause I'm loc'd and trigger happy on the, sneotch Don't say you never heard of me, til they murder me, I'm a legend Do Thug Niggas go to heaven? I'm rollin with the thorough heads We gettin ghost on them hoes and yo I got no love for the five-oh I'm runnin' from the police [Outro: Buju Banton to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G Album: One More Chance/The What 12" Song: One More Chance (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA.com [Verse One] First things first, I poppa, freaks all the honies Dummies, playboy bunnies, those wantin money Those the ones I like cause they don't get nathan but penetration, unless it smells like sanitation Garbage, I turn like doorknobs Heart throb, never, black and ugly as ever However, I stay Coogi down to the socks Rings and watch filled with rocks And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi Girls pee pee when they see me Navajos creep me in they tee pee As I lay down laws like Alan Coppet Stop it - if you think they gonna make a prophet Don't see my ones, don't see my guns - get it Now tell ya friends Poppa hit it then split it in two as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A. I don't know what the hell's stoppin ya I'm clockin ya, Versace shades watchin ya Once ya grin, I'm in - game begin First I talk about how I dresses this In diamond necklasses - stretch Lexuses The sex is just immaculate from the back I get Deeper and deeper, help ya reach the climax that your man can't make Call him, tell him you'll be home real late and sing the break One more chance Biggie give me one more chance [Verse Two] She's sick of that song on how it's so long Thought he worked his until I handled my biz There I is; Major Payne like Damon Wayans Low Down Dirty even like his brother Keenan Schemin, don't leave ya girl round me True player for real, ask Puff Daddy You ringin bells with bags from Chanel Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell She beeped me, meet me at twelve Where you at? Flippin jobs, payin car notes? While I'm swimmin in ya women like the breast stroke Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke Death stroke - tongue all down her throat Nuttin left to do but send her home to you I'm through - can ya sing the song for me, boo? [Verse Three] So, what's it gonna be? Him or me? We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls The envy of all women, crushed linen Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em The finest women I love with a passion Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin High fashion - flyin into all states Sexin me while ya man masturbates Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds Lyrically I'm supposed to represent I'm not only the client, I'm the player president Artist: The Notorious B.I.G., Coolio, Redman, Ill Al Skratch,   Big Mike, Busta Rhymes, Buckshot, Bone Thugs-N-Harmony Album: Panther Soundtrack Song: The Points Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [The Notorious B.I.G.] Uh Uh [Easy Mo Bee] {*scratching*} "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" {*scratching*} "For my" "One true" "Our run's our rhyme" (Verse 1) [The Notorious B.I.G.] I went from Construction Timbs, to Ac's with rims Flippin' mixtapes To bitches, feedin' me grapes Feed my mind state Big Poppa flow is lethal That weed make my ass wanna kill four people Fuck the game, gimme the dame and the Range My niggas up to pawn drop-top Jaguars I'll blow you when you step in the car That's that superstar Status apparatus More wiz to Cassius Cease, roll the hashes, in the pocket with the nine Roll up the whole dime As my seats recline I want a presidential Roley (So) So I crush Emcees to guacamole, makin' Robin scream, "Holy moley!" Big Poppa Fuck a cape, I'm that Paper Crusader Playing Sega In the wide body Blazer [Coolio] I shot dice with a priest and drank yak with a pastor So much, me, myself and I know My own lord and master When your ass was born, it was all on the lone, and When it's time to die, you'll be all alone, so Open up your mind, ball up your knuckle bone, and Start taking care of your own Nigga Everybody's human with the nature of a sinner So I look inside myself to gather strength from the inner I gots to fight back against the powers that be Cause the powers that be, be Tryin' to fight me Standin' at the crossroads, but I wasn't by myself Some take the right and Some take the lefts, but Lo and behold What do I see In the distance Some resistance Break 1: Easy Mo Bee "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" "For my one true" "For my one true" "For my" "One true" "Our run's our" (Verse 2) [Redman] It's that Funkadelic Funk Doctor Spock, inhale it Fuck the best, niggas better start puttin' on helmets I roam the streets, where there's no peace, relax Funk, comin' in stacks Bullets, hummin' from gats So I duck Lyrical, BUCK BUCK, get stuck I'm jammin' like Smuckers, for all you motherfuckers That cause the raucous Then I fix a few stitches BLADOW! Plus my style pack like Luke bitches I foward, foward, high punch and spit the flame Like Liu Kang, burning your membranes, when the wind change Mad explicit when splifted My scriptures Leaving your mic boney like that Tales Of The Crypt bitch (Uh!) All y'all niggas suck my balls one time While I unwind, I'm bustin' your ass, counterclockwise I get Dumb But Dumber, why your vision blurred For all the loo-hoo-ooh-sers [Ill Al Skratch] Aiyyo Mayday, mayday, raise the white flag Let the pants sag, fuck the drag (I'm a puff the whole bag) It's the low down and I'm low-key The O.G. Niggas know me (True) So take it easy with stakes [Big Mike] It ain't surprisin' These motherfuckers still hatin' They must don't know I ain't that nigga to be played with It's been stated Way back in '88 That a nigga like Mike'll stomp the head of a snake Now quakes was felt When my feet hit the ground And fate's failed When my heat made a sound Now How did I relate what's gonna fall when my niggas made the fuckin' final call Hook: Ill Al Skratch It ain't no sunshine, it ain't no sunshine It's like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like that Break 2: Easy Mo Bee "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" "For my one" {*scratching*} "One true" "For my one true" "Our run" "Our run" "Run's" "Our" "Rhyme" (Verse 3) [Busta Rhymes] Hey, you, don't you dare give me no type of argument All these devils are mad because we be the most dominant Hey Hit you with fatness, represent my blackness Run up on devils like a savage in pursuit of happiness You better believe Everytime we come, we come hard The undisputed truth is that the black man is God Now everytime, I turn around, my people start subtractin' They cause this shit, then they wonder why we start overreactin' Hey, ay Ay You can pick and choose it Right before you lose it I'm a hit you with my music I'm frying up shit sizzling like cyanide Watch me go inside Please give me room, yo step aside Ha Those who commit the ultimate crimes Bitches run around like snitches, out there dropping dimes Get your shit drawers up out my hammer Young survivalist Represent the next Black Panther [Buckshot] I stepped in the jam with the guard on my side And the guard S.T. is still waitin' in the ride So I Stepped to the DJ and told the DJ, "Yo Throw the wax on" How many emcees must get dissed [Layzie Bone] Puttin' your shit to the pave, ending 'em meeting the gauge Live in the land of the brave, crazed, dazed, gotta blaze, amazin', nothin' phased Bone, my deadly fist of brothers, ruggish, never did take no losses Put 'em all in a coffin, you dearly departed, better off [Wish Bone] Livin' the psycho path, so I'm down with a buck and a blast, and gettin' my chance You niggas are fearin' my sawed-off Blew thee to rest, so fast to blast So if you, thinking defeat, you need, to best, be packin' your shit, you bitch Not that it makes a difference, cuz, when we a done with the quickness [Krayzie Bone] Now Krayzie Bone is buck, buck, buckin' em once a Gain, enough, to pick a Defender, they try to contend us, see, all they gon' win is that Mack 10 There's never another to go with a brother, I smother a sucker and go undercover (???) nickel'll lick it all off, but who was the sucker that screaming the murder [Bizzy Bone] Creep with the street Sweeper Better R.I.P., and pray The bullet don't put in much work But I'm a sure, wit, shot Puttin' the bullets just where it hurts, and um With a me tech'll slip up one on the popos, Bone, Bone Better be nothing to me, you set up, wet up, get 'em on the get up, Bone won't let up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ 8 Ball & MJG, Krayzie Bone, Swizz Beats, Twista Album: Spit Your Game 12" Song: Spit Your Game (Remix) Typed by: jam3Xk@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Krazyzie Bone] No-Torious [Notorious B.I.G] + (Swizz Beatz) Spit your game, talk your shit! Grab your gat! (Whoo! Whoo!) Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat! (Whoo! Whoo!) Spit you game, talk your shit (Y'all ready?) Grab your gat, call your click (Y'all ready?) Spit your game, talk your shit (We in Brooklyn now) Grab your gat, call you click (King of New York!) Squeeze your clip, hit the right one (B.I.G.!) Pass that weed, I gotsta light one (Boom! Boom! Boom!) Pass that weed, I gotsta light one (8 Ball & MJG) [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.] Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat, call your click Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat, call your click Squeeze your clip, hit the right one Pass that weed I gotsta light one Squeeze your clip, hit the right one Pass that weed I gotsta light one [Notorious B.I.G] Amred and dangerous, ain't too many can bang wit us Straight up weed, no angel dust - label us Notorious Thug ass niggaz that love to bust, it's stange to us Y'all niggaz be scramblin', gamblin' Up in resturaunts with mandolins, and violins We just sittin' here tryin' to win - tryin' not to sin High off weed and lots of gin So much smoke need oxygen, steadily countin' them Benjamins Nigga you should too, if you knew, what this game'll do to you Been in this shit since ninety-two Look at all the bullshit I been through So-called beef with you-know-who Fucked a few female stars or two Nigga, blue light, nigga, move like Mike Shit - Not to be fucked wit; Motherfuckers better duck quick Me and my dogs love to buck shit Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim No aspirations to quit the game Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat, call your click Squeeze your clip, hit the right one Pass that weed, I got to light one All them niggaz, I got to fight one All them hoes, I got to like one Our situation is a tight one Whatcha you gonna do - fight or run? [Swizz Beatz] Ladies and gentlemen! Twista! [Twista] + (Swizz Beatz) Makin' money, livin' marvelous, In God we trust Don't too many niggaz wanna star wit us Got big guns in the car wit' us Bust at any motherfucker actin' hard wit us They really wanna show you what a G I be I'd rater be sippin' Remy in V.I.P We can hear the music and it'll be by me Twista wit the legendary nigga, B.I.G Brooklyn to K-Town, whe you checkin out the flow you know it's gon reign wit persistence Two legends on the same track Two different planes of existence Let's get it crackin, I love to bust flows Hit it from the back, cause I love to fuck ho Do it for the city, I love Chicago Calicos bumpin, I love to bust dough You think you could spit on the mic like you Bigge and flow just as stead as I? Shit is real, you know you love em Youu ain't got ready to die Life After Death give it to you However you want it nigga! Got The Day After - give it to you However you want it nigga! Cause the shit'll get deep So I carry big heat Screamin' "Come and get me" Twista & Biggie on a Swizz Beat (Swizzie) Free mills, I love to make one All these cars, I love to ride one All these hoes, I love to cut one A tribute to Big, I love to bust one [Notorious B.I.G.] Spit your game, talk your shit Grab your gat, call your click Squeeze yor clip, hit the right one Pass that weed, I got to light one All them niggaz, I got to fight one All them hoes, I got to like one Our situation is a tight one Whatcha you gonna do - fight or run? [Krayzie Bone] + (Swizz Beatz) In the middle of the hour niggaz bring More drama then they baby mamas Nigga wanna battle? Well, I'll bomb ya - One man But attack like a pack of piranhas like Terra-Cotta Niggaz always ready for the war (Them Bone Boys are back! Them Bone Boys are back!) But they really don't wanna see a nigga though We can do 'em in a minute, then we finish wit em Hit 'em wit the feelin' of a nigga wit a suck ass flow Doin' it wit Swizz - Oh No! You niggaz in sone tro-ou-ble Somebody better call po-po It's gonna be murder when I get to swevin 'em verbally {yeah!} Nigga you hard of me, wig splitter Killa nigga - word to me! And I'm classic, like Bird & Magic wit a tactic to snatch it Strap back and stack some platinum Double on the mag random wit the bullets I brand em Finna hold the game ransom Runnin' up in your mansion Catch the man and blas them cannons Niggaz ain't ready for this one cause I'm on a mission to get even, better believe it I'm heavily heated, it's east yo see me If you want to see me, let that be the reason [Swizz Beatz] 2006! Come On! Bad Boys! Come On! Bad Boys! Come On! [8 Ball] + (Swizz Beatz) Damon Dash shoulda did Ultimate Hustler about me I'm a little bit of Scarface, Pac, and B.I.G Call me if you lookin' for that raw shit of the corner If you ask about who run the South, I'm somethin' like the owner (Bad Boy! Ask about me!) Somethin' like one of the rawess niggaz to touch the mic Diddy stayin' mad at me, I'm gettin' high and missin' the fight (Bad Boy! Bad Boy!) At the hotel wit a couple of banks, gettin' right Gettin lit, gettin' full of that light green sticky shit (Turn it up! Turn it up!) [MJG] + (Swizz Beatz) Get that cheese, get that dough, about to leave, pimp a ho (Turn it up! Turn it up!) MJG's at the back do', infared is aimin' at yo - head (Turn it up! Turn it up!) Make a move and you dead! Tryin' to prove you ain' scared Shut your mouth, come from off of that bread, come out from under that bed Hit the block, count that cash, hit the spot, hit the stash Don't run out, never never, keep it sweatin', make it last Forever, we be keepin that heat, from underneat that seat Look at all the bullshit I been through, but I still keep it street! (Swizzie!) [Swizz Beatz] + (Krayzie Bone) You just heard the sounds of Twista! 8 Ball & MJG! Bone Thugs-N-Harmony! B.I.G. (No-Torious) There's only one crown, man! (No-Torious...No-Torious...No-Torious) Artist: The Notorious B.I.G., Coolio, Doodlebug (Digable Plants), Big   Mike, Buckshot, Redman, Ill Al Skratch, Rock (Heltah Skeltah),    Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, Jamal, Busta Rhymes, 5th Ward Boyz Album: The Points 12" Song: The Points (DJ U-Neek's Version) Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [DJ U-Neek] From the east coast followers, to the west coast riders DJ U-Neek and Violator presents The ghetto's top dawgs {*laughing*} Chorus: Satasha Williams We're standing Strong So come on (So come on) Get ya roll on (Verse 1) [The Notorious B.I.G.] I went from Construction Timbs, to Ac's with rims Flippin' mixtapes To bitches, feedin' me grapes Feed my mind state Big Poppa flow is lethal That weed make my ass wanna kill four people Fuck the game, gimme the dame and the Range My niggas up to pawn drop-top Jaguars I'll blow you when you step in the car That's that superstar Status apparatus More wiz to Cassius Cease, roll the hashes, in the pocket with the nine Roll up the whole dime As my seats recline I want a presidential Roley (So) So I crush Emcees to guacamole, makin' Robin scream, "Holy moley!" Big Poppa Fuck a cape, I'm that Paper Crusader Playing Sega In the wide body Blazer [Coolio] I shot dice with a priest and drank yak with a pastor So much, me, myself and I know My own lord and master When your ass was born, it was all on the lone, and When it's time to die, you'll be all alone, so Open up your mind, ball up your knuckle bone, and Start taking care of your own Nigga Everybody's human with the nature of a sinner So I look inside myself to gather strength from the inner I gots to fight back against the powers that be Cause the powers that be, be Tryin' to fight me Standin' at the crossroads, but I wasn't by myself Some take the right and Some take the lefts, but Lo and behold What do I see In the distance Some resistance [Doodlebug] Well, I traveled the land, like my man in Kung Fu Moshin' up this hip hop scene, with my Digable Crew Now you and you know the science, so don't front Cause Brooklyn won't front, naw, we don't front In fact It's gettin' like a daily operation Cenilish born, represents my young nation And I'm facin' Opposition In every form So my man choose Squad 7, our's is on a swarm Like crazily Cause it don't pay to be A black man in the land of mental slavery They say "Cash Rules Everything Around Me" True So what I gotta do to be as lavished as you I don't roll with no crew That do the same ol' same So I travel the seventh plane, by way of coal train Now that's an ill thought Niggas get caught In my wisdom Because the number 7's like the master of a rhythm [Big Mike] It ain't surprisin' These motherfuckers still hatin' They must don't know I ain't that nigga to be played with It's been stated Way back in '88 That a nigga like Mike'll stomp the head of a snake Now quakes was felt When my feet hit the ground And fate's failed When my heat made a sound Now How did I relate what's gonna fall when my niggas made the fuckin' final call We started out small Now we got a staff a nation wide 1995, how many heads are gonna fly With that rootin' Tootin' Southside shootin' Bootin' any nigga who ain't troopin', with Huey Newton Fuck disputin', when it's time for a change Nigga, what you gon' do When we rearrange the game Blow 'em out the frame With new ideas We's about the game, lyrics puttin' me down out here Repeat Chorus (Verse 2) [Buckshot] I stepped in the jam with the guard on my side And the guard S.T. is still waitin' in the ride So I Stepped to the DJ and told the DJ, "Yo Throw the wax on" How many emcees must get dissed (Dissed) The mist from the blunt's smoke Decides who's next on my list Can you feel the hiss From the snake, move in my direction No U-turn, you gettin' burned from the sun In my intersection The guard has spoked Sword strokin' If you think you ready for affair One, pay ya token On my Soul Train (Uh) Control your brain (Uh) Buck Town representative Breakin' down, like a ki of cocaine Straight from the lab And I still elevate past The snakes and the crabs Fuck it (Boot Camp Click) [Redman] It's that Funkadelic Funk Doctor Spock, inhale it Fuck the best, niggas better start puttin' on helmets I roam the streets, where there's no peace, relax Funk, comin' in stacks Bullets, hummin' from gats So I duck Lyrical, BUCK BUCK, get stuck I'm jammin' like Smuckers, for all you motherfuckers That cause the raucous Then I fix a few stitches BLADOW! Blast my style pack like Luke bitches I foward, foward, high punch and spit the flame Like Liu Kang, burning your membranes, when the wind change Mad explicit when splifted My scriptures Leaving your mic boney like that Tales Of The Crypt bitch (Uh!) All y'all niggas suck my balls one time While I unwind, I'm bustin' your ass, counterclockwise I get Dumb But Dumber, why your vision blurred For all the loo-hoo-ooh-sers [Ill Al Skratch] Aiyyo Mayday, mayday, raise the white flag Let the pants sag, fuck a drag (I'm a puff the whole bag) It's the low down and I'm low-key The O.G Niggas know me (True) So take it Easy like Mo Bee The ex-convict on some Vietnam shit, criminal On the subliminal (Niggas) Watch what you women do All the bitches wanna know why the frames I ride That's just the rock to clear from the glide Bare witness, to my mental fitness, no fear Precaution, maybe too severe for your ear (Yeah) Creep around, grown on the down low, let off The ground slow, subtle And leave you in a puddle So I breaker-breaker 1-9 Cause it ain't no sunshine, it ain't no sunshine It's like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like that [Rock] I can rhyme as long as my dick get pumped I grabs the mic and I do what the fuck I want I outlast an ig'nant, white out Philly, you're a Dutch Master Raw like a natural disaster As I Crack ya Ass like Cheap Blaster, I might bash ya While my tongue lash ya When the Rock cruise, I crash ya Leave ya like a car wreck Then I give a tribute to the Rippa Tech And I slash ya After, I'm sure that you're ghost I go see my bro with the 'fro and we toast So the punks pawn a planet, plus every single fool Cause without all of y'all, Heltah Skeltah wouldn't groove What we do [Layzie Bone] Puttin' your shit to the pave, ending 'em meeting the gauge Live in the land of the brave, crazed, dazed, gotta blaze, amazin', nothin' phased Bone, my deadly fist of brothers, ruggish, never did take no losses Put 'em all in a coffin, you dearly departed, better off [Wish Bone] Livin' the psycho path, so I'm down with a buck and a blast, and gettin' my chance You niggas are fearin' my sawed-off Blew thee to rest, so fast to blast So if you, thinking defeat, you need, to best, be packin' your shit, you bitch Not that it makes a difference, cuz, when we a done with the quickness [Krayzie Bone] Now Krayzie Bone is buck, buck, buckin' em once a Gain, enough, to pick a Defender, they try to contend us, see, all they gon' win is that Mack 10 There's never another to go with a brother, I smother a sucker and go undercover (???) nickel'll lick it all off, but who was the sucker that screaming the murder [Bizzy Bone] Creep with the street Sweeper Better R.I.P., and pray The bullet don't put in much work But I'm a sure, wit, shot Puttin' the bullets just where it hurts, and um With a me tech'll slip up one on the popos, Bone, Bone Better be nothing to me, you set up, wet up, get 'em on the get up, Bone won't let up Repeat Chorus (Verse 3) [Jamal] Jamal gets down, the master of bringing the massacre Rollin' on Crews/cruise like Pharellies on Acura's If you don't believe my steez is real You can check the emptiness of my glock nine mil It don't matter which way you come I still be the nigga, callin' shots with the gun I lick one shot, I make your whole squad run None (Uh) Is about to fuck with the sun Mally G I never kick a rhyme for free Function rap skills, I come live like T.V. (Word up) For all of y'all, I come across to be real With super shit like Fall Guy And lines to make them all die Infrared beams, mind full of schemes '95 until, keep it real, get the cream (Yeah) [Busta Rhymes] Hey, you, don't you dare give me no type of argument All these devils are mad because we be the most dominant Hey Hit you with fatness, represent my blackness Run up on devils like a savage in pursuit of happiness You better believe Everytime we come, we come hard The undisputed truth is that the black man is God Now everytime, I turn around, my people start subtractin' They cause this shit, then they wonder why we start overreactin' Hey, ay Ay You can pick and choose it Right before you lose it I'm a hit you with my music I'm frying up shit sizzling like cyanide Watch me go inside Please give me room, yo step aside Ha Those who commit the ultimate crimes Bitches run around like snitches, out there dropping dimes Get your shit drawers up out my hammer Young survivalist Represent the next Black Panther [5th Ward] Where you from, fool We're 5th Ward Bust the caps, on that ass, real niggas stay hard Sax and ass, like that man, Uncle Sam The hardest motherfucker recorded on Past Scam And when I die, please bury me a G The face I was and white flowers ain't necessary I fantasize dead bodies in a creek Wake up in the morning, screaming "Murder in my sleep" I'm goin' crazy, Lord, have mercy Hell raisin' thugs, somebody save me Repeat Chorus Twice Artist: The Notorious B.I.G., Coolio, Doodlebug (Digable Plants), Big   Mike, Buckshot, Redman, Ill Al Skratch, Rock (Heltah Skeltah),    Bone Thugs-N-Harmony, Busta Rhymes, Menace Clan, Jamal Album: The Points 12" Song: The Points (Easy Mo Bee Original Version) Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com [The Notorious B.I.G.] Uh Uh [Easy Mo Bee] {*scratching*} "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" {*scratching*} "For my" "One true" "Our run's our rhyme" (Verse 1) [The Notorious B.I.G.] I went from Construction Timbs, to Ac's with rims Flippin' mixtapes To bitches, feedin' me grapes Feed my mind state Big Poppa flow is lethal That weed make my ass wanna kill four people Fuck the game, gimme the dame and the Range My niggas up to pawn drop-top Jaguars I'll blow you when you step in the car That's that superstar Status apparatus More wiz to Cassius Cease, roll the hashes, in the pocket with the nine Roll up the whole dime As my seats recline I want a presidential Roley (So) So I crush Emcees to guacamole, makin' Robin scream, "Holy moley!" Big Poppa Fuck a cape, I'm that Paper Crusader Playing Sega In the wide body Blazer [Coolio] I shot dice with a priest and drank yak with a pastor So much, me, myself and I know My own lord and master When your ass was born, it was all on the lone, and When it's time to die, you'll be all alone, so Open up your mind, ball up your knuckle bone, and Start taking care of your own Nigga Everybody's human with the nature of a sinner So I look inside myself to gather strength from the inner I gots to fight back against the powers that be Cause the powers that be, be Tryin' to fight me Standin' at the crossroads, but I wasn't by myself Some take the right and Some take the lefts, but Lo and behold What do I see In the distance Some resistance [Doodlebug] Well, I traveled the land, like my man in Kung Fu Moshin' up this hip hop scene, with my Digable Crew Now you and you know the science, so don't front Cause Brooklyn won't front, naw, we don't front In fact It's gettin' like a daily operation Cenilish born, represents my young nation And I'm facin' Opposition In every form So my man choose Squad 7, our's is on a swarm Like crazily Cause it don't pay to be A black man in the land of mental slavery They say "Cash Rules Everything Around Me" True So what I gotta do to be as lavished as you I don't roll with no crew That do the same ol' same So I travel the seventh plane, by way of coal train Now that's an ill thought Niggas get caught In my wisdom Because the number 7's like the master of a rhythm [Big Mike] It ain't surprisin' These motherfuckers still hatin' They must don't know I ain't that nigga to be played with It's been stated Way back in '88 That a nigga like Mike'll stomp the head of a snake Now quakes was felt When my feet hit the ground And fate's failed When my heat made a sound Now How did I relate what's gonna fall when my niggas made the fuckin' final call We started out small Now we got a staff a nation wide 1995, how many heads are gonna fly With that rootin' Tootin' Southside shootin' Bootin' any nigga who ain't troopin', with Huey Newton Fuck disputin', when it's time for a change Nigga, what you gon' do When we rearrange the game Blow 'em out the frame With new ideas We's about the game, lyrics puttin' me down out here Break 1: Easy Mo Bee {*scratching*} "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" "For my one true" "For my one true" "For my" "One true" "Our run's our rhymes" (Verse 2) [Buckshot] I stepped in the jam with the guard on my side And the guard S.T. is still waitin' in the ride So I Stepped to the DJ and told the DJ, "Yo Throw the wax on" How many emcees must get dissed (Dissed) The mist from the blunt's smoke Decides who's next on my list Can you feel the hiss From the snake, move in my direction No U-turn, you gettin' burned from the sun In my intersection The guard has spoked Sword strokin' If you think you ready for affair One, pay ya token On my Soul Train (Uh) Control your brain (Uh) Buck Town representative Breakin' down, like a ki of cocaine Straight from the lab And I still elevate past The snakes and the crabs Fuck it (Boot Camp Click) [Redman] It's that Funkadelic Funk Doctor Spock, inhale it Fuck the best, niggas better start puttin' on helmets I roam the streets, where there's no peace, relax Funk, comin' in stacks Bullets, hummin' from gats So I duck Lyrical, BUCK BUCK, get stuck I'm jammin' like Smuckers, for all you motherfuckers That cause the raucous Then I fix a few stitches BLADOW! Blast my style pack like Luke bitches I foward, foward, high punch and spit the flame Like Liu Kang, burning your membranes, when the wind change Mad explicit when splifted My scriptures Leaving your mic boney like that Tales Of The Crypt bitch (Uh!) All y'all niggas suck my balls one time While I unwind, I'm bustin' your ass, counterclockwise I get Dumb But Dumber, why your vision blurred For all the loo-hoo-ooh-sers [Ill Al Skratch] Aiyyo Mayday, mayday, raise the white flag Let the pants sag, fuck a drag (I'm a puff the whole bag) It's the low down and I'm low-key The O.G Niggas know me (True) So take it Easy like Mo Bee The ex-convict on some Vietnam shit, criminal On the subliminal (Niggas) Watch what you women do All the bitches wanna know why the frames I ride That's just the rock to clear from the glide Bare witness, to my mental fitness, no fear Precaution, maybe too severe for your ear (Yeah) Creep around, grown on the down low, let off The ground slow, subtle And leave you in a puddle So I breaker-breaker 1-9 Cause it ain't no sunshine, it ain't no sunshine It's like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like that [Rock] I can rhyme as long as my dick get pumped I grabs the mic and I do what the fuck I want I outlast an ig'nant, white out Philly, you're a Dutch Master Raw like a natural disaster As I Crack ya Ass like Cheap Blaster, I might bash ya While my tongue lash ya When the Rock cruise, I crash ya Leave ya like a car wreck Then I give a tribute to the Rippa Tech And I slash ya After, I'm sure that you're ghost I go see my bro with the 'fro and we toast So the punks pawn a planet, plus every single fool Cause without all of y'all, Heltah Skeltah wouldn't groove What we do [Layzie Bone] Puttin' your shit to the pave, ending 'em meeting the gauge Live in the land of the brave, crazed, dazed, gotta blaze, amazin', nothin' phased Bone, my deadly fist of brothers, ruggish, never did take no losses Put 'em all in a coffin, you dearly departed, better off [Wish Bone] Livin' the psycho path, so I'm down with a buck and a blast, and gettin' my chance You niggas are fearin' my sawed-off Blew thee to rest, so fast to blast So if you, thinking defeat, you need, to best, be packin' your shit, you bitch Not that it makes a difference, cuz, when we a done with the quickness [Krayzie Bone] Now Krayzie Bone is buck, buck, buckin' em once a Gain, enough, to pick a Defender, they try to contend us, see, all they gon' win is that Mack 10 There's never another to go with a brother, I smother a sucker and go undercover (???) nickel'll lick it all off, but who was the sucker that screaming the murder [Bizzy Bone] Creep with the street Sweeper Better R.I.P., and pray The bullet don't put in much work But I'm a sure, wit, shot Puttin' the bullets just where it hurts, and um With a me tech'll slip up one on the popos, Bone, Bone Better be nothing to me, you set up, wet up, get 'em on the get up, Bone won't let up Break 2: Easy Mo Bee {*scratching*} "For my one true" "Our run's our rhyme" "For my one" "One" "One true" "For my one true" "Our run" "Our run" "Run's" "Our rhyme" (Verse 3) [Busta Rhymes] Hey, you, don't you dare give me no type of argument All these devils are mad because we be the most dominant Hey Hit you with fatness, represent my blackness Run up on devils like a savage in pursuit of happiness You better believe Everytime we come, we come hard The undisputed truth is that the black man is God Now everytime, I turn around, my people start subtractin' They cause this shit, then they wonder why we start overreactin' Hey, ay Ay You can pick and choose it Right before you lose it I'm a hit you with my music I'm frying up shit sizzling like cyanide Watch me go inside Please give me room, yo step aside Ha Those who commit the ultimate crimes Bitches run around like snitches, out there dropping dimes Get your shit drawers up out my hammer Young survivalist Represent the next Black Panther [Dee] I hang with blacks and you hang with whites I pack a nine and I don't like fights I'm from the deepest Darkest, ghetto streets of South Central, L.A I jack for jewels Watch when you bail, it's right across the streets From hell, and no one want to repent Went to the liqour store Blast on the cashier, just like I did last year Now, tell me, if you was there Would you be down When them black boys beat Reginold Deny to the ground? Now, I would've be, before I died, I Decided for the buck of it I tried to rap a rocks for life People They said, "Change that shit" This is west coast Rap-A-Lot I stroll to Houston Astro's hat a lot I sock A punk, fool, hit me up [Assassin] I run the west and I'm up That's suppossin' my cause What's the difference between this and hell, but vasoline drawers I live a sick lifestyle My profile, souls of Menace Handlin' Bennettes To the finish If this is Cause for action, my people turning to hold a strap, man I don't give a damn, South Central, and Lookin' out for the black man, strugglin' with my brother, man Roll with the clan Boker's Rock to Tazkan It's us against the man and I'm a damn get shot They'll have to put in the jail cause I ain't goin' for the pot Turn the pigwigs to mop top, for the bullshit to stop I got a hood I die for Been organized since '64, man [Jamal] Jamal gets down, the master of bringing the massacre Rollin' on Crews/cruise like Pharellies on Acura's If you don't believe my steez is real You can check the emptiness of my glock nine mil It don't matter which way you come I still be the nigga, callin' shots with the gun I lick one shot, I make your whole squad run None (Uh) Is about to fuck with the sun Mally G I never kick a rhyme for free Function rap skills, I come live like T.V. (Word up) For all of y'all, I come across to be real With super shit like Fall Guy And lines to make them all die Infrared beams, mind full of schemes '95 until, keep it real, get the cream (Yeah) It don't stop (Uh) What the fuck Fuck around and get dropped, it don't stop Know what I mean The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Show soundtrack Song: Me & My Bitch (Live In Philly) Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: (Is Philly in this motherfucker?) Yo wassup? You ready son? (Pop kick one time) Let's do it Uhh (Wooh) Uhh (Say what?) Verse 1: When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick (Hands in the air) You look so good huh (wooh!), I suck on your daddy's dick I never felt that way in my wife (That's right) It didn't take long before I made you my wife (yeah) Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze Come into the crib, even had a set a keys (That's right) During the days you helped me bag up my nickels (Come on) In the process, I admit, I tricked a little But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch (That's right) Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin rich and I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right Chorus: Just me and my bitch (What) Just me and my bitch (What) Just me and my bitch, yeah Just me and my bitch (My) Just me and my bitch (My) Just me and my bitch (My) Bridge: (All the girls with the real hair, yeah) Uhh (Just the girls with the real hair, yeah) Uhh (Let me hear ya say "Yeah!") *Yeah!* (Say "Hell Yeah!") * oh hell yeah* Verse 2: Moonlight strolls with my hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo I wanna bitch that like to play celo and craps Packin gats, in a Coach bag steamin dime bags (wooh!) A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had With a Glock just as strong as me Totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me (That's right) Any place with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it (That's right) One day she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (yeah) Throwin my clothes out the windows (windows) so when the wind blows (wind blows) I see my Polos and (Timbos) Hide my car keys so I can't leave A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve And if I deceive (say what?), she won't take it lightly (C'mon) She'll invite me (yeah), politely to fight G (yeah) (Side to side) And then we lie together (side to side), cry together (side to side) I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together (yeah c'mon) Chorus: Just me and my bitch (Just what?) Just me and my bitch (side to side) Just me and my bitch (All y'all side to side) Just me and my bitch (My) Just me and my bitch (My) C'mon just me and my bitch Just, just me and my bitch Just me and my bitch (That's all) Just me and my bitch Just me and my bitch Outro: Yo, your bitch huh? (Yeah ain't no doubt!) (Y'know the ladies is runnin this motherfucker son) (The ladies is runnin this motherfucker) Now, look at all the real motherfuckin niggas in this motherfucker Where the niggas at, wassup? (Yo yo Pop, Pop, Pop. Check this out) (Yo Biggie, this is what y'all gotta do) (I figure somebody got to be runnin somethin (So you take the bitches and you take the niggas Hold, hold, hold, hold, hold (I ain't takin no bitches, nigga) (I'm takin the young ladies, nigga. The fuck you talkin bout) Yeah (Awright I'ma take the young ladies, you go see...) Aight, I'll take, I'll take the niggas (yeah) The real dog niggas (I'm with the niggas too but I want the ladies) Whatever, let's see what's up (Drop that shit nigga) Yeah (C'mon yeah, c'mon yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 2Pac f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Tupac Resurrection Soundtrack Song: Runnin' (Dying to Live) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * an alternate version of "Runnin'" from the One Million Strong compilation [unidentified interviewer] Between you and Biggie, it's like Who's gon', who's gon, who rules the.. the.. the nigga kingdom and shit basically, y'knahmsayin? I was like, this is like a fuckin, election It's an election and shit, y'knahmsayin? [Tupac - speaking over interviewer's last lines] It isn't, it isn't that Me and Biggie's situation is smaller than that Me and Biggie's situation is like.. [Tupac's response is cut off by ambulance sirens and news clips]  "Tupac Shakur was shot seven times in the chest" [Tupac - speaking again] When I'm in jail, STRANGERS was tellin me Oh you don't know? Biggie OHHHH "Who Shot Ya?" Like they BRAGGIN about it And that's why what I'm doin, I know what I'm doin I'm DESTROYIN 'em, I'm DESTROYIN 'em man [Chorus - sung over speech above] Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to fight? Why am I trying to see, when there ain't nothin in sight? Why am I trying to give, when no one gives it a try? Why am I fighting to live, if I'm just living to die? [Notorious B.I.G.] Check it, I grew up a fuckin screw-up Got introduced to the game, got a ounce and fuckin blew up Choppin rocks overnight The nigga Biggie Smalls tryin to turn into the black Frank White We had to grow dreads to change our description Two cops is on the milk box missin Show they toes you know they got stepped on A fist full of bullets a chest full of Teflon Run from the police picture that, nigga I'm too fat I fuck around and catch a asthma attack (*heavy breathing*) That's why I bust back, it don't phase me When he drop, take his glock, and I'm Swayze Celebrate my escape, sold the glock, bought some weight Laid back, I got some money to make, motherfucker [Biggie - speaking over Chorus] Keep your mouth shut man, y'knahmsayin? Just... don't feed into it, never feed into it It's gon' do nothin but escalate, y'knahmsayin? I know it wasn't true I know what he thought, but what he though wasn't true [2Pac] It's on me But still I'm havin, memories of high speed when the cops crashed As I laugh, pushin the gas when my glocks blast We was young, and we was dumb, but we had heart In the dark, will we survive through the bad parts Many dreams is what I had, and plenty wishes No hesitation in extermination of these snitches Envious bitches, they still continue to pursue me A couple of movies, now the whole world's tryin to screw me Even the cops tried to sue me, so what can I do? But stay true, sippin 22's of brew And now media is tryin to test me Got the press askin questions, tryin to stress me Misery is all I see, that's my mindstate My history with the police is shake the crime rate My main man had two strikes, slipped, got arrested and flipped He screamed THUG LIFE and emptied the clip Got tired of runnin from the police [Tupac - speaking over Chorus] They wanted a new regime And my regime, includes East coast Includes, West coast [Biggie - speaking] I was, more shocked than anything, y'knahmsayin? But I wasn't more shocked of, him dying I was more shocked of him.. 'Pac is a strong dude yo I know dude, y'knahmsayin? REAL strong So when they was like he got shot I was just more like - AGAIN? Y'knahmayin? He always gettin shot, or shot at He gon' pull through this one again Make a few records about it, and it's gon' be over Y'knahmsayin? But when he, when he died I was just like - WHOA, y'knahmsayin? Kinda took me by.. I mean even though we was goin through our drama I would never wish death on nobody, y'knahmsayin? Cause they'd be comin back from death {*echoing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Warning 12" Song: Warning (Clean Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Notorious B.I.G.] {*sound of a pager going off*} Stick me for my paper Stick me for my paper Stick me for my paper (Verse 1) [B.I.G.] Who the hell is this?    Pagin' me at 5:46    In the mornin, crack of dawn, and {*dialing phone*}    Now I'm yawnin'    Wipe the cold out my eye {*ring*}    See who's this pagin' me    And why    It's my man Pop from the barbershop    Told me he was in the gamblin' spot, and heard the intricate plot    Some people wanna stick me like flypaper neighbor    Slow down love, please chill, drop the caper [Pop] Remember all your peoples from the hill up in Brownsville?    That you rolled dice with, smoked [{*blunts*}] and got nice with [B.I.G.] Yeah, Lil' Fame up in Prospect    Nah, they're my peoples, nah, love wouldn't disrespect [Pop] I didn't say them, they schooled me to some chumps    That you knew from back when    When you was clockin' minor figures    Now they heard you blowin' up like nitro    And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow    So, thank Fame for warnin' me, cause I'm warnin' you    I got the mack, Biggie, tell me what you gonna do Break: Notorious B.I.G. Damn! Why they wanna stick me for my paper Damn! Why they wanna stick me for my paper Damn! Why they wanna stick me for my paper Damn! Why they wanna stick me for my paper (Verse 2) [Pop] They heard about the Rolex's and the Lexus With the Texas license plates out of state They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown And they heard you got, half of Virginia locked down They even heard about the crib you bought your moms out In Florida, the fifth corridor [B.I.G.] Call the coroner There's gonna be a lot of slow singin' And flower bringin' If my burgular alarm starts ringin' What you think all the guns is for? All purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door And I feed 'em gunpowder, so they can devour The criminals, tryin' to drop my decimals Damn! People wanna stick my for my cream And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem It's the ones that smoke [{*blunts*}] with ya I see ya picture Now they wanna grab the guns and come and get ya Bet ya Biggie won't slip I got the calico with the black talons loaded in the clip So I can rip through the ligaments Put they bodies in a bad prediciment Where all the foul people went Touch my cheddah, feel my Beretta Buck What I'm a hit you, with ya first reaction, hit the duck I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains Of his jacket He had a gun he should've packed it Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket So I can reload and explode on ya [{*rasshole*} I mess around and get hardcore C-4 to your door, no beef no more Feel the rough, scandalous The more [{*weed*}] smoke I puff The more dangerous I don't give a damn about you or your weak crew What you gonna do when Big Poppa come for you I'm not runnin', chump, I bust my gun and Hold on, I hear somebody comin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Who's The Man? Soundtrack Song: Party and Bullshit Typed by: psygnosticmind@juno.com I was a terror since the public school era Bathroom passes, cuttin classes, squeezing asses Smoking blunts was a daily routine Since thirteen, a chubby nigga on the scene I used to have the tre` duce And the duce duce in my bubblegoose Now i got the mack in my knapsack Loungin' black, smoking sacks up in acts And sidekicks with my sidekicks rockin fly kicks Honeys want to chat But all we wanna know is "Where the party at?" And can i bring my gat? If not, I hope I don't get shot But i throw my vest on my chest 'Cause niggaz is a mess It don't take nothin' but frontin'  For me to start somethin' Buggin' and barkin' at niggaz like i was duck huntin' Dumbing out, just me and my crew Cause all we wanna do is... Chorus: Party... And bullshit, and... (x9) Hugs from the honeys, Pounds from the roughnecks Seen my man Sei that I knew from the projects Said he had beef, asked me if I had my peice Sure do, two .22's in my shoes Holler if you need me love i'm in the house Roam and strollin' see what the honeys is about Moet popping, hoe hopping, ain't no stopping Big Poppa, I'm a BAD BOY Niggaz wanna front, who got your back? (BIGGIE!) Niggaz wanna flex, who got the gat? (BIGGIE!) It ain't hard to tell I'm the east coast overdoser Nigga you scared you're supposed to Nigga I toast ya, put fear in your heart Fuck up the party before it even start Pissy drunk, off the Henny and stuff Or some brand-nubian shit beatin' down punks! Chorus Bitches in the back looking righteous In a tight dress, i think i might just Hit her with a little Biggie 101, How to tote a gun  And have fun with Jamaician rum Conversations, blunts in rotation My man Big Jacques got the glock in his waist and  we're smoking, drinking, got the hooker thinking If money smell bad than this nigga Biggie stinking Is it my charm? I got the hookers eatin out my palm She grabbed my arm and said "Let's leave calm" I'm hittin' skins again Rolled up another blunt, bought a Heineken Niggaz start to loke out, a kid got choked out Blows was thrown and a fucking fight broke out [Music stops, indecipherable sounds of people yelling and arguing,  Biggie breaks it up yelling "Yo chill, man, chill!"] Can't we just all get along? So i can put hickies on her chest like Li'l Shawn Get her pissy drunk off of Don Perrignon And it's on, and I'm gone that's that. [Chorus w/ Puff talking after selected lines] Party... and Bullshit, (Party.) and Party... and Bullshit, (Bullshit.) and Party... and Bullshit, (Party.) and Party... and Bullshit, (Bullshit.) and Party... and Bullshit, (Yea... Junior Mafia likes that.) and Party... and Bullshit,  and Party... and Bullshit, (Uptown likes that.) and Party... and Bullshit,  and Party... and Bullshit, (Bad Boy likes that.) and Party... and Bullshit,  and Party... and Bullshit, (Brooklyn Crew likes that.) and Party... and Bullshit,  and Party... and Bullshit, (Third Eye likes that.) and Party... and Bullshit,  [Repeats until fade out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ Notorious B.I.G., Mase Album: Only You 12" Song: Only You (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puffy] I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop - eh eh, eh eh I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop - uh-huh I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop - check it out [Notorious B.I.G.] + (Puff Daddy) Je-sus, the Notorious just please us with your lyrical thesis We just chillin, +Milk+ 'em, "Top Billin'" Silk and, pure linen, me and, Lil' Cease (hehe) Malibu sea breeze, Dom P's, palm trees Cats named Pablo in milked out diablos (that's right) The Williest - what? - bitches be the silliest The more I smoke, the smaller the Phillie gets Room 112, where the players dwell and stash more cash than Bert Padell, inhale Make you feel good like Tony Toni Tone (*feels good*) Dick up in your +Middle+ like Monie (yes) She don't know but she settin up to blow me (yes) Should try the style, fly up North with a homey (yes) Escada, Don Dada, player, stay splurgin Game so tight they call it virgin * samples from B.I.G. saying "Room 112, where the players dwell" [112] Ohhhh I, need to know, where we stand Do we share this special thing called love * I know I do, what about you I just can't get enough of your love * I need you in my life Where do we go, what do I do I can't live without your love Thinkin of you * makes me feel Like I'm the only one for you Girl I want, to be with you No one else, only you Why can't we just make it happen Baby * I need you in my life Every time I'm with you Never want it to come to an end (Puffy: Thought I told you that we won't stop) You always make me so happy You'll always have a place in my heart - I need you in my life * Where do we go, what do I do Cause I can't live without your love Thinkin of you, makes me feel * Like I'm the only one for you [Mase] + (Puff Daddy) Now you can hum all you want to, cum all you want to  Money I'ma front you, girl I wanna flaunt you (that's right) I'ma always want you when nobody wants you (uh-huh) If I die now my love'll still haunt you (c'mon) Mase ain't the one that'll pay for your phone (Mase ain't the one) Mase be the one that'll take you home (that's right) Even though I'm not the one that gave you the stone (yeah) On your days alone * I can make you moan Everybody know I got more bounce than the ounce Bad Boy get more money than you can count Why I'm buyin things you can't even pronounce I'd do it to you cats for a large amount * (heheh) And when the beef come, you know where it'll be found Why I'll be around 'til the winner is announced * (The winner is..) So there ya go girl with thousands in ya palms Why you can't let bygones be bygones * (Goodfellas) [112] Where do we go, what must I do If I can't live without your love * Thinkin of you, makes me feel baby Like I'm the only one for you * Girl I want to, be with you No one else, only you Why can't we just make it happen Baby, I need you in my life [Puffy] + 112 ad libs I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * eh-eh, eh-eh {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, Notorious B.I.G., Serani Album: Angels (Dancehall Remix) 12" Song: Angels (Dancehall Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Serani] Its! It's Serani! Serani! (Yo listen!!!) Giddeon!!! Dirty Money!!! Bumbohole fool a weh yuh fi do pussy!!!! Touch a button, a button A button likkle fool a start sum'n, sum'n, sum'n, mi caan lose nuttin [Verse One: Serani] No time for no long story, story, pussy yuh ago regret it Watch it mek mi defend it Diss mi family and di Alliance ago end it yes I said it I can't stand by and watch you take the life of my wife Not today and not tonight not everrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!! I'm gonna win this fight AH!!! AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO MOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO MOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO MOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO!!!!!!!! [Verse Two: Diddy] Came from heaven just to sing a song for you... To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow  And you know, this the ennnnd of the road When I sing that slow song for you... And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..) And I would hide it in my helpless soul I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go  I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?  When the angels call like.. [Chorus: Diddy] YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you ... [Verse Three: Diddy] (*Serani) Yeah! My nigga Chris asked me why? I said fuck 'em playa fly Damn fever got me high (So high) When my nigga left I died I mean cryin deep inside (*NO NO!!!) (Can you feel me?) But the angels helped me fly (*NO NO!!!) (Let's fly) Aiyyo.........hey BIG, talk to 'em man [Verse Four: Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"] Ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot [Chorus: Dirty Money]  YOOOOOOOO-HOOO! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you  (Don't you hear me callin you?) He's the one you love... ('cause I hear 'em callin me...) and he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through) Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do) when they're callin you... When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Angels Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] (B.I.G.) Uh-huh... This that Dirty Money.. Uh-huh...  (Uh..Uh..) It's that Dirty Money [The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"] Uh, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot.. Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...) [Diddy] Came from heaven just to sing a song for you... To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow  And you know, this the ennnnd of the road When I sing that slow song for you... And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..) And I would hide it in my helpless soul I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go  I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?  When the angels call like.. [Chorus: Diddy] (Dawn) YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you  (Don't you hear me callin you?) He's the one you love... ('cause I hear 'em callin me...) and he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through) Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do) when they're callin you... When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer) [Diddy] Falling....for yooooou... I will tell the angels, "No" Let 'em turn back into stone I doooo... (I doo...) love yoooou... (love yoooou...)  It's true.... (It's true...) Fire...climbing... We ignore the angels' call! They were warnings after all It's cool... if I'm....  with you.... When the angels call like... [The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"] Uh, uh, uh Ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot.. Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...) [Diddy - Outro (repeat 'til fade)] When the angels call like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A Album: Conspiracy Song: Get Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (3X) [Kim]	Hehehe [Big]	WHAT? Uhh, sex em up [Kim]	The fuck? That shit ain't even ?? big boy [Big]	Oh aight, you don't, you don't get none of that shit 	Uhh, check it out [Kim]	Bout to "get money" [Notorious B.I.G.] You wanna sip Mo' on my living room flo' Play Nintendo with Cease-a-Leo Pick up my phone say, "Poppa not home" Sex all night, mad head in the morn' Spin my V, smoke all my weed Tattoo on tit-tie sayin B-I-G, now check it You wanna be my main squeeze baby Don'tcha, you wanna gimme what I need baby Won'tcha, picture life as my wife just think Full length mink, fat X and O links Bracelets to match, conversation was all that Showed you the safe combinations and all that Guess you could say youse the one I trusted Who would ever think that you would spread like mustard? Shit got hot, you sent Feds to my spot Took me to court, tried to take all I got 'Nother intricate plot, the bitch said I raped her "Damn, why she wanna stick me for my paper?" My Mo-sci-no hoe, my Ver-sa-ce hottie Come to find out, you was fuckin everybody You knew about me, the fake ID Cases in Virginia, body in D.C. Woe, oh is me, that's what I get for trickin Pay my own bail, commence to ass kickin Lick in the door, wavin the four-four All you heard was, "Poppa don't hit me no more" Disrespect my click, my shit's imperial Fuck around and made her milkbox material You feel me? Suckin dick, runnin your lips 'Cause of you, I'm on some real fuck a bitch shit, uhh.. 	Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (3X) [Big]	WHAT? I see mad girls like you [Kim]	You seen mad girls just ACTIN hot [Big]	I'm tellin you though [Kim]	There AIN'T nobody like me [Big]	You just frontin, there's people out like that [Kim]	?? [Lil' Kim] Uhh, whoo! Get at me Whoo, I told you niggaz Niggaz.. betta grab a seat Grab on your dick as this bitch gets deep Deeper than the pussy of a bitch six feet Stiff dicks feel sweet in this little petite Young bitch from the street, guaranteed to stay down Used to bring work outta town on Greyhound Now I'm Billboard now, niggaz press to hit it Play me like a chicken, thinkin I'm pressed to get it Rather do the killin than the stick up jooks Rather count a million while you eat my pussy Push me to the limit get my feelings in it Get me open while I'm cummin down your throat Then, you wanna be my main squeeze nigga Don'tcha, you wanna lick between my knees nigga Don'tcha wanna see me whippin your 3 down the Ave. Blow up spots on bitches because I'm mad Break up affairs lick shots in the air You get vexed, and start swingin everywhere Me shifty? Now you wanna pistol whip me Pull out your nine, while I cock on mine Yeah what nigga? I ain't got time for this So what nigga? I'm not tryin to hear that shit Now you wanna buy me diamonds and Armani suits Adrienne Vitadini and Chanel 9 boots Things that make up, for all the games and the lies Hallmark cards, sayin, "I apologize" Is you wit me? How could you ever decieve me But payback's a bitch motherfucker, believe me Naw I ain't gay this aint no lesbo flow Just a lil somethin, to let you motherfuckers know 	Fuck bitches, get money.. fuck niggaz, get money (*repeat to end*) [Kim]	Wait a minute, wait a minute 	Back up, just give me that shit, this shit is mine [Big]	Oh you want my numbers and shit [Kim]	?? [Big]	Look, now you wanna ?? [Kim]	I'm all that bitch, don't ask 	You're fuckin with a bitch named Aphrodite [Big]	Y'all believe that shit? [Kim]	Just playin with you, worrd 	?? daddy is all that, oh word 	?? I'm talkin bout some presidents 	Talkin bout this motherfuckin cash [Big]	Whatever you don't think about this 	My nickname was Jesus in high school [Kim]	You don't even believe that shit! 	God don't believe that shit! [Big]	I'm the supreme being baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Conspiracy Song: Oh My Lord Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kleptomaniac] Why niggaz wanna clock me? like that dance called the chachi Don't they know I break motherfuckers into parts like Rocky Part I, part II, part III, niggaz can't fuck with me My style's knock-kneed plum crazy (what?) Who's that wild ass motherfucker catchin wreck Stickin Jamaicans for sound sets outside discoteques It's Klep the death specialist, Stallone and Stone shit Stayin high representin for the nine-quint Ras bad guy, burns the house down like Left Eye Why try mimic? MC's get broke like speed limits (uhh) Niggaz can't fuck with my metaphors Canin MC's like they in Singapore; Klep been through more wards than Humphrey Shore, put together catchin leathers on the regular, got that net, push me round and Dread stressin a trick hoe, what the Dread won't know won't hurt Robbin his workers for they work; now, WHOSE TURF IS THIS? It's Klep's, the clothes wreckers' Life interceptor, pussy collector Got your bitch on my dick and I ain't even stressin her Check enough sex in her, my styles are regular Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique moves in like the senator Hook: Niggas say "Oh my lord!" [Notorious B.I.G.] Throw gats to *Guiliani* Flows tighter than bitches punani, try me, die G Dangerous, since my daddy bust me out the tip of his dick, Biggie Smalls with the wickedest shit Spit clips, niggaz split like bananas Flavour like Tropicana; orange, mango, peach I strangle each -- negro for they dough Niggaz get to bendin, got two cases, one pendin 560 V-12 engine, women spinnin in 9-2-9 Mazda's, Tammy and Natasha The menage-a-trois around my waist like Ill and Al Skratch smokin 50 sacks in the back of Ac's Windows cracked, so sit back relax Yo Vec, crush the hash, the Beretta's in the stash Hook: repeat 4X [Kleptomaniac] What you doin with yourself? Stone heart's the way to wealth Indecisive thoughts make sentences get dealt Money makes the world go round, robbin shit Fuck a job shit, niggaz want cribs, bricks and spliffs All-wheel automobiles, traction control for clay roads, rollin with dough, kickin game on the cel with bitches on hold, that's how we roll (uhh) Rhymes got tight as hell so to the bank I stroll (uhh) Money on my mind, open lips from my eyes reveal pupils shaped like dollar signs -- [Notorious B.I.G.] -- the world is mine! Niggaz frontin, feelin twelve gauge pellets BIG is repellant, to all that "He say, she say" We play, Russian roulette, fuck the threat Your whole crew's vagina, you and your co-signer Nigga, we rollin in eight and a halfs, TV's in the dash Three G's in the stash, see we love the cash No coke, then get some more Hook [Kleptomaniac] Niggaz don't know bout my game, they don't know how complex it is, baggin bitches in GS 300 Lexuses and the sex is for summer sports Passports for drug transports to remote resorts Bitches with Donna Karan "Catwoman" suits, matchin figure boots Haircut cute, on tops and garters like prostitutes My lyrics explicit Got bitches bringin they own condoms on the first visit [Notorious B.I.G.] If Biggie bring big bowls of beef backin bitch niggaz down, burners bring bundles of belief Common thief, slash drug chief, syndicated Went from 10 K, to 24 K and motherfuckers hate it J.M. sedated, quarantined (uhh) BIG for President, buckin shots past the spleen 9 millimeter dream, Mac 11 nightmares Electric chairs, which MC's do you fear? Big Poppa, Junior M.A.F.I.A., nuff said Niggaz disrespect just are dead... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. (Lil' Ceasar, Notorious B.I.G., Lil' Kim) Album: Conspiracy Song: Player's Anthem [Notorious B.I.G.] Niggaz... bitches... Uhh Chorus: B.I.G. (Niggaz) Grab your dick if you love hip-hop (Bitches) Rub your titties if you love Big Poppa Gotcha, open off the words I say because "This type of shit it happens everyday" --> Slick Rick Verse One: Lil' Ceasar Check it out, uhh Now who smoke more blunts than a little bit? What are you a idiot? Listen to the lyrics I spit like M1's Got mad guns up in the cabin Cause Cease ain't the one for the dibbin and dabbin shit I make it happen, you got your ass caught All you saw was fire, from the Honda Passport or the M.P., what if you see, then I miss ya I blow up spots like little sisters G'wan grit ya teeth, g'wan bite ya nails to the cuticles Like Murray, my killings, be the most beautiful Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, thick like Luke dancers Niggaz grab your gats, bitches take a glance at the little one, pullin over in the Land Rover Playin Big Willie style with a chaffeur, yaknahmean? Stack the green, read all between the lines A nigga act up, makes the bastard hard to find Chorus: repeat 2X Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. (How ya livin Biggie Smalls?) I'm surrounded by criminals Heavy rollers even the sheisty individuals Smokin skunk and mad Phillies Beatin down Billy Badasses, cracks in stacks and masses If robbery's a class, bet I pass it Shit get drastic, I'm buryin ya bastards Big Poppa never softenin Take you to the church, rob the preacher for the offerin Leave the fucker coughin up blood, and his pockets like rabbit ears Covered the wife, kleenex for the kid's tears Versace wear, Moschino on my bitches She whippin my ride, countin my one's, thinkin I'm richest Just the way players play, all day everyday I don't know what else to say I've been robbin niggaz since Run and them was singin 'Here We Go' Snatchin ropes at the Roxie homeboy you didn't know my flow, detrimental to your health Usually roll for self, I have son ridin shotgun My mind's my nine, my pen's my Mac-10 My target, all you wack niggaz who started rappin Junior M.A.F.I.A. steelo, niggaz know the half Caviar for breakfast, champagne bubble baths Runnin up in pretty bitches constantly The Smalls bitch, who the fuck it was supposed to be? Chorus: repeat 2X Verse Three: Lil' Kim I used to pack Macs in Cadillacs Now I pimp gats in the Ac's, watch my niggaz backs Nines in the stores, glocks in the bags Maxin mini-markets, gettin money with the Arabs No question, confession, yes it's the lyrical Bitches squeeze your tits, niggaz grab your genitals Proteins and minerals, excluse subliminals Big Momma shoots the game to all you Willies and criminals I kick the rilli with my peeps all day 325's roll by with the windows down halfway D-K-N-Y, oh my, I'm jiggy It's all about the Smalls and my fuckin nigga Biggie Bitches love the way I bust a rhyme Cause they all in line screamin one more time Niggaz, grab your dicks if you love hip-hop Bitches rub-a-dub in the back of the club, straight up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A f/ Jamal, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Conspiracy Song: Realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Lil' Kim]  Ladies and Gentlemen  You are now listening to the sounds of the Notorious B.I.G. and the Junior M.A.F.I.A.  Jealous niggaz recognize, freak bitches fantasize  Uhh, ahhh.. Chorus: Lil' Cease Uh, one two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know I rocked 'cha Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, uhh Uhh, uhh, yo (Check it out!) [Verse 1: Lil' Cease] Easy livin, bitches givin pussy like it's free My GS3 gleams perfectly Lil' Cease get raw like the stems Land's and Lexus' flexed with the M-A-F-I-A Blunts make my day Friday to Friday stay bent baby Plus stylish, sippin on Bailey's Irish My wish - filthy rich by sixteen Swimmin in cream, fuck a dollar and a dream Song knockin on hoe's answerin machine, uhh True baller, bitch page might call her A little shorty but I like my bitches taller Nastiest, the flashiest You got blunts pass them shits while Big fuck your bitch, uhh, uhh While your nigga take flicks Uhh, yeah, Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique Chorus: Cheek Del Vec One two y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know I rock ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, uhh.. uhh.. uhh [Verse 2: Cheek Del Vec] I admit, back in the days I did stupid shit Now I changed, I'm into bigger and better things like rockin Cuban change, bitch copped the Range Del Vec was set with the Lex and diamond rings Pop Moet with my bitch when it rain Drink away the pain, got mad stress on my brain A little niggarole for dough Copped ki's across seas, in San Domingo From a Cuban kid named Sallio, sell mad perrico Coppin bout four bricks, then I called Nino Meet me at the airport, feds is on the stalk I almost got caught cause the dumb bitch talked How much you make and what we do and where we live at How much my Vee cost and where my cash stash at But the feds still couldn't get nuttin J.M. still stuntin and frontin Chorus: Jamal One two y'all, you know we rock ya Lil' Jamal and Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know we rock ya Lil' Jamal and Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know we rock ya Lil' Jamal and Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know we rock ya, rock ya Lil' Jamal and Junior M.A.F.I.A. [Verse 3: Jamal] Mally G, the villian, keep niggaz feelin My trigger finger enhancin peelin your dome piece with the chrome piece fat I'll fuck around, black, catch a Mac to ya back Lethal weapon with the eighteen leather Scheamin, bustin on whoever out the Jetta Window, think slow sink low Fuckin with raw dog 'Mal you ain't know, ahh Remember this - funkabist lyricist Blow the premises out the frame wit this Killer seen with the guillotine shotty with Junior M.A.F.I.A. rockin ya whole fuckin spot Cockin the Glock, fifty, bust, hit the dust to spit shit murderous, huh Now do you think that you can fade Jamal, I fade dem all And if I have to kill 'em all, I shall Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. One two y'all, you know I rocked ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know I rocked ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, you know I rocked ya Step in the realms of Junior M.A.F.I.A. One two y'all, uhh.. uhh.. uhh [Verse 4: Notorious B.I.G.] I got that venom rhyme like Sprite got lemon lime  Donna Carradine, keep her hair done all the time My rhyme, somewhat Shakespearean, blood I'm smearin in Tongue-kissin my lawyer, at my hearin In this day and age, my rap is like the plague I married this shit, y'all niggaz still engaged Turn blowouts to 360 waves How this 12 gauge feel sittin on ya tongue, on ya lips 'n' dippin with money L in the green beamer Sippin Zima's, on our way to see Katrina She said she need a "Freak Like Me," like Adina Fucked her by mistake she had a twin named Regina I seen her, lights excite all the freaks Squirtin on curtains, lips, tits and sheets Compete, meet death, ya dead, ya die.. Don't fuck with B-I, that's that! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: Face Off 2 * Song: Young G's Perspective Typed by: biggiesmalls@hotmail.com * different from the version on Puff Daddy's "No Way Out"  double CD on Cell Block Records (www.561.net) Intro: [The Notorious B.I.G.] Some Junior Mafia shit right here We just gonna set it off We's know the deal This shit is real On this end, uh Shit is real on this end No friends, J-M (Shit it real on this end) Shit is real on this end (Shit is real on this end) No friends, J-M Verse One: [Junior M.A.F.I.A. member #1] Got into my mind Shit is smoked up, my sight is blind Cock back the nine, Cuz I might not like what I find Murders I seen, killer fiend Through the endosheen Mean burst into flying milloteen Into see I sit, till I'm rit I use the gun and slip exhale Hollow tits Rub my pointer angle This must be the devil's triangle Confused, so I mangle Demons I had to strangle Perfesion hit man, And so they guns Multi clips I grab my gats Got go back and let him pull it Verse Two: [Junior M.A.F.I.A. member #2] I said I'm rough a real bitch Nigga, you better back up with the four-four devid loaded so motherfuckers slack up I shit the raps and craps Give me my snaps Bitches wanting the claps cuz I'm leaving them with fucking gats I write rhymes, the gay mind The maintain mind The rag around my head is for the gang sign So with the bottom lick the sha body shody Fear nobody at less catch fucking bodies On all you bitches, gang-bangers, snitches I get so fucked up I don't know Which, which, is which is Loss need a part of me Trifling and stifling MC's on they ass Two snakes in the fucking grass, nigga Interlude: [The Notorious B.I.G.] Do you know what time is is? No friends, J-M CHORUS: [The Notorious B.I.G.] (What you want?) Yo keys, G-S 3's, the papes Busing in bitches making imperionts late cleaning out cribs coke crums off the plate niggas real protctive young G's Perspective (What you want?) The keys, G-S 3's, the papes Busing in bitches making impirionts late cleaning out cribs coke crums off the plate niggas real protctive young G's Perspective Verse Three: [Junior M.A.F.I.A. member #3] (Lost) The dirty nigga, trigger Fuck the looking good shit I rather grab my gat And cock bullshit Heat I ceep When I creep Using to sneak into leting kept treck And count them greens A nigga drops I wish it was the cops Shit is hot The motherfucking block, lock Verse Four: [Junior M.A.F.I.A. member #4] Wicked creator Life eliminator Continue to sinue Murders on a menu Which get in you Meet the boom on the stab On blood harvester tomb Ctach a body ever full moon MC's with temptaion They're part, afixiation Snake relation Like proper damn nation Since birth On this scortched dirt Badness with the lyricals Pocket full of miricles I'm sick, and sick of being tired Ain't a soul I fear Too tired to care And sunwise To let my tepature rise Eagle eyes Don't believe in me Believe your eyes Should I cry? Cuz I wet a nigga then he die So cock my lie roll up and get high CHORUS: [The Notorious B.I.G.] (What you want?) The keys, G-S 3's, the papes Busing in bitches making imperionts late cleaning out cribs coke crums off the plate niggas real protctive young G's Perspective The keys, G-S 3's, the papes Busing in bitches making impirionts late cleaning out cribs coke crums off the plate niggas real protctive young G's Perspective Verse Five: [Junior M.A.F.I.A. member #5] How cause dirty bodies and glut cluts Very busses and buck shots Cock gluts and run the block Niggas in they clean they clucks Niggas can see me nuts Let it get hot Murder mo niggas and gotta load of reps She think mets and cot Because I only get drastic So who hasta, black plastic Specs in the back with all the caskets Who can be mo killa? Blood spilla? Clips with hollow points So when a nigga slips He shits like he's got salmonela Danger approaches Checking for who gets closest You're closest to get my focus Smoke the rookies like roaches Who can cause more terror then this Like a full terrorist Breaking niggas like matches Broken bitches appoaches And you know this Nigga lets it increase With mo heat than a heater specialy when I got my milometer burning up these niggas like VD these niggas try to see me now I'm making benders like Houdini CHORUS: [The Notorious B.I.G.] (What you want?) The keys, G-S 3's, the papes Busing in bitches making imperionts late cleaning out cribs coke crums off the plate niggas real protctive young G's Perspective (What you want?) The keys, G-S 3's, the papes Busing in bitches making impirionts late cleaning out cribs coke crums off the plate niggas real protctive young G's Perspective, uh Outro: [The Notorious B.I.G.] No doubt, no doubt The Bay Area meets Bedstop Black Jack Junior M.A.F.I.A. Frank White is the fucker Keeping it real for the 9-6 until, uh Yeah, no friends, J-M Uh, no friends, J-M I lead a Black Jack Uh, no friends, J-M Uh, the snakes No friends, J-M, uh No friends, J-M, uh Uh, No friends J-M The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Junior M.A.F.I.A. Album: Get Money 12" Song: Gettin Money (Get Money remix) Biggie's Talking intro Repeat 6x Mafioso Little Ceas: How you figure that your team can affect my cream Gold and platinum. Black since I stepped on the scene Kn - I mean. Peep the scene: Jacoooze full of women. She hittin me and him and him much love like wembelton While niggaz screamin killa I'm overseas in my villa Wit my masseuse struttin illa frank switch the plan. Cock the Lexus Lan See cutta, Rockafella 4 hundreds and betta Little Ceas push threes with fives in his eyes not that I'm gon cry for Mary Blige I die for my niggaz packin steel Chicken heads with sex appeal reveal sexual acts up in Capone's Ac The Chocolate Dime watch the Mafia shine -unh Girls git your own, can't touch a dime of mine Biggie  And if you don't stop, then we won't stop Continuously to git (git money) You can be as good as the best of them but as bad as the worst so don't test me (get money) You better move over (get money) Little Kim: Big Momma, keys in Tiawana Some call me Donna Karan or Armani Gats for the poonani For brown nose pussy crushers Cap peelin others. Ignorant muthafuckas. Drive a Benz or Miata. This honey's got a sweet peniata. Six shotta Little Kim the Black Erika Caine -in Who remains in Chanel frames and Animals of all kind. Russian Fendi sables with matchin pool tables Read the Label - MAFIA Admirin my shoes by Gucci I be eatin sushi, playin with my coochi Countin lucci. Nigga I got banks to rob Convertable Saabs. I'm married to the mob Biggie  Biggie Smalls: Frank White the desperado Used to rock the all black Movado The all black Eldorado. All that and a bottle of Don P Niggaz can't harm me, I keep the army. Is Brooklyn in the house? - Without a doubt I'm the rapper with clout everybody yap about check it out: guns I bust em Problems with my wife: don't discuss em Coups and lier jets I lust them Finger prints I dust them. Recent address Stuck you for your stash in your pissy mattress Your mom's a actress. Didn't wanna show me the thing It's okay, she was old anyway. I display Hot 97 rhyme ready. Cocked Mac-11, line steady. Like Tevin Campbell I'm ready to do what I do Continuously to git  You can be as good as the best of them... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim * f/ Lil' Ceasar and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Hardcore Song: Crush On You * Lil' Kim does not appear on the album version of this song UNDEAS Lil' Ceasar, the bitch pleaser Uhh... uh, check it Verse One: Lil' Cease Yo I be buyin em V's, so all my girls be eyein Cease Comin backstage, dyin to get pleased You got me, I rock thee, Versace and linen While you stop your grinnin wit bunch of foxy women Why you speed ball with cards, that's invalid I get clothes, custom made, from a stylist Cruise in my Lexus Land with no mileage While you walk the street until your feet get calloused Take you on a natural high, like a pilot It be all good, toss your clothes like a salad When it's all over put your vote in my ballot It's my diner, I'm Mel, and you're Alice Spend a night, in Lil' Cease palace It be all good as long as you don't act childish While you standin there with the Crist' in your cup If worse come to worse keep this on the hush, uhh   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. I know you seen me on the video (true) I know you heard me on the radio (true) But you still don't pay me no attention Listenin to what your girlfriends mention He's a slut, he's a hoe, he's a freak Got a different girl every day of the week It's cool, not tryin to put a rush on you I had to let you know that I got a crush on you Verse Two: Lil' Cease While you tryin to catch Sea Breeze, I'm in the PV's All chrome D3's, decked out TV's CD's with crazy bass, keep my lady laced Don't be fooled by the baby face I hope ya not, cause your thighs got me hot Only one plan, that's to rise to the top I told you before, when I first pursued I want a interlude, in the nude Or we tastin like food when we get in the mood Listen girlfriend we don't mean to be rude But anything I touch come straight to the rear I take chickenheads like the Playmate Of The Year Cause when I first met her, she had the Lex and the 'tegra Game real good, sex was even better I got it for the cheddar once I hit it in the sack Cause I'm Cease a.k.a. Long Dick from the back   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. Verse Three: Lil' Cease Yo shorty won't you go get a bag of the lethal I'll be right here just chillin witcha people You know Junior M.A.F.I.A. was just a preview I know I had you open, so why I'ma leave you Especially when I know yo' man is fee-ble  It's Cease Degenaro, you know how we do My game is tight, we do the same every night I'm smooth as the words that come from Frank White You messin with city kings with glissy rings That's gonna show you good time pretty thing Cause you was spotted, in the club lookin exotic by somebody, short, dark and chocolate You got it? Any plans to tape yo we stop it Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah we all about a profit I'm the right dude to get you in the nice mood Flossin rocks the size of ice cubes   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Hardcore Song: Drugs [BIG] Never a flaw [Kim] A different kind of high [Kim] Yaknow, feel me on this, huh, uhh Ladies and gents Your dopest host presents extravagence in the ladies' frame, leavin cum stains Niggaz remain in awe, when I brought a Dillinger Throw it to ya jaw, uhh Never a flaw Never before, have you seen such magnificense in the black princess, yesss Flow's phenom, I'm the bomb-diggy Ask Biggie, keep a dedicated squad wit me Call us the Gabbana girls We dangerous, bitches pay a fee just to hang with us Trust, niggaz lust Without a bank account, I doubt we could swing that route Feel me out uhh, I'm used ta hangin wit boosters, in the best name brand with the in-sane clan, man listen My position is lieutenant Like a block of hash, got the burners up in it Percent it, I send it back to ya greasy Freak it arabic style, sha-muck-daha-steesy To please me you got to be well off Bust a shell off, wit a tattoo that starts off Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja Sensimilla, can I feel ya All I wanna do is touch ya The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby (repeat) Uhh, to my niggaz that trick a little To my bitches that suck dick a little While they niggaz lick the middle, I'm the Don y'all High driven Jean Paul Cartier wear Yeah, enough glorifyin Lyrically electrifyin, bitches by lyin bout the clothes they be buyin Some stores won't even let you whores in Til I begin to embarass that ass and get crass Kim surpass, all crews Bitches still drinkin booze I sip Cristal and Landcruise Recieve all the oohhs and the ahhhs, the jewels and the cars Slick nigga, I'm stickin you Baby Pah, uhh Yes indeed, flows first class and yours is coach like the bag, the Prada mama Jog five miles a day then I hit the sauna My girls rock Chanel and smoke mad marijuana Chorus Inhale this, clench your fist Then ya, feel the mist through the uterus Can ya, picture this Life without me, wake up you're having bad dreams cause ya fiend for a toke My crew tote Tocques and mink coats On the cell with the boat What you thought, we get caught and get bailed out Fuck the jailhouse, Hennessey on the rocks is all we got as we sail out, entrepeneurs Cristal pourers, be glad we ain't takin yours Boring huh, I'm warnin ya Style waits for no bitch, a dream bitch when I fuck with scratch and sniff Now I stacks the shit, practice it So no bitch can tax the shit, miraculous So I can relax a bit, and get my toes licked The drugs nigga, a-hah hah hah! Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Larceny, Notorious B.I.G., Trife Album: Hardcore Song: Fuck You Typed by: HWREITZ@prodigy.net, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Trife] Nine shots greet ya, greet ya; hang with Lil' Cease-ah But don't sling pizza, pizza The gat carryin, rap barbarian Ninety-six Blake Carrington I brings the most dangerous diseases Trife please MC's of all types Homosexuals, dykes, intellectuals like my flow, my charm Wifey on the arm and stay fuckin other bitches Style never switches Inhale, exhale, bail Nino Brown out  for shootin up a townhouse in Hempstead, kids fled Rumors was dead, no beef with no cliques Niggaz don't want shit, Trife impresses Lexus GS's, chicks in iceberg dresses Who the best is? MAFIA But faggot niggaz wanna spoil it Stop me from having marble faucets and gold toilets I force it down your throat like sodomy; mama proud of me Cause I stopped killin niggaz for free [Lil' Kim] Uhh, uhh The Anne Klein sportin coke, snortin niggaz lovely I keep my pussy fresh like Dudley; watch the show  as my flow bubble over like Mo's and Cristal's Ain't scared to bust my pist-al, sippin hard on Cristal Dream accounts, large amounts Cause Frank don't play with lai money, get high money Ready to die Grady, no if's, and's, or maybe's I'm not your average lady; put that on my 380 Me and my bitch catch flights to Texas Niggas call us Crystal and Alexis Bump into some hoes that be in Houston boostin Trunk full of Donna Karan in the rental LeBaron Uh, who us? We just swervin, in the dark blue Suburban Drinking Bourbon, with Heinekens for the chaser  Police'll never chase us we too fly for that Processed and fingerprinted we too dime for that I be, flirtin for certain, wearin short skirts and but ain't no dicks insertin see, that's the difference  between me and other bitches, they fuck to get they riches I fuck to bust a nut, Lil' Kim not a slut I gotta reputation to look out for Plus my boss is a outlaw [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhhh... motherfuckers think they tough guys Motherfuckers better hold hands steppin up Faggot ass motherfuckers They really ain't no true players [Larceny] Death comes to those that oppose the clique  Dick-riders get off the dick cause, Larceny got guns for y'all And if I get bagged my lawyers got tons of ones for y'all Catchin cases, niggaz pull they macs out Niggaz getting mad cause I dug they backs out Then I blacks out, start shootin kids Cribs is vicious, makin my escape jumpin bridges Malicious - sometimes the danger taste delicious Rule number three don't take love from no bitches You know what makes me much stronger than you I can take pain much longer than you So what you gon' do when I run up in that ass-crease How you wanna spit a grease? {*echoes*} Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Notorious K.I.M. Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Lil' Kim] (Notorious B.I.G.) What? Here's another one What? (Uh-huh uh) What? Uh! Here's another one (Uh-huh) Uh! Uh! Live from NYC it's Q.B. The heavy weight champ female emcee Girls say they different but uh see In all actuality they wanna be me This chick running around with this stink ass gap And them fake ass raps having panic attacks You ain't a star And your record company know that How you make all this money you just fart and blow it? I'm a business woman now so I'm not concerned I'd bet on Lil' Cease before you and your Firm If this was back in the days I would've been snatched you I'm getting money now Them bitches in the hood they can have you Stop paying these niggas to write y'all shit For the right cream I'd write a hot sixteen Better be careful what you say to me That same shit you shit I'mma make you sniff [Notorious B.I.G.] It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh, uh Everybody wanna Shyne off of BIG Get it, Shyne try-na sound like him when they rhyme You ain't a murderer Nigga please come off that I'm next up to bat motherfuckers get their jaws tapped Bum ass nigga don't even know how to bust a gun ass nigga You dumb ass nigga Rappers acting out the late Frank White's path Once they get in jail they get fucked in the ass Never snitch, never send a nigga to jail I'd rather find him by a boat doing the deadman's float We gangsters Real gangsters b Gun in the greenroom up at BET We gangsters Real gangsters nigga Kill you and cut the head off your babysitter We gangsters We gangsters bitch Even more dangerous now we're filthy rich [Notorious B.I.G.] It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh [Lil' Kim] Uh, uh, uh The moral of the story is this You ain't queen bitch And you ain't BIG dick Now I'm pissed niggas on some "10% Dis"  Well shit I'ma break it down like this Lot of rappers in this game That's cool but uh Only one of us could rule You see its sort of like being in school I'm valedictorian y'all in the audience And I've got nine hundred and ninety-nine votes You got nine hundred and ninety-nine notes You local bitch I'm worldwide Can't you see? Open your eyes I got you by a landslide Y'all mad cause niggas love my style Colgate smile, I'm a bad bitch child Cats be frontin' like they one tough cookie All my real g's do the gangsta boogie [Notorious B.I.G.] (Kim) It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O U-S, you just lay down slow Uh, uh-huh, uh, uh (Uh, uh, uh) Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Queen Bitch Pt. II Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Puff Daddy] Yeah, uh Yeah, uh-uh, uh-uh Beotch! Come on, yeah Uh, uh He-he y'all ain't ready Come on now, turn me up a little bit Every thing you heard Yo that's my word You play the herd And repeat every word It get on your nerves To see how we swerve Watches that shine Dimes with his and her furs Straight from the curb To the suburb In the black suburb Plucking birds, getting served Y'all ain't never learned How this world turn Thought it was over, huh Now we returned! To whom it may concern When you're hot you burn Maybe it wasn't meant to be Or it just ain't your turn The rules also stern Nigga get what you earn And we still move in silence Nigga ya heard? [Lil' Kim] Y'all know who y'all are Wanna battle? Better call an end to all that shit You legit? Spit a bar What? See I won the show Got the illest flow Finding loads of bank rolls in my underclothes It's the original And everybody know I rock diamonds that's red, white and indigo I'm undroppable, untoppable You can't hold me down Don't you know I'm unstoppable Niggas wanna run up in my pussy like a Pap smear I'mma tell you know, just like I told you last year Niggas ain't stickin' unless they lick the kitten, huh Too many bitches just be licking the dick and And I'm a picky one I like my dicks rock hard Not the sticky ones that taste like slaw Oh something missing The shower pissing All up in your mouth What? You think I'm kidding? Cause everything we do (That's right) We got a right to (Come on) You criticize me we despise you If what they say is true We the baddest crew I'm far from broke So why should I be mad at you? [Notorious BIG] (Puff Daddy) Uh, uh Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (Beotch!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (Beotch!) [Lil' Kim] (Puffy) You must be out your mind Or you must be high Fucking with the Teflon bitch from the Sty No where near shy see I make you cry The way I rock you to sleep like a lullaby (Oh yeah and by the way) (You got one more day) (All you got to pay boo you got something to say) Yeah bring it on bitch You ain't strong bitch Thought you'd be around long Wrong bitch Got nothing but love (But when push comes to shove) We turn to thugs (And we put on them gloves) Commence to licking slugs You ain't giving up More bags zipping up Fake thug, nigga what? [Notorious BIG] (Puff Daddy) Uh, uh Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh (All hail the king and queen) Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's (2000 baby, Bad Boy) You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (BEOTCH!) (Rock on and on and on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim, Lil' Cease, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Not Tonight 12" Song: Crush On You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Lil' Cease Undeas (uhh... uh-huh) Lil' Ceaser (uhh... uh-hah, Queen Bee) Uhh (uh-huh, that's me) Uhh, check it (Lil' Kim) Verse One: Lil' Cease Yo I be buyin em V's, so all my girls be eyein Cease Comin backstage, dyin to get pleased You got me, I rock thee, Versace and linen While you stop your grinnin wit bunch of foxy women Why you speed ball with cards, that's invalid I get clothes, custom made, from a stylist Cruise in my Lexus Land with no mileage While you walk the street until your feet get calloused Take you on a natural high, like a pilot It be all good, toss your clothes like a salad When it's all over put your vote in my ballot It's my diner, I'm Mel, and you're Alice Spend a night, in Lil' Cease palace It be all good as long as you don't act childish While you standin there with the Crist' in your cup If worse come to worse keep this on the hush, uhh   Hook: Notorious B.I.G. I know you seen me on the video (true) I know you heard me on the radio (true) But you still don't pay me no attention Listenin to what your girlfriends mention He's a slut, he's a hoe, he's a freak Got a different girl every day of the week It's cool, not tryin to put a rush on you I had to let you know that I got a crush on you Verse Two: Lil' Kim Aiyyo shorty, won't you go get a bag of the lethal I'll be undressed in the bra all see through While you count your jewels thinkin I'ma cheat you The only one thing I wanna do is freak you Keep your stone sets, I got my own baguettes And I'll be doin things that you won't regret Lil Kim the Queen Bee, so you best take heed Shall I proceed? (Yes indeed!) I'ma throw shade, if I can't get paid Blow you up to your girl like the Army grenade You can slide on my ice like the Escapade And itchy-gitchy-yaya with the marmalade Who me? Not you, oh yes, who's he? I even dig yo' man's style, but I love yo' profile Whisper in your ear and get you all shook up But don't blush, just keep this on the hush   Hook Verse Three: Lil' Cease, Lil' Kim While you tryin to catch Sea Breeze, I'm in the PV's All chrome D3's, decked out TV's CD's with crazy bass, keep my lady laced Don't be fooled by the baby face I hope ya not, cause your thighs got me hot Only one plan, that's to rise to the top I told you before, when I first pursued I want a interlude, in the nude You know I love the way you feel-a, sip my tequil-a Works from the dealers, all in chinchila Heat up the clutch, seven-fifty deluxe Then we speed down the hutch, breakin trees in the dutch I'm not the one you sleep wit, to eat quick Want a cheap trick? Better go down to FreakNik You got to hit me off, buy this girl gifts of course So I look slick, in my six, with my Christian LaCroix   Hook (repeat 4X to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Craig Mack (with guests) Album: Flava In Ya Ear 12" Song: Flava In Ya Ear (remix) Flava In Ya Ear (Remix) [ ]= Puff Daddy's lyrics { }= female voice [Baaaaaaaad Boooooooy] [Come out and plaaaaaaaaaaaay] [You know we had to do a remix right?] THE NOTORIOUS B.I.G'S Verse Uhhhhhh, Uhhhhhh, Niggas is mad I get more butt than ash trays, Fuck a fair one I get mines the fast way, The ski mask way, Uhh, Ransom notes, Far from handsome...but damn a nigga tote, [What ya' tote] more guns than roses, Foes is, shaking in their boots, Invisible bullies like The Gooch, Disappear...vamoose...you're wack to me, Take them rhymes back to the factory, I see, The gimmicks...the wack lyrics, The shit is depressing...pathetic...please forget it, You're mad cause my style you're admiring, Don't be mad...UPS is hiring, You shoulda been a cop...fuck hip-hop, With that freestyle you're bound to get shot, Not from Houston but I rap-a-lot, Pack the gat a lot, The flav's bout to drop uhh, CHORUS Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear, Time for new flava in ya ear, I'm...kicking...new....flava in ya ear, Mack's a brand new flava in ya ear, Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear CRAIG MACK'S VERSE AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH here comes the Mack! Word up don't rap no crap you bore me, Wanna grab my dick...too lazy...hold it for me, I'm straight that great plus the heads straighten dreads, I'm everlasting like the toe on Pro Keds, A tech nine, When I rhyme, Plus I climb, Word is bind, You're album couldn't fuck with one line, It's been three years since you last hear, But now I reappear your heart pumps fear, To your gut, Did your girl's butt, I scraped it...shaped it...now she won't strut, I smash teeth, Fuck your beef, No relief, I step on stage girls scream like I'm Keith, You won't be around next year, My rap's too severe, Kicking mad flava in ya ear, Chorus Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear, Time for new flava in ya (sound of glass smashing) RAMPAGE'S VERSE Twenty one...Ninety Four, Mad muthafuckin' hardcore, It's my turn to burn now explore, The flava in ya ear it's the boyscout, I make outs, I make other rappers have doubts, [That's right] You're fucking with the wrong clan and the wrong man that's it, Now you got to get your dome split, I'm going into my knapsack with my gat, Take off my hat, Yes I'm just cool like that, The dangerous, The ruggedness, >From the Flatbush abyss, BLS...97...KISS bounce to this, I wanna live long in this rap game, Niggas know my name, Yo Puffy..., [Burn 'em in the flames] [You're jingling baby]  {Go 'head daddy} [You're jingling baby]  {Go 'head daddy} LL COOL J'S VERSE Heesheeee, Uhhhhh...blowticious, Skeevee [mmmmmm] delicious, Gimme coos coos love me good, Uhh damn, Hollis to Hollywood but is he good?, I guess like the jeans...Uhh, Flava like praleens, Sick daddy iaaamean?, Papa love it when he does it, Niggas buzz it, But tell me was it really just the flava that be clogging your ears, The most safest behavior is to stay in the clear, It's all for you...It's really all for you, {Now what?} Punch back, Close your eyes try to munch that, Oil up your ankles let your Tims tap, Bite the flava it reacts to your gold caps, Word to mama, I tongue kiss a pirhana, Electrocute a barracuda...I'm here to bring the drama, BUSTER RHYMES' VERSE YO!...YO! The flavas in your ass crease ha!, Busta Rhymes' about to bring the noise don't cease ha!, Let me loose from the belly of the beast ha!, Everybody, Hey...HEEEEEEYYYYYYY..Hey! you better believe it's Busta Rhymes and yo  we're bout to rip the Tri-State, Ay yo! Hey...HEEEEEEYYYYYYY..Hey!, I'll split your face and give you stitches, Throw niggas in ditches, Smack the ass on fat bitches, Wait one sec, I'm coming down and rolling with the heavyweight connec to the stomping grond, Now...don't you get suspicious, Grant your wishes everytime, Breaking dishes when I bust a rhyme, I know one thing the whole world least expected, Was how we all connected to break fool on the same record, Five new flavas on beat...feel the fuckin' heat, I really think you should retreat while we blow up the street, Instead of copping pleas just freeze, Maintain the focus while we smoke these marijuana trees, Break it down and disappear...reappear and blow up everywhere, Fuckin' flava's in your ear, CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Forever Song: Real Niggas Typed by: Rghryder00@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] I'm not wit none of that  Standin' around lookin' cool and shit I want you motherfuckers to jump the fuck up And have some motherfuckin' fun You understand what it means to be black? I have my man the Notorious B.I.G in the back I go by the name of the Puff Daddy But check this shit out  Four, five As we procced to give you what you need [Notorious B.I.G] Sick of momma screamin' that "Get a job, nigga" Pressed to the limit, gotta rob me a nigga Simple and plain, my man scooped me in the hoop Whispered in his ear, this is what we gotta do G Got to bang a nigga and bang a nigga good So I could cop a Benz and drive the fuck out the hood Cause baby mama screamin', your daughter twelve months Can't live life slingin' rocks and smokin' blunts Hangin' with the nigga's don't pay the bills And bein' broke at 30 give a nigga the chills So what we gotta do is creep and see a sweet vic Yo, you see that shit? (Hell yeah, I see that shit) Columbian, Dominican, yeah whatever Whoever he was, he had it tucked under the leather Two keys, twenty G's, nigga please Blew his brains out cause witnesses we don't need 1 - 	On the road to riches and diamond rings 	Real niggaz do real things 	Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing 	Real niggaz do real things 	On the road to riches and diamond rings 	Real niggaz do real things 	Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing 	Real niggaz do real things [Puff Daddy] Yeah, yeah, yeah I tote gats wit my nigga, clap wit my nigga Break bread and then break backs wit my nigga Jack wit my nigga, cock the latch wit my nigga Now how you gon' act wit my nigga? Just remember there's a gun to your dome And I will lick shots and run through your home Or better yet I put your son to the chrome Turn the music up and unplug the phone I will kill him, read my lips You too, motherfucker if I don't see no bricks See, I flips when I don't see no chips Yeah, nigga, I know you in pain, I don't care nigga I want the stash, keys, hash, weed, G's motherfucker, freeze Cock sucker, you better bring the things out  Before I blow your motherfucker frame out Nigga what Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Real big nigga's over here talkin' shit Yo fuck that, I'm gon' check these nigga's Fuck that, fuck that What you said? Speak up, I can't hear ya Oh, thought you was talkin' to us, um pardon me, my bad I shoulda known ya'll ain't wanted with these three time losers The open surgeons heart removers Niggaz think they gon' stop my ones Put a contract out and stop ya'll lungs We powerful, don't think that all we got is guns We buy out everything you claim, including your name Mama bitch squeeze the life out of ya'll nigga's Screw barkin', I take bites out of ya'll nigga's Crack open your safe then put a bomb to it Fuck shootin' windows nigga, I jumps through it With the all black hood, he beat a nigga 'till he hurl Then pull the hoodie off so he can see it was a girl When it comes to my nigga B.I.G  I wanna see all ya'll niggaz D.I.E On the road to riches and diamond rings Real bitches do real things Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing Real bitches do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real bitches do real things Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing Real bitches do real things Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Mase, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Been Around the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Mase Yo yo, this Mase, youknowhatI'msayin? You got niggaz that don't like me for whatever reason You got niggaz that don't wanna see me rich You got niggaz that's mad, cause I'm always with they bitch Then you got niggaz that just don't like me You know, the, those P.H.D. niggaz But you know I pop a lot of shit but I back it up though see it's a difference, a lot of niggaz pop shit But a lot of niggaz don't make hits But it's like this whole Bad Boy shit we come to bring it to y'all niggaz, me, B.I., Puff, Lox, whoever Black Rob If you wanna dance, we dance Verse One: Mase Now trick what? Lace who? That ain't what Mase do Got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you Tell you to your face Boo, not behind your back Niggaz talk shit, we never mind that Funny, never find that, Puff a dime stack Write hot shit, and make a nigga say, 'Rewind that' Niggaz know, we go against the Harlem Jigalo Getcha hoe, lick her low, make the bitch, hit the do' I represent honies with money fly guys with gems Drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent Hoes hope I lay so I look both ways Cop says, 'OK, my tint smoke gray' No way, nigga leave without handin me my shit Got plans to get my Land and my 6 Niggaz outta pen'll understand this shit Pop champagne like I won a championship (uhh, uhh) Chorus: sung by Notorious B.I.G. 	spoken words by Puff Been around the world and I I I And we been playa hated [say what?] I don't know and I don't know why Why they want us faded [ahehe] I don't know why they hate us [yeah] Is it our ladies? [uh-huh] Or our drop Mercedes [uhh, uhh] Bay-bee bay-BEE! Verse Two: Puff Daddy I was in one bedroom, dreamin of a million (yeah) Now I'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling (that's right) I was a gentleman, livin in tenements Now I'm swimmin in, all the women that be tens (hoo) Went from Bad Boys to the Crushed Linen Men Now my divi-dends be the new Benjamins (uh-huh) Hoes of all complexions, I like cinnamon Mase you got some hoes well nigga, send em in (c'mon) What you waitin for, let the freak show begin How they came in a truck? (Mase: Nah Puff, that's a Benz) Mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way it's hot and hazy, never shady, you must be crazy It's ridiculous, how you put your lips on this Don't kiss right there girlfriend I'm ticklish (heheh) And I be switchin fees with a wrist full of G's Nigga please, I'm the macaroni with the cheese Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy, Mase Now Puff rule the world, even though I'm young I make it my biz to see that all ladies come (yeah) Get em all strung from the tip of my tongue Lick em places niggaz wouldn't dare put they faces (c'mon) Before I die, hope I, remake a flow by In the brand new treasure on a old try Now when my third dry, even when the smoke lie Eat the mami chochi and drive a low-ride We never ride far, packed five in a car Save money for the drinks, I'm about to buy the bar (yeah) And everywhere I drive I'm a star, little kids all on the corner scream, 'That's my car!' It was days couldn't be fly, now I'm in a T.I. Come in clubs with B.I., now a nigga V.I. (uh-huh) Rock tons of gold, nuff money I fold Roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred out the toe Chorus w/ slight modifications 	line 1, Puff: C'mon, yeah yeah, uh-huh 	line 2, Puff: We been playa hated! 	line 3, Puff: Why? 	line 4, Puff: Why they want us hated! 	line 5, Puff: Why they hate us? 	line 6, Puff: Is it our ladies? 	line 7, Puff: Say what? 	line 8, Puff: Yeah, bay-bee bay-BEE! Chorus w/ Puff talking while B.I.G. sings 	You know, sometimes I gotta ask myself 	Why's there so much jealousy in the world? 	Don't look at mine, get yours (music fades) Radio Show from B.I.G.'s album continued: OK after these messages we'll be back with the Mad Rapper and his brother the Mad Producer, after this *applause* OK just sit back, relax, and enjoy yourself We'll get you through this Take a sip of water, deep breath, that'll do it And welcome back as you can see (You got the check though?) I'm Trevor Jones and I'm sitting in I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper (Did you get the check though?) and he's still pretty mad But, this time he brought someone else with him and quite frankly (yeah yeah) he's even madder (You god damn right!) Mr. Producer (yo, youknowhatI'msayin) why are you so mad? Yo, Iiiiiii, I'ma I'ma keep it real simple for you 	Yeah t-t-t-t-t-tell them niggaz why you mad son! 	Tell them niggaz why you mad son! (OK, gentlemen please, one at a time) 	Tell em why you mad son, word up, tell em why you mad son! YouknowhatI'msayin? Iiiiiii, Iiiiiii be I be I been I been, I been here for the culture, youknowhatI'msayin? I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't I don't be recognizin all that new jack shit 	Yo we don't play, we don't play that shit youknowhatI'msayin? (Please Mr. Producer, explain yourself, Mr. Rapper, please calm down) That nigga be on some bullshit, youknowhatI'msayin? 	We ain't, we don't do that shit, word, yeah He ain't no real producer neither And then come to find out youknowhatI'msayin My brother hipped me to it, the nigga tryin to rap now! 	Oh yeah, that's the shit that got me mad! (Please, Mr. Rapper, once again) 	That's the shit that got me mad! 	That's the shit, youknowhatI'msayin? (It's a family oriented show) 	YouknowhatI'msayin? That's the shit that feds me up (Gentlemen, please) 	Word up, youknowhatI'msayin? (Disregard the foul language) 	I'm watchin this nigga video youknowhatI'msayin? 	They got mermaids swimmin in they living rooms and shit 	like that youknowhatI'msayin? 	This nigga dancin in the rain with kids climbin up mountains and shit 	YouknowhatI'msayin? 	I'm I'm I'm watchin this nigga video (I'm gonna have to ask you to refrain from the language) 	the car goin two hundred miles an hour 	WHERE THE FUCK IS HE GOIN?! (Please Mr. Rapper, please refrain from the foul language) 	The nigga climbin out the fuckin car! (One more time) 	Let me see you try that shit on a train! 	YouknowhatI'msayin? Try that shit on a fuckin train 	What kind of shit, youknowhatI'msayin? 	Got a thousand niggaz write for him, let ME write for you 	Son my shit is jumpin, I got John Blaze shit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, The LOX, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: It's All About the Benjamins (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, uh-huh, yeah Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Goodfellas, uhh [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Now... what y'all wanna do? Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers? Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers On the low from the Jake in the Taurus Tryin to get my hands on some Grants like Horace Yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals Spaghetti, fettucini, and veal But still, everything's real in the field And what you can't have now, leave in your will But don't knock me for tryin to bury seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard on your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word Swimmin in women wit they own condominiums Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums It's all about the Benjamins, what? I get a fifty pound bag of ooh for the mutts Five carats on my hands wit the cuts And some'n European figures, fuck the clutch, what? [Verse Two: Jadakiss] - (overlaps last two lines of Puff Daddy) I want a all chromed out, fuck bein a broke nigga Drinkin malt liquor, drivin a Bro' Vega I'm wit Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh) Rockin Bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon) Lost your touch we kept ours, poppin Cristals Freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah) Enormous cream, forrest green -- Benz jeep for my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme (that's right) We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you You should do what we do, stack chips like *Hebrews* Don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh) Cause I leave you, I'm only here for that green paper which the eagle [Verse Three: Sheek] I'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal sized Picasso's And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's (whoo!) Mienda, with cash flowin like Sosa And the latin chick tranportin in the chocha Stampedin over, pop Mo's, never sober  Lex and Range Rovers dealin weight by Minnesota (uhh) Avoidin NARC's wit camcorders and Chevy Novas (uh-huh) Stash in the buildin wit this chick named Alona (uh-huh) from Daytona, when I was young I wants to bone her (uh-huh) But now I only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha) Trickin, they takin me skiing, at the Aspens (c'mon) Uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin Cristal Pack a black pist-al in the Ac' Coupe that's dark brown (whoo!) Pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin Italian music down the river wit your chick clingin to my bizzalls, player you mad false Actin hard when you as pussy as RuPaul [Interlude: Puff Daddy] C'mon, c'mon, uh-huh 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 4X) 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Now, what y'all wanna do? 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Wanna be ballers, shot-callers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby On the low from the Jake in the Taurus [Verse Four: Lil' Kim] - (overlaps last two lines of interlude) Uhh, uhh, what the blood clot? Wanna bumble wit the Bee hahh? BZZZZT, throw a hex on a whole family (yeah, yeah yeah) Dressed in all black like "The Omen" (say what?) Have your friends singin 'This is for my homey' (that's right) And you know me, from makin niggaz so sick Floss in my 6 with the Lex on the wrist If it's Murder, you know She Wrote it (uh-huh) German Luger for your ass bitch, deep throated Know you wanna fill the room cause it's platinum coated Take your pick, got a firearm you shoulda toted, suck a dick All that bullshit you kick, playa hatin from the sideline Get your own shit, why you ridin mine? (uh-huh) I'm, a Goodfella kinda lady Stash 380's and Mercedes, Puffy hold me down baby! Only female in my crew, and I kick shit like a nigga do, with a trigga too, fuck you (Big: Yeah, yeah, uhh, uhh, uhh!) [Verse Five: Notorious B.I.G.] I been had skills, Cristal spills Hide bills in Brazil, about a mill' to ice grill Make it hard to figure me, liquor be, kickin me in my asshole, uhhh, undercover, "Donnie Brasco" Lent my East coast girl, the Bentley to twirl (uh-huh) My West coast shorty, push the chrome 740 Rockin Redman and Naughty, "Oh where my kitty kat?" Half a brick of yea, in the bra, where her titties at And I'm livin that, whole life, we push weight (uh-huh) Fuck the state pen, fuck hoes at Penn State (c'mon) Listen close it's Francis, the Praying Mantis Attack with the Mac, my left hand spit, right hand grip on the whip, for the smooth getaway Playa haters get away or my lead will spray Squeeze off til I'm empty, don't tempt me Only, to Hell I send thee, all about the Benji's What?? [Outro: Puff Daddy] 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Notorious B.I.G. (uncredited) Album: No Way Out Song: Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash There's times in my life where I just I just wanna run away, I just I just wish the pain would stop I don't wanna cry no more I wish the pain would go away Start a day, bad hands make it hard to deal Sometimes I wanna pull it, end it all with a bullet Hard to live life to the fullest with all this bullshit Mad as fuck, a nigga had enough From jump street, saw my father murder massacre slain One shot took half of his brain, I recapture the pain Twenty-three years, three when it happened Twenty-six now, still I can't stop the tears Then my mood switch, thinkin about this sheisty bitch Kinda funny cause they fake it when they callin you honey On your dick when they think a nigga, might be rich That's when I shit, cause I know you fuck with me for my money Learned the hard way, ain't no correctin the grief Baby moms starts sexin, my so-called beef Don't give a fuck if they Marked me For Death like Steven or relievin your breathin, long as I'm even 'fore I'm leavin Pain... 	I wish this pain, would go away We're talkin about the kind of pain that 	I wish this pain, would go away just gets all up in your heart, and in your soul 	I wish this pain, would go away The kind of pain that makes you feel like you can't go on no more 	I wish this pain, would go away The kind of pain that I wouldn't wish on anyone I can't relate to them cats who hold gats at the gate Is it my fate, am I that nigga, that they love to hate Solely, slowly, cause I rock a Roley they want my brain gone Cause of a fuckin chain on? Migraine's on, now the pain's warm, I stagger And I'm hopin I don't know the cat with the dagger Penetratin my heart, rushed thoughts etched in grief To the City College deceased may you rest in peace To the families, I never meant to cause no pain I know the truth, but if you want, then I shoulder the blame Overcome at times by uncontrollable flames, and multiple pains Now it seems like I'm goin insane For the love of you and hip-hop I expand the news But before my shit drops, I stand accused Don't you think I wish we all was rich? One for all it's pain to see your people when they all can't ball The pain.. 	I wish this pain, would go away 	I wish this pain, would go away I don't wanna give no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away I don't wanna receive no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away God, please take the pain away I can still hear the shots that left my man Big layin on my knees cryin and prayin, then I said "God why? Got to know how hard we try  Don't let him die, please don't let my nigga be dead" But it was too late, California sealed his fate Gone now, hard to move on now, fuck making songs now Wish I could die, I could fly If they don't give a fuck, fuck it why should I? That's when Big spoke, pulled up in a glistening 3 with platinum wings and said, "Puff listen to me" He puts his hands on my head and said "I live through you Make hits continuous, this is what we do I know it might be strenous and times is hard Just keep the faith cause now we rhyme with God Plus you owe it to yourself and don't forget the kids" That's when I opened up my eyes and new Bad Boy lives 	I wish this pain, would go away 	I wish this pain, would go away One day the pain is gonna stop 	I wish this pain, would go away One day there's gonna be no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away [Notorious B.I.G.] I'm tellin you man now don't let these motherfuckers fuck your shit up God I don't give a fuck WHO it is Don't let em fuck yo' paper man, please Big Focus your mind man, do your albums, make them hot joints man fuck these niggaz man Fuck these niggaz man And I'ma tell the same thing to you When you get your shit done, watch your money, and hopefully, I pray for you, you be the shit And soon motherfuckers start screamin your name out like they screamin all these other, so-called hot niggaz Never take your eyes off that shit yo Try to get everything you can out of these motherfuckers yo Ain't no guarantee they gonna love you next year... 	I wish this pain, would go away 	I wish this pain, would go away One day the pain is gonna stop 	I wish this pain, would go away One day there's gonna be no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away One day the pain is gonna stop 	I wish this pain, would go away One day there's gonna be no more pain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Busta Rhymes, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Victory Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Notorious B.I.G.] One, one two Check me out right here yo [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Yo, the sun don't shine forever (BIG: You can turn the track up a little bit for me) But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together (BIG: All up in my ears) Better now than never, business before pleasure (BIG: The mic is loud, but the beats isn't loud) P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better? Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight (BIG: YEAH!) So when you hear somethin, make sure you hear it right Don't make a ass outta yourself, by assumin (BIG: YEAH! Now the mic is lower, turn the mics up) Our music keeps you movin, what are you provin? (BIG: Turn that shit all the way up, yeah) You know that I'm two levels above you baby (BIG: Music's gettin louder) Hug me baby, I'ma make you love me baby (BIG: This shit is hot!) Talkin crazy, ain't gon' get you nuthin but choked (BIG: Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) And that jealousy is only gonna leave you broke So the only thing left now is God for these cats (Puff: It's all fucked up now) And BIG you know you too hard for these cats I'ma win cause I'm too smart for these cats While they makin up facts (uhh) you rakin up plaques [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] In The Commision, you ask for permission to hit 'em He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him You heard of us, the murderous, most shady Been on the low lately, the feds hate me The son of (*Satan*), they say my killing's too blatant You hesitatin, I'm in your mama crib waitin Duct tapin, your fam' destiny lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist Francis, M to the iz-H phenominal Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes Excellence is my presence, never tense Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike Anyone -- Tyson, Jordan, Jackson action, pack guns, ridiculous And I'm, quick to bust, if my ends you touch Kids or girl you touch, in this world I clutch Two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso Now you call me Castro, my rap flows militant, y'all faggots ain't killin shit Ooops Cristal keep spillin shit; you overdid it homes You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone Hold hands and say it like me The most shady, Frankie baby, fantastic Graphic, tryin to make dough, like +Jurassic+ +Park+ did quick to spark kids who start shit See me, only me The Underboss of this holocaust Truly yours, Frank White [Chorus: Busta Rhymes - repeat all 2X] We got the real live shit from front to back To my people in the world, where the fuck you at? Where my niggaz is at? (2X) Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? [Verse Three: Puff Daddy] Put your money on the table and get your math on Break it down, split it up, get your laugh on See you later Dog, I'ma get my stash on There's a bed full of money that I get my ass on I never lose the passion to go platinum Said I'd live it up 'til all the cash gone Ain't that funny, only use plastic, craft it to make classics, hotter than acid P-D, rollin on your tape or CD The girl-boy killa, no team illa The Fam-o, ammo, is every channel We been hot for a long time burnin like a candle What you can do is check your distribution My songs bump in Houston like Scarface produced 'em You ain't gotta like me, you just mad cause I tell it how it is, and you tell it how it might be [Verse Four: Notorious B.I.G.] We got the shit, Mac tight, brass knuckles and flashlights The heaters in the two-seaters, with two midas Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us P. Diddy run the city, show no pity I'm the witty one, Frank's the crook from the Brook' Matty broke the neck of your coke connect No respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish Shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish Venice took the loot, escaped, in the Coupe Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Luc' Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacin him Niggaz step up, we just macin them Placin them in funerals, criminals turned aroused The Brick City, nobody come off like P. Diddy Business wise, I play men Hide money on the Island Cayman, y'all just betray men We spray men - opposition, competition Another day in the life, of the Commission [Chorus] - 2X 	[Puff Daddy - talking over Chorus] 	Aiyyo, can you hear me out there? 	Aiyyo turn me up, nobody can hear me out there 	That's good, it's all fucked up now 	Y'all know it's all fucked up now right? 	What the fuck I'ma do now? 	What I'ma do now? 	Can y'all hear me out there? [Busta] We got the real live shit!! [Puffy] Can y'all hear me out there? (Fuck y'all niggaz wanna do) [Puffy] It's all fucked up now.. what I'ma do now, huh? [Puffy] What I'ma do now? It's all fucked up now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Young G's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Biggie] Uhh, check it out, uhh *singing* I steps in where the Mo's and the hoes at bay-bee! Fuck all that pretty shit Takin it back to the gutter for you motherfuckers Niggaz know the deal Niggaz know who the Don is Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one Peep game, uhh, what, what [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Out of this world like Mars, when I spit these bars Come fuck with these stars up in luxury cars We built them radars to stay free from the cops Crucial choices to make, like A-C or the drop Are we gonna stop? Shit man never my squad go broke Your squad arti-choke Watch your circle vanish like cigar smoke Ain't no joke, when your ones don't show Nigga I know, might say 'Been There Done That' like Dre Through hard work I earn the vault Promise God to never look back or I turn to salt Got nice watches nice cars nice bitches and rings Guess it's safe to say a nigga like me got nice things Can't relate to motherfuckers, who ain't go no cake When you all fucked up, and can't get no break When your fake ass friends, don't help you out when you need it Be on some real bullshit, politely tell you to beat it Fuck that, get your own nigga, don't ask me for shit That's what I did, now they all askin for hits Nigga it's on for the simple fact I let it be known We still fly but seperately cause now I, charter my own Propellers, Goodfellas, leave all them playa haters jealous Billboard charts should tell us, they can't touch us Why niggaz bring the ruckus? Because release day is bigger than Mandela's, motherfuckers Just some ghetto boys Living in these ghetto streets -- these ghetto streets And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive It's just reality [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Yeah, ye-ye-yeah, check These here's the dog years and motherfuckers don't shed I try to bring you life but motherfuckers want dead So I travel with the barrel, with the chrome, with the lead Cause when it's on, then it's on, the shots flowin through your head I been rich I been poor I saved and blown bread Some say I been here before because of the way I zone Some said, Jigga zone is like the fallin of Rome Reoccuring, that he thinks like that cause he's observing Won't be known until I'm gone and niggaz study my bones Mentally been many places, but I'm Brooklyn's own In the physical, onee seems, like a lost body In fact my thoughts don't differ much from that of God body But it's the odd shottie, that got cats, likening me to the mob John Gotti, rap dudes bitin me cause I got it locked like the late Bob Marley Pardon me y'all, the great Bob Marley Solemnly we mourn, all the rappers that's gone Niggaz that got killed in the field and all the babies born Know they ain't fully prepared for this New World Order So I keep it ghetto like sunflower seeds and quarter waters You walk em through it, you know, talk em through it Know these beads is more than music whenever I talk to it Destined for greatness and y'all knew this, when I doubled the pie Had a shorty and a girdle comin out of B-W-I (in school) I hated algebra but I loved to multiply And I told my nigga Big I'd be multi before I die It's gonna happen whether rappin or clappin have it your way Cause if that's my dough you're trappin, I'm clappin your way [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.] Damn it feel good to see people up on it Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it My brain is haunted, with mean dreams GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer than Richie, quickly, niggaz wanna hit me If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit in my circumfrence, mad bitches, with mad lucci Bulletproof vestes under they coochie Spittin my uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggaz represent Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin bent And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies I be smokin trees in Belize when they find me While you still killin niggaz with punany, like heiny and Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw you on the floor with the virus While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke Got lawyers watchin lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it Them country niggaz call me Frank White I'm squirtin off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight Sunrise open my eyes no surprise Got my shorty flyin in with keys taped to her thighs With all the utensils, who hang my china thing She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rental The situation ain't accidental.. What? From a, from a young G's perspective.. (repeat 2X) [Chorus] - 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Can't You See 12", Total, New Jersey Drive sndtrk Song: Can't You See Typed by: devoncohen@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Notorious B.I.G.] Give me all the chicken heads from Pasadena to Medina Bet Big get in between ya Then pick the prognosis, doses Blends and Bends like Twizzlers Biggie's fitting to hurt What's under that skirt? (Slow down, son, you're killin us) Who fillin 'em with octane? Got 'em gassed up 'Bout to get blast up, sup The last one, word to your mother Brother, listen I've seen it when he kissed 'em at the way Made his body shake The high tide it 8 50 I's smoke tank Rap terror whore crow and terror, true Fly by the rivers but this is conspicuous Bad Boys slipped in ninety-five ridiculous My rap's rhymes is like land mines One step, ka-boom, black suits fill the room To whom it may concern, Junior Mafia's the click Act up, I'll have my honeys Total bust your... [Total] In the middle day now baby I seem to think of only you, hey, oh yeah Never thinking for a moment baby That you've been thinking of me too, yeah, so 1 - 	I can't wait for the day 	That we can be together 	I can't let you walk away 	Can't you see you and me 	Were meant to be, oh baby 	And there's nothing left to say 2 - 	Can't you see what you do to me 	Our love was meant to be you were made for me, oh baby 	Can't you see what you do to me 	Our love was meant to be you were made for me Every time I see you I get this feeling, oh yeah Telling me you are the one Oh what a feeling, hey  Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Take me away, so far away Oh what you do to me, oh  I wanna be alone together Somewhere just you and me Oh, oh Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tupac f/ Mav Neal, Notorious B.I.G, Stretch (Live Squad) Album: The Here After Song: Stop The Gun Fight Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com  * Music from "Monday Morning" fades out [Intro: Notorious B.I.G] Check it, I grew up a fucking screw-up Got introduced to the game, got an ounce and fucking blew up Chopping rocks overnight The nigga Biggie Smalls is trying to turn into the black Frank White [Mav Neal] It's a red light! [Stretch:] Running from the police [Mav Neal] How many homies gotta die tonight? [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Awww, yeah, stop the gunfight! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] I can feel it, somebody's trying to start up a fight [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Start up a fight! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Come on and peep game, oh oh! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] But you cannot cease the blame [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] And if you ask me, it's a damn shame! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] We be taking lives that we can't replace [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Over B.S. that don't make sense [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] We got to get better than this [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] We started fighting at our own risk [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] It was something we couldn't resist [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] It's a red. ai ai ai.. light [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] How many homies gotta die tonight? [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Awww, yeah! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga.. [Notorious B.I.G.] We had to grow dreads to change our description Two cops is on the milk box missing Show their toes, you know, they got stepped on A fist full of bullets, and chest full of Teflon Run from the police, picture that, nigga, I'm too fat I fuck around and catch an asthma attack (*heavy breathing*) That's why I bust back, it don't phase me When he dropped, take his glock and I'm Swayze (YEAH!!) Celebrate my escape, sold the glock, bought some weight Laid back, I got some money to make [Tupac] Running from the five-oh ducking and dodging in my survival The Benzo and I let off with my nine, hoe I'm moving swifter than the next nigga, no time for sex Cause in my mind all I wonder is who's next Nigga, my homey slipped and now he pays the price He did a drive-by, sixteen, now he's doing triple life Tell me is it me or my upbringing I spit that thug shit, nigga motherfuck singing I hope you got your Timberlands on tight cause I ain't giving up; I'd rather duck these motherfuckers all night I'm running through the projects, beyotch They'll never catch me Cause I'm loc'd and trigger happy on the.. sneotch Don't say you never heard of me, 'til they murder me I'm a legend; do Thug Niggaz go to heaven? I'm rolling with the thorough heads We're getting ghost on them whores and yo I got no love for the five-oh, I'm running from.. [Stretch]  The police, no matter what I do They got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Stop the gunfight [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] I can feel it, somebody's trying to start up a fight [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Come on and peep game, uh oh! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] But you cannot cease the blame [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] And if you ask me, it's a damn shame! [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] We be taking lives that we can't replace [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] You got swishes in your system, juice up in you [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Now you're red again, over what he said, over what she said [Stretch:] No matter what I do, they got a nigga running from the police [Mav Neal] Now somebody gotta end up dead The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Diddy, Notorious B.I.G. Album: God's Plan Song: Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] Shadyville Entertainment, Bad Boy collaboration [The Last Poets] I love niggas, I love niggas~! Cause niggas are meeeee And I should only love that which is meeeee I love to see niggas go through changes I love to see niggas, shoot the shit But there's one thing about niggas I do not love [50 Cent] Yeah... did it again nigga! [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.] To all my Brooklyn	"Niggas!!" To all my Uptown	"You niggas understand!!" To all my Bronx		"In this world nigga!!" To all my Queensbridge	"Swept you away.." [Notorious B.I.G.] Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick and kicks it quick, you know how black niggaz get with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's Hittin buckshots at niggaz that open spots on the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos Flash the roll, make 'em wet in they pantyhose Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks Just in case a nigga wanna act out I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out [Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2X] We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel us nigga Biggie yo' nigga, 50 yo' nigga Squeeze the trigger, leave a nigga fa' sho'! We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga Biggie yo' nigga, 50 yo' nigga Squeeze the trigger, leave a nigga fa' sho'! [Notorious B.I.G.] Then we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths Just in case dread wanna riff He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried That's a real nigga for ya Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer Spit at the D.A., cause fuck what she say She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway Up North bound first stop, Watertown or Bitch-skill Where the hand skills are real ill You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover Ha hahhh, yo chief, pass the buddha [Verse: 50 Cent] When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand Even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can" Don't let your people fill you up wit octane, I'm not playing Get gassed up to get blast up Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down Check it - thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa 50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa' There's no place like home, New York - New York I run the city, and I don't dance around like Diddy Niggas is giddy, till they smacked silly or sprayed wit the Mac Milli They don't want drama really Pussy niggaz get hard lip syncin my lyrics like Milli Vanilli In the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah!! I'm on fire! Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit Every bootlegger you know, pump my shit bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: To All My Niggas / R.O.C. (Memphis Bleek) 12" Song: To All My Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [P.Diddy] {*gunshot*} Shadyville Entertainment, Bad Boy collaboration [Intro] (50 Cent) I love niggas! I love niggas! Cause niggas are me!  And I should only love that 'presents me I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!) I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again) And to all niggas that do it I love [B.I.G.] To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!) To all my Uptown (You niggas understand?!) To all my Bronx (It's war nigga) To all my Queensbridge (I'll blow you away) [Verse: B.I.G.] Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks Just in case a nigga wanna act out I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out That's real [Chorus: 50 Cent] (2x) We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho! [Verse: B.I.G.] When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths Just in case dread wanna riff He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried That's a real nigga for ya Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway Up North found first stop Watertown Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha [Verse: 50 Cent] When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can" Don't let your people fill you up wit octane I'm not playing Get gassed up to get blast up Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa 50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa' There's no place like home, New York - New York I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really Pussy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire! Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit Every bootlegger you know, bump my shit, bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Eminem, Notorious B.I.G. Album: To All My Niggas 12" Song: To All My Niggas (Remix) Typed by: mike_puertorico02@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] I love niggas! I love niggas! Cause niggas are me! And I should only love that 'presents me I love to see niggas go through changes (Whoooo!!) I love to see niggas shoot through shit (Did it again) And to all niggas that do it I love [B.I.G.] To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!) To all my Uptown (You niggas understand?!) To all my Bronx (It's war nigga) To all my Queensbridge (I'll blow you away) [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.] Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls grips it quick And kicks it quick, you know how black niggas get With the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's Hittin' buckshots at niggas that open spots On the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos Flash the Roll, make her wet, in her pantyhose Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks Just in case a nigga wanna act out I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out That's real [Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2X] We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga Biggie yo nigga, 50 yo nigga Squeeze the trigga' leave a nigga fa' sho! [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths Just in case dread wanna riff He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried That's a real nigga for ya Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer Spit at the D.A. cause fuck what she say She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway Up North found first stop Watertown Of fist-skill, where the hand skills are real ill You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover Ha hahhh, yo Chief, pass the Buddha [Verse Three: 50 Cent] When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand And even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can" Don't let your people fill you up wit octane I'm not playing Get gassed up to get blast up Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down Check it, thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa 50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa' There's no place like home, New York - New York I run this city, I don't dance around like Diddy Niggas is giddy, till they act smack silly Or spray wit the Mack Milly, they don't want drama really Pussy niggas get hard lip syncing my lyrics like Milly Vanilly Even the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah! I'm on fire! Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit Every bootlegger you know, bump my shit, bitch! The Invasion! (Invasion yeah) Green Lantern! the infiltration, we comin'! (yeah) [Bridge: Eminem] I got 50 Cent, I got G-Unit D-Tweezy in this bitch, wit Obie Trice! So watch what you say, 'fore you call our name Cause you say one more thing and it won't be nice! [Verse Four: Eminem] Whoa, here we go, I shoulda known I was bound to get pulled into some bullshit Sooner or later you little haters Are too jealous of us to love us You hate it G-Unit made it and Obie's coming D-Tweezy's coming you're sick to your stomach 50 percent of it's 50 cent The other 50 percent of it's who's color of skin it is But if you even considerin' taking our label down You better find our building and fly a fucking plane into it But I ain't trying to get too intricate into it I'm just trying to you give you a little hint for your own benefit Cause then it's gonna get to the point Where it escalates to some other shit Then I'm a flip, then I'm a get to "Stomping in my Air Force Ones" But you won't be able to tell If it's two pairs or it's one It's just gonna feel like so many feet kicking you You'd think Nike just made these into cleats in this shoe I don't know what it is or what it could be But I get a woody when these pussies try to push me Thinking they gonna put me in a position to pickle me Y'all tickle me pink I think I'd just rather have Pink tickle me Hickory dickory dock, tickety tock tickety A little bit of the diggedy doc diggedy Mixed with a little bit of the {*Eminem vocal scratch*} Wit a pinch of Biggie Look at me, I'm just the bomb diggedy [Chorus: Eminem] We the realest label Don't try to act like you don't feel our label Cause we gon' fuck around and kill your label Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records We the label fa' sho! We the realest label Don't try to act like you don't feel our label Cause we gon' fuck around and steal your paper Obie, D-Tweezy, G-Unit, 50, Shady records We gon' kill your label fa' sho! [Eminem] Shady in the place to be see And I got what it takes to +Roc The Mic+ right! Still watch what you say to me punk Cause I'm off probation in less than six months {*gun cocked*} [Outro] Haha, Shady Records Still Aftermath, and don't think we don't Hear you motherfuckers talkin'! Cause we do and we see y'all We just gon' sit back for a minute While I see what the FUCK y'all do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ashanti f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: We Invented the Remix (P. Diddy) Song: Unfoolish Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * The Notorious B.I.G. lyrics in this song are actually from  "Fuck You Tonight" off the _Life After Death_ double-LP. [Chorus: Ashanti and (Notorious B.I.G.) ] See, my days are cold without you (Here's another one) But I'm hurtin' while I'm with you (And another one) And though my heart can't take no more I can't keep runnin' back to you See, my days are cold without you (Here's another one) But I'm hurtin' while I'm with you (And another one) And though my heart can't take no more (Uh) I can't keep runnin' back to you (Uh, uh, uh) (Here's another one, what) [Ashanti] I think about my strength to finally get up and leave No more broken heart for me No more tellin' your lies to me (And another one) I'm lookin' like I got my head on right, so now I see No more givin' you everything There's no more takin' my love from me [Ashanti] I'm glad to wake up every day without you on my brain (Uh) No more where you're laid up at night No more havin' to fuss and fight I'm proud to say (And another one) That I will never make (And another one) the same mistake No more thinkin' bout what you do There's no more me runnin' back to you [Notorious B.I.G.] Some say the X, make the sex Spec-tacular, make me lick you from ya neck To yo back, then ya, shiverin', tongue deliverin' Chills up that spine, that ass is mine Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight If it's alright with you, we fuckin' (That's cool) Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin' in the park Pissy off Bacardi Dark Remember when I used to play between yo legs You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head Straight to yo mother's bed At the Mariott, we be lucky if we find a spot Next to yo sister, damn I really missed the Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that Way she used to giggle when yo ass would wiggle Now I know you used to suites at the Parker Meridian Trips to the Carribean, but tonight, no ends [Ashanti] You must be used to me cryin', cryin' While you're out bumpin' and grindin' (And another one) But I'm leavin' you tonight See, my days are cold without you But I'm hurtin' while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I can't keep running back to you You must be used to me cryin', cryin' (Uh, and another one) While you're out bumpin' and grindin' But I'm leavin' you tonight (Uh, and another one) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big L f/ 2Pac, The Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Archives 1996-2000 Song: Deadly Combination (Remix) Typed by: kill4747@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ron G - echoing at each break] Yes indeed - it's the mix king - Ron G I got somethin - the world - ain't ready for New York City - L.A. - Chicago - Atlanta D.C. - Detroit - New Orleans, y'all know the deal FLAVA!!!! [2Pac] Hahahahahaha! Yeah nigga! Yeah.. that's right.. BAYY-BAYY! That's how we do it Follow me tell me if you feel me I think niggaz is tryin to kill me Picturin pistols, spittin hollow points til they drill me Keepin it real, and even if I do conceal my criminal thoughts, preoccupied with keepin steel See niggaz is false, sittin in court, turned snitches that used to be real, but now they petrified bitches I'm tryin to be strong, they sendin armies out to bomb me Listen to Ron, the only DJ that can calm me Constantly armed, my firepower keep me warm I'm trapped in the storm, and fuck the world til I'm gone Bitches be warned - word is bond, you'll get torn I'm bustin on Guiliani, he rubbin my niggaz wrong And then it's on, before I leave picture me I'm spittin at punk bitches and hustlin to be free Watch me set it, niggaz don't want it, you can get it Bet it make these jealous niggaz mad I said it This +Thug Life+ nigga, we don't cater to you hoes Fuck with me, have a hundred motherfuckers at yo' do' with fo'-fo's.. hahahahaha, yeah nigga! +Thug Life+! [The Notorious B.I.G.] I'm hard, Jehovah said I born from the pearly gates Fuck him, I didn't wanna go to heaven anyway, but my momma had me on my hands and knees With my hands gripped talkin about some "Praise the lord," shit Hail Mary, fuck her! I never knew her I'll probably probably screw her and dump her body in the sewer Our father, my pops stuck up bed spots big, black, and mean with the fifth by the caradeims What you expected from his next of kin I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican I got nines in the bedroom, glocks in the kitchen A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin The lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin Niggaz keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop and my body start to shake, Ron G, stop the tape [Big L] I be that young Freddie Fly smooth glorious kid A Bad Boy, just like Notorious B.I.G. I Roc-a-Fella like Shawn Carter with more game than Ron Harper The bomb sparker rapper slash charm robber While y'all be on the corners bummy and high I be out buyin the finest shit money can buy You wish you was in a position that I'm in Hot rhymin, diamonds shinin, autograph signin My lifestyle is far out Every week bring a different car out I go to nightclubs and buy the bar out, UHH cause I keep cream, I'm large on the street scene Everytime I touch mics you hear all the freaks scream Yeah yeah Big L Harlem's finest, yeah That nigga who hold it down for Uptown [2Pac] Hahahaha, that's how we do it out here on this underground real shit nigga, it's the heat nigga Now rewind this motherfucker, you know you can't help it Deadly combination bwoy! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizzy Bone & Layzie Bone f/ The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Bone Brothers III Song: Cash Money Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Bizzy] Yeah, yeah You know what it is, you know what it is (cash money) Lil' Lay, you know what it is They call him L-Diamond now, keep on shinin baby {"To the Batkave"} [Chorus: Bizzy Bone] Cash money in the bag, bustin a sack in back With my du-rag, who dat, true dat! Cash money in the bag, bustin a sack in back With my du-rag, who dat, true dat! Cash money in the bag [Bizzy Bone] Step in the party, all ready and we will get high, Bacardi and mix it with mango A couple of bottles and go to the table just me and L-Diamond, we shinin like angels Look at the women with curves and angles, hey, I'm finna go tango We'll never change, we doin that same ol' same ol' Shootin in back and now they know, they know Couple of broads, couple of broads, trouble and back to the usual Lil' Lay passed the weed, whatever you need bleed, and everything beautiful Who do, do you, true you, to you, who you? You know we that doo-doo And now I am lookin for mushu, whoo, would you look at that boo-boo My nigga Fubu gettin to talk and chat, quick as a cat and shit that is that They'll never locate it right outta the back and after the club, you know where I'm at Lil' Lay do what he do, you know he the mack of the clique, true though He ready to go, I'm ready to roll I'll be in the car with this bottle when you're ready to roll [Layzie Bone] Let me get this crackin, what's happenin? Yeah, I'm all about my paper stackin I'ma floss on the scene when I feel like flashin Check the record, I went way past platinum I ain't act impatient, I'm smashin takin anything I want cause I got the bacon I'ma keep it shakin, these moves I'm makin Everything to prove, no time is wastin These wasters hatin but it ain't nothin new Niggaz die slow when the thugs slide through Yeah, two deep in that Bentley Coupe pull to the curb like "What it do" I'm a fool with a swag, got my tool in my bag Nigga so clean I don't need to brag Pretty girls on me, tryin to leave with half but they fuck wit'cha boy cause they see the cash I'ma buy the bar, I'ma hit the flo' Stayin out the club cause I'm blazin 'dro I'ma do it real big 'til I'm faded yo I'm the man 'round here, I'm amazin hoe You know this Layzie flow got me mad respect If a nigga disrespect, I'ma have his neck Lil' niggaz in the past that I had to check they found out I was playin with a half a deck, yep [The Notorious B.I.G.] Welcome to my center, honeys feel it deep in they placenta Cold as the pole in the winter Ricochet off the vertebrae, dead splat, where your heart be at That starts the cardiac arrest, where's your vest? You forgot, now you slowly drop cause your heart stopped beatin Your bitch-ass crew is retreatin Niggaz left you fucked up, passed out, wit'cha ass out Pockets ran through, stripped wit'cha brains bashed out Niggaz wanna do me, slugs just run through me Like trees to branches; cliffs to avalanches It's the prayin mantis, deep like the mind of Farrakhan A motherfuckin rap phenomenon I make it hot [Chorus]  repeat 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy Album: What's the 411? (Remixes) Song: Real Love Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] Yes indeed once again  For those who don't know  What the sounds of the youngest DJ in charge Ron G I wanna say whassup to Mary  And this that uptown classic Give it to 'em Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground [Mary] We are lovers through and through And though we made it through the storm I really want you to realize I really want to put you on I've been searching for someone To satisfy my every need Won't you be my inspiration Be the real love that I need 1 - 	Real love 	I'm searching for the real love 	Someone to set my heart free 	Real love 	I'm searching for a real love Oh when I met you I just knew That you would take my heart and run Until you told me how you felt for me You said I'm not the one So I slowly came to see All of the things that you were made of And now I hope my dreams and inspiration Lead me towards a real love Repeat 1 I've got to have a real love Love so true and oh, baby I thought that love was you I thought you were the answer To the question in my mind But it seems that I was wrong If I stay strong maybe I'll find a [Notorious B.I.G.] Look up in the sky It's a bird, it's a plane Nope, it's Mary Jane, ain't a damn thing changed Kickin' ill flava with the Teflon Don Record shop getting props She got it goin' on So what's it gonna be? The real one, the fake one  Ya need a minute to think for whom ya better take What up? My time is up Peace out to brooklyn  Helpin' Daddy-O, hey yo, bring the verse in [Mary] So I try my best and pray to God He'd send me someone real To caress me and to guide me Towards a love my heart can feel Now I know I can be faithful I can be your all and all And give you good lovin' through the summertime Winter, spring and fall Repeat 1 You see I'm searching for a real love And I don't know where to go I've been around the world and high and low And still will never know How it feels to have a real love Cuz it seems there's none around I gotta end it in this way Because seems he can't be found Repeat 1 Repeat 1 until fade while: [Puffy] It's that flavor That's what I'm talking about Ain't no other way to explain it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blige, Mary J. f/ Notorious B.I.G, Puff Daddy Album: What's The 411? - The Remixes Song: What's The 411? (Remix) Typed by: dallas@gdi.net [Puff Daddy] Oh shit (what's that man) I don't know kid, I think it's a party going on Oh it's the remix Check it, yeah muthafuckas What we about to do right about now We gonna get kinda funky I am the Puff Daddy And I'm rolling with my man Biggie Smalls, Mary J. Blige and J-C from Jodeci And we about to do something new And we about to Check it, say what, say what CHORUS: [Biggie] Hey yo, what's the 411, hun (What's the 411, hun) I know you got it going on (Hey yo, I got it going on) [Biggie] As I sit back relax Steam a blunt, sip a Becks Think about the sexy singers that I wanna sex I'd probably go to jail  For fuckin Patti Labelle Ooh Regina Belle, she'd probably do me swell Jasmine Guy was fly Mariah Carey, kinda scary Wait a minute what about my honey Mary The jeans they fittin like a glove I had a crush on you since Real Love Hold your horses I'ma show ya who the boss of intercourse is Sex, I'm takin no losses Even groups like SWV and TLC Can't see B-I-G with telepathy The recipe, a picture hardcore with a gun Pimpin ain't easy but it's always fun When it comes to nuts, I bust'em one by one So what's the 4-1-1 hun CHORUS [Mary J. Blige] Yeah nigga, what makes you better than the next nigga Seen you last week in your black ass car, freak You try to play like Mr all of that But now you wanna come to me with some chit-chat I don't have no time for no wham-bam thank you mam Gas me up, get me drunk and hit, then you scram The same old shit you pulled last week on Pam I'm not having it, no I'm not having it You got to do a lot more of this, that how it be I'm Mary Blige and you just ain't running up in me I need a man who's looking out for some security So come correct with some respect, and then we'll see So if you with it, then rock the 7-digits And I might just give you a call (Damn) If you ain't with it then don't waste your time at all Biggie Smalls, and you don't stop All my love dreams that I've had And my dreams are very special All my life I've looked for you And you make the dream come true You make me another you Love like this is kind of special Things you seem to do devine This is ours to combine I know our love must make a begining Love is life and life is living [Puff Daddy] I like, the sexiest muthafucka And I want to bust the 411 '94 is here We gonna have something new for you on this next album, man Yeah, we gonna have something new for your asses We going to keep it funky Yeah, it's a Bad Boy thing My man Raj on the remix tip Yeah, big shouts to the uptown crew Ugh, to all the people in the Bronx and nation Funk nation that is, that recorded the album My man Busta Rhymes, my man Grand Puba, check it Ugh, yeah, Flip Gray in the house My man Buttnaked, Tim Dawg, ugh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Neneh Cherry f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Home Brew Song: Buddy X (Remix) Typed by: RPMxxxxxxPnPR@aol.com You call your self a family man talking about your family's plans to bring the sweet talk deep and down works better than the average pickup line you put your woman out to pasture on the promises you gave her last year peace and love is on your head the grass is greener playin around your family seed is what you spread Chorus x1 Buddy my friend yeah yeah yeah yeah who you think you fooling  Buddy my friend yeah yeah yeah yeah and what about your woman  Buddy my friend yeah yeah yeah yeah who you think you fooling  Buddy,Buddy my friend I don't care what you do but there's a hypocrite that lives in you cause if your woman gave her love in the same way that you do you'd feel a way ya know ya would Chorus x1 Buddy my friend yeah yeah yeah yeah who you think you fooling  Buddy my friend yeah yeah yeah yeah and what about your woman  Buddy my friend yeah yeah yeah yeah who you think you fooling  Buddy,Buddy my friend Treat her that way and you'll be X'ed soon Buddy X 2 Treat her that way  you'll be X'ed soon Buddy X 2 It's better to be safe than sorry but ya gonna be sorry when it's too late Buddy Buddy Oh yeah Buddy Buuddyaaa wasup Notorious B.I.G. First of all you got me mixed up with Somebody ya done slept with done crept with but its too smooth to fall but I stick and move stick and move I'm in the power moves the shower moves butt naked ya know ya love it when i lick it some honeys says I'm lovely but Nenah says I'm wicked look at you you ain't no betta  walking around in ya tight sweater ya long leather you and ya friends always together no time for the B-I-G so I'm O-U-T the sex was great but the headaches I can't take I think I made a very big mistake The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clinton Sparks f/ Notorious B.I.G., XL Album: Maybe You Been Brainwashed Song: I Like (Bonus Track) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Notorious B.I.G] + (XL) Hey, doggystyle nigga YEAH! (Ohh, oh oh oh) Uhh.. can I get witcha, uhh (oh oh oh) Can I get witcha, hey (oh OHH oh) Can I get witcha-cha-cha {*echoes*} [Verse One: Notorious B.I.G.] + (XL) Another day in the ghetto (yeah) One look outside and I'm already upset yo It look about a hundred-and-two It's a Saturday and Biggie ain't got nuttin to do (nuttin to do) Uhh, I'm interrupted by a phone ring Sometimes I wish I never got the motherfuckin thing "Hello hello? Can I speak to Biggie?" Yo who dis? "Talisha!" Yo call back, I'm busy Why don'tcha hit me on the box a little later Washed up, got dressed, hits the elevator Steps out, it's the same old scene Dopefiend, crackfiend, eyewitness news team (yeah) I seen a honey with a butt lookin butter soft I know she looks much better with them clothes up off Sittin all thick with the ruby red lipstick That's the one I got to get with [Chorus: XL] I like, the way that you look, I was hopin we could Maybe spend some time, there's so much that we can do We can party all night, I can tell you're so right (so right) From the way that you shine (yeah) I just wanna get with you [Notorious B.I.G.] + (XL) Uhh.. can I get witcha, can I get witcha (can I get witcha) Can I get witcha, can I get witcha (but can I get witcha) "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T-T (whoa-ooooh) [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] + (XL) She said, "If I get witchu I gotta get witcha whole hood rat crew (ohhh) Whatcha I think I do, sling skins for a livin? My name ain't November, this ain't Thanksgiving You ain't Michael Bivins Smack it up flip it, rub it down Do me baby, I ain't down My name ain't Tupac, I don't +Get Around+ You hittin this, nigga how that sound?" Huh, first of all you got me mixed up with somebody ya done slept with, hold up That's my Neneh Cherry shit, I got somethin slicker (yeah yeahhhhh) Let me just sip up on this liquor (yeahhh) All I wanna do is smoke a little chronic (all I wanna do) +Slam+ ya like Onyx, and get ya Hooked on (yeah) this Biggie Smalls Phonics, 102 How to squeeze 22's in them Reebok shoes, HUH? [Interlude: XL] Hey lady, ohhhhh baby I wanna make you miiii-iiine, ooooooh-oooh And we can riiiiiide, all niiiiight Cause you the shit, yeah, whoo! [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G] + (XL) To all the ladies in the house, oww Uhh, uhh - ta-dow I said walk me upstairs, cause I forgot my Phillies She said "I don't care, just don't be actin silly" I knew I had her trapped with my hardcore rap And it wouldn't take a second 'fore I had her on her back Twiddlin with the bra strap, threw on my Sillk CD cause "I wanna get freaky witchu!" (freaky witchu) Lose control on the skins is all I can picture (I like) Now I'm about to hitcha (yeahhhhhh) [Chorus] - w/ ad-libs [Notorious B.I.G.] + (XL) Can I get witcha, can I get witcha (can I get witcha) Can I get witcha, can I get witcha (I wanna get witcha) "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T-T (whoa-ooooh) Can I get witcha, can I get witcha Can I get witcha, can I get witcha (I wanna get witcha) "Why you wanna get with me?" Cause you got a big B-U-T-T (hey) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Doctor Dre & Ed Lover f/ King Just, Todd One, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Back Up Off Me! Song: Who's the Man Typed by: jjwright@rogers.wave.ca Intro: Mark the 45 King, Ed Lover Who's the man (yea, yea) Who's the man (check this out) Who's the man (four niggas) Who's the man (four distinct styles) Who's the man (once more East Coast) Who's the man (shit) Who's the man (y'all feeling this out there) Who's the man (you better recognize) Verse One: Ed Lover POOOW! Look who stepped up the back kid Not Michael Jackson or the Ol' Dirty Bastard Drinkin' that Shaolin tank slang I'm blastin' The way a record but still kept the plastic Hurry up, with styles that I've mastered Lyin' gives me pleasure so therefore I'm fastin' OOOH NO just can't help So heyyea heyyea heyyea ho! Ya catch the flow, too late I let it go If ya didn't already, act like ya know Five knuckle sandwich from five guys named Moe Peace, arrivederci, I'm out the door But before I go please say I'm your choice My AT & T but your truuuue voice Check it out I'm on Mista Dennis Row row my boat through the channels of Vene ZWAYLA! Hey Poppa the saila To cure, to cure, I'm diggin that Layla Hathaway, can we get away pretty Run a hundred miles as if my name was Speedy Gon-zalez, peace out to Harlem I'm outta here, uh You suckers get demolished Chorus: Who's the man (5 X) Who's the man (next up) Who's the man (I believe that's me) Who's the man (well let your S-T-Y-L-E go free) Verse Two: King Just Yo I'm the man, who made me the man that I am? What motherfucking part you ain't understandin'? I slam tracks like King Kong Bundy I wrestle alligators like Crocodile Dundee Girls want me, but I ain't got no time for the drama Fuck them bitches, I'm the man slash comma The horror got my back, and then Dre put me on the track And now it's on like that I react, like the Juice I get loose Like one-fifty-one proof, I send a mutha off this roof Poof presto chango, rearrange ya Straight from the mental of the Shaolin's temple demented 45 King put the swing in the thing And now I sound like a motherfucking diamond ring Swing, just like Tarzan (Buh dah buh dah) I'm the motherfucking man Chorus Verse Three: Todd One Can I be the man, can I be the man, can I be the man? Yes I can, yes I can, yes I can can It's Todd ONE! Y'all know my stylo Sittin' in the back smokin' uh, shootin C-Lo Tryin' ta make a buck, tryin' to get some butt Time to push your luck Betta pecka women, all y'all get stuck And I'm dippin', messin' with them bitches Cause you know and I know that they out to get them riches But I be chillin' G, just like a villain B So when I rip it I be gettin' top billin', see All that other shit is deaf and mute Because you can't be the man if you ain't got loot Gettin' money is the routine, I'm on a loot scheme Gotta get the dough, get the dough, that's my new theme Todd One's little niggas got flavour If I ain't the man, then the man is my neighbour Chorus Verse Four: Notorious B.I.G. What's up y'all, whatcha gotta say Big smoke chronic all day, all day Split MC's that's a lesson like George Jefferson Wheezy tried to skeez me, couldn't please me Floor inch nex, through Detective Ralph's neck Cause he kept on beggin' for shit Now Big keep on wreckin' the shit And the chronic (cough) got a nigga (cough) rockin' shit Castratin' like that Bobbitt bitch And if ya don't know, now ya know my flow Y'all pick like an Afro, wet like soooo blo Toe to toe niggas can't match Bullets all catch up in your necks and your backs So Little Ceeese, pass the lot please Give honey a pillow, she ain't got the scuffed up knees I'm the killa, no one gets illa Who's the man? I see him every morning in the mirror, uh Chorus Artist: Heavy D, Grand Puba, 2Pac, and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Eddie F and the Untouchables Compilation Song: Let's Get it On Typed by: OHHLA.com [Heavy D]  Yea this is uh Super funk you know what I'm sayin This is for all the players and playetts wherever you at you dig I'm talkin about from this side to that side  East side, West side, your side, my side It's all about being funky man Aiyyo give me that microphone It's Heavy D the baritone and I'm home alone dig it  and I'm always staying freshly dipped on 1-2-5th  where the dogs bark and the dreadlock be sparkin spliff Okay okay okay okay it's Heavy D again Hallelujah I'm on your T.V. screen again You see me on your MTV and on your BET  and on your local focal point video show Nigga this how it flow so fly like an eagle No sequels no weed but I get love from all the thugs  cause they still my people  I'm dynamic punks panic when they see me They get all shook up when my mic's hooked up  Let's get it on!  [chorus]x2  Untouchables at your door  (Let's get it on)  All you wack rappers hit the floor  [2pac] How should I plead forever thuggin on a quest to get G's Runnin from enemies ever since the days of a seed I'm under pressure the stress will have me drinkin thinkin niggaz after me much too paranoid to blink Wonder why the police don't wanna see me stackin G's They after a playa but I won't let em capture me I gotta thank the lord for the weed and the nicotine  I can't sleep close my eyes I see wicked things  I keep my pistol by my bedside one in the chamber Preoccupied with homocide my life's in danger Rollin down the 4-0-5, beware of stangers  Hand on my 4-5 that's what the fame does I'm probably wrong but I'll never know it till I'm gone From out the ghetto where the jealous motherfuckers roam Pass the weed let that Hennessey get to me  before the penitentiary  Let's get it on!!  [Chorus: repeat 2X] Untouchables at your door  (Let's get it on)  All you wack rappers hit the floor  [Grand Puba] I thought you knew I stay true to this rhyme thing I do  I have all the honeys saying, "Go Pu'!"  I flip a style from the projects building 70 apartment 6C I turn food stamps to green stamps rough power amps  and sold weed under corner lamps but now I'm just microphone talkin So when you see my ass have my cash or just keep walking Niggaz got more game than Genesis Seen a movie in L.A. now everybody wanna C  but them youth don't trouble we  because they fall victim to what they see hey!  I keeps it +Reel to Reel+ like my last album title song  but I understand it takes a year for niggaz to catch on (hit em in the head dog) So let's get it on! yea  [Notorious B.I.G.]  Split the dutches fill it with the skunk we about to  get wicked in the joint uh Notorious is glorious  {*cough, cough*} Niggaz now who's the mind blower, the weed grower  Have you seeing doubles like Noah, the rhyme flower  B.I.G. top notch with the glock check your pockets  and your sockets it's just the way my pops taught me  When you throw the drop check em throughly  The bastard might spin around and try to bury me And dead niggaz don't make no moves When I'm slingin in the hood I don't fake no moves aight Reminiscin on my swinger days  when I drove a Caddy and my bitch sported finger waves Yea she had the Gucci roots I had Sarducci suits Oshkosh-begosh Coca-Cola lookin real cute Junior M.A.F.I.A. representin Bucktown Mac-11 cocked back niggaz better duck down Face down you know the routine the cream Earrings you know the drama Biggie bring Let's get it on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Notorious B.I.G., The Lox Album: The Mix Tape Volume II - Sixty Minutes of Funk Song: Notorious B.I.G. & Da Lox Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Funkmaster Flex] Yeah, you know I had to get Bad Boy up on this piece You know I had to get Bad Boy up on this piece! Big shot to my man Puff Daddy, Notorious B.I.G., one time! [Styles] I'd rather not breathe than snitch And I love my niggaz not my bitch, Lox pop the clip If the rap game was the dope game I be a chink named Lu Kang, tellin ma I take her on my own plane Movin with, entrepeneurs, who run the law Coke sniffin bitches holdin forts off the wall Back to reality my mentality is fatality Niggaz makin way over they salary I think way out, like a fifty state lay-out Thugs meetin up in one city to have a spray out Cartels bring in they coke, havin a weigh out Kingpins is crowned, blunts is lit Aiyyo Styles don't exist so a cell ain't shit Jail ain't shit, God'll just teach me quick If they put me in a cell then my ghost'll drift Hold my inf, feel my soul give me the strength [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah, yeah, yeah Pop the gat, aim squeeze precisely Where them niggaz at? Them faggots are sheisty See the problem's that, you way too nice please Where that coke at? Fuck where it might be Don't be like me, hard-headed, and stubborn When my gun burn, much hotter than sunburn You got one turn, I suggest you show me the stash to the cash and the blow, yo Wherever I go, my crew, is true to swarm Got stripes in New York like Yankee uniforms When I was born, I know I make the world darker The age of fifteen, tote gats, quick to spark ya Like Bob Barker, if The Price is Right Lay your ass down for spite, anybody aight? Went from eatin no frills cereals with food stamps to Armani materials, coppin Rembrandts [Jadakiss] I got cats to spray for me, honeys that pay for me Money that lay for me, mami, pray for me Cats that spray for me, honeys that pay for me Money that lay for me, mami, pray for me [Shiek] Uhh, uhh, talkin to me doin shit for you, try God Cause after one in your cabbage you as good as retard Mr. Big Style, too cool, I did this to you Whirlpool maxin, lounge to the end Elevator, next stop, Tony and LaFrenz While y'all still fuckin with them twins from Flatte I'm out in Vegas, tryin to strip Stacey Dash Fuck police talk black I don't do shit in New York Too many supercops nigga, you can have these blocks And these hoes, with them cheap ass Parasucos Get some new clothes, then I let you front in my Porsche And give Jay head, til your squeaky voice turns hoarse [Jadakiss] Four minutes and twenty five seconds to your end You know it be the kiss, grantin your last wish Everybody wanna know who The Lox is Cause we ain't spittin nuttin out but that hot shit Burnin trees, sippin mo', eatin lobsters Up in the oriental joint, usin chopsticks Soon we gonna rock gators, hit bitches from Barbados Then all y'all players gonna hate us Cause everything we do stay gettin overlooked Now y'all be shook cause you dealin with real crooks I can't lie for a while y'all cats was on us But now, if you can't beat us, join us We tryin to blow lye with the Sultan of Brunei In it for the cheddar, Gucci slip-ons and sweaters Black M5 with the headers Andrew Mark be the leathers, mob hats with the feathers Whatever, Goodfellas, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Mister Cee f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Mix Tape Volume IV: 60 Minutes of Funk Song: The Wickedest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Funkmaster Flex] Hold up, shut this shit down It's goin down baby, Funk Flex We about to black out to fuckin Brooklyn, with my nigga Mister Cee cause you know how the fuck I get down! Big dog, pitbull status nigga! [Notorious B.I.G.] Yeah.. You're now enterin the mode of the notorious Biggie Smalls Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, representin This one goin out to Brooklyn, y'all know what time it is It's goin out to all the gangsters All the pimps and players, hoes and bitches Y'all know what time it is.. so this what I want y'all to do I want y'all to grab y'all Dutch Masters  and y'all White Owls and y'all Phillies.. mmm! Get you a fat sack, a pint of Hennessey and lay back  Gon' do this one for my man Mister Cee, representin all day, everyday And all you other tape niggaz, and bootleggers, stay in the house Cause Brooklyn got this shit locked down So any time you're ready Mister Cee we gon' get hardcore on these homos Like I said before, Junior M.A.F.I.A. click, hardcore Uhh, representin Biggie Smalls in the house Uhh, check it, huh [The Notorious B.I.G.] Biggie Smalls is the wickedest Niggaz say I'm pussy? I dare you to stick your dick in this If I was pussy I'd be filled with syphillis Herpes, gonorrhea, chlamydia, gettin rid of ya Got it locked like the penitentiary Niggaz mention me for M.C. execution, who you choosin? The wack MC? Or the black fat MC?  Jack Dempsey would start shakin All it's takin, is some marijuana and I'm makin MC's break fast like flapjacks and bacon Backspins to windmill, who's still the gin drinker Ill thinker - explodin when the paper hits the ink, uhh Take your gangsta chronicles, turn to page 666 Holocaust, Big the merciless Niggaz press they luck-and they get a buttfuck-in Straight up the ass, raw dog with the rash and I don't fuck wit the condoms The condoms is a problem from the AIDS gettin sprayed Diseases, Big pleases, MC's across the seas is just the way I clutch my prey, hey I'm crazy and deranged Blowin niggaz out the frame, simple and plain But gettin back, to the black, rhinocerous of rap Big took a loss, how preposterous is that nigga? Recognize.. notorious Biggie Smalls, ninety-four, "Ready to Die" Y'all niggaz hold y'all heads Mister Cee, set it off baby-pop.. {*Funk Flex scratches the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Game f/ Kanye West, Notorious B.I.G. Album: You Know What it Is Volume 3 Song: Dreams Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kanye West] Yo whassup this is Kanye-to-the Y'know good music is in the building The Roc is in the building I just called, called to shoutout my dawg Game Chillin in the streets right now That "Dreams" joint is crazy We gotta get, get started on our next joint my nigga Holla [Notorious B.I.G.] It was all a dream... (Was it all a dream?) {*2X*} (Was it all a dream?) Dream (dream) dream (dream) dream (Was it all a dream?) (Jay-Z: "It was all a dream") {*3X*} [Notorious B.I.G.] It was all a dream; I used to read Word Up magazine Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine Hangin pictures on my wall Every Saturday, Rap Attack - Mr. Magic, Marley Marl I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped Smokin weed and bamboo, sippin on private stock  Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack  With the hat to match (Jay-Z: "It was all a dream") Duh-ha, duh-ha You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far  Now I'm in the {dream} cause I rhyme {dream} Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade  Born sinner, the opposite of a winner Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky I'm blowin up like you thought I would Call the crib, same number same hood, it's {dream} [The Game] Aaliyah had a {dream} Left Eye had a {dream} [Notorious B.I.G.] And if you don't know, now you know It was all a dream (Jay-Z: "It was all a dream") {*4X*} It was all a dream The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ghostface Killah f/ Notorious B.I.G., Raekwon Album: Fishscale Song: Three Bricks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [27 seconds of street noise to open the song then dialogue] We run the city [Notorious B.I.G.] Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges I got these kids in Ranges, to leave them niggaz brainless All they tote is stainless, you just remain as calm as possible, make the deal go through If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do Please make yo' killings clean, slugs up in between they eyes, like "True Lies," kill 'em and flee the scene Just bring back the coke or the cream Or else, your life is on the shelf, we mean this Frank Them cats we fuckin with put bombs in your mom's gas tank Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty 380's Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out I got gats that blow the wall out, clear the mall out Fuck the fallout, word to Stretch I bet they pussy The seven digits push me, fuckin real, here's the deal I got a hundred bricks, fourteen-five apiece (uh-huh) Enough to cop a six; buy the house on the beach (uh-huh) Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capiche? Everybody gettin cream no one considered them leech Think about it now that's damn near one-point-five I kill 'em all I'll be set for life, Frank pay attention These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades If you die they still get paid, extra probably Fuck a robbery, I'm the boss Promise you won't rob 'em, I promise But of course you know I had my fingers crossed [Chorus: Raekwon] Niggaz got to die, if I go they got to go Niggaz got to die, let a hundred shots float Niggaz got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid ... if I go they got to go Niggaz got to die, let a hundred shots float Niggaz got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid [Raekwon] We up in the lab, two Spanish, one Arab lady Layin on the bed, lookin like a drag Had the pillow cuffed, lookin at me and Frank, her grill was rough Who woulda ever think she'd rather do us up But that's the business, back to the sitch on these Puerto Rican kids with pistols Doin sign language is twitchin noses Ask 'em where the money at, yo where the coke at papi? We can do this all day, yo y'all both whack They pulled out, one of my dunn soldiers was wombed out They snuck up on him, put the tool up in his mouth Walked them up in crib, big move, but they grabbed the kid Had the shotty on my beehive, my wig And yo they took me to the bathroom, started up the chainsaw yo You gon' talk or see your brains on the floor That's when 6 to 7 masked men, came in blastin yo All I heard was Frank Lexi get the raw [Ghostface Killah] Bleed just like us, believe my pipe bust If he holdin the right amount of cheese I might rush the spot Up early in the mornin, kick the door in, wave the 4 an' (fuck) the brawlin, cause Tony for the stallin And all I see is $ signs, here's the bottom line either Give up the product or get shot up with a brolic 9 Invest figures to address (niggaz) Workin out, all I curl is my index finger Got a safe that hold more notes than Cortex singers My work is move trays, serve 'em up like gourmet dinners When it comes to cuttin that (coke), who got the best trimmers Edward Scissorhands them grams, (niggaz) respect winners I got them big spenders comin through, hourly Competition, we knock 'em out the box, powerfully Still drop a ill verse, on the D.I., me You might be gone, but the legacy is B.I.G., nigga Uh-huh [Raekwon] Yo I think they tryin to do somethin man I don't know what it is but we gon' go in there handle this business man Straight up, y'knahmean? It's goin down... Let's go handle this man... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Aaron Hall f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Ballers Forever (Compilation) Song: Why You Tryin to Play Me Typed by: webmaster@dj4mula.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*car starting*} [Aaron Hall] When I had.. you had Where I was.. that's where you were By my side that's where you stood, can you feel me? And then you wanted to go out there and play me? (Check it out) Are you crazy? Yo Biggie how we do it? [Notorious B.I.G.] Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love wit 'em Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business  What is this wit you, all you wanna do is lay around and stay around, and get mad when I play around Tuesday I saw you in the Z, but you still wanna get with me Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say So I guess you think I'm slippin cause I ain't flippin Baby I'm Big Poppa ain't no need to be trippin [Aaron Hall] [Background singing] You know that I care - baby Why you keep on stressin me I'm walkin out the door - baby Is this how you want it to be? When you used to call Chorus: [I came runnin to you] And when you were with me [I gave it all to you] Can't nobody do it like me [Fulfill your wildest dreams] Why ya tryin to play [So why ya tryin to play me?] When the tables turn you'll see I know how it's gonna be You are gonna beg, to see me Wanting how it used to be When you used to call Chorus [Notorious B.I.G.] All I do all day is drink Tanqueray Thinkin of a way to put a smile on your face It seems like it's a waste of time, it's why I wrote the rhyme I hear you jumpin in every car, except for mine Should I wine and dine you, put rings on your fingers while sex from the next man in the bedroom lingers? You betta slow your roll baby You ain't got enuff dough to pay me You know the pin number just page me when you real baby Uh! Chorus You should realize [Be-fore it's too late] If you love me right I'll still be here baby [I'm here for you, make no mistake] I've had it all before So girl, why you, tryin to play me? Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Biggie Smalls, Busta Rhymes, Guru, Rob-O, Third Eye Album: Blue Funk Song: A Buncha Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro/Chorus: Who's on the microphone? A BUNCHA NIGGAS! (repeat 3X) I got my crew so other niggas better leave us alone Chorus [Third Eye] The Group Home's down yo, flippin with West and me Charge a gap quick kid, best believe it G Oh, I like to flip the script and have a track record Wreckin it swift, I'm tellin ya to heck with tell to get with the crazy hairy thinkin drinkin cripple drunken monkey style back alley freaky ass to gas technique So peak, it's about to get deep, we just kick your Third Eye right open don't let your eyeball sleep The next step is the check, let's tell theses niggas whassup Cause we get freaky G, no you can't get with me Save yourself the trouble step back black, and don't even bother Word to Shop and Swift they get called in like I'm your father Chorus [Guru] Aiyyo, it's time for me to flow and get down with this I'm pullin out my mic, spittin off some rounds to this I gotta known rep, so son you better slide out Cause when I'm flippin, I'll be rippin your pride out So called gangsters play roles like in the movies Oughta save that, they're way bad, you could never do me I'm real as they come, I'll beat ya numb with my vocal tones Words hit like aluminum bats to your dome No charges against me cause I'm jumpin the law man A-men, punks should cancel their plans As the invincible principle Gang, is gettin bigger Sayin peace to the Heavster rollin with a buncha niggas Chorus [Biggie Smalls/Notorious B.I.G.] I bring drama like ya, spit on my momma Cannibalistic, like that nigga Jeffrey Dahmer I'ma, head peeler, girl stealer Coffin sealer, ex-drug dealer, HUHHHHHH! When I hit you with the blow of death I leave nothin left I cook you up so quick they call me Biggie Smalls the Chef My burner's in my left, I'm not the type to fight I'm blowin up quick like a stick of dynamite So call nine-one-one, Biggie's got a gun The gat to your back, I'm smokin everyone Quick to pack, quick to squeeze on the trigger Who's in the house? HUHHHHHH! A buncha niggas! Chorus [Rob-O] Like yo, beg your pardon, whoa when I put one to the head nuff funk shit startin Fine, so I headline for the public Get mine for my rap subjects Packed with potential, wisdom versatile elements to quench your sense, I get down so feel the mental Rhyme pro I'm Rob-O, the super spectacular Brown skinned junior from Africa Blowin up so it's, possible to freak See the highlight, in fly writing, don't give a [fuck] I split when it's through then it's get with the Guinness brew and give a shoutout to my Uptown crew and still I'm wreckin Chorus [Heavy D] Yo, here I go, here I go, here comes the man again gain Ruff with a pad and pen, so run go tell your friends It's the big belly babalu boogaloo big, boy And I got plenty honies there's no need for no sex toy Free me, slavery, let me go oh no no no No longer will you treat my beautiful sisters like they're filthy hoes Never ran from static men to crew get dramatic And I get crazy respect from crazy crews with automatics Now push could come to shove because they love the way I flip a skip And that's what keeps me kinda popular with all the honeydaps So look at me now, and tell me who is bigger? When I'm on the block I'm with my flock and I'm rollin with a buncha niggas Chorus [Busta Rhymes] Well HELLO HI! HELLO HELLO! How ya doin?! HI! Hello hi HEY, how ya doin?! Voltronic! Busta Rhymes comin with the mad ultrasonic Esophagus to rock it, wreckin niggas need to stop it You get your style busted that's just what they get for comin You want some?! Yes I know you want some of the TALENT! But you can juice up, and em-otionally get wicked to stick it, in your inner groove watch a nigga kick it Ohh hah! Yo Bee, Busta Rhymes be my niggan, never muggin, only lovin and huggin my niggas, as we get bigger we come diesel as masculine figures, L.O.N.S. we gettin thicker with a buncha niggas! YESS! Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michael Jackson f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: HIStory (Disc 2) Song: This Time Around Verse 1: Michael Jackson this time around I never get bit though you really wanna fix me this time around you're makin' me sick though you really wanna get me somebody's out, somebody's out to get me you really wanna fix me, hit me but this time around I'm takin' no shit though you really wanna get me, you really wanna get me Chorus: Michael Jackson he really thought he really had a hold of me he really thought (he really thought) they thought they really had control of me Verse 2: Michael Jackson this time around I'm not gon' get bit though you really wanna get me but this time around I'm takin' no shit though you really wanna fix me somebody's out, somebody's out to use me you really want to use me and falsely accuse me this time around don't treat me like spit though you really can't control me Chorus Verse 3: Biggie Listen I got problems of my own flashing cameras taps on my phone even in my home I ain't safe as I should be things always missin' maybe it could be my friends  but they ain't friends if they robbin' me stoppin' me from making a profit see apology shallow like the ocean I guess I'll resort to gun-tottin' if I was dead broke and smoking I'd probobly be by my lonesome I'm a kill a nigga I ain't jokin' endo smoke got me chokin' I'm hopin' a fool come slippin' so I can blow him open this time around I changed up my flow got rid of the rocks got pits by the door a real set of peoples to watch my back stay away from strangers so I won't slack and I know my nigga Mike like that baby Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michael Jackson f/ Notorious B.I.G Album: Invincible Song: Unbreakable Typed by: jbentley13@hotmail.com [Michael Jackson] Now I'm just wondering why you think That you can get to me with anything Seems like you'd know by now, when and how I get down And with all that I've been through, I'm still around Don't you ever make no mistake Baby I've got what it takes And there's no way you'll ever get to me Why can't you see that you'll never ever hurt me 'Cause I won't let it be, I'm too much for you baby Chorus [Michael Jackson]: You can't believe it, you can't concieve it And you can't touch me, 'cause I'm untouchable And I know you hate it, and you can't take it You'll never break me, 'cause I'm unbreakable [Michael Jackson] Now you can't stop me even though you think That if you block me, you've done your thing And when you bury me underneath all your pain I'm steady laughin', while surfacing Don't you ever make no mistake Baby I've got what it takes And there's no way you'll ever get to me Why can't you see that you'll never ever hurt me 'Cause I won't let it be, see I'm too much for you baby Chorus (2x) [Michael Jackson] You can try to stop me, but it won't do a thing No matter what you do, I'm still gonna be here Through all your lies and silly games I'ma still remain the same, I'm unbreakable [Notorious B.I.G.] Uh, uh, what, uh A lime to a lemon, my D.C. women Bringin in ten G minimums to condos with elevators in 'em Vehicles with televisions in 'em Watch they entourage turn yours to just mirages Disappearing acts, strictly nines and macs Killers be serial, Copperfield material My dreams is vivid, work hard to live it Any place I visit, I got land there How can players stand there and say I sound like them HELLO?! Push wigs back and push six Coupes that's yellow Plus clips that expand from hand to elbow Spray up your Day's Inn, any 'telle you in Crack braggin sick of braggin how my mink be draggin Desert ease street sweeper inside the beamer wagon I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die Put that on my diamond bezel, you're messin with the devil WHAT!! Chorus (3x w/ Ad Libs by Jackson) You can't touch me You can't break me You can't stand with me 'Cause I'm unbreakable OWW! GO ON! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Faith Evans, Notorious B.I.G. Album: The Blueprint 2: The Gift & the Curse Song: A Dream Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jay-Z] It was all a dream {*scratched simultaneously: "It was all a dream" - B.I.G.*} [Faith Evans] + (Jay-Z) Last night I had a dream Thoughts was racin through my head (it was all a dream) Felt so real to me This is what was said.. [Jay-Z] Had a dream I said, bout who he said? Bout B.I.G. I said, that's big he said Dig what he said, proceed he said Indeed I said, so - breathe I did Don't repeat what I say I said, he said nothin He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this What I believe to be a yes I re-peated what was said It came to me like a .. well last evenin I said "You feel playboy," was the greeting he said First thing I wanted to know, what's the reason he was dead? "More money, more problems, better believe it," he said "Careful what you wish for you might receive it," he said I see I said, jealousy I said Got the whole industry mad at me I said Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself nobody built like you, you designed yourself" I agree I said, my one of a kind self Get stoned every day like Jesus did What he said, I said, has been said before "Just keep doin your thing," he said, say no more [Faith Evans] Was it all a dream - tell me Was it all a dream, was it a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam I gotta know {*"It was all a dream"*} Was it all a dream - was it a dream Was it all a dream, a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam [Notorious B.I.G.] It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up magazine Salt'n'Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine Hangin pictures on my wall Every Saturday, "Rap Attack," Mr. Magic, Marley Marl  I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped Smokin weed and bamboo, sippin on private stock  Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack with the hat to match  Remember Rappin' Duke? "Duh-ha, duh-ha" You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far Now I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid, blow up like the {**"World Trade"**} Born sinner, the opposite of a winner Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starsky I'm blowin up like you thought I would Call the crib, same number same hood, it's all good Uhh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga [Faith Evans] Was it all a dream - tell me Was it all a dream, was it a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam I gotta know {*"It was all a dream"*} Was it all a dream - was it a dream Was it all a dream, a dream Was it all a dre-eeee-eeeee-eeam {*"It was all a dream"*} {*"It was all.."*} {*"It was all.. a dream"*} {*"It was all a dream"*} {*"It was all.. a dream"*} {*"It was all.."*} {*"It was all.. a dream"*} [the beat drops out and Jay-Z raps the next part acapella] [Jay-Z] I see I said, jealousy I said Got the whole industry mad at me I said Then B.I. said, "Hov' remind yourself nobody built like you, you designed yourself" I agree I said, my one of a kind self Get stoned every day like Jesus did What he said, I said, has been said before "Just keep doin your thing," he said, say no more The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z and Notorious B.I.G. Album: Reasonable Doubt Song: Brooklyn's Finest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pain In Da Ass]  {*gunshots*} OKAY, I'M RELOADED!!!  You motherfuckers, think you big time?  Fuckin with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time! Here come the "Pain"! {*gunshots*} [Jay-Z] Jigga... (Jigga), Bigga... (Bigga) Nigga, how you figure... (how you figure) Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyyo Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh) The number one question is can the Feds get us (uh-huh) I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters (uh-huh) and niggaz who pump wheels and drive Jettas Take that witcha.. [Notorious B.I.G.] .. hit ya, back split ya Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated  Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug related Most hate it.. [Jay-Z] .. can't fade it While y'all pump Willie, I run up in stunts silly Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me  But on the contrilli, I packs the mack-milli  Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin soft on him  What's ya name? [Notorious B.I.G.] .. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra Peruvians tried to do me in, I ain't paid them yet Tryin to push 700's, they ain't made them yet Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too Niggaz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix (Who?) Motherfucker! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin out for all Marcy - that's right - you don't stop Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop, nigga! [Jay-Z] What, what, what? Jay-Z, Big' Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers Brooklyn represent y'all, hit you fold You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me? I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV (Jigga) Jay-Z [Notorious B.I.G.] .. and Bigga baby!  My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches from 62's, gem stars, my moms dishes Gram choppin, police van dockin D's at my doors knockin [Jay-Z] What? Keep rockin No more, Mister, Nice Guy, I twist your shit  the fuck back with them pistols, blazin Hot like cajun Hotter than even holdin work at the Days Inn with New York plates outside Get up outta there, fuck your ride [Notorious B.I.G.] Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank Wright Leave the keys to your In-tegra (That's right) Chill homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me You're holdin more drugs than a pharmacy, you ain't harmin me So pardon me, pass the safe, before I blaze the place  and here's six shots just in case (Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (Crown Heights...) You don't stop (Brownsville...) You won't stop, nigga! (Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where we from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (Bushwick...) You don't stop (Fort Greene...) You won't stop, niggaz! [Jay-Z] Yeah, yeah, yeah For nine six, the only MC with a flu Yeah I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin to do Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, china white heron Nigga please, like short sleeves I bear arms Stay out my way from here on (CLEAR?) Gone! [Notoriuos B.I.G.] Me and Gutter had two spots The two for five dollar hits, the blue tops Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin "Too Hot" If Fay' had twins, she'd probably have two-Pac's Get it? .. Tu-pac's [Jay-Z] Time to separate the pros from the cons The platinum from the bronze That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz A S1 diamond from a eye class don A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay nigga, huh?! Brook-Nam, sippin on  [Notorious B.I.G.] Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow, tossin ya Mad slugs through your Nautica, I'm warnin ya (Hah, what the fuck?) Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (Flatbush...) You don't stop (Redhook...) You won't stop, nigga! (Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers (Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all (East New York...) You don't stop (Clinton Hill...) You won't stop, nigga! 	{*"Is Brooklyn in the house?"*} [Outro] Uhh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, Junior M.A.F.I.A.  Superbad click, Brook-lyn's Finest, you re-wind this  Represetin BK to the fullest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Live Squad f/ 2Pac, Notorious B.I.G., Scarface Album: House of Pain (Promo CD-S) Song: House of Pain Typed by: dy_face@hotmail.com [Intro: Scarface] Ugh, born in hell, is back [Verse 1: 2Pac] When the motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust? do have you the heart to see a nigga? Before you bust, my name is spoken on the tongue of so many foes Bustin' motherfuckers out the blocks and I ain't even go Now how the hell do you explain, my claim to fame From doin' fix to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame Got these bitches on my jock, niggaz on my block Jealous-Ass-Suckers got it duckin' for my fuckin' glock And bustin' niggaz ass is to stay alive Skinny-Ass-Player watchin' victim motherfuckers fry They ask me how I'm livin? how I'm a hustler? Buckin' busters til they die Now it's on in the ghetto you ain't heard? Niggaz got they AK's headin' for the bird Aimin' at them skin head bitches let them rain Givin' them, wettin' them, welcome to the house of pain... [Chorus: X2] House of pain, house of pain, house of pain, house of pain welcome to the house of pain [Verse 2: Stretch] don't run, got this nigga and he knows that we stressin' he better count his blessings, and get ready for this lesson cause Stretch about to teach him, when I reach him with the Mack and leave that ass down on this mothafuckin' pack-Jack slide you somethin' that a nigga don't take cause mamms runnin' treasure, I'ma see her in this fuckin' wake make way, that nigga play me the other day I'm walking with my son, and the nigga had somethin' to say aiy, the nigga tried to diss boy, he got it twisted he should've watch Amercans Most, I'm listed for killin' mothafuckers like him so I'ma bring him to the House of Pain and kill him with this grim Flim, flam, goddamn, I'ma mack mothafucker before I'ma choke him and smoke him I'ma smack him with my fuckin' gun son you make your lavish dig and I don't know the name so welcome to the House of pain... [Chorus: X2] House of pain, house of pain, house of pain, house of pain welcome to the house of pain (*Coughing*) [Verse 3: Notorious B.I.G.] The country bud got me chokin' I'm on a mission to the point motherfuckers think I'm smokin' Yeah that sick nigga Biggie wit the H-shot fifth Wit the extra clip for that extra shit Don't you know that killin' is thrillin' All the blood spillin, is all up on the drug dealin' A broad gangster my daddy was a thug Had a .38 wit the hallow point slug So when he lit shots Niggaz dropped quicker than bootlegger, sells his liquor A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes Payin' dudes, while kids was on their one's and two's Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster Got the Mac .11's swingin' from my shoulder It's a damn shame I got to put my mom through the strain I'm livin' in a house of pain... [Chorus - repeat to fade] House of pain, house of pain, house of pain, house of pain welcome to the house of pain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Luke with The Notorious B.I.G. Album: Uncle Luke Song: Bust A Nut Typed by: dallas@gdi.net [Luke] Muthafucka, sometimes, you feel like a nut [Biggie] That's what you do What we got here, uh, check it out Here's another one, uh, uh By the Notorious B.I.G. Head, head, and mo' head Representing for the bitches Head, head and mo' head Check it out, check it out now, what Check it out, check it out now Check it out, check it out now, uh, uh [Biggie] I got a bitch that suck my dick 'til I nut Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up Ain't that a slut, (Hell yeah) she even take it in the butt Fuck for about an hour, now she want a golden shower You didn't know that we be pissing on hoes, bitch Luke and Biggie straight shitting on hoes, bitch Lick your toes bitch, fuck no, you must be crazy Squirt in your face and then I'm swayze Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock ya After Big Poppa, fuck all of Junior M.A.F.I.A. The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked Leave your number by the phone, bring your ass on home I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way With the flyest bitch getting head on the highway My way, deep throat on Luke's boat When the moon rises, I'm cuming in her eyes-es Just the way playas play Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day Sucked all day, smoking blunts, counting cheese Fucking bitches 'til they assholes bleed What you say ba-by CHORUS: [Luke] Sometimes Biggie Smalls like busting nuts, Sometimes Biggie Smalls like getting guts Sometimes yours truely like busting nuts, Sometimes yours truely like getting guts [Luke] I gotta fuck her in the butt snatch (Yeah!) I gotta fuck her in her muthafucking pussy (Yeah!) I gotta fuck her doggie-style now (Yeah!) I gotta fuck her muthafucking doggie-style (Yeah!) We gotta suck, fuck, 69 now (Yeah!) We gotta suck, fuck, 60-muthafucking-9 (Yeah) But I tell you what I, I, I owe her one All the fellas in the house say this, "This head is so damn good" Tell them hoes (This head is so damn good) Now all the ladies in the house say, "This pussy it taste so damn good" Tell them niggas (This pussy it taste so damn good) Now all the fellas in the house say, say, "This dick it taste so damn good" Tell them hoes (This dick it taste so damn good) CHORUS [Biggie] Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to Barmitzvah's The Big don't fit, use your lips 'cause I'm feeling kinda itchy for a quicky Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door, Bitch, 'cause I don't love you no more Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me You know me, I like my dick brown like Bobby In the duke shoot, then the bitch get the boot Unless you lick ass and blow dicks like flutes I like'em cute, round tits and fat asses Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night The bitch drink nuts by the pint [Luke] Yo, yo check it out, come on Now check, check, check, check it out, now My pee-pee has a first name It's D-I-C-K-Y My pee-pee has a best friend It's P-U-S-S-Y Now what I really wanna say Now what I really wanna say Is I hit it, eat it everyday Now, before we go, we wanna know If all the ladies in the house is strictly-dickly Say it, (Strictly-dickly) Say it, (Strictly-dickly) Say it, (Strictly-dickly) Now all the fellas in the house, all the fellas in the house Say, say, we are muthafucking strictly-clikly Say it, (Strictly-clikly) Say it, (Strictly-clikly) Say it, (Strictly-clikly) Now all the ladies in the house, all the ladies in the house I know we got to go now, I know we got to go now I know we got to go now So see you on the next page See you on the muthafucking next page Biatch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: O'Neal, Shaquille f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Still Can't Stop The Reign 12" Song: Still Can't Stop The Reign (King Tech Superman Remix) Typed by: vrm17@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "They call me Superman..." "They call me Superman..."	"Big Shaq, where you at?" "They call me Superman..."	"Big Shaq, where you at?" [Shaquille O'Neal] You can't stop it or block it when I drop it Anytime I go rhyme for rhyme on a topic Ain't even fit to step in Shaq's arena I look inside your mind and I seen your shook demeanor in your eyes, why are you suprised No matter how you try, not fly as ?ellequad? The new edition, is this the end of your last night? in the daytime, you couldn't see me with a flashlight I crash flights on sights of my enemies I'm comin through and then I bomb your whole vicinity Why the act of fakin jacks, you're not a friend of me I peeped your card, you're not as hard as you pretend to be Who wanna spark it with the chocolate Macadamia, hair clean to the cranium You know the name, Shaq aim to maintain Money on the brain, can't stop the reign 	"Big Shaq where you at?" [Notorious B.I.G.] What? Uhh, what? Uhh, uhh, what? Uhh Ninety-seven ?caddi lawn? What, what, uhh I creep deep with killers without million dollar figures Blessing *niggaz* in Ac Legends and vigors Cream lizards, cream coogi's, I do my duty As long as they fly as me, get high as me Success in my circle, try to break it, I hurt you  Ain't no gettin out that, I doubt that We want thee exotic, erotic ladies Not them toxic ladies that burn a lot I learned a lot, from junkies to ruffians From bein tied up by Columbians, cause 80 grams was missin Listen, had to change my position  From wantin to be large to head *nigga* in charge My garage, call it celo -- fours, fives, and sixes Honies by the mixes, if it ain't broke, don't fix it Smoked out with Leo, Biggie Tarantino Size like a sumo, Frank White numero uno 	"Big Shaq where ya at?" [Shaquille O'Neal] 7-0, ha, towerin inferno Invincible, smooth individual Who wanna test it, foreign or domestic No matter where you from, I'm not the one you wanna mess wit Origin-al Willie style, livin lavish Private jets to let my shorty shop in Paris I'm not the average, I'm far from the norm Daddy long hittin em strong, keepin you warm [Notorious B.I.G.] A lime to a lemon, my CeCe women bringin in ten G minimums to condos with elevators in em Vehicles with televisions in em Watch they entourage turn yours to just mirages Disappearing acts, strictly nines and macs Killers be serial, Copperfield material My dreams is vivid, work hard to live it Any place I visit, I got land there How can players stand there and say I sound like them, hello Push wigs back and push six Coupes that's yellow Plus clips that expand from hand to elbow Spray up your Day's Inn, any 'telle you in Crack braggin sick of braggin how my mink be draggin Desert ease street sweeper inside the beamer wagon I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die Put that on my diamond bezel, you're messin with the devil WHAT!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pudgee Tha Phat Bastard f/ Notorious B.I.G. & Lord Tariq Album: Think Big 12" Song: Think Big Typed by: LDYMELOMOON@prodigy.net [Notorious B.I.G. Yeah, yeah  This could be something big Uh, this could be something big Big Poppa throwing niggas off a cliff Smokin a spliff Disappear wit my bitch in a Mitsubi Eclipse Read my lips "I kill you" Blood will spill you  Did I say thank you? I grant you three wishes  Cause I be the genie Niggas is ass out like fat bitches in bikini Read between the lines see what I see I see the diary of a sick bastard Junior Mafia blasta Ruggas on the hips Bought coke to flip chicks Bought slugs to fill clips Flippin cokes in corner stores bodega In the back room playin' Sega "Street Fighter 2" I'm invitin' you  Bring your writin crew and they dopest rhymes I hit up in that ass everytime Lyrically I'm untouchable,uncrushable Gettin' mad blunted in the six hundred Benz ask your friends, "Who's The Illest?" Lickin shots niggas screamin "Bigge Smalls tried to kill us!" Chorus: Lord Tariq You think big you get big, champagne and Moet You can party 'til you sweat, the money's yours to get  Cash in abundance, takin stacks in the hundreds One thousand for gators, head stares for the traitors [Pudgee] What? I be the slang slanga  Body boom here come the banga  Your mother should have took you out with a FUCKEN hanga Word up what's the mother fucken deal nigga? Fuck All! You can call me Johnny Real nigga To all MCs that envy this tryin' Never me and you take it easy like mad lion If you mess with me  Your family will be missin' you like we miss EMPD But if you don't believe me you can come see me though And your show will be over just like Arsenio I come a call in you niggas be stallin'  I got the unblievable like my nigga Smalls in Realease date man I can't wait The ass gettin' cash like a New York nigga out of state To the ladies don't waste your time Only sixty nine ??  I do with star sixty nine Give you drama like 2pac  So you gots to gimme glocks for fun Puttin them "On the Run" like Kool G. Rap Like Michael Jackson, "Off the Wall" for y'all I make your people forget you like R. Kelly did to Aaron Hill [Lord Tariq] In god we trust in hoes we lust  In clothes in cash And cars a must Yo I'm the eighty six survior  So bear witness to my ?? Only play with my team Two hundred thousand in my dream Bitches love this curley headed friend Far from a ?? Draw my nigga  and I squeeza for G's  Quicker than a serd  I got styles from the Bronx  And Harlem runner up You think big you get big  FUCK a cut Yo fuck beepers Fuck hustling for sneakers And car speakers Give me ???? To transform his drug paper Bustlin' money dead kid I want Arab and Jew paper And now I'm the sheet  The Lord Tariq So let the ressurected willies speak Cause I'd rather die before my feet My dress code explode Paying hundreds for G's Yo I can play a pear of Lees in rain willie supreme The B-B-S ride the Ave. inside the African taxi can driver While a legend check the style of a survivor MacGuyver,you should have smuthered Yo I got New York covered In the story I'm the last  And there'll never be another Mother fucker Chorus  Outro: Lord Tariq Ha..Uptown Artist: R.A. the Rugged Man f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Cunt Renaissance 12" Song: Cunt Renaissance Typed by: xenos1@student.wit.edu {*screaming*} Intro: R.A. Cunt... {*echoes*} It's the Notorious B.I.G. with the Crustified Dibbs [Notorious B.I.G.] Big rip the twat...down to the asshole (scratched in) Aint no dick like the one I've got (sung) Big rip the twat, in the basement of weed spots even vacant lots  bitches know the spe (?) on the P-U-S-S-Y I take it out the anal, fuckin Big is fatal Dangerous, you should see me swing the jimmy when the Henny's in me, fucking green bitches, like kirk when the cum spurts, I'm out bitch You know what I'm about bitch Hit em, quit em, forget em fist fuckem, dump em, in the truck and find another trick, to lick dick, to the tip down to the asshole, lips red like tabasco A little rascal, call me chupsy upsy (?) or stymie Let me fuck you from behindsy The ass shake Big break hoes torsoes Gotta go, see your groupies at my next show Chorus: B.I.G. - (R.A.) Big Rip the twat (I rip your cunts out with spoons) Down to the asshole (R to tha A) Big rip the twat (I rip your cunts out with spoons) Down to the asshole (R to tha A) [R.A. the Rugged Man] (B-yeah to??) move it over, it's the cunt renaissance,  the cunt renaissance, So tou can lick the shit off my dick after I fuck you in your asses I was put in special ed classes I'm about to do an O.J. simpson on 'em coz the think they slipped when they be pimpin when I put my dick in they be shittin I rip your cunts out with spoons I make you feel pain like virgins on honeymoons I make ill tunes the hairy fat slob, I glorify gluttony Butt ugly, only ugly bitches be fuckin me Now can ya dig it, just work it baby in asociation with dirty crusty asses ??? I cannot be battled when I get spattered ??? ??? mix the blood out my beat and also slaughter from my batterer ??? Pregnant bitch - you get kicked in the belly So fuck all them hookers who had beef with Akinyele Check the studio it's the rockin real bleaargh  Chorus 2X Check it out, Check it out, What? What? (3x while fading out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Hot Lover Tone f/ M.O.P., Notorious B.I.G., Prince Poetry Album: #1 Player Song: 4 My Peeps Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Get on the mic)	--> Biz Markie Check it out yo [ Red Hot Lover Tone ] For all my muthafuckin niggas, word to Hurb, we got stupider Runnin mad circles round your crew like Jupiter Oops, I mean Saturn, rappers sadden Cause I madden, I have been, suckers wish they hadn't I'm baggin the bitches grabbin my pockets - fatten Like Madden, then I just lamp like Aladdin So what you gonna do when I come through your town With mad niggas who +love+ bein locked down Facin convictions, throwin caniptions I got more riches than them royal Egyptians Step to this mic, you're a goner Cause Red Hot Lover's right on like Cynthia Horner I better warn ya, you'll get your ass kicked, I'm blasted That's it, I drop it like a clumsy black bastard I'm gettin figures from my rap niggas Got my shit-kickers, yo, this is for my niggas [ The Notorious B.I.G. ] Introducin the black bastard from Bedrock Guaranteed to make your head rock Tote Glocks, drop cops that mistake me for Rodney, strictly headshots I knock the twist out your dreadlocks Who got the props? Biggie Who got the Glock? Biggie But who is he? You can't get my description You need a prescription Two doses of the ferocoius Feel the weight when I'm crushin them Bumrushin em, stuffin em I put the pressure on em, hon Lord have mercy, Jesus Christ He's just nice, he just sliced Like a ginzu, look what I been through The Brooklyn streets, the obese thug nigga from the East The black nine, hard to find muthafucka After the rhyme press rewind, muthafucka Strictly for my niggas [ Prince Poetry of Organized Konfusion ] I nod my head cause the flavor hovers over The Universal Soldier of hip-hop, somebody shoulda told ya 40 Projects Southside Jamaica Queens, please don't ??Sleepwalk?? the unforbidden when most MC's won't Check it, if you ever felt sceptic about my intellect, it's Hectic, I'm like antisceptic on record Disinfect your ??????, sound seizen your sector Local areas, across seas, even in Rome and Mecca I'm known, Prince, Organizin with the Red Hot Lover And the bad brother Biggie Smalls from another  Planet called Brooklyn, hey good lookin Do you like it, hot chocolate after dark, uh, or scared to get you hooked in You might have to seek medical attention, the unforgettable type  Representin my niggas rockin, rockin the mic right Harcore M.O.P. type shit Peace to my other half and my niggas doin bids [ Li'l Fame of M.O.P. ] I used to start more shit than high school bullies I was doin my thing since my nigga Bu-Bang used the steel carts for pullies I break niggas up like referees Put em on point, pack out my joint and makin em move like refugees Li'l Fame rep, is Brooklyn down still? Niggas that fuck around'll catch a beatdown from Brownsville I'm goin all out the western way Old school or new school, I beat your ass like it's freshmen's day [ Billy Danzenie of M.O.P. ] For y'all wanna-be MC's f.a.g.'s You gon' fuck around and make that nigga Bill squeeze I'm representin for all mines with nines Hardcore's in town, my niggas that get down A Hillfigure on the trigger (true) Them Crooklyn sounds that pounds and break through Stopped puffin the lye, still sippin the brew So I be on cruise when you snooze and then you loose [ Red Hot Lover Tone ] (It's Li'l Fame, muthafucka - slap, Little Mallet) Word, and Red Hot Lover Tone tossin suckers like salad Incredible vocabulary comin from the Brooklyn freak Peace to Fulton Street Knuckleheads'll get wrecked with the quick mic-check My intellect shows no respect for suckers who slept In fact my rap style attracts I have your girl lookin for me in broad daylight with a flashlight - pillow and matress on her back Cause yo shit is wack So here goes the No-Doze, I'm puttin it on foes who oppose Comin off like porno pantie hose Peace to Organized Konfusion and B.I.G. The M.O.P., from R-e-d For all my niggas in the NYC The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: R. Kelly with The Notorious B.I.G. Album: R. Kelly Song: (You To Be) Be Happy Typed by: dallas@gdi.net [R. Kelly] Everyday and night I pray Love will swing you back this way Life without you here with me Ain't the same without you G  Baby, hear me, I never meant to hurt you Baby come and talk to me Let me know what's on your mind Everytime I see you You're running from me all the time  Baby, hear me, I never meant to hurt you I only wanted you.. CHORUS: You to be, be happy You to have the best of things You to be, down with me, baby 'Cause your lovin' is so good  Giving me the run-around Thought our love was going down Baby don't you know that I'm down until the day I die Baby, hear me, never meant to hurt you Girl, you know I'd never do anyhthing to hurt you 'Cause baby I love you Every night and day I pray your love returns Oh I'd give my life if it would only make you happy  [Biggie] Sitting, reminiscing on when you started dissing Spitting in faces in public places Rolex with wood faces had you chipper for months Made some dough, did some shows, now you're starting to front Smoking blunts on the verandah with Amanda She's filling your head with, "he said, she said" Poppa doing this, Poppa doing that But don't tell him I said it, 'cause my Jeep might get wetted Forget it, go on take her work like the Koran Ya'll stay friends, I stay in smoke filled Benzes I regret putting you on to biggouts Honeysuckle six, Biggie secret pajama sets You was a Reebok vandal, now you wear Chanel sandals I made you, why would I play you? Think about it while in the streets you roam It's Dom P's and Chris'ties in the fridge when you get home  CHORUS [R. Kelly] Everyday and night I pray Love will swing you back this way Life without you here with me Ain't the same without you G  CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shawn Wigs f/ The Notorious B.I.G. Album: The 45 King Song: Shady Days Typed by: Cno Evil, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Shawn Wigs] Aiyo, B.I., it's Wigs, baby, what the deal? What's going on? [The Notorious B.I.G.] Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges I got these kids in Ranges, to leave them niggaz brainless All they tote is stainless, you just remain as calm as possible, make the deal go through If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do Please make yo' killings clean, slugs up in between they eyes, like "True Lies," kill 'em and flee the scene Just bring back the coke or the cream Or else, your life is on the shelf, we mean this Frank Them cats we fuckin with put bombs in your mom's gas tank [Chorus: The Notorious B.I.G. (Shawn Wigs)] Let's get this money baby (they shady) we get shady (Dress up like ladies) and burn 'em with dirty 380's (Then they come to kill our babies) that's all out I got gats that blow the wall out (clear the mall out) fuck the fallout [Shawn Wigs] That's word to Dirt, BIG, they pussy son, we moving like murderers Staten Island and Brooklyn's Finest, you know they heard of us Trafficking, moving coke in kids mail boxes, we got Custom teflon line, inside our foxes And if that money ain't on the table like the World Series of Poker We gon' have to catch bodies and move with the coka Shuffle back to Brooklyn and meet, Jeezy and Jigga man Trife and Ghost told me they got, thoughts of some bigger plans Bigger scams, it's Theodore, we run New York It's like, life after death, and I can hear you talk BIG, I'm listening, keeping them drugs in good position and Guns fully loaded with heat, ready for whistling The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Supercat f/ Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy, Third Eye Album: Dolly My Baby - Remix (Single) Song: Dolly My Baby (Remix) Typed by: dallas@gdi.net [Supercat] Bumba claat shoot the bom fire mon Baby girl, you and I want to lie down Yo' mate now or neva Time no wait around forever Step up to her in the area So me got her to the motel I love the girls there forever But I say let love go, then let a lover stay But I need to love the people that I met along the way But I'm hoping there's a lot of the girls of these day I say dolly, 'shamy dolly my baby Oh, say dolly, 'shamy dolly my baby A me say dolly, me say dolly my baby A me say dolly, me say dolly my lady I say she love and she driving me crazy I say she love and she driving me crazy It was the spot, Felipe around St. Johnny And in the spot Mr. Cat and Johnny Puffy The girl up there, me say she want the milk, and now she's honey She found the place, I caught it and I really mak'er horney So me say, "Catch, you are my one and my only" She say, "I like it when you driving me crazy" Oh baby girl you know I love you, love you madly I said, "I love you like all the fish that go swimming out to sea" And I love you like all the pocket money, loves some money And I love you like all the curves on you, lover baby If all of my girls are leaving, then she go across the sea No matter baby girl, you're the one I wanna dolly There's this girl and she killing me with charms When I'm at home I have her in me arms And the loving, and the kissing, and you know where we gone No allowed to leave my Miss, I bring out me arms I miss it, and I loving baby girl with the charms [Third Eye] Bling, bling! Who's that with Supercat (Third Eye!, Third Eye!) Yes black, where all my troopers at (Uptown!, Uptown!) They got my back but I'm still strapped Got the real phat, phat track for my ill rap Black, ain't no shame in my game, just because it's real You think I won't scoop your girl, oh yes I will Check it, check it, it's get hecktic, I'ma wreck it I make fellas jump up and girls get buck naked So, ring around the rosey, a pocket full of dough G You know me, I'm low key, I'll smoke you like a stogie There is no way you can see me, like Stevie Wonder how I'm living G, oh I'm living lovely It's a Bad Boy thing, '93 we coming through Kick it with the flava dude, hit ya on the 1 and 2 Send you on a mission, and you think I'm crazy Supercat, dolly, dolly dolly my baby I'm crazy [Puff Daddy] Knock, knock (who's there?) Puff Daddy, slick trooper from the Q, come with mad props I freek the funky fly remix, kid My man, we make hits, the fly shit that they kick On your radio, it's the Bad Boy, look Making mad noise yo, '93 so act like you know bro (Who is it?) Puff Daddy rolling through with Supercat and Mary J. So what ya say, what ya say [Biggie] I love it when you call me Big Poppa The show stoppa, the rhyme droppa Supercat pass the glock, uh, I see you shivering Check the flavor Biggie Smalls is delivering Lyrical lyricist flowing lyrics out my larynx Chubby competitor, quick to kick a chump in the chest Yes, it's Bad Boy, (Right) hard to the core Lord!, Me can't take it no more Out "I'm a Bad Boy, I'm a Bad Boy, I'm a Bad Boy" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & King Tech f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Wake Up Freestyles Volume 4 Song: Notorious B.I.G. Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [Notorious B.I.G.] Uh, uh I'm flamin' gats, aimin' at These...maniacs, put my names in raps What part the game is that, like ya hustle backwards I smoke backwards and Dutch Eas can't touch me Try to rush me, slugs go touchy touchy Ya bleedin' lovely with yo spirit above me All beneath me, ya whole life ya live sleepy Now ya rest eternally sleepy Ya burn when ya creep me Rest where the worms and the weak be My nine flies, baptize rap guys With the holy ghost, I put holes in most You hold ya toast shakey, slip and try to break me Look what you made me do, brains blew My team in the Marine blue, six coupe Skeeted out, weeded out [* Whispers and coughs *] [Notorious B.I.G. & (Sway & King Tech] Ha ha, yo man I could rhyme all night man (Hey, hey do ya thing) But I just wanna, I wanna curse man it's late (Do ya thing) (Do ya thing man) It's late man (Oh yeah do ya thing) What should I do (Hey, hey just do ya thing man, do ya thing) (Do ya thing) my man [Notorious B.I.G.] Niggas in my faction don't like askin' questions Strictly gun testin', coat measurin' Givin' pleasurin' the Benzito Hittin' fannies, spendin' chips and Manny's Hope you creeps got receipts My peeps get dirty like cleats Run up in ya crib wrap you in ya Polo sheets Six up in ya wig, peace Nigga deceased, mwa may you rest in peace With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours Four-four and fifty-four draws As my pilot, steers my Leer, yes my dear Shit's official, only the Feds I fear Here's a tissue, stop the blod clot cryin' The kids, the dog everybody dyin' no lyin' So don't you get suspicious I'm BIG dangerous, ya just a little viscious As I leave my competition respirator style Climbed the ladder to success escalator style Hold y'all breath I told y'all Death controls y'all, BIG don't fold y'all Uh, I spit phrases that'll thrill you You're nobody till somebody kills you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tracey Lee f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: Many Facez Song: Keep Your Hands High (Notorious B.I.G.) Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches The prestigious cats who speak this Willie shit Flood in pieces, my hand releases snatches Smackin cabbage, half-ass rappers shouldn't have it So I grab it, never run, the out come is usually a beat down brutally, fuck who you be or where you from West or East coast, squeeze toast leave most in the blood they layin in, ask Tray and them (Tracey Lee) Oh shit, I suppose its time to go snitch Flip a line and get the show lit You clown niggaz hold it Down your flow lax, just so you know that We could battle for days like old cats Black, you dealing with a throw back Winnin like straight jacks, with a wide range of rhyme teams, my lyrics they bang like migraines Nigga my name, Tray the terrible Philadelph, wild child incredible too sick for medical attention, people listen It's verbal ascension, like Maxwell many dimensions Flood over tracks, well, mics in critical condition Killin ya Maxell, unveil lyrical skills unknown for my people with illegal cell phones A real MC let's bring it back home Live from the two-one-five, that lost a back bone in charge, and heavily on like break fog You for saw it, nigga stay down Biggie make them hit the floor face down (Notorious B.I.G.) What, what, what, the rings and things you speak about bring em out, it's hard to yell with my bat round in your mouth, its more than I expected I thought them jewels was rented, but they wasn't So run it, cousin, I could chill the heat does it Ran up in your shell about a dozen, you never seen bank like Frank White, ya hand clutchin ya chest plate contemplates, bout to die nigga wait Keep ya hands high Chorus: repeat 2X You don't wanna die, keep your hands high Ain't no right or wrong in this game called survive So you know it's Tray and B-I, G schemin on your cream Why try, keep ya hands high (Tracey Lee) Hey yo it's show time, so I'ma blow nines into your spine So what's yours is mine, you know what this is Bag the Benjamins with all ya riches How quickly, the milli turn Willies to bitches Controllin your fate, a hole in your plate Fuck the show dates, I want the whole state with squads harassin, all of y'all niggaz who flashin We doing this the Tray Lee way, delay Then nigga we spray, aint no ignoring us Me and Notorious (Notorious B.I.G.) I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due south with keys Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks Fuck the hip-hop, them one-two's and it don't stop Me and my nigga Lance, took him and Cease in vans Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants from Branson, now we lamp in, twelve room mansions Bitches get naked off Get Money, Playas Anthem Don't forget One More Chance and, my other hits Other shit niggaz spit be counterfeit Robbing come naturally, in and out like fuckin rapidly Pass the gat to me Make his chest rest where his back should be Fuckin blasphemy, blast me, your family rest in coffins Often, Franquiza, far from soft or fragile, uh Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper slash dope dealer slash guerilla, slash illest turn iller (Tracey Lee) So nigga keep ya hands high Run all your so called possessions, links with baguettes in Keys to your Lex, for us to make your shorties dressed in A full jack maneuver, dont no body move, just the moolah It's RNF and Junior M.A.F., runnin through ya like Kahlua If rum sung then you fly, niggaz with the 45 but True Lies, but you brought out the real nigga in me Now I'ma cock the semi, watch you strip like Demi Chorus 