The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: The Tape Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] And I present to you, to you all The Odd Future compilation What the fuck? Give it up {*applause*} Starring: Casey V, Hodgy Beats, Left Brain, Super 3 and Tyler, the Creator; give it up! Give it up for 'em! Will y'all shut the fuck up? Damn, I'm here Alright, let me configure this Get this ready Aight, let's go [Tyler, the Creator] Nigga seventeen his own fuckin magazine And of course his +Hunger Force+ is +Aqua Teen+ by all means Fuck a deal, signature is legible I'm the reason why niggaz is heatin up they vegetables From being bullied in the sixth, to being dissed by any bitch that can breathe, please throw me in a ditch And I hope I sell a copy of this disc Fuck hope~! I am one short, a miracle of wish Whether you nigga or ese the magazine is great because the article's an essay Half you dumb niggaz can't, even write an essay Cause all of y'all some stupid asses: S.A. You motherfuckers in denial I'm the square just like the tile, right down the fuckin isle Music was my only friend, ever since I was a child I - make niggaz frown just to give myself a smile Mother was my father, the nigga didn't bother to send a kid a dollar, my only role model was niggaz that record and that could play keyboards and wild piano chords make me happy Dr. Seuss more important than Jesus Y'all immigrants to depression, nigga give me a visa We sick, the same lames that sneeze us made us turn to Jazz now, because the black kids would tease us I need a fuckin chain, I need to make it rain I need some fuckin rims, a car that I can rent A verse about swag, jeans saggin on my ass No I don't, fuck that, I am not a fuckin fag I run, and I'm still scared of guns in the marching band but I bang my own drums and Sing my own song, all of my wrongs are right Never got into a fight... hit me~! Bass drum snare, where did it go? Disappear like good music in the past year And, everybody do the same thing I hear the same shit all the time like the radio is queer This isn't a mixtape, it's more of ear rape by kids who think you other niggaz suck It's very offensive, you niggaz defensive If you can't take the heat get the fuck out the kitchen Listen! Tyler, the Creator Hodgy Beats, Super 3, Casey V, Left Brain Enjoy the show Good night Thank you... and fuck you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Odd Toddlers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh, yeah, how you doin the dead{?} Uhh, yeah, uh-huh, yeah Ace, the Creator motherfuh', look Casey Veggies, uh-huh Odd Future look Look... [Tyler, the Creator] Hello, the hype is so mellow Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow with blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title Nigga fuck your role model bitch, I'm my own idol and If you can't face it my nigga you can ass it Might accessorize accessories bring out my assets Nigga this sound on acid, tablets Stussys G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses I suffer from ADHD I should win a fucking award for being me Beat bangin the tom-toms My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons Ace the Underdog, thrown them on the back bender cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender Eatin Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off Step 1: pull your panties down and start to piss off Step 2: run to your radio, turn this shit off Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me with Gucci belts Gucci imprint from leather welts, uh-huh, yeah Ace, the Creator man! Uhh Casey Veggies yo~! Uh-huh Odd Future nigga, get used to it Uhh, let me ay I'ma slow it down real quick for you Look [Tyler, the Creator] I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan I'm your favorite rapper, fan it's an honor to shake my hand On +Award Tour+, on +Excursions+ I'm a virgin of swap meets I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at? The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme, uhh [Casey Veggies] And they see me they play Pictionary I got a good way with words like a dictionary And in that dictionary my name is by "Fresh" They at the same spot they makin no progress Becoming a good rapper ain't that easy of a process Eargasms they have them The hotels we stayin in twelve star Tyler say "Yo Casey just write a twelve bar" If I'm with twelve people, I'm with twelve stars You haters put up your guards They against us? Oh no Red and white diamonds, Supreme box logo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Laxin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] "Once upon a time, there was a young man named..." Hodgy Beats, OF, Super 3, yes [Hodgy Beats] I live for the money so I'm present in the Green Age Mutant - like a Turtle that's Teenage Look nice, but act gutter without a clean face M-V-P me like D-Wade I'm a shooter, like a computer for the internet As if it's intercourse, I'm just not in it yet My house like a sauna, I'm always in a sweat Every time she in my bed, she always gettin wet I wouldn't call it sex but physical intellect Break your ass, then your back, then your neck He's a gangster, you ridin with a roller Wagon wheel, Cabbage Patch, he pushin a stroller Don't show holsters, 'less he pullin the toasters Is that fish dead? Oh yeah he's a floater Full of holes, and I stay in rooms full of hoes Got Tyler lyin to them all like Pinocchio Grow a nose [Tyler, the Creator] Once upon a time there was a boy that could rap Rap, rap, let me talk my crap I said once upon a time there was a boy that could rap Rap, rap... talk my crap Once upon a time there was a boy that could rap Rap, rap, let me talk my smack~! Once upon a time there was a boy that could rap Rap, rap... I said {"Go to sleep"} (Hodgy Beats!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Back For Another One Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash The moment you've all been waiting for [Casey Veggies] Uhh! Say hello to the great one Mixtapes for free; homey here take one It might come in handy A record deal was the best thing y'all can hand me My squad, the new Grammy family Uhh! But they ain't feelin it Oh well, more bars, I'm spillin it Every time I touch a mic, they be like "Yo your touch is tight" Y'alls focus I took slow shots, bash so hard and slow just like a robot, you're not hot man I'm sorry for the truth, customized greatly killin shit Casey feels sorry in the booth, uh Flow's so sweet they put fillings in my tooth, yeah Fillings in my teeth Ace, the Creator on the beat Casey Veggies on the vocals got you niggaz in a chokehold Uh-oh~! Yeah yeah, he's at it again Spread the word, tell your moms and your friend [Chorus: Tyler - repeat 2X] {Yeah, because I'm} Back for another one Back, back, back for another one (God damn) Back for another one Back, back, back for another one [Casey Veggies] The difference between me and them rappers is I wear clothes fresh out the wrapper Undivided attention, the show's on And no cancelled shit, it must go on Nigga volume two, uh, turn up the volume, too I'm crazy lyrically, come get at me seriously Niggas know I kill 'em mentally and spiritually I hope you're hearin me, uh uh First mixtape was hot, I hope you fear me Believe that, y'all niggaz didn't believe that he rap And now y'all bob your heads to the things that he rap Uh, y'all niggaz didn't believe that he rap and now y'all bob your heads to the things that he rap This nigga hated and she clap No handshakes leave daps [Tyler, the Creator] Uhh, damn back for another one with robots I'm so hot, you're cold now here's a fuckin sweater Look, I can't have no other fun with my pops probably cause he out with his other son But, I'm super steezy like my last beat My bitch super greasy like her lunch be granola bars I spill healthy verses, call 'em granola bars Now every bitch wanna eat her Casey Veggies with no salt Now it's so crazy Other people than my moms is callin me baby My nigga get your hopes down, you couldn't persuade me to collaborate with you niggaz, your lyrics is lazy I'm undefeated, but the suede shoes is Puma I'm the cancer and the tumor with the drums and the tubas blastin I'm a crook and it's a castle If I am the shit, then I'm guessin my mom's a asshole The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies, Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Bubble Gum Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Hodgy Beats] Hehehehe Super 3! O.F. Yes, uhhh [Hodgy Beats] Save all your letters and drop your tomatoes Hodgy Beats, with heat, lookin for a large payroll Not dimes, nickels, pennies, pesos I'm tryin to stack chips nigga, peelin my potatoes If I'm not the biggest boss that you've see thus far take a look at the exquisite, luxury cars Big ponts being stuck into a Cuban cigar Promethazine on the leaf only to get bizarre We don't go to the club nigga, we post at the bar Have conversation with girls that don't, know who we are With diamonds in our ears lookin like cube stars I live a Matrix life and we cruise hard [Chorus: Casey Veggies] And I swear I'm a fiend, dope fiend, I'm an addict Crack music going hard, Odd Future gotta bag it And I swear I'm a fiend, dope fiend, I'm an addict Crack music going hard, Odd Future gotta bag it Yeah~! Make it stretch like bubble gum {*3X*} Eh, all the little females like yummy yum [Tyler, the Creator] Now ugly girls get out, the light skinned girls about Without a doubt you niggaz don't amount to shit no need to count Now bring the ruler out like +Rick the Ruler+ paid in full I'm cooler than your cooler, got these hoes, now where's my garden tool Fuck 'em all, all them fuck with the +Future+ +Odd+ back with thrash hard, backyard beach cruiser, look You niggaz can't contain the thoughts that's flowin in my brain it synthesizes skits on neutrons from steering paper plane And the white girls love me, and the haters shove me and push me until I beat the pussy up like it was ugly And that's without the loot, niggaz take the time to tune the diamond dollars bitch I'm complex like Einstein's Rubix Cube Look I'm the truth, now stop daring me Niggaz kill yourself and decide to go back to therapy And my right is right, my right is left, my left is wrong Now bitches throw your fuckin bras off while I'll be writing my songs [Hodgy Beats] Gimme a couple commas while I abbreviate The war between the pen and paper I alleviate +Alexander+ is Hodgy, cause I can be the +Great+ as long as I have a hundred mill' in the cheese steak In a big briefcase like I won a sweepstakes Odd Future got money out the ass for G's sakes I feel like I can fly without wings on my back This is crack with me but this crack ain't whack I got niggaz hooked, yeah the stadium packed And I flip that, like a gymnasium mat It's grind time, and I'm makin it stretch Why get less for more when you can get more for less Pure for less, down Five three eight two thousand and press send If you comprehend, what I recommend press send If you comprehend what I recommend Odd Future... {*long instrumental pause*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Fucking Lame Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator - vocal tone pitched up] I'm rollin through Ladera in a Beemer lookin cleaner Drinkin on the blueberry Slurpee, eatin that fajita My passenger seat is occupied by senorita And my mother keeps on buggin me about wantin to meet her I don't really need her, I'm just tryin to treat her real nice so later on up in the night, I could go beat her And make a lie about the gonorrhea So she don't feel guilty about me wantin to leave her That "fuck" on my t-shirt print is cheetah And I got that '87 bunny flow like an Easter Basket, you faggots, is plastic, like nerds with old glasses But I'm still liable to get my ass kicked Conned-Sort actors, a Baby Milo addict in the attic where you losers can't get me Nikon and the Canon, they were never the same And please do not take a picture, I can't be seen with you lames Man, y'all some motherfuckin lames Man, y'all some motherfuckin lames Don't lie to yourself, y'all some lames Man, y'all some motherfuckin lames The Canon don't flash, y'all some lames I can not be seen with you lames You motherfuckers is the lames (Tyler, the Creator) [Tyler, the Creator] Can't stop far, flashin like a cop car Me and {*children yelling*} rock well, I'm a rock star Fuck y'all the O.F. is bangin on 'em Custom crew necks, rollin while we're Ronald Reagan on 'em Y'all drug dealers, I Carl Sagan on 'em Chop and screw Nas tracks, I got piano's waitin on 'em My shirt is yellow, but the grill is gold I couldn't take the Ritalin cause my therapist said the pill is old I can't skate, but I guess I lost control I don't have sense, sorry I sold my soul for some gold Bapes low-price, stale rate Authentic, never fake, check the poll, our statistic Stay with authentics, check my steelo Cause my +Mob's+ +Goodie+ like we +Cee-Lo+ and he know I am yes and even she know Every instrument is a gram, kilo {*children cheering*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Pimp Slap Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Tyler, the Creator] {DROP IT} You want me to just go in? Alright, uhhh [Tyler, the Creator] My window is a book, and I'm a fuckin crook Stealin phones to call home but the line is off the hook And if my mother answer, I'll ask her what she wants on 25th because I'm chillin with Prancer Rudolph, Adolf, Hitler Rollin with nineteen 88's like it's 1988 But my speakers are bleedin, the doctor's in uniform Fuck cars, I have a damn unicorn that flies me to places, with spaceships, that don't need money Where. I can free at hand eat candy with Easter bunnies Where donuts equal water inhalers and mushrooms And we don't have cars, we have balloons and we zoom Sound of the bass is astounding The snare plays square no rounding Major ninth chords tower synth like it's Yao Ming Kobe, imaginary friends, fuck homies (they don't know me) The Tooth Fairy blow me, swallow don't shit this With my Donald Trump hair piece you're an +Apprentice+ You're fired and tired, you can't stay up like a limp dick If you think you can spit then I am the fucking dentist My visions that I record, the instruments I adore The happiness that I hoard (can't be bought) at liquor stores You faggots can buy chains but Utopia can't afford And they sore on hating reality that I ignore You can try to walk inside my brain, but I close the door Fuck dogs, I roll around with my pet dinosaur Yeah... Hodgy Beats {DROP IT} [Hodgy Beats] Fuck dogs, walk around with a pet dinosaur Wing flaps on the back of my pet rhinoscor' Gold chains, twenty-four, niggaz must be shinin more The money gets closer when you seem to be grindin more And it feels better than a tongue kiss carbonated with the flow, orange-flavored Sunkist We musically grow unto the world like a fungus Amongst this, playin the piano like a trumpet Little guy, but his words sound so humongous Eat 'til you obese, arteries clot, need lunges MellowHype, from Ralph Lauren to the Hundreds My crew cliqued up like Brady Bunch is The +Captain+ that +Crunches+, inviting you to lunches My nutrition have robots malfunction I suggest you stay away from the factory My breath chemical, I don't know how you'll react to me It's a dog-eat-dog world so I double doggy dare it Hold it in my hand as I stare it, down like a magnifying glass to a diamond with a karat I read through niggaz that bluff like a tarot They copy my actions, I call them fools parrots I'm the pyro with one eyelid that weareth Long hair for wisdom while bitch-mades Nair it I don't care if the heat I throw is unbear-able Just know, it's shareable And there I go, where I go I don't know, obviously, I disappear Close your eyes bitch, I'm all in your ear I have your hearts as if I stabbed it with a spear And wrote my flows wit'cha blood smears If you can't see a legend I'mma make it clear... nigga I'm right here [Outro] Golden grill, Cadillac Deville {DROP IT} Nigga we pimp~! Grill golden, chain frozen We pimp... we pimp, we pimp Golden grill, Cadillac Deville We pimp {O.F.M.} we pimp {bangin on your FM} Grill golden, chain frozen We pimp... we pimp, we pimp The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Bitches Brewin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah hehe I got these bitches brewin And I got these bitches brewin And I got these bitches brewin Fuckin up my gold pots And I got these bitches brewin {*3X*} Fuckin up my gold pots And I got these bitches brewin {*3X*} Fuckin up my gold pots And I got these bitches brewin {*3X*} Fuckin up my gold pots [Tyler, the Creator] You like my songs, I like your tits But deep down, I don't really like you bitch You got a nice tongue and you wear a nice thong But bitch you dumb as fuck to right from wrong (Left) You're on my bed, but Simon's red Now Simon says get the fuck out my life cause you're not my wife, bitch you're a stand for this night and you could be a stab for this knife I'm seventeen, you're twenty-six You're a divorced slut and you can't suck dick You dropped outta college, you can't pay shit But I'm broke as fuck too bitch, we on the same boat Where's my inhaler? I think I'm gonna puke cause I can't believe I lost my virginity to you Yeah, you was in it and I was in it too But I guess I'm just gonna make this fish stew because [Tyler, the Creator] Bitch shake yo' ass, shake it until the wet sweat crawls right down the crack of yo' ass Booty meets snack when you back that ass up Until you come back up and lick my sac up I'm Tyler the Creator, hang with thrashers and skaters I do sound like Darth Vader But that's not stoppin me from eatin yo' muffin I think you and your friends should come with me to get, your salad tossed Cause when I make this stew in your gold pot, I'm addin (this) extra sauce because [Outro] I got these bitches brewin inside of my gold pots And there's wet pussy on my face shake that ass and don't make vibrations stoooooooooop Bitch~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies, Hodgy Beats Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Money Talk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] CV, Hodgy, Odd Future what up? CV in the muh'fuckin place to be Uhh, yo [Casey Veggies] Yeah yeah, same ol' same ol' Young nigga about that grown dough, you feel me? Too many girls, but hey it wouldn't kill me You gotta feel me, they can't even conceal me Can't hide me, can't keep me at the bottom I stay cool from the top to the bottom I'm about the green and I forgot to eat the bottoms We faster, full throttle I got a lotta babies, I forgot to give 'em bottles We so customized greatly and that's my motto We faster, full throttle Give 'em big deals like winnin the damn lotto Rollin rims in the whip, check my auto Gucci cheese on a bitch, man this girl's eatin tacos Flow's so cold, I'm oh Domo Now you other rappers is fuckin so-so, like, like [Chorus 2X: Casey Veggies] This is what we doin I'm tellin you it ain't funny But this is for my niggaz that's talkin 'bout gettin money (Talkin 'bout gettin money?) Yeah, talkin 'bout gettin money But this is for my niggaz that's talkin 'bout gettin money [Hodgy Beats] Money is good, but it can be evil Spell it backwards, live, keep it all cerebral If you black, white, asian or hebrew Just do what we do and get this money people You ain't gotta be equal, or see-through in order for you to be a rich negro Here's a preview, Casey Veggies gon' do what he do Hodgy Beats gon let Super 3 groove Odd Future is the crew, I'm cool She you, we cool to touch me She stands on these stools and does tricks so fit, like Evel Knievel Red button, don't press it, false alarm Ain't nothin I can't solve a check with Guess what I ate for breakfast? Money, cash, weed and I'm jettin out to settin [Casey Veggies] Make more to the death like D-I-E It's M to the Y then the C to the V It's been like that since BSE And it's still like that this ODDB [Hodgy Beats] I'm tryna make Veggie R-E-E-N Work should be a sport, E-S-P-N Cut the backyards if you Mexican I'm hungry 'bout to grab more checks again We talk about money, cash, feta Gouda, mozzarella, swiss, cheddar Get money, get, get money Get money, get, get money The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Our Story Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Hodgy Beats] Aiyyo Mack, Super 3 Can you believe this bitch left me man? I swear to God man, I mean like I mean like she must be crazy or somethin I'm Hodgy Beats... eh-heh It's all good though I mean like I'm not trippin or nothin I'm just gon' walk out of her house and just do my thing while I'm... [Hodgy Beats] Stepping into my spaceship Glass broken in to see you could tell where the vase hit She took my roses, and my proposes She didn't like the smell, though they were sprayed golden My heart was way open, I gave token She played the slot, and left it way broken Somebody need to fix this misfit situation that I sit in, and I wasn't even pitchin I was catchin, the hatred that miss was optimistically hatchin I wanted her when she was fat back then And I still want her Even if she can't squeeze into, Paris Hilton's under- -wear, maybe you just don't care Or Hodgy made himself available to be there What we shared, was better than an eclair While playing I declare, war Uhh~! Girl I'm so sore The way that she left me hit me right in the core of my heart I don't know where to start This is torture like she's tearin my legs apart from the joint, it's not my fault so there's no need to point I need to roll up a joint And burn while I reminisce on who I called oint-ment I swear this is some doint shit, Hodgy Beats [Outro] Super 3! OF The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: The Life Like Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] What's your life like? {*3X*} What's your (put you in place) [Casey Veggies] CV... just fine with this Uhh, stay alive with this - yeah They say I rap it like, I had an afterlife and came back, while these lames speakin the same raps I give the same daps, to the same homies Cause I can tell most of these niggaz phony So I relax and rap for another one like I relapsed I got the crowd up on him while you cats didn't even get 3 claps So what my life like? It's like two kites, but one of them is longer than the other With one big sister and like one older brother A narrow-minded father and a hard working mother You can catch me writin raps and kickin rocks with my lover and Rock is her name And don't forget to eat cause she make you see things I would, never believe in the things I achieve But my brain leaves a stain on my heart And I thrash hard from the start What's your life, life, life, life like {*3X*} [Casey Veggies] I'm just tryin to pass go Arrogant asshole, what I need class fo'? But I still attend it, cause that's what my mom recommended Big boss lookin for an apprentice Fresh as the sentence, best men I been this You one on one, I'm on some {her and her friends shit} She say girlfriend and I ain't lookin for her friendship I told her I'm just a young nigga there miss And don't talk, I get straight to the point like a toothpick I'm too sick, throwin up, gang signs, throw 'em up I'm hardheaded but at the same time, don't know enough AWOL told me I'm blowin up Shaun DT until I'm blowin up - so what the fuck is up? [Chorus] - 2X [Casey Veggies] It's a long time comin now, thinkin 'bout the future A BlackBerry messenger beach cruiser Administrative user; usin his thoughts to make sure that booty is bond, man this food for your thoughts so don't waste it, young Veggies hit the taste You blind niggaz get maced, chillin with my nigga Ace That's Tyler, the Creator give a damn about a hater This my city, I'm the Mayor, the world spins cause that paper I'm the King like layers So when you talkin money make sure you talk layers~! Layers Layers, so what's your life like? life, life, life, life like The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: McDonalds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Hodgy Beats! Left Brain, Odd Future JR whattup man? My nigga Blaine in the back Yeah... I got a brain I gotta think Blue is purple and purple is pink I got a a brain I gotta think Spillin this ink as I'm off of this drink [Hodgy Beats] I'm twisted, uplifted Grey Goose splifted, head dose and finger itchin Mind twitchin eyes, flickerin I'm on a mission to the counter I'm gettin More liquorin, in this system Tried to pour it in my mouth but, I missed it No hang overs for tomorrow, I don't get sick But this sick shit, I spits vicious Ambitious, ridiculous, audacious Suspicious, malicious, nutritious Yours broken? Nigga fix it Mines cracked, lipstick I'm cracked, bakin soda mixed with white girl for the white girls to sniff it Whiff this and get hip to the new hot OF the lord Hodgy, the new cop With a Glock, clocked back and pop Not a slop sprayer so the haters get shot After a while take a shot Get me loose when I screw off the top, we +Rolling Rock+ Drinks on the rocks, like we on the docks Cuttin L's offa knocks, playin XBox while I'm in my socks rockin team blocks, foxy like a fox Chinchilla gorilla, this song knocks I'm the king and the beat's the queen Left Brain on the scene countin up the green He the principle, I'm the dean Discipline the children between, slow-mo' caffeine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Slow it Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ace, the Creator O.F., Hodgy Beats (drop it) [Hodgy Beats] We come through throbbin, like thunderstorms Make their feets get wet and funky up in they underarms I'm too explosive for your ears like I'm throwin bombs With the exclusive on the channel, bitch I know it's on Niggaz get mad like cheerleaders, they throw they pom-poms Suck a dick, eat salam', gettin they nails done in salons Hodgy Beats is like limp balm If you talk shit, I'll make you cry and tell your big moms I got nice hands, niggaz eat out my big palms Haters must be starvin nowadays I make California Vietnam And I'm going to embalm my creativity into a CD-ROM so you can feel the shit I'm on [Chorus One: Tyler - repeat 2X] {We gon' slow it down} Turn it up {We gon' slow it down} Where's the bass? {We gon' slow it down} Bring the keys {for all you slow niggaz} Yeahhh [Chorus Two: Tyler] Oh my god! {We gon' slow it down} Turn it up {We gon' slow it down} Nigga where's the bass? {We gon' slow it down} Hodgy bring the keys {for all you slow niggaz}  Yeahhh {Slow it down} Turn it up {Slow it down} Nigga where's the bass? {Slow it down} Drop the drums [Tyler, the Creator] Pink chinchilla, somethin like thrilla My t-shirts are +Bathing+, a bathing gorilla You niggaz all hype like you drank a cup of Splenda but I ate the whole plate like a fat bitch dinner I'm never the winner, always the loser I don't choose to win, but I will choose her Her kitty-cat fish loves his tuna I never use a fork I always spoon her Go nuts, instrumental flow much European model white bitch is eatin donuts Fuck you faggots, I'm with a fat bitch Makin shit come like I'm Go-Go Gadget I'm mental, it's instrumental Make your bitches' therapist ask for dental records And I hope this record have you stabbin niggaz with colored pencils [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Tyler, the Creator] Yo - bubble gum that Reese's Pieces You fail at life, I'll mug your teachers I've got Muslims callin on Jesus I fucked Kelly, where is Regis? Found Alicia, now she keyless Cold as ice, and now I'm creamless Murdered every bod' from my squad So technically, now I'm teamless O.F. is so prestigious (uhh, yeah, umm) (It's, it's not that hard but) (Well for me it's not) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies, Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Remember Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Casey Veggies] CV, CV, CV, remember me? Same lil' nigga that was out JV Why my momma call me crazy? Why me daddy call me lazy? Uh, sorry - I can't change Lookin at life, these dark frames Cocaine, a fiend I'm advanced, AP That's why the cameras take me I'm everything that they see You blind niggaz hating I'm overlapping handclappin More fame, more action So nigga what's happenin? So nigga what's happenin? (So nigga what's happening?) [Chorus 1: Hodgy Beats] Ever had a dream, and you wake up livin it? (Nah) Odd, nothin changed (changed) more change I'm gettin it (get it) Lifestyle, I'm wild, just switchin it (yep) Think they got Alzheimer's (why?) They forgettin it [Chorus 2: Hodgy Beats] Don't you remember me? (Nah) Don't you remember me? (You should) Don't you remember me? (Nah) Don't you remember me? (They do) Don't you remember me? (Nah) Don't you remember me? (uhh) Don't you remember me? You better remember me! [Tyler, the Creator] A-C, remember me? Fuck you (Uhh...) Still a rapper, no chain, still skate, dolly tray Got a couple aliens to get in the zone And them lames still tryin to get the number of phone All up in MySpace tryin to get in my space Man I gotta tell these faggots to leave me alone Same asthma, different flare; same inhaler, different air Same truth, a different dare, same club it's billionaire [Hodgy Beats] Trillionaire, gazillionaire So much to share, we just don't care Ain't goin nowhere, we right here Got a knife for spare, don't want to share [Tyler, the Creator] I got a couple bucks, what the fuck should I buy for lunch? Donuts? 'Preme beetle? I'm Billie Holiday's needle Shoot that shit, your armor's great That rock's bitch, you got a date It starts at 8, a one night stand Your dinner's here (cut the steak) Remember Sh'quanda? Team, we mob deep Couple +Odd+ niggaz just trollin down your street Hell hath no fury when me and the devil meet Does he remember me? (Does he remember me?) [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Casey Veggies] Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, I said Hold on, press flash, had dreams to get cash That shoebox is my, stash, my first thought never comes, last So when you see me, make sure that you wear your 3D's This the CD; who you? Beats me Homey you can't beat me, I'm gone you can't see me (You can not see us) I'm gone you can't see me I said, I'm gone you can't see me When I pull up homey, I'm gon' fly off in that G3 [Outro] Yeah; yeah man See we the same, niggzs you knew The only difference is Got a little more money in our pockets Couple more friend requests Couple handshakes.. nothin major but We got smiles on our faces.. remember me? (Remember me? Remember me? Remember me?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Malaya Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {*imitatin the beat until 0:14*} Yeah... Hodgy Beats, Left Brain [Hodgy Beats] I'm goin in, as if I'm tryin to swim Workin on my game for you like I'm at the gym Yammin on cats, hangin on the rim I'm fresh from my Newbounds to the fitted brim Beautiful, is the synonym to your name It's a shame but you can't blame him for sayin that, if she was a game I'd be playin that Not playin that with strings attached Red or blue, because I ain't bangin that I'm rearrangin that fact That I'm always exact, but today I'm going to extract the scent, of sugar from your sweetness If I'm ever sick you're my treatment I keep you warm if yo' place don't got a heater As lon as you seated with me in my two-seater Seventy miles per hour, new cheetah In a wife-beater but I won't beat ya, diva New feature, cruise control So I'ma sweep my feet up, I think I should keep her Why? Because she lookin like a keeper, yeah Malaya, Malaya, wonderin how are you I'm thinkin that, I should pick up the phone and call you Conversations lovely, never have to argue Over the line it's all me, and you know it's all you (Malaya, Malaya) {*2X*} [Hodgy Beats] (Malaya) I'm goin in, as if I'm tryin to swim Dolphin on the surface you can tell by the fin In the mix, juice and gin Slick on my steez, never rusty like tin Baby girl, I'm here to win Your game, it's a shame, but you can't blame him I wanna be in your A life like Tims even if you don't like dem I'mma just SB Nike then, if I was a food I'd let you bite in You like my conversation that's why you smilin We can get alone, isolated on our own island Nah girl, I ain't lyin, I'm subscribin tryin to wake up to you and the horizon I'm full of surprises when you enter So I'm enterprisin, tell your Bin to come out from his Laden The sun is risin and I'm advisin you to pay attention to my advertisement I'm on my slicker material Satisfying, I ain't lyin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies, Left Brain, Jasper Dolphin & Tyler Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Lisa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jasper Dolphin] I said Lisa you a stupid bitch You kissed my dad, gave him herpes, now he got crabs from his last girl; this other girl too He kissed dad's sister sister dad's sister too Lisa you dumb bitch, you left me for some other chick nigga, and the baby too The baby dick big, but mines a little small I don't give a fuck; I look like a fuckin frog [Chorus 2X: Jasper] & [Tyler] Lisa (stupid little bitch) Lisa (I really hate you for this shit) Lisa (fuck her) Lisa (fuck her) Lisa (bitch) Lisa [Tyler, the Creator] Bitch; gave you what you want, gave you what you need Then I gave you kiss, now my penis bleeds Now I'm at the clinic bitch, I'm stuck up at the dentist in this motherfuckin relation, I hate it bitch it's finished You gave me war, I gave you peace Infection on your yeast then you tried to fuck my niece She only seven... but when she turn eleven Y'all can fuck the indians for hot dogs at 7-Eleven Huh~! Yeah you tried to give a kiss Now the little bitch got herpes on her lip and ear bitch listen, you was it, I wasn't pimpin You half black, how the fuck you gon' burn up all the chicken? You can't make Kool-Aid, I'm so serious No fruit punch so I had to drink your period Fuckin buying Bape dildos up on my Visa Huh, I was in love with you Lisa [Casey Veggies] Hey - what's this bump on my lip? What the fuck is this yellow shit comin out my dick bitch? I should've used a fuckin rubber Lisa, bitch you told me your name was Rhonda Showed my little brother how to take an AIDS test Come to find out, my ass was positive Took care of all seven of your kids Bitch fucked Bobby Brown now it's her +Prerogative+ Sniffin coke, smokin grass Shoulda never, fucked you in the ass ... and bitch you a crackhead Everyone knows; we was all in the club and they was like "OH!" And I was like {*smacks lips*} And they were like... and I was like "Bitch, what's yo' name?" And she like "Clean" and I'm like "Hmm!" What happened? I said bitch [Left Brain] You stupid ass bitch, I can't believe you did me wrong I gave you a kiss and I went to go home I came back to your fuckin house you fuckin rat Now I stand here fartin sober I don't give a fuck you stupid fuck Bitch you smell like ass, I gave you a kiss I really love you bitch, why you do me like this? I gave you everything like my fuckin dick I gave you money, cars, and diamonds and shit But I just see you just another bitch that just suck everyone motherfucking dick Always out on the motherfucking block wit'cha bitch-ass Suckin up niggaz that got STD's and shit Bitch~! I ain't takin care of you and your kids no mo' so get the fuck out the do' And get on your knees and suck my dick one last time just don't times it nothin but you fuckin fall off my dick This one time suck it suck it like It fall off and shit [Tyler, Jasper and Hodgy Beats] Lisa Lisa Lisa, Lisa, Lisa, Lisa (I loved you bitch) Lisa Lisa I gave you everything I had Lisa Bitch I let you fuck my dad (Lisa) Timmy (Lisa) Tracey (Lisa) Keisha Bitch [Outro: Jasper Dolphin and Hodgy Beats] See, it was all good and stuff You would just come to my house and chill on my couch but now, you gave me everything you had Herpes, gonorrhea, syphilis I can't even give my mom a hug and shit (Hold on wait, wait, wait that bitch stole my motherfucking Bapes (She took my Bapes!) (Nigga she took yo' Bapes?) She took your Bapes? Bitch that's based I'll stab this bitch with a motherfuckin pencil When I go get her, she gon' get knocked (and my dick fell off) I loved you Lisa (you pissed me off there slut) We loved you Lisa You even fucked everyone in the family Can't even go to the family reunion, bitchhhhhhhh Mmm Lisa bitch Hehehe Odd Future, I'll shoot a nigga~! (Odd Future, I'ma send a shout out to my dirty niggaz) (the dirty skatepark, skatepark dirty dirty, aww) Aahh, okay okay you can stop recordin nigga that's it Waitwaitwait one more thing one more thing one more thing Uhh, you still recording? Oh Fuck 'em all Odd Future, bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Fin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Man, I feel like, I'll win a Grammy, y'know? I had a, a dream, y'knahmean? Right now I'm livin the first scene, y'know? This gon' be a long thank you, umm Thank you to, Left Brain, Hodgy Beats Casey Veggies, Super 3, Matt Martian Mom, I love you, I made it! The whole family, shit umm Devon, Shaun, R.C., Juan Chris, Robert, Randy, Aaron Jasmine, Jackson, Taj, Grand Christina, Milan, Geo, Yan Ice, Skyler, Daniel, Mookie Mars, Urbie, Josh, Jason Domo, Katano, Brandon D'Shay Uhhh... Big ups to Soul Banana Crew My whole Grind Time Family Kicks Material, Ill Boss, Switch Erykah Veggies, Casey Creation You know all the blogs that held me down Big ups to all my niggaz at the DIRTY~! man Dirty! Big ups to HypeBeast, all my niggaz on Hype Crew Got mad love for Hype Track Thomas Warlowe what's good? Eric Costin, K.B, old T.K. I mean the crazy one Lizard King, I I remember when I first saw Brandon Beeble Umm, y'know shoutout to Harold Hunter That nigga, he he informs me so much Darrell Stanton, yeah right Fully Flare, Baker 3 Mystery, take that, Atmosphere, Ride the Sky, Bakai Umm Supreme - whattup to my Diamond Fam? French Josh Rick I see you, BBC Ice Cream Ralph Lauren Peg Leg S, everybody at Media Arts The best magazine in the world other than Odd Future Mass Appeal, XXL, Thrasher What's up to WingStop? The 212 bus "In Search Of" "Fly or Die" "Chronic 2001" "The Love Below" "Wonderland" "Voodoo" "Play As You Like" "Blueprint 2" "Lord Willing" "Marshall Mathers LP" "Badu-ism" "Devil's Night" "Love Deluxe" "Diamond Life" "Chemical Chords" "Irving Hang Sue" "Chrome Children" "Customized Greatly" "Welcome" "Love Angel" "Funk Oddyssey" "Flood" "You Think You Really Know Me" "Get Rich or Die Trying" "God's Son" "Gorillaz" "Kid A" "The Hollywood Recordings" "In My Mind" "Justified" "Just Listen" "Shades of Blue" "Momma's Gun" "Midnight Marauders" Uhh "Clones" "Off the Wall" "Rhythm 'n Gangster" "Volume 1" "Producer Danay" "Who's Jill Scott?" "Evolution Of" "Special Herbs" "Tropea Blue" "Under the Cherry Moon" "We Got it 4 Cheap" "Back to Black" "Word of Mouth" "The Documentary" It's just so many to name man, umm Adult Swim, uhh Fresh Prince, Magic School Bus, Reading Rainbow 90's Nick, Dave Chappelle, Chris Rock, Eddie Murphy, Will Smith Terry Richardson, Square Pixel, Teena Tyrell Krank, Hitler, Mussolini, Stalkin, M'butu, Nixon, Reagan Clinton, Obama, Mark Ryten, Rick Rotney, Tetris - what Sonic! Grand Theft Auto, Mario, Salvador Dali All the porn in the world Belly, E.T., Dr. Seuss And last but not least, you... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Commercial Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] My life? Screw it with a drunk bitch like what the fuck are we doin? We're kissin, I'm wheezin, it's time to play Tetris I play piano, jack off, I'm anorexic I'm fuckin asthmatic, my records problematic Talkin to myself because my therapist done had it All the racial slurs from the wipsters playin from Lenny Kravitz Love locked down like I am some sort of faggot but I'm not in the first place Waiting on my dad to say hi on my birthday Cause Jesus wouldn't even be my friend on Church Day I plan on gettin back {*edited out*} the worst way (bitch!) In the jungle, I planned on the keeper Inside of the cage cause I'm a motherfuckin zebra Obama's in office, niggaz get job like teachers Lookin at retarded kids screamin out "Fuck slob Jesus" [Chorus: Casey Veggies] And I can write a hook fast, I can get straight to the cash Y'all niggaz come last, I'm first though (Ay!)... No rehearsal, I know it all like Urkel You can call it commercial So turn it up, turn it up (watch it) {*3X*} Odd Future won't stop it [Tyler, the Creator] I make music for a reason Didn't vote Obama so you can charge me with treason Year round asshole, the fuck you season The flu, I'm sick, that's why everybody sneezin (ACHOO~!) I'm always cheesin, smile for a reason Fuck as I fuck you, I'm always teasin My daughter need milk and a quilt so I'm sellin the the haze for six bucks, cause she always sneezin Some people need drugs, some people need dubs on they car note to go to the club But really, really, really All I need deep down... is a hug [Tyler, the Creator] Look! I'm back like niggaz on a bus with a Rosa Parks state of mind, I don't give a fuck And I'm strollin down South like Good Luck Chuck in a Malcolm X shirt chillin with the Ku Klux +Clan+, I +Ain't Nuttin' Ta Fuck Wit+ O.F. clan they ain't nothin to fuck with The O.F. clan they ain't nothin to fuck with This +Black Snake Moan+ is somethin to suck bitch (Bitch, drop it) (O.F.M., bang on your FM) (Tyler, the Creator; uhh) (Yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Dracula Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] A... C... E O... F, uh [Tyler, the Creator] Wild, I'm not tamed - just because my visions are, strange I am normal not deranged, I am not a fuckin lame Your pee drippin wet, I need all my nutrients On the phone, if I take you home, how much can I get? Yeah I like you but, you act like you don't like us We could start a whole new religion girl, in Odd we trust You play hard to got, got me hard like cement Here's my car I love please do not dip, please just [Chorus: repeat 2X] (Can you just) go {*3X*} (But please don't) wait [Tyler, the Creator] I'm a fuckin monster, my Tonka is trucker In my locker got books, I'm a nasty motherfucker Truth or dare in the cemetery, right past the elementary My faith could last for the whole century You could bite my neck (or) I could bite your neck (or) you could bite her and excite her you will not regret My castle got dungeons, my dungeons got dungeons Open up them legs, let me see what's for lunch and [Outro] C'mon bitch! And the sky is dark The bats invade the park The water swims the shark But don't just wait, wait Cum in her cum in her cum in her cum in her cum in... wait~! And the sky is dark The bats invade the park The water swims the shark But don't just wait, go And the sky is dark The bats invade the park The water swims the shark But don't wait just go Just (go) just (go) just (go) Just (go) just (go) just (go) aight You cool Wade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Tapetro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Odd Future rocks Rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks Droools! Lames... HypeBeast! Odd Future Magazine mixtape clothing OH MY GOOOOOOOD~! Tyler's gonna kill me for this Ohhhhhhhhh! [Hodgy Beats] I'm not lookin at you, I'm lookin past you I get cash - niggaz call me a cashew I leave model women stuck like statues They wanna wipe me down cause I'm light-skinned with tattoos Haha~! Three wishes with the genie on 'em You hear about me, but you never see me on 'em I don't fuck fans, you try to put your weenie on 'em while I skateboard and beenie on 'em "Kick, Push" 'em out the way, shit I'm rich gettin paid Hodgy Beats beats bang harder than grenades The +Future's+ lookin +Odd+ so you haters better beg back Take notes so you don't forget that I said that Hehe~! The cool nigga in the red hat Odd Future odds usin 'til you're dead flat Don't get confused cause I'm really speakin clear like I'm yellin in your freakin ear - CAN YOU FREAKIN HERE? Cause I'm freakin here With three vanilla Dutches and a freakin beer You freakin queers, better back off me or wake up and, smell the bully in your mouth instead of the coffee The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Blame It * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * I think you can guess which Jamie Foxx song this is [Intro] I wanna welcome y'all to The Dena Tape [Hodgy Beats] Nigga I'm contagious; ain't nobody cure us One squirrel out of many gathering more nuts Groupie fillies gettin ran over by the tour bus Double salad sticky icky like syr-up Me and my drink, homey what's in your cup? A-a-a-a-a, a-alcohol A couple sacks extra fat, I bag 'em all Swisher packs for the sacks I packed them off We fly nigga, we don't relax at all I'm on my +Ginuwine+, "So anxious!" Cruisin 'round drunk like she know where to take us I can see through the make-up, if she tryin to fake us Bring me to the bank where I never go bankrupt Got my change up though I'll never change up I go after my moneym like a fuckin predator I wake up to the sound of my lovely cash register Every time I see one of them chickenheads, I be like get off me (Get off me, get off me) Every time I see them girls in the red, I be like get off me (Get off me, get off me) Every time I see them chickenheads, I like man, get off me (Get off me!) Cause you're killin me hard (cause you're killin me hard) You're not killin me softly (Hodgy Beats) [Outro] Thank you! I mean... you're welcome Haha~! Odd Future W, W, dot com, Odd Future, dot com The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Chris Sawyer * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * this one is a J Dilla beat [Intro] Yeah, Left Brain on the loop like J Harpo productions like Odd Future like, hehe~! Odd Future like Uhh, Dilla I miss you Yeah, love life and music mayne That's how we do it, get money [Hodgy Beats] Now, I got a story to tell About a boy from Dena that was pretty as hell No homo but this kid had all the females Dark skin around sixt-two enough detail Always had the fitted and shoes was retail Every click in Dena, this cat would trail Counterlight to his height, his face was frail Had a voice that didn't ring a bell The Legend is what they called him, he phone gleams I guess everything isnt really what it seems The more misery the more he thinks about his dreams And havin the bling, because he never had the finer things The only thing The Legend was good at was basketball He can shoot and make it from half court past the wall He would play from broad daylight, 'til after dark And would play in the park until he saw the Narcs The position of the dough be on him like blood on sharks The only thing they wanted to do, was act tark I guess the weed got to him, when the castles pictured it Cause he started talking crazy actin all different What happened to the kid that was oh so innocent He even changed the group of friends that he was kickin with Putting his nose in somethin that he didn't even have no business in After a while he got ghost, he thought the world was shady He stayed with chicks at the house drivin him crazy That was the problem with Chris and the ladies He couldn't leave him alone, now he havin a baby [Chorus: repeat 2X] He coulda been a doctor, he coulda been a lawyer This is the story about Chris Sawyer [Outro] Yeah, that's right man Keep your head up baby Pasadena I see you, L.A., I see you too Yeah, Hodgy Beats Odd Future is the label The Beats on the floors and table Whatever, let's go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Rolex Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Murder murder, someone you never heard of but you need to be scared of, pullin your bitches skirt up Swimmin with womens surf's up, blue Jordan Air 1's Smurfed up My breath stinks like I burped up, I'm dirty like a dirt truck Freeway music sorry but I must emerge up I always come first, never placed with the third cup Don't act like you deaf nigga, I know you heard us Thats why you shakin in your pants; bitch, you nervous I rise 'til I can't get no higher; moth to the flame and I am the fire Nick Cannon on my hip right next to Mariah, Messiah desire before I expire We tie you in your home with the phone lines wired; work 'til tired, midnight rider 3 a.m. pull up right beside ya (3 a.m. pull up right beside ya) I live with bats like I'm a fuckin Dodger Neighborhood life right by Mr. Rodger You niggaz get more even and I get more +Odder+ (You niggaz get more even and I gets more +Odder+) I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run on winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run on winter time like a {platinum Rolex} Like a {platinum Rolex} like a {platinum Rolex} I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run on winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} [Hodgy Beats] Eat my dust taste my auto fumes (yup) Original swagger, no AutoTune (uh-uh) Niggaz hit the radio, and they gettin respect I'm still dialin Power 106, callin collect (ha ha ha~!) Express through music I explore myself (yeah) Self-made money, I employ myself Contemplatin suicide - should I destroy myself? (Uh-oh) Or restore my health cause I support like belts Pull up your trousers, this world is Mario, find a realm and you up against Bowser I'm sorry to the girls fantasizin about me in your browser My girl 'bout it 'bout it, don't let her get riled up I count up every dollar that I get from the ground up Cowboy with the rope, and I gallop when I round up Eight to ten, I chase to win Finish where I left off, where do I begin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Biscuits Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Tyler, the Creator] What the hell?! [Hodgy Beats] Yeah... yeah, uhh Ride 7:30, arrive 7:30 Ride hella dirty, shades extra nerdy I heard it from a birdie, Blackberry I replied In the burb you heard me barter cash and get supplied I cut off their supplies, cause this a drug movement Crack music muh'fucker this is thug music I hustle harder because this how the thugs do it I move smart decisions, you just STUCK stupid! Ace fuckin moved it, Viron oddly looped it Fall in love with music like you struck by Cupid My hair is in your face nigga three pounds to it If the radio don't play my jam, they fuckin foolish What's his name? (Hodgy Beats) He's the coolest The paper and the pen that's what he'll take you to school with Odd Future is his camp, tree strumps with a branch where they lamp, and they chant, and they grant, when they ranked you with this certified stamp of the procedure Sick-ass music, now you niggaz got fevers... Sick-ass music, now you niggaz got fevers [Chorus: repeat 2X] I do it for the Pasadena skaters, Pasadena lovers Pasadena haters, Pasadena mothers I do it for the Pasadena waittress, Pasadena music It's a Odd Future playlist, it's a Odd Future playlist [Hodgy Beats] One verse is all you need for a fix cause I'm not throwing stones and sticks, I'm lodgin bricks I'm not a kid, but I can show you some +Trix+ that'll have you in the mix like Twix, switch~! I swear I hear 'em cheerin, I swear I know you hear 'em Oops I did it again nigga fuck your Brittney Spear'n I'm lookin in the mirror, and my vision's gettin clearer I can smell the truth gettin nearer Reeboks black bag, Odd Future era Iller than cold beans spilled upon your fresh new fit We bangin in your ears with some fresh new shit I'm a +Jive+ ass nigga with my +Fresh+ music... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Change it Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] You told me you loved me (me) but you were unsure (sure) I told you I hated you when you closed the door (door) The tension in yo' leg is shakin the floor (floor) You make the situation sticky like a melted smore (smore) I yell at you, hittin, I kiss you more (more) No other girl (girl) did me like this before ('fore) You wanted me? (Me?) I wanted simple (simple) But honestly I didn't know what I was gettin into I'ma have to Change it up {*5X*} I'm tired of your lies, yeah yeah So tired, of your lies So tired, of your lies; I'm so tired of your lies [Hodgy Beats] You yell at me (me?) while you're in my ear (ear) I walk away cause it ain't the telephone I hear (naw) It is you (you~!) Full of it (yup) Rodeo style, bullshit!! I hear you got another, I wanna bet he ain't a baller (baller) Well homey I'ma let you know (know) every time I call her (call her) She gon' pick up the phone (phone) cause my pockets stand taller (taller) You can keep her how much? I'll make you an offer (offer) Back to you girl (girl) how you gon' cheat? Give me like six feet, shit's deep, get fleet You're a child and I got the sign that says outta reach Say goodbye to the Phantom, Phantom, glass house on the beach [Chorus] w/ ad lib changes [Outro - girl] You tired of MY lies? I'm tired of YO' lies (What?!) I've been in here takin care of you every day (man) And you tired of my lies? I be here bein FAITHFUL to you What you be doin out there in the streets? (What you mean?) Where you been? (Shut the FUCK UP!) {*RAWWW*} (I'm tired of your lies) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: The Dena Tape Song: Customized Greatly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah, H.B., uhh [Hodgy Beats] God said I'm great, thou shall not hate So I love everybody beefin with me like steak I chase after cake while your girl lick the icing She go both ways, like she motorcycling without the motor, so she bicycle +Taco+ in her mouth while she ride +Pickles+ I kick push, nigga, my Hodg' fickle If you contemplate suicide - fuck it; I'ma die with you I'd rather eat glass than squeeze and pull the trigger Call a competition to see, who's the cooler nigga I'm ice cold - similar to frozen Got a nice flow (nice flow) similar to golden I'm like a goldfish, we all the same color I'm just like your brother or significant other I work hard to provide grub on the table Turn impossible to possible, if I'm able to I must be dreamin, yeah I said I must be dreamin - why? I must be dreamin - heh I must be dreamin - nigga wake up! [Hodgy Beats] I just turned legal and she must have turned evil Life's a practice so I'm on the court shootin free throws Cause when the game come, is when the rain come When it rains it pours, I wonder when the fame come I'ma be writin to an instrumental, different snares, same drums Bangin 'til I'm dry, and my brain's numb Fuck another computer clap, I need a snare It sound like I'm smackin on the ass while I'm pullin on her hair I don't think she like it, the way that she stare but I continue with my program because I don't care (FUCK HER~!) I'm so damn tight, like a fat nigga in skinnies or a hoochie chick, with her skirt extra skimpy Music is +Ren+ motherfucker I'm +Stimpy+ Pimpin the game, never let the game pimp me Like a pimp squeak on 6th Street, tryin to play the slot If there's money involved best believe I'm gon' take your spot Damn... now? Damn, uhh Damn wake up nigga! I must be dreamin, wake up nigga, wake up (wake up!) Ay, I must be dreamin - ay nigga get up man Wake up, get up man! [Hodgy Beats] I'm Tarzan on the mic, Odd Future the gorillas Niggaz do it for the fame, when I do it for the children Takin over runnin the game, like a fuckin pilgrim Knockin down the huts, in the Ranger for some buildings Grippin the grain, yeah my grain's ingrained I chase dreams I can't stop it, understand what you mean I'm busy on the scene while you tryin to be seen We all have addictions and, I'm the type that fiends Not the type that schemes and plays people like a cello The mellow hella ghetto runnin free in the meadows I picture me framed countin hundreds, in a falsetto Instead of a chick opening up like, rose petals I trust no one, sittin with my lonesome No congo drums, Tyler kicked another sample Beatin so hard that your motherfuckin amp blows Hustlers on the corner, and +The Lady and The Tramp+ knows Nigga! [Tyler, the Creator] Forever, yeah Hodgy Beats, Tyler the Creator Yeah Like, umm, G You fuckin next man You the golden boy in this rap shit Don't let these motherfuckers tell you any different Odd Future, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Ignorant Shit * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * as you might have guessed, it's the same beat as Jay-Z [Intro] Whattup Taj? Haha~! Yeah [Hodgy Beats] My amnesia cause me to sip NyQuil and sleep in the mornin, forgettin how my nights feel Niggaz nosey, I wonder how Mike feel after the fix-up, hopin Venice might heel Banana clips might peel if situations heavy Dumpin out the Bentley Azure instead of Chevys Battery mentality, I'm +Everready+ You're the opposite of me motherfucker you never-ready I gas up on my wagon 'til my whip full Keep the hip tool, a/k/a pis-tol Diamonds by the diamond to keep the wrist cool I stand tall while y'all posin niggaz sit, stool Flights overnight, constantly on the move Real niggaz don't jerk, real niggaz we groove Real niggaz don't hurt, lil' homey we do what we gotta do to get ourselves at the plot The plant gets moved when it's too big for the pot I'm a G, so I know how to hit the right spot When they're tied up, I can untangle any knot Girls ride my coaster like I'm a ride at Knotts Black dude, black car with the black socks The reason they down my race is because, black rocks Ock, I hope you understand English Whoever made slang is a muh'fuckin genius Call me Captain Hook, and get hooked if you relax, one gram of me'll make you relapse If you try to sleep, take a free nap I'm allergic to the world, how the fuck I'ma react? I don't know... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Claustroflowbic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Sound so crazy [Hodgy Beats] 50 pull-ups on the pull-up bar When I hit award shows I wanna pull up a star Tank on E, got no time to pump So I'm runnin on fumes cause I live life once Duct tape in the trunk of, my corrupted mental Mood swingin lyrics like a woman on her menstraul Gold line, sleep in Union Station metro Skateboard plus sneaks, high top retro Special but can't blend in like a gecko Fans runnin up, askin me about my next show like, let me grab my friends and let's go Rap is my passion, fuck tryin to impress hoes I reach for the stars like NASA moonwalkin Why you runnin your mouths, what'cha goons talkin? Backstage with Left Brain in my own dream And the haters is goin to sleep, they gon' dream soon I can't breathe I'm - claustroflowbic Give me space I'm - claustroflowbic Fame is a closet and I'm claustroflowbic My rep, I lost it cause nigga I'm claustroflowbic Claustroflowbic? (Claustroflowbic) {*4X*} [Hodgy Beats] +Left+ Pinky and the +Brain+, noodles to the strain Doggie to the dang, great Told me the Tiger series or boxers, I ate flipped accordians Two-faced, two rows, two gates Whichever way I choose is a new fate New love is a new hate, she got a cute face Bad attitude with a Haddie Q taste Gettin at her, spittin at her, yeah how the boot taste? Gingivitis, toothache, mouthwash, toothpaste, breathin on 'em Spit hot flows like the heater's on 'em Pretty hood like I dickie wifebeated on 'em Teetin material like our cousin skeeted on 'em Don't lie, don't hi, won't lie, won't die cause my music is alive Don't lie, don't hi, won't lie, won't die cause my music is alive [Outro] Inhale, exhale {*5X*} Exhale, exhale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Memorex CDs * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * the beat here is "Memories of Green" from Chrono Trigger [Hodgy Beats] Moms said I'm crazy, and then she kicked me out I used that motivation, for shit to spit about 2000 YM, 3000 dollar lamb I'm comin from the gutter, now where my food stamps? I smell the scent of collars, now where's my fuckin gramps? No money in the bank - only in my pants Countin 'nuff dollars like the pole when the strippers dance Take today serious cause some niggaz don't get the chance I consider me lucky Got these haters on us like the puffy, stuffing goes inside the chickens that are clucking I be like that iPhone, your girl wanna touch me [Chorus: repeat 2X] I've got it {*3X*} you've got it [Hodgy Beats] Man they put me out (out) man they put me out A man is in the mail, if you got a pussy out Wolfin on the couch, ambushin at the mouth Slut want comfort and them cushions on the couch I'ma get up and chase that money A bumblebee with polishin to make that money I can't be tall, and shrink like a midget She can't give me her money and not not call them digits He lives in anxiety, he twitches and he fidgets If he don't tell you a story, ask his homey Bridget And Bridge is like a down-ass hoe But a woman that knows his story won't tell a soul cause what you reap you will sew, karma only grows Carmen only knows when she's ridin in that BM Mercedes come around when money grow like a Chia Visa for Mona Lisa with this hiccup, drink up~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats f/ Karma Album: The Dena Tape Song: Contrasting Swagg Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yes (uhh) yeah Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) Taj man this beat crazy nigga! Now if you feelin Vibe Beats put your hands up If you feelin O.F. put your hands up If you got somethin in your cup and your blowin somethin up Put your hands in the sky, throw your hands up Now all my mamis in the club that's poppin and movin y'all thang (y'all thang) I said shake it to the beat, shake it shake it to the beat but please don't thrash y'all frame I said all my mamis in the club that's poppin and movin y'all thang (y'all thang) I said shake it to the beat, shake it shake it to the beat but please don't thrash your frame - hit me~! [Karma] Welcome to the time space continuum I'm the Wiz Kid, spittin pure intelligence Mass murderer, with a swag that's elegant Toot my own trunk if I could, they call me elephant Snuffalupagus, Sesame Street It's the Kar-toon with my boy (Hodgy Beats) Puttin on wax somethin from another realm The type of shit to stick to your skull like stylin gel In detail, we crack like seashells with a record that need sales We group bars like prison cells, top climbers you fell Oh well! Game over You get sent back like an e-mail, fake over It's time fo' the takeover Outer beam science from NASA solar Carbonated tastes like a cup of soda Rambo ammo bandana soldier Grasp the mask a token of smokers We should let this bitch breathe like Nasir to Hova Definition mack, he givin niggaz the cold shoulder Bullet shells in the speaker, the mic on the holster Momma always told me to brag like I'm 'sposed to I'm the Wiz Kid, the icon on the poster Motherfucker! ... Vibe with me [Chorus: repeat 2X] You, can't, stop, that music that we makin holmes Niggaz they be fakin holmes Bitches we be takin home [Hodgy Beats] If I was a city she'd put me on She'd fuck a HypeBeast no crook T on The Obama kush is the mush we on Captain number seven, cereal Lucky Charms I must be wrong cause I'm runnin with a scandal Gettin my cake, you can blow out all the candles Rob you for fit if you lookin like D'Angelo Move forward like, Lamar Odom, I can't go I'm a superhero minus the cape Bring it back to the 80's, listen to my tape I +Bathe+ in my sales like a fuckin +Ape+ Hold a burner if a nigga trip I'm gon cremate Fuck the he say/she say What she say is he play and we spray Cause I like to spray it, I'm a motherfuckin.. I ain't gotta say it, I'ma just replay it Henny on the rocks, blunt chase it Drink the whole bottle I face it Everything's slow like The Matrix A whole week inhalin, I'm on day six I took five nigga, I'm 'bout to +Take 6+ Cause I'm in my zone Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm in my zone Yup! I'm in my zone Nigga leave me alone, I'm in my zone One day, I'm ridin chrome I'ma be ridin chrome Nigga leave me alone Why? Cause I'm in my zone I just like to slow it down y'know, ha ha Came here with the motherfuckin Wiz Kid Hodgy the motherfuckin Beast, motherfucker [Outro] See now all my mamis in the club that's poppin and doin y'all thang (y'all thang) I said shake it to the beat, shake it shake it to the beat but please don't thrash y'all frame And now all my mamis in the club that's poppin and movin y'all thang (y'all thang) We said shake it to the beat, shake it shake it to the beat ... but don't thrash yo' frame (yo' fresh) Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) Yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) yeah (yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Speed Racer Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Don't sniff cocaine, it's bad for you! Don't smoke weed, it's bad for you! Don't drink liquor, it's bad for you! Don't eat food, it's bad for you - heh Don't like money, its bad for you - HAHAHA~! Yeah! HB, comin from Odd Future [Hodgy Beats] I swallow my pride, blueberry flavor The kid spits next door sort of like a neighbor Spaceship, crashed on America like a creator Died and came back like, I'm a holy savior Holy moly racer, Daytons on a scrapper I clog muh'fuckers, nigga who scrappe her Raped her (I don't know) R. Kelly taped her? Niggaz want fades, I'ma give yo' ass a taper I put that on Rodney, and my barber shawty Carrying a shotty, cuttin up Bobby I'm cutting up probably, cuttin up bodies Chopped and screwed, e-ve-ry-bo-dy Bitch I'm Hitler with e-ve-ry Nazi Aiming at your face like we're paparazzi Down comes confetti, intestines, spaghetti On your mark, set, but you niggaz ain't ready Ready, set, go - RACE CAR!! {*4X*} Ready, RACE CAR {*6X*} Ready, set, go RACE CAR! [Hodgy Beats] Speedin I'm a heathen in the hour of the evening Odd Future tight nigga, can't be even What's crackin, what's creasin? Crisco greasin Chuck E Cheesin, why your girl got a frown on Paint her face clown on I pump up the volume, make sure the sound's on To investigate I'm like a hound dog - dog hound There's a dog found, put him in the dog pound Throw him in the cage, watch the nigga bark now Chompin on an oversized bone Meet my impostor, oversized clone Thoughts race in my mind, oversized dome But I'm focused, drivin a Ford, Focus Hustlin, harder, 'til I'm racin in the Lotus Know this, one time he blew a nigga head off Jumped in his race car (and what happened?) He sped off~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Black Magic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah... it's not my fault this time I'ma blame it on {"youuuuu"} This song I'm making, is especially for {"youuuuu"} Yeah [Hodgy Beats] You make me feel like I'm trash like I'm failin and stayin in the back of the class I thought school was whack, bein cool was wack and niggaz thought I was cool - how cool is that? I want you to feel my pain, cause I'm out in the rain but without pain I wasn't gon' gain My hearts not broken, it's more of a sprain My life ain't a dance like I'm on Soul Train My world turned black, inverted cocaine How can I explain hoppin on the next plane? 6:45 in a 745 Seven shorties live and they ready for the ride We live to survive, well we livin to die Smoke 'til we high, BlueJet we gon' fly Get up like cheddar and get it together Get it now or never so you can hold it forever My Odd Future I gotta get it right now, I gotta get it right now My Odd Future I gotta write these lyrics down, I gotta use this paper right now My Odd Future I gotta get it right now, I gotta use this paper right now My Odd Future Man I gotta write these lyrics down, spit it, now how this shit sound? My Odd Future The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Work That Shit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Work that shit, work-work that shit {*4X*} Put in time, put-put in time {*2X*} Put in work, put-put in work Put in work, w-w-work-work that shit [Hodgy Beats] Night creep baby, I can be spooky Ride a nigga hard, foggy windows in the hooptie Fuck you so good, you gotta take a dookie Your hair's straight but when I'm finished it's gon' be poofy Put it in your mouth girl, chew me, chew me Ooh-wee, gooey, that girl bougie But you know I don't take that shit I hit it from the back like take that dick~! You gotta love me, don't fake that shit Up in the jacuzzi, movie make that shit Then maybe we can switch in the bathroom Hangin in the shower, show your ass like a baboon She like it rough; gotta cover the scratch wounds Hodgy Beats a hot dog, I know the cat cool Go ahead strip - I ain't throwin dollars But I'm pourin my juice, makin all you hoes swallow [Hodgy Beats] Girl I'm fin' to put in work here, I'ma make it hurt She don't know how to suck dick but she can make it twerk We do the six-nine, but I be like "Ladies first" She don't know how to ride the dick but she can make it burp Girl - take this dick, girl take this dick She blow me, the dog or pussy, and rape her clit Tap the lil' homey like "You better take this shit cause after I start she ain't gon' want me quit" Straight drop; yeah I beat it up like a cop Tell her do it do it do it, do it do it don't stop It's Friday night, and you know I'm on it Pop a pill and we ain't stoppin 'til Sunday mornin God damn, and you know lil' dirty put his mack down and if she go below, welcome to Sac Town Hey girl, stop playin around She want me to put in work and I put it down, hey! [Chorus] - 3X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats f/ Casey Veggies Album: The Dena Tape Song: Pink Magic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Said you wanna go? Where to? I mean we can but I don't know, I don't know [Chorus: Casey Veggies] She said she wanna go, she said she wanna leave I said I do too baby, where you wanna be? She said with me, wherever I go I'm just what she need, but she know how I do She know I write songs, but are they for her? She know I stay down, but will it occur? (Cur?) I don't know-ohhh But baby I know that we can go-ohhh, ohh, yeah [Hodgy Beats] You picked me thinkin I was your best guy Gave you the best slice from my best pie I even let you shop at Best Buy iTunes, won't you cop my song? Leave me alone I'm in my zone But I got this chick on the other line on my phone Damn she's all on my dome, givin me dome And most of them shown, unknown cums on the call then you pick up the phone I left my phone at home, and you copped it picked it up, then you dropped it Then she said "Whassup?" You said "Whassup?" You said "What the, what the fuck?" And I was just starin Tryin to get home racin in my McLaren Lookin at Aaron, starin People don't know but you say it ain't fair and I agree [Hodgy Beats] Yeah; I go to the house, you sit on the couch Take my shit off the couch, she tried to kick me out my house Her ring fall off, I'm pickin up the spouse Listen to the girl, shit I'm pickin up my mouth Jaw droppin, she dropped my jaw Now I'm pickin up what else is in my pocket Wallet fell out, she sat me on my ass I'm sittin in the grass, smokin on the grass Chillin with that ass that was yesterday; I mean we used to play And now it's time for divorce, relationship decayed I could spit that, break hearts like Tic Tacs Still get back, I meant to say Kit Kat [Casey Veggies] Girl you know I love you, tou know you are the hood I ain't tryin to read but it's one for the books I'm really feelin your looks, but it's also the inside You wanna come with me you because, you wanna win right? I'm givin you insight cause it don't sit in right Our love is in the dark but baby the lens like but this bout to end like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: April Fools Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] H, B, yeah [Hodgy Beats] Our letters divide as we differ; differ like a high over liquor Shot glass or bong, which one hit me quicker? You made me turn before, you should hit the flicker unless you want a bumper car fender bender I know I'm guilty but I'm not from the surrender gender I was introduced to the world in November - send a rose in the mail love written on the petals Picked out the concrete, in the middle of the ghetto She make me rage (rage) like I'm listenin to techno Had no insurance cause I paid for the gecko My past made my future, the reason no regretful but not for her, she the one that made me special I'm from the bottom, shorty from the middle middle class Was a pot of gold, had me on the Skittle task If she want something, she don't forget to ask Because I put her first, all the other bitches last (yeah) Girls on my left (left) girls on my right (right) But there's only one that's spendin the night And it's you (it's you) it's you (it's you) It's you (it's you) it's you (it's you) Girls on my left (left) girls on my right (right) But there's only one that's spendin the night And it's you (it's you) it's you (it's you) It's you - GIRL, it's you [Hodgy Beats] I can say that I met you on accident, it's the truth B Caught a stutter in my tone when she introduced me Your shirt tight, purse white, Gucci I'm her type, shirt white, sag pants loosely She got my duck (duck) duck goose see Out in the pu-blic, girl I'm actin goofy Popcorn and chips, go with the movie Kiss you while we in the store, I don't care who sees Three A's, two B's, two C's C's stand for credit, and I get extra She give me more of what the haters get less of I hop off the tour bus and never a next-up She stay in the +Lab+ with me like +Dexter+ Drive me around, cause she sweet like nectar I'm complimentin you, girl it's not a lecture I'm happy you let the Boogeyman get'cha [Interlude: repeat 2X] Don't rush it, it's early, there's crust in your eyes But surely, I notice, the lust in your eyes Girlie, I know you had enough of the guys Start with HB, don't be trustin the lies [Hodgy Beats] Do you wanna spend the night? (The night?) Do you wanna spend the night? (Huh?) And fall in love Do you wanna spend the night? (The night?) Do you wanna spend the night? (Night?) And fall in love Do you wanna spend the night? Maybe you can even be my wife - just for tonight Do you wanna spend the night? Girl you can spend the night, tonight [Chorus] + [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Cannon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] It's really a fuckin shame how these niggaz think they can rap better than me I mean, I'm not signed to anythinh but I'm just sayin like You wanna battle? I'ma just go punch lines And maybe you think twice [Hodgy Beats] Ohh~! If you got beef, you know where he at With the heavy arms, body parts I detatch Hungry like a pitbull the way that I, re-act Eat ya for dinner I skin 'em, yeah that's a pre-fact Now give me time to reach into the briefcase Got so much money, it's like a open freeway Switch lanes flip me off, model bitches get me off I'ma target, which one of you bitch niggaz can hit me dog I pull out she make me soft, wipe me down with a cloth And it better be Taylor bitch cause I'm McCain, to all you Sarah Palins bitch In the yacht when it's hot see me sailin rich Go back, switchin lanes, DB9, they do bad He be fine, she be mine, and she'd be mom Flippin quarters while I'm steppin on these dimes Jewelry the sun shines, so they be blind - put your glasses on Titties on the glass, girl put your asses on Born and raised without a pops nigga put the bastard on Yeah I'm starvin, like I'm fuckin fastin homes Better put your hands up, skerr, I crashed the song Ha! And I must be hotter And if they say shoot me, best believe I shot 'em Got 'em, mothafucker I pop them like a pill And I will pop 'em like a fuckin wheel, I'm ill You can make your music cause I'm gonna make mine anyway If you really wanna talk, you could get it anyday If you really wanna talk, you could get it anyday I'ma stack my chips and I'mma make my paper anyway You could get it anyday, you could get it anyway I'ma just hit you with the cannon, cannon I'ma just hit you with the cannon, cannon I'ma fuckin throw a fuckin tantrum, tantrum [Hodgy Beats] Yeah, you niggaz don't want beef cause I'm Hodgy Beats comin from them Dena streets If a nigga want heat, he gon' really get it If this bitch think she gettin money, she can really quit it I'm with it; I'm just kiddin, I'm not fuckin with it cause she probley got diseases in the clitoris Ha! Tickets, I'ma get it, by the cops better not But it's nice when I tie them on the spot I'm just chillin, I'm just thrillin, I'm just grillin muh'fuckers On your face it look like you been grillin muh'fucker Cause you blacker than a muh'fucker, better back up or I'ma get strapped like a muh'fucker, you get clapped like a mothafucker Muh'fucker, you think I'm fuckin jokin? But I choke yo' ass out, motherfucker choke him Choke him like he been lynchin And yeah, I ain't a shit, so I walk with a stinch and a limp, cause I'ma mother-motherfuckin' pimp I dont give a fuck, my name gon' be on motherfuckin blimps and shit, I'm just freestylin straight wilin Niggaz actin like I lay plans like I'm tilin Yeah, I do, but I'm motherfuckin wild And I spoke black and milds but I'm black and "Wild'n Out" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats f/ Frank Ocean Album: The Dena Tape Song: The Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Being in your presence, has become an obsession I'm trying to find the right words to make a good impression Girl you got the right curves, the smile as your expression I give you what you deserve rub your body while you restin She be my ghetto queen, and I call her Ms. Thing and I'm corrected with Mrs. cause I gave her the big ring I hold her Louis bag, we get off to switch planes Sharin the same thoughts, like we switched brains We sorta like Jamie Foxx, she just like me Her swagger skyscraper, cause she just wifey And I just might be, thinkin 'bout her all the time I pick her up and never let her fall behind If you need that, baby I got'cha Staring on a court, never off the roster I make her heart sing like opera And I let her feed me cookies cause, I'm the Cookie Monster [Chorus One: Hodgy Beats] Cupid, arrows, all the above We got each other, we got the love Cupid, arrows, all the above We got each other, we got the love L-O-V-E, L-O-V-E We got the L-O-V-E We got the L-O-V-E We got the love [Chorus Two: Frank Ocean] Baby we can take it slow, we don't have to race Slightly give a little gas, and pick up the pace I lost sight of the past, when I saw your face You were the pencil to the pad, and erase the pain away [Hodgy Beats] If you need comfort, then I can be a cure If you unsure baby, I can make you sore Bring out in the lion in you instead of the insecure Don't be suicidal I won't open up your door hahaha Super fly chick, suicide whip Two seated Coupe baby, you and I dip Off, in another world on that and I shhhh Can't nobody take me away, from my Goddess [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Outro] Gone, I feel so good (ohhhhhhh) I feel real good We got the what? L-O-V-E, L-O-V-E We got the L-O-V-E {*2X*} We got the love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Skinny Rapper Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah (yeah) H.B. (H.B.) Hodgy Beats (Hodgy Beats) O.F. (O.F.) Vivrant Beats (Vivrant Beats) Heh heh... yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah... [Chorus: repeat 2X] Scratch, as I attack the facts I like fat bags and fat stacks, but I'm a skinny rapper As I attack the facts I like fat bags and fat stacks, but I'm a skinny rapper [Hodgy Beats] The opposite direction is a way to commute My obstacle bein the long trip to commute When the teacher take a day off, who substitutes? Kids ballin up paper in class, paper planes, super glue Stuck as I'm sittin with a pen no pencil Permanent utensil, explodin with the mental Through the wire goes dental become influential Hellbound with the music when heaven sent you Horns with the angel wings, Devil cry while the angels sing Adjacent must be the way that he angling Crooked, if it fights to get away he book it Over the stove out on the streets after he cook it Scent, prettier then flowers, ground gritty in the showers I take every single minute, this is my hour I'ma show you the power O.F., Vivrant Beats, the time is ours [Hodgy Beats - singing] I on my way down the yellow brick road My conscience grows, grows, glitter it holds When I reach my destination she seems to glitter from gold And I lose my mind, sellin my soul Na-na-naa she sings, la-la-laa Over, over, she hits the notes Take a whiff, sniff, sniff, take a sniff from the nose Seductive - I bow down and propose to the game, it's my other half now I'm gone [Hodgy - ad libbing] Na-na-naa she sings, la-la-laa Take a whiff... sniff from the nose Na-na-naa, she sing la-la-laa-laa Take a whiff, sniff, from the nose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Pink Leather Intestines Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {*birds chirping*} Such a beautiful day... Such a beautiful day, such a beautiful day Such a beautiful day, so beautiful... Why do I feel ugly? [Hodgy Beats] I put my frozen cheese through the grater after takin the cheddar out the refrigerator Seasoned it, zest it, let it marinate up Give it a couple hours and get back to it later In the oven it goes, but I'm no baker Open up them jaws, you will not taste the Quaker Oatmeal, poached chill, fo'real Go and get some floss cause it's stuck inside yo' grill The direction of selections of the questions are collections So before you think to step in, don't speak When I speak you can't tell me nathan I've been away from my pops since a child like, I was put in placement My mother date a other cat to try and replace him Pain only erase him, when I look in the mirror every day I would face him, and it was when I met him My heart, fell into my pink leather intestines [Chorus: repeat 8X] Pink, leather {INTESTINES} [Hodgy Beats] Uhh; three o'clock in the mornin makin halfway songs Thinkin my mom's my dad cause he halfway gone He called me one day told me he halway wrong I laughed in his face like this is how it belong But callin me with bullshit, only made me strong cause he showed his ass like a woman with a thong I used to go crazy, call me King-Kong I bang on my chest and be, strange like the rest of my crew Slang for clothes and get the best kind of shoes Mom couldn't afford 'em, she wouldn't pay for 'em I asked if she would buy 'em she told me to pray for 'em I was commonly known, but my thoughts stayed foreign I never got lovin enough, like I ain't fuckin enough He wasn't lovin he bluffed emotional stuff and I cuffed and kept it in my chest then Until it dropped, and moved into my pink leather intestines The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Interlude Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Mars Productions Hey! Yes, hey! Yup - yeah, whassup? Hey! Hey! Yeah, yup, Hodgy Beats Umm, yeah B, let's go Ohh... You make me feel like the sky so blue Your eyes so blue, your thighs so beaut' Your ego is equal to whatever I'm doin So when I go, then she go, oops I mean we go Louis Vuitton bags, flesh flannel plaid Diamonds in my baby ears thanks to her dad Niggaz say she high maintenance but them niggaz can't manage When they gotta pay for somethin they start speakin that Spanish When I take her out to eat I start speakin spinach Cause I ain't come here to lose girl I came here to win it I'm not another fish that just came here to swim in I start with the words cause - that's just the beginning You haters fall back or get your skull cracked It's a game of tug of war and I'll make you fall back Now back to you baby, I must ask one thing Uhhhhh - will you take this ring? Yup, yeah, hey~! Hey Yup... Hodgy Beats Mars Productions The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Sorry Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah, yeah, uhh O.F. Yeah, yeah Hodgy Beats, O.F. [Hodgy Beats] I want to apologize first and foremost That donkey on me cause of clothes in my wardrobe I got a lot of butter, spread it on more toast and I seem to catch groupies when I rock more shows They scatter and screamin while I'm runnin away I run for the +Future+ when they run for today I run for the money, I be chasin the hay And hay is for horses, in the way I am sorta the differences between wat don't matter and what's important Through all the backward static and distortion The ladies don't force him They are assigned to a mission, and Hodgy aborts them When I try to get past but ghost, there's more of them I know you don't trust none of them It's all in your head be sure of them Because baby girl you're the cure for him You make him born again I'm sorry - please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay Girl I apologize, please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay I apologize, please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay Girl I apologize, please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay [Hodgy Beats] Look, I use to cheat in the streets Hotels and suites, cheat in the sheets Skeet on her teeth, freak for the leap Then it leaks in the heat, he greets her when it meets She ready, to pick up somethin heavy Slow your horses, steady before you hop into the Chevy I wanna be faithful, for your love I'm grateful But it's hard, and hard you can relate too When the girls be beggin on Getting in my head eggin on, I'm wakin in the bed with thongs You ringin on my doorbell, DING-DONG They better get gone, on the double ... I'm already in trouble And if you open the door, you burstin all bubbles I swear I wish I never cuddled cause from the bottom of my heart, I love you [Outro] Please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay Girl I apologize, please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay I apologize, please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay Girl I apologize, please don't go away If you leave I'ma chase cause I want you to stay You know baby, I really apologize I'm sorry for everything that I done But these women, they just be on me I can't help but to, look the other way I mean it's hard to look, the other way If you understand what I'm talkin 'about But... I'ma do my best to try and keep you I'm sorry The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Bastard Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Yo, yo FUCK 2DopeBoyz and FUCK NahRight and any other fuck nigga-ass blog that can't put an 18 year old nigga makin his own fuckin beats covers, videos and all that shit Fuck you post-Drake ass cliche jerking L.A. Slausson rapping fuck nigga-ass HypeBeast niggaz Now back to the album~! {Well - Tyler hi, I'm Dr. TC, and um, I'm guessing} {that your teacher sent you here to talk cause you were misbehaving} {Um, it's gonna be three sessions, today, tomorrow, Wednesday so} {just tell me something about yourself} {Well look, if you don't talk} {I mean these sessions are going to go slower} [Tyler, the Creator] This is what the devil plays before he goes to sleep Some food for thought, this food for death, go ahead and fuckin eat My father's dead, well I don't know, we'll never fuckin meet I cut my wrists and play piano cause I'm so depressed Somebody call the pastor, this bastard is so possessed This meeting just begun, nigga I'm Satan's son [Tyler, the Creator] My mother raised me a single parent so it's apparent that I got love for my mother, none of you other fuckers are much important I'm gettin angrier while recordin I'm feelin like the Bulls, I've got a Gang of Wolves Odd Future is children that's fucked up in they mental Simple but probably not, fuck 'em! [Tyler, the Creator] I'm tall, dark, skinny, my ears are big as fuck Drunk white girls the only way I'll get my dick sucked Su-spended from school, coolest nigga without effort Easy to spot like black bitches with fake leopard Soak me up in a tampon, but keep the lamp on Cause this album pack enough evil that you can't fit inside a Jansport Go to school with this [Tyler, the Creator] I go from A.P. to J.C. inside a fuckin week Waking up with random girls like "Yo bitch, how the fuck we meet?" I stay with grandma, she always bitchin about her carpet Every time I walk inside the house, she always tend to start shit No to drugs I never spark it I used to be bullied for honor classes by those that were slow as molasses Take this shit to school [Tyler, the Creator] Raquel treat me like my father like a fuckin stranger She still don't know I made Sarah to strangle her Not put her in danger and chop her up in the back of a Wrangler All because she said no to homecoming, demons running inside my head, telling me evil thoughts I'm the dream catcher but nothing but nightmares I caught Go to sleep [Tyler, the Creator] I wear green hats because I'm fortunately lucky "Fuck me" the monster said, somehow the monster's dead inside of me, but the thoughts it tells me are still evil With this state of mind, big moves, Max Keeble I'm on my grind feeble, my music's either a fucking sin or too illegal Play this shit in church [Tyler, the Creator] I graduated without honors or fuckin father He died {I'm so sorry} no bitch, don't even fuckin bother I wanted a brother my mother I told her But instead I got a sister, just like me with her mister nada So both of our imaginations are creations of the fuckin situation that's having our brains racin like dating, wearin some fucking Heelys [Tyler, the Creator] I know you fucking feel me, I want to fucking kill me But times I'm so serious, you think I'm silly I'm doing Big Style Willy couldn't touch 11 7, what's religion nigga? I am legend I roll with skaters and musicians with an intuition I created O.F. cause I feel we're more talented than 40 year old rappers talkin 'bout Gucci When they have kids they haven't seen in years, impressin they peers with the same problem, the only way to solve them is to go to Father's Day convention with a gold revolver Life's a salad, I'ma toss it, eat that shit up, Rick Ross it Shit it out, bag it up, sell it, I'm so damn rebellious Cause my mother let me do what I want She wasn't careless, protective she is the bear Annd the shit is so bare, my diary isn't hid My father didn't give a fuck so it's somethin I inherit... My mom is all I have so it's never +Meet the Parents+ When Danielle or Milan decide to fuckin share This confused boy, I wanna hug hoy I'm bad for you kids to listen to, soy is not the choice I'm bad milk, drink it {Whoa, umm, it seems you had a lot to say} PUh, who knows I might feel as I'm evaluating} [Tyler, the Creator] My wrist is all red from the cutter and drippin cold blood like the winter, the summer os never that's equivalent to me and Sarah Well that's not her fuckin name, but I think this shit is clever My niggaz wanna know if I'm fuckin, or if I'm kissin But I'm sittin here downin beers simply just wishin with a tear they try to tell me but I never listen Cause I don't give a shit like, sittin down pissin 18, still talking to imaginaries Hopefully they see the talent I carry just like Jimmy Losers can never win me, you can never offend me My goal in life is a Grammy, hopefully momma'll attend the ceremony with all my homies, I'm suicidal This my +Zombie Circus+, I hope the majors heard this Fuck a deal, I just want my father's e=mail so I can tell him how much I fuckin hate him in detail!!! {Wow, umm, so Tyler if you had the chance to tell him something} {What would you tell him?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Seven Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] I'd tell him to eat a dick quicker than Mexicans sprint over borders I give a fuck like a quarter with 20 cent At Hamptons with Fred Hampton relaxin at Happy Camper The fuckin financial aid at Hamptons wasn't relaxin I'm taxing, "Fuck 'em all!" I'm chanting Don't complain I'm just ranting Fuck ranking, I'm the best I'm the champion's chariot I'm a liar like Carrey in "Liar, Liar" I'm dirtier than the sheets in the Marriott +Cable Guy+ like +Larry+, Peter Pan in my youth Fuck you +Fairies+, I'm using my +Tooth+ bait to give that bitch teeth paste Fuck it, Odd Future some Nazis, black Nazis don't copy We perfect, you sloppy, hotter than Saki Takei Fuck a label on my jacket, screw you like a ratchet Screw you like a black teen on Judge Hatchett Hang with thrashers and jackers, drug dealers and crackers AP students and slackers I'm backwards like Jermaine Dupri in '93 Escaping from concentration camps with a fuckin girl, board and a ramp that I ordered from CCS with some diamonds that's VVS Like I went to Sierra Leone in a homecoming dress With some matching pink panties, lipstick from my granny Sup on my hat like that motherfucker friendly White, red-headed bitch, reminded me of Annie She dyno like my state of mind, so yeah she understand me Fuck You Bunch is here, never disrespect my family That's for my little brother, sister, cousin and my auntie Wasted fuckin youth? All you old niggaz antiques We go skate, rape sluts, and eat donuts from Randy Bitches like Tina Landry, watching Billy and Mandy Motherfuckers wanna be +Odd+ but you can't be Sit the fuck down all you old niggaz stand me Faggot [Tyler, the Creator] I guess I got to be a fuckin hand-me-down rapper from Los Angee' area anytime I'm fuckin landin Fuck 2DopeBoyz and NahRight, shout out to Hype Track them motherfuckers could never get rid of me Guess I gotta do a fuckin song with Dom Kennedy Get these fucking hip-hop bloggers to start feelin me Because I'm 17, compose my own beats, lyrically I'm dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine Maybe I should buy some Hundreds, wear some fuckin skinny jeans and follow in your footsteps like a motherfuckin millipede Centipede, make songs about Gucci and cigga-weed Jerk with my freshmen like it's some motherfuckin little league No I ain't no fucking hipster, mister No I'm not no fucking Kid CuDi, all my fuckin fans love me Collaboration hits for fans screaming FUCK BUDDIES~! Yo, yo [Tyler, the Creator] I'm driving in a stolen truck, and I'm probably fuckin drunk Wasted as fuck, can't +Walk It Out+, DJ Unk My nose is filled with coke, and my license is revoked (Shut the fuck up!) Who the fuck told me not to spoke? Fuck everybody here, everybody vanished I'm managed, hop off my dick and make a fuckin sandwich Everybody listening can suck my dick in Spanish Fuck you... faggot (fucking bastard) [Outro] Ha ha ha! Yeah, umm As you can probably tell from listening to this record I was, I was probably angry, probably on my period But um, I didn't mean to offend anyone Alright, I'm lying! O.F. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Casey Veggies & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Odd Toddlers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh, yeah, how you doin the dead{?} Uhh, yeah, uh-huh, yeah Ace, the Creator motherfuh', look Casey Veggies, uh-huh Odd Future look Look... [Tyler, the Creator] Hello, the hype is so mellow Bitch I'm dope but my pipe is so yellow with blue polka dots, pink stripes and it's pink on the title Nigga fuck your role model bitch, I'm my own idol and If you can't face it my nigga you can ass it Might accessorize accessories bring out my assets Nigga this sound on acid, tablets Stussys G-Shock with my custom pair of 3D glasses I suffer from ADHD I should win a fucking award for being me Beat bangin the tom-toms My producer selection is fresh nigga, fuck Vons Ace the Underdog, thrown them on the back bender cause I change my outfit more than transsexuals change gender Eatin Belgian waffles with Italian biscotts I sold my soul to the devil for thirty percent off And to you emo kids who walk around pissed off Step 1: pull your panties down and start to piss off Step 2: run to your radio, turn this shit off Nigga didn't bother, so my father didn't help So when my mom would beat my ass, she would always hit me with Gucci belts Gucci imprint from leather welts, uh-huh, yeah Ace, the Creator man! Uhh Casey Veggies yo~! Uh-huh Odd Future nigga, get used to it Uhh, let me ay I'ma slow it down real quick for you Look [Tyler, the Creator] I'm so dapper man, funky fresh Dapper Dan I'm your favorite rapper, fan it's an honor to shake my hand On +Award Tour+, on +Excursions+ I'm a virgin of swap meets I'm so pure, so sick it's no cure I'm dope, where the fiends at? Aight, where the jeans at? The hat, the crew, the t-shirt is Supreme, uhh [Casey Veggies] And they see me they play Pictionary I got a good way with words like a dictionary And in that dictionary my name is by "Fresh" They at the same spot they makin no progress Becoming a good rapper ain't that easy of a process Eargasms they have them The hotels we stayin in twelve star Tyler say "Yo Casey just write a twelve bar" If I'm with twelve people, I'm with twelve stars You haters put up your guards They against us? Oh no Red and white diamonds, Supreme box logo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Bastard Song: French! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Got all the black bitches mad cause my main bitch vanilla She tryin to get her +Groove Back+ like +Stella+, grab the umbrella When it comes to your perception of my shit I'm Helen Keller When it comes to the perfection of my shit I know you smell the rectum, I'm like a chromosome I always X them Like Wolverine stepson attackin a deadly weapon I'm openin a church to sell coke and Led Zeppelin and fuck Mary in her ass... hehehe, yo~! I'm fucking Goldilocks up in the forest in the three bear house eating they motherfuckin porridge I tell her it's my house, give her a tour in my basement and keep that bitch locked up in my storage Rape her and record it, then edit it with more shit Octopussy special effect the wet bitches be bangin and please never disrespect my set with Canons hangin from our necks like it's a motherfuckin circus You little niggaz better check my French You getting money better check my French What time is it, huh? Check my French If you cop my shit you better check my French I'm makin moves, check my French I speak English but check my French Your hoe be on my penis, she check my French Bitch [Tyler, the Creator] I guess I left my dignity up in the cupboard, cause every girl I'm diggin when I'm diggin in her pussy, I'm never using a rubber But fuck it, I guess I got to stretch it out like it was flubber and leave it drippin green and red like double cheeseburgers Chewin on cum like bubble gum from Hubba This bitch knew dick like Bubba knew shrimp, yeah ... Yo I'm seventeen, already sniffin blow I tell my friends it's asthma every time I start to itch my throat I got a new show for MTV, "Pimp My Boat" because some bitch said my semen was dirty, that's silly hoe The most that they can do is find me I'm hiding, somewhere where Chris Stokes can't find me Oh no Mr. Stokes, I don't like misters no Don't tell R. Kelly where my little sister go [Hodgy Beats] Yo; you little niggaz better check my French I got all stars and you can check my bench Left Brain, Super 3, Creator Ace Put expressions in the music and create the face of the picture punchline figured out, ahh I get you No you don't nigga so why don't you go and figure You seem confused anyway, pressured enough? You the type of dude that choke when the pressure is up The pressure is the pump and the pressure is us Bitche having eargasms and the pleasure is us Niggaz wanna be O.F. and write letters to us Competition's competition, yo you better than us? Digest what I'm sayin? I don't think so We sick shit, throw it up down in the sink yo The +Odd+ niggaz are beginnin to spill these pink notes We think sorta +Odd+, so we think so [Tyler, the Creator] Crusin in my go kart at Walmart sellin cupcakes Go ahead admit it faggot, this shit is tighter than butt rape that involve ballpark franks and silver duct tape pornos and hormones and boxes of DiGiorno You homos is loco, you probably drinkin Cuervo with some vatos with the door closed watching Zorro You homos... O.F., yes {So are you dating anyone right now? Y'know} No I'm just, playing the field, for right now {Ahh so, I'm guessing she's white since, she's a vanilla} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Blow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] If this was a game, I already know that I would come out winner And I'm not braggin; I'ma be in her but this bitch really think that I'm 'bout to buy her dinner My steak good, I got a good cut like Splinter Juicy and hot, such a black bitch temper Now she wanna talk and chop it up like a blender but I don't give a fuck and or even +List+en like +Schindler+ She's cute but her forehead's big Got stretch marks like she got four kids Her legs can't close like the four door hinge Bronco that O.J. killed the white whores with A wealthy white girl without the facelift Lure her with expensive dinners and a nice bracelet Leave the bitch breathless; but what the bitch don't know is that I'm a motherfuckin sellout and a rapist Baby, you're an angel How about we turn this into a fable of some sort? You already know you're dead Ironic cause your lipstick's red, of course I stuffed you in the trunk, drunk cause all I really wanna do is fuck and snort blow and snort... blow [Tyler, the Creator] If this was a game I would be considered a motherfuckin legend And I ain't trying to gas you like Chevron But I'm high as fuck bitch, you really need to get on my leverage Now we're in the cabin, in the middle of "uhhhhh" Tryin to find ways to really stuff you in my cabinet Dreamy little bastard, I done ran outta luck So now it's time for a bloody foot you little rabbit You're very attractive and notice that my hat is always the color of cactus And I hang with wolves, cause I'm an evil bastard Pictures of you on my wall no glue no tape but just cum - plastered Met you at my school, departed at my house Ended at your panties, started at your blouse Pushed you down stairs, I took a nap up on the couch {*snoring*} If you wanted a date, don't come Now you gotta make it easy for you don't run You call this shit kids, well I call these kids cum And you call this shit rape, but I think that rape's fun Wait, now it's about eight something It's late and you stuck in my base one Come downstairs with nothing but a shoestring Yeah bitch, this date's done [Chorus] - 2X [talking over Chorus repeat] Watch a movie Do somethin Ride bikes Take a trip to the beach, you can go anywhere [Outro] I like my girls how I like my drugs - white Lord; you so pretty, laying in my arms I just got one request... Stop breathing The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Domo Genesis Album: Bastard Song: Pigs Fly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Ayy~! Ayy, ayy, umm... I was taught, to act my shoe size never my age I always judge a book by the cover never the page I never judge a murder by weapons, only the rage that he felt when he dealt with the physiological phase They say that I never cease to amaze while half my mental belongs in a cage The ape is a beast, tranquilize that bitch If you niggaz sellin dope then you sellin my shit Sellin my assets I'm so damn illegal that I need to be arrest But then they'll get my mom for 18 years of possession She showed me affection like a drug dealer using her pocket for my protection The pigs fly away in the morning but I ain't get to see you today And if I want to go outside I got to make sure that I can play here I bet you never seen a pig fly {*3X*} Well you ain't been lookin through my eyes [Domo Genesis] I bet you've never seen a pig fly, nope Right next to the fat lady hittin high notes Went to sleep at seven, never woke up from the dream Wear my wings and my jeans but my hat is from Supreme ... So I guess that's where I hide my things Caged, and the wonder is seen Middle finger missin so I can not give a fuck I can hear the bells ringing off the +Nice Dream+ truck So I'm chasin the dreams, no realities Hoping that maturity won't be too mad at me but if so, I'll take the scorn, indeed happily Long as I can feel my heart tap like +Happy Feet+ [Tyler, the Creator] Fatherless kids, orphans like me and Domo is A fuck that we will never give is like our pops but what we did was found our niche and made a stitch just like a shirt, that's why our stains smell like the shit That's from [Bridge] And my circus is all night (don't go home tonight) It's all night (don't go home tonight, chill) Yeah the shit's all night (don't go home tonight) And my circus is all night (don't go home tonight) It's all night (please stay, don't go home tonight) It's all night (don't go home tonight) [Tyler, the Creator] I'm an Odd Fellow, the opposite of mellow The therapist said hello but my mom would wonder I was dealin with iller shit like professional plumbers like food for thought was my father but I ain't have the hunger My self esteem was like me, tall and full of flaws My pride is gone, I'm that +Guy+ like Aaron Hall Shit, I know some niggaz wear their hearts on they sleeves But I wear mine on my head... Supreme O.F. Tyler Domo Genesis The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Parade Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Odd (I'm not yet a man) Future (still not of a boy) Wolf (this my only joy) Gang (now let's parade in gold) [Tyler, the Creator] Welcome to the euphoria of co-Kaine without Abel I can make music that makes sense, but not meant to be stable 18 with the whole world in front of me Odd Future teenagers, nobody can fuck with we [Chorus] - 2X [Tyler, the Creator] I scream and jump around on couches while you sit and talk I skip to places, smiling faces, while you fuckin walk My TV stays on Cartoon Network, fuck that Twilight shit You have highlights about your life, I have lights 'bout my high life bitch Go to college, get a job, marry have a kid Watch them grow and then you die? No, nigga fuck the sys-tem [Tyler, the Creator] Good kids make bad grown-ups - stay gold, stray old Maturing means that your life sucks In my wolf suit I roam where the wild things at Still growing, still learning, not knowing that I'm maxed I don't want to grow up, I know that shit for a fact Nigga 18 [Tyler, the Creator] They say I'm immature, I say that they depressed I talk to unicorns, I'm wearing a uniform of a nigga that don't give a fuck about time You live your life all serious while I'm enjoying mine {WOW, that's a, that's a very good way to look at it} Yeah I mean... I don't know I mean I'm really hyper and everything with my imagination {Ohh okay - got ADHD?} I'm not having ADHD like one second I'm real hyped as fuck but the next minute - I can just slow that shit down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Song: Slow it Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ace, the Creator O.F., Hodgy Beats (drop it) [Hodgy Beats] We come through throbbin, like thunderstorms Make their feets get wet and funky up in they underarms I'm too explosive for your ears like I'm throwin bombs With the exclusive on the channel, bitch I know it's on Niggaz get mad like cheerleaders, they throw they pom-poms Suck a dick, eat salam', gettin they nails done in salons Hodgy Beats is like limp balm If you talk shit, I'll make you cry and tell your big moms I got nice hands, niggaz eat out my big palms Haters must be starvin nowadays I make California Vietnam And I'm going to embalm my creativity into a CD-ROM so you can feel the shit I'm on [Chorus One: Tyler - repeat 2X] {We gon' slow it down} Turn it up {We gon' slow it down} Where's the bass? {We gon' slow it down} Bring the keys {for all you slow niggaz} Yeahhh [Chorus Two: Tyler] Oh my god! {We gon' slow it down} Turn it up {We gon' slow it down} Nigga where's the bass? {We gon' slow it down} Hodgy bring the keys {for all you slow niggaz}  Yeahhh {Slow it down} Turn it up {Slow it down} Nigga where's the bass? {Slow it down} Drop the drums [Tyler, the Creator] Pink chinchilla, somethin like thrilla My t-shirts are +Bathing+, a bathing gorilla You niggaz all hype like you drank a cup of Splenda but I ate the whole plate like a fat bitch dinner I'm never the winner, always the loser I don't choose to win, but I will choose her Her kitty-cat fish loves his tuna I never use a fork I always spoon her Go nuts, instrumental flow much European model white bitch is eatin donuts Fuck you faggots, I'm with a fat bitch Makin shit come like I'm Go-Go Gadget I'm mental, it's instrumental Make your bitches' therapist ask for dental records And I hope this record have you stabbin niggaz with colored pencils [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Tyler, the Creator] Yo - bubble gum that Reese's Pieces You fail at life, I'll mug your teachers I've got Muslims callin on Jesus I fucked Kelly, where is Regis? Found Alicia, now she keyless Cold as ice, and now I'm creamless Murdered every bod' from my squad So technically, now I'm teamless O.F. is so prestigious (uhh, yeah, umm) (It's, it's not that hard but) (Well for me it's not) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Earl Sweatshirt Album: Bastard Song: AssMilk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Uhh~! Addicts arise, when I arrive in this cracked crack fag backslap in disguise Fat sack of knives in the passenger side Bitch reach for the door, get your access denied [Tyler, the Creator] I'm not an asshole I just don't give a fuck a lot The only time I do is when a bitch is screamin "Tyler, stop" The Big Bad Wolf, to me you're just a minor fox Red Ridin is gettin some of this wolfly +Odder+ cock [Earl Sweatshirt] We the niggaz you scared of like bad dentists Flow is anthemic, dirty like it's plants in it Sick spit a pandemic, crack and cancer mixed with cannabis to have a bitch, ready to stab a clit with some glass and shit [Tyler, the Creator] Your whole gang will get diminished, +Bunch+ got the +Bradys+ in it Spit sick shit like my saliva got the rabies in it Fuck rap, I'll be your landlord so I can rape the tenants Daughter leave my house with a new stomach, and a baby in it [Earl Sweatshirt] Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carriers [Interlude] + (Tyler) AUGH oww oww oww oww oww, oww, oww, stop! Why did you do that? (Say sorry) Sorry I'm sorry as fuck (say sorry) I'm sorry as fuck Ow! (Say sorry) I'm sorry, don't look at this (Say sorry) Don't look at this! (Say sorry) Ow! Stop (say sorry) 'fore you fuck somethin up (Say sor..) Sorry, sorry (*laughing*} Uncle! (Aw fuck this nigga) {I like him} [Earl Sweatshirt] Face it, me and Ace is sick like malaria carries Jim Carrey her to the cemetery to bury her Listen busters, scarier when I finger fuck her After I dig her up and then eat her out with a bit of mustard [Tyler, the Creator] Took karate mommy told me "Tyler toughen up" Rihanna haircut, somebody tell Chris Brown to fuck me up Had to teach the bitch manners, now I gotta learn her I'll beat the fuck out your bitch anonymous, Ike Turner [Earl Sweatshirt] Over, sloppy seconds is my preference except for when I'm feedin on the flesh of a pedestrian Nessy Loch Monster stop; will he though? Probably not Silly hoes lick my balls like FIFA lollipops [Tyler, the Creator] Get the certain tingle, eatin Haagen Daas with some soccer moms where they like to fuckin sit and mingle Watch an Animal Planet document on the eagles In the flyest '06 Supreme +Beanie+, +Siegel+ [Earl Sweatshirt[ Your grind's feeble, I'm regal, really, I'm Willy Smith +I Am Legend+ a snicker dick in a vanilly chick Come take a stab at it faggot, I pre-ordered your casket This is known as a classic, yeah that chapped lips crack shit [Tyler, the Creator] Hat is always +Forrest+ so the bitches call me +Gump+ but compliment her tits and then it's off to hump her Fuck her in a Hummer while I rape her then I put her in a slumber It's not a figure of speech when I tell you that I dumped her [Earl Sweatshirt] Known narcissists, sippin on arsenic Carved carcasses in the garage, don't park in it Hard as findin retarded kids at Harvard It's Wolf Gang barkin keep you up like car alarms and shit [Tyler, the Creator] Over the edge, yeah I had in a potato sack cause I'm cold as ice like Anasia when she fuckin Traq I'm the type to put you down to bring myself up So when I rape a bitch I hold her down to get my best nut [Earl Sweatshirt] The reincarnation of '98 Eminem 60 Crip and Grizzly and some RMK Denim Pay attention I'm stabbin your women friends, like a gentlemen then dippin with the fuckin pen to go sin again [Tyler, the Creator] White girl, you can ask her what the dick be like At Monster Madness doin driveby's on a fuckin fixie bike Fuck it moron, snortin oxycontin, wearin cotton Oxymoron like buff faggots playin sissy dykes [Earl Sweatshirt] This the shit that get crippled bitches to hop Dirty crack pipes lit, bullshit to stop, halt Boss broke, spouse choke, blouse open Sly's little shop of horrors, now showing [Tyler, the Creator] I hate gays, gangbangers and fuckin jerkers unless it's gay gangbangers that's fuckin jerkers Whoa yo, yo.. no homo I'm not gay, faggot!! Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wu-Tanh bangin in your system Probably bangin in your sister with my children swimmin in her system Let me say this shit in slow-mo', homo You don't fuckin skate, take off of that box logo Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: VCR Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] I don't want to play you I just want to tape you undressin then I'll lay you down and record soft porn If it's romance then it's hardcore If it's horror pop the popcorn The thoughts to rape you really turns me on Press my buttons baby, press my buttons Press my buttons baby Press my buttons baby, press my fuckin buttons baby Press my buttons baby (bitch!) [Tyler, the Creator] You're my favorite show; any chance I get I try to watch Die hard fan can't stop with the tapings Sort of like a psycho when I can't stop with the rapings of the VHS especially during sex baby [Tyler, the Creator] Ready to watch? I'ma slip it in the tape deck but put it in slow-mo', I don't wanna bust the tape yet Press play~! Now this is what I call an evening A live show, almost equivalent to the screening Your dream movie, I'm the clearest copy Now time for +Blow+, I'm +Johnny DEEP+ with the rarest poppy Snort a little - now you gettin groovy cause I'll kill if I find out you're watchin some other movies Bitch [Outro] Press my buttons baby, press my fuckin buttons baby Press, me... STOP! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Wheels Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Danielle, Danielle, yeah you heard about Raquel Well that didn't go well, let us try to make it swell Put the beaver in the mail, we can take it slow like snail Lock my heart up, this is jail - throw away the key Can I sleep over, and wake up next to you? I want to feel you near, just let me whisper in your ear (um) [Tyler, the Creator] We can kick it on the couch, blunt you can roll it up but I'm on some 'shrooms if you really want to feel the room I just want to kick it, kick it for the rest I skated all day, I just need some rest, I'm depressed [Tyler, the Creator] We can count the stars on the hood of your father's car He's a buster anyway, I can take him any day Look into your eyes I realize that I like you so.. ..much that was corny, now I'm horny, can I have a kiss? [Tyler, the Creator] We both teenagers with the same mindstate How about some ice cream and some South Park for this first date? Your cat is waiting for that raw fish I can't wait Get it? Hehehe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ BranDun Deshay, Hodgy Beats Album: Bastard Song: Session Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] (I CAN'T READ~!!) [Roll, roll the 'dro up] {I got five on this} {I GOT FIVE ON IT TOO MY NIGGA} (You smokin my nigga?) Nah I ain't smokin {NIGGA C'MON JUST HIT THE FUCKIN BLUNT} Nahh! Y'all know I don't smoke man {THIS NIGGA NEVER WANNA SMOKE} I'm high off life nigga {STRAIGHT EDGE ASSHOLE} I'm good man! {WELL FUCK IT; IF YOU AIN'T GONNA FUCKIN SMOKE NIGGA} {JUST, JUST RAP FOR US NIGGA} Aight I can hotbox it Yo, yo, look [Tyler, the Creator] I'm Tyler Mr. Green Hat, pro-abortion anti-clean rap Fuck your blog opinion and your feedback My self-respect I leave that, in the lost and found Wwere the black girls get theu weaves back; awesome I achieve that Mini, blasting "You're a Jerk" in some fuckin yellow skinnies looking like a fucking faggot! Bouncing round the house trying to find an easy way to rape Minnie Bet you thirty dollars you find her like Cartman found Kenny - dead I like my girls smart, skinny, kinda Pop Tart When I bite into 'em red I'm a self-racist, you should tape this, ask Sarah, I'm the rapist I'm a fascist, fuck fashion, Gucci belts is for them faggots My hat is by Jabbia; if you got a fuckin problem with the Future you can get a death wish just like Atiba Fuck the biz apparent, Odd Future errant I'm watching the baracks gettin head from someone's parent Blind fuckin hate inside my heart, guaranteed that I'm sharin in the force with the cyclops starin I'm flyin on a beaver, you're a disbeliever So don't ask for no motherfuckin ride when you see us Swim right past you, the shit-list said that I'm nutty such a cashew, cause I jack off with dish soap and smell gas fumes Permanent brain damage similar to tattoos The shit - you can mention me if anybody ask you Kill the jungle let the cats loose You didn't see me here if someone ask you [Interlude] That nigga got off! Hodgy Beats, haha Hey, tell these niggaz [Hodgy Beats] I want to feel her in every way Mary Jane keeps me high like every day Bong, vaporizer, and the sack now Stuck in my high, afraid of heights, I'm trapped Buy a swisher for a dollar or two blunt wraps Roll it up and ensure that everything's fat She ain't got time to try and relieve ya But she'll get all in your head, Sativa [Interlude] Ha ha~! Oh shit that's it? Can't go no more? Yo, ayy Ayy tell BranDun (to go) [BranDun Deshay] I'm good but y'all don't want me like vegetables I'm all in front of you zeroes like decimals Let's take them high like the decibels So we get 'em high, get 'em high like cholesterol In the overweight mother-lover, my tracks is filled with blubber that's fat, who needs another producer? Chicago get it from +Odd Future+ Used to ride solo vause I ain't really care what the rest say Type of nigga to jerk off to his own sex tape Best stay away when the door closed I show up with four hoes Best believe I'm leaving with more of those And I got a girlfriend! So I'm a keep lying until the verse end, end, yeah Bran Deshay, Hodgy Beats, Ace the Creator Odd Future, uhh O.F. until, until from now until forever, peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Sarah Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] I like my girls skinny, with brains I like my hoodies fucked, with lame I like my friends imaginary with no names and I make music for the fuck of it, no fame Aim, shoot, the gun, of love, round Tried to find ammo but it's none around town So I went down South but I ended up North Uptown sittin on cloud 9's white porch And of course, my car's off course You're so white, my blinkers don't work I'm tryin to let the force be with you, I get you Music is my first, but I contemplate divorce You make a nigga sing songs nice You make a nigga nighttime day And you make the flowers sing say turn green yellow It sucks that I didn't get the chance to say hello (HI~!) I want to eat you out like Jello And mess with your body like the bass and the cello And tell your mom I said hello You want to go to prom? (Nigga hell no) Fuck (shit) and another one There goes another one (Tyler the Creator, O.F.) [Chorus: repeat 2X] Another love song about shit And I'll be rich if I get another diss Or maybe Cupid won't miss (BLAOW!) [Interlude] Baby (no) Baby (I'm sorry) Baby (I got a date) Baby (whatever) [Tyler, the Creator] I like her L-I-K-E The only difference is she won't fuck with me But she will fuck with that Vegetable with her hairs full of X and O's I want to tie her body up and throw her in my basement Keep her there so nobody can wonder where her face went (Tyler, what are you...?) Shut the fuck up! Shut up, you gonna fuckin love me bitch or I'ma fuckin put this gun in your fuckin head But all I really want is a kiss on the cheek in private, not public in the streets And your cupcake how we eat and your toes cause I got a big fetish with the feet I just want somebody I can see You can be a gold digger, you ain't got to love me I'm serious (I love you) I don't axe for much Your heart literally is what I do want for lunch (You're gonna kill me!) Now this shit is turnin to a habit I'm the Burger King, I gotta have it my way and truthfully, girl you really make my day I would probably kill myself if you told me you was gay And I can't even look the other way Your aura is a magnet, my eyes a metal bag It's attracting, L-O-L laughing You're a gold Oscar and I'm just acting And I want your cinema hole and have our kids play supporting role Climbing up the pole Jack and the Beanstalk, bitch it's gold And I was in loath I would never get over you ever, Sarah [Tyler, the Creator] You're my lady, you taste so good {*sirens*} Oh baby, be my baby, O.F., forever I loved you, Sarah Half your body layin on my chest the rest is in my stomach, that's includin your breast And I'ma just take another guess Now you probably wishin that you would have said yes Am I crazy? Maybe But fucked up is how I been lately Shit, I don't give a fuck Your family lookin for you, wish 'em good luck Bitch, you tried to play me like a dummy Now you stuck up in my motherfuckin basement all bloody And I'm fuckin your dead body, your coochie all cummy Looking in your dead eyes, what the fuck you want from me? What did you want from me? What did you want from me? I gave you everything, but {*knocking*} guess I wasn't the one (this is the police!) (Open the door) I don't know (you God damn) (know you're surrounded) Well (fucker) (Open up or we'll barge in, right in) {*click-clack*} BLAOW!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Bastard Song: Jack and the Beanstalk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me [Tyler, the Creator] Odd Future, I'm your muh'fuckin sergeant Nigga I'm in charge, I fuck with Freshjive cause I get it, no charge And BBC for the low price, no bargin Nigga that's a bargain Cow print t-shirt like a muh'fuckin dog on the muh'fuckin farm with cockadoddle doodles I'm makin straight bitches pussy wet just like a noodle and my dick must be dog food to these bitches' poodles Felines on the free time, I'm tossin bitches' salads And I'm eatin up they croutons, Erica to Milan We was flyin to Milan, was supposed to go to Bangkok until she figured out that she don't really like to bang cock To Soho, Baby Milo so dope The cocaine flow, niggaz spit heat, propane Niggaz get the picture I see, why? (They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me) My nigga, no hook {*4X*} No hook... fuck a hook, fuck a hook [Tyler, the Creator] Yo, beside me, nobody likes me Mainly because I am not a fuckin HypeBeast I think Supreme suck, we gnarly all our Nikes I can wear some Wranglers, with a fuckin white tee Doo-rag to match, and I do sag, in fact My, hat is in tact with the FUBU pull over Nigga, you pull over, fuck a Rover Range And I'm drivin a unicorn, plus my bitch is strange And I'm the only fuckin rapper without a chain with a four finger ring like I can't spell my fuckin name And I go to Obama rallies screamin out "McCain" Them ignorant thrashin motherfuckers is my gang and the dirty Ladera, I can't forget where I came from Nigga you don't claim none, fun I am the teacher White and black bitch like she's a motherfuckin zebra Candies in my pocket, I see you niggaz on Easter [Bridge] (It's gold) The gold is in the back (It's gold) The bitch is in the front (It's gold) The beat's a fuckin bully (Go home) The lyric's just a punk, man (Gold) The pink is in the sky (That shit's gold) The gold is in my mind (It's gold) The mind is in my gold The beat is turning old, so go [Tyler, the Creator - voice pitched up] Synthesizer, I'm the motherfuckin master Nigga I'm a bastard, I fuck with chord keys cause the sound lasts loner, bass drummer song and then a hi-hat made of plastic, nigga's sound is elastic Nigga you can bite this unless you want to bite back I didn't take my fuckin Ritalin, this is a hype track HypeTrack that and send it, nigga it's a sack shit I had you motherfuckers eatin salad like a fat bitch [Outro] Ummm, uhhh, drop it! Ace the Creator O.F.M, bangin on your FM Ace the Creator Drop the drums, nigga Thank you to HypeBeast The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Jasper Dolphin, Taco Album: Bastard Song: Tina Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] {So, do you party?} Nah, I just do ignorant hoodrat shit with me and my niggaz in the fuckin mall! Odd Future Wolf Gang [Jasper Dolphin] Niggaz at the fuckin mall, niggaz where my fuckin drawers? Think I'm happy? Think I'm sad? Bitch you fuckin know my dad He wears his pants up in his ass, touch his ass, grab his dick Youse a fag, you like that shit, O.F. is the fuckin clique Going off the top of the brain Nigga don't know how to rap but I'm in the game Fuck that shit~! I don't give a fuck I'm back up in the fuckin club, niggaz know I'm at the mall Eating chips with my drawers How you doin? How you fall? Swag, swag, swag, swag {*2X*} Tina, perm yo' fuckin weave {*4X*} [Tyler, the Creator] Eat my ass, lick my balls, bitch I'm in the fuckin mall with my niggaz eatin ham (MMMMMmmmmmmmm) yo!! Bitch I got that fuckin swag, you don't know my fuckin dad I don't know my fuckin dad, what is this a fuckin purse? I ain't fucking Mexican, but we can have sex again wit'cha your sister with no rubber (Alexis' real name is Alex) What the fuck? That's yo' fuckin brother? I ain't with that jerkin shit Unless it's Steve Harvey's buff sister tryin to jerk my dick {*screaming SWAG repeatedly and saying "oh no" throughout*} [Taco] I'm with your girlfriend eatin chips MMM! Stop the beat, bitch {*loud crunching*} Uhh, uhh, ohh shit ohh, mmmmm, mmm Go ahed, start the beat! Alright, yeah Nigga, I was in the mall with my niggaz bustin triggers Yeah, swag! [Chorus] - 2X [Outro] Bitches (yeah) hoes (no) Weaves (so, fuck Craig) leather jackets (nigga don't know) Bitches (my bomb) weaves (weaves) Hoes (sister) leather jackets (LEATHER jackets) Bitches (bitches) weaves (swag) Hoes, swag (I'ma kill you and that fuckin baby) (Bitch!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Bastard Song: Inglorious Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {Well Tyler uhh, it's about that time} {I mean, you're a good kid, just misguided} {Now is um, is there anything that you want to} {say before, we end this?} [Tyler, the Creator] My father died the day I came out of my mother's hole and left a burden on my soul until, I was old enough to understand that the fuckin faggot didn't like me much He loved my moms enough to bust a nut and then he shake Junt Bring your pops to school today for 12 years I cheated Told the fuckin faculty that he was at a meeting and Bring that dude to life day, he wasn't at the meeting Made a U-turn on the way there like "The fuck am I thinking?" Birthdays, Christmas my only fuckin wishlist was CD's (and a father) and a new fitted instead I got some CD's I hated, some Ritalin, some white socks I was hyper cause I ain't get attention from my real pops Cops say I'm supposed to be, in jail but they don't know it's me Statistics say that niggaz with no father ain't gon' be shit (nigga) Well I guess I had one because nigga I'm it You smell that? That's the odor of success bitch [Interlude] I know I'm not the only bastard... in America So I'm going to need some help, on this next part Scream it with me niggaz Fuck you (I'm good) fuck you (I graduated) Without you (I'm good) fuck you (I'm good) Nigga 18 (I'm good) fuck you (I'm good) Got a car nigga (fuck you) eat a dick nigga, bitch [Tyler, the Creator] Father's Day was the worst when it came to gifts cause I ain't know for who or what the fuck to get Now my momma mentioned the day before what she would like Cause she's playingboth roles like her occupation was dyke, fuckin right~! I ain't look up to Obama and Nixon I look up to the Hugos and Dixons The niggaz in the vision rap about the shit they cookin in the kitchen Pushin ki's like them niggaz that were banging on the keys My father never seen me, the nigga probably Stevie He bought me a hoodie, a couple albums Like that's gonna make up for the years and the tears and the money that my momma spent on rent and clothes You fuckin dipped out, I swear to God if I see you I'ma get out the M-16 and let a fuckin clip out Cause in 16 years, you let your kid down the existence, none I don't give a fuck either like father, like son, I'm done [Hodgy Beats] He ain't give a fuck about me He ain't give a fuck about you He ain't give a fuck about we So what the fuck we gon' do? [Tyler, the Creator] The cold is nice, and I'm not talkin about the weather The skin is thick, no need for leather Your father called he said you're better, without him I'm not the only fuck without them How to tie a tie and how to get your suit hemmed up Take it to the shop, then what? Fuck it, momma's proud of her asthmatic thin fuck Luck on my brim Supreme keeps me warm when the cold blood swarms in my veins, fuck rain in the summer The bummer is the fact that I'm black And I hang with white Neos who's Nero stays frio Now this counselor is trying to tell me that I'm emo She don't give a fuck; D-low where's the trigger? I'll let this bullet play hero... [Outro] Shit Fuck, no fuck that Fuck that, I ain't deserve this Over it... BANG~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: ElephunkCircus Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*lion roars*} [Left Brain] Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls Thank you, for coming out tonight to the Mellow fuckin Hype circus Left Brain, Hodgy Beats Lions, tigers, bears and wolves Hold on to your seats people [Hodgy Beats] Mellow as the ocean, Hype like my nerves is It's MellowHype in my "ElephunkCircus" Music waiter; I serve you like a clerk did Nine to five and I don't even like to work shifts Hindu fires light the life of the party On your mark, get set, go, get them engines started Lions, tigers, monkeys locked away from the audience Clowns runnin through the crowd fightin in their argument They keep splashin the water, even splashin your daughter The whiplash caught her, ballons cash cough up When you watch the woman balance on a tightrope Your adrenaline pump, it give you a tight throat Cantaloupe, antelope, antidote, white goats Clowns paintin kids faces telling impolite jokes As time blows over, and the show's over I'm riding home with giraffes in my ruh-Rover [Left Brain] Oh shit O.F., Odd Future It's MellowHype Yeah, pass the peanuts {*lion roars*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: Smile More Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] MellowHype O.F., ummm Y'all should just hop on the bandwagon with us right? Hehe, yeah [MellowHype] Don't eat in my car and I mean that I'll open the door to the hood where you supposed to be at I know I'm tight nigga, I don't need your feedback I'm so active, I cause others to deact Ha - and when I hear "Run Forrest" I run for it, like my name Gump Forrest I'm back like I hunch for it, hunchback Keep equipment in my handy dandy lunch sack I gotta have my money blunt wrap I'm too HARD to look down, so I just jump back while I'm hangin in the cumulus accumulate the numerous Tired of being laughed at, well quit bein humorous! It's a dog eat dog world and you knew the bitch I hope you had rabies shots before you screwed the bitch Feel my shit like it's comin out my rectum Already two-steppin while you skipped over step one I wanna show you the right way {*3X*} So why don't you come and follow the MellowHype way? Come and follow the MellowHype way {*2X*} I wanna show you the right way {*2X*} [MellowHype] And if you on your grind, I'm on my grind too Nigga you wanna shine? Well I wanna shine too You about yo' time? Well I'm times two Rob you for your spot like you's a blind dude I'm all about my +Hussle+ like +Nipsey+ If you ain't about that hustle nigga then you just ain't busy That's why I got my camp behind me and your whole crew with me Never be on the junk too with my attitude pissy I be on my skunk tip, leavin verses shitty Man I gotta eat eggs, toast and the grits please I get served and homey you get swerved 26's on Suburbs when I pull up to the curb Fight music; never had to swing swords I just punch it all in like a keyboard There's plentiness when I always hope to be more And appreciating assets, see-more Three whores it's just me, bring three more And my CD's sell by the sea-shore Running with a crew of winners, you can keep score Score - ha ha ha [Outro] Come and follow the MellowHype way {*2X*} That way? You goin the wrong way I said that way (which way?) That way, dumb nigga~! Ha ha, O.F. Tyler like to say this so I'ma just say it O.F.M. bangin on your FM Yeah Oh! It's so just beautiful, you feel me? Left Brain I feel this beat nigga I know they feel this beat too Fuck it, I'm out Have a good time listenin to the rest of my sheeeit Ha ha ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: Team Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yup, ayyy! Uh, yeah Yeah Yeah, uhh Yo [Hodgy Beats] I said 2DopeBitches wanna diss on a blog wen they can't see through this Odd Future smog Odd Future Wolf, you a premature dog I burn your whole website like it's a fuckin log, uh I'm past dissin, and now I'm admittin you to come to a show and, check out our performance They feel us deep inside like a pains in the organs We make it rain music when it rains it is pourin Niggaz only holla at us when they want somethin Fuck 'em all, no drawers, homey you get nothin And you can label me the asshole, buttcrack I ain't whack so I'm everything but crack Tyler get it off my shoulder, dust that All cause you spittin fiction, and we're just facts Odd Future Wolf Gang bang bang We on our Odd shit, you can't do the same thang That's my (team) Odd Future that's my (team) O.F. that's my (team) The Wolf Gang that's my (team) Yo, Left Brain's on the (team) Tyler Creator's on the (team) Hodgy Beats on the (team) Earl Sweatshirt (team) Syd tha Kyd (team) Super 3 (team) Domo, Genesis, uh [Hodgy Beats] I have about, sixty minutes to ease you I'm so sick, my contact would disease you Kill 'em all I could lyrically decease you Hold on to your earlobes as we release two more tapes - a bunch of fun, more rape, corruption Man we monster truck in the streets, sweet destruction Odd Future Wolf's niggaz seein where you go Addicting babies in bellies, chasin at the Juno Why you hating on us cuatro, we numero uno On top of y'all, on top of all; we the shit, rock the stars Fuck the rules, boxer brawl, make sure we pack 'em tight We get haters confused, like hermaphrodites Half man, half a dyke, I'm half dead, half a-alife Cracked hands, flash the light, put 'em in the air Put 'em in the air, nigga put 'em in the air Rep O.F. like you just don't care [Outro] That's my (team) Wolf Gang that's my (team) Wolf Gang that's my (team) Wolf Gang that's my (team) O.F. that's my (team) now that's my (team) Yeah that's my (team) and we a (team) uhh Taco's on the (team) Davon's on the (team) Charisma's on the (team) Matt Martians' on the (team) We a, we a, we a, we a team Odd Future Wolf Gang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: BankRolls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Man one day I'm get there I'm be countin these bank rolls, nigga (Right man, we gon' be gettin all the dank 'dro, rollin up) Man, I'ma be fuck with a model bitch, no stank hoe (For sho' man, we gon' be countin all the bank rolls) All the bank rolls! Hodgy... Beats, Left Brain MellowHype uhh Odd Future... uhh [Hodgy Beats] First one up, yup, good mornin I'm already out the door by the time you were yawnin Head start for the green mow lawnin Prolongin in the game, sing-a-longin Bounce if you like, come on bob yo' head Obey every single word that Simon said Blood diamond flow, it's shinin red What's up with your hip-hop? Mine is dead Wolf Gang bred, cook 'caine bread If they ain't associated, I don't shake they hand Pretty-ass nigga with a girl from Japan She don't speak any English but she understand So in demand, I'm him the man The music plants the cash in hand I can't be concentrated on what the press might hear I buzzed in less than a light year; how did I arrive? [Chorus: Left Brain] What the fuck you thank, yo? I be smokin dank dro You be fuckin stank hoes, I be countin bank rolls I be countin bank rolls, I be countin bank rolls Fuck you nigga, I be countin bank rolls To the bank every week Y'all already know, I fuck with the freaks I be countin bank rolls, I be countin bank rolls Fuck you nigga, I be countin bank rolls [Hodgy Beats] You know it's Odd when I come through your area cause you scared of a monster, tell your uncle I'm scarin ya Workin on my form, MellowHype bury ya 626 on your local carrier Nothing's set in stone until the stones are set I - plot and break a sweat until my bones are wet You want me to give like there's nothing to get But there's nothing to get, just music to share We've got music to spare like it's musical chairs Beats are the truth and lyrics take dares And I'm comin after whoever want it And I swing for the fence nigga don't pitch Home Run Derby, I don't miss Then I go home, eat beans scrumptious MellowHype is better than the rest Better than the next, yeah, better than the best [Hodgy Beats] I be countin bank rolls, I be countin green Count so much money, need a paper machine I be countin money, I be countin paper I be countin bank rolls, I be countin bank rolls I be countin money, I be countin paper I be countin bank rolls, I be countin bank rolls I be countin money, I be countin paper I be countin bank rolls, I be countin bank rolls The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: Polyurthane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Let's boogie, ha! Hip-Hop whassup? So... [Hodgy Beats] Me and my crew decide to hit up a party When we got to the joint it had already started I had some food with me from Boston Market Save for after mary jane because I already sparked it Then we parked the car as I opened the door Some honies in the driveway, passed out on the floor It's a mixed race crowd, everybody's segregatin We can't dance cause all these people steady hatin I'ma groove cause I'm smooth, I be doing my thing but I hate being around when, niggaz wanna bang Then the fight break out, and it's one of them gangs Acting like they manufactured, identical, the same Niggaz can't fight and revert to the flame Blew his brains out from not usin his brain It's so insane how we put ourselves to shame If the government could, they'd have all us niggaz detained [Chorus: Left Brain] Life is but a dream and I'm high These haters on a lower level nigga I'm high These hoes be tryin to roll but baby I'm high These niggas tryin to smoke it but I'm already high [Bridge: MellowHype] Is you high? (Now roll it up) Cause I'm high (I light it up) And he high (I take a puff) And she shy (let's snort a sniff) And we high (I shoot it up) And we high (let's take a sip) And we high (cause we high) And we high {wait, what happened next?} [Hodgy Beats] He got a ninety-six Volvo it's the year of ninety-six Slangin out his trunk, he had about ninety kicks Bought a MPC which had about ninety kicks Flipped the drug money for studio, composed ninety hits He wanted it all, he's an almighty kid Got a girl, chasin girls, such a greedy grimey kid Stole from his family, rockin all the hand-me's Always got his hand out, can't somebody hand me my childhood back cause I'm runnin on the line And the line's runnin flat, but my rhyme's sounding fat So I'll survive off that, born and raised in the trap It's a wrap when I rap so it's a wrap Piggie in the blanket, house arrest flow like the brace around my anklet, fundraiser spirit Welcome to my fuckin banquet, it costs to be a boss So don't think I don't pay shit, if it's Odd it don't make sense I'm in the +Middle+ of the money like +Malcolm+ Because I work hard, workin hard is how come I don't be focused on the outcome cause I'm the bullets cocked and your child outgunned Go to high school going to college I'm high Getting my education expectations so high Head's in the clouds with Mellowhype rollin by Burger in my bag with a large extra fry [Outro] Cause I'm high (roll it up) And he high (we lit it up) And we high (oh, we smoked it up) And she shy (bitch, let's take a sniff) But she bi (we took a stiff) I'm a guy (wait, what the fuck?) She like girls (oh shit) So do I {there go the cops} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: Thuggin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Left Brain] Yeah It's that thug shit Yeah - all my thug bitches, all my thug niggaz It's MellowHype, Odd Future Wolf Gang Uhh, Left Brain, yo We be thuggin deep; runnin 'round the hood like doggies in the street, you feelin froggy then leap Pass by the feds and its foggy in the Jeep Fuck yo' opinion and your blog and your peeps Everybody wanna talk this and that 'til I leave your body in the alley with piss and rats Go ahead nigga, you can diss the track Face-to-face with my chrome, now diss my gat Naw I don't play with guns, you can diss my bat It'll be a home run, nigga off wit'cha cap Cause if I pop a shot, it'll be too loud Neighbors comin out the house fuckin formin a crowd Jose Canseco, all about my peso Stack it like Lego, hot like fuego Left Brain from the Gang full of Wolves that red Eyes bloodshot red nigga would you stare? [Chorus: repeat 16X] We be thuggin [Hodgy Beats] Before I try a coat, I put on my cloak I mouthwash all you bacteria, no soap When the situations get bad and niggaz start to choke I get a little jumpy and I just might croak Presidential campaign, gettin every vote Starin the game down through my, authentic locs Beach Cruise, Pasadena, 250 spokes I swear I am the truth - wanna hear me tell a joke? I run Dena with a lyrical quote Controllin niggaz ears like I got a remote Bring a bitch around me and that's all she wrote I'm acid like the citrus when she swallow the pulp It ain't fashion when I'm whippin, I'm True to my Religion Gettin wisdom in return with this music I be givin I'm so sickenin - like I got the swine flu I'm sick in my head bitch, I got the mind flu [Hodgy Beats] H.B., ha ha~! Ice cream parlor on a Sunday Ice cold from Monday to Monday She go both ways and my direction is one way You can't move me, watch me like a movie Do she really wanna do me? "Oochie Wally Wally" bang bang bang in jacuzzis And if these niggaz don't know who we be in that girl coochie, get a C-L-U-E Recognize the letters, MellowHype fly You can tell by the feathers, I'm a ball player in any kind of weather, strike one, and you out of my motherfuckin house like Hugh Hefner I laugh out loud, my pretty ass proud If you wanna find me, I'll be in my own cloud Writin lyrics to myself, I'm my own penpal and I make beats mothafucker - send now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Earl Sweatshirt Album: YelloWhite Song: CopKiller Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah nigga Old Future Wolf Gang in this motherfucker It's a full moon tonight motherfucker You know you fucked up right? {*2X*} Hodgy motherfuckin Beats, Left Brain Earl nigga, shit, who am I? Don't fuckin worry about it nigga [Hodgy Beats] I meditate before I elevate, cough medicate Set a date, date which I escalate, Heaven Gates No hesitation, Wolf revelation Gang education, Freddy Jason what it might seem We shake and bake the cake, poison frozen icing Fuck 'em all, ice cream, black magic, white dreams Blue collar, purple tag label You holler don't bother me, you sittin at the fag table My state is euphoric and my pride is true courage I reach for the stars, Fantastic Four it Wealthy in my future but I can't afford rich Presidential suite, soundproof, door glitched Terrorists landed, bet it gets handed on Christmas You get caca if you on Santa's shitlist Receive a gun, raised on O.F. hitlist Tongue lick of +Deathwish+ like a frozen big stick Nigga Follow everywhere I go Because, I'm from Odd Future Wolf Gang, um Follow everywhere I go Because, I'm from Odd Future Wolf Gang, um Follow everywhere I go Because, I'm from Odd Future Wolf Gang They, follow everywhere we go We are Odd Future Wolf Gang [Interlude] Yo, say O (O) F (F) W, G Say O-F-W-G (Odd Future motherfucker!) (Wolf Gang~!) Say O-F-W-G (bitch!!) O-F-W-G (Odd Future, bitch) Say O-F (W-G motherfucker) Say O-F (don't play around nigga) (This ain't the shit to play nigga) Say O-F (Wolf motherfuckin Gang) Odd Future Wolf Gang {*2X*} [Hodgy Beats] Mind Hype, like I'm White with attention deficit Blind mice, I'm life spaz, make the best of it Retard syndrome, purge and bend some My crew isn't sailin, I'ma fuckin rip some Bio, suction lipo from the fat bitches and dope beats Golden grills, Caddy DeVille, suffocatin, choke streets Subwoof, drug kush, trunk hella steezy I'm like the sauce between the bread and the fuckin cheesy Squeeze me, squeeze me, like a squeegee Niggas like to bordercross, half pipe fijis Believe me, I'm cool like the muh'fuckin breezy Heart cold, dick freezing, never shrivel up Bars loose, pit drivels up, music riddles us Like women nipple jugs, full grown werewolf No yorkie, eat beef, chicken, no porkie In front of the class, eyeglass nerd dorky [Chorus] + [Interlude] w/ different ad libs [Earl Sweatshirt] Got these faggots shoutin revolution I am Earl, that shit's ruthless In the booth, there's no spoofin Bitch I spit like I'm toothless Fool, O.F. crew, fool y'all fruits and 'em lyin like fuck truth, dropping shit like polution Dirty like a bum's unwiped ass now I'm transitioning from class clown to cash cow Indeed, I got steez to pass out Believe I'm dope, a fuckin breathin crackhouse She diseased on her knees with ass out Ace got on ski mask, she gon' need knee pads Supreme 5 panels and green hats Y'all don't come close like Winehouse and rehab Goin back, no, the crafty assholes plateau Got the game in the motherfuckin lasso Ride that hoe, cruisin in the music with the attitude of two kids, make 'em respect my two cents Could really give two shits, let alone a dollar My flows flows make bros go whoa, your mother says holler! Wack niggaz say nada, OF the best, no synonym Still my pockets slim like the Olsen Twins, it's on Off I piss 'em and dismissin 'em quick and my sentences Stay Oliver Twisting like Charles Dickens death Wishing competition but listen the plot thickens I'm a stand up nigga, well fuck it, I'm not sitting [Chorus] + [Interlude] w/ new ad libs Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: ALI Song: BlaccFriday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I rock a black tee, I step in black shoes My denim jeans black and my fitted is too I date a white girl soundin black on the phone I'll whip a 750 if it's black on chrome I need a black card, cause I'm a black shopper Clean out the stores like somebody robbed ya Black trash bags, throw them in the black bags The black bags with the gold writin on the black tag The Jager in my cup, is licorice black Soon as I turn the bottle more liquor spillin back I'm rich, I'm wealthy, I'm drunk and I'm black I'm dope, I'm coke, I'm weed, I'm crack I'll get, you hooked, like you, relapsed It's black Friday, and I'm glad to be black Uhh~! It's black Friday, and I'm glad to be black (It's black Friday!) What do we do on black Friday? Chill with my crew on black Friday (It's black Friday!) Get in the mood on black Friday You know why? Nigga, it's black Friday (It's black Friday!) What do we do on black Friday? Chill with my crew on black Friday (It's black Friday!) Get in the mood on black Friday cause it's Friday, it's black Friday [Tyler, the Creator] White bitches, white girls, white drugs Black girls don't do it but my type does Fuck her in my white van, beat her with a nice white nightstand until I give her gashes where it's nothing but the white meat E-T-I-H, W's, double D's On your knees, white gargle yellow fuckin bumblebees Use whiteys as my dinner course for intercourse So much fuckin white make Darth Vader have a dimmer force But of course, I'm the white boy that shows no remorse Pull up on a Stark with enough white to kill a horse Nigga Friday, fuck a black Friday, umm Wolf Gang make a white pregnant bitch wan' abort Bring the remaining red and white pieces to the fort Odd Future, there wolves bang where a couple bears hang with a white box logo with a couple stains from a black cream pie in a whitey, make it light gray [Mike G] Uh-huh; Gravis black box, gray Hundreds sox Everything new, so my whole team rock like Metallica Gun metal 2010 Challenger Shit stress free, I ain't even gon' hassle her I just play my part and make moves like chess Ask your bitch who the best, question mark like Guess? Make a mess outta tracks, got my hat back Shades dark as fuck so all I see is black Bet that, look I'm a +Hot Topic+ nigga My attire dark, lookin like a gothic nigga Spit shit take off like a rocket nigga Got the whole West coast in my pocket nigga Pitch the rock, Mike Vick, swag so sick Ask 'bout me bitch, dressed like an eclipse Tell the truth, this shit wouldn't be fun without me Bitch I'm drawing black lines ask the Hundreds about me nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: Premier Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Yo - first impression judge like I'm Judge Judy Pretty face, big lips, stacked to hip booty She make me wanna Doobie Doo like Scooby An area in her treasure chest, move inside the rubies I need the Yello, Hype, Mellow Shirley, Temple, girlie ain't ghetto Drive automatic and shifts on the stick Drive a nice ride and, rides a nice dick Crystal Louboutin, red bottom, black bow Had two sleeves, let her tattoo show There's no limit to her, she's irrational Peep my crunch cause I be cappin hoes I'm the captain, hoes overlap big foes My game is in her world, call it caption closed cause I would never leave her, after I came She fixin up her weave before she give me some brain [Chorus: repeat 2X] This is her premier - and she walkin down the runway Model coke bottle, I gotta have her one day This is her premier - and I'm watchin from the sidelines I gotta have it so I'm followin the guidelines [Hodgy Beats] She's a feminist though she's feminine I take the rainbow, she eat my M&M's We're better lovers than we are fuckin friends In magazine holding hands, we're a loving trend And girl I won't stop until the loving ends And I won't turn on you unless your loving bends You hang with guys but I ain't trippin on your friends cause I opened up your eyes and took off the covered lends Uhh, now you see what's real And when you touch you can see what you feel And when we meet I don't sting like an eel But I make your ass clap like a seal Tossin and turnin in the king size make me wanna take a bit out of this King Size When I say open up, girl I mean wide I got a sweet tooth - you want a cream pie? Ha ha ha~! [Hodgy Beats] You've got swagger, damn you've got swagger I try your fruit out, then I want to bag ya But first baby girl I've got a purchase Let me try you out to see if you're worth it [repeat verse slowed down] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: SmokeSumKushWitMe Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 2X] O.F.M. bangin on your FM [Hodgy Beats] Yeah; yeah uhh She she she said that she like my steelo She just hate the fact that I act like we yo She my "Sexy Love" like Ne-Yo And she get it wet, all net, free throw And wherever he go, she goes And wherever she go, he goes To France, we go, romance, sing slow Come and be with yo' Man-dingo Crispy like a Pringle, sing it like a jingle She give me French kisses like she bilingual Shorty, my French kisser Hold my hand so tight man I got a couple blisters But she cheated on me so I blew her to smithers I'm in denial talkin 'bout, I was never with her cause she was with another when I wasn't with her Want me back now but you can keep that nig-ger [Chorus: Hodgy] + (Left Brain) Smoke some kush with me Roll the L with me (roll it up, roll it up) Take it slow with me (let's take it slow girl) Blow some dro with me (let's blow some dro girl) Smoke some kush with me (smoke it up, smoke it up) Blow some dro with me lLet's roll it up, roll it up) Smoke some kush with me Take it slow with me [Hodgy Beats] I keep multiple women and I do it for a reason New chick everyday and they're fluent for a reason I live a fresh life where everything's new I can put it on my card and pay when everything's due "How's everything, Hodgy?" Everything's cool Well I'm glad to hear that everything is everything boo I don't know about you but I'm on my mind to get stacks You fade like jeans like pants you slack I wash the crease out you, let you dry on the rack Intruder Mr. Computer, there's a loser tryin to hack But you can't hack a jack, kick 'em like a hackysack I get to gigglin because you niggaz are a laughin act Now how fad is that? I mean how laugh is that? I mean I'm laughin like I'm in the fuckin Laugh Fac-tory Man I said this story Now I'm gon' be gettin the glory The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: Intoxicated Dreams Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Take me from insanity Take me from humanity uhh Take me from insanity Take, me, from.. [Hodgy Beats] I'm goin insane, everything has changed No longer the same, no longer to blame No longer the shame, forever the pain Forever become never been with you again Tired of my lies, fed 'em to you like fries Tellin you bullshit, shoulda left it for the flies You love me and despise, love me in your eyes Love me in your thighs when I'm between and inside Hate to see you cry, you drop like rain So I stretch out the truth leavin you with a sprain You like a white shirt I'm a bright red stain Blood from a broken heart shoot down in cold pain Too much of a player 'fore I stepped in the game My deal is to play my best and entertain You try to make your body erase me, erase me But your mind and heart constantly debates me So what happens when you can't let go? (Uh-huh... what happens when you can't get away?) So what happens when you can't let go? {*2X*} (Uh-huh... what happens when you can't get away?) So what happens when you can't let go? {*6X*} (What happens when you can't get away?) So what happens when you can't let go? [Hodgy Beats] I'm like a house made out of bricks, no stones, no sticks Signin for this shit, my toilets need to be fixed I carry no character like my mind's on hold I need a new roof and my blinds are closed Eyes closed, blindfold; when can I see again? Books burnt to the letter that I can't read again My stove from the '60s, how can I ever feed again No best friends false bringin in, breathig in A tile in the floor cracked that they stepped on Laid covers cuddled up and slept on A house ain't a home between a bond, they left one So they abandon me, split apart and kept goin As far as they could to get away Heal the memories of loved ones stay I'm not up for sale, I'm a priceless possession Left behind and forgotten, I hold no aggression The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: YelloWhite Song: Rasta Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah; welcome to the show I hope you like us - and if you don't, fuck you~! Ha ha ha ha [Hodgy Beats] Black rasta band, fitted caps, no dreads Look into the crowd, I see soldout heads Tyler hit the drums while I pump up the fans Left Brain with his shirt off, jumpin in the stands Everybody hyped up and wavin they hands Spotlight so bright man, we all gon' have tans Take this purchase like grams, Odd Future goes harder than sliced Thanksgiving honey roasted ham Gettin butter to the jam, so jam Start in the PM, and end in the AM I spit Stride flows, gettin hit by the ram I patrol control like the fuckin controller These niggaz cryin, put 'em in a stroller I strolls up in the fuckin Range Rover Red Rover, green Rover and I'm fin' to run you over [Interlude] Today's Friday, what do you do on Friday? You get high You could hang with some friends, get some people, get together You buy some tickets, you go see a great fuckin show Ace, Hodgy Beats, Left Brain, bitch! Welcome to the show! Welcome to the show, bitch! I hope you like us! You should love us actually We work hard Now, I'm gon' introduce you to the man on the drums Ace the fucking Creator, bitch! [Tyler, the Creator] Roll up a dutchie, I don't smoke weed I do coke but I guess that's why the white girls wanna fuck me Man this bitch musty, man that nigga lucky I bout to get his bitch and get that bitch to come and touch me Bob Marley blarin, it's hot as fuck, sweaty My skinny ass flexin so that fat bitches is sexin My nigga Brain Leftin, Ohio like Cleveland Niggaz in the evening, chillin like a villain in December Drunk as fuck so I can't remember a thing I'm 'bout to fall, timber Odd Future rasta, I'm a fuckin monster Loch Ness, throw me in the beach (comprende) Man I got this bitch and her yeast on my tongue Hopefully she cum - fuck~! Drunk off this rum And she from the home of the fuckin Middle East So her pussy bomb Peace! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: CocainKeys Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Mr. Anti-Love, anti-social Anti-visual, anti-vocal I'm bottled in a bottle like a ship built in it I dream nightmares through the window and my window is tinted Memories I can't diminish, preach to me like a minister Who is her? Single mom raisin a menace A dog wants to ball, green like tennis Tossin while I'm sleep cuase my minds out the hemis-phere Weird how we end up here Christmas without a father for my 19th year My sister's dad wouldn't bother to pick up he phone and call her He wasn't there for her, so I had to play the father That's why I'm close, close to edge With a fo'-five Desert Eagle held to my head Bread to the knife and my butter's a spread My songs locked away, threw the key to the shed My life is goin downhill, I'm better off dead Wolf to the fur and the fur must shed You know Bo Peep got us white old sheep She like a pimp with a cane and some gold teeth Stake out with my niggaz and wait 'til they go to sleep Hard to keep my eyes wide countin mo' sheep Egg head nigga and the key is to hatch Lookin far down the road, it seemed so far-fetched The world is unanimous, time manages Slip like bananas, split quick, can't handle it? It's a difficult world, when you're on your own But be on your shit, muh'fucker you grown [Hodgy Beats] I'm hungry ass known, I'm lonely all alone You can't reach me, because I don't own a phone I wish I had a clone and that clone had a pops there with him watchin sports, there with him when he shop Doin dirt in the streets and his pops find out He done dug himself a hole which you can't climb out But the hole this dad puts him in is out of love So he won't get addicted to the crazy life of drugs Teach him how to love, he ain't gotta be a thug It's okay to show affection and give your mom a hug Why you actin all hard and shit? Instead of bein who you really truly are and shit 'fore a nigga gon' reach into his car and shit On some foreign shit, pull your car in a ditch More niggaz fake, less niggaz are real Some do the talkin and the rest will kill The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: YelloWhite Song: RokRok Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Pour my lyrics in your cup, it's glass warmin Roll up six dutches, yo I got a half on me I'm like a dinosaur, spikes in my back bony When I get out the streets, I ain't goin back Homie real mo', know it's real in the battlefield Money first, beef last, I could make the cattle yield It's been so hard for me, I can't conclude how to feel Bring the snakes in the grass to the cage if they rattle, kill I'm competitive, beatin you competitors No time to settle in, my focus is irregular Approach the game steppin up, stand my ground set it up I'm an Odd character, someone you've never met before See me through your eyes, you see me through the skies Even Left Brain and Ace Creator splittin beef pie We high, almost like we fly cause we fly We run L.A., watch me speed by I rock-rock roll over, rock-rock roll over Rock-rock like a rolling stone Uhh, rock-rock roll over, rock-rock roll over Rock-rock like a rolling stone, yeah Rock roll rock roll rock rock (yeah) Rock roll rock roll rock rock (uh-huh) I rock-rock roll over, rock-rock roll over Rock-rock like a rolling stone [Hodgy Beats] Knock knock, the block's hot, the cops out Rolling, Rock-rock, my cock's out And can you take it, guess where I lunge out when you step into the ring and get their lines punched out I must be fed, can't eat with a closed mouth Can't make it home if you sleepin in the hoe's house Eating all the hoe food, slouchin on the hoe couch She 'bout the trickin, you know what them hoes about When she see you in the Benz, she gon' go and tell her friends Now her friends fuckin with you cause they want to get it in If she come up on yo' cash, they gon' split it in thirds They dig so deep in your pockets you can't put it in words I don't receive pleasure off of heffers goin after my cheddar Attitude is whatever for ever twenty more pleather I got a "fuck 'em all" tee, with a fuck 'em all gesture And I don't give - NEVER [Left Brain] Yeah~! Odd Future rocks, Hodgy Beats rocks Left Brain rocks, Jimi Hendrix rocks Michael Jackson rocks, Santana rocks DiMeola rocks, Quasimoto rocks Uhh - OutKast rocks... Snoop Dogg rocks Uhh, the whole West coast rocks Rock, yeah, rock, roll... Roll... roll... Yoll a blunt, yeah Left Brain niggaz motherfuckin bitch Odd Future, MellowHype Cut this shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Rolex Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Murder murder, someone you never heard of but you need to be scared of, pullin your bitches skirt up Swimmin with womens surf's up, blue Jordan Air 1's Smurfed up My breath stinks like I burped up, I'm dirty like a dirt truck Freeway music sorry but I must emerge up I always come first, never placed with the third cup Don't act like you deaf nigga, I know you heard us Thats why you shakin in your pants; bitch, you nervous I rise 'til I can't get no higher; moth to the flame and I am the fire Nick Cannon on my hip right next to Mariah, Messiah desire before I expire We tie you in your home with the phone lines wired; work 'til tired, midnight rider 3 a.m. pull up right beside ya (3 a.m. pull up right beside ya) I live with bats like I'm a fuckin Dodger Neighborhood life right by Mr. Rodger You niggaz get more even and I get more +Odder+ (You niggaz get more even and I gets more +Odder+) I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run on winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run on winter time like a {platinum Rolex} Like a {platinum Rolex} like a {platinum Rolex} I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run on winter time like a {platinum Rolex} I run off winter time like a {platinum Rolex} [Hodgy Beats] Eat my dust taste my auto fumes (yup) Original swagger, no AutoTune (uh-uh) Niggaz hit the radio, and they gettin respect I'm still dialin Power 106, callin collect (ha ha ha~!) Express through music I explore myself (yeah) Self-made money, I employ myself Contemplatin suicide - should I destroy myself? (Uh-oh) Or restore my health cause I support like belts Pull up your trousers, this world is Mario, find a realm and you up against Bowser I'm sorry to the girls fantasizin about me in your browser My girl 'bout it 'bout it, don't let her get riled up I count up every dollar that I get from the ground up Cowboy with the rope, and I gallop when I round up Eight to ten, I chase to win Finish where I left off, where do I begin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: The Dena Tape Song: Claustroflowbic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Sound so crazy [Hodgy Beats] 50 pull-ups on the pull-up bar When I hit award shows I wanna pull up a star Tank on E, got no time to pump So I'm runnin on fumes cause I live life once Duct tape in the trunk of, my corrupted mental Mood swingin lyrics like a woman on her menstraul Gold line, sleep in Union Station metro Skateboard plus sneaks, high top retro Special but can't blend in like a gecko Fans runnin up, askin me about my next show like, let me grab my friends and let's go Rap is my passion, fuck tryin to impress hoes I reach for the stars like NASA moonwalkin Why you runnin your mouths, what'cha goons talkin? Backstage with Left Brain in my own dream And the haters is goin to sleep, they gon' dream soon I can't breathe I'm - claustroflowbic Give me space I'm - claustroflowbic Fame is a closet and I'm claustroflowbic My rep, I lost it cause nigga I'm claustroflowbic Claustroflowbic? (Claustroflowbic) {*4X*} [Hodgy Beats] +Left+ Pinky and the +Brain+, noodles to the strain Doggie to the dang, great Told me the Tiger series or boxers, I ate flipped accordians Two-faced, two rows, two gates Whichever way I choose is a new fate New love is a new hate, she got a cute face Bad attitude with a Haddie Q taste Gettin at her, spittin at her, yeah how the boot taste? Gingivitis, toothache, mouthwash, toothpaste, breathin on 'em Spit hot flows like the heater's on 'em Pretty hood like I dickie wifebeated on 'em Teetin material like our cousin skeeted on 'em Don't lie, don't hi, won't lie, won't die cause my music is alive Don't lie, don't hi, won't lie, won't die cause my music is alive [Outro] Inhale, exhale {*5X*} Exhale, exhale The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Earl Sweatshirt f/) Taco & Tyler, the Creator Album: Earl Song: Thisniggaugly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Ha ha... This my little brother on my mother's side, our father died He was living with my grandmother on the North side of Sacramento But this fag ain't just visiting, he's settling in He can't wait to start meddling and doing the evil shit we do (Does he skate?) Yeah he skate too (Man, this nigga ugly) And he raps, ooh This the newest Wolf Gang member And he (what's his name?) Earl [Outro: Taco] + (Tyler) Nigga, this nigga's forehead is so fuckin' big This nigga, look at this fuckin' nigga lips, dog This nigga's lips look like a split sundae Yo this nigga's line is bended (that's fucked up) Yo this nigga, this nigga look like an African poet (Earl, say somethin) Yo this nigga's forehead looks like a fuckin big-ass moose (Nigga, don't be nervous nigga) (Say somethin; trust me guys, he-he he can rap) He a bitch (just say somethin) (Nigga, don't be a bitch nigga, nigga say somethin) Nigga, rap, you fuckin suck probably (Trust me guys, he can rap) (Just-just say somethin') The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Earl Song: Earl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Yo I'm a hot and bothered astronaut, crashin while jackin off to buffering vids of Asher Roth eating applesauce Sent to Earth to poke Catholics in the ass with saws and knock blunt ashes into their caskets and laugh it off Twisted sicker than mad cattle, in fact I'm off six different liquors with a Prince wig plastered on Stop screamin bitch, you shouldn't be that alarmed when Big Lips is in the attic arms with an addict's arm Earl puts the "ass" in "assassin" Puts the pieces of decomposing bodies in plastic Puts them in a pan and mixes it up with scat then gobbles it like, fat black bitches and catfish It so happens that I'm so haphazardous I'll puke a piece and put it on a hook and fuckin cast the shit I'm askin that you faggot rap actors take action and get a hall pass for this class-act shit How the fuck I fit a axe in a satchel? Slip capsules into glass you Dizzee Rascal Party staff baffled, askin where her ass go In my room, redefining the meaning of black holes Now 'gwan suck it up; but hurry I got nuts to bust and butts to fuck and ups to shut and sluts to fuckin uppercut It's O.F. buttercup - go ahead, fuck with us Without a doubt a sure-fire way to get your mother fucked Ask her for a couple bucks, shove a trumpet up her butt Play a song, invade a thong, my dick is havin guts for lunch as well as supper then I'll rummage through her ruptured cunt Found the mustard, fuckin nosey neighbors notice something's up "What you doin'?" Nothin much, would shout out some other stuff Got to fuckin bounce, guess the bouncer's had enough of us [Earl Sweatshirt] Get up off the pavement, wipe the dirt and vomit off DopeBoyz hatin but them faggots is a lotta talk Cotton soft pussy, them Odd niggaz is Molotov Cocktails, fuckin toss one in your apartment dog Wolf Gang we ain't barkin nah Try talkin on a blog with your fuckin arms cut off Put in a carpet and watch it get auctioned off The Ace tell Shake's daughter "We're sorry but papa's gone" Bitch [Tyler, the Creator] Odd Future Wolf Gang nigga Fuck them 2DopeBoyz nigga Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All don't give fuck a nigga~! Literal life nigga, this ain't 'Pac nigga what's good? Earl whattup nigga? Fuck Steve Harvey! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Earl Song: Couch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Uhh Was always smartmouthed and quick-witted but somethin was always missin like six digits Lucky 7 probably poppa, little nigga so they picked on him, hassled him Things changed when I hassled back, so David hit the pavement with this grapple rap, Snapple fact: you rather whack While I am poppin like a snappin crack So high you could see like Tallahass, the opposite of cataracts Matter fact, I am Farmer John milkin cattle tracks Action packed nipple squeezin, boy colder than sniffle season Simple genius - go hard and spit bits of semen So when the street is split, don't act surprised, agree with it The +Gang+ of +Wolves+ that creeps in crypts as deep as +Dawson's Creek+ and shit I pray they got gills either that or grab some floaties I know I got skills, why you think I'm posted boastin? Braggin; tell these faggots to stop naggin cause them Wolf Gang niggaz threw them off the bandwagon like [Tyler, the Creator] Uhh Was always fucked up as shit with it But I didn't cross the line until the bridge hit it - troll I got you niggaz nervous like virgins flirtin with Uncle Mervin Fuckin y'all with no lubricant, go grab the detergent I preach to demons at your church, now I'm the newest sermon Wearing nothin but they fuckin blast with the matchin turban I drive through white suburbans in the black Suburban swervin Hittin curbs and blastin Erick Sermon drunk off english bourbon I'm stealin purses rapin nurses I'm a crooked surgeon Treat the beat like sanitized nazi pussies, I'm a German I'm squirtin while I'm masturbatin and regurgitatin from eatin Miley Cyrus salad pussy platter they were servin My only purpose is to jerk it cause it has a curve So bitches hate to do me like it's convict community service This my +Zombie Circus+ you better get a fuckin ticket Odd Future Wolf Gang like they're filmin Twilight in this bitch [Earl Sweatshirt] I'm back on my sixty six sick shit Flowin like the blood out the competition's slit wrists She lick it up, Dracula, then spit it back, back at ya She mad as fuck, stuck in the back of a black Acura Fed her acid now the duct tape quacks back at her +Hello Heather+ yellow feathers now you ain't laughin, huh? [Tyler, the Creator] Bitch you're barely breathin, leavin on the back of the boat while I fill you up with semen from the Wolf Gang team and Flowin like the cream pie inside of your daughter Oughta eat the bitch with salt and wash it down with a gallon of water I grab the saw and sawed her arm off and auctioned it and dip her teeth in gold molds and flossed the shit Fuckin awesome, spittin box of trees Got you niggaz shakin like it's Parkinson's from the clitoris of Kelly Clarkson's dick Ironin you niggaz, now it's time to starch the shit Drown your bitch in a tub of cum and throw a shark in it Find a random abandoned garage and go to park in it Find Earl laying on the burgundy carpet Pull my knife out, sharpen it Stab him, put a arch on it Pour unleaded gas on him get the Zippo and spark the shit Hop back in the van and then depart the bitch Killed him on his own track The faggot shouldn't have started it... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt Album: Earl Song: Kill Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Aw, nigga thought he killed me? Alright That's cool We'll see [Earl Sweatshirt] Strict top of the crop shit Crushin muh'fuckers like moss in a mosh pit Dollar cents since shit, sense I ain't lost it It's in a fuckin jar with guitar picks and bar spit Bar spat, past tense, warriors of radness Fuck lame, get it through your brain like dad's dick Go ahead, stab a friend, tell him that I'm back bitch Earl leave bastards with milkiest asses Take a firm standing, nine on the tracklist Earl half the reason the review's fantastic Niggas gettin comfy on the couch, I ain't havin it Kickin gluteus maximus, killin niggaz on accident Just watch, I'ma kill 'em all {*3X*} Just watch, off 'em! [Earl Sweatshirt] Often, no off days, no debates bitch Box logo, switchblade and cocaine in my back pocket, take Jade on vacation The hotel switch from +Heartbreak+ to +Bates+ quick Rippin out braids with bare hands amazes The crowd go crazy, hands raised I'm laced with swag by the eighth in case you wanna taste it Faggots wear Prada, Satan wears RMK shit Hell's Angel, crack Christ cross the face with erasers and use +Based God+ as his replacement +Super Saiyan+ with ruthless slayings Eat puss, sweet puss got my tooth decayin [Earl Sweatshirt] Now pan the cameras back to me and Pamela's amateur threesome with Hannah Montana's manager And Miley feedin me sandwiches for my stamina And Santa's in the back laughin cause my back's crampin up Mrs. Claus trippin balls, think she had enough and by enough I mean we dope as fuck, she had a gram of us Flyer than your man because I'm lampin up At the airport smokin hash with all the fuckin baggage handlers Flowin like the motherfuckers aqueducts Odd Future Wolf Gang, fag damagers Bitch~! ... Eat a dick The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt Album: Earl Song: Wakeupfaggot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ahh, fuck, what time is it? Six, fuck, who needs to be up this early?  Earl What?  Earl, wake up What, I'm up.. No  Wake up, Earl No, I'ma sleep with my..  Wake up, son No, I'ma sleep with my eyes open, that's fucking logical  Faggot What?  Wake the fuck up! I'm up  You have school right now No, I have school at eight, it's six  So that's why your ass isn't getting any breakfast, wake the fuck up I can fix myself breakfast, I'm sixteen  Earl What?  Earl, wake the fuck up, you faggot! HOW 'BOUT YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP MOM~?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt Album: Earl Song: Luper Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Ma said "Wake up son, good morning" I rolled out of bed, greeted momma with a yawn then paused to scratch an itch and went, down to the kitchen Fixed a plate of eggs and bacon, glass of OJ Simpson Just as I was about to dig in A thought jumped in my head, school was to be attended shit I paid my thoughts no attention Cause I wasn't tryin to kick it with this bitch that just ended it with me but momma wasn't havin it, so I grabbed my bag and split out the door and saw the whore that I'd rather kick It seems kinda brash, but it's the hash, I mean the harsh truth She runs shit, she's the jock, I'm the horseshoe She's gorgeous, when niggaz see it jaws hit the floor so when she left, it didn't break my heart, it broke my torso Making my eyes ache, stalkin your MySpace Posted a new pic, I mean it when I say That I fucking hate you, but... Maybe if you looked in this direction I'd pick my heart up off the floor and put it in my chest then feel the fuckinglife, rushin through my body But you got a guy, it's not me, so my wrist is lookin sloppy C'mon, let's cut the bull like a matador You light me up like lamps a chance is all I'm really askin for Give me one, I promise I'll be back for more Most wanna tap and score, I want a fam of four Not like a family of four, just like... ahh fuck it You'll never listen to this shit anyways Fuck you~! Bitch [Earl Sweatshirt] She said "You rushing, you rabid son of a Labrador But I'm attracted to you like teenyboppers to Apple stores" The basement light is darkened and the switchblade is sharpened Her name on my arm and her face on a 2% carton See her face while you're fixingyour breakfast And know she's in my basement, objecting to sex with me murder spree, surges on with the next bitch Tombstones read R.I.P. cause it's pieces they rest in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt f/ Vince Staples Album: Earl Song: epaR Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus 2X: Earl Sweatshirt] All the bad bitches boo when you rap I can teach you how to pull 'em like a tutor, in fact I got one in the front and, two in the back And the bitches keep screamin "Odd Future is back" [Earl Sweatshirt] Wolf with a T-Rex cock Less talk while I invest stock in wet rock Smoke with all the big bitches bumpin "Bedrock" Sub in the trunk, thumpin up against the dead cops And pop it like I tossed a match in the engine And go harder than a fuckin crack intervention Clown of the class and the last to attend it Big Earl make you fags stand at attention Odd Future, I'm your muh'fuckin general Catch 'em where them slap, slash, stab bitch ass niggaz go Girl, you ain't even gotta ask cause you fin' to know Why this Playboy so sticky in this centerfold Sticky what my niggaz blow, icky Earl finish foes Hit 'em low, riddle them with +Chronicles of Riddick+ bows Chronic in the spliff to the dome, got my system slow so I'm walkin out, ask them niggaz what they sprintin fo' [Vince Staples] Black Ted Bundy; sick as John Gacy Chillin with a possible victim, she was eighteen A hitchhiker hippie whore, met her at the liquor store She frequented to help support the habit picked up in the 4th Grade A piece of ass, so I plan on screwin it Slipped of a couple Rufilin inside the bitch's juice and gin Next thing you know, we're on Earl's burgundy carpet and she's kickin and screamin, beggin for me to fuckin stop it Look - you know it's not rape if you like it bitch So sit down like a pretty hoe and don't fight the shit or else I'll have to tie a pretty bow around your bloody neck Hide the slices from the gashes given with a dull Gilette Mop the blood up put the body in the apartment Stash her where we hide the marijuana and the condoms "Hey - what's that?" Don't touch it or even fuckin look! You are Fantasia and the body bag's a fuckin book [Earl Sweatshirt] Yo Vince, let me tell you 'bout these hoes I met last night They thought I was cute 'til I asked what that ass like Damn right, red light, ran right through it "You don't even have your permit, what the fuck are you doin?" Well maybe if you'd shut the fuck up, we'd be cruisin and you wouldn't be sittin, boohooin 'bout your bruises But no, you wanna be Miss Fuck-with-the-Music I'm zonin on "Relapse," she's sliding on "Blueprint" Three seconds it takes for her to turn blue with my hands around her throat, her arms stopped movin Pulse stops too, in the back, look confused As I turn to tell them both not to do shit stupid Red white, blue lights in the rearview shit Swerved to the shoulder, tell 'em both no movin Sit down in the back, cause the windows tinted As I rolled down mine to forge a new friendship "Aren't you a little too young to be driving?" Look Officer, I'm just tryin to get home "Get out the fuckin car with your license and registration" I ain't getting outta shit and you startin to try my patience Didn't have backup, I could tell by the Hummingbike Reached to the glove, grabbed the motherfuckin huntin knife Stabbed him in his neck and hip, threw him in the trunk and dipped back to the fuckin crib for some tea and crumpets, shit All the bad bitches boo when you rap I can teach you how to pull 'em like a tutor, in fact A dead one in the front, dead cop in the back And two live bitches screamin "Odd Future is back" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Earl Song: Moonlight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Started thinkin about a normal life, it got me suicidal Standin in the kitchen with a noose and a rifle Hang or bang, hockin loogies in a bible Dancing with the devil; tonight's our first recital His hands on my hips, he take control of my movement A couple of minutes pass, and I don't know what I'm doin Just dance to the music so nobody will laugh at me But the fuckin voices in my head keep askin me Have you ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight? You ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight? Have you ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight? You ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight? [Hodgy Beats] I live all over, my roomie's a bum Fuck a bitch, never sober, virgin bitch nun Sound like she dyin when that virgin bitch cum My used penis beats on this virgin bitch drums She asking me to dance, I asked for my pants Ended up with an argument - sirens, ambulance Scratch her off my list, the situation biased She made me a +Milkshake+ and forced me to try it Nah I ain't Nas, get the fuck off my dick Besides from the smell of it I'm hatin the flavor Last night for the hell of it I raped her neighbor Bit her fillings all through my vampire teeth saber ("Ahh, Jesus, please!") She screams for her saviour A nun with a bum, fuck you bitch you better pay up I need to eat, place to sleep, new shoes, agin feet Alligator hair heat Gatorade made her sweet [Earl Sweatshirt] Bitter sweet seven fist fighting with a reverend Bless sessions niggaz fresh as Crest breath is Devil in my chest I inhale more cess then Place one missed call to heaven You ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Earl Song: Pigions Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Welcome back to class bitch, grab on to your glasses Odd Future leaving even niggaz in past tense Style is patent, the measures is drastic Either that or they 4:4, some call them fantastic She called me fantastic, I called her a fat bitch Still kill the pussy, put the cat in a casket The funeral service was fuckin worthless, so I said a couple words at it Didn't know her but I'm confirmin that she sure gurgled dick The +Odd+ nigga with a spoon in your Danimals As hungry as a cannibal, trapped in a van of cantaloupes Harder than granite, hoes know I'm cumin with the grand force of Van Damme's fist in a damn cannon so fans catch us on Animal Planet, trackin hoes and attackin faster than foes can change the channel, whoa~! My dick hates sweaters so she jack it slow The aftermath proves to be smoother than hair relaxer, no [Chorus 2X: Earl & Tyler] Wave high to the Ritalin regiment Double S shit, swastikas on the Letterman, bitch Hungry Wolves at the door, bitch, let us in Kill 'em all, O.F. what I represent [Earl Sweatshirt] Took the van, went snatch her Oh, you wanna snap and scratch? Snap your fuckin jabber Wocky, she's a dancer, walkie-talkie Ace for back up like "Fag, I got class and can't take this bitch to math, what" Tell the fuckingteacher that this burlap sack is filled with snacks for after class for the whole class to smack up Yeah; right, get over here faster cause Earl's a pro rapper but amateur kidnapper [Tyler, the Creator] Earl, God damm it, I'm still in my damn pajamas Waiting on mom to bring me the aspirin from a trampoline jump And if I pick her up, I'm humping and I'm fuckin with no lubricant I'm using spit, piss, vaseline or something How old is she? (Seventeen) This bitch is underage But I'll have her face off tied and Nicholas +Caged+ But anyway, give me cash fag, cause I'm low on gas Aww fuck it, about to jack off, go catch a fuckin cab No I'm not lyin when I say that brother's all I have but if you're not dyin don't fucking bother to call me back I'm sleep {*phone rings with no answer*} [Interlude: repeat 2X] Kill people, burn shit, fuck school Odd Future here to steer you to what the fuck's cool Fuck rules, skate life, rape write, repeat twice Odd Future young enough to get your priest mouth drool [Earl Sweatshirt] I don't give a fuck, like a senior citizen Shit and run, back to the lab need assistance from sister with the biggest bum..baclot girls I'm around calves big. cause they run a lot and scream oh Pay him some attention, he's smart and he's genius And he ain't touching me like Martin Sheen's penis Y'all niggaz ain't clean as my team is meanest Hitting amputees in the kneesus, Jesus Please, just peep the +Crystal Method+ where I take a fucking beat, strip it naked then I wreck it It's no question, Sweatshirt's O.F. And you can tell by the chiseled horns on my forehead bitch Hammer hat flyer than a bag of bats And Jade's a fucking acrobat, I'll flip her on a mattress Last straw, fuck that~! I'm who broke the camel's back Say you want that dope shit? Welcome to Satan's cabbage patch Bitch! [Tyler, the Creator] Told you he could rap Dumb motherfucker The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Earl Sweatshirt Album: Earl Song: Stapleton Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Yo... it's Earl, Mr. Early Bird, gets them girls with curvy curves Skate mental, trunk smack a faggot in his Shirley Temple Your rhymes rentals, give 'em back to they owners At the end of the bar I, spit with the permanents Learn I'm a curb stompin person Like third strike verdict droppin jaw droppin verses This bigger lips in person nigga spits some burn so earn the shit Furnish the flow until my pockets green, Kermit's dick The Miss Piggies with a string in they ass I control them like your eyes when I'm tinkin a glass So if you thinkin about dissin, stop thinkin it fast cause my Wolves ten deep and they knuckles is brass, hoe The Miss Piggies with a string in they ass I control them like your eyes when I'm tinkin a glass So if you thinking about dissin, stop thinkin it fast cause my Wolves ten deep and they knuckles is brass, bitch Tell your boyfriend that's a bat and this a migraine Don't ask why my jeans splattered with these white stains Wait, where you goin? What you doin tonight? Just want to know what you doin, come back Tell your boyfriend that's a bat and this a migraine Don't ask why my jeans splattered with these white stains Where you goin? What you doin tonight? Stop runnin, where you goin, what you doin? [Earl Sweatshirt] It's Earl, Mr. Lateshift, rapist in trainin Who edge about as straight as some clay closet gay dick Ray say hey Earl's a real charmin racist Your birthday day, have some KK-Kake bitch Habit have it grab it fast and attack it faggot I'm above average like I'm rappin in the attic, yeah I'm crouched in the basement shoutin "Couch" is the greatest hit Dirty as a anus is, fans stand in rain for this They even stand in sleet season until they fuckin feet bleeding Hail and fuckin snow, in hell with fuckin coats Probably wear more layers, there's only one Sweatshirt He make them bow down until they muh'fuckin necks hurt Fans probably stand in sleet season until they fucking feet bleedin Hail and fuckin snow, in hell with fuckin coats Probably wear more layers, there's only one Sweatshirt He make them bow down 'til they muh'fuckin necks hurt [Earl Sweatshirt] Mr. Deerskin Mocassins is on the fuckin stalk again Followin and stalkin all them Larchmont soccer chicks Choppin limbs, gnawin legs through they fuckin' stockings Him his Grandfather Sweatshirt, clockin' all them cardigans Product of popped rubbers and pops that did not love us So when I leave home keep my heart on the top cupboard So I will not stutter when I'm shoutin "Fuck you, son" Wolf Gang 'bout it, we ain't waitin 'til the moon come Woo son, the moonshine it got feelin loose as the puss of a whore who's used to abuse My, screw's pretty loose mind fucked like the hair-doos of doo-doo mamas, dude I will bear jew you You unripe fruit dudes is crews to chew through My niggas wash 'em down with a fat carton of Yoohoo Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All, fuck 'em all No lube, it's the crew to get used to Faggot Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) Album: ALI Song: OkMikeG Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike G] Uh - I don't want it to end yet, I didn't begin yet Said you just a fan, you just not really a friend yet Somethin that I've been said, practice makes perfect but I'll probably die tomorrow, tell me is it really worth it? I can read the latest books, learn everything I need to Seems they'll still look at me like a crook I'm like, yeah I'm pretty nice, yeah I'm pretty much an asshole And they don't understand so it sounds hypocritical but fuck you... uh~! And still the one the young niggaz look up to Imagine what I'd do if I was passionate as dudes who only look around, because they searchin for the truth And I'm still searchin for a Coupe, but only lurkin in this booth and still more hazardous than you, still a casket fits my suit Wonder when my last breath is, life sucks but fuck I'm really tired of imaginin how death is And Earth's lame, waitin for the moment that I'm blastin off I only go hard, I found out that you fags soft Your sight is too limited to see my vision And you never listen so don't tell me "ok" just to pass me off Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: ALI Song: Timeless Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah... Ay, look [Mike G] "I could spend my whole life just tryin to get cash Work hard then I pass like Steve Nash Breathe fast, I ain't tryin to hyperventilate Forgive me Lord, it feel like I commit a sin a day And then I wait for them days to turn good again Get the cake, then I'll tell them that's the winners pay To win today, would just seem like a lavish dream Know what they mean? Everything ain't what it seems Angels sing then I feel like that's my roll call I came with Left Brain, that's my road dog Switch lanes? Nah homey I'm a road hog Brain to the pave look my mind on the road, dog Said I'm just tryin to do this quick like make haste Don't take more than I can get to prevent waste My music's like confetti rain when you win a race and you probably lose yo' mind tryin to save face Scarface say I got that Montana flow They know I'm tryin to get that Montana dough To where we go, tell the truth I could never know I'm just tryin to push a Porsche, that's white like Montana snow And honestly, just for wings I would give it up So if it's true '12 couldn't come fast enough And when it comes I just hope I'm on my way above The say they heartless, but I feel them when they show me love [Tyler, the Creator] I'm sittin on this couch, wrists bloody The therapist nicknamed me Kid CuDi, I killed my fifth buddy The fourth one, I like to kick around Ride him all around, when he hits the ground The third one is mixed - white and black, minor flat Major, act like a pitch with a flanger The second one's a stranger, but I knew her all my life since I was born, the other half said fuck it like I was porn and The last one, he's in the mirror with a gun, wish I could see him clearer But I can't, cause my eyes are red Now he's dead [Mike G] Ayy hold your head homey! Yeah, look I'ma live long through these songs As long as they on, I'm on when I'm gone That's why I rhyme like a poet from a prior century And I don't wanna be a human, treat me like an entity I know they fiend for my 8's like I'm a fuckin Laker Tryin to find a +Secret Garden+ just like Tyler, the Creator Damn~! I'm just waitin for my life to begin And I can't breathe when I'm high cause the air's too thin I'll let out - a couple sighs tell 'em exhale They know they shouldn't touch me like the third rail Shit, I'm living in Hell, the devil should be scared of me Nigga ask about me, I am Mike... G Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) f/ Vince Staples Album: ALI Song: Moracular Word Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike G] First time I came up, I fuckin went mad Bought a bunch of shit that I thought I had to have An irresponsible asshole, listen to dad? Nope Didn't think it was bad so I did it, an arrogant derelict and didn't know cause I was onto better clothes Then it went to more dough, then it went to better hoes Then it went to bigger shows, waiting to achieve those still Just kept telling myself that I will But now, I've realized I had a problem back then Waitin for lights, cameras, zeroes action Rhymes written on paper with zero passion All I really need is numbers, couple zeroes after them Like - damn, fuck friends, that's it Give me a chain and a car, bitch I'm tryin' get rich And he's tearing tracks up, so they call me +Jack Rip+ And you think you know Jack, but +You Don't Know Jack+ shit Cause [Chorus: repeat 2X] I'd rather it be stick up than stand down I ain't tryin to go from hands up to hand outs Funny how I went from stand up to stand out cause everything I was made me what I am now [Vince Staples] Third grade was fucked up, but fourth grade I lucked up Found out that all the fat black girls were dumb sluts Fifth grade was even worse, found my teacher had a purse Stole her birth control and then she had her second and her first Sixth grade came around, I was a punk on playing grounds until I threw a brick at Rick that cracked his skull and laid him out So by the seventh grade I thought that I was hard as shit Ran up on the little bus; punched all the retarded kids Granny got mad because my teacher went and called the bitch She threw away my 64 and broke all of the cartridges Fucking cunt, now I can't do shit but watch The Partridges and shoot at unsuspecting dogs to fix my sloppy marksmanship And don't be expectin me to get all your dirty laundry did I'll finish that the second that you tell me who my father is Grandma, what you doing with that fuckin hockey stick? Why you runnin towards me with that devil grin? Stop it, bitch! Cause [Mike G] + (Vince Staples) It was me against the world, +Eyes Wide Shut+ Me, my nigga Vince, and five white sluts (With a Klondike bar that we all might munch) (at the blonde dyke bar with a slut named Chuck) And she don't give a fuck, that's my demeanor If I'm ever posted with a lame, there's a Glock between us (Or at his grandmother's house with my cock between her) (or mouth filled with homemade carpet cleaner) Or call me Roto Rooter, better call the Doc And the neighbors, they heard screamin, they 'bout to call the cops (And now I have to stop, pull out the Johnny Rocket) (Dashing down the block tryin to figure where the fuck my socks went) Dunk behind the dumpster thinkin they'll never find me 'til I realized, that's same place I put the body (Fuck that, snatch an old paraplegic's bus pass) (I'll trim my mustache and blame it on my neighbor's drunk ass) Then they took me into custody, thinkin I'm gon' snitch Like I ain't fucked that hoe (and I ain't touch that bitch) But I seen my nigga Slick, that nigga was on his way out He got enough guns to engineer a breakout Cause Artist: Mike G f/ Earl Sweatshirt, Taco Album: ALI Song: Stick Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Justin] Aiyyo, we gotta go over there, and we gotta swag it out this time Not like fuckin last time, nigga you almost slapped that blind bitch (Oh - my fault, my fault) Now, Earl.. make sure your lips don't stick to your ski mask Everybody knows you the only nigga with big lips and a big-ass forehead {You got big lips too!!} Now you over there; stop, st.. look! {*SNAPS FINGERS*} Aight? (What?) And remember, no names this time (yeah Justin) Dude, what the fuck man? Either way, it's a stick up [Mike G] Uhhh, yeah Hold up, it's a West coast stick up Sly Tendencies is in with me, I'm tryin get my rich up Talkin 'bout, raisin +Richie+ dog, I'm tryin get my +Rich+ up Good for you? Man I'll give you life like an elixir He sick, huh? [Eartl Sweatshirt] Oh yes, it's a, O.F. stick up Mike tell this bitch to put the donuts in the bag quicker, right Shit I strike, niggaz bite, bitches wife, hit up Christ It's a crisis, niggaz hands up like it's a heist Mike get 'em [Mike G] Hold up, who you said the winner was? I bet I'll finish quick and eat you faster than your dinner cause they ask why they fly and crash, I say you gotta land slow I'm Cancer yo, but healthy though, rap's new Rambo [Chorus: repeat 4X] It's a stick up, it's a stick up Put your hands in the air, it's a stick up [Earl Sweatshirt] Repeat, it's a stick up, out for greens, to get my Grinch up Listen bitch, get your kid and get down or get clipped up [Mike G] You hatin'? Just stop, we gon' blow, just watch Think not? Grind time, take yo' fuckin wristwatch [Earl Sweatshirt] All their fuckin' vCards, just to prove that we hard Get it? We hard, he bombards three broads Then dip out on another mish', them niggaz on that other shit Word to mother bitch, we hot as Southern summers is [Mike G] I'm smooth like Travolta, say they want a face off? I take off, I'm waitin for the pay-off, how that go? I rap slow but factual, don't get mad I'm rad fuckin awesome, a pimp like Chad swag High like kites, clich, where we stay There's no such thing as replays, you live once, I just dump like trash trucks, blast up, no blast off [Earl Sweatshirt] Bust the chops, then a nut, then adjust the cock Now get your ass off [Mike G] Uhh~! Stepped in the door wavin the fo'-fo' and shot it at three whores, they wouldn't get on the floor Now they petrified, I'm comin for, everything you got And know you got a lot, why you think I'm runnin up in your spot? I said I don't play, bet I shoot this white girl and get away like O.J., this the life I live I'm talkin everyday Said I'd bust again, Sly said that I shouldn't Said I should, then a nigga looked at me like I wouldn't so I let one off, shattered glass, went through his ass, he extra soft And now I'm on a rampage, my partner grabbed the 12 gauge And threw it to me, started blastin, let three off, let fo' off and then I aimed at a nigga that wouldn't take off his jewelry like you brave 'til you lose consciousness But you dumb for fuckin with niggaz with guns and shit They tried to calm me down, but I'm ready to leave a nigga red Taco stepped in the way and I shot him in his leg, fuck! [Outro] [Taco] Oww! Ouch! God damn it man, what the fuck is your problem nigga? Fuck you and your feet nigga!! Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) Album: ALI Song: ThatNiggaTajSpeaks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 'Fore we go in there I feel obligated, I gotta tell you Like, heh, if you can control it like Don't say anything dumb, or do anything dumb around Mike G Cause he, he'll probably smack the shit out of you (What'chu mean he gon' smack me?) Like he'll smack.. his hand is gon' meet your face real fast as fuck, like he's gon' slap you (Seriously? I doubt it) Yeah yeah (No I doubt it) Aight, no? Heh, okay~! (He's not gon' smack me) Okay.. (I don't think like, no) You don't know Mike G (Well whatever) That's why you sayin that cause you don't know Mike G (Whatever!) Aight Okay, ay {*enters the studio*} Ayy whattup y'all? This umm, Nicole This my girlfriend Nicole Nicole, Mike G - Mike G, Nicole Whassup? (Hi!) You know Justin right? She know me (Yeah I know that bitch) Bitch? No names Wrong skit HAND! {*pounds fist*} But umm, heh, I'm gonna go to the bathroom y'know? (I don't need to know that!) I'm just tellin niggaz so when I leave the room, they know where I'm goin (Okay but I'm telling you that's just) {AY AY AY, AY!!} (So... Justin) Man don't talk to me I thought I was a bitch, I thought I was a bitch! (How you been? How you been?) Don't talk to me I thought I was bitch (Okay, well whatever, anyway) (Sup Mike G, sup? Where you get your hair done at?) (Man those curls would look nice on my girlfriend Shontell) {*Odd Future guys laughing*} The fuck you say? {*LOUD SLAPPING SOUNDS*} (Oh! I know you did not just smack..) (Oh, oh my God Taj, Tajjy come here!) Fuck that was too fast (No; Taj he just smacked me - you, you) (He just smacked me, you gotta do somethin he just smacked me!) Hey hey hey hey - Mike G, Mike G did you smack her? {Yeah dawg I did} Why'd you smack her? {I mean she deserved that shit right} (Don't ask him why he smacked me, the point is he smacked me} (You gon' ask him?! Oh hell then you a bitch too) (You a bitch just like Justin, oh hell no...) Mike why you smack her? {Like I said dude, she deserved that shit} {And if I gonna smack somebody I'ma smack them like..} Girl what the fuck I told you, heh See I told you before we got her, she don't be listening I told you before we got her don't say anything dumb to Mike G (I thought you were just playing when you said he was gon' smack me) (I mean you were laughing, I thought you.. you know what?) (Oh hell no...) {*voice trails off*} You just gon' leave? F'real, you f'real you just gon' leave me? C'mon! Look c'mon I.. hey wait Mike {yeah} can you find me another girl to fuck tonight? {Yeah no doubt dog} Oh, okay! Yeah umm, bye!! Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) Album: ALI Song: Brown Bag ('04 FTA) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike G] Uhh... hey y'all; yeah I'm still a hazardous spitter, I figure I'd rap to get richer But after that I remembered most artists ain't paintin pictures So when I started I knew that they would thank me like November Don't need a number one spot, 'gainst you rankin contenders And people say a lot of things but they never say what's real The fuck you talkin 'bout? Emcees on my heels when they ain't got the same speed, don't do the same things Don't understand my words niggaz like they can't read Heard you're intimdated by people you cain't be And ain't no comin to my level if your nose might bleed So I got my shoes on - ain't no goin slow Shoot the other runners 'fore they even say go Fuck 'em~! Eh eh eh... Odd Future [Mike G] Aiyyo; I'm classic like '96 posted on the corner No chain on, shoot up them niggaz because I wanna Fuck it, you'll see, don't bring your kids 'round me Worse than that 25th fuckin letter times three You're a lame, I'm sayin I ain't even in your range Six banks one day, hit the block then change That's - pretty much my only scheme to get rich Cops come, answer the door like "I ain't did shit!" Fuck 'em all mindstate, kill 'em all attitude Body didn't fit in the case - I'm like "That'll do" There he go! Make your heart beat at a faster pace Go to shows lookin for rappers to lacerate You hear hollerin and you just heard doom Tell 'em don't fear me, fear the fuckin full moon Collect body parts and try to reattach at the seams like get 'em boys, get the wolves on your own team Fuck 'em~! Yeah... Odd Future Yeah.. yeah.. [Interlude] Niggaz don't know what to motherfuckin do when that bullet hit your motherfuckin head, bitch We be on the blocks, servin rocks, shootin Glocks with the motherfuckin neighborhood gang, hoe! [Mike G] Ay I'm Mike G, bet they know my name on your block It's funny, I come around to watch everything stop Nigga red lights, red dots, pointed at your head like figure these niggaz wet cause shit wasn't dead right O.F. Wolf Gang, number one assholes Maim fuckin bodies, don't worry about a death toll All I know is Taco filmin porno in a hotel Earl fuckin got away, Hodgy's fuckin duckin jail Veggies stashed the murder weapons under the bottom bunk and Tyler is ridin 'round with a bitch in his trunk Speakers loud and distorted, stickin forks in the outlet Didn't drop the body cause we left without the address Had to call him up - ask why he wasn't there yet Said he's strikin out so he didn't use the MapQuest Said he'd be surprised if he survived the night Tyler dumped the body in the first place he think is right like they be on some raise fuss, I be on some cake up Raise your cup to the fact that you ain't wakin up Take it how you want it, muh'fucker gettin stuck cause bottom line is they are them, we are us Fuck 'em~! ... Odd Future Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: ALI Song: BlaccFriday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I rock a black tee, I step in black shoes My denim jeans black and my fitted is too I date a white girl soundin black on the phone I'll whip a 750 if it's black on chrome I need a black card, cause I'm a black shopper Clean out the stores like somebody robbed ya Black trash bags, throw them in the black bags The black bags with the gold writin on the black tag The Jager in my cup, is licorice black Soon as I turn the bottle more liquor spillin back I'm rich, I'm wealthy, I'm drunk and I'm black I'm dope, I'm coke, I'm weed, I'm crack I'll get, you hooked, like you, relapsed It's black Friday, and I'm glad to be black Uhh~! It's black Friday, and I'm glad to be black (It's black Friday!) What do we do on black Friday? Chill with my crew on black Friday (It's black Friday!) Get in the mood on black Friday You know why? Nigga, it's black Friday (It's black Friday!) What do we do on black Friday? Chill with my crew on black Friday (It's black Friday!) Get in the mood on black Friday cause it's Friday, it's black Friday [Tyler, the Creator] White bitches, white girls, white drugs Black girls don't do it but my type does Fuck her in my white van, beat her with a nice white nightstand until I give her gashes where it's nothing but the white meat E-T-I-H, W's, double D's On your knees, white gargle yellow fuckin bumblebees Use whiteys as my dinner course for intercourse So much fuckin white make Darth Vader have a dimmer force But of course, I'm the white boy that shows no remorse Pull up on a Stark with enough white to kill a horse Nigga Friday, fuck a black Friday, umm Wolf Gang make a white pregnant bitch wan' abort Bring the remaining red and white pieces to the fort Odd Future, there wolves bang where a couple bears hang with a white box logo with a couple stains from a black cream pie in a whitey, make it light gray [Mike G] Uh-huh; Gravis black box, gray Hundreds sox Everything new, so my whole team rock like Metallica Gun metal 2010 Challenger Shit stress free, I ain't even gon' hassle her I just play my part and make moves like chess Ask your bitch who the best, question mark like Guess? Make a mess outta tracks, got my hat back Shades dark as fuck so all I see is black Bet that, look I'm a +Hot Topic+ nigga My attire dark, lookin like a gothic nigga Spit shit take off like a rocket nigga Got the whole West coast in my pocket nigga Pitch the rock, Mike Vick, swag so sick Ask 'bout me bitch, dressed like an eclipse Tell the truth, this shit wouldn't be fun without me Bitch I'm drawing black lines ask the Hundreds about me nigga Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) Album: ALI Song: King Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh! [Mike G] Nothin but +Rage+ in my entity, a page for a symphony Still a fuckin +Firestarter+ lighters ain't on this degree My +Shining+ will never stop, fuck runnin from every cop Wait 'til the sun goes down and have a showdown out in +Salem's Lot+ Still workin the +Night Shift+, I am the +Doorway+ Golf clubs for violence this a different kinda foreplay Sometimes they come back, sometimes they don't And sometimes I give a fuck but most times I won't And I think sometimes I'm made to sin, beat them 'til the broom is bent Take a trip and add it to the bodies out in Chamberlain The +Lawnmower Man+, couldn't see all the holes I dug Rifles on my back like I'm some fuckin kinda soldier bruh I'm the devil, nicknamed my fury +Christine+ See me through the mist, I'm a motherfuckin King Know the cycle of the werewolf, the reverend couldn't see him Through the mist still exist as a motherfuckin King I'm the devil, if ever there was such a thing See me through the mist, I'm a motherfuckin King I know the cycle of the werewolf, the reverend couldn't see him Through the mist still exist as a motherfuckin King [Mike G] I'm a motherfuckin King, I'm a motherfuckin monster Readin books on murder I'm the motherfuckin author Tell you where we fin' to go, welcome to my +Creep Show+ Stay out my +Secret Garden+, got a wolf named +Cujo+ that's guardin it, I'm experienced you need a starter kit Long walk, +Short Pier+, +Roadwork+ there's no clear No air, heard your daughter missin they can't find that bitch Nowhere, nowhere, still lack is no fear No heart in my chest cause I was born without No heart in her chest cause I took that shit out And they can't find girl two, they said that she was lost And they cain't find me cause I'm, duckin the law But still fuckin them all, and never lovin these broads And never cuffin unless I'm cuffin them in a morgue Say I'm twisted and demented but murder can fascinate White girl in a white dress and that's my prom date, +Carrie+ [Outro] I'm a motherfuckin King I'm a motherfuckin King (eat like a motherfucker) {*whispering "motherfucker" repeatedly*} Yeah motherfucker... bitch~! Artist: Mike G (Odd Future) Album: ALI Song: Crazh Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike G] Yo - I'll just take this time to say This goes to the girls that wouldn't give me the time of day Now they tryin to see the star when he at his highest but I'm different, midnight is when I shine my brightest So the difference is, if you tryin to see me then you better get yo' time right, we observe differently Ain't got the same eyesight, only thing she see is that my green gon' shine bright, she just wants the limelight Yeah the type that I get every time I rhyme, right? You gon' regret it lookin back like hindsight You change clothes so much you forgot who you are, right? You're gon' feel bad every time I'm here Aad hang your head in shame ever time I'm near, yeah~! You're gon wanna clench your fists I swear Because you ain't seein nothin like this, I swear we could have made it; no ifs, no maybes You was actin shady, they sayin that I'm crazy? Shit, they sayin that I'm crazy Yeah, they tell me that I'm crazy Heh, yeah they sayin that I'm crazy Yeah, they sayin that I'm crazy (Cause I'm tryin to get my money right) I guess I must be crazy (Cause I be on the grind at night) I guess I must be crazy (Cause I'm high and this my first flight) I guess I must be crazy (Couldn't tell you what my life like) I guess I must be crazy [Mike G] I was never a millionaire but, niggaz never cared what? So I never shared when, they was down on their luck Cause I ain't get no handouts, I ain't run my damn mouth This is where we move from, fittin in to standin out cause my team +Odd+ so, you don't want no problems And even if you do then I guess we gotta solve them No I never gave a fuck, no you can't depend on luck And know that when you feelin down there's nowhere to go but up Shucks, I'm losin my mind - can't you tell? And I'm done messin with y'all if I can tell that you ain't real Nothin to do but write them rhymes, came with thousands like it's wholesale They wasn't helpin I lost about a thousand in them hotels So hell, I'll stack about a mill' before I give I'm tired of dealin with life but I can get it how I live This the letter that was written to you, from me I do what I got to do to get to where I wanna be I must be crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: Voyager Song: Welcome Aboard Voyager Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 6X] {*"DA NA NA NA" cycles down in modulation 4X*} {*at 0:51 and 1:27 "DA NA NA NA" cycles down 4X again*} [female voice] Welcome aboard on Global Astroliner Our final destination today is planet Earth Safety instructions are in your seat pockets below the screen you are facing right now Please follow the flight attendants as they give safety instructions, shortly I am Flojren, your on-screen flight guide I'll be walking you through the in-flight entertainment system For English guidance, please turn your sound knob to your left {*the voice begins to explain options in different languages*} [female voice] Whether you're flying with us for business, or for pleasure our crew members are here to assist you during the flight to make your trip comfortable You will be enjoying your flight with us on Global Astroline We will enter the Earth's gravitational field in approximately, 53 thousand, six hundred 88 hours 7 minutes elapsed Earth time Until then, thank you - and, love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: Voyager Song: Can I Hold Your Hand?! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Walking, down, the street, again Life sucks, no friends, no girl, that's me Two AM, or three, time, is still Primo Metro phoned me up (add add) me again Then I met you Can I hold your hand? Just let me inside, inside of your brain Just for this night You, have captured my heart We'll never be apart Just stick out your hand, and let's... [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Again, again, once again Those eyes, win, again I'm hooked, and, she knows God, please, let, me know (just send me a sign) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: Voyager Song: But She's Not My Lover Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I know, it usually is And you've always made me smile Every second I spend with you It's so worth the while Because you, bring me JOY but you're not my lover No! No! No! Because you, bring me joy but you're not my lover No! No! No! Joy... [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I will lose all control when I see you call my phone What's crazy is we're not committed but I do want you as my own {*skatting from 2:01 like "ba-dat-da-dat-da-da-dahh"*} {*continues underneath Chorus until Chorus ends*} [Chorus] - starting with "JOY" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: Voyager Song: Strobe Light Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] We are, running away Into the stroooobe, liiiights We will, make it through Through the haaaard, tiiiiimes [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Let's fly away, we on an alien ship I'm in you, but you ain't mine on some alien shit I'm lyin - 'roid is our future who could tour Watch them niggaz out in Vacandy moshin on the floor Been jammin, like Andre with a fun chick eatin a parfait Got game like a nerd at the arcade Kicked up like favorite wet dreams parlay Blast off then we out this bitch and I won't drop like family shit And in case you think this is nappin off on that like Mexicans, no offense The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: Voyager Song: Submarine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] It all was a, crazy time You ready but you ain't mine For me you was out your mind You're lookin fine but I was so blind To you, I just want a ride To use so I just step inside It's mine, it's just you and me Come on, this is ecstasy - you'll see {*various voices overlap - some say "Atlantis"*} [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] You hesitate You wanna fly so we just levitate No air, you gave this some time You're not around, so you're just on my mind Just you, I go really deep I am so deep that I am out of reach From Earth, do you really care Just come with me where there is no air - no time to stare {*various voices overlap - some say "Atlantis"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: Voyager Song: Lisa, Where Have You Been? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: sounds like The Super 3 are at a laundromat] Huh? Say what? (I will in December) Hehe (December - my final, Christmas gift of life) {*LAUGHING*} Christmas gift of life!! {*loud noises, clothes going in a basket perhaps*} Just, of course (don't say nothin stupid) (I got her towels in my dryer) [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Lisa where have you been? Nowhere around Now you are back I found my smile again because of you I'm leaving the world, just you and I I give it to you to show me the light I'm leaving the world, just you and I I give it to you to show me the light [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I know that I've changed It's just that my mind has been arranged, been arranged I am the same, but I'm blinded by the pain Don't leave again, again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ha ha ha ha~! Welcome, every-fucking-body to the Odd Future, "Radical" {YOU FUCKIN BITCH!} Starving, Tyler the Creator, Hodgy Beats Left Brain, Earl Sweatshirt, Domo Genesis Mike G, and lastly, Japser the Fucking Dolphin {THAT'S RIGHT BITCH} Odd Future everybody We want to welcome all the dudearamas and all the bastards and everyone else for coming out tonight This is going to be a great experience and we want y'all motherfuckers to buy popcorn {JACKASS THIS EFFIN SUCKS} So please, enjoy this motherfuckin show {SHIT!} If you have children with a motherfuckin heart condition please take them motherfuckers home Cause it is a lot of cursing and don't give-a-fuckness goin on Now - for all my Odd Future crew out there that's uh backstage I just uh, I just wanna know who's gonna start this show The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Splatter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Oh shit, cuz it's startin, ay!! [Tyler, the Creator] Wolf Gang be on that wrist split splatter Snortin coke pattern misfit'll hit Mick Jagger Me and Jasper bangin "Bastard" beatin midgets up with ladders Nigga don't give a fuck, that's that +Wolf Gang+ swagger Don't give a shit so my dick fuck bladders in your ear, "Radical" shows that Wolf Gang's radder with a staggering pack of cocaine in the sac of my dick where the lips of your teen daughter sits (bitch) Fuck Tyler, I'ma change my name to +Uncle Phil+ Cause every girl I deal and fuck, it's always against her +Will+ Dope enough to snort crack and sit the fuck still In Nellyville's old folks home searchin +Tip Drills+ Get my fill on with this grandmother named Jill Takin shots of poon juice to the head for a cheap thrill Hopefully my dick don't shrivel up, when it's time to bust in this rusty cunt, that won a cup for collectin dust Boogying with Jesus and a bunch of Nazi hoes In the front row at a holy Justin Bieber show Slowly my Ritalin is kickin in and Jesus left hand begin to make me feel like a little kid again This isn't rape, this is FUCKIN without a condom on Throw her slightly to the right, so dyke I'm kinda wrong Wolves is out past dawn on your front lawn Me and Juan ensurin you that your slut daughter's gone At the pawn shop, tryin to sell this Baume watch She's a white vegetarian, I'll get this blonde cock Lip balm she's some nun bitch from St. John Told her that her pastor was a faggot and he likes John He's a janitor recreational rectum manager I am not, let's consider me a little pecan that'll get your chest nutted on with an acorn They swore that I was all fuckin nuts like a gay porn Cause I disregard the white dress and the perm weave and the headrest had to have about eight thorns I was born back, +Wolf+ pack, nigga fuck that Somebody tell Satan that I want my fuckin swag back [Chorus: ??] Wolf on to the Gang, and I'm out here Forty bitches, and they pouches Wolf Gang killin niggaz reppin houses Wolf Gang run shit, dirty thousands Wolf Gang {*4X*} [Tyler, the Creator] Box logo on my muh'fuckin chest Left hand staggering on her motherfuckin breast Deep down, I'm an emo fuckin faggot that's depressed So the fuckin school suggested me a therapist I confessed to bein atheist They said I was possessed by a demon cause I wanna see a bitch infested with my semen and oppressed by my give-a-fuck less of the baby not bein digested by a fuckin hungry punk, feedin kids to slutty nuns with his cum Got a fuckin blog that needs a post? I can get it done 2DopeBoyz I know you like this (Like what?) This hot cum that's from my dick Call me a clown but a week from now You're gonna to hear this, and begin to ride on my dick Like how the fuck did we miss this kid's shit? Oh yeah we're old as fuck, we didn't have our glasses But fuck y'all~! I don't need y'all help I got twenty thousand views on "French" itself And I did the video for "Really Doe" you silly rabbit faggot Trix are for kids so we go - abracadabra!!! ABRACADABRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Faggot Wolf Gang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Turnt Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] All the way turned up, all the way turned down Blowin clouds of a smoke like a Ferrari when it burns out White girl brunette, she don't gotta sweat her perm out But she eat my apple when the fuckin wah-worms out I live in fast lane, fast lane fury Never in court, fuck the judge and the jury My mind's in a race, cause my time's in a hurry Catch a fish nigga and, fry him like he curry Yo wait until I take off, wait until I take off Bring your bitch along, cause I catch her like it's baseball And she run the bases nigga and she run them bases Bitch she bringin home dome on a daily basis 85 year oold rocking RMK flannels with Supreme khakis and some Gucci sandals Bitch I'm on a beach and the beach name is fuck I catch an orgasm every time your shit suck Bitch I'm on the grind like I grind my teeth Put you niggaz in tortillas cause I grind my beef And I poke her face, just like I'm playin poker Chillin like a villain paintin faces like the Joker Tipping on fo-fo's while I'm tipped on Jerry Sailor Smoke so much weed I need a muh'fuckin inhaler I'm on another level, pull down on the leverage Bitch I quench the thirsty pass the muh'fuckin beverage The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Drop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] I know everyone has their fuckin version of this but No one did it justice so Here you go Uhhh Tell your bitch to stop complainin 'bout her achey tits Her body is a temple, I don't give a fuck, I'm atheist Make me stop, make me bitch, she mad because I taped the shit and sent the tape to Ace and Taco, helps 'em fuckin 'bate to it Master, master, pretty bitch basher Black and white bitch, mixed like she moo and chew grass or somethin Sorta like the shit, I guess I kinda like my bitch if she wasn't a dyke, motorcyclist with Tyson lisp +Wolf Gang+ on that drive without a license shit On that take Shake and Meka necks and fuckin slice them shits Oh how nice! Now you wanna say you like the shit Because you bruised up, your neck sliced, and I ain't icin shit Show me a rapper my age that say he nice as this and I'll show you a faggot that says he hate Barbara Streisand flicks Huh! Me and Berman swervin in the Jeep I'm a nice guy in person, but a pervert in the sheets And I'm magic with the words, murder Merlin over beats Make the competition kiss the fuckin curb and then they weep And then they drop, ha ha Drop, bitch Drop, drop, drop (Drop, bitch) [Earl Sweatshirt] Yo, the lambs get silenced and the fans get violent Droppin lines grimey like the hands of +Odd Toddlers+ +Fuckin' Awesome+ arsenal of wolves in the pack I travel in The battle ram, rammin 'em, rats get to tattlin Limbs swingin axes at you antonyms of savages and prayin that it damages, your hobby's what my passion is Fuck that faggot shit, my niggaz on that savage shit Fuckin the game and shovin daggers through the ass of it I said - fuck that faggot shit, my niggaz on that savage shit Fuckin the game and shovin daggers through the ass of it Movin on to a Jessica, plannin to make a mess of her After a couple drinks and a session of anal sex with her Like hey there intestines, my cock is erect, next to ya We the shit like what you make Them niggaz still ain't fresh as us Eat a dick bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Salute Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Yeah Odd Future, Genesis I don't think that I ever changed, ball hard or spark spliffs And when I'm in the booth, it's +Super+ like Clark Kent Competition fails to ever place an event So when I step up to the track you consider my shit a win Never gonna stop, Genesis is the begin All about the money, I'm changin my name to yen Swagger so tall, check +Yao+ up in the chin Stay reachin for the sky like a nigga can't swim But I'm on my two, and my pivot lookin great Tell Z to have 'em rolled when I touch down in the states Tell them we eatin well and we never scrapin plates Stealin bitches from they niggaz just becaise I like the chase Odd Future Wolves, full moon salivate Look I done made it, the same nigga that you hate Salutin the game, pilots all up in the place Fly niggaz do it all, y'all grounded like bad grades Never said thug, but my niggaz will pop And if it's Louis V or Gucci then my niggaz will cop Wait for the summer, "Rolling Papers" will drop And hatin and speculatin is the shit that will stop I'ma go hard, or I'ma do nothin Like a beeper in a toilet, bet my shit buzzin Hell yeah I'm the shit, just take a whiff cousin Now you all frowned up, thought I told you I be stuntin I get my highs and lows, like NASDAQ Spit up addiction and bag that, pass crack Livin the life, you lames remain whack If I ain't gettin laid, I'm gettin high and watchin Flapjack and that's that, yeah Yes; y'all niggaz pay attention while y'all can Domo Genesis Follow me on my Twitter, @DomoGenesis Yeah, not Genesis with a Y I told 'em it wouldn't be long before I dropped that shit Here it is, here I go Look out for "Rolling Papers" Late night, I'm comin for y'all niggaz, hehe Alright you can turn that shit off I'm just fuckin with this shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Everything That's Yours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike G: repeat 2X] Chucks on the feet, hundreds on the laces Ye' ain't sayin nothin 'less you talkin big faces Same on the T, L's on my jeans E'rything clean so I'm fly as angel wings And I got a bunch of dreams but they don't mean nothin Bitches tryin to kick it like they Vickie B's husband See we stuntin, trees he be puffin Got nothin on me, baby you don't need substance And I ain't in pursuit, unless she's Mike Jack' "Bad" Complex like math, smooth like jazz Never lose my swag got my back like a sponsor Iceberg cool still burn like contra Name another nigga that could take off without a launcher Fresh, and all my bombs Adams like Yolanda [Mike G] Probably the sickest nigga spittin that isn't really known And they think that I'm from Houston cause I like my music slow Got a high school diploma, I'm gettin every dollar Rough neck nigga I had to fix my collar Wake up in the mornin feelin big like Texas Death to any nigga tryin to take my breakfast No hesitation dog you shouldn't even bother Ask my father even he know I'm a King like Arthur Gave you a warnin, now you facin hazards Shit they fiend for I call it blue magic Pure shit nigga I call it blue magic Fuck +Maybach Music+, this is brand new Jag shit Fuck +Teddy Pain+ this is Teddy Pendergrass shit It's like I've never been healthy, sicker than your average Game on lock, chain on the same Screens in the whip and they gon' fall like rain Ice in that bitch so it's cold like hail Like hell find a nigga that don't feel me like braille Yeah I'm a know-it-all, can't tell me nothin Greedy genius I just want it all like my cousin I don't need it but I still take the cars and the girls Went from 'bout gettin the money to about gettin the world I'm a real nigga man, I ain't dealin with the haters Only time I'll stop writing is when they run outta paper Even then my flow sick, so I probably won't need it Say you makin moves, but I probably won't see it Nigga you could rap, but you like to front See me in the 'llac, tell your bitch bring a blunt My nigga I'm back, meet me in the front Call this everything that's yours, cause that's everything I want The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Blade Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] Sweatshirt, Domo Genesis, throwin chairs, killin shit I'm half-privileged, think white and have nigger lips A tad different; mad smart, act ignorant Shit I'll pass the class when my dad starts givin shits But as long as our relationship is turdless I'ma keep burnin rubber and fuckin these beats with burnt dick Who that? Oh, that new coon John Cusack A Mecca button-up, shoutin bring FUBU back Hands full of coke, mouth full of crack mu-zak Odd Future on the doo-rag, guess who's back? With no hint, we're eggin with no tint Plus there's a shotgun under the seat where your hoe sits Uhh, the night striker, I'm ridin her, up-tyin her There's nine Vicodins stuck inside of the windpipes of her A little bit of sherm sure provokes the fuckin fight in her She started bitin cause I'm givin cock like it's advice to her Take that, I'm on top like wave caps This is grade A rap, Domo bring that bass back Nigga, um Domo couldn't be here so um We're just, um {*falls over*} Aw cuz fell on the floor cuz I ain't caught him Police make niggaz act like healthy but when they hurt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Double Cheeseburger Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Uhhh, Wolf {*clearing throat*} Haley Domo, Genesis, yeah [Domo Genesis] Six fifty, three hundred my shirt free Shoot for the sky like a church league, y'all heard me Absurd G, chickens cluckin for bird seeds But I gotta apologize, no Greece like Xerxes Won't heat or burn me, I'm the coolest nigga here Usually defecation, now I'm pissin in your ear My tablet is the ratchet and the pistols in the rear I'll bang if it was bangless, now the track's no longer here Metaphor, chillin with better whores Smokin then later on, I bone 'em like Skeletor What would I sell this for? This is free distribution Style, they straight jack it like mental institutions Outfits is ruthless, now yo' bitch is choosin She floatin round winners, now your bitch you losin Yeah, cause I'm the super Sega Genesis Salute me, game: invented it And you can't get no membership - little bitch~! [Tyler, the Creator] Six hundred sixty-six, leave it for the tip of my dick head, melon off and let it rip Just like a cannon from the teen in Nick that's equivalent, to the poison in a cigarette Tyler the Creator invented some new shit And it's probably from the Illuminati, Nazi descent, so If I give a fuck, it's probably from my +Dick+ when I'm +Cheney'n+ your daughter, she's tied up inside a tent, yeah Odd Future Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang presents We're back like a black bitch's hairline, indent the Shit I represent is killin niggaz and shit That's why I traded R. Kelly my sister for a new hit I - get it crackin like the lips of a nigger actor or a Dahmer when he invited me in for cheese and crackers Just to watch the Grammys - man she's so attractive Now he's mad and tryin to run me over out with Gacy's tractor Hop over, run backwards with a knap sack of green Supreme hats like I was sponsored up by the fuckin Packers Shittin on niggaz, my tongue considered a laxative Maxi pad, leave the beat +Brown+ like Rihanna lips Back washing to my gang, you don't wanna take a sip Fuck Wolf Gang, fuck what~?! Here let's take a trip Take a look, to this bullet, now my finger slipped My only purpose in life to kill myself up on accident Fresh Jive, yeah I get it no charge Dick soft as fuck, but somehow I go hard Forearm with my gang name, that's an old carve Chima Ferguson's bangin, you Ace niggaz is low carb Wolf Gang [Jasper the Dolphin] Yo {*clears throat*} Niggaz rollin deep, burners pulled out Niggaz in the street scared, cause I got the burner in the hand [Tyler, the Creator] That shit was whack as fuck Don't ever rap again in your fuckin life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Round and Round Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Yo, Mike G, nigga (What's up dog?) Man, shit nigga I'm just chillin, yo No, I'm about to hook up with this bitch, she fine as hell nigga (She for real?) Hell yeah nigga she fat as hell nigga (ha-ha where you meet her at dog?) Shit nigga I was walkin my swag and I saw the bitch eatin, right? She was done with the food, so you know, you know, I just walked up to her And I just decided to ask her if she wanted something to eat nigga I pick her up old school street sweeper Ask her wanna eat, she suggest pizza Shorty got body she from little Puerto Rica Said her cousin Lisa was at the bar with Margaritas She got a skirt leg tone stallion Mi piace, but she didn't want Italian We ride around cruisin, bumpin old schools I take back to 90's to bust an old move I told her I can cook like an arm and a foot Attached to the leg, handcuffed to the bed Take it to the house curious conversation Unlock the door we commitin condensation Hellbound horn sexn baby I'm Satan I fuck shit up when up shit is vacant By the time we use the bed I don't wanna get on unless you pull me out and suck right after she spit on Told you I'ma feed you, told you I'ma feed you Mouth fulla HB is what call indeed food Told you I would feed you, I told you I would feed you And she looked at me like "Yeah I agree too" My high's comin down, I'm hungry I'm fin' to grab somethin to eat Nuttin too expensive but none too cheap I dial up shorty number see if she wanna eat I told her I'll feed you girl, I'll supply the food What if I just let you starve, wouldn't I be rude? I'll feed you girl, I'll supply the food What if I just let you starve, wouldn't I be rude? [Mike G] She pretty sweet, your new girl is my new treat Kitchen or dining room damn right I give her a feast She got an appetite that can't be soothed with regular food She only fuck with me cause I ain't a regular dude She ain't a regular bitch - ain't no need to be rude She on some other shit, fuckin another bitch Hell naw I ain't asked but she ain't gon' say no First was 5th Ave, tore down Ro-deo Told you I'd feed you, told you I'd feed you Mouth fulla ofMike G exactly what you need boo Told you I'd feed you, told you I'd feed you Looked me in the eyes with a face that agreed too [Jasper the Dolphin] Face to face as we shoot up in the room Reach in my pocket, pull out a fist of shroom Now you faded off the high life high tip Now you 'bout to suck on my fuckin dick, bitch~! As we look around the room off the shrooms Odd Future faces start to turn into goons Radical, we ate your body cold Fuck the microwave I eat it like this, yo [Outro] Ha ha, that bitch though I was gonna feed her Turnt out I feed the fuckin crew know what I'm sayin My Wolves gotta eat know what I'm sayin Fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Ugly Girls Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Are there any, ugly girls in the audience tonight? {*howling and yelling*} Umm This is for all the ugly girls in the audience tonight This is for all the ugly girls in the audience tonight This is for all the ugly girls in the audience, tonight This is for all the ugly girls in the audience tonight I hope you... yeah you... you ugly bitch Cause this is for all the ugly girls in the audience tonight And this is for the ugly girls, ugly~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Orange Juice Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Alright, umm Wolf Haley, Odd Future, Wolf Gang nigga You know what, you know fuck it I don't even know I'm gonna let my little brother Earl Sweatshirt get on you niggaz Hey Earl, hit 'em [Earl Sweatshirt] So I'm guessin there's questions that need addressin, huh? Like how we fresh in our adolescence and wreckin 'em Hand' em tracks, he destined to make a mess of 'em Snappin necks and records in matter of seconds check 'em son Lost an erection and found it in an aggressive nun Fuckin chin-checkin punks 'til he's outta breath and done No EFX, in these doper than sess sessions son Chillin for a while on a pile of the rest of 'em Let the crowd choose who can fuckin last longer It's the rap monger, rap monster, Earl Sweat, attack conquer Lose least, niggaz lost like the last blanca chica that we picked up at the last concert - please~! Get out ya seat, get out ya seat, verses written with scalpels he's the junior king standin out shouting on the balcony How come he's not in counseling? Fucka's loud while he's sound asleep Heard he was dope as Sour D, nigga, was Courage cowardly? Stay gold, alchemy, nigga we rap's alpha team Mr. Teen and Mr. T with a mouth full of powder And a nose full of chowder, he's choppin up all the doubters see Now watch him count the bodies like bitches be counting calories [Tyler, the Creator] Fuck with the Wolves, we startin to bark viciously Catch us in a pile of bodies where dead bitches be Box logo hoodies and goodies from buddies that understand that "Bastard" was buzzin like Woody so we get it for free Had to duct tape the mother goose; the mask was off I stumbled down a hill then I had Jill jack me off Harder than my dick when Taylor Swift is in my basement Cause I've been doin this since Pooh fucked Christopher Robinson +Wolf Gang+ knitted on my cotton like some smelly dirty rotten nigger picked it from a cotton gin Do not give a fuck I've got the swagger of a virgin's dick But if I did it would be bigger than Earl's upper lip Sip sizzurp, Su-preme on my shizzirt I munch a bunch of tacos with Waverly's favorite wizard The favorite nig-ger turned into Freddy Kruger And this that raw shit, dead bodies chopped up in the sewer From the palms of Jeffrey Dahmer, baby momma said the kicks beat like the +Brown+ lip balm that was made for Rihanna All you fucking bloggin faggots yappin up that extra shit I'll shove "Bastard" down your throat, regurgitate my excrement Them 2DopeBoyz is fairies, they're Peter like boysenberries Meka scary - turn his white ass to a Jim Carrey twin A fuckin sausage fest will them shaky niggaz get married then 2DopeBoyz don't want beef, they're just overweight vegetarians Fuckin faggots Wolf Gang... Kill 'Em All Don't give a fuck, litter life Earl Sweatshirt, Tyler the Creator I mean - Wolf Haley - fucking "Radical" [Jasper the Dolphin] Ha ha~! Niggaz murdered this shit knahmsayin Odd Future Wolf Gang knahmsayin? Fuck them +Dope+ faggots my niggaz We don't give a FUCK nigga We a wolf pack my nigga, keep you up barking and shit nigga Niggaz, little niggaz doin it big knahmsayin Y'all niggaz 40 and shit still in the game These young niggaz come outta nowhere taking out the heart of that shit, knahmsayin Give me a iced out motherfucking Odd Future donut chain like FUCK everybody else nigga WOLF GANG! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Cool Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Earl Sweatshirt] It's the pick of the litter Mobbin deep in the woods with six other niggers Yellin at the trees like "Hey, hi mister!" I'm Life Litter's official stripe getter Dig this, I'll get a shovel and strike sisters And kick them when the handle starts diggin in my blisters Sick, cynical, cyanide spitter So when I kick rhymes, my victims die quicker I'm broke, no cheese, my hoe's cracker Snort third verse of "Pigeons" I'll show you a dope rapper I'll shit on a nigga with no bladder Then throw it in his eyes to show him he don't matter The night creeper in a nice white Jeep Here with three white divas who snort and like penis I'm hotter than at least five heaters In the middle of the summer with a sleeved wifebeater Pure bred degenerate gentleman Little aryan nigga with hairy clit for dinner It's +Wolf Gang+ Triple Six, niggaz on that simple shit I'm on a fuckin spree burnin bodies in a rental bin Wolf Gang rad, no bum ass shit So since the fans laggin, now they're tryin to come back quick Ask from Dera to Fax, they say fuck that shit We half African swaggin of course we run that shit [Mike G] I been sick, since I was unmixed and mastered Blastin "Bastard" screamin fuck another rapper O.F. soldier, Buffalo Bill Don't think I will but I'm a gunner for the Bills like Tasker I'm the cream of the crop Officers in the trunk with six other cops No way that I'll stop, they'll arrest me after Fix the scene just to put me on screen like an actor Shit~! No need to tell me I know it's hot as whether where them bitches wear bikinis with polka-dots It's overly overkill, because my niggaz know a lot About tapin them, rapin them, throw them overboard from a yacht So now they probably hate me but that's why the fuck I'm here And you really should man up, there's no need to be sincere faggot Heard that you a queer, why would you fuck with Wolves that'll leave you on the ground like your rap career? Heh, so you don't want it don't start none We're fuckin "Radical" been fuckin awesome Talked a lotta shit so for words you're at a loss Raised enough money just to get someone to kill my boss Heh; now that's a fuckin suit for hire Hang her higher, light a fire, fuck my former supervisor I'm the truth, you a liar, +Blue+ as +Clues+, I inspire Odd Future muh'fucker, I'm your new supplier The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Oblivion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] White bitches, white girls, white drugs The black girls don't do it but my type does Fuckin in my white van, beat her with a nice white nightstand until I give her task force nothin but the white meat E.T., I.H., really use double D's On her knees, whitey gargle yellow fuckin bumblebees Future whitey that's my dinner course for intercourse So much fuckin white meat Darth Vader have a dinner course But of course, I'm the white boy that shows no remorse Pull up on her stark with enough white to kill a horse Black Friday, fuck a nigger Friday - um +Wolf Gang+ make a pregnant white bitch wanna 'bort Preem' that we mainly bring white pieces to the fort Odd Future there wolf bang where a couple bears hang All white Box logo with a couple fangs Jets from the black and white clip high make it light grey Oh wow, Obilivion stump I do not know how that dead body got inside of my trunk What the fuck? Gee Willikers and no, I'm not drunk I coulda sworn that Budweiser can read fruit punch Let you sip casually when you tryin to lose calories I'm not a murderer, this occurance that isn't happening Cause sporadically damagin my reputation See I'm a good guy but when I see dead casualties my penis gets erected and my nipples are such aroused And the blouses of these bitches always end up in my house And three hours in the showers with the corpse I've ejaculated enough semen to sink a boat what? Umm Riley's body is entirely covered and tied up for my desire now look at the fuckin irony I, killed my manager with an iron all because the bitch finally decided to fire me Back at Travvy's house even though that faggot admires me All because I heard that he was talkin to Danielle So now that I finally made that fag's head handheld He can finally help me masturbate and read fan mail (homo) First letter says "motherfucker you're dead" The king of comedy heard everything that you said And Just in Time your head is mine You crossed the fuckin line like you dirty Mexicans Second letter read "Hey son it's me Fuck you, I'm a subject without my permission" Third letter quote "Hey Ace I'm addicted to coke" Wanna ask how I been so? I make songs about shit for attention Put them out randomly hopin that I get some I got problems in my head that I want, no But I don't trust anybody, yeah no one I'm savin up 24 bullets with gun Cause I got demons that I can not let out, umm Hopefully the next album can help me out Cause I'm now, livin this life with foolproof doubts So - I just need someone to talk to, kinda rushed But nobody gives a fuck Fuck it, signed anonymous The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Alright Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: "Kill Bill Vol. 2" - O-Ren Ishii] Now if you any of you sons of bitches GOT ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY, NOW'S THE FUCKING TIME!! [Hodgy Beats] You know at, at times I wanna be real, real positive When I feel real - negative y'know And I just wanna be on the grind I am on the grind, what the fuck you doin? Is it difficult to ship a boat Is a ship a boat? Bringin in shipments Odd Future equipment, check my statistics Wipe off your lipstick, lips around this dick Money make all the hoes swallow And money move the crowd, and make the crowd follow Money translates from English to Tagalog Strutting life's runway you coked up model Niggaz like flossin until they floss ya Busy eatin got you feeding burrito with salsa The problem that I have with me, is me Where I go I'm being watched, swap for channel Disney Boomerang motive of a frisbee Once he's going he's ain't comin back is he? Nah, nah, nah, nah [Hodgy Beats] I get to the point absolutely pissed Cut you off like a hand absolutely missed Can't shake it, the pain can't fake it Life and love is like food, you eat it how you make it Sound like I'm sayingthe same shit; you don't understand Love in my right feet and you the other hand My cap snaps back like black rubber bands The fact that I'm black and I rap brother man Put me above the ladder, steppin on bladders Fuck family matters, I'm a bad black caffer Plus I'm a bastard, where's my male figure? I might as well look up to the white male pale nigga Grape to the wineside, eyes to my blindside No emotions, my feelings are dime wide I'm on some new shit, some true shit While others play Brittany Murphy in "Clueless" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Leather Head Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Wolf fuckin Haley I'm not fuckin crazy, fuckin crazy Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang Okay, it's my turn to rap (do that!) Fuckin modern day Ian Curtis I oughta been The motherfuckin +Bull+s was hotter than a Dennis +Rod-a-Man+ All the men and girls was tied up inside a cottage and Raquel, Riley, Brandon, Alexis fuckin Milan and them House's egg yolkin, muh'fuckin ain't jokin Throats chokin hulkin that muh'fuckers like I'm Hulk Hogan Halloween at Neverland Ranch? I'm Macaulay Culkin Fuckin Superbad swag when I murder Seth Rogen I'm sick, this asthma, takin six Robitussin I'm fuckin this game up; no Trojans for the semen On the boat you better vote and fuckin pray Even though the Pope is bogus Even though I'm hyped the dopest, 2Dope don't wanna post us Copy all we are off how we all are rockin And they kosher but don't trip my pockets got a loaf of that I'll show you how you're 'sposed to rap Yeah, for the blonde bitches They say they enjoy the vision I'm the man now the boys missin from the decision My television is eclectic How can he move on Waka Flocka back to Joy Division? Yeah, I said that I received info now the surgeon's missing Probably cause I dressed up as a nurse Went it to his office, gave him his cup of coffee Aw, now he is feelin nauseous? Buzzin me to walk in Takin all the doctor calls, ask her to prescribe a bunch of shit that he can munch and such He asked what was in the coffee, I just coughed a blush What'chu say? (Hey! Wait, you'rer not! WHAT THE FUCK!!) Hit him with the uppercut then cut him up with the roughest tools, and I found out the Wolves had aten some sections of ugly sluts Fuck! Now I got blood on my new fuckin sneakers and stuff Fuck it, storage room where this doctor's gettin his body stuffed By this fuckin awesome thrashin African that's marvelous With green Supreme hats, smoker's head, it was a pot of luck I love Taylor Swift, date rape sirloin In a wife beater with a Chris Brown iron on Bitch, I'm tighter than a stogie and a lighter The cuts thats on Taylor or the Braces when I bite her After that I will retain her from leavin gaps and gashes when I brush her with the rubber bands leavin gummy rashes Laughin gas, pass her out, fool beat this Cause I'll do to her what my father didn't really give And that's not hard to figure out but just in case it is I'll make it really hard to get it out, if you catch my drift (Wolf, Gang, fuck!!!!!!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: Radical Song: Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] This Supreme tee is kinda dingy Pass the fuckin puffer nigga stingy with the Usher "Let It Burn" Skate session with my niggaz On a cloud, where's my inhaler, I can't even breathe I don't smoke weed But I'm on a cloud high enough to give me a nose bleed Say farewell to the brain cells, neutrons can smell us My niggaz keep enough green to get a bush jealous Roll tighty, the joint righty, go buy a label and busters don't get the zipper in Chris lighty, alrighty Or maybe a Swisher, I begin to kiss her... Keepin all the arms and limbs in a large bin My niggaz keep mary +Jane+ like they're fuckin Tarzan In the fuckin toilet where my bars been They been the shit since Riley figured out she really likes fark men Domo hittin bowls, nuggets size of coals Rollin a whole 'nother blunt the size of a troll Davon on parole, so if the highway patrol sees us trollin to 7-11 to get a Arizona, and some donuts He'll be in a hole, but we not gonna let it happen Im not talkin music when I say we're the best at wrappin The kush, coke, Ritalin, and mushroom caps in my system Um [Hodgy Beats] I break No. 2 pencils cause I write so strong Tyler rollin up a stick so when it lights, so long Brass monkey, clarinet, ten drop in the gong Gas mask, vaporizer, tranquilize you with the bong I-magine gas and laxing, puff passin past tense Future kush, cool tour, poke your arms blue or dream, smoke white like vanilla bean ice cream Besides O.F., Mary Jane and me make a nice team Pause, aw, you gettin too fat bitch Much is gainin is weight is, fuckin automatically Can't fit into the plus size of that Saks 5th She get high, get down on hot dogs and pick up the cat bitch The powder is packed in the straw, Sammy claim he like chowder Nostrils are allowed, to scream white power Overdose in a quince then detox, she rocks Got 'em sweatin like the inhalier on she-cops And we the drug, and we the drug, and we the drug Bitch I'm high as fuck Just let it sing to you [Domo Genesis] I stay in the sky so there's no way you can get fly as me Niggaz wish that some point in their life they will get high as me Never though, got 'em goin through the roof with hella smoke with towels under the door hopin no one outside smell the 'dro Fuck it, I'm blazin up, bad bitch cravin dust So I passed it to her with last in juicy before wakin up Strong dank leave your main bitches with throat aches One of 'em half bakin, half dressed cause her clothes stink Rollin paper skills, it's the time I showcase So bust down, bitches want a star beat like old vapers Where Divon at? Cause he can Zaire too Big Cam blowin, you can even call Lionel Tyler dog, hit it once for the game Give it to Hodgy Beats then dish it off to the Brain My eyes heavy - someone give me a orange juice Louis V shades so my thoughts don't support you Thoughts decreases, Hungry bowls on my torso Paper plate or paper plane, can I please aboard you You, you Aiyyo Von, light that one [Chorus: repeat 2X] Kush Coke X Mushroom I'm high as fuck [Tyler, the Creator] I'm atheist, so I let the blunt bless her Higher than a fat nigger bitch blood pressure On the dresser is the kush compressor That's four scents of bags with fluorescent flower petals Take a hit of this shit, invitin some Bitches over to the crib, take a sniff, feelin numb Baby girl, this is love, mixed with coke And the eighty proof is in the pudding (so is a pint of cum) This is fun, don't you even try to run Get you high, get you drunk, oh wait, you're not even real This is fake, snow white is in my nasal I don't even think I'm able, the shimmy passed the table without trippin on cables, me and Travis cryin Earl is probably dyin, Cedric lickin walls And all of us trippin balls, heart beating in a trance I'm in a submissive stance, I'm not fuckin playing when I say call the ambulance... shit [Outro] Call the fuckin ambulance I can't feel me, call the.. I can't fuckin breathe I'm not fucking.. this isn't.. What the fuck is this he.. Yo call the ambulance, my heart is beatin too fast I'm bout to.. open a fuckin window {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis Album: Rolling Papers Song: First Roll Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone ringing, no answer*} Fuck this nigga at, man? Sheeit - tell this nigga to hurry the fuck up! Why don't he pick up the muh'fuckin phone? I'm tryin to smoke nigga! (Whattup beotch?) Nigga, SMOKE!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Rolling Papers Song: Buzzin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Niggaz wishin I'd fail They got a better chance with quarters in wishin wells Brains refused them but still wishing them well Elevated thoughts, but you can see from the smells Fast living and ash flickin Parties with bad women fashion and, big cash spendin I'm passin them, car with no gas in it Bitches fall in love overnight they passionate, pass the shit Nothing but big kush joints Love me cause I'm Rose Bushing, lyrics got a good point Rap it how I live it, live it how I'm rappin Promised last year I'd dent it, now it's cracking Makin shit happen, lil' nigga, big dreams Take the game double player like I got split screens Smoke big trees, and count big cheese Hands to the hairline, salute the whole team, yeah [Tyler, the Creator] Told y'all niggaz y'all wasn't ready, nigga Domo Genesis is killin all you niggaz Niggaz "Rolling Papers" in this motherfucker Smokin weed, fuckin bitches, and eatin cereal nigga Domo, hit these niggaz off real quick Yeah [Domo Genesis] Cause swag sales we are born rich Hit 'em in they head with shots, cum like porn flick Horse flick like boards went, liquors get portioned Louis Vuitton checkers printed, on some board shit Cords get plugged in in a rush, no endorphins Blazin 'til it's done, when it's done, bring some more in Steady gettin blown, bitches know mighty comb Light skin, long hair, bored then abort them Sicker than St. Jude's, chemo get spit at Got good ways with cuss words and syntax Big stack, shitted on, no elax Thirst-ass bitches want watered down, so relapse This where your bitches'll be at Hand on hairline, make sure them niggaz see that This where your bitches be at Hand on hairlines, make sure them niggaz see that [Tyler, the Creator] Niggaz ain't fuckin ready, nigga! Told y'all niggaz "Rolling Papers" coming in this motherfucker, nigga Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All Don't give a fuck, nigga Now roll that joint up Smoking good with this shit right here nigga, yeah We ain't fuckin playing with these niggaz man You think we fuckin playin, nigga? Fuck that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis Album: Rolling Papers Song: Domier Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Hiyaaaaaaaaaaah! Put that shit in the air, O.G. got me feelin rare Flashy nigga, I don't care Pre-roll to my Domier Louis shit for hoochie chicks who gon' flock in here Cause they hear, I'm the hottest shit that's gonna drop this year Stop and fear - Domien the Genesis Put flames to end this shit, chiefin like I'm an Indian I don't think I'ma quit this shit, like I invented it Salute me gang apprenticeship well you can't get no membership Simple with sentences soft spoken like bitches' lips Gave yours but here to take 'em back like you rented this So where my mental is, higher than the sky is The flyest, the flyer bitches wanna fuck a pilot Ignited, the weed, the medicator supplied it The more doobie I smoke, the more heavier my eyelids Exactly what fly is, comin from the tiiip, top Everybody wanna hate me like Chris, Rooock Catch another O of weed at the spit, stooop Wipe me down I'm blowin paper cause my shit's, hooot Did you catch that? I'm scribblin outside the lines Half the cut from G shocks, my bitch said I should buy some time It's such a movie, this little exciting life of mine Bong, May bitch, and a half-Asian concubine Genesis - what is life like for you? Raps, nice shoes, girls, times two Fly shit, recognition of my whole crew I'm that nigga right now, watch me redefine cool Cool, cool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Wolf Haley (Tyler) Album: Rolling Papers Song: Rolling Papers Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wolf Haley] Umm [Chorus: Wolf Haley] Cut it short, break it down, couple pounds, roll it up Add heat, kiss the end, let the colored vapors in Pass it round, counter-clock, let her show her titties, stop Cops rolling past, rolling papers in the pass-en-ger Then swag it out, ounces in the bags is out Bitches and they asses out, money countin cottonmouth Yeah, we rolling papers over here nigga Yeah, we rolling papers over here nigga [Domo Genesis] My swagger's straight through the roof bitch Maharishi kicks and Bape tees, I really do this Snappin necks since oh-five, ain't gotta prove shit Smokin joints with mixed breed bitches, right where the pool is I never press, just relax, don't start choosin Takin notes on how to win, you fuckin students Left my main chick, now the new bitches I'm scoopin Stacey Dash type, I'm cheatin and they clueless I'm from the gang or the pack or the litter Better guard your daughter or your mother or your sister Chances are, she is an avid O.F. listener And when we exit, she'll proceed to exit with us to the Homestead Suites to drink liquor Party all night, it's her dream to be with us She'll tae kwon do anything that we mentioned Just because she know that we them Wolf Gang niggaz [Domo Genesis] I kept it G, kept the good weed fired up It's been a good year, record labels wanna hire us But O.F. just chillin, let the fuckers admire us My shit's so swift, I could game Miley Cyrus up But if she ain't gon' smoke it ain't gon' happen Ice water cold, I'm the coldest nigga rappin Y'all was cool in high school, what the fuck happened? Still low like Laurel parking ticket is, I'm dashin Are they gon' pay us, and will they make it rain? Yup Ignorant as fuck ,but I swear I won't change up That's a bad call, bitches catch fastballs Smack 'em out the park, delete their number, that's my last call The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis Album: Rolling Papers Song: Dreams Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Now if I see it in my dreams is it for real somebody tell me what it means? Sometimes it ain't really what it seems Cause this could all really be a dream - is it a dream? Is it a dream? Am I livin what I'm seein in my sleep? Or is my imagination trippin off the weed? Is this all the shit I really see in my dream? Is this a dream? Do my dreams make it that good? Or will I always try to do better than last year? I'm not afraid of what the future brings Is this a dream? A vivid dream? It's in my dreams Already see it in my dreams The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis Album: Rolling Papers Song: Cap N Crunch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] I got sixteen 16's, and if I write one more song I'll be at "17 Again" like Zac Efron (DEY KNOW!) You punk motherfuckers get stepped on I'm best on any beat that I take a rest on See right through you like you had mesh on Hardbody like Rihanna dad, I get my flex on The best one, my name gets spoken 'bout cause I spit crack verses that bring smokers out So now your route filled with unleaded as I escort this beat to death like the paramedics (paramedics) Yeah I said, everything I touch is deaded Tyler directed the funeral, and this just got beheaded Forget it - the killer's in the booth and I'm drunk off the serum so, all I spit is truth And I don't really rap, I am painting on this muse so how you get killed, using verbally abuse It's dead, somebody call the coroner This is what it sounds like when Domo Genes' cornered ya You're gone - knife to the neck Just for respect bitch, this is O.F. Yes I'm crazy, I'm a bastard All I spit is dirty like pornographic rappers Now stop~! You're dead honey cause I eat you all up like I was Ted Bundy No funny; what the fuck you watchin I'm a +cereal+ killer, go get your Captain Crunch bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Rolling Papers Song: SteamRoller Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] My money burn; synonymous to treatment of the fuzzy herb I keep it G - in places you wishin you and your niggaz be Salute the Gang, bitches cheerom loud for the winnin team Bring it home, pull it out, break it down, roll it up Smell it while we rolling down the street, you niggaz know it's us We got that fire, man you niggaz know whassup King Zag papers, Juan the only nigga rollin blunts Other than that, you lame niggaz is whack Smoking on a J, while I'm smokin on a track Cliche shit, stay way way far from basic Kush cologne, I wear mines, no K-Swiss Damn, all I get is high and brains from a long-haired mistress prefer the skinnin light Prejudice, marijuana evidence Pipes, bong, vapes got me blown out my element, element Every single day I smoke (smoke) {*4X*} I get high, I get high, grams of the greenbacks I get high, I get high, grams of the green sacks I get high, I get high, grams of the greenbacks I get high, I get high, grams of the green sacks [Hodgy Beats] I grasp my intoxication, digital cinema, third dimension I can't move, verb suspension Puttin my lips to the purp, hemp burns is tempting Bitches in the studio, and we copped about a quarter On the phone with her dad, I'm gettin high with his daughter Euphoria, mouth cotton percent - a hundred Many places I go, or I have went, I'm blunted Weed you got it I want it, I want it if you got weed T-T-H-H-H-H-C Out of no eyes, I'm so high, hashish I can provide In yo' life, you gotta pick it up, cause I have no ride When you arrive, I'll be outside loitering I hate potheads who front like they don't blaze it Your body needs Mary Jane nigga, it craves it I welcome Mary Jane, she doesn't violate Inhale, exhale, feel the vi-buh-ra-tion [Outro] Smoke it up {*3X*} Bitch smoke it up Smoke up Just smoke it up Wanna smoke it up Just smoke it up Lady you can pass it to the right {*5X*} Right now I'm tryin to take a hike from the cloud, down, so pass it to the right So we can be higher than a Smoke it up Bitch smoke it up Come on nigga smoke it up Shit, you gon' smoke or what? Alright then bitch smoke it up Roll up to smoke up Shit, smoke it up I'm smokin up Lady you can pass it to the right {*6X*} Puff, puff and then pass it to the right So we can be higher than a Smoke it up (Smoke it up) {*2X*} Drop it, pass it to the right Higher than a Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis Album: Rolling Papers Song: Kickin It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] I'ma fall through right after this interview You should call your bitches up cause I'ma bring my niggaz through We can kick it, baby, if it's good with you I'm tryin to get high, I can bring in like a zip or two That's how it gets when we just kickin it That's how it gets when we just kickin it That's how it gets when we just kickin it Ain't tryin to fuck nothin up, nah, we just kickin it My nigga Jason got cases of light liquor from last night if you and your girls act right (heyyy~!) We can all get a little tipsy I mean we ain't gotta do nothin risky, we just kickin it That's how it gets when we just kickin it No need for trippin, we just kickin it That's how it gets when we be kickin it We just kickin it You're finger signalin, I'm listenin Leap through the kitchen to a room I fall victim in Before the gameplay, we do a little scrimmagin No love involved, she know niggaz just kickin it Yeah, she know that we just kickin it That's how it gets when we just kickin it She ain't trippin, we just kickin it That's how it, when uh, when we kickin it She not a groupie, not a hoe, she just a fan whose boundaries are crossed simply because I'm the man And for a single night, she pretends that I'm her man It end in disappointment when I'm outtie when it ends Cause that's how it gets when we just kickin it That's not my bitch, no we just kickin it No need to trip cause we just kickin it That's how it gets when we just kickin it (You can't handle none of this shit anyway!) We just kickin it That's how it gets when we just kickin it Salute me gang apprenticeship Where you can't get no membership Yeah, Genesis Rolling Papers, nigga, hahaha (He look like he ain't got no stroke) (That nigga.. is whack) (Yeah, I can't fuck with that) (Fuck you! Fuck him!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Ace Creator (Tyler), Syd the Kid Album: Rolling Papers Song: Super Market Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd the Kid] {*sigh*} Hi, welcome to Fuckey Foods Umm, this lane is open if... if you need... if you need to check out Uhh, you're buying a... donuts and a pack of Diet Pepsi? Sweet, okay, that makes sense [Tyler, the Creator] In this fuckin line at Ralph's buyin granola bars Left my member's card and now this shit gon' have an extra charge This old bitch in front of me buyin a color printer TV dinners, tampons, soy milk, paint thinner [Domo Genesis] So here I am, at the store for some chips that I'ma pay for with dimes, nickels and quarters and shit And I'm still high, so I'm tryin to dip But I'ma cut through the line to get outta this bitch [Tyler, the Creator] What the fuck?! Who this, fuck this gay nigga in fake Gucci Jordan numbers, whatever, wood chain with a Je-sus Hey you, what the fuck you think you doin? [Domo Genesis] Nigga fuck you! I'm just eatin Ruffles, gotta lotta stuff fool So, why don't you fuckin wipe that stupid look on your face? [Tyler, the Creator] Don't make me shoot up this place, with light sabers and guns And shoot caps at knee caps to make it harder to run And put your ankles in some boards and pissy water for fun [Domo Genesis] Nigga, I'm a samurai, cut your skinny ass in half Look up at the aftermath, blow some fuckin hash and laugh [Tyler, the Creator] I'm a fuckin ninja and a jedi and I'm from Compton Better pick a better option 'fore these Nikes get to stompin Chompin at your oxygen chords, you fat fake Kenan Thompson Like a virgin, cherry faggot, we could get it poppin [Domo Genesis] I bet you lock and drop it faggot bitch, you ain't from Compton Dumbo ears, you Mary Poppin with the piece that Kel was rockin I will fuckin beat yo ass, box logos through the glass I'll hit you hooky like you skippin class, Lee would get the math [Tyler, the Creator] Oh really? You're silly givin "Tip Drills" to Nelly Get them Ruffles, no Lays cause Kiara might kill me Aw, fuck this~! I'm grabbin two kitchen knives and stabbin this Ice Cube look-a-like to show you a Nigga With Attitude [Domo Genesis] Wait I heard about you from that other nigga Earl How you traveled to Milan and now it only likes girls I'll roundhouse you into a fuckin basket Push you into an old lady baggin plastic Hope you get the message, I'll stomp you into potholes and fill you up with shells but you're used to eatin Taco's [Tyler, the Creator] Oh a Taco joke! Domo smoke, I heard tour album sound like some shit a fake Wiz Khalifa poppa wrote I'm insulted shit, damn somebody grab the Charmin Nevermind these messages, Monica her nigga armin [Domo Genesis] Swift-made switch blades made a big incision in him Red dot his forehead, cause Riley's into Hinduism and hipsters who happen to be your listeners Doobies roll your booty ho Alexis know the truthy, bro [Tyler, the Creator] Oh, a Lexus? I drive that all around the western hemisphere like all of Kiara's ex's And bet this, I'm a motherfuckin monster Fuck talkin, I'll stab you with this fuckin rocket launcher [Domo Genesis] When I cock the beam back, I'm aimin for Supreme hats Go to hell, I mean that, burn you like green backs [Tyler, the Creator] You don't mean that, you faggot I'll get your back and I'll snap it and strangle you with that fuckin leather jacket Fall bitch, give me everything, I'm takin all this And fleein the scene on Rufus, my evil walrus, bitch Fuck you, I'm out [Domo Genesis] I'm high as fuck and I didn't call for all this I'ma get on my zombie shit, wait, here's my carcass [Syd the Kid] Sir, sir, sir - in the green hat sir You, you, you have to pay for that You have to... the Arizonas... You have to pay for those {*sighs*} Fuck! Clean up on aisle six The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Mike G Album: Rolling Papers Song: Drunk Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah... Domo Genesis "Rolling Papers" I'm high as fuck on this one, heh heh Yeah... {*coughing*} yo [Domo Genesis] Maybe it's all this smoke in me that's loc'n me, got me thinkin ocean deep Always want it close to me, I'm driftin in this potency If you niggaz cool, then ain't no one in here as cold as me Domo Genesis, Hodgy Beats and Mike fuckin G Appropriately fuckin beats, MP3s all in my sheets Bustin on the bitches, wipe me down and put it on repeat Hot shit like Mexicans sittin on toilet seats And I'ma keep it G cause that is all I had a choice to be (Wolf Gang) Fuck lovers, play fight with rubbers Wolf Gang I hunt her, then feed it to my brothers Eat big for supper, scrape plates of butter All to keep that green bouncin in like Flubber (nigga what?) Sweet shit, we spit, these is, Reese's Pieces Sweet hit, we shit, these bricks, we disrespect Fuck a beat I'ma be sick, Domo G shit, fuck with me I'm drunk, rollin through the interstate Peddle to the metal on these bitches while they niggaz hate I'm buzzin, this is how it goes in my life Fuckin all these niggaz' hoes while you masturbate I'm tipsy, wild as I want to be About thirty feet deep darin any nigga to fuck with me I'm fucked up, drinkin off this beer umm Nigga I'm drunk [Domo Genesis] I swear, last year they ain't know about Domo, bro Now they all lined up for the Domo show I don't need much, give me beats and an ounce of 'dro My main bitch, we just sit and watch the dollars grow like a hate plantation, and I just been waitin for my season and watch them crops start flakin If I'm awakened, more than likely I am bakin Watch the world fall into my hands, I am Hatian I just got a dollar and a dream I mean a wallet full of green and a pocket full of steam Man I've been on the scene with the hardest of the teams (whattup) Me and my goals, ain't no stoppin in between (nope) I gotta keep it clean, I'm fly by any means (what else) High in the air on a Rocket, Yao Ming Middle finger up, fuck what y'all think (fuck you niggaz) Middle finger up, fuck what y'all think (uhh) [Mike G] See we beyond def, so for respect O.F.'ll never need a pass Far from the average that the most will probably see me as I'm elevated, these niggaz don't want to step up I spit bullets see that's a real audio tech, huh? But I ain't aimin, don't let it hit you and have me lookin' for a place to put the bodies when I'm through He bluffin, I might shoot - fuck it I'm like you cause then again, a gun ain't the weapon I might choose I'm a regulator, a hater decapitator Just after sunset it's murder on a elavator So, be scared when you see them Wolves mobbin After all you prima donnas like Hoskins Trompin, no lust I, give no warnings Stil ill, will, kill, I'm stompin Hot boxes don't stop my nigga I gotta fight on Rasta Mike G, I'm a lion, right on [possibly Tyler] Yeahhhh This is, what you put your favorite shit on to Cruise around the city, wit'cho bitch Roll a J to it, and enjoy life "Rolling Papers," Wolf Gang [repeat 2X progressively going slower] I don't know 'bout what you heard about cash, but My niggaz get money, nigga get money I don't know 'bout what you heard about ass, but Domo Genesis got them honies, we got them honies They up in the Jeep smoking hydro I'm like crazy bitch, she like I know Yeah, homey we gon' ride slow Odd Future, I shoot ya, die slow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Rolling Papers Song: Clear Eyes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Damn, I never pictured this I'm so high this shit's ridiculous ... Where did I put my shit? Wait, wait, okay, here it is As I light this place up Just me alone so the joints get faced up Floatin through the stars, my whole night's all spaced up And my thoughts tryin to build my place up Phones buzzin so I reach and try and read it But my vision's kinda blurry so I really can't see it Somethin important, it might be it or maybe a bitch that I don't need, shit Close my eyes and the shit that I'm seein is the reason that I be in the moods that I be in ... Damn I'm really baked I can't tell if I'm asleep or I'm awake {*door knocking*} I'll just sit and wait (Domo! Nigga) Yeah, I'll just sit and wait {*more knocking*} [Tyler, the Creator] Nigga, open the fuckin door nigga! Sheeit, we got shit to do Come the fuck on, it's cold nigga [Domo Genesis] Let me try to sober up Throw some water on my face, only if it's cold enough Confidently wipe it on my shirt Lookin in the mirror like - that ain't work, damn [Tyler, the Creator] Domo! Open the fucking door, what the fuck are you doing? It's not funny no more, I'm cold as fuck nigga I ain't got no inhaler nigga Sheeit~! Open up [Domo Genesis] Okay I'm comin Walkin to the door and I seem to notice somethin The floor is just a cloud of smoke and I'm runnin Reachin at the end of the cloud and I'm jumpin Flowin through the air just about to hear somethin Feel a lil' shake and my body start buzzin like [Tyler, the Creator] + (Domo) Nigga, you good? (Yeah I'm cool dog) Talkin in your sleep and shit nigga You trippin (Shit, my bad) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Rolling Papers Song: Basic Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Now as time moves on and my clout gets bigger How many bitches wanna fuck this nigga? iPhone full of missed calls from this sick broad Only fucked once, she complainin how she miss dog (ha ha ha) Bitch chill~! Ain't nobody trickin over here Appeared to have feeling, watch me make them feelings disappear Yeah the magician's here, just kickin it I'm sick with this pimpin shit, playin hoes ridiculous I ain't got love for 'em, only 'bout the grind It's hunger in my heart, and desire on my mind These others slow behind, I'm speedin through the fast lane She pipe blowin no brights though and keep your last name I'll let you hit the weed, what else do you really need? You high or you're delirious, tellin me you can't breathe When you're without me, you don't know how you should be High, that's the addiction, this bitch is under my cheese That's the addiction, this bitch is under my cheese and bitches under my sleeve yup! Tryin to smoke my weed up Reefer, that's what I'm talkin 'bout, sativa Indica, you need to listen to me lil' girl You actin so basic (bitch) I'm tired of yo' Payless ass You need to cop some Asics you basic (bitch) You need a muh'fuckin facelift I like 'em plastic, dinosaur, jurassic [Hodgy Beats] Same ol', same ol', bitch youse a lame-o You're not the pot of gold to be at the end of a rainbow It's ludicrous abusiveness, I ain't got time I'm busy on my music shit, is Nike tryin to do this shit? Hodgy back to prove this shit and watch the bank approve this slick with big checks 'em in; recognize a pro, he bring the vets with him Expect the fiber hoes encountering long neck syndrome Average is basic, day five or day six Different day, same shit, my hat speak my language Articulate terminology, follow me or swallow me Shallowly, blow these basics off like kush Cali weed Basic meanin basic salary Facelift overexceedin calories Instead of Weight Watchin, she gettin donuts from Valerie's Colors flux like mood rings Now she ain't happy, the hoodrat comes out and her weave get nappy, Hodgy leavin this rat shit [Outro] Dinosaur, jurassic {*repeats chopped 4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Domo Genesis f/ Bob Marley Album: Rolling Papers Song: Last Roll Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Bob Marley] Herb... herb is a PLANT I mean, herbs are good for everyt'ing Why, why deez people want to do so much good for everyone, who call themselves governments and this and that? Why dem say you must not use the herb? You see? What dem say, dem just say "No you musn't use it, you musn't use it because  it make you rebel" ... against what? Against men who wan crave because dem crave for the t'ings actually Dem have, some material t'ings and dem wanna captivate your mind until you say "Well you have to work, and put in pension  and then keep it all" ... so herb make you look 'pon yourself and, instead of you wan' work for the man You want, you want, you want fi You want fi every one of the man to Not in the sense of "oh it is" but in the sense of why should you have to bow to these things? That means you're your own man and you're first and your own yourself! You do what you want to do Anything people want to say about it they ain't over here Well I've been a rasta from ever since, you know But, it's not all that I've been a rasta, it's All line thinkin to grow Cause what is is what is From beginning to the end, you can never change So let us rasta from creation So herb make you look 'pon yourself and, instead of you wan' work for the man You want, you want, you want fi You want fi every one of the man to Not in the sense of "oh it is" but in the sense of why should you have to bow to these things? That means you're your own man and you're first and your own yourself! You do what you want to do Anything people want to say about it they ain't over here Cause what is is what is [Domo Genesis] Yo, even though I can't see from the position which I'm standin We gon' make it to the top and we gon' fuckin crash land it See it in my dreams, I just finally understand it I am livin this shit out exactly how my visions planned it No time for that dormant shit, naw I'm high flyin We gon' get on this shit or we gon' die tryin But I got a lotta livin left, so I'm high grindin My shades on through the night cause I can see my light shinin What up though? Especially to the ones that really hate it Shout out to the bitches comin 'round once we make it I'm glad I could be around to see you up at your fakest Assures me on what side of this shit I need to keep my placement I'll never let you niggaz get my soul My heart is just another story that's never been told This ain't no Drake shit, and that crying's gettin old I realized my faith, my decisions are getting bold And love is time consumin, so these bitches get me cold I apologize for the wait, now let them papers roll Or maybe that's just me, submerged behind the smoke Promised momma I'll do it, so fuck it, here it go Make all these blogs and critics feel the young nigga flow The floor plan left on the ground is where I drew it I guess these the same grounds where I had to prove it The shit I stress so much about, told you I'd do it Yeah, Domo Genesis And this was "Rolling Papers" Hope y'all enjoyed me on my first one Many more to come Odd Future, Wolf Gang Salute me gang Yeah~! Peace, that was cheesy as fuck, I said peace Alright, bye motherfuckers The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow (Matt Martians & Hal Williams) Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Green Stars (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Climb, into the stars is all it took for me to realize... where, we belong After Voyager... my life came crashing down I was in a situation... where I didn't know where my life was or where my life was going I got an invitation to climb into the stars ... by an old friend of mine - I took that invitation He took me to, the 5th Echelon This is where I discovered, happiness, for the first time I started to see, everything clear, through jaded eyes But as I was elevated, I realized... that, my path, is music And that... I had to experience the world See the 5th Echelon, it's not just, your average place It's a place, where you're allowed to explore your mind - freely Explore those inner emotions, that you try so hard to hold in It makes you realize... that all you need in this world is yourself And if you have yourself... then nobody can stop you The 5th Echelon isn't a place for everybody Some don't understand it, some disagree But one thing we can all agree on is... it never harmed anybody by exploring Maybe one day mankind will understand The things while we're here, can't hurt us, and what we make will And when we destroy our world, we will be to blame Who knows? Maybe the world will change And I won't have to explore the 5th Echelon... every night in my room... So long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow (Matt Martians & Hal Williams) Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Pack Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Hype slam - just take your picture Your heart and mind - so hard to get'cha I chase you 'round - so I don't miss ya So when you go - I'm goin wit'cha [Chorus: repeat 4X] Take me on a trip to where you are {*2X*} I just wanna go and see the stars {*2X*} [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I know - they wanna see ya They can't stand me - that I'm wit'cha I'm burning, red - in your kitchen So go, ahead - I'll be wit'cha [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] Whoa~! I-I never thought, I would be thinking this way I kinda wanna stay here; I mean it doesn't even feel like I left home I kinda, don't even, wanna go home Maybe this is the right thing being right, here, with you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow (Matt Martians & Hal Williams) Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Love in the Purple Forest Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*lyrics don't start until 0:29 in*} [The Jet Age of Tomorrow - repeat all 2X] There's no one that can replace you girl {*3X*} Oh, no, there's no one that can replace you girl La la... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow f/ Hodgy Beats, Mike G Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Dust Off Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: repeat 2X] We make make mistakes as we want We fall but we get up and dust ourselves off Try again if it don't work out 1 - We ain't perfect, we ain't perfect 2 - You ain't perfect, we ain't perfect [Hodgy Beats] Uhh~! I'm on my come down Hi everyone! I'm high everyone Sick with tellin the truth because I lie to everyone Smile cheese with ease provide a piece of pie to everyone Though I hate you inside I wish you'd all die everyone Everyone is death to anyone without a cause Unless it's with a fuckin semi gun and some balls These nuts, over his hail like there's nuts, over his head Pause - I'm on my come down So let me come down and let my kids run around She lookin up at me dumbfound Keanu who, oh you dumb now? It got a little reckless, with a random bitch nekkid It's brunch, she cookin me breakfast and she rockin my necklace Real diamonds on a fake woman is a fail That's a love lockdown without the cuffs and the jail [Mike G] Uhh, yeah - I tell 'em don't stop, go forth They wasn't grindin like I was, that's their loss That's why you see me in the streets like there's 4 of me And I don't need support because I'd rather have loyalty Yeah, that's what these niggaz lack I heard once you hit the top there's no goin back But I ain't worried cause I like how that sound because once I hit the top, I ain't fuckin lookin down I gets in jars full of green, spinnin gold bottles Kids already treat me like a fuckin role model I stayed in my lane, set my own speed Now O.F. is all I really need Cause I just wanna get high, make money money money Cut the niggaz off that try to take somethin from me Yeah I'm on my high horse like I'm playin rugby And nigga I put in work, you can say that you are lucky The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow (Matt Martians & Hal Williams) Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Fallen Angels Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] And on the last day of his loife He realized that Everything that he had ever worked for up to that point To 'im anything That... the way he made people feel would be the the only thing that, people would remember Off to the 5th Echelon {*metallic laughter sounds start at 0:52 and go to 1:18*} {*metallic laughter sounds start at 1:43 and go to 2:09*} [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I cooka ze cheese It is a good cheese I lovea ze cheese Ahhh the cheese Ze mix in the pot Then drop in the noodles The dash of the saaaaalt of, the cheese Its smell is so good You want a taste You can a not taste cause it is my cheese It is not your cheese 'Tis my cheese It 'tis not your cheese ahhh look at me I'm enjoying the cheese The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow f/ JQ, Vince Staples Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: LunchBox Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Vince Staples] Good morning! Say hello to the asshole I guess I musta smoked all the crack in my dad's soul ePalm boy ramshackin them fat hoes I can't be taught shit, showin the class closed, so closed case So bass, but so calm, I'm old Ma$e Reason bitches get to heavy breathin in a closed space Fiendin for these lifelong dreams steam from old hate and throwin Sprewells on a fuckin Acura TL (uh~!) Bitch we monster mobbin, ignorant as Compton College graduates You faggot bitches pay attention Since my seven grade suspensions, I've been on some "Fuck religion!" I believe in me, stackin money up, and fuckin bitches who'll breeze Truthfully, you bringin out the +Kill Bill 2+ in me Dennis Hooper shoot a nigga, welcome to my +Hoosier+ speech Kill 'em when I'm spittin, you should bring a quart or two of bleach Don't want to leave a messy scene cause presentation's everything Play hard as gay baseballers Haitian, large enough to shake Harlem Red carpet stained from blood of my enemies I treat it like the Kennedys, hope that you remember me SWAG! [Chorus 2X: JQ] Treat you niggaz like my dinner welcome to my - LUNCHBOX Roast you on a flaming ember then you're in my - LUNCHBOX Appetite growin bigger, so you're in my LUNCHBOX (lunchbox) LUNCHBOX - welcome to my - LUNCHBOX [JQ] As my hunger grows in capacity Citizens scatter rapidly, in front of then after me But you can not be mad at me cause it would be a tragedy to hear the blasphemy of saying "This is not a masterpiece" So please just, ease up 'fore you are surrounded by so many pyramids you think it's Egypt So go ahead, step in our path While we do a fuckin hundred with our foot on the gas, bitch You lowly residents are merely just a pestilence So tell me what a peasant is compared to my excellence Yeah - that's absolutely nada You niggaz couldn't kick it if I started playin soccer How you gon' stop a, nigga spittin lava over beat fatter than sumos eatin pasta with lobster? Be careful if your mouth begins to pop Murder won't be considered, I'll just drop you in the box The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow (Matt Martians & Hal Williams) Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Wonderland Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*lyrics don't start until 2:11 in*} [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I'm in a wonderland whenever she starts to speak... This girl (ahh) I'm in a wonderland whenever she starts to speak This girl (ahh) I wonder if she'll ever see something in me Racing through my fantasy, racing through my fantasy All I see is her and me, she's racing through my fantasy Racing in my mind, all of the time She's just racing through my fantasy, I see you whenever I dream This girl (ahh) I'm in a wonderland whenever she starts to speak This girl (ahh) I wonder if she'll ever see something in me Racing through my fantasy, racing through my fantasy All I see is her and me, she's racing through my fantasy Racing in my mind, all of the time She's just racing through my fantasy, I see you whenever I dream The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Betty's Room Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] There's a monster in my bedroom I saw him yesterday And then he disappeared under the bed He didn't even say hey There's a monster in my room I don't know what to do There's a monster in my room, I don't know what to do I saw him the other night actually He was, laying on my bedpost and then he disappeared again All I know is There's a monster in my room I don't know what to do There's a monster in my room, I don't know what to do So I finally seen him again, he came out to lay It's rather shy He says hi, I... hey look! There's a monster in my room There's a monster in my room There's a monster in my room He's short, he's lovely but unfortunately he's not for me He's a monster he would never understand But, he's just a monster in my room I want to do He's a monster in my room that I wanna do or maybe not - what do you think? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow f/ Om'Mas Keith of SARA Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: The Finer Thangz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Tryin to leave Sh-sheeit; I'm 'bout to get on a plane now! No... that's right, call me Call me, we'll do lunch You know, you know what they say [Chorus: The Jet Age of Tomorrow] You know they say that the finest things in life is free (I work for me - nigga what?) (Time for you to cough it up) (Don't you owe me what the fuck?) (I know one thing though - you better pay me, BITCH) You know they say that the finest things in life is free (I spend it up, save it up) (Double up, triple up, then leave the casino) (But I know one thing though) (You better pay me, BITCH) [Om'Mas Keith of SARA] I got, got shit like Cartier I like big girls... {*SCRATCH: "What the fuck you just say?"*} I like big girls, but not that big Don't want no pig yo cause I'm only five foot nine as it is Super 3 gettin money, L.A., A-T-L connect Not a new jack, no lookin back At the club? Girl I douse you with champagne, then we HOUSE YOU Imaginin me, on top of the world eatin caviar from spoons made from mother of pearl [Om'Mas Keith of SARA] Uh-oh, business like a Blackberry Keep my girl in burberry It's smellin like some strawberries In the South of France, on a ferry ... cause I want all the finest things in this life Smell good, dress nice, got a kid, maybe a wife~! Jetsettin money-gettin and I got five whips And hangin with my homies doin acid trips Now it's all about the shorty with the sexy lips And nickel-plated automatics with banana clips! (PAY ME, BITCH!!) {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow f/ Kilo Kish Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: I Want You Still Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I had a dream about you the other day Do you want to hear about it? Okay... [Kilo Kish] Thinking of you, the other day I missed how everything used to be When the, sky was green with periwinkle trees Screaming on the sun, six thousand degrees I remember, the way it felt Walking barefoot, we let the ice cream melt Burning down cities with the fires we kept We carried guns and we fought to the death How dare you carry on with your stupid life like we don't belong in our own brigade, camous and grenades Sitting in the shad,e drinking pink lemonade Hardwood floors, cardboard box All night long, hip-hop rocks! MJ in the kitchen slide around your socks I don't know, the whole thing... stopped [Interlude] Umm... I feel like I, just eat way too much sugar before I go to sleep Something... I don't know Check your belly? Anyway [Kilo Kish] Pardon me, this is New York City All my girlfriends say I'm way too pretty to be crying over some whack-ass nigga They all have boyfriends though, so go figure~! And so that leaves me at this place that every time I look at your fucking face I wonder if you ever even miss me at all I say no, but it's your call I find myself just zoning out Feeling all alone and without a doubt I'm staring at the sun, I hope my eyes fall out I know, it's kinda harsh but... I bet it'd feel about the same as it does every time I hear your name And that stupid-ass sound, that it makes I don't know even know who's life... to tak [Interlude] Me or you... you or me I don't know, it's just, nightmares are driving me crazy I can't even deal anymore, okay? [Outro] I want you still {*3X*} I hate you but, I want you still I want you still {*2X*} I want you I hate you but, I want you Blah blah blah blah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Protozoa (YOW!) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash YOWWWW! [Verse: The Jet Age of Tomorrow] She really is for me (YOW!) She knows where I stay (YOW!) The stars shine on me, shine on me (YOW!) Do you want to come with me? Come with me (YOW!) {*skatting like "ba-da-ba-ba-bahhh" 4X*} [Verse] {*skatting like "ba-da-ba-ba-bahhh" 8X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Burfday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] HEY~! It's yo' birthday, ahhhhh Girl it's yo' birthday, ooh-ooh-ah-ahhh It's yo' birthday (birthday, yo' birthday) uhh, UHH! It's yo' birthday (don't forget it) you know it's yo' birthday, uhh You eighteen, the one new day, where you can do yo' own thang This is yo' birthday, happy birthday, uhh, uhh It's yo' birthday, at the {?} strip club, or your momma club Do what you like, cause it's yo' birthday Or you could buy the bar not only if you want to but you don't have to Just sayin, you got the option BIRTHDAY, YEAH, YEAHHHHH, YEAHHHHHHHHH YEAHHHHHH, YEAHHHHH, yo' birthday, birthday Yo' birthday, yo' birthday yeah (holla) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Sleep! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] As time, passes by Leavin y'all, who cares? Dude, got me high and this, is clear We're, intertwined and more, what's to fear? In which we sleep, that's one thing I'll never need Your love just falls over me, and I don't want you to leave! You're always in my dreams, in hues and fuscias and greens You chase so much that it seems, that you don't love me any more Well what the fuck am I breathin for? Time, passes by Leavin y'all, who cares? Dude, got me high and this, is clear We're, intertwined and more, what's to fear? In which we sleep, that's one thing I'll never need Your love just falls over me, and I don't want you to leave! You're always in my dreams, in hues and fuscias and greens You chase so much that it seems, that you don't love me any more Well what the fuck am I breathin for? (The fuck am I breathin for?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow f/ Casey Veggies & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Welcome Home Son Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Aww man~! Aww, aww, aww man damn! Young Veggies, The Super 3, Tyler the Creator [Casey Veggies] Ride-ride-ridin 'round town, same old seven steelo Nigga couldn't change, you could blame it on my ego Young'n started grindin, man I did it on the d-low Came back shinin with that 4th quarter free throw Game time nigga even if get the rebound Hoes tryin to figure where I be now But that love shit, is somethin I don't see now Lost still profound, and every day it go down My niggaz got a name now, these other niggaz lame now So I do my thang just to bring them haters pain now Nigga, Matt Martians told the boy to write a verse Came in killin ain't even need to rehearse Swear I take it down and I make that girl disperse And I ain't just kill it man, I put it in a hearse I'm back home like [Tyler, the Creator] Suck it up, cock it up, time is when the clock is up Cause you don't have to talk for us to chop it up (chop it up?) Freezer burn, erection when I see you squirm for me not to get inside your face, I'm the newest dermatologist Blood on my shirt no one acknowledged it From teenage babes leaving dates I got to followin Swallow it, clean it off, polish it Axe you up in the back of my shack - fuck some hollow tips Throw you in my deep creek of self-esteem on some shallow shit The kids used to tease, now I'm hiding in the leaves of the trees near the school where their teen daughter at-teend I, grab them by the pale throat, throw them in the passenger to balance up the color of my van it matches egg yolk My only fucking way to calm down, the view of dead folk "This movie fuckin sucks," because the pay per view is dead hoe Now shut the fuck up and work magic with eso-pha-ghost The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: A Happy Ending Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] This is my duty, to all mankind And I know, I won't regret this So I go - I know your parents, aren't home now and you don't know, I'm outside waiting {*laughing*} I creep into your window You still don't hear a thing though I wonder if you even hear But I know you're prepared to meet your biggest fear, he he I know where you are This is the night, that you die For what I've been through You will pay, for the lies [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I heard, you were here So I walk, upstairs Then I hear your voice Then I see you, styling your hair I begin to creep in You don't even, hear a noise I get in position and my plans, begin to deploy, hah hah ha~! [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] As I start, to move forward You then, see me So startled you begin to run To get away from me As you try to escape I catch you at the door I been took action Now your lies, are no more [Chorus] - 2X [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] It's just all a joke {*3X*} Or is it? It's just all a joke {*3X*} Trust me - or is it? I'm just playing {*3X*} Or am I? I'm just playing {*2X*} ... Or am I? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Jet Age of Tomorrow Album: The Journey to the 5th Echelon Song: Her Secrets (Bonus) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] She's gorgeous - one of a kind Word around town she's hard to find I saw her - the other day Walking down the street, around my way I stopped her - to say some words She told me love was for the birds I asked her - if there's a chance She just smiled and looked at my pants .. I feel bad for a second Still ask her for her number so I could text her .. She says no Then she waves at me and says "I gotta go, but" Maybe I'll see you around Even though I'm not from this part of town Maybe I'll see you around Even though I'm not from this part of town [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I saw her - once again Walking down the street, with a friend I ask her - why she came around She said she's sick of shopping downtown I wonder - why she's back Maybe it's just me and she's trying to act Or maybe - she's really shopping for clothes in the part of town where no one goes So I follow her - around the block Then I realize she's tryin to score some rock She looks as if - she don't care Then she looks at me as she flips her hair and says [The Jet Age of Tomorrow] I knew it had to be too good to be true I mean a girl like that on this side of town, for no reason? I don't know I just feel like maybe one day I'll find, a girl as beautiful as she was but that's not riding the white horse Can't have no girl that the white horse now can you It ain't like she said the same thing to me every time I talk to her All she ever said to me was The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Street Fighter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*cassette tape swapped out at 0:00*} {*tape player pressed play at 0:03*} {*cassette tape stopped play at 0:06.5*} {*fast forward or rewind from 0:07-0:13*} {*cassette tape stopped moving at 0:13*} {*tape player pressed play at 0:14*} {*only static can be heard on cassette*} {*cassette tape stopped play at 0:17*} {*gradually fades into "Strawberry Swing"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Strawberry Swing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*echoing "ooh" and "ahh" sounds by Frank until 0:21*} [Frank Ocean] When we were kids We hand painted strawberries on a swing Every moment was so precious... then I'm still kickin it I'm daydreamin on a strawberry swing The entire Earth is fighting All the world is at its end Just in case, an atom bomb Comes falling on my lawn I should say, and you should hear I've loved.. I've loved the good times here I've loved our good times here [Frank Ocean] Say hello Then say farewell to the places you know We are all mortals, aren't we? Any moment this could go Cry, cry, cry, ohhhhhh Even though, that won't change a thing But you should know, you should hear That I have loved I have loved the good times here And I will miss our good times [Frank Ocean] Spaceships are lifting off, of a dying world And millions are left behind, while the sky burns There wasn't room for you and I Only you, goodbye, goodbye In the sky, I don't mind Without you to waste my time I don't mind Without you to waste the time {*alarm clock buzzes*} Couldn't be great, without you {*alarm clock buzzing*} Without you to waste my time {*clock keeps getting louder*} {*Frank shuts off the clock*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Novacane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uh-huh, uh-huh Uh-huh - uh-huh [Frank Ocean] I think I started somethin I got what I wanted Did, didn't I can't feel nothin, superhuman Even when I'm fuckin, Viagra poppin Every single record, auto-tunin Zero emotion, muted emotion Pitch corrected, computed emotion Uh-huh; I blame it on the model broad with the Hollywood smile, oww Stripper booty and a rack like wow Brain like Berkeley Met her at Coachella, I went to see Jigga She went to see Z-Trip... perfect I took a seat on the ice cold lawn She handed me a ice blue bong, whatever She said she want to be a dentist really bad She's in school payin, for tuition doin porn in the Valley At least she workin But girl I can't feel my face What are we smokin anyway? She said don't let the high go to waste But can you taste, a little taste Novacane, baby, baby Novacane, baby, I want you Fuck me good, fuck me long, fuck me numb Love me now, when I'm gone, love me none Love me none, love me none Numb, numb, numb, numb [Frank Ocean] Sink full of dishes, pacin in the kitchen Cocaine for breakfast, yikes~! Bed full of women, flip on a tripod Little red light on shootin, I'm feelin like Stan-ley Kubrick... this is some visionary shit Been tryin to film pleasure with my +Eyes Wide Shut+ But it keeps on movin; I blame it on the model broad with the Hollywood smile Stripper booty with the rack like wow I'll never, forget ya You put me on a feelin I never had, never had, never had And ever since I've been tryin to get it back Pick it up and put it back Now I'm somethin like the chemist on cammmmmpus But there's no drug around Quite like what I found, in you, you I still can't feel my face What am I smokin anyway? She said don't let the high go to waste But can you taste, a little taste of [Frank Ocean] Novacane novacane novacane novacane novacane Numb the pain numb the pain numb the pain numb the pain numb the pain Novacane novacane novacane novacane novacane For the pain for the pain, novacane novacane {*Frank Ocean scats ohh-hoo-ahhh for a bit*} [Frank Ocean] Pretty girls involved with me Makin pretty love to me Pretty, pity pity All the pretty girls involved with me Makin pretty love to me Pretty, pity pity I cain't feel a thing, I cain't feel, cain't feel a thing Cain't feel a thing, cain't feel feel feel feeling I cain't feel feel her Novacane novacane novcane I cain't feel feel her Novacane for the pain for the pain I cain't cain't feel her Feel her, feel her Ohhhh, novacane novacane Cain't... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: We All Try Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I believe Jehovah, Jah-rah I believe there's heaven, I believe in war I believe a woman's temple gives her the right to choose, but baby don't abort I believe that marriage isn't between a man and woman, but between love and love And I believe you when you said that you lost all faith, but you must believe in something Something, something You gotta believe in something Something, something I still believe in man A wise one asked me why Cause I just don't believe we're wicked I know that we sin, but I do believe we try, we all try The girls try, the boys try, women try, men try You and I, try, try, we all try [Frank Ocean] I don't believe in time travel I don't believe our nation's flag is on the moon I don't believe our lives are simple And I don't believe they're short, this is interlude I don't believe my hands are cleanly Can't believe that you would let me touch your heart She didn't believe me when I said that I lost my faith, you must believe in something Something, something You gotta believe in something Something, something [Chorus] w/ Ocean ad libs [Outro] Try to believe - try, just try Try to believe - try, just try Try to believe - try, just try Oh I, I do believe I do believe {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Bitches Talkin' (Metal Gear Solid) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [random women talking] Stop! Stop! Let me go! No you can play what you wanna play You don't got no Jodeci? Got no Jodeci? [Frank Ocean] All you bitches want is Jodeci, what the fuck? [women still talking] What's a Radiohead? Anyway, anyway [Frank Ocean stops tape and takes it out] Whatever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Songs 4 Women Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ha ha~! When I was younger I used to wonder Like [Frank Ocean] If I was singing songs, just to sing the songs Or if was singing cause, that's what the bitches wanted I couldn't, play guitar like Van Halen Had no, secret chords like Saint David But you still came around, ate your lunch with me Used to park your car, to try to bus with me But I, would say girl don't be dumb I'm ridin shotgun We could go to my house after school After school, after school Cause my dad don't clock, off 'til late Off 'til late, off 'til late We could kick it in the, living room Lookin through my whole vinyl collection And you could teach me how to slow dance or somethin And I'ma give you chills harmonizing to Otis, Isley, Marvin And everytime somebody asked me If I sing songs to get at women, I say yeah They said - no fair no fair that's cheatin I say shit, oh well, oh well And everytime a nigga asks me If I sing songs to get at women, I say yeah They say - no fair, no fair that's cheatin I say boy don't judge cause hell if you were me You'd be singin to her Like la da da da da La da da da da La da da da da [Frank Ocean] Now I'm in the lab, always working late Always sleeping past, the breakfast she makes She used to stop by, come and holla at me Put her purse down, and try to battle rap me She don't do that no more No more, no more Don't even listen to the songs I record But she be bangin that Drake in my car I'm - +So Far Gone+ She stay blastin Trey and his songs All damn day long It's like she never heard of me Now everytime somebody asks me If I sing songs to get at women I say naw they say okay I don't believe it I say nope I swear I never do it And everytime a nigga asks me If I sing songs to get at women, I say naw They say who do you think you kiddin? I know you, you stole my girlfriend [Frank Ocean] Now see I just don't play fair, but it's fair enough Cause yo' girl broke my heart in, half Now I'm singin la da, la da 'bout heartbreak And now I'm singin la da, la da 'bout love lost Oooooooooh Oooooooooh Oooooooooooooooooohoooooooohoooooooh Ooooooooohoooooohoooooohoooooh [Outro] Man, I'm sayin though, like All I write is love songs Then I try, come to the studio I You know what I do Who you think I do it for huh? Yeah, uh-huh But you ain't listenin, ever But if you were, might bug with it, ha ha Yeah, all these songs for women Songs for women Songs for you baby For you~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: LoveCrimes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Crazy, I plead insanity Crazy for you, baby [Frank Ocean] Talk to me, and I better not hear a word Mmm, do me baby, I better not feel it girl Baby I, I still got one bullet left, in my niiiine Fin' to do a love crime, love crime, fin' to do a lovecrime Murder, murder, murder she wrote Love crimes, love crimes Murder, murder, murder she wrote Love crimes, love crimes [Frank Ocean] You write me love letters, with your father's pen, ohh ahh If he knew the freaky freaky things, that you write with it Is it really wrong, that I want, to be the baby daddy? Is that a love crime, love crime? Tell me it's a love crime [Frank Ocean] Oh yeah yeah [Chorus] - 1/2 [Frank Ocean] In the getaway car You know I love it when the ride is smooth {*music slowing*} If we ever get caught It'll be a long vacation for two [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro - unknown speaker] Right? Men'll just stick it in every place they can But for women, women it's just about Security and commitment and whatever the fuck! But you're not the jealous type are you? You've never been jealous about me have you? And why haven't you ever been jealous about me? You're very, sure of yourself aren't you? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Street Fighter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*cassette tape swapped out at 0:00*} {*tape player pressed play at 0:03*} {*cassette tape stopped play at 0:06.5*} {*fast forward or rewind from 0:07-0:13*} {*cassette tape stopped moving at 0:13*} {*tape player pressed play at 0:14*} {*only static can be heard on cassette*} {*cassette tape stopped play at 0:17*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: There Will Be Tears Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash There will be tears, I've no doubt There may be smiles, but a few And when the tears, have run out You will be numb and blue [Frank Ocean] I can't be there with you, but I can dream {*6X*} I still dream dream dream I still dream There will be.. [Frank Ocean] My grandaddy was a player Pretty boy in a pair of gators See I met him later on Think it was 1991 The only dad I'd ever know But pretty soon he'd be gone too Hide my face, hide my face Can't let 'em see me crying Cause these boys didn't have no fathers neither And they weren't crying My friend said it wasn't so bad You can't miss what you ain't had Well I can I'm sad and [Frank Ocean] I can't be there, that's all you had to say to me was You couldn't be there, why couldn't you say it to me? You won't be there, you coulda warned me You wouldn't be here right here You wouldn't be here for me, no no no no No no no no No, no no No no no no No, no no {*Frank harmonizes 'til the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Swim Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] That's a pretty big trunk on my Lincoln town car, ain't it? Big enough to take these broken hearts, and put 'em in it Now I'm drivin 'round on the boulevard, trunk bleedin And every time the cops pull me over, they don't ever see them And I don't see them - and I've got this black suit on Roamin around like I'm ready for a fune-ral Five more miles 'til the road runs out I'm about to drive in the ocean I'ma try to swim from somethin, bigger than me Kick off my shoes, and swim good, and swim good Take off this suit, and swim good, and swim good, good [Frank Ocean] Got some pretty good beats on this 808 CD yeah Memory seats I'm sittin on stay heated I woulda put tints on my windows, but what's the difference? If I feel like a +Ghost+ no Swayze Ever since I lost my baby I've had this black suit on Roamin around like I'm ready for a fune-ral One more mile 'til the road runs out [Frank Ocean] I'm goin off, don't try stoppin me I'm goin off, don't try saving me No flares No vest And no fear Waves are washin me Out [Outro] Don't die {*repeat and scat to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Dust Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Who's that talkin in the library? Who's that talkin in my library? Is that you? No I won't put you out Cause what would this place be without my muse Nothing special, every book in here I wrote Some I'm not too proud; some I wish I could burn So many pages I wrote, wish I could revise them But there's no erasing, and the best advice I got was keep writing And keep living, and keep lovin And when the ink dries, and the pages turn to dust So will we turn to dust, so will we dust, dust [Frank Ocean] Who's that laughin in my library? Who's that laughin in my library? Is that you? No I won't put you out Cause what would this place, be without your smile? Nothing special I fell in love with you girl You let yourself inside, with no respect for privacy You said there's too much on my mind Then you ripped out a page, and set that shit on flame I quit writing Noooo, I kept living, whoahhhh, I kept lovin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: American Wedding Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ahh~! American love, American me American you, American tear American heartbreak Oh ahh {*lighter flicks*} [Frank Ocean] I took a walk with the palm trees, as the daylight fell Sangria in the canteen, talkin to myself This tattoo on my left hand, is turning purple-ish blue Daydreams of the romance, daydreams of you My pretty woman in a ball gown, I'm Richard Gere in a tux Gettin married in the courthouse, writing vows in a rush Makin out before the judge, with my teenage wife Got a wedding band done, that I just might die with It's an American wedding They don't mean too much, but we were so in love We had an American wedding Now what's mine is yours, that's American law [Frank Ocean] M-R-S dot Kennedy, she signed her name in pen In a fancy fancy cursive, then turned her term papers in A thesis on Islamic, virgin brides and arranged marriage Hijabs and polygamist husbands, those poor unamerican girls After school she ran to me, jumped in my 5.0 This is the - home of the brave, land of the free But your, parents still didn't know She said, "I've had a hell of a summer So baby, don't take this hard But maybe we should get an annulment before this goes way too far" It's just an American wedding They don't mean too much, they don't last enough We had an American wedding Now what's mine is yours, American divorce [Frank Ocean] Well you can have my Mustang, that's all I've got in my name But Jesus Christ don't break my heart, this wedding ring won't ever wipe off But if youuuuu stay, oh if you stay (STAY) You'll probably leave later anyway, it's love made in the USA {*long guitar solo*} {*tape stops and changes at 6:12*} [Outro] Don't let 'em front you to saying you can't move Without 'em, fuck 'em I tell 'em this ain't new We been some hustlers since it began dude Ain't gon' be trippin over some bitch ass dude They so vain I tell 'em this ain't you You can get sensitive but the shit ain't true These niggaz can't do nothin that I can't do That she can't do, that he can't do That you can't do, that we can't do Man I had a dream and then the shit came true And nigga if I did it I think you can too These niggaz can't do nothin that I can't do That she can't do, that he can't do That you can't do, that we can't do Man I had a dream and then the shit came true These niggaz can't do nothin that I can't do That she can't do, that he can't do That you can't do... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Soul Calibur Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*cassette tape swapped out at 0:00*} {*tape player pressed play at 0:03*} {*cassette tape stopped play at 0:06.5*} {*fast forward or rewind from 0:07-0:13*} {*cassette tape stopped moving at 0:13*} {*tape player pressed play at 0:14*} {*only static can be heard on cassette*} {*cassette tape stopped play at 0:17*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: nostalgia, ULTRA Song: Nature Feels Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah Ow ow, yeah [Frank Ocean] I've been meanin to fuck you in the garden Been breathin so hard, we both could use the oxygen Just hop on my back, I'll take you down the stairs Into my backyard then lay you out on the grass Give it you over again, over again over again Over again over again, over again over again Makin love, underneath the cherry leaves Baby girl, tell me how my nature feels Say oh baby (oh baby) up against the cherry tree (boy) Baby girl (baby baby baby) I'll give it to you naturally [Frank Ocean] Feelin like Adam when he first found out this existed (uhh, WOW~!) Me and my Eve tryin out our first positions (heh, yeah) And it's all good, and it's all free And it's all you, and it's only me Playin in the dirt, wrestlin myself inside you Yeah [Frank Ocean] My cavewoman, I'm a caveman Doing wild things, in a wild land We keep goin baby, we keep gettin it baby We'll get Pebbles maybe, a couple Bam Bams Bam bam, bang bang Girl your heart, goes, bam and bang Feel my heart go, go, go {*tape popped out at 3:41 right before the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Acura Integurl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] She singin - bitch I'm paid, and that's all I gotta say I'm like who knew? Who knew? Who knew? That after all the years I'd make a Weezy fan out of you too, you too, you too When I met you, you were Thom Yorke, Chris Martin and U2, U2, U2 When you met me I was Three 6, Pimp C, Bun B 8Ball and MJG, yeah But we're both a long way from home We got the windows down, the radio's on, al-ways I wrote a letter to the sky sayin maybe one day you'll get to kiss me My girl found it in the car and said baby why you tryin to diss me? Cause you know you're my baby, you know you're my baby, ooh I'm not just in it for the ride, in it for the ride, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Bedtime Story Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] My pillows ain't giving no comfort And the fan is blowin way too loud Even my heartbeat wakes me up And I can't drown it out Cause my eyelids ain't heavy enough And there ain't enough sheep on my ceiling to count [Chorus 1] Ain't slept a wink since you left me No inspiration to dream, baby You're my bedtime story Bedtime but I can't sleep No bedtime story, bedtime story, oh [Frank Ocean] I never really liked this apartment, no There's not enough windows That ain't the reason you left, I did that by myself But I wish you'd come back before the sun comes up again Cause my eyelids ain't heavy enough And there ain't enough sheep on my ceiling to count [Chorus 1] [Chorus 2] You gotta let me read just a page of you baby You gotta help me sleep this ain't healthy, no way Where's my bedtime story Just three words to my bedtime story, bedtime story oh [Frank Ocean] Every time I lay my head down Baby I, baby I, baby I'm thinking of you Baby I-I'm thinking of you Every time I lay my head down Baby I, baby I, baby I'm thinking of you Baby I-I'm thinking of you [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Outro] I, love, youuuuuuuuuu {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Love On My Piano Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I just wanna make love {*3X*} Play a couple chords, jump on board If you wanna ride out (if you wanna ride out) Imma hit a few keys bring you down to your knees So you don't wanna leave now (don't wanna leave) I got you up in my house now (ow) Fix you up another Mai Thai (Thai) No sun on the horizon (on) Let's make a song for the night time (time) [Chorus: repeat 2X] I just wanna make love, on my piano I just wanna make love, on my piano I just wanna make love, love on my piano Love, love on my piano [Frank Ocean] Stroke of harmony kiss you on your neck I'm changin up your voice sound (changin up your sound) I'ma do what I said and take you to the bridge and make you climax now (ahh ahh) Now we switching up the melody (ay~!) We take it down to a minor stage (stage) We making noise like we can't believe (ay) Let's put this moment on replay [Frank Ocean] Oooooh Girl what'cha you wanna - dooo Back it up, back it up, back it up up up {*2X*} I think I got a cluuue Girl whatcha you wanna doooooo You wanna make love, love on my piano Love, love on my piano The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Bricks and Steel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] If a tree fell in the forest And no one's around to hear it Baby, does it go boom? Does it go boom? If I have love for ya But you were never close enough to feel it Is my love any good? Is my love any good? Ohhh But the distance ain't even a room away You're layin in the bed right next to me But there might as well be a brick wall in between us Some soundproof glass and some bars in the middle Oh baby, when I wanna talk to you I'm conversin with bricks, and steel, a pile of bricks, and steel And when I tap your shoulder You're cold as bricks, and steel, a pile of bricks, and steel And how do I stay in love with you? Ravish all the the leftovers and garbage Was it ever real, if you were never here? Bricks, and steel, walk around the kitchen like a pile of bricks and steel Bricks bricks, steel steel [Frank Ocean] I know you're somewhere in there Sometimes I wanna pick up a hammer And start chiselin away, away; chiselin away, away Girl my phone bill is crazy The rate is sky high when I call ya But you only let it ring, you only let it ring, no [Frank Ocean] Stomp, stomp, I think I hear 'em comin down the hall He don't hear a word I say at all I'm wishing these four walls could talk, talk Oh, stomp, stomp I think I hear 'em comin down the hall and And he don't hear a word I say at all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Broken Pieces Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ahhh baby, yeah Reminiscing on a younger love Blowing kisses to me through the window of the bus Daddy told you that I was dangerous But I couldn't stop hustlin even if he asked me Fast forward now we're grown-ups But how could I forget that lovin you was such a rush Our future could've been different But lets just say I wouldn't stop hustlin even when you asked me But you knew me well You knew I had the love on a different scale Heavy as the heavens, you could tell I'm different now But I still carry her with me still It takes a strong young man to survive out here Carrying the pieces of two hearts All the broken pieces of two hearts Used to have a backpack full of that work Now I got a backpack full of this hurt And the broken pieces of two hearts All the broken pieces of two hearts It's gettin heavier! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Can't Be the Last Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Oh, wait a minute baby girl can we just sit down There's a couple things we need to talk about When you get mad at me, do you really mean what you say? Or is it just one of them days, when things ain't going your way? Can we talk about it without the shouting? [Chorus 1] I know we got issues, don't wanna lose you Can't let this thing fall apart Know it damn well that I got your heart Think it's time to rewind and start all over again [Chorus 2] Everybody has their arguments We all have issues that we need to deal with, can we talk about it? But that don't mean we can't get over it Cause it won't be the last time, can't be the last time We two hearts, one future girl I know it's hard But we can't let it go, cause they wanna see us apart What I'm sayin is, there'll be ups and down But it won't be the last time, can't be the last time [Frank Ocean] Can't be the last time, that you get mad at me For forgettin every little anniversary or somethin silly like me leaving up the toilet seat And it can't be the last time, when you say I don't do this When you say I don't do that, but you know I ain't perfect Girl no way to explain it, but I know we can make it [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] Girl, I love the things you do Reminds me of the reasons why I'm with you Like when you walk, out the door When your clothes, hit the floor You were just about to break up and now we 'bout to make up (yeah yeah) Uh oh oh, oh Oh ooh woah Girl just say yeah-ey-yeah Oh oh oh oh Let's make up, yeah yeah [Chorus 2] - repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Day Away Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] It's 12:07, and I'm thinkin 'bout him (thinkin 'bout him) Eight minutes ago it was all okay, yeah I wish the year was just missin one day I'm wishin I could forget it Cause it's still so hard to live with it [Pre-Chorus] I'm hummin to the song playin in my head when I first met you And I'm lookin through the pictures in the shoebox under my bed And I swear, every conversation that I have Someone brings up your name, just this one day I don't know Maybe if I board a plane, I could be at the sunrise Better yet grab a hammer, and start breakin the clocks (those damn clocks) No, I don't wanna think about him I don't wanna dream about him I don't wanna talk about him I don't wanna call him This day doesn't even exist; I keep prayin it won't exist no more Click-clickin my heels wishin away the day Wish it could have been Tuesday - just not today Could have been Wednesday - just not today, day I'm clickin my heels wishin away the day Wishin the day go away Day go away, to-day go away [Frank Ocean] It's 6:47, still thinkin 'bout him (thinkin 'bout him) Walkin on 42nd trynna clear my brain no, oh He packed his luggage and he left, but some of it still remains So for 24 hours I'll been sittin here starin at his baggage in my space [Pre-Chorus] + [Chorus] [Frank Ocean] See I don't even wanna think about him Or dream about him; even just one day is one too long There ain't no sense in bringin it up or bringin memory round Cause ain't no gettin back the love is gone I won't be crying no more No water will fall; the storm has passed and gone And I wish amnesia would stay I don't wanna remember, not even for just one day~!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Flight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Yeah I'm hitchhiking love Could you take me to the hills I'm not heavy no, I promise I heard you could fly, could you try [Pre-Chorus] We can drive for miles 'til no one can see but just you and me, ohhhhhh I'm spendin too much time on the ground, baby please show me how How you do it, and don't ever let me down Don't try to hide it Cause I'd see your wings if that dress was backless Don't hide it, it ain't a secret Everybody knows you fly, fly, fly I know you go up, go up I wanna go up, take me up I wanna go up, take me up Don't try to hide it, everybody knows you fly [Frank Ocean] Oh I really ought to ask If I need a parachute or something Cause if you take me way up there I'll be scared to death of falling [Pre-Chorus] + [Chorus] [Frank Ocean] Gravity's blowing up my phone don't wanna answer Them sidewalks callin to me (yeah) Gravity's callin my phone I can't answer Ain't no service, way up here girl We 25,000 feet in the air baby If love was sky, damn right I'm falling Falling in love But going up [Outro] Show me how you do it, how you show me up {*3X*} Show me what {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Focus Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Yeah I know I'm probably wastin my time But listen yeah - I got some shit on my mind I know it's obvious that I'm the talk of the town It seem the more fame you get the more they bringin you down Everywhere I go it's a media frenzy All they seem to care about is me, Kim or Lindsey Is the story real? You don't even know Do you even care? Yeah I thought so Yeah yeah I know they wanna see me Focus {*3X*} I gotta get back to the money, I'm losin Focus {*3X*} I gotta get back to the money [repeat first verse] + [Chorus] [repeat 2X] I'm back at it Automatic [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Follow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I looked you in the eyes I crossed my heart and hope to die, I will never let them cry I held you in my arms Said I wont let go until you feel you're ready ('til you feel you're ready) Told me on the phone Somethin that you love me, well baby say it to my face I can have a place in your world Kinda like your Army, your Air Force, your Peace Corps So baby follow follow follow Tell me where you want to go Just keep your body, close and don't let go Follow follow follow Baby let me be the guide, just listen for the signs And when I tell you right left switch it up I'ma take it slow, I'ma take it slow (ohh) Oh baby stop there, right there Don't lose control, don't lose control (ohh) Now baby look up at the stars If you wanna go, promise we can go (ohh) You just gotta follow follow follow {*2X*} [Frank Ocean] Ohh baby if you like~! We can go to paradise, be back by the next sunrise And no, I won't stay in Rome I never go faster the limit (not unless you with it) And you told me on the phone Said you wanna love me, well baby tell me how it feels Gotta have place in your world Something like no other, your lover, your best friend, ooh [Frank Ocean] Left, right, switch it up Oh we gotta pick it up now (slow it down down) Hell yeah! Switch it up No we just can't let it fall down (gotta keep it that, that, that, that) Can't quite get enough Gotta keep your back arched up Follow the leader baby girl It's goin down, down, down (Down down down) [Outro] Now move it right left switch it up I'ma take it slow, I'ma take it slow (ohh) Oh baby stop there, right there Don't lose control, don't lose control (ohh) Now baby look up at the stars If you wanna go, promise we can go (ohh) You just gotta follow follow follow You just gotta follow follow follow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Go Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Yeah I'm hitchhiking love Could you take me to the hills I'm not heavy no, I promise I heard you could fly, could you try [Chorus 1] We can drive for miles 'til no one can see but just you and me, ohhhhhh I'm spendin too much time on the ground, baby please show me how How you do it, and don't ever let me down [Chorus 2] Don't try to hide it Cause I'd see your wings if that dress was backless Don't hide it, it ain't a secret Everybody knows you fly, fly, fly I know you go up, you go up I wanna go up, take me up I wanna go up, take me up Don't try to hide it, everybody knows you fly [Frank Ocean] Oh I really ought to ask If I need a parachute or somethin Cause if you take me way up there I'll be scared to death of fallin [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Greedy Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] I hate it every time we go out; got everybody complimentin you You love attention from the big crowd - feels like I'm on the sidelines Right next to sucker and I am the buster Girl, who's this other guy thats sending you these flowers? Oh now you tell me your ex is your best friend Call me crazy, but all I want is you to myself To share with no one You can call it jealous But I call it my greedy love Greedy love Greedy love Oh my, greedy love [Frank Ocean] The smile on your face when you got that text late at night wasn't cause of me, who else could it be? And why when your with your friends it's always movie night or girl's night, it feels like I'm ridin the bench Right next to sucker and I am the buster Girl - on the dance floor you're showin off your best moves You see my blown fuse, cause everybody's on you [Frank Ocean] Greedy love {*2X*} Oh my, greedy love The only thing I wish is all that's in your heart Though it seems like I'm naggin ohhhh Is wanting only me, too much to ask? When all I want is you to myself To share with no one You can call it jealous But I call it my greedy love [Outro: repeat 2X] Greedy love {*2X*} Oh my, greedy love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Holly Baby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Oh oh ohh my, ohh yeah yeah yeah ohh ohhh love love love, yeah Hollywood, Hollywood Heard you like to take the love That's why I, came to town With only my brain Holly baby, baby, yeah baby, yeah Why do you drive a talent crazy, crazy - yeah~! When they call your home, their home, their home, yeah When they call your home, their home, their home, yeah And they come from far away to meet ya Then you break their hearts in pieces When they call your home, their home, their home, yeah Yeah and you drive 'em crazy Holly baby, Holly baby, Hollywood, ohh [Frank Ocaen] I met you on, the TV screen You told me you were single and we talked about the weather babe You said it never rains in Southern Cali Baby, baby Why do you drive a talent crazy, baby yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: I Need Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ohh Every girl that I met on tour I knew none of them would last Cause it wouldn't work, nah it wouldn't work A hundred chicks contacts in my phone about half of them I smashed I put in work, oh I put in work But there's something missin I know Feels like I've gotta lambo with no gas to go And I've got all the world, nothing to show That girl just let me know I need love Girl, I need you, yeah, I need you I need love Girl, I need you, oh, I neeeeed I need love in the morning, in the afternoon I need love all night, all night I need love, need love, need love, need love Need love [Frank Ocean] Two weeks ago I woulda never admit I had it bad, oh I wouldn't do it, nah no Cause 15 days ago Iever knew you, so never knew how this felt Had no clue, I was too cool But now I can't go a day without ya I wake up eating breakfast thinkin 'bout ya We'll go around the world, don't ever go No, don't ever leave me 'lone [Frank Ocean] I wanna wake up from this dream No sleep full of dreams, I'll stay And I know it'll work girl There's nowhere I'd rather be because I need [Frank Ocean] Baby in the night Ohhhhhhhh~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: If I'm In Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I got a question, I wanna ask my momma but she's been gone for some years now I need the answers, I want to ask my friends but they're to cool to be honest And she's gon' take it the wrong way if I question her It just might break her heart man I can't ask my girl So I'm gonna ask Lennon And I'ma ask Donnie And I'ma ask Stevie And I'ma ask Prince if I'm in love, if I'm in love My headphones won't lie if I'm in love Tell me tell me, if I'm in love My headphones won't lie if I'm in love Tell me tell me, am I in love? [Frank Ocean] Who the hell, knows who +Purple Rain+ is? and am I standing in it? I sing along, to every single word though and I feel like I need them Cause for all I know "Rocket Love" flew past me yesterday But I gotta know for sure Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: J.O.B Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I catch Z's at work now So they're gonna fire me soon But I've been dreamin of our love I wish my new day job was you But they say my checks come from the bank and not your heart (no not your heart) They tell me think with my brain like I'm sane and not my heart (not my heart) But if my job was only to love you, yeah There wouldn't be no recession, be no recession Ain't no depression, depression If my job was only to love you, yeah There wouldn't be no stressin, be no stressin Ain't no pressure cause it pays way better baby It pays way better baby, yeah [Frank Ocean] My boss works my nerves girl If you knew him you'd wanna quit too I just know he's jealous cause he's lonely and I've got you, but what I'ma do? [Frank Ocean] If I left this place today, with the love that we made I'd be paid for the rest of my life Rest of my life I love you the rest of my life, ohhhh Be paid for the rest of my life Ohhh ohhh, ohhhhh, of, my, life Of, my, life, ahhhhh {*ad libs to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Kamikaze Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Look up, look up, look up You'll see the last line in the air Reach out, reach out Try to catch one if you can [Chorus 1] Oh right now, they're flying Circlin and coastin the sky When they, come crashing down It'll be the worst surprise [Chorus 2] But you just right stand there You ain't lookin 'round And baby, you won't never see it comin Causing kamikaze, on they're way down to you but you won't never see 'em Oh no, you'll never know he's lying 'til you look up And I bet you'd catch it if you took a sec to look up I know the truth is blindin but you gotta look up or you'll never see it comin, you'll never see it comin [Frank Ocean] Feels like I'm on the 30th floor staring out my window See them, they about to crash right into you You're marching on the sidewalk umbrella up, oblivious No clouds, shades on, no sun [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] Look up, look up, you better look all around, all around Baby you better Look up, look up, I know, they're coming down, coming down They're coming down Look up, you better look up Look up, look up Look up, look up [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] Look up, look up And baby you'll see the light You'll see him flying Look up, look up You'll see the lies no Look up, look up Flight 143 took off a minute ago Flight 143 was just on the ground The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Lights Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] Here goes... Donald Trump said buy an apartment wit her (uh) Buying an apartment wit'cha Greenspan said the rate was good My pastor says that your faith is major Best friend said I ought to wife you today Like, jumpin over the broom The white dress and all, yup the rice and all They said you love that girl, you need that girl But don't you let her go, not ever, not ever, no Who goin solo baby? I know, you told 'em baby Watch you, you tell 'em baby, it's cool, it's cool But the lights is gonna be on us That's the reason why I kept this love in the dark Cause the lights are gonna be on us Let 'em know, them lights will never turn off [Frank Ocean] But it's cool, cause this love will keep us cool This love will keep us cool, this love will keep us cool Your father really likes me, heh, he calls me son Your brother I think he hates me But you say that's how you know it's right Your mother invites me to dinner all of the time Only thing she's been grillin is me Keep tellin her I love that girl, I need that girl I won't let her go, not ever, not ever, no Who goin solo baby? I know, you told 'em baby Watch you, you tell 'em baby, it's cool, it's cool [Frank Ocean] It's strobing baby, and they burning baby But don't worry baby, just stay close to me They flashing, it's like dynamite This love will keep us about 55 degrees Don't mind the lights, no baby Don't mind the lights The love gon' keep us cool The love gon' keep us cool [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro] But it's cool, cause this love will keep us cool This love will keep us cool, this love will keep us cool It's cool, cause this love will keep us cool This love will keep us cool, this love will keep us cool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Lost Angel Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Stop the truck, hand my keys to the valet That's the moment that I see her as she leavin I - say excuse me, how could I convince you to stay? Then my phone goes to ringin in, ringin in No I don't wanna, but I gotta answer this call Could you wait, it really won't be long And then the kid came, told me he was my biggest fan Camera flashes, turn around and she's already gone How'd I get distracted I, don't know what happened I Turn back around and I was just one step too late Oh you got away away You flew away away, ohhhh I lost my angel in L.A. L.A (And where she at?) Has anybody seen her? I'm out here checking for my, angel in L.A. L.A (And where she at?) I'm postin pictures of her (And where she go?) She got me drivin around the back streets I thought I saw her walkin right past me I called you, didn't answer to your name Where's my angel? Where'd you go? Where'd you go? Where'd you go? [Frank Ocean] No I don't wanna And then the kid came How'd I get distracted I, don't know what happened I Turn back around and I was just one step too late Oh you got away away You flew away away, ohhhh [Frank Ocean] Oh, angel, tell me what am I to do? Angel, I can't find another you Angel, search downtown Now I'm on the 10 West doin 90 tryin to get to you Exit La Cienega I'm lookin, I'm searchin La Brea, Santa Monica, Sunset, Sepulveda Robertson, Melrose and Hollywood [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: No Bonnie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ohhh, yeah... {*2X*} I'm runnin from the man I'm runnin from a flag I made love to my lady before I packed I left her while she slept I put 87 grand, cash, in the glovebox I left the keys to the car by the bed Cause I got her Ohh! I wish she could be the Bonnie to my Clyde But I won't risk her life for mine No oh, not for mine No Bonnie, no Bonnie, I'm sorry, so sorry [Frank Ocean] I'm runnin water through my hands And flippin pictures in my head of her I wish I taught the girl how to shoot a gun so I wouldn't worry as much Oh, last night I put 87 grand, cash, in the glovebox I left the keys to the car by the bed Cause I got her [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ ad libs [Frank Ocean] The money should last awhile But I know without a dime she got me When the feds come around, she got me No snitchin allowed from my baby [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ ad libs [Outro] So sorry, no Bonnie No Bonnie Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Non-Stop Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I'm knockin on your door, and it's cold, yes it's cold But I brought your favorite flowers, teddy bear, and a card Cause I know that lovin me, is a chore, it's a chore But I won't stop loving you, that's for sure, that's for sure You could, open your window baby, and ask me to go away But there's no way, no how, I'll stop loving you It's non-stop, oh no, oh no, oh no It won't stop, oh no, oh no, oh no This love is gonna keep going, it ain't gonna slow It's non-stop, oh no, oh no, oh no [Frank Ocean] I sat down in my car, not to leave, just to park I'm still not losing hope, though the sky is getting dark I wish you'd just pee-eak out the blinds to my heart But you turned your bedroom light on; well at least, that's a start [Frank Ocean] Oh baby, ohhh, ohhhhh, ohhhhh Ah-hey, oh-ohhh, hooooo, ay-hey-hey Ohhhhhh, oh-ohhhhhhhh Oh-hooohhh, ohhhhhh Said I'm sorry, oh baby But the love, won't stop No no, nah uh, oh no Take me back, oh love, take me back Cause the love will keep flowing on The love will keep flowing on {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Old Terror Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] No baby no give me that,.don't touch that Could you please be still (baby stop) No baby you can't have that Until you eat your dinner; guess I got to feed you [Chorus 1] Like a baby girl, you're the cutest, you're the cutest thing but you can't always get your way Like a baby girl, I want to keep that smile on your face, oh boy but it ain't easy, you don't make it easy [Chorus 2] You're old enough to drink But when it comes to love you think just like A two year old terror Twenty-wwo year old terror Temper tantrums out of bound Cause you want it when you want Like a two year old terror Twenty-two year old terror [Frank Ocean] Now you know you should be sleeping, but okay I'll give you ten more minutes We've been sleeping in the same bed cause you been havin nightmares And you need me here, I guess I always treat you [Chorus 1] [Chorus 2] - repeat 2X [Frank Ocean] You want love, well no more sugar for you Hey~! You don't know to act, so no more sugar for you You're jumpin off the walls, no more sugar for you I said - ain't no sugar for you; well, just a little bit but [Chorus 2] - repeat 2X [Frank Ocean] Love my baby, but, she terrorize me Yeah, oh but yeah, I love my baby But, she terrorize, te-terrorize me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: One Look Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I've seen it and I liked it much I told myself I had to have it I look but I do not touch Wonderin why she walk like that that that that There was somethin in those jeans Locked up It was dying to be free And it was bound to happen, ohhhh Didn't have a pick up line to use I'm way too cool, way too cool Ohh whoa-ohh and instead I'm hopin you're watchin me too Like I watched you It took one look Ohhh {*3X*} Just that one look Ohhh {*2X*} What was I to do but look Ohhh I couldn't stop starin No, I couldn't run away from you No, didn't stop Nooo {*2X*} Just took one look [Frank Ocean] That's a good look baby (baby) That's a good look darling That's a good look, good look Such a good look My eyes must have been on drugs You callin me, check me so crazy I couldn't see the floor beneath you But baby I could see you pacin on thin air, mid-air, no Long brown hair swinging, no Red bottoms in your high heels Like I'm watchin a Blu-Ray You in HD baby and I didn't know what to say I'm way too cool, way too cool Yeah yeah yeah yeah And I, you know I'm hopin you're watchin me too Oh yeah, you know it's true [Frank Ocean] I wanna stare at you some more But I can feel you in my soul I'm not lookin from the outside I could feel you inside mine I wanna grab that body Touchin that booty, feelin on your booty Say that you love it And you said it's all mine [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro: repeat 2X] Yeah yhat's a good look baby baby That's a good look darlin That's a good look, good look Such a good look The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Open Air Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I had my feet in the water And right when I was about to get up Oh suddenly I caught ya with a hook line and a sinker You were swimmin at the bottom yeah I said why you gon' live down there Well baby you can love up here, on land And what a difference it makes you will see What a difference it makes to breathe What a difference it makes it easy to love The open air makes it easy, so easy to love The open air makes it easy, easy to love I swear the air's so much better up here than down there The open air makes it easy, easy to love [Frank Ocean] You said you're feeling ways that you never could've felt under all that pressure Used to it being dark at night and you're kinda afraid of the lights But you still crack a smile Because it makes you feel alive [Frank Ocean] Baby I could show you the world and the seed that's inside of my heart baby Don't know how you got on land in the first place Just promise you won't go back again It's better up here you know Just trying my best to show you But you started feeling like you're floating higher and higher, don't ever go under no more [Chorus] - second half 2X (starts with "The open air") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Overload Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] Ohhh {*4X*} I know I left with, these heavy thoughts They been on my mind, oh I I got cargo with me, all those memories feel Like a thousand pounds, oh my In my bed tryin to sleep; the ceiling lowers down I feel it on me now, oh I I been movin buses, further and further I just can't do this alone, I just can't do it alone I been pullin airplanes, higher and higher I just can't move them alone, and I just can't move them alone It's too heavy for me - overload overload overload Take over for me, it's too heavy for me Overload overload, but no Superman will save me But can somebody lend a hand It's too heavy for me Overload, overload, overload [Frank Ocean] Drag my life along, by the end of a rope Trying to make it by, I'm trying On the other side, someone's tuggin hard They only getting stronger, oh I Balance bricks on shoulders with the grit in my shoes I'm not strong enough - help me up, help me out [Frank Ocean] Take over for me, it's too heavy for me Overload overload, but no Superman will save me But can somebody lend a hand It's too heavy for me I been tryin to hold up the world with both my hands been holdin up the world In both my hands can't holdin up the world It's comin down, it's comin [Chorus] from "It's too heavy for me - overload overload overload" [Outro] Whoa-oh, overload {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Private Show Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Yeah - bring it up for a kid In the club, what the time is? I wanna play with you baby Can you hear me? Oh, it's a sold out crowd I'm kinda nervous, and They yellin my name out Can you hear 'em? Ohhhhhh, oh I would cancel if I could Ohhhhhh, and if you said I loved you then I would Make it a, private show, intimate affair Sittin in the front row, only ones here Said you want a, private show, said you want a, private show If you want a, private show Close the club then, close the club then Close the club then Private show, intimate affair Dancin in the front row, only one here Said you want a, private show, said you want a, private show And you want it Gotta have your backstage pass in order {*2X*} [Frank Ocean] I really love my fans So we gotta move quickly I want something this year Don't shout out encore You can sing along to my songs and then Then a round of applause then Girl hhh, oh I would cancel if I could Ohhhhhh, and if you said I loved you then I would [Frank Ocean] Live, so much better than the radio, bet-better than the radio {*3X*} Live, so much better than the {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Quickly Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Oh yeah, ohhh {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] If I had twenty million dollars in the vault somewhere baby Heh, it wouldn't matter anyway, yeah Cause the doctor told me that I'm dyin slowly So I guess I gotta love you while I'm here baby; did you know News said that the sky is fallin The globe is warmin, my country's warrin The leaders a liar, time is running Lower and lower babe, lower ba-bay I know we just met But baby could you love me quickly, quickly I, want you to love me like ya know the world's about to End baby, quickly, ohhh [Frank Ocean] Told me I don't even know your name I said well then we mine as well make ours the same What you think baby? No time Vegas might as well be light years away So we better lay under the stars before they crashin down; cause I heard [Frank Ocean] That's right baby; kiss me like the world is wicked Like the Earth is shakin, you got it baby That's right love me; feeling like our time is sprinting faster Running out on us [Chorus] - second half [Frank Ocean] Barely know me baby but you gotta love me quickly, quickly Ohhh, gotta love me like you know the world's about to end baby, quickly, yeahh Gotta love me quickly, quickly Gotta love me baby, quick now Gotta love me baby, quickly now Gotta love me like you know the world's about to end baby, quickly News said the sky was fallin, yeah News said; ohh na nah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Ready Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ohhh, ahhhhhh Baby I know I've been gone, I know it's been so long And girl I hope you miss me, cause you know I've been missin you baby Been missin my baby; yeah we talk on the phone everyday But that just don't do it for me I need you around, yeah, I can't do without you Shorty my plane just now touched down I'ma send a car to come get ya from your house So be ready in an hour Just be ready We only got one night, the sun's gon' be settin in a while Be ready, be ready We still got moonlight, I'm down for whatever right now Be ready, be ready Oh when the sky starts, sky starts changing Sweet love, we'll be making, ohhhh Just tell me You're ready, you're ready [Frank Ocean] Open up the door - girl you got me throwed off Cause when you came to kiss me yeahh, can you feel my heart beatin ohh Look into your eyes pretty hazel brown If you only knew what I'm thinkin 'bout Cause I'm right here, and I'm so real Shorty my plane leave at 9 AM tomorrow But between then and now we can go far ohh [Frank Ocean] Aiyyo, we got one, yo, we got one Yo, we got one, aiyyo Ohhh baby I'ma take it slow I don't wanna let you gooo Never let go, no Oh I know you've been patient Waiting for this moment Right here, right nowwwww [Outro: repeat 2X] Aiyyo, we got one, yo, we got one Yo, we got one, aiyyo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Real Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ever since you, came into my life, I been movin closer to, tryin to build a vault around the both of us When you're gone baby I ain't cool No I ain't cool, no I can't move And I don't know what the hell is happening to us But I don't wanna know because it feels like somethin that I want And baby I ain't never fell in love but if this is what they talk about then I don't ever wanna get out They say it's infatuation I say I don't care what you name it Baby I'm losin my air I can't breathe love And I feel like I'm blind I can't see it love And as sweet as it is I can't taste it but I know it's real love, real real love As the sky is blue, as the moon and the air change colors Real, I'm in love with you for real, for real [Frank Ocean] No I don't care, who wants to question us or break us up cause i'd lose a thousand friends for what I got wit you Right here baby I'm all good, yup I'm all good ah, I'm all good oh And I don't want, nothing but your heart and trust Every little tender touch And I know love ain't only made for us But I feel like we own it; feel like we own it And I already know what they say, they swear that we will never make it But if I lost you today, it'd be real just the same [Frank Ocean] Oh~! I know it all can't be just a figment of imagination, a dream that won't come true Girl, I know it all can't be, just an illusion I know what you doin to me [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Richest Man in the Room Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] Got a heart full of gold, that I own The clothes on my back and a pant suit I control my own money You wouldn't even tell the difference But I just can't sketch the feeling I get when you're not home Or recreate the paintings You've hung onto my soul [Chorus 1] Oh, oh - but I bet they're worth millions Oh-hooo beautiful works of love Oh-hooo I'ma go to all the fancy places All the fancy people and They can't tell me nothing, nothing [Chorus 2] Cause they all want what I got And I ain't got nothin but you Nothin but you, nothin but you They can't buy what I got Cause I ain't got nothin but you Nothin but you, nothin but you I'm the richest man in the room {*3X*} Ohhh [Frank Ocean] She got a heart made of glass What's inside of this like hidden in a bottle Now what would that be worth in your museum? Recently we traded And now that heart's my own And since we're sewed together I feel like I got both [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] (minus "richest man in the world" line) [Frank Ocean] Time itself wants what I got So I don't care about what you've got All I know is my girl is special You make me better, baby You make me happy, baby Nobody needs to remind me exactly why I'm The richest man in the room [Chorus 2] - 2X (first time minus "richest man in the world") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Rocket Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*female voice: "MAFIA"*} NASA: "Three minutes forty five seconds and counting We're full go at this time" [Frank Ocean] Listenin to, Star Trak's star tracks On the track to stars and back Only after we get to the end Passin planets feelin small On the mattress floatin off How you breathin up here with nothin on Nothin on, baby girl, but You look good in your/that spacesuit I can't keep my hands off you Plus it's easy to love you Oh, up here, up here I'm a take it slow, slow While the rockets burn, they burnin We'll be makin love, baby Rocket love, rocket love ooh {"Two minutes ten seconds and counting"} [Frank Ocean] The candle's burnin in the sun We don't need them but you like them They glow they glow, oh yeah We were, at the bar for quite a while Took some time but we collided Big bang, big bang, look at what we made beautiful [Frank Ocean] We can make believe that we're up there But we're only in the backseat, of this Eclipse ohh If the lights go by, that means the cops flew by But they won't bother us, no no no no [Chorus] - second half, 2X [NASA Outro] Twenty seconds and counting Fifteen seconds and counting Twelve, eleven, ten, nine, ignition sequence starts Six, five, four, three, two, one, zero All engines running Liftoff! We have a liftoff! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: She Won't Say Hello Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] You're my best friend, what was cooler than us? Whole school already knew what it was Kiddy crushin, puppy lovin, you know, ahh You are my high school wifey; college made it different I stayed at home andm you didn't You got a scholarship to Michigan State Drove my heart 2000 miles away [Chorus 1] And now I sit at home, answer the phone missin Wishin she would call And say hello, say hello, I'm in the zone Readjustin to the fact she's been gone And I'm alone I'm alone [Chorus 2] Keep playin the same songs in my car Hung up cause she ain't on the passenger, the passenger And I can't even play Madden any more Oh no because I can't pester her, pester her [Chorus 3] She won't say hello Hello Hello She won't Say hello Hello Hello No, no, she won't [Frank Ocean] My best friend, wish I could have went with her Can't afford to visit her, let alone stay But I wanna, really wanna, ohh We did everything together now I'm missin all the silly shit The way she bit her bottom lip after we kissed And it's enough, been countin the days I'm prayin you come back again [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] My baby, baby, what am I to do without her Oh I've been losing, wasting calling her, her [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] + [Chorus 3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: So Comfortable Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I'm afraid to say it Don't wan't you to think I'm playin My mistakes take the pretentiousness down like I'm standin naked Hear the crowd and I sorry I know that I'm wrong yeah I'm wrong If I could I'd go back I'm exposed give me back my clothes cause I just can't take it But look at you, loving a fool, makin it easy I guess it's cool naked, but you already seen me Oh you got me so comfortable Even when I'm wrong, comfortable You don't mind them flaws You've already seen them all Still got me feelin so comfortable Feelin so comfortable [Frank Ocean] You keep on forgiving, rewrote all my wrongs in pencil When you stay it makes me forget that I'm down, now it's all so simple 'Til the end, even when, I look dumb like I do when I lie Feels so good letting go I'm exposed, you can have my clothes cause I'm not afraid But look at you, loving a fool, makin it easy I guess it's cool naked, but you already seen me [Frank Ocean] It don't matter it don't matter no, you've seen it all before It don't matter it don't matter, you've seen it all before It don't matter it don't matter no, you've seen it all before So comfortable, so comfortable, so comfortable The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: So Fresh Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ohh noooo Ooooh yeah {*2X*} So fresh (so fresh) oh yes And I, know I was in love with you First time that I met you, butter-flies Kept me floating in the air, that's how it felt First word that I spoke it, made you, smile Cause I got a little style goin You laugh in my face but, I didn't care Cause it started the conversation That led to our first date, now Old folks used to tell me, I know it and I felt I know it's true if, they're, just like you So fresh {*4X*} Each time when I closed my eyes Fade in and your lips touch mine, ooh So fresh {*4X*} You're like my favorite {?} I swear you could play forever... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Standing Still Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] I'm standing by your locker in the hallway after class Swear I'm amazed The drawing in my binder every picture I put a halo on your head Yeahhhhhhh! I'm on waitin on my angel, my first love My first kiss - my second, my third The one my mommma, like so much I'm standin, still for, ya waitin I'm standin, still 'til, you in there As the time flies faster baby You could fly, fly, faster baby I'm standin - standin still I'm standin still, standin still Oh, standin still [Frank Ocean] Saturdays I'm at the snow cone spot Tryin to guess your favorite flavor I'm thinkin... cotton candy maybe I'm fallin and I placed it on the table next to me I wish you could taste it Cause it's slowly melting [Frank Ocean] While the rain storm takes over, outrageous baby I'll be standing here Seconds forward, or decades later I'll be right there Oh no matter what I'll be here - however long [Chorus] - repeat 2X (both times minus first three lines) [Outro] I'm standin still, standin still Ohh standin still The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Stay if You Go Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] My baby, my sweet pumpkin pie; my honey, my darling, my love I only really miss him when he's gone Cause when we're together we argue two thirds of the time And I miss him more than a fraction when we part [Chorus 1] Oh, oh you're callin me crazy sayin I'm always complainin I tell you, just leave me alone - there you go~! You're packing your things and, lacing your sneakers I'm screamin get out [Chorus 2] But don't go, don't go Don't go, don't go, don't go I say that you should leave but don't go Don't go, don't go, don't go Don't go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go [Frank Ocean] Sugar bunches of oats, my buttered toast on the side My full serving of love and then it's like Whenever it's just me and you, you know I don't wanna fight But I know that you know my buttons and when to press them, baby, dammit [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Interlude] I told you to go, so why did you leave? I beg you to stay, I want you to go, so why did you leave? I told you to go, so why did you stay? I begged you to stay, so why are you here? You gotta leave [Frank Ocean] Boy you know I bet that someone sins Before we go at it again It's just gon' happen, I don't understand it My heart's sane but my mind's goin crazy [Chorus 2] + [Interlude] [Outro] Oh, just go No stay, go Stay, go, stay, go, stay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Sucka 4 Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I told her that I missed her, I put her on that plane Go young love, it's just a product of the fame I told her that I dug her, I wasn't runnin game And if she left a nigga, I wouldn't be the same She met me at the W, grabbed me by my chain Then kissed me like she meant it, so glad she came Told me she was in love, she wasn't running game And since she got off the plane, she didn't feel the same [Chorus: Frank Ocean] I made a change for my baby, a difference for love And I ain't frontin, feel like you were the one that got the riiiing Girl if you want could have my name, girl if you want See baby I've been lookin so long Thought you liked it then I'm sure you wasn't feelin it at all Cause baby I'm a sucker for love, a sucker for love Girl I'm a sucker for love, a sucker for love If you've been searchin so long You knew that other lover wasn't feelin them at all Cause baby youse a sucker for love, a sucker for love A sucker for love, a sucker for love [Frank Ocean] Whoah.... so we're lovin in the winter, flaming in the rain The only one I'm into, never gonna change Cause when I said I dug her, I wasn't running game Since she been rocking with me, the crush has been insane She's a 1 of 1, D color VVS stone My precious you're my everything, please don't leave me 'lone She told me she was so sprung, I never was a lame And that the feeling's so good. she wish that it would stay [Frank Ocean] Whoah.... Love, said I only think about her when I wake up Ohhhhhhh yeah We did it for love, we did it for love, love, love [dubbed version of Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: The City Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Give me my power {*4X*} I built this city Got plenty concrete, plenty steel Please gimme my trees give 'em back Please give me mine Give me tourists, give me traffic Give me noise, just give it back Could you bring back all my police, give me order Turn back on my lights, give me fuel and water I think I'm beggin, cause now that everything's gone I'm needin mine, I'm needin mine, with [Chorus 1] The streets all dark, It looks like my building's are gone I made you the mayor of my town honey And I'm why you are the Senate representative I gave you the key to my city Gave you, power over, power over me Give it to me, give it back to me The city belongs to me The city is ours no more [Frank Ocean] Tell the government, please give me funding Can't you see that I'm doin bad? Give me floodgates, give me levees Too much water, can you push it back? How you just gon' leave me out of of order I ain't got no lights and no fuel to start up I know I'm beggin, cause now that everything's dried up I'm needin mine, I'm needin mine, and [Chorus 2] With the streets all dark, the buildings look lost I made you the mayor of my town honey And I'm why you are the Senate representative I gave you the key to my city Gave you, power over, power over me Give it to me, give it back to me The city belongs to me The city is ours no more [Frank Ocean] We used to be sky high Ohhh, we used to be major, yeah We used to be sky high We used to be major baby major [Outro] Give it to me, give it back to me The city is mine baby, this whole city is mine, the city is mine honey Give it to me, give it back to me The city is mine oh baby, the city is mine, the city is mine Now give it to me, give it back to me The city belongs to me, the city is ours no more {*fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Time Machine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] Get on my bike, and I'ma fly through time Until I'm with you - I promise I'm scared; I guess I shouldn't be But I'm a boy, in this adult body I know I said, that we would grow old together But I haven't - and that's cost you years This has been the one of my fears That has only ever caused you tears So time machine, take me ahead 'til I'm with her Gotta be with her, with her, with her, can't let her live by herself Oh time machine, maybe, we can take her with us Long as I'm with her, with her, with her she ain't livin by herself Lift off and goooo ohhh-whoa-whoahhhh Ohhh-whoa-whoahhhh {*ad libs*} [Frank Ocean] I tried; with all my might I peddled as fast as I could Until the years just started to flicker past Our lives, all of this I saw memories on both sides of the road I pointed them out as I went along Right there, we're makin out Listenin to "Purple Rain" in the basement And just ahead I can see your heart fallin but I can't save it [Chorus] - minus last two lines [Frank Ocean] I'm on my way there, to that time and space I wish you could see all that I see now I'm headed toward you yeah, I'm wishin time could wait I'm a mile away [Chorus] - minus first two lines [Outro] Lift off and goooo ohhh-whoa-whoahhhh Ohhh-whoa-whoahhhh {*ad libs*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Together Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Ohhh, we're in this together, have a little faith Ohhh, you ought to know who you are Oh we're all children, we're all human We're all breathing, we're all needing More than, what they're giving Can't you feel it? The space of what's missing [Chorus 1] You look up and they tell you it's a Godless sky, a Godless sky So you look down Cause you've convinced yourself That this is all you've got, all you've got [Chorus 2] Now picture four billion hearts beating with you, with ours Picture four billion faces held high, for love If there's one thing about this world I know It's that we're in it, together You're not alone, I'm not alone If there's one thing about this world I know We're together [Frank Ocean] I love you, and I don't know you But I know the light in you, is the same as in me I trust you, like a brother Cause you could understand the pain Better than someone who's going through it [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] I've searched the souls of my people For something to believe in Oh not words that I could say But I heard them, I heard them [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Tonight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Daaaaaaaaaamn~! You hungry! I mean, it's cool, he he Want some mo'? I, built, us a little gingerbread house you said you loved it I, baked, you a little gingerbread Benz, and you said you dug it I, make, stacks and stacks of cake in the bank, bank You ate through 'em, you ate through 'em, you ate through 'em, yeah, yeah Tell me how does that taste Tell me how does that taste, oh When I re-up, got you coming back When I'm runnin out, you keep your bags packed All the Louis shit, and the Benz I baked you Tell me somethin baby, baby, I can't blame you When we first met, I know you told me that your taste was crazy But sweetie, you tell me now that you're craving You say that Gucci taste good, but Dior tastes amazing (mazing mazing mazing mazing) {*AYYYYYYYYYYYYYY*} Baby! (Baby!) [Frank Ocean] We took chartered flights all around to taste those malls that you like most, said the jet food taste like pink raspberry Good credit, A1, just like that sauce said you liked Ruth Chris way better Lean back my seat, watch your head go down [Frank Ocean] You say that Gucci taste good, but Dior tastes amazing (mazing mazing mazing mazing) I know that you're going to love me as long as your fed, you said But I like you around - just want to keep you here I got to know, girl I ain't runnin out, I ain't runnin out [Chorus] from "Baby, I can't blame you" [Frank Ocean] You say that Gucci taste good, but Dior tastes amazing (mazing mazing mazing mazing) Hey baby, I've noticed you eat your jewelry for break' Hey baby I, noticed you eat your jewelry for break' Hey baby I, noticed you eat your jewelry for breakfast I swear, it's crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Tonight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] You didn't come out tonight so a man could talk to you Just wore that dress cause you knew that we'd all be watching you You got enough cash to buy your favorite drink too Out with the girls for the night and us guys, you give 'em the blues She said ooh-woo-woo you can't do nuttin for me You can't do nuttin for me - that's kinda rude, but I like your attitude "It's nothing personal," girl I don't take it personal - no no Cause deep down inside those brown eyes, I'll see you Tonight night, at the end of the night night And all fuckin night night, it's gon' be tonight night, yeah And when the last song's played yo, they're gone Yeah, and you'll be down, you'll be down [Frank Ocean] You see if I was another type I'da ran away from you Off to the nearest one who woulda rolled because of who I am So tell me your name or som'n, she said "Is it game or som'n?" "You pullin the famous card, it's cute and all but not enough" [Frank Ocean] And when the last song's played yo, they're gone Yeah, and you'll be down, you'll be down ohhhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: Wake Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Ahhh, ahhh, ahhhh Just a, just a, just a dream All a dream, it's all it's all Just a, just a, just a dream Just a, just a dream [Frank Ocean] From my Lou's I'm seeing colors Turquoise, ocean green, hurricane silver, yeah I'm falling, down a well Wish you were the water there Just like a sun without a flame, fell asleep without a dream I saw the light fade, I let it drift away I'm in that air and it's hard to breathe Gravity won't hold my feet - how'd I let my love breathe? I saw my life flash by the very minute Saw my lightning flick flick flicker in a little glass bottle Said I saw my life flash by that very instant Saw my lightning flick flick flicker in a little glass bottle Got to save, save me I know you seen me fall, I know you willin to die Save, save me My life is in that glass, my life is in that bottle Wake up - just tell me that's it's all in my head Wake up - remind me that you're still in my bed Wake up - the thought of sleeping in my arms again Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up [Frank Ocean] I'm in Emerald City, lookin for wizard Oz Maybe he could tell me the way to your heart again I click my J's 3 times wishin she woulda stayed And then I put her, put her on a plane, found a diamond for your ring The crown's on Saturn, then I'm back in L.A I woke up, she ain't there, levitating off the mattress Baby where you atvI said, oh baby where you at? [Outro] It's all a dream, it's all all all it's {*2X*} It's just a dream Just a just a dream My life is in that glass Save, save me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: The Lonny Breaux Collection Song: When I'm Done Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*whispered voice: "MAFIA"*} [Frank Ocean] Sittin next to your coffee table I'm tryin to fix your cable box, again Said you couldn't get channel 4 And that's the only one you wanted to watch [Pre-Chorus] Last week I was walkin your dog Baby scrubbin your dishes Took your clothes to the cleaners I don't mind, cause When I'm done, when I'm done I'm gonna get every little bit of your love When I'm done (I'm gon' get it) When I'm done (and you gon' get it) You gonna feel every little bit of my love [Frank Ocean] Spend all day in my kitchen slavin Uhhh, you didn't even know that I could cook But you said you're tired and you're ready to go Yeah, girl you didn't even touch your food, no [Pre-Chorus] [Chorus] - 2X [Frank Ocean] Well, gimme some mo' baby, gimme some mo' It's never enough baby, you gotta let me know You need something, tell me something, gather somethin to hold Baby I'll do it [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Goblin Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {You wouldn't do that Tyler} {Kill yourself or anyone} {You don't even have the balls, to begin with} {What you need is... me~! Someone to talk to} {Uhh it's been a while since our last session so} {Tell me what's been going on} [Tyler, the Creator] I'm not a fuckin role model {I know this} I'm a 19 year old fuckin emotional coaster with pipe dreams Since Kanye tweeted tellin people he's bumpin all of my shit These mothafuckers think I'm 'sposed to live up to somethin? Shit I'm still jackin off and proceeding my life careless but getting more pussy cause I tell bitches I'm Wood Harris {as you should} L.A. to Paris, I'm getting these weird stares at skateparks and airports all in a year, it's weird "Yonkers" dropped and left them craniums mindfucked Now competition missin like that nigga my mom fucked He still hasn't called me yet {that's not your fault} but that's a whole fuckin different argument, shit, I got over it And a couple bucks in my pocket, so now I could go buy a couple hot pockets and grandma can stop cookin them nasty-ass collard greens Pressure's on me like this top hat "Bastard" intro, how the fuck I'm gonna top that? [Interlude] {Tyler, you'll top it} {You'll top that, you're a very capable individual} Okay, you guys caught me I'm not a fuckin rapist, or a serial killer I lied {You know you, you just want attention} {You'll be fine} I try too hard, huh? Hehe {No.. you don't} [Tyler, the Creator] Made a couple thou' and I just don't know what to buy yet The 'preme shit is free and I don't drink, so fuck a wine set Nigga fuck a mindset, my brain is an obscenity I'm fucked in the head, I lost my mind with my virginity Oh, that's a triple three six, isn't he a devil worshipper cause I'm too fuckin ignorant to do some research? I'm the star of the group {yeah} So no one else gets the respect that they deserve {CAUSE OF YOU} {Bastard was good though!} What you think I record it for? To have a bunch a critics call my shit a bunch of horrorcore? Like I didn't make" Parade" or "Inglorious" cause I'm too scared to tell my friends the way I really fuckin feel? Of COURSE they only listen to lyrics about me pissin off in the tombs of Lara Croft, I'm getting pissed off {I bet} Message boards are on my dick, I need a pissin waiver {here} Let me bust one in they mouth, I know they feel the flavor [Interlude] {So umm, uhh...} Can't they just be happy for me like a kid with nothin, livin out his dreams? Why they got to fuckin hate? {I think everyone's happy, everyone's immature} {Everyone loves you Tyler, you have to believe that} I-I-I don't even skate anymore I'm too fuckin busy... I can barely kickflip now {Why? Why is that?} {Do you not have any free time at your home?} What the fuck you mean I'm not talented? You see the shit that I've been doing? {I have! And, I think you're a great person} I mean, I'm not that great of a rapper but as a whole, I'm pretty cool, right? [Tyler, the Creator] People excited, thinkin shit is so tight {what?} Gettin co-signs from rappers that I don't even like What the fuck you want me to do? Start to gobble his mic?  And start Jackson him off, until his cap blastin off? {No!} Fuck that {yeah} these niggaz ain't fuckin with me cause I don't listen to the +Immortal+ of +Tech+ of the +nique+ and all this underground bullshit that's never gon' peak On the Billboard Top 20 and Jam of the Week I'd rather listen to +Badu+ and +Pusha+ the +T+ and some +Waka Flocka Flame+ instead of that real hip-hop that's +bull+ of the +sheet+, but they want to critique everything that we, Wolf Gang, has ever released But they don't get it {they don't} cause it's not made for them The nigga that's in the mirror rappin, it's made for him But they do not have the mindset, that's same as him I'm not weird, you're just a faggot, shame on him [Interlude] {It is, but Tyler, you're going to have to cut down on that "faggot" word} {That's very, that's a bad} I'm not homophobic {I mean, I don't think you are but} FAGGOT~! {Alright, well, since the last time we...} The fuck is a good performance I get on stage and I have as much fun as I can {I mean, you you, it seems like you have fun} {But your Twitter posts are just} {I mean, they're really random, and it's ADD} Who doesn't have ADD? Well, I don't! {I mean, sometimes, you're just really out in the distance} {And we just want to know, what's the problem for this?} I wish Thebe was here [Tyler, the Creator] Therapy's been sinnin and niggaz getting offended They don't want to fuck with me cause I do not fuck with religion You see, that's my decision, you fuckers don't have to listen Here, put this middle finger in your ear {I'd rather not} When someone gets blamed cause some white kid had aimed his AK-47 at 47 kids I don't wanna see my name mentioned {I don't think anyone's going to} {I don't think anyone takes you serious enough to believe you} College wasn't workin and I wasn't workin So I was at home jerkin off until my dick was hurtin But I was determined to be great, so those classes can wait Cause the four days that I went, I wasn't learnin shit Now I'm living dreams that I wanted since eight and can afford to get my mother something on her birth-day {Well, you explained to me that you were in school} {But, I mean, I.. I..} They claim the shit I say is just wrong Like nobody has those really dark thoughts when alone I'm just a teenager, who admits he's suicide prone My life is doin pretty good, so that date is postponed for now Wow, life's a cute bitch full of estrogen And when she gives you lemons, nigga, throw 'em at pedestrians {So... what are you sayin take advantage?} {I mean, you've been doing pretty good, I've seen that} [Tyler, the Creator] I still live in my grandma's house Sell out a fucking show in London just to end up on couches I hate my fuckin life, but when I make that announcement my hero calls my phone, just to put that in doubt then and then I am confused if I want in or just out My friends really think I'm playin when I say I need counseling I sit in grandmother's living room and just pout And shout loud inside, sometimes I just want to die {no you don't} Odd Future came from the bottom And it's gonna take a couple armed armies tryin stop 'em {I believe you} All you fucking lames don't have to like me +The Devil+ doesn't +Wear Prada+ I'm clearly in a fuckin white tee!!! {Whoa~! Umm, alright! Uhh} {So you was telling me you went to New York} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator (OFWGKTA) Album: Goblin Song: Yonkers Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (Ah, Wolf, Haley... Golf, Wang...) [Tyler, the Creator] I'm a fuckin walking paradox, no I'm not Threesomes with a fuckin triceratops, Reptar Rappin as I'm mockin deaf rock stars Wearin synthetic wigs made of Anwar's dreadlocks Bedrock, harder than a muthafuckin Flintstone Makin crack rocks outta pussy nigga fishbones Hehehe! This nigga Jasper tryna get grown About 5'7"/five seven of his bitches in my bedroom Swallow the cinnamon, I'ma scribble this shinnin shit While Syd is tellin me that she's been gettin intimate with men (Syd, shut the FUCK up!) Here's the number to my therapist (Shit~!) Tell him all your problems, he's fuckin awesome with listenin Ah, Wolf, Haley... Ah, Golf, Wang... Ah, Wolf, Haley... Ah, Golf, fuckin Wang... Jesus called, he said he's sick of the disses I told him to quit bitchin, this isn't a fuckin hotline For a fuckin shrink, sheesh I already got mine And he's not fuckin workin', I think I'm wastin my damn time I'm clockin three past six and goin postal This the Revenge of the Dicks, that's nine cocks that cock nines This ain't no V Tech shit or Columbine But after bowlin, I went home for some damn Adventure Time (What'd you do?) I slipped myself some pink Zannies And danced around the house in all-over print panties My mom's gone, that fuckin broad will never understand me I'm not gay/+Gaye+, I just wanna boogie to some Marvin (What you think of Hayley Williams?) FUCK her! Wolf Haley robbin 'em I'll crash that fuckin +Airplane+ that that faggot nigga B.o.B is in And stab Bruno Mars in his GOD-damn esophagus and won't stop until the cops come in.. I'm a over-acheiver, so how 'bout I start a team of leaders And pick up Stevie Wonder to be the wide receiver Green paper, gold teeth and pregnant gold retrievers All I want, FUCK money, diamonds and bitches, don't need 'em But where the fat ones at? I got somethin to feed 'em It's some cooking books, the black kids never wanted to read 'em Snap back, green ch-ch-Chia fuckin leaves It's been a couple months, and Tina still ain't perm her fuckin weave, damn They say success is the best revenge So I beat DeShay up with the stack of magazines I'm in OH~! Not again! Another critic writin report I'm stabbin any bloggin faggot hipster with a Pitchfork Still suicidal? I am I'm Wolf, Tyler put this fuckin knife in my hand I'm Wolf, Ace gon' put that fuckin hole in my head And I'm Wolf, that was me who shoved a cock in your bitch (What the fuck, man?) Fuck the fame and all the hype, G I just wanna know if my father would ever like me But I don't give a FUCK so he's probably just like me! A mutha -- fuckin -- Goblin (FUCK EVERYTHING, MAN) That's what my conscience said Then it bunny hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit...  Dead. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Radicals Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Tyler + Hodgy] RANDOM DISCLAIMEEER.. [Tyler - Intro] Hey, don't do anything that I say in this song, okay? It's fuckin fiction If anything happens, don't fuckin blame me, White America Fuck Bill O'Reilly! Four, three, two, one...  [Tyler, the Creator] What THE FUCK I look like, sayin I'm sorry to a bunch of fuckin fags that can't potentially harm me?! I ain't NEVER gonna bow down to your expectations By the way, I got sixty fuckin WOLVES that'll guard me That skate hard, Thrash black hoodies, try somethin Make sure your fuckin feelings end up up in a Glad bag FUCK all yo' opinions, I'm tyin 'em with a shoestring And FUCK the fat lady, it's OVER when all the kids sing KILL PEOPLE, BURN SHIT, FUCK SCHOOL KILL PEOPLE, BURN SHIT, FUCK SCHOOL KILL PEOPLE, BURN SHIT, FUCK SCHOOL KILL PEOPLE, BURN SHIT, FUCK SCHOOL I'M FUCKIN RADICAL, NIGGA! I'M FUCKIN RADICAL I'M FUCKIN RADICAL, A MOTHERFUCKIN RADICAL! I'M FUCKIN RADICAL, NIGGA! I'M FUCKIN RADICAL I'M FUCKIN RADICAL, A MOTHERFUCKIN RADICAL! [Interlude with "Left, right, left, right" chanted in the background] Odd Future Wolf Gang...We came together 'cause... We ain't had nobody else...But you... You just might be one of us... Are you? [Tyler, the Creator] FUCK cops, I'm a fuckin rock star Rebellion and defiance makes my muthafuckin COCK hard! FUCK pigs, FUCK guards, all some fuckin retards FUCK school, I'm a FUCK-up! FUCK Harv-ard I ain't got no fuckin money (Hey mom!) I ain't got no motherfuckin daddy, he ain't teach me SHIT~! Child support ain't come, that faggot STILL ain't bought me anything FUCK the fat lady, it's OVER when all the kids sing [Interlude with "Left, right, left, right" chanted in the background] They want us to, go to they schools and... Be fuckin miserable at they fuckin college, studyin that bullshit... Fuck dat...Do what the FUCKIN makes you happy 'Cause at the end...who's there?... You [Chorus 2X] [Interlude] You hear that, nigga? That's CULT shit right there, nigga Wolf Gang, FUCK everybody else, nigga! Stand for something, get money, nigga! Wolf Gang in this bitch, nigga, we six feet deep! FUCK wit me, nigga! Odd Future nigga! Stand the fuck up [Another interlude with "Left, right, left, right" chanted in the background] I'm not, sayin, just to go out and do some stupid shit Commit crimes, all I'm tryna tell you is, do what the fuck you want Stand for what the fuck you believe in and don't let NOBODY tell you you can't do what the fuck you want I'm a fucking unicorn, the FUCK to anybody who say I'm not Wolf, Gang [Bridge - Repeat 3X] FUCK your tradition, FUCK your positions FUCK your religion, FUCK your decisions They're not mine, you gotta let 'em go We can be ourselves, but you gotta let us know {*beat changes*} You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go You gotta let 'em....go You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go You gotta let 'em....go  You gotta let 'em go, let 'em go {*continue chantings through the outro*} [Outro: Dr. TC] (Tyler, the Creator) You gotta let these shits go, man It's not making sense to you right now but.. All these little dreams you got, they're not shit All this rebellion...  All this crazy shit you got, sayin this shit... Gettin too old for this shit, man, you gotta grow out of it... Growin up, your dreams are gettin bigger... You gotta look at reality, understand that shit so you don't get caught... I'm just being real... (Nigga, FUCK you!) I'm just tryin to help you man... Trust me... (Look, I mature day after day nigga) F'real? (You don't know shit, you're a fucking therapist) Whatever, nigga... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean Album: Goblin Song: She Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Frank Ocean] Golden rubbers in these denim pockets (denim pockets) On my waist, there's a black Glock (black Glock) New girl moved on the block (on the block) She been plottin on my brown cock (brown cock) Last night, I slept over hers (over hers)  During sex, I overheard (I overheard) A sword sliced the air, I pulled out the na-na Rolled off the bed, then shot back - pow-pow Blood on the sheets, probably spillin from my gash Looked out the glass, seen you sprintin on the grass ..A real ninja with the blade and the mask Got them gold ninja stars and red Supreme nunchuks Now she tryna patch me up, but.. Girl, I was just tryna get a nut bust If that's yo' ex, you should probably own a pistol But I'm guessin it's wiser to exit with dude [Chorus: Frank Ocean] The blinds wide open so he can see you in the, dark when you're sleepin Naked body, fresh out the shower And you touch yourself after hours Ain't no man allowed in your bedroom You're sleeping alone in bed But check your window...  He's at your window... [Tyler, the Creator] Swag... The night light hits off, I'm turnin kisses to BITES I'm a down to Earth nigga, with intentions, that's right You'll be down in Earth quicker if you diss me tonight But I'll be the happiest if you decide to kick it tonight We can chill and I can act like I don't wanna FUCK You can tell me all your problems like I really give one (Nope!) But I give two for us 'cause you're the one that I want Don't wanna seem like a punk pussy that simps over punk pussy See when I'm with my friends I just put on a front But in the back of my top, I'm writin songs about we We as including +I+, and yourself, makin three Little ones, drums are hittin pretty hard if you ask me (Yeah..) You're a pretty broad in the top three of things that I've been waitin to come, so Meet me by the lake around ten and skinny dippin and then We can begin the pretend game, I wanna be Finn from Adventure in Time [Bridge: Tyler] One, two, you're the girl that I want Three, four, five, six, seven, shit Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin go-rgeous Gorgeous, baby you're gorgeous I just wanna drag your lifeless body to the forest and fornicate, with it but that's because I'm in love with you (...cunt) I just wanna talk, and conversate 'Cause I usually just stalk, you and masturbate And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date So just say yes, let the future fall into place (Cunt~!)  I just wanna talk, and conversate 'Cause I usually just stalk, you and masturbate And I finally got the courage to ask you on a date So just say yes, let the future fall into place, cunt [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Tyler] One, two, you're the girl that I want Three, four, five, six, seven, shit Eight is the bullets if you say no after all this And I just couldn't take it, you're so motherfuckin go-rgeous (Gorgeous...) {*woman screams*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Transylvania Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Left Brain, Wolf Haley Golf Wang, Free Earl uhh~! [Tyler, the Creator] God damn I love women Daydream about penis being in 'em Meet them with a big grin with a Mac-10 rope, katana, and then I skin 'em All beige suit made out of white women with the red lipstick, dancin to John Lennon with the red splattered jeans made out of blue denim They can catch me in the spot where the sun don't shine Bitch don't mind me, shake yo' hiney The only motherfuckin Wolf here that spit venom You're a bad bitch with a real good kitten and I got the appetite of them fat black women Wolf Gang in this bitch with a bunch of rats with 'em Lookin like the holocaust with Supreme hats with 'em I am tryin to get Ms. Piggy by the motherfuckin hairs of her chinny chin chin - umm What's that? The cock of a black dude Mad cause his daughter got the swag of a vacuum (aww, fuck it) Fuck it I'll take her to the back room dungeon, fighting and punching And now the slut is under the fuckin assumption that I will be fuckin and munchin her muffin Cunt will be bleeding, but that's not from the time signature of the month, ummm (It's because) I'm Dracula bitch Don't got a problem smacking a bitch Kidnappin, attackin, with axes and shit 'til I grab them throats and start smackin them shits (It's because) I'm Dracula bitch Don't got a problem smackin a bitch Kidnappin, attackin, with axes and shit 'til she decides to take Dracula's dick [Tyler, the Creator] God damn I love bitches Especially when they only suck dick and wash dishes cook and clean and grant my wishes and make me and the Wolf Gang sandwiches Transylvania crypt let's take a tour titch try getting through that black trap door keep yelling and workin them vocal chords And that'll be more of a reason that you'll get slapped up, for Is that Ford trunk's comfy? (Fuck you!) {Fuck me? No, fuck Buffy} That little bitch keeps trying to hunt me Jumping over gates, what the fuck she want from me? She keeps... sending me garlic How many times I gotta tell her I'm allergic? (I like your cape) Oh this Bathing Ape cape? Bitch, I got it for a bargain at the neighborhood Target Fangs are sharp, and I hope you know that all I really want from you is that throat I can't eat pussy cause I might leave cuts then there's blood on my sheets, but that might be a plus On the channel, a fucking animal leakin like pairs of candles Bitch, is it hard to handle? I don't want a bride, I just want bone marrow [Outro] Bite her in her fuckin neck Bite her in her fuckin neck Bottom of the fuckin lake Bottom of the fuckin lake Call my gang of wolves and bats Call my gang of wolves and bats It's a full moon tonight and these hoes ain't actin right It's because I'm Dracula bitch (Swag, swag, swag) {It's because} Left Brain, Wolf Haley Free Earl, Golf Wang Golf Wang, Golf Wang Golf Wang, it's the fuckin Golf Wang It's the fuckin Golf Wang, I'm the fuckin Golf Wang Nigga this is Golf Wang, fuck yo' family Golf Wang Kill that bitch it's Golf Wang~!!! With a sound like this Golf Wang~!!! That fuckin neck is... I am from that Golf Wang {GOLF WANG~!!!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Nightmare Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {So... you tell me that everythin just isn't goin well} {Well, first off} [Tyler, the Creator] My only problem is death Fuck heaven! I ain't showin no religion respect Brain damage, therapy's the only thing I regret Talkin to me is like a fuckin body missin a neck But, I'm surprised I ain't pop off my top off Life is a bitch and my cock's soft, the Glock's cocked My hands trembled, my finger's slipped, the wall's red Her life is fucked, she's sad now, her son is dead [Chorus: repeat 2X] I told her I'm her worst nightmare This is hell, you don't ever gotta fight fair My spirit floats around in the night air or in your day dreams, that's how death seems [Tyler, the Creator] When I was younger I would smile a lot I'm gettin older, gettin bolder, but a wiser top Now I'm drunk drivin, lap's full of Budweiser tops Life is a movie and you're just a prop They begged me to stop, but I listen like deaf drums Love? I don't get none That's why I'm so hostile to the kids that get some My father called me to tell me he loved me I'd have a better chance of gettin Taylor Swift to fuck me Annoying and I'm ugly, most niggaz wanna punch me I'm surprised the fuckin doctor even touched me Feel like Humpty, you hopin that I'll fall? Fuck y'all I'm Ace, I'm parentless, odd, kinda arrogant Ignorant as fuck, offend people for the hell of it because I am the devil, fucker get on my level Doughnuts and ki's and kick-flips Supremes and markers My life is Ms. Monique Parker But a little darker I'll see you in a couple O.F. {Tyler, here's some water man, you...} {You seem a little tense...} {How's uh... how's Thebe?} [Tyler, the Creator] All because a nigga just don't give a fuck Parents wanna blame me all because their kid is fuckin up But fuck that, you're a shitty parent, face it, suck it up!! That's what you shoulda did before that nigga bust, huh Feel like I missed my little brother growin up Feel like my little brother missed his brother growin up But this is Golf Wang, like he missed his family growin up I got a little taller since the last time you seen me bruh Now I'm emo, so fuck it, I'm po'n up But I never had a drink (Sydney, Tyler's throwin up!) My nigga Jasper said if I drink and get drunk enough I won't feel the feelings I be feelin when I'm sobered up But that's a fuckin lie, why would he say that I'm as emotionally straight as Travis when he's... {Tyler, calm down} Don't look at me, I'm 6'5", about to fuckin cry about another guy, but this is Golf Wang, do or die I finally had a family Domo's in another state, and where the fuck is Riley? Now you niggaz wanna be nice because the labels wanna sign me but before the co-signin and you fuckers couldn't find me? Fuck that! I hope you die in a fiery death One ear I got kids screamin, "O.F. is the best" The other ear I got Tron Cat, askin where the bullets and the bombs at so I can kill these levels of stress, shit They say that I'm shock value How about you hop off cock and turn volume down? I haven't got around to tellin my mom shit {why?} Cause I don't know how to... {whoa} All I want is her support, whenever the fight's at home when mommy cusses out cousin, some knives get shown Now she's really fuckin' pissed, so the knives get thrown And hit her in her fuckin neck, now her throat's all gone Lookin like a fuckin monster from the Twilight Zone Then they wonder why I stay at Travis' pad with a backpack for the whole week, full of plastic-wrapped black tees and deodorant like his house is my home I could live with the same hat And the same flat-screen TV watchin Flapjack And the same bacon and waffles on a nice Saturday where I skate with the same fuckin friends that didn't give a fuck about fame or a name, oh "Message from the GZA, oh, another one from Plain Pat" E-mail full of e-mails, I never write back Ain't kill myself yet, and I already want my life back [Tyler, the Creator] One shot, two shots, one gun, two cops I'm blowin them flu shots, couldn't kill me with two top rockers You on the side of faggots and cock blockers I'm on the side of bad-ass kids and the top notches I'm +Barney+, +Dinosaur+ Harley of a human Cause I'm shroomin with the bangers and the carneys You niggaz can't harm me cause y'all know that we at the fuckin Dirty like it's laundry {Tyler, calm down} Nigga, get off me {Calm down, man} Fuck off me man, fuck {what's gotten into you?} I don't know, it's like I'm a different person at times Sometimes I'm fuckin mad, sometimes I'm not {yeah, you...} As though I got a fuckin voice in my head Tellin me to do all this fucked up shit, man {yeah, what's this?} I don't fuckin know, man {what's this person named then, Tyler, huh?} He tells me to do this shit, that I don't wanna fuckin do {What's his name?} Tron Cat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Tron Cat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] La la la, laaaa La la laaaaaa {*AUGHHHHHH!*} [Tyler, the Creator] Satan's gettin jealous of the wolves, the demons say they preferrin us Books on not givin a fuck is what they referrin us (Wolf Gang) Wolves, I know you heard of us, we're murderous And young enough to get the fuckin priest to come and flirt with us You niggaz rap about fuckin bitches and gettin head Instead I rap about fuckin bitches and gettin heads While you niggaz stackin bread, I can stack a couple dead bodies Makin red look less of a color, more of a hobby I'm not a rapper, nor a rapist, nor a racist I fuck bitches with no permission and tend to hate shit Brag about the actions in a rhymin pattern matter then proceed to sat her down when I go splatter in her chatterbox Atta boy, Odd Future, you're not in our categore' Torture with the super soaker at the Asian liquor store This the type of shit that make a Chris Brown want to kick a whore that make songs about the wet blockers when it rains and pours (Umbrella) I hate this, screamin fuck patience Got a nigga shakin like the calmest fuckin Haitian after chronic masturbation, askin where Mary-Kate went I want to be the reasons why all lesbians hate dick I make this damn +Bullwinkle+ the red +Moose+ Game of duck-duck-duct tape with a dead goose She run around this motherfuckin dungeon, her legs loose until I accidentally get the saw to her head, oops [Tyler, the Creator] Victim, victim, honey you're my fifth one Honey on that toppin when I stuff you in my system Rape a pregnant bitch and tell my friends I had a threesome You got a fuckin death wish? I'm a genie, it'll get done Nice to meet you, but it's more pleasant to eat you with a leaf of salad and some dressing pourin out a teacup Bitch, I'm Tyler the Creature, suck your feet up like a beach of leeches Rubber more than the fuckin bottom of a sneaker J+eeper+ the fuckin +Creeper+, get your daughter and keep her In the jeeps where the Wolf Gang rides around deeper Take her to Ladera, now she's scared and you're embarrassed Filled with terror, chop her legs off and tell her to run some errands Put her eyes in a canteen, take her to the Berrics Stare at Steve, say it costs ten to fuck Eric Put her in the lake, her body sinks great Now it's time to +Fish-her+ like +Derek+ Satan says we're dangerous, we're trading kids for angel dust and snuff and sniff, and now that Michael Jackson's tryin to suck our dick Hippopot the fuckin llamas, dead bodies, cheerleading squaders Gave the team a bunch of fuckin bees and the Keke Palmer They will never catch him or catch up They asked me what it was, I told them fuckers it was ketchup Nutty like my Chex Mix, she bleeding from her rectum Odd Future wolves stirring ruckus, throwing sets up Yep~! [Tyler, the Creator] This the type of shit that make children break in apartments when you tell a fuckin orphan you don't love them 'til they heart thin (I hate you!) Starve her 'til I carve her then I shove her in the Rover where I cut her like a barber with a Parkinson's Disorder Store her in a portable freezer with me to Portland Catch me with a bunch of fuckin Mexicans crossin the border (arriba!) I'll be the only wetback who ain't really touched the water cause I'll be too fuckin busy trin to flirt with Jesus' daughter (Fuck Mary) I'm awesome, and I fuck dolphins Sicker than the starvin Nigerian kids barfing Odd Future Wolf Gang, Nazi bar mitzvah wit'cha sister at the bar playin leg and arm twister Evident that I'm the shit, I'm the +Pooh+ like +Tigger+ dick I got these cracker doctors saying, "Yeah Bob this nigger's sick" Animal safari, if I offend you I'm sorry because I'm the blackest skinhead since India Arie I don't smoke weed, so no need for the matches I said fuck coke and now I'm snortin Hitler's ashes I plan on either dying for suicide or my asthma being the only bastard in a Box logo casket Rashes on my dick from licks of shishkabob Sagets in some Kanye West glasses screamin out "fuck faggots" Catch me in my attic takin photos of my dad's dick Drop the beat here to make it extra climactic {What the fuck?} {I'm... speechless... that was... fuck} {Shit, Tyler, you're gonna need some help} {I'm not a... fuck it, different subject} {How's that girl you were tellin me about?} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Her Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Oh I don't need the metronome bruh... ayyy! Made the 'caine, you make the 'caine When you wanna be-ahhhh Wanna eat, all the cheese in the store, in the store, in the store In the store yeah yeah yeah (aight) [Tyler, the Creator] (It's this girl) she lives next door to the store that I loiter at We talk every night, she cry to me about her guy And if we text, I get pissed when I get no reply (It's this girl) I know that she's the key to love She is who I'm thinking of, when I am beating Richard up to mental images her face look The closest that I got is when I'm poking her on Facebook (This girl) video chats are so exciting Cause it's like she is inviting me to her world full of privacy Yeah; I'm getting gassed up, I think she's liking me She's gullible and I just wanna take it like a pirate (This girl) I see her in class Not really two doors down, but anytime that I pass to take a piss in a stall, I picture us in the hall Lockin lips on the wall, her hand grabbin my dick My left hand on her tits, aww my shit's getting hard From thoughts of dating this bitch... (It's this girl) her name is my password Fuck~! [Tyler, the Creator] (Girl) all my niggaz got they bitches and stuff but all the bitches they fuck, are known as bitches and sluts but she's special, I know to y'all I come off as rough But I'm the nicest to her, and I just want to concur a relation, I want the cheesy dates at the movies And stupid walks at the beach, and sharin straws in a cup I never had that, so when we holdin hands walkin home I look past that, the fact that she's fuckin guys that I hate But, things are lookin great, cut copy Last time we talk she said that her relationship was +Rocky+ (action) Now that Mr. Fag is gone, there's no one that can stop me From bagging her, I got these tickets to the Roxy (Girl) Next day metro's taking me home I see her in a cut at Wendy's, but she's not alone Who's that guy? Fuck wait, why the fuck he 'bout to kiss her? Come to find out she got back with her... nigga Damn - damn... fuck (it's this girl) [Tyler, the Creator] (It's this girl) she's so pretty Fuck self pity, I feel so shitty I wanna text her in a jealous rage but if she reply to say anything, I'ma smile I know What do I do with myself? Sit in my room for some days Play Xbox and piles full of wet socks? Fuck that (Girl) [Tyler, the Creator] My nigga ask, "Ace - what happened to such and such?" I could slander her name, and then tell him I probably fucked or I could tell him the truth, and just say she ain't like me much But instead I lie and say she moved to Nebraska... (It's this girl... but she's not mine) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Goblin Song: Sandwitches Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Odd Future, Wolf Gang~! They are them, we are us Kill them... all (do it) Wolf, Gang, Wolf, Gang Wolf, Gang, Wolf, Gang (c'mon) Wolf, Gang, Wolf, Gang Wolf, Gang, bitch bitch over there yell it c'mon Wolf, Gang, Wolf, Gang Say it loud, like you mean it! Wolf, Gang... Wolf, Gang This nigga had the fuckin nerve to call me immature The fuck you think I made Odd Future for? To wear fuckin suits and make good decisions? Fuck that nigga, Wolf Gang [Tyler, the Creator] Who the fuck invited Mr. I Don't Give a Fuck who cries about his daddy in a blog because his music sucks? (I did!) Well you fuckin up, and truthfully I had enough and FUCK +Rolling Papers+ I'm a rebel bitch I'm ashin blunts (Sorry) Full of shit, like I ate that john Come on kids, fuck that class and hit that bong Let's buy guns and kill those kids with dads and mom with nice homes, 41K's, and nice-ass lawns Those privileged fucks gotta learn that we ain't takin no shit like Ellen Degeneres clitoris is playin with dick I'm jealous as shit, cause I ain't got no home meal to come to So if you do, I'm throwin fingers out screamin "fuck you" I got ten of these, Kennedy's; not Dom But if I was a Dahm' I would be Jeffery 'preme hat the color of a leprechaun with leprosy I'm fuckin "Bout It Bout It" like I'm Master P in ninety-six It's fuckin immaculate, the way your daughter smackin dicks Surprised she hasn't taken gymnastic dick inside her alley oop The Golf Wang hooligans is fuckin up the school again and showin you and yours that breakin rules is fuckin cool again (Oh I don't think so) I'm goin harder than a midget jumping over me Chronic youth, I'm shovin blunt wraps in bitches ovaries Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be Fuck a mask, I want that hoe to know it's me Ungh~! Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang It's the Wolf Gang, it's the Wolf Gang It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang It's the Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang Wolf Gang, triple six crew It's the Wolf Gang, Golf Wang Wolf, Gang, Kill, Them [Hodgy Beats] My love is gone for you mommy, you could ride in hearses I'm sick in the brain dumb bitch, can you nurse this? You told me life would never ever ever get this perfect Then you smoked a J of weed and take his kids to the churches Uhhhhhhh fuck church~! They singin and the shit ain't even worth it In the choir, whores and liars, scumbags and the dirt, bitch You told me God was the answer When I asked him for shit, I get no answer, so God is the cancer I'm stuck in triangles, lookin for my angel Kill me with a chainsaw and let my balls dangle Triple six is my number, you can get it off my Tumblr! Ha ha ha ha [Hodgy Beats] It was hilarious, well it ain't fuckin funny now I'll push this fuckin pregnant clown into a hydrant stuck in the ground I step through the stomach, replace the baby with some fuckin pounds "My baby daddy shoot bricks, the nigga also shoot rounds" Cause if I shoot blanks, oops, thanks I'm right back in it dead yummy and her mildew stank [Tyler, the Creator] Uhhhhh... Free Earl, that's the fuckin shit And if you disagree, suck a couple pimple-covered dicks Um... Wolf Gang, that's the fuckin clique Golf Wang Kill Them All nigga, triple six Fuck 2DopeBoyz, all them niggaz bitches We don't need y'all, The Fader's who we really fuckin with ... bitch! [Outro] Umm, and... we don't fuckin make horrorcore, you fuckin idiots Listen deeper than the music before you put it in a box Wolf Gang The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean Album: Goblin Song: Fish Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Slip it in her drink; and in the blink of an eye I can make a white girl look chink Don't know what to think, cause last time I attempted this shit the judge ordered me to see a shrink Started with the link, contended her to meet me at the local Odd Future Wolf Gang skating rink We was uniquely in sync Already fuckin and we only met last week We're both young, not yet antique So her mindset was working for my technique Tell her that I love her and by next week you can hear her shriek from the gashes in her cheeks No I'm not a freak, I am meekly a creep that neighbors by the creek say that my house stinks and it wreaks of a chic girl Streaks of red, even though all pussy is pink Oblivion makes obvious seeks which makes meats for my obvious feasts Used to just blot up thoughts, plot and rethink Now I get daughters and tie them and clink Got my dick harder than iron and zinc Now they just rot up, arms caught in the sink Where they get cut up to fit my physique Critique my chic in this brand new mink, go! ... Yeah, Wolf Gang ... [Tyler, the Creator] Bitches running 'round, down, pussy take a trip Make you strip, got my dick harder than the unzipped Tyler swift-ly slips his dick inside of Taylor Swift's slit Round trip in that pussy, here comes a ticket Film clips poppin on that Canon, bustin odder mind cannons On the pill, is he real? Gaza strip-ping In my living room, Wolf Gang full moon I'm assuming mushrooms, I'm a necro-lampoon Not of Charles Mansoon, this fuck is end-ing soon because I'm e-jac-u-lat-ing [Frank Ocean] Now I'd like to take this time of day to thank, the Mother Earth Thank you mother, thank you momma Letting the sun shine down on the lake while I fish the waters Ooh, hide your daughters, hide your sisters Hell hide grandmama too (graaaaaaand) Cause the fisherman's rapin everybody in the pool He on the loose, yeah [Tyler, the Creator] Got to wash it down, all this gold is fuckin bait Wait until you see the semen swimmin baby Please not half the hole is great Morals? Your body's near that coral reef It was once upon a time you came home with me then the next chapter left you in my teeth Fill your gills with goo Going deeper than Pacific Ocean This specific motion makes this hammerhead puke Got to wear a wetsuit, can't get seasick I love when you're in fishnets You want me to eat you? You're fuckin wet... fish The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Boppin' Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] So I met, this girl, at the club And I just wanted, her, to suck my dick and that's cause (She's a boppin' bitch) {*4X*} Now she's drunk, and talkin, to me a lot Until we go, to, another room and that's cause (She's a boppin' bitch) {*4X*} [Tyler, the Creator] This little slut whore, sucks cock for a little more bucks than them other sluts fuck for, real easy Cause I didn't even knocked on the front door I used the welcome mat as a cum rag And all the Wolves fucked too, yeah she's a cum bag Filled with a bunch of shit I purchased at a drug store Four more +Dora+ lookin sluts let me +Explore+ until my cock got sore and started growing cold sores Now she thinks, that, I like her But all I really, wanted, was that mouth and that's cause (She's a boppin' bitch) {*4X*} Now she text messages me, every day And I don't ever, hit, that bitch back and that's because... that's because (She's a boppin' bitch) {*4X*} [Tyler, the Creator] This little hoodrat, started jockin at my jock strap until my uncircumcised penis finally unwrapped Flappin up and down until the cack finally go splat Now you gotta spat and spit it out until you do scat Then you gotta sat and shit it out {*pbt*} Ungh~! Bitch, fuck yo' feelings You wasn't feelin shit when you was down there kneelin Now shut the fuck up you got another dick to deal with [Interlude] Now, now why can't we fuck with this bitch? (She's boppin') Wait, tell him why we can't fuck with this bitch? (That bitch she boppin') What is she? She a BB, what does that stand for? (She boppin') She, what do she be doin? (She boppin') Now I'm at, a, fuckin clinic Cause my dick is, swollen, and keeps itchin Nigga, I'ma kill this bitch (She's a boppin' bitch) {*3X*} [Outro] Where's my gun? (She boppin') I'ma kill this bitch (that bitch is boppin') To all my niggaz out there listenin That bitch (she boppin') And don't let her suck your dick or you'll get hurt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Goblin Song: Analog Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Tyler, the Creator] I can grab the fireworks, the soda, or the cookies We can eat, make you nauseous but be cautious, this is not Dawson's Creek We could sneak away, fuck it, you could bring an eighth I'm not gon' smoke but I'm just askin baby could you meet me by the lake? (Said bring a towel) Well baby meet me by the lake (bathing suit it's goin down) Shit, just meet me by the lake (we could count the shootin stars) Well could you meet me by the lake? (Summer never has to end) With me [Hodgy Beats] I'ma give it to her, she want that summertime I'm give it like no other cause she knows I'm herrrrs And damn right she's mine, we both know it So when we separate everything fine, her phone ringin in her purrrrse Damn right it's me; I'm her nigga, nigga Come for mines in summertime, I'ma bust that trigger, nigga Catch us Venice Beachin, she wanna go shoppin Sundown at the club cause she like to get it poppin Sangria on my freedmind cause she likes to get it poppin No ecstasy for her, but she wanna get it poppin Drop toppin, I measure her pleasure then drop in when she get out of place I quantinize She is my concubine, I am her porcupine I poke her face her throat for taste give me head like I'm on her mind I know her analyzation, so when she try to fake summertime in the boat of love, meet me by the lake [Tyler, the Creator] I packed a couple sandwiches inside that basket and brought some extra towels if anyone was askin We should take a dip, in that lake quick, and then split Then do somethin that's beyond what we both can imagine [Outro] {*12X background: Watch the sunset, we can watch the sunset*} Have a drink, look in the sky Never have to leave, look - there goes a rainbow We can sit here, all night School is in session, look - there goes a rainbow Look, you know The water's pretty deep - let's go to sleep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Jasper Dolphin, Taco Album: Goblin Song: Bitch Suck Dick Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Jasper Dolphin] Aww shit~! Three icey-ass niggaz from Odd Future doin some crazy shit By the way, we do punch bitches! Heh... I'm swaggin bitch (swag) I'm iced out Oh you mad bitch cause I'm layin on the couch Smoke a blunt, fuck a bitch, in the butt, I'm bossin Don't give a fuck, I never roll Slausson I'm fly bitch, I should poke you in yo' eyelids Got the burner bitch - bow, bow You dead bitch! I'm hot as fuck I ain't never cold, but I'm icey bitch!! [Chorus: repeat 4X] My bitch suck dick like she suck dick [Tyler, the Creator] Got the bops in the house, sockin bitches in they mouth See my neck, iced the fuck out (I'm gettin money nigga) At the fuckin mall, 40 bitches on my nutsac I pulled up on a motherfuckin unicorn (I'm gettin ponies nigga) Wolf Gang nigga! Scream that 'til they motherfuckin show me death Golf Wang nigga, Free Earl better show some motherfuckin respect All this ice around my neck, all this ice around my dick Gun to her head, make yo' bitch massage my shoulders [Taco] Shut up bitch! (Shut up bitc!) Suck my dick (suck my nuts) You fuckin bop, you better swallow it I got a chain with a fuckin platinum plaque on it Is that a hundred dollar bill? I'll shit on it I bought a fuckin whale... cause I'm ballin Yo' bitch work for me, she my dish washer Swag on my dick, 30 thousand million Nigga (nigga) nigga [Jasper Dolphin] You boppin bitch (question mark) You like this dick? We all know why cause youse a boppin bitch I got the burner, I pop you in your lip Zoom-zoom yeah, I'm goin fast bitch I'm loud as fuck (loud as fuck) I'm ignorant (ignorant) Punch a bitch in her mouth just for talkin shit You lurkin bitch? Well, I see that shit Once again I gotta punch a bitch, in her shit I'm icey bitch, don't look at my wrist (at my wrist) Because if you do (if you do) I might blind you bitch Mount Everest ain't fuckin with my fuckin wrist Fuck global warming, this the Ice Age bitch (Bitch suck dick) [Outro] Swag, swag, punch a, bitch {*8X*} Yo yo, Japser, Taco, got my niggaz man I love y'all niggaz, I'm sorry {*gunshots*} (OW! WHAT THE FUCK?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Domo Genesis, Frank Ocean, Hodgy Beats, Mike G Album: Goblin Song: Window Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {Tyler we uhh} {I, I know it's short notice but I} {I I brought all your friends here} {For some reason I couldn't get a hold of Taco and Jasper but} {I just brought all your friends to talk to you cause} {They're really worried about you} {I thought it would be better if, they could talk to you} [Domo Genesis] It was all a dream, I used to read Complex magazines When I rhyme I'm tryin to get pictures in High Times Smoke trees and see my dreams hangin in the skyline Swanton bomb off the bed into a fine dime In my mind I'm just tryin to smoke the finest and get high stickin bad heinas in vaginas I'm the flyest when it come to this, fire when I come to spit I am gettin higher when the lighter comes in front of this I'm a stoner yeah, yeah, yeah you get the picture now 30 thousand feet gon' make it hard for me to simmer down Another flight, another beat, another city, wow Thus another couple bitches cryin when I kick 'em out Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? Where we at? We on top of the world, where we at? We on top of the world, where we at? [Frank Ocean] And five minutes from suicide, I biked it to the park I walked onto the block, met a guy, burgundy 'Preme snap-back Hurlin himself at cars, and flirting with blonde Cadillacs All was great, all was great, Frankie had the blues in fact Bunch of pale hipster girls; pretty, but they booty flat Teenage males, couldn't tell, I was going through with that And had a wallet full of cream, Amex Green, Beamer almost black Parked in front the studio +Bastard+'s recorded at Earl, Gilbert, Tyler, Hodgy, Domo, Left, Taco, Nakel Sydney, Lionel, Juan, Michael, Jasper, Hal and Matt Bet I'm missing several but I had to bring that pattern back We live inside a house that says FUCK 'EM on the welcome mat Deep inside the ear canals of Bill O'Reilly's daughters that's, where I'm at - now where we at? Where we at, uh-huh, Wolf Gang, where we at? [Hodgy Beats] Swell motions give promotions, to my whole team Hell yeah I smoke weed cause I like to go green Professor Beats educates niggaz let me proceed Shine chandelier bright, might give you nose bleeds We at Randy's ordering that 306 Milk and glaze is the greeko mix me yo' bitch is cummin along, yeah she hum to my song Singin like they were for her, but they were for the blur No longer, but we weren't premature, immature She's unsure, I'm for sure, blouse and dress and my shirt on the floor then pick it up, out the door, door chased an imaginary friend, a reverie absorption Impregnate the dream until it has an abortion Where we at? Where we at? Where we, we on top of the world On top of the world, nigga top of the world [Mike G] Everything they say I'd never have, I'm seein Now I bet they see that we ballin like All-Star Weekend Always been the most cool, they chase our shade They say life switches pace when you got shit made So I'm just tryin to get paid, don't you remember the days when your dreams were the only thing that kept you sane? And too often they think that they could stop me Now every show we makin half a Maserati And the only thing blockin me is paparazzi Now it's gold Rolexs if they try to clock me Everything stays in the box like fighters in hockey Miss me if you're thinkin we slack, work hard I got the world sayin every single +Friday+ is +Black+ Took your bitch, you ain't gettin her back Cause she know - where we at nigga? Where we at nigga? Uhh, we on top of the world, on top of the world [Tyler, the Creator] Where we at, where we at niggaz? Where we at?! Where the fuck we at man~?! Y'all niggaz don't know me Huh - WHERE WE AT? Down to fuckin Earth, huh? Down to fuckin Earth, huh Fuck everybody, here goes some extra girth sir You fucking critics are making my nerves hurt Since I'm saying fuck everybody I guess that I'm a fuckin per-vert My window is a book, and I'm a fuckin crook stealin phones to call home but the line is off the hook My mom ain't paid the bill, guess I can't pay it either I ain't signed a fuckin deal yet But when I do, Clancy and Dave are to take a percentages that could pay the whole fucking city's mortgage Hopefully I make a lot of porridge from tourin in fuckin Oregon From playing piano organs and hopefully I can pay the bill Shit is getting real, people begin to feel like I'm changing, but their complaining making big fuckin deals about some shit, they bitch and pout (Can we get backstage man?) No faggot, it's sold out!! (Come on why you holding out, I though we was boys) (Without me you wouldn't be Tyler, the Creator) (You're from the Dirty, I can tell whenever you perform (A leopard can't change it's spots) but I'm a fuckin unicorn (Whatever man!!) Look; you can't stop me, I'm going +Full Monty+ Fuck that, I'm Hitler, everyone's a fucking Nazi Wolf Gi-di-dang you be roamin where the fox be And I be where, anybody cares I try to preach "Fuck age, live dreams and have fun" (Here's some give-a-fuck cake) Oh, maybe I should have some (Asshole, have none!) How can I wake up on the wrong side of the bed when I don't even fuckin have one? (Shit I don't know) When I'm on that stage I feel important A whole fuckin assortment of children that's takin Ritalin because the teacher said that the therapist wasn't feelin him You gotta be fucking kidding me... At school I was a zero, now I'm every boy's hero and they fear it, you can hear it when that little fucker's reciting my lyrics Yeah I'm rebel nigga, cheer it Dead parents everywhere, it's +Smelling Like Teen Spirit+ Okay, fuck it - Elvis has left the building {*gunshots and screaming*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Golden Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {Tyler you... obviously have some fuckin problems} {And, this is, this is the end of this session} {Let's... anythin else you've gotta say? [Tyler, the Creator] Mom is gettin jealous I see my manager more than I see her before, I go on tour and it hurts {yeah} I miss the days when this was fun but now it turned into work And getting legal, so now I got to watch the shit that I blurt.. out {As you should...} My friends are turning into opposites because my life is turnin into opposite of sloppy wrist And all the bitches who forgot about me want to ride my dick Harder than the white kids who copy shit Endinh it is all I fuckin think about That's the shit I think about All alone, bawlin 'til my muh'fuckin eyes bleed See, he's a leader in person and smile shit gets disgursting when there's no person around, talkin discussion shit Man fuck {I'm here to talk} I'm putting myself at a distance For instance, my best friend is now my fucking assistant {Who Travis?} Niggaz sayin "Free Earl" without even knowin him See they're missing a new album, I'm missing my only friend {You have, everyone around you} {You're with 30 friends a day, I don't see what it is} {I mean it's not like you don't have anyone to talk to} {I'm here for you~! I'm your friend} [Interlude] When I say Odd, y'all say Future Odd... uh-uh nah that shit is corny as fuck {You do admit, you have a cult following, you're...} To these white kids? {Oh my gosh!} [Tyler, the Creator] Charbroiled nigger on these dark beats Nauseous with the Nazi but it's normal what the cops see Awesome at his concert, but he never had a pop see Mommy was a +Living Single+ +Queen+, with a +Lati'+ So while my wallets piling with some symbolic colored paper I - lace her, cause she gave me such a lot at such a young age Twenty, why didn't she get that abortion? Probably cause that motherfuckin embryo was morphing into a Grammy winning schizophrenic fuckin orphan Oops, I mean bastard, a skinny-ass disaster Mom works hard, still workin on her masters Son lies about, takin classes at community college just to record some bullshit he calls +Bastard+ Start a fuckin cult, clash his talents in a brash way Before he even had a mustache and cash And all I got, was a fuckin shitty article in Thrasher [Interlude] {Aight, just calm down} That ain't shit man! {Now don't, don't, don't make yourself seem guilty} {That, that article was great} No fuck, that mag! {You're beating yourself up and you're living the fucking life} {right now kid - when I was your age I would have loved to be} {fucking doing the things that you're doing right now} Fuck that~! Fuck all this shit {You act like I'm not here} You're not! {I'm exactly who you supposed to be talking to} You don't fuckin help me with shit YOU DON'T HELP ME WITH SHIT, FUCK! {That's, that's, who wouldn't do that?) FUCK YOU! FUCK, YOU! (Who wouldn't, who wouldn't shoot their friends?) YOU'RE A FUCKING FUCK! I KILLED MY FUCKIN FRIENDS!! FUCK!!! {We're gonna need security in here and uhh} I didn't fuckin sign up for this shit!!! {We're gonna need some mescaline, for him to swallow down right now} I'm not crazy, I'm a fuckin table, I'm a fuckin table! {He's losing it} No fuck this shit {Tyler, calm down} [Tyler, the Creator] I'mma grab the nina {NO} and find a nice arena Cause I can't even choose between Ortega or Sabrina {Get security in here} And I'm not even human, I'm a body shaped demon with some semen in my sac and some problems in the back {Calm the fuck down} And a life that's fill with crap, and a finger filled with hate And a gat that's filled with love, now let opposites attract I can finally be one {NO} like a marriage in a church but this marriage has a hearse, and the parents of the one that's gettin married has a curse, and it's made up inside of him Too late to reimburse but, wait it gets worse All the guests that's in the church, all decided to disperse {Tyler} So there was nobody who could stop the wedding with converse {You don't want to do this} So they tied the knot, now it's too late to reverse This arrangement {yes it is} and the nurse is amazed at the hurt that he was painting but it was obvious in all the photos he was painting, now a bunch of whispering immerse {Get him right now, security right there} No get away from me {Get him} And then the nurse blurts [Outro] (What the fuck is his problem?) (Here, we have two doses to give him, here) Why didn't anybody ask him first? {GET ON THE GROUND} {I've been asking you this whole time Tyler} Because nobody gave a fuck {Someone gave a fuck Tyler} {And uhh... the person that gave a fuck was me} {See, you're not, going crazy} {It's me, I'm your best friend Tyler} {I know everything, I know everything about you} {You've been helping yourself this whole time} {Your friends, they're just figments of your imagination} {Dr. TC, see Tyler, I'm your conscience} {I'm Tron Cat, I'm Ace, I'm Wolf Haley {I'm...} Me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Hodgy Beats Album: Goblin Song: Burgers Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com (Ah...Jesus...hehehe) [Tyler, the Creator] Nigga this is my cup, drink the cyanide up Dope as fuck so I would really shoot a group of guys up Deep thought, I'm often lost - fuck it, put me next to awesome Still can't tell the difference, just like Asians with their eyes shut Butt-fuck a couple rocks, in the Wendy's parking lot Barkin at the sight of light from my bright sparkling Cock-a-doodle, eatin toaster strudel at a nude beach in Rome in a black baked spaghetti strap made of Romen noodles My bitch is bad, mixed with a thicky ass Get my dicky rocky, this will end up in a sticky blast Chris-y Brown, mask on my face, now I'm kickin ass Life's a bitch, fuck college, mommy I am ditchin class I rather be happy than fuckin forty So fuck that teacher's lecture I'm havin Sydney record me For the 2Dope -- (They didn't like it~!) Oh well, let's get XXL to write us a fuckin story [Chorus: Hodgy Beats] Hey, it's sittin right in my lap I see it, scribbled across the lines I read it I'm the fuckin poet who knows it, you know it, you bogus Comprehend the language, you scared of WAR? I'm all anxious, we got the Angus if you want beef (Hey!) Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga (Slice the onions) Now that's a burger for ya ass nigga (Put on the cheese) Oh, now that's a burger for ya ass nigga (Where's the barbeque sauce?) Now have that burger, eat it fast nigga (Swag!) [Tyler, the Creator] Fucking Aw-get-you-some/all, get you some, obviously intended pun Same time it took, Jason Dill to get the stitchin done Custom-made, one of one, sold out Roxy perfor-mance Ski mask color of a pickle just to perform "Sandwitches" Started back in fuckin London cracker children wanted something They could bump and punch a bunch of fuckin faces (Stomp 'em out) Moshin pits to breakin arms, Zombie Circus not a carn-ival Wolves is on the farm and we're all evil-harmed Any sheep creep, quiet tendered sleep Make a peep, fuckin body will go missing in a week Roam/Rome around the city with her titties like a fuckin Greek, God  "Bastard" was the shit, explains why it never leaked I am +Coming of my Age+ with my Memphis Bleek Shootin from the sky, the only problem is the missin beak (Once I have my wings +AND+ my muh'fuckin chain..) Oh, that's the black talk you give me, let me down a couple cups of bleach [Tyler, the Creator] Free Earl, that's the fuckin shit and if you disagree, lick a couple pimple-covered clits from some strippin lesbian dikes that fight niggaz that like to rap about those dikes that fight niggaz Alright, enough with this shit, let's talk business Acquire more currency, disregard bitches Go to Shake house and playin "Goblin" in his kitchen Then force him and his mom to listen to track six then If he doesn't like it I'll just slice his fuckin dick and put it in the cabinet where the fuckin cookies and chips is Take a bunch of pictures and post 'em on my Twitters then go to Jimmy Fallon like, "Faggot, when we perfoming?" Then a bunch of Golf Wang niggaz start stormin on the stage In a +Rage+ that'll scare Zack Rocha Better get ya tanks before this Wolf Wars over History repeats itself, I'm a O.F. soldier The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Goblin Song: Steak Sauce Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Rollin in a golden Tacoma, the shit's stolen If that bitch tell on me, I'ma do a fuckin driveby in her colon with my meat, gotta keep it obsolete like Chris Brown when Rihanna got her fuckin ass beat Fuck Jeeves - ask me for advice, if I'm not reading a Vice I'm squatting down, picking cracker bitches scalp for some lice Everything that I write is dope because the pipe and nope you can't have a hit unless you gimme the light We be burning Dutty Rocks with a light switch Bitch nigga, you about as hard as a dyke's clit I'm goin as hard as Bishop Eddie Long's john after I bought a Sidekick and sent that fag some nice pics They say I try too God damn hard No shit, I want a Grammy you damn retard~! You can't be great when you settle for flea bargain unless you're a thrift hipster bitch in a leotard Painless... Hodgy lost his motherfuckin mind because the +Brain+ +Left+ Wolf Gang got the ink on me now it's banged out Box Logo hoodie, still haven't got the stains out Congress, ah yes, I'm fuckin with the best blondes Um yes, I am now beating off to mom sex While Raquel is wrestling a prom dress While me and Ray Charles have a fucking staring contest To all the step dads in hurrrr trip' six kids got you motherfucks scared It could be worse, nigga that's absurd Nigga I am at Pharrell's tryin to buttfuck nerds This just in Tyler, the Creator and Justin Bieber was just in the room flippin Selena Gomez Go 'head, give some, pucker up I'll fuck her up until the kids come in, umm After "Tron Cat" I got the rats shook and I ain't even have a hook, for the white kids to sing along I don't wanna sing a song, fuck that Now cyber bully sissies on my little sisters MacBook I got you niggaz nervous like a pop tryin to ask his virgin, hot, vegan daughter where the cock goes Wake up, wash ass, go and eat some Roscoe's Head back to the studio to munch up on some tacos When I was younger I was bitchin in Now I'm comin quicker than the shit that's swimmin in my sock hole when them teeny boppers ain't around so Johnson and Johnson baby lotion bead on my Johnson 'til my cock swole Stop sayin you're sick, shit is kinda old I'm a fucking Herpe in a coma, you're a common cold Have you heard my brother verse on Llama? When that nigga's home Me, him and Hodgy gonna take the game and get a stainless steel AK and aim it to the fuckin referee's head and put his lifeless body in a choke hold, uh-oh, these niggaz is loco Best thing smokin minus all of the tobacco Still hard to be black, well Malcolm X would be proud this white bitch is getting blackmailed Blue-eyed cracker named Jenny... and skinny And Obama wanted "change" I threw a couple fuckin pennies at him Just a chip off the old block Chipped tooth ruth got some dick off my swole cock Cause I bag bitches, she's a +zip+ off the old +lock+ And that's just a logo on the center of that old box Oh stop, tryin to be me, kids will go cop anything, that I put on, from the gold watch to the boxers that I put on Probably cause I'm goin harder than erect cock dick through a botox Oh shit, you're as hard as senior citizens dick Oh fuck, don't slip break hips and pop backs Show some respect to old chaps with my left fist Cause I'm the next best spitting wreck that's left here That's my ex bitch, heard she's my next bitch Have you met her mouth? No? Oh that's my bestest Bestie, and she gets beastie And she's my favorite babysitter cause the children never exit ... I was taught to act my shoe size I'm eleven and a half Cock the umbrella cause when I spit "Seven" on your ass it's gonna be mid stage Coachella Che faggot-ass keep hatin But I work hard for the shit that I got So it's still fuck 2DopeBoyz and fuck Planet Earth all associates can suck cock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Primo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Uhh It's a Monday night, I'm comin home like it's Friday Live everyday high, burnin kush on the highway On my way to Rico to make it final in the morning Forgettin to study up, for my final in the morning Fuck it; it's only a final and plus it's boring However, Tyler's back hittin spinals when the chords end Skeleton elephant golden elements bezelin We spit because we're sick and irrelevant to your relevance I'm comin down but, not from my high I should live in a plane, shit I feel that fly It's a bird in the clouds and the sky's the plain Nah hoe, squash quote, it's that gal Mary Jane She wants to retreat from this packed Swisher Sweet The taste of it is regular, she make the Swisher sweet From time to time I gotta dish her kief Cause when she in agreement wanna leave, I let her leaf - burn [Chorus: repeat 2X getting slower] I see the world, it's in my hands I see these girls, two of 'em in my plans Take a dose of my primo emo kilograms Take a dose of my primo emo kilograms [Outro] Yeah, it's Left Brain Odd Future Wolf Gang MellowHype, "BlackenedWhite" Sippin on that sizzurp The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: GunSounds Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This nigga crazy {*END OF MESSAGE*} This nigga man {*TO DELETE THIS MESSAGE PRESS 7*} {*TO SAVE IT IN THE ARCHIVE PRESS NINE*} {*some girl is laughing at his dad*} My dad bro listen to him, the faggot-ass nigga Says shit ("Aight man, whassup? Locked up?") ("In the hospital, shot? What the fuck goin on?") {*END OF MESSAGE, TO DELETE...*} {*girl laughs again*} {*MESSAGE WILL BE SAVED FOR 7 DAYS*} Where, the, fuck, is, MellowHype, MellowHype MellowHype Where is MellowHype? MellowHype bitch! Where is MellowHype? MellowHype, BlackenedWhite Bitch! Ayyy... [Hodgy Beats] I never think too hard, I always drink too hard Pair of panties, two bottles nigga I floss they floor Nigga pick up your jaw, nigga here come the law Drop Wolves, pop fools, leave him hit like he broke You either witness or not, we tieing niggaz like knots Bloody nose full of snot, Odd Future gold and you rock Over the stove and the pot, them bullet holes and you drop Sixty-fo' lo-lo, full of hoes gettin cock Uh, I'm off the chain consider a loose dog Ha, I make it rain consider a new dog Precipitation, condensation, conversations, obligations Takin place when in the basement of hatred where Satan's waitin for - me to pull up the whip, swagger got an upper lip Lesbians gotta cuff they chick around me cause I fuck they bitch I rippin throught these speakers like I trip it to these speakers Mascots and cheerleaders, ballers whistlin they sneakers George was worthy to ocean, Earl was shippin them coffins Cause we sellin that frosting, that Stone Cold, that Steve Austin You can't get this shit for free but you can get it for a fee You can take her on a spree, finish up and bring her to me Finish up bring her to me, we ain't goin on a spree I don't have to pay a fee cause bitch I do this shit for free Difference between me and you, opposite mag-a-nets See me I'm living straight while you taking turns faggin it Left brother wanna take a drag from it Inhale, exhale like a dragon bitch Got a monkey in the cupboard like Aladdin did Get your swag from me, then rap the shit You shop at K Mart, I shop at AK Mart I'm aimin at they heart nigga better duck if they smart Where them fuckin guns at? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Domo Genesis Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Brain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Black- -ened- -White [Hodgy Beats] They said a piece of my ambition's ambitious Hat back, snap back, Brooklyn Mishka Movie role, studio, rubber grip in my cuticles Coohie yo the stupid hoe who fucked Cupid doe I, I can't fall in love with a bit of shit Cause if I fall into it it's being used and then quit You more on the bitch I'm on the analog sticks You can quote me on my sentence nigga, catalogue this Odd Future Wolves ain't some passive artists A bunch of massive artists, hang up I had to call this We mosh through streets like a pack of walrus So when we come around them niggaz had to ball fists My swagger is natural flavor, then citric acid Honey ginseng if, it's extracted And honey's with me if, she's attractive Her address, I address, my hoop in her basket Man when it came to school, I got bad grades Now when it came to the law, I didn't know how to behave My nigga, my my nigga but with music, music, music I'm on the honor roll, honor roll, honor roll With music, music, music I'm on the honor roll, honor roll, we on a roll [Domo Genesis] Threw my condolences to bogus shit cause I'm killin shit off Survival on the love boat I'm kickin every bitch off Phone book flow, this some shit you'll never rip off Shitting on you niggaz, I'm a level past pissed off Risk all to get all, I'm all in Leaving every bar spinnin, gettin paper, I don't do go cigar friends Give me a couple seconds, I'll be leaving with your girlfriend Gotta get in fresh, got her mouth full, garglin Spit it out Dealin with the mary by the big amount, flyin from a different route Money 'bout to come so these bitches tryin to stick it out You ain't special though, give me neck and then I kick you out Domo Genesis, it ain't nuttin next to that Aimin for success and won't fall for nothin less than that Wolf Gang shit, got all my niggaz reppin that If we ain't it yet, somebody show me where the best is at The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: 64 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Ain't nuttin new nigga Just somethin new I never trust fate with my trust funds I keep it in a safe place nigga, lump sum Camera surveillance a bunch of fuckin stun guns I'm a snare to the drum, burum-bum-bum Her virgin homicide I show her how we drum-a-drum She doesn't come for me, bitch only say she cum for fun What's up honeybun, wanna feel your tummy rum? Rumbling in a ring with pills to fucking numb Your system is my fuckin dick-dom Feel the friction of my children with down syndrome I'm rehearsing for my funeral, triple six Roman numerals MellowHype musical, talk to my wolves like Dolittle Think with a migraine like a fucking eye strain Drink bottles of champagne on a fucking biplane If it doesn't add up then ask the students my name I'm fucking Einstein, I'm sayin [Chorus: repeat 2X] Knock, knock! Delivery, I'm the rhetorician Body decomposition, ripping through your rhythm I suggest you stop and listen to this non-prescription Fuck your contradiction, this my composition [Hodgy Beats] Leprechaun, hexagon, I transform: Decepticon Rasputin, I'm half mutant, fuck financial aid, cash students I'm too pursuant to overdo shit, super fluent My flow is overheated it needs coolant, sheeit~! Fuck bein poor and return to the school and shoot it up While I shoot it like a porno bitch with cool whip (sheeit) I dive scuba, barracuda, shark water in Cuba Chicken head of the sea, but I don't FUCKIN eat tuna I sneak her in my room like Puma My bedroom's Jerusalem and I'm Judah Suck on my Messiah or die and cry in fire Truth is the curse of liars so is Mrs. Doubtfire Fat bitches, dope beats is what my niggaz acquire If you're broke, get a cast Bitch I'm dope, do the math Triple six, sippin through a golden flask Salute MellowHype or mustard gas I ain't gay but I'm a fuckin ass!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Mike G Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Loaded Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Get the scale, weed I got a grip for sale Bitch I'm makin chip off sales while sippin on white Zinfandael Probably sippin still cause it is my favorite flavor My beat wake the block up like Hodgy Beats hates all his neighbors They call the po'-po', I'm cocking back the 44 The one man army, my automatic Rose Gold Double Oh, subtract one numero from Seven Taking niggaz back to school like a bus ride for adolescents Wolves plottin for their Future like fuckin investments And I go so hard, that's why yo' bitch keep on caressin Flat iron and pressin, my VCR buttons But this a DVD so you can watch it with your cousins 2010, bitch we get it in Go ahead, tell yo' friends, I hope them bitches be twins Doobies in jacuzzis, white bitches with big booties I'm a pirate, goin after them diamonds and them rubies [Chorus: Mike G] + (Hodgy Beats) I be like, hello play them corners like their cellos It go crazy in the streets when the Hype gets Mellow (I got my feet up, laid back, smokin on a haze sack) (Sittin on a haystack, we go off like grenade caps) Makeshift millions, knockin down your buildings Know they fear me I'm a villain, stacking dollars to the ceiling (I'm on the corner for you, judge me I'll destroy your lawyer) (Outta Luckett like LeToya, Mellow one's too Hype to bore you) [Hodgy Beats] Girl you so sour but you sweet like candy Let's fuck in the forest, Mother Nature and Bambi Balling like Camby, organic like cran' be Glass house on the beach for when I want to getsSandy Everything is dandy, ask my nigger Handy I take a strike in +L.A+. lights like I'm +Dodgin+ with Manny Girls drop them panties, even their aunties... no grannies Grandma, I'm leakin on the beat like a tampon Phlegm spitting 'til my whole Odd Future camps on We get our camp on, Jansport and Eddie Bauer Stay fresh before hoppin up in any shower Death to haters tryin to take minutes up off my hour I got the hood with me, I'm the nigga with the power Weed, co-caine, and the muh'fuckin zannies Me and Brain lurk together like a fuckin family [Mike G] I mastered this, in sessions I be last to hit But my confidence brim, that means there's none after this This rhyme spittin done turned me to a convict, I'm fuckin sick There's no resolution to this conflict Well, death might be one But there's no stoppin these Wolves, for your heads we come I'm a rider; garage got motorbikes in it They confused, scratch their heads like there's fuckin lice in it Party hard, man it's golden, have them hands foldin Mellow keep it rollin, that's how we stay loaded Like them fo'-fo's, they stay in them fo'-doors Bitches watch when they go slow, we pimp them hoes that drive Rodeo's and Volvo's, because they fuck with lame niggaz They ain't learn? Hatin niggaz, won't make your chain bigger You're comedy to me, and crowds flee when your shit's on You get fake applause like a TV sitcom The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Jasper Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Deaddeputy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Bitch I got my rights and I got two guns and a pocket knife, yeah I cocked it twice You have dropped it, ice, stopped the rice Ox eat rice, vegetables I can't kill 'em all but this semi's able Cannibal eat a nigga off of any table Brain poured your labels 'til my pour is faithful No average payroll nigga work your kingdom Money by the millons, money by the hours Drugs in the bathtub, money in the shower Check it early riser, O.F. bang louder Arouse ya, bitch when I begin to crowd around her Then think to my thesis, caught up in a prefix Music is premixed, the remix, with guns sounds and gun rounds and brief kicks Call it the remix of the bible, influenced by Jesus I'm coming to kill 'em all, gunnin to kill 'em all Hollows they feel 'em all, bananas I peel 'em all Pussy don't get involved, ligaments will dissolve Problems I will resolve, niggaz I will revolve Kill 'em all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all [Hodgy Beats] I keep work like observers who watch workers workin serve them Listen to every word and try their best not to be a burden I met her she was a virgin, until I cut her like a neuro brand surgeon Hip-Hop riding, I'm swervin, take her to rodeo but she can't find mervyns We high priced sailing, high like scalin We on fire, you trailin if I'm fresh, you stale then Put me on figures as I peddle with my my niggaz Notice my fan base gettin a tad bigger We start shit and burn the Swisher Iron the creases, I'm a T while them other bitch twist up The calm and collected, my rhymes are perfected I'm comin for the throne, not your diamond or necklace [Jasper] Kill 'em all motherfucker Odd Future Wolf Gang Taking everybody out the motherfuckinz business Young niggaz doin it big, MellowHype Free Earl, fuck Everybody Wolf Gang nigga Kill 'em all, kill 'em all, kill 'em all! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Right Here Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ohh! Ohh Slow it down, ha ha Left Brain is a beast ain't he? [Hodgy Beats] Can all my sexy ladies wave your hands right here? This, track is peanut butter so we jam right here I'm flirtin with you in your ears, and your mans right here Plotting on how I'm gonna do these fuckin skins right here Fellas get them hands higher, smoke them grams right here Model chicks walking by and it's yo' chance right here Confidence is a reality, your friends might fear But I'm comin out this club with some twins, my dear And we headed to the whip where we can smoke right here Got the girls, got the Henny, got the Coke right here Now she callin me her baby like I'm in a high chair I swear, I fear, not a thing right here I kick rhymes all the time, I get high all the time Can't nobody stop the vibe that I'm feelin right here Bitch dimes on the grind, you can't cop it for the nine Can't nobody stop the tribe and how we livin right here And we rollin, we rollin, we smoke and blow And can't nobody stop the vibe that I'm feelin right here And we rollin, we rollin, we smoke and blow Can't nobody stop the tribe and how we livin right here [Hodgy Beats] How you feel 'bout me caressin your blessings? Lesson after lesson like an adolescent that constantly gettin in trouble That bad ass need a whoopin, whoopie cushion belt pushin With the Wolves in his nature, group huddles? The kush is in the jar and the blunts are in the car Blow Indian indicas like Jafar we be who we are And we do what we does, cause we does what we do Spark the weed Pikachu, pizza booze, we can chew And drink the same time and think the same mind Mental telepathy, leprosy, lettin C runnin through my legs and feet, walking what we preach, we don't gotta teach Just put one in the air, my dear, I swear It's hundred percent everything right here [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Igotagun Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] BITCH~! Calling and rippin through my precisions I'm killin Lyrical villain, I'm higher, touchin the ceilin, I'm willin to fuckin win this, I'm in this to finish niggaz for dinner I fuckin send a beginniner, look out below to your temple (boom!) I call back September, October, November, December You faggots put on your jackets before it snow in the winter Rookies and ginger cookies, going to school playin hookie If I was starting to overlook me No contest, I arm wres, monster on his Loch Ness Got more than one penis, hoochies hop up on my crotches Spotless, fucking a conscious Goddess In the darkness, latches and harness is all set, I got this Heartless, congress, condoms, working on a topless Starvin Marvin', bags accomplished The compass is directing, sectinh I get carried away with the sexting, complexing She's yours, I'm annexing I got a gun (I cock it back) I got a gun (better wear your strap) I got a gun (nigga, don't get clapped) You better run (See it in my lap) I got a gun (nigga, got my gun) I got a gun (nigga, this shit fun) I got a gun (I'ma kill that bitch) You better run [Hodgy Beats] Left Brain is my Lex Luger, bitch I'm Waka Flocka Over the stove, mixin music in a pot of rasta pasta Swag me the fuck out I stash my dirty money at Cassie's house Put my gold teeth in a vulture's mouth 120 degrees a pistol holster's pouch A radness of warriors, jewlery store, glory whores Bloody and lovely, Wolf Gang, Coyote Ugly I'm a wild animal, bitch, I can't be tamed or identified, or better even named And hoe, that's a shame Shoulda applied more effort in this game Yeah, call me Acronym Jim Keep my Beretta and my burgundy Timb' [Outro: Left Brain] Shoot that nigga, make sure he dead Shoot that nigga, aim fo' his head Kill that bitch, and steal her purse Call everybody here her phone if that motherfucker works Take that, bitch ($40 a month) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Fuck the Police Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Hodgy Beats] {*gun shot, sirens race by*} Yo what the fuck? Yo do I hear sirens motherfucker? Aiyyo, grab the muh'fuckin AK-4-7 out the trunk nigga Ay and that sawed off too {*laughing*} We goin to war [Hodgy Beats] Nigga this is BlackenedWhite Nigga fuck the black and whites Got a strap, my motherfuckin bat and knife Can't wait 'til a cop ain't actin right Why the fuck the feds keep callin us? Pullin up in trucks, carried off in a bus Bitch I'm smokin O.G. Premeditated O-Z Organized crime, I kill your boss SK for dinner and forget to floss Kidnap a DT, tie his ass to a cross Run a +Cartel+ like a real Rick Ross Jewelry runnin like I'm heavy hardcore Drive-by 207 and 11-24 I'm a 417 with a bulletproof vest Bust his motherfuckin head, got his motherfuckin neck Plus 11-99 in his motherfuckin chest Aimin at his partner who know he up next or any grand thefts, man I don't give a fuck Dump his dead body outta my pick up truck Left Brain is a 51-50 Reason MellowHype BlackenedWhite's rollin with me R.I.P. to the cops with the goal to get me I'm a 390, nigga fuckin tipsy Bitch, fuck the police, motherfuck the police (kill 'em all) Fuck the police, motherfuck the police (fuck 'em all) Fuck the police, motherfuck the police (Wolf Gang) Fuck 'em all, kill 'em all, fuck the police [Left Brain] I said... Fuck a cop non-stop Pop the Glock, my bitch is Uffie Pull off in my all black Humvee So the pigs don't tryin' cuff me I'm sippin 2-11 Bout to plan a 211 Murder your partner he'll meet you in heaven Lucky number 667 I mean 666 I got six clips to the fuckin duct tape Ay, butt rape on a female cop She can chew my balls, she can swallow my cock Try and pull me over, I will not stop 22350 nigga on the block Kill him hands down Callin all cars, there's another man down [Tyler, the Creator] A couple of Sprites but no beer This Batmobile is real hard to steer So on my way here I hit a couple of queer My windshield got hit and smashed a couple of deer Aww shit, the piggy is getting near I would speed chase but nothing is in the clear He's pulling to the rear and all I fucking hear is (Can I see your registration?) Fuck you cop, you can nibble my cock! Fuck that job been around that block! All you wanna do is get that stick Beat me with it while the rest sit and watch Nigga fuck you cracker, I put you six feet (Well what are you a rapper?) And I'm six feet I'm black and I'm loud, what a damn co-winky-dink (Alright listen nigger, can you please get out of the vehicle?) Fuck you pig what? (You're gonna get handcuffed) (Drove to the station and get a couple years inside of the prison) Why? So I can get shanked up and get butt fucked? (Yeah) Well that's not happening captain Not this time nigga BAP! BAP! BAP! BAP! (Houston we have a nigger down) (And the nigger that did it loves them gun sounds) Bow, bow, bow, pbow, bust triple six round Now that's six cops found on that ground All I wanted to do was get that trick down That sick set, tryna get my kickflips wet (But no, po'-po' did not wanna see) That O.F.W. motherfuckin G Nigga this Wolf Gang, fuck L.A.P.D. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Frank Ocean Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Rico Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] We in the studio I said, we in the studio Is this mic on? Check, check I'm thankful for my position I was given in life Cause I know some people living who ain't livin this life Read about starved children who ain't eatin this right Drug lords declare war, sellin cheaper the price Stunting dummy drug money, yeah them sneakers is nice Get your swag from the blacks sellin bags of the white Niggaz can't get a job, so we self-employed If the coppers come a-knockin, we gon' help that boy Bail money, welcome back home out of jail money White girl pale money, sunny when we sell money See - seashell money, we sell money Rain, hail money, heaven what the hell money Dusty paper stale money, I thought they restricted it Did for most people but we out here gettin it Uhh, yeah [Chorus: Frank Ocean] Put your hands under her dress, we get the feelin that she's faded And she's willing screaming Wolf Gang, whip me off, get me off The sex it turns to children, then the children turn to villains Villain wolves screaming kill 'em all, fuck 'em all And that go for anybody that come around here, that ain't from around here Hoe you too, you ain't special, Wolf Gang kill them all, fuck 'em all [Hodgy Beats] She handles herself with class and she got a nice ass but she can't run no games on me She claim to like the stores and the clothes, jeans bleached with the holes but she can't get my bank homey Too smart is no good, if she smart for no good it's so good she can't flaunt her thing on me She can be full of swag, drive a Jag, poppin tags on the ave but she can't get her cake from me That sounded like the hook I threw at her and the swag I reeled her in Said she came to feel me in, when she really came to fill me in Like baby what's the deal with it? Seem to be attracted by the fiancee and finance that no wifey concealin it Dealin with life's shuffle, then fold Dippin with the duffles I hold, if we are a couple let's go To the place where we lead in the life to some sleep Bring the pipe, blow the weed, punchlines to be received The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Circus Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Left Brain] Yo, just finished hitting these bitches and now I'm dippin This barbecue sauce on my fried chicken Am I trippin? I said that backwards I rock my hat backwards, I'm on the beat, my swagger's dapper Don't call me Dan, just cause I break down the weed and wrap trees with my fam, don't mean I got wrapper hands But I'd slap a fan quickly - and I mean real quickly Lube her up, do her up, that's what I call a quickie Fuckin faggot fan in the audience wanna diss me I met his goofy ass backstage and I beat him pissy His girlfriend was a witness, I said "Look missy Don't say a word and umm... pass the ciggy or a stogie, cause I got the greens and I got the rollies and we can get high and I can treat you like Kobe, or Ghosty Cause I'll fuckin vanish if you wanna fuckin panic I'm the pussy bandit" We rollin up the la, la, la, la, la-la-la-la-la We rollin up the la, la, la, la, la-la-la-la-la Is he rollin up a la, la, la, la, la-la-la-la-la? Nigga we rollin up a la, la, la-la-la-la Smokin up the la, la, la-la-la-la We gettin high off the la, la, la-la-la-la We so fly off the la, la, la-la-la-la Come and buy a la, la, la-la-la-la (ay, Wolf Gang) [Hodgy Beats] There's two girls I'm in the middle in my black Continental No - it isn't a rental so we gon' have to be gentle She's arrested by my genitals, like a fuckin criminal Felony after felony what her priors are tellin me She wearing all spandex, light shirt I finna go Nutty Professor in her bloody old dress Don't scream but hold them signs up, protest the WNBA bouncin balls covering her breast up Girl what's up with your friend on the left? I'ma have to go get, get it in on the left Snip and trim on the left, slim skin on the left She got a twin on the left, we were hikin up the canyon I'm pullin out my canon, showin her mt=y main companion Cause soon eggs scramblin, and then a nigga scrammin And you can't hold me back, Space Jammin Two three's, weak balls, she eat balls, meatballs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite Song: Gunz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash MellowHype! Ahhhhhhhh [Hodgy Beats] My verse come fast like a gun blast I don't need a gun, I don't need it, naw Marijuana breathe, I don't need the rum You can keep you some I just drink for fun Billboard cover with my eyes rolled back Domo right behind me fittin to roll another sack Put your lighters up like your life is on wax So you light to me nigga I even got tax And I paid that shit (got my way) like I paid that shit I'm gonna grave that shit I'm in the graveyard Employee on the job you can ask my manager I'm the cancer, that's for damn sure Smoke in Amsterdam and had a joke Apply CPR if your ass start to choke I see Mary Jane and she gettin kind of close Her face is on my book and she about to get poked [Chorus: repeat with ad libs] I am now, taking... shots [Hodgy Beats] I'm honored to be a monster My monsters postrous upon us Gobstoppers and marijuana Ga ganja trauma your momma She'll take us off to the doctors and buy us brand new pajamas I think I'm hallucinating and aggravating these llamas The room is gettin smaller Get mommy, somebody call her I'm throwin up in the hall My fingers feel like marshmallows Chocolate, maltings with frosters Caramel on a saucer My visions begin to alter Wavering like a pauper With no appointment in the soil of turned bullshit Niggas afraid of success and recoil it I ball it, then broiled it Can you grab the foil bitch? I'ma wrap it up and just save it for my enjoyment I get more thumbs up then a corn flake Wolf Gang's the gang you wanna join with (bitch) No sentences after that I shatter facts with pack gat rappers You lucky ass bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Earl Sweatshirt, Tyler Album: BlackenedWhite * Song: Chordaroy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original Odd Future release from October 2010, track #11 {*repeat the word "Chordaroy" until 0:39*} [Earl Sweatshirt] We come through moppin, like janitors Smokin kush nuggets the size of fuckin tarantulas Blow got me amped as fuck, hoe niggaz backin up And that nigga Short tell that nigga Jasper swag me up Swag me up, swag is us, who can tell me how the fuck our number one fans is faggots that used to laugh at us Tell me who rad as us, huh, and the answer was "Um, y'all dope, Wolf Gang just the damper dust" Yeah the dapper dogs take your head chop it off No father, fuck bein proper bitch we poppin off And to top it off I'm droppin monster monologues that's hot enough to piss your local arson off That's me spittin this fucking garbage toss as you niggaz Niggaz get familiar with the art of loss Switch swag on you little dick fags (your bitch ass) You fuckin dead bitch chips I'm on my fifth bag wit'cho bitch ass She called me crazy, they called me crazy They called me shady but it's a chordaroy life I'm livin baby, I'm livin baby I'm livin baby, it's a chordaroy life And you called me shady, called me crazy Called me lazy, I ain't your baby It's a chordaroy life that I'm livin hazy It's a chordaroy life that I'm livin, phase me [Hodgy Beats] People love Hodgy, I hate you though I don't precipitate, bitch I H2O And I move across your membrane, you lose against my insane thoughts cause you're an outsider tryin to get in brain I like girls but I don't fuck with tramps I'm elephant tuskin and they succulents I'm shavin off my boot hairs deciduosly Break jaws Mr. Vigora, rigorously I'm hot breeze, snot sneeze; I cop weed for less of a percentage than I fuckin plot seeds New racist, too vacant, mutations, natural selection Bitch I got my swag card, natural protection Pocket with a cache full of bashful weapons I brandish and I flash tools and I have fools steppin I'm a geophyte, move under the ground 'til I can see the light Feed niggaz shells like my motherfuckin beach is nice [Tyler, the Creator] When I say Wolf Gang, you say FUCK THAT Room full of Wolves, inhalers and used blunt wraps Fingers in the middle of bitches bodacious buttcracks Enough fuckin atheist rappers to get a nun slapped {*screaming*} This is fuck music here, let a couple sluts use it Show their boobs, and I'll hop out the booth when I'm done poopin Grab a couple gats, stuff 'em in the backpack then take them to school for show and tell day screamin "Fuck students" Backin up a bunch of fatherless kids and a pack of dust could fuckin splat, to show you the fuckin Iraq in us A bunch of fucking Wolves and rats havin niggaz the size of Shaq backin up, like Juvenile biggest fan was a movin truck Killin these niggaz off quick Don't believe me? Then watch me empty out a full clip Trigger being pulled, niggers in a ditch That wasn't bullets, that was copies of "Bastards" you bitch [Outro: Tyler] Wolf Gang! Free Earl We see you nigga "BlackenedWhite" in this motherfucker WHAT~?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite * Song: Gram Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original Odd Future release from October 2010, track #13 [Hodgy Beats] I bet you never heard some shit like this before MellowHype, "BlackenedWhite" is too original Give me the snares, give me the drum, had it rotated with the hi-hat Let the music paint my destiny so I don't buy maps Toastin champagne, flukes and wine caps Purple kush got me sleepy, I'm fin' to take a nice nap Baby compare your man to me, uh, I'm twice that He keep you up all night, I put to sleep night cap I'm killin you niggaz and that's a bright fact If Christ gave me the gift of a talent well then can Christ rap? Swastika letterman jacket nigga you like that? Lookin for cheerleading booties and booties I might sack Lineback, Hodgy Beats, I'm back MellowHype we're in... with master generics Kill Them All, smear it all in your mirrors [Outro] MellowHype is too epic You better fuck with Odd Future If you don't fuck with Odd Future... Fuck you! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Frank Ocean Album: BlackenedWhite * Song: Hell Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original Odd Future release from October 2010, track #5 "What the Hell?" {*4X*} "What the.." {*4X*} [Hodgy Beats] I ain't been home in a week Barely been to Pasadena since them San Fran streets I stayed at night at the studio, I get no sleep My passion for this music yo it's far too deep I rest for 3 hours a day, 4 and a half if I'm lucky 4:45 in the mornin and I'm the only one up see I'm all about the hustle, Hodgy 'bout his grind And y'all no longer struggle once you make up your mind I had up my mind and now I'm takin the time Steady niggaz takin from mine, I record in outer space Spendin time, lendin rhymes Out and hand mixtapes to a fan giving and gettin grams Odd Future shinin S.P.F. sunscreen Needs to be applied to burn from sunbeams Teach a lesson if haven't learned from one's schemes Mankind wouldn't be realistic if no one dreamed Yeah~! [Chorus: Frank Ocean] I got, I got - anime on the screen I got, I got - pen in hand, scripting dreams I got, I got - a rich man said to me Just remember one thing you'll never have time, time You'll never have time, time {*3X*} "What the Hell?" [Hodgy Beats] I knew it; momma I knew it One wish every birthday candle before I blew it Son carved the paths out but I drew it Sicker than the flu I'm on my stew shit Just let it simmer and brew, with no remembering you We fall out in the winter, September, October, Novembering you No contendor with you, I'm like tendering food Zip-Lock marinate it, cook it if you care to take it There's time now to bake it, momma show me how you make it Bring me to life with them icing covered knives Single handedly raised us, sacrifice and had to fight for pages to raise us, loveres is what made us Today trust we always got steel I'll proceed to protect if I'm goin shot kill I'm the star, twinkle twinkle Thanks for every birthday you lit candels for cake sprinkles Uhh {*Frank Ocean ad libs for a bit*} [Left Brain] Yo Yo what the fuck is an interlude - anyway? What the fuck is an interlude for man? What the hell do you need a fuckin interlude for man? Fuck that Just play the next song The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite * Song: Loco Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original Odd Future release from October 2010, track #8 [Intro] Good fuckin morning, nigga Wake the fuck up It's four o'clock man, c'mon [Hodgy Beats] Pigs raid my crib, I'm feelin like Fred Hampton I got firearms under my mattress, campin Yo, I'm from the ghetto where there's special enhancements Niggaz begin to shootin don't, get second chances Banana clips conceal wimps, hit 'em 'til they feel sweat Beat these pred-day and night states bitch I'm a real threat Besides the drug movement, move with all the socially Socialists And we hangin'by the rope and shit, we give each other hope like gifts Though I'm a Nigga With an Attitude Drinking, aiming at your dude - scary huh? You bladder fooled Hinderant doctor, with a militant posture Bearing arms like an octo smoke killer weed, killer Rasta At the lamppost in Oakland next to Bob Seale My heart don't beat, fuck the heartthrob feel... I said I said, my heart don't beat, fuck the heartthrob feel [Interlude] It's not just you I hate everybody, God damn [Hodgy Beats] Man I tell them boys catch up, catch up, ketchup, ketchup Odd Future Wolf hun Gang put them Tecs up One shot, one kill, Tyrane never mess up Take more than a fuckin lie detector to fess up Mustard, mustard, mustard, mayo Odd Future grand Gang music and the llello Anthrax packaged to the door, in potato Call me Hammerhead, cause I mash him like he Play-Doh I'm a rat, nigga where the cheese at? I'm goin after stacks, nigga where them G's at? Matter fact, honey where dem B's at? And all them niggaz with them A-B-C hats I'ma take y'all back to school; you fuckin dropout Who work a fuckin 9 to 5 just to cop out I'm on the block nigga, not when the cops out Keys open doors and you the motherfucker locked out [Outro] Bitch Wolf Gang, MellowHype, "BlackenedWhite" Killing y'all niggaz Don't fuck with Odd Future bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: BlackenedWhite * Song: Stripclub Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original Odd Future release from October 2010, track #9 [Hodgy Beats] Uh-huh~! I know you like this When I'm strappin on the Magnum, I ain't tryin to have kids Huh - I'm nineteen and my pockets like an old man And you a Golden Girl fuckin with a gold man The world shivers as you hold on to my cold hand Striptease, please, like I don't know how to slow dance Single dollars bein thrown from the back I got that white girl if you skinny and you black Back shot, mascot, hair longer than Rapunzel And she be rollin up my trees from the jungle To top it off, she call me daddy (daddy) Playin a game of nine holes, golf clubs and the caddy [Chorus: repeat 2X] Broads and panty hoes in the strip club There so many hoes in the strip club Takin off they clothes in the strip club Knees touchin elbows in the strip club [Interlude: Left Brain] Drop that ass fast, pick it up slow I do it for the show, girl you do it for the dough [Hodgy Beats] I'm realistic and hella up-hillarific There is no concealin this shit, she's ready to fuckin peel bitch On some G shit, kush and G - strings And stayin true to only about three things Get money, kill 'em all, Wolf Gang nigga Luxurious just like that woodgrain nigga Uhh, I pack a lot I got a wood brain nigga Try and keep up with my team but she would sprang, nigga Me and Left Brain are in the strip club Next to showers of bitches like we're inside a big tub Uhhhhh, I'm tryin to get my dick sucked Put my sportin goods down so you could pick a dick up Shit, what I'm on pose? You want boss and the clothes With no drawers, just for less like... ROSS [Interlude] - repeat 4X (last two times Screwed slow) [Outro: Hodgy Beats] Broads and panty hoes in the strip club The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Tay Walker Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: They Say Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] They say that every day's a struggle and it takes time But do they, do they have a clue? How do I, do I tell the truth from a lie now? They try to say hello, it's goodbye tomorrow Just put a little weed in the bowl and you'll be all right You'll be all right! [Interlude: Syd Tha Kid] Just, think, if, things were perfect Would it, be, worth, it if even at all So, don't, act, like, you can't take it You were meant to be greatless, you can run to the stars [Chorus: Syd Tha Kid & Tay Walker] I know how easy, it is to give up But don't let people, hold you down! And I know sometimes, it'll amaze you (it'll amaze you) But don't let it fade you, just hold your ground! They say, they say hmmm They say, they say hmmm They say, they say hmmm Whoaaaaaaaaaaaa [Tay Walker] Why do we trust those we don't know? There's no need to hide, you know what's inside What do we hear when there's love to spare? Why don't we understand, that the only way to grow is sweet love [Interlude] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Shangrila Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Try and try again Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: She DGAF Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Internet] Her state of mind is constantly changing To hell and back she drives switching lanes Not knowing what she has 'til she knows where she's going If she can just get past this traffic She tries and tries to find peace of mind But these days everything's in your face So she stays soul and in her mind blowin smoke in the sky Cause it's her only vice, I wonder wonder why She blows smoke in the air, in the air, in the air - cause She don't give a fuck {*4X*} No - she shaved off all of her hair, of her hair, of her hair - cause She don't give a fuck {*4X*} No [The Internet] Some people seem to think she needs changing They don't know the struggles that she was raised with So shut the fuck up - just shut the fuck up Stop thinking that you know everything Cause you don't and you never will so just let it go And be free as long as you're kind And and you've been born with the fight So don't wonder why The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Cunt Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [The Internet] Ohh yeah This for the freaks Aye aye ay How you feelin tonight ohh How you feelin tonight girl Yes Yes Said I just wanna love you baby Ayee Said I just wanna love you baby Your just the finest in the world girl Just wanna love you baby Tell me why Definitely the hottest Why you gonna be a cunt shorty All I wanna do is love you babe Why you gotta be a cunt for Tell me why Girl Why you bein all I just wanna love you baby Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Just wanna love you baby Why why you bein all Why you gotta be a cunt for I'm just bein honest with you, yeahhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Left Brain Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Cocaine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kyd] Hey baby Where you goin? You look good to me You look good to me Walkin by yourself Maybe I can help [Chorus: repeat 2X] I wanna, I wanna Do you wanna do some cocaine? [Interlude: Syd Tha Kyd} Baby just ignore the consequence You look like you could use a little confidence So follow me to fantasies in paradise And now that you know what this feeling's like You know you can have it for the rest of your life Just follow me Just follow me [Left Brain] She high as fuck up in my truck Shocked up lookin for a bitch to fuck I'm high on coke She high on coke Coast to coast baby float my boat Got coke to sniff and weed to roast Post no need to boast Let's snort [Syd Tha Kyd] Two in the back, one in the front Do yo wanna ride in my car [Syd Tha Kid] Ayy, don't trip Just try it once Don't worry (I wanna, I wanna) Just follow me (I wanna, I wanna) [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Kilo Kish Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Ode to a Dream Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kilo Kish] I see you, I see what I need Upside down cause it's not how it seems Intricacies, making believe Your diary, is inside of me Come fly with me, way down below and scream silently, in the undertows It's society, that makes it hard to sleep I close my eyes, but I still see - the fire [Chorus: repeat 2X] I know that I'll never forget you girl {*3X*} cause I see you in my dreams [Kilo Kish] It's hard to tell whether or not I wanna know I'm thinkin all the time and I guess it shows It's tough for us to go back in time to the night before, everything was fine When you talked to me, and I talked to you We watched pedophiles, on the morning news And the water dripped, from my faucet top If I collect it all, could we get it back? Please [Kilo Kish: repeat 2X] Baby, will you Forget a-bout me You're at the front of mind Sitting behind my eyes all the time [repeat to end, distorted and reinterpreted] Will you mistake me for another one? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Pyramid Vritra Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Gurl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Matt Martians] Open the door I look you in your face realize I don't love you no more You ask me why Reoccurring thoughts of him are there; you'll never understand You You asked to be put on this level and I ignored you And now I see What life is like without you there, so the bong is where I stare [Chorus 2X: Syd Tha Kyd] Girl, you know I love you girl You know I care [Syd Tha Kyd] Rain clouds Seem to like to follow me around since I lost you Ask me how I could leave with something so small and unsure like I didn't love you anymore - but you Pushed me to a level of insanity, I know Now, all I ask is if I ever had a chance or were we never gonna last? [Pyramid Vritra] Texting me "I love you" as you getting dicked down by an old flame At least you asked first while you would flirt at them home games Fuck it I'll let it slide, like everything that you do For everything thing that you do, innocent girl while in school But as the moonlight crept into her vacant room She she's in the cooper naked, breaking curfew, nuts, and zippers too Sea ocean blue after the hundredth argument, dipped just as quick as you Re-equipped with a new beau and my crush hates me now I'm 50 states away, still asking about your day And if you listen to the album I sent you You shouldn't expect an answer and it's it fine shit I'll find some new bitches And if you do return by any chance it still stands that you want me I'll be in the same state you left me Alone, or maybe I'll be with a bad bitch and I'll reject you And tell you that you're nothing special But you are... but I probably won't The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Love Song -1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kyd] What happened to make you, to make you start to hate me? I once was your heart; worth love, and you were my everything Sometimes I wonder whyyyy, I still try Don't say it's over Cause we both know no one's perfect Baby I feel like this could be worth it, ohhh Cause I haven't felt much myself lately What I got to do, to get back my lady? Ooooh... oh ohhh ohh, oh ohhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Left Brain, Mike G Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Lincoln Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: The Internet & Left Brain] I was rollin through the ghetto In my Lincoln Continental Blowin kush smoke out the window What you think my windows tint fo'? [Mike G] Yo, uhh, yo It go drastic, measures in a tale so tragic Follow formula six-four as you trail my tracks Bitch, there's nothin more pleasant than gettin paid on point Pretty bitches with gold grills just to hold my joints I make 'em plead - as the director says scene New words, don't say my name, I just make 'em say King Four rings on that muh'fuckin woodgrain wheel Raw, I'm Johnny Law, but you should check my appeal Once upon a time not too far back There was a young Wolf Pack that grew up in a 'llac Syd left King, and Ace played Black Jack Bitches be talkin shit that's how you end up smacked I'm after chips and if we eatin then I'm after your bitch Ain't no cost, just pimpin player you should be after the risk We winnin like there ain't no other way to play the game All I hang around is zeroes figure my checks should look the same [Mike G] Yo, got the money, fuck the bitches Ain't gotta do it for long, I'm just tryin to get you on Might not make sense, but I'm just a pimp bitch (Hey!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Web of Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] I hope you noticed the lack of social contact It's not that you're not all that, it's just I know how this will end You try to say you'll change for me but that's not the way to go And even before I don't wanna try again with you that's not the move Noooo [Chorus: repeat 2X] You're just caught up in the web of me Don't realize the reason why we never speak - it's you, not me [Syd Tha Kid] And you should know, I never tried to hurt you girl Just got tangled up in the idea of being, together We can live different lives together, gotta move on, just let it go, move on I'm not the one for you and I know it Call me you need me I got'chu Dont call in vain cause I'm warning you, you might regret it Ask me for help and I'm running But make sure it's real or this friendship's over [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: She Knows Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] She's the perfect daughter Had everything you ever wanted, in you Planned with false hopes Major insecurities showed It wasn't but you say Made no difference And I'm hoping that some day That with this change She knows I really hope that she knows What she could be She knows I really hope that she knows Turn out to be [Matt Martians] She's like the perfect daughter She's never had anything given You weren't careful And now you have a son to hold [Syd Tha Kid] It wasn't but you say Made no difference And I'm hoping that some day That with this change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Fastlane Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] Drivin in my car Damn near cut me off And now you're in the fast lane So you better not slow me down And I refuse to change my direction So you best make up your mind Before I get caught in the intersection and minor traffic lights Sending me mixed signals Get right or get left Don't seem like you're ready So just get out my way 70 in six Get right or get left Don't tell me you're sorry Just get out my lane You're slowin me down {*2X*} [Syd Tha Kid] And now we're moving faster, you're catching up to speed And yes your car looks good to me - and you know it Don't try to speed off, like I didn't teach you, well you know Are you ready for the open road? You're slowin me down {*2X*} [Syd Tha Kid] Warning signs were there, but we never cared So we crashed, and learned a lesson And to take care of the damage We need to admit that accidents happen So if it's cool with you I'll just be on my way The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Coco O Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Visions Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Coco O] Time and time again, minded out my past Damn it's so familiar, that they hardly ever last Now they tryin to tell me, messed up out my mind Called and saved my pain, got the ones you'll never find It's all right {*5X*} We can play chess all night It's all right We can play chess all night [repeat 3X] Tell me that I'm all right - tell me [Outro] Tell me!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: The Garden Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for the first 0:25*} [repeat 6X] Said I don't know about you, but I'm comin down Yeah, I'm comin down now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet f/ Coco O Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Lonely Notes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*instrumental for 0:51*} [Coco O] Syd If you wanna roll with me fine Just mind I can't stay out all night [Syd Tha Kid] Baby it's okay Just tell me when to take you home Cause I Wanna wanna hold you, I do Ba-by, you don't have to have a reason why You don't have to live that life Get it out your mind Zooming nine to five for your love [Coco O] Hey If I wasn't acting quite right I'm just shy Its just me, myself, and I [Syd Tha Kid] Don't hesitate To call me on the telephone Cause I don't want you to be alone Noo ohhhhh [Outro] I'm I really supposed to Supposed to be I don't really know what it is Am I really that lonely? I don't Maybe you can even Teach me how to smoke weed And I can meet some of your... friends The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Live it Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] Say babe, I'm liking what you do to me So how about you and me - keep it up, keep it up Hey lady, did you know you were the reason Never catch me leaving - so keep it up, keep it up [Interlude] I don't give a -- what people say They're going to talk either way Lets just have fun while we can enjoy ourselves Don't wanna give it up, might as well live it up Don't wanna give it up, might as well live it up Don't wanna give it up, might as well live it up Don't wanna give it up, so we might as well live it up [Syd Tha Kid] Hey babe, and since my new addiction You got me lifted - so keep me up, keep me up Hey lady, if you're ever feelin saucy Tell me when you want me - to beat it up, beat it up [Interlude] + [Chorus] [Syd Tha Kid] We don't have to rush it, we can take our time, take our time But we both know what we want want, so what's it gonna be? And no one has to know it but us, but us baby Just my love, I finally found someone who actually agrees [Interlude] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Partners in Crime Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid] We can conquer the world Just you and me, no one else Tell me if that's cool What'chu wanna do? Ahh ooo-ooh Guns drawn in an all black car Bustin out all the lanes, who got somethin to say about us? We can rob this world blind, and maybe next time they'll think twice before they try fuckin with us [Interlude] Just imagine what it'd be like be like If you and me ruled everything What would it be? What would it be? Can you imagine what it'd be like be like If you and me ruled everything What would it be? Or would it be cool? [Syd Tha Kid] If we would conquer the world Would you be down to roll with me Like Bonny and Clyde 'Til the end of time [Chorus] + [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Internet (Matt Martians & Syd Tha Kid) Album: Purple Naked Ladies Song: Of It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Syd Tha Kid: repeat 2X] Once we had a love, we had a thing We were the best of friends Now we're at the part where we split ways and never speak again Next you're gonna find someone new Someone new, annnnd That'll be the end of it Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Bullshittin' Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Today is another toilet, I'm sorry to spoil it My heart lays behind a fortress Going to walk or you gon' forfeit? My horses would top a Porche My source's are anti-dormant Never snoring What's the morning to a 24 fitness? What's the difference when money pulls women, honey ho bitches? Wanna be your misses Look at her cleaning up your kitchen and shit Find out about your other bitch she gonna be bitching in fits Out she would be going with her 'til she's so in the quick Life is sweet, but it could turn on you, honey and milk Read apologies and weap I'll just run with the guilt See, I'm a fiend for a guilty pleasure In a day who could draw you to a filthy measure Go up in a dresser Pull that costume out and dress-up Vivid pictures you will remember forever She too clever Scars you'll leave for this sever Several emeralds placed within the gold I'll break your heart, you been the gold I'll play the heart beside your soul [Verse 2] Ashes to ashes Backflashes, me and you playing with matches Girl, ashes to ashes We were asses to asset, no half-step You always beat me to the punch, jab left I get mad skeptical about shit, but I ain't no ho Looking through your clothes trying to get the password to your phone See, I got my own, king of my own throne I be in my chair, half the time you think I'm blown Like, what the fuck you be on, my nigga? On another day long, singing songs, my nigga Predators get on their knees and prey on it, getcha It's better to read it and weep than read a holy scripture Moments are components of a frozen picture And if it isn't captivated, it's evaporated A mean nigga spitting nice words To a bright bird with slight curves Iceberg The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Cookie Coma Typed by: AZ Lyrics Okay, okay Everybody celebrate like it's a holiday Let me guide the way, no it isn't fathers day Or mothers day but the other day I had a dream I wasn't K He slang that yay got done away In the rectum of the hood and I ain't sprung to say Guns don't protect them for the good But they fuckin' spray Afrochines sucha bad cold dream I'm dreamin' it's reality, it struggles and it battles me They wanna fry me like they battered me I'm a diamond they can't shatter me Through casualty I'm' actively transparent to a brand clarence I probably would be deceased if it wasn't for my grandparents Papa was a pastor, grandma the pastor's wife Slit your writs and swallow knives, Bitch it's super six for life I'm too legit for life, I should get a grip and die Fuckin' take a trip and fly and never come down I be in my own world, gold teeth in my crown Bitch I travel round the world, like nigga fuck yo' town Paper plane takin' off soon as it touch yo' ground Who said the lost boys a never be found You speakin' down on odd future, it's a fuckin' pronoun Twenty-one in the league ho I'm a fuckin' pro now You mainstream niggaz, slow down I turn this to a ho down Wavin' that four-four round, empty all of those rounds On some wild wild wild west shit Death will probably be next pick to exit I'm sick of all these bullshit hoes, I got responsibilities She feelin' me as I'm fe- feelin' on her tititites To do infinity, I'm the remedy to a penalty For once I take this shit genially, generally I'm takin' shots like Kennedy, like fuck the enemy Whatever enters me is meant to be, I am what I eat Brocoli pasta, rotisserie, dark meat Smoke weed till I feel my heart beat Drink like a alchohlicly close fit from out the closet The art belongs to whoever draws it, at heart I'm an artist Who knows his flow is flawless I got affection for whatever the cause is, who caused it (lemme know, lemme know) Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Lately Typed by: AZ Lyrics Lately I've been hearin' other people talkin' 'bout me Hatin' on my name like I'm some joke When I catch the nigga, slap the nigga with my pimphand Shut the fuck up like he never spoke Don't let these suckers mistake you, they only entertainment They're arms are tied connected to a rop [Verse 1] You said, you heard of my name, and you know where I'm from So I shouldn't play that hoegame, call you honeybun I wasn't hollarin'at you girl, you are the ugliest one I like to clown and see what's down with your friend tryin' to get drunk 2 of my homies, some of your girls, but I want 1-on-1 We can play hide it and get it, she gon' run for the fun I'm a get it, cause I'm young and dumb, sack full of cum She let me hump, but I didn't cum, cause she said my name or some stuff [Verse 2] Smoke my weed like everyday Niggaz still got shit to say I don; t even look they way As long as I am getting cake Say what you wanna they ain't gon' change The fact that I rap for a livin'in the bank Smoke dank on a regular basis Countin' big on faces Different places, and races Some accept and some racist Whatever the fuck your page is I turn this shit just like stations (Fuck the radio nigga Get that money Wolf Gang!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Samurai Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus 2X] Cadillac gold grills in my mother fuckin' mouth Cocaine, gold chain rests on my vertebrae All them niggaz that be hatin' better watch what they say I heat 'em up, beat 'em up I'm Cassius Clay [Verse 1] Mountain Climbing's about the rhyming, I (work) to the tippy-top Me, my notepad, Mary Jane, sticky pot Ticks from the clock, so it means I don't get to stop I be in the studio pacing, waiting for this shit to drop Niggaz wish whether we flop Divac Flock to take me a boombox, every fucking 2 knocks I see you running ya chops, chop it up and get chopped Bag 'em up, he off the docks, and bitch I'm at the beach Bitch I'm at the beach, (oh) bitch I'm at the beach With a childish flow, that means this shit is at your reach I'm here to keep it g, from the eyes (I's) how I see You're here to be a b-i-t on my d I need no ID for you to recognize I exercise my thought, got you petrified, bitch I'm next to die (Die) Consider me invisible, and also one mentally fucked individual (A bunch of coughing and trading blunts, passing the weed around) [Chorus 2X] [Verse 2] Why the fuck got these niggaz gotta hate for? I got a lot of shit they can't pay for Cooler than the beach, fuck the lakeshore You niggaz take six, well I'mma take more I'm like a virgin dick, I go hard, and I get up in your bitch and boguard (both gone?) Niggaz riding waves without the chauffeur I'mma drown your ass and take your surfboard (PUSSY!) My shit stink, no cushion Whoopie Goldberg I beat the track Goldberg Dusting off my shoulders and keep it moving forward Nigga sat and playing Madden on the couch, bored Slower, you mother fuckers goin' nowhere Except for taking Grandma to the store Turn the television on and check the score And trail like a tail on a fucking horse The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: In a Dream Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Hodgy Beats] Both of my eyes are closed, I roll on my clairvoyance Thats why we make appointments, there are no disappointments And it makes it less awkward when you smile through my avoidance Your heart speaks to your mind and rejoices But reality had set its path, you are stuck with your choices And none of them have to do with me I'm empty, you are full of me A fool for me, compulsively destructing my cell phone Building hand held behind the wheel screamin' and speedin' You're crying, I feel like crashing and causing an accident I've had it with the angry passionate love That was mistaken for lust fabricant You forgive me for all of my accidents I've had the last of it Pick up speed on Laurel Canyon, chancing to crash the whip, Im fast in it Body's adrenaline rush, and a sentiment touch Relevance is much stiff as elephant's tusk After hits of that hells angels dust Stone rollin' to find myself at the liquor store Maybe I can get some help at the liquor store (store?) Give me that Jack off the shelf in the liquor store Popped the bottle in the parking lot, girl you get to pour I'm writing ryhmes these are fighting lines Or guidance lines, just abide by mines Or divide the times we've shared And your a part of time, with the war that you declared And we share it together like an eclair Cuz I just wanna be fair, and you just wanna be here I don't understand it, I'm anger managed I fucking panic, you stress me to the point I'm frantic Sirens, ambulances, emotional inbalances Beautiful ballerina dances as I spin her body like a dreidle She asks me if I love her I told her keep it under the table Only if I'm able on and off like bad cable And this is not a fable, this is somewhere I've been A wishing well, me, sin, cinnamon and my pen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Ave Typed by: AZ Lyrics Just another day in the life, hodgy beats I am sickly prickly, apparent through pairs of crews Down your avenue I got a pair to shoot, they fall without their parachute I knock him out his pair of shoes Truth is a win, I dare to lose You niggaz are very cube Remember when I was broke and I didn't have shit? I had that ebt, I get that money and I flip Those days were shades of blue, a nigga was so sick And now I'm on the come-up but she don't cum up quick Rubble young man run but I be in trouble with my fists Breakin' jaw and take ya bitch She passenger in my whip She tatted across her tits like me "MellowHype" But the hype is so mellow, and tonight we go rebel I'm way ahead of ya sunshine, I'm night time Midnight in this right mind, where the daylight never shines I'm in particular the extra curriculum Rolling up that sticky dum, ain't stop till I'm feelin' numb I'm on a hiatus, man I'm one with the clouds I'm on a hiatus, man I'm one with the clouds I wave hi to the haters cause none of them are allowed In the back of the vip with a sack of weed, my peeps chilling Stupid broads and superstars, no ordinary civilians Trying to live to see a million, rapping cereal killin' In my bowl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Lamented Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] I'mma lower the brightness on my Mac book, till the screen look like a black book Gold lettering and I pre-occupy what weather brings For worse to better sings I can hear the melodies of a goddess Genus comes from a peonies, beautiful's meant to be honest Added this is I cleanse illness This is my refinement, her name is Karmen nickname her Karma cause when she come around that's another sound I'm a prisoner for her wines, Cabernet or her bourbon cause I go from cold to having a sweat I just wanna drink out of your cup (swag, swag, swag) I just want to drink out of cup I just wanna feel your body bang, body bang, body hit me{?} I just wanna be comfortable{?} (You know I just wanna become the, yeah) [Verse 2] Nigga this Higashi Miyagi fresh off that water boat I went swimming in someone's daughter and I caught her throat I autobosting{?}, autoboat, replay's I'm too hard to quote Wave to the loser and the poser and disregard the floats Amphibian, and Caribbean, Shorts and flops you seem me in, but this swagger you can't take on Go and attempt to beat me then, but can he {?}, women and tiki sippin, genie wishin My phones home on the charger, left a note told you "goin' fishin" Now how'd I come up missin'? Bitch you don't pay attention, but you stay bitchin' I just wanna be comfortable livin' life, livin' life, livin' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: If Heaven Is a Ghetto Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse] If Heaven's a ghetto, I want to live in the suburbs Where the two-way streets have lovebirds I'm minimizing my cuss words No absurd, crip in the blood work or knowing how a gun work Drugs church, surrounded by my upbringing Pops ain't the one providing, at six I'm up singing This is my the contribution of what's bringing the luck Of the child in the truck when he shows up breathing They never heard of heat when he used to speak Or exquisite, no requisite for appetite Spit like an athlete, produce like an apple tree And it's bastard to be casket-free Fuck roses, when I die I want a photo shoot That lasting greatness you'll document, I'm opulent Yeah the opposite gon' cop a sit, sick while I drop a shit I'm out this bitch, nigga, I'm calculate Niggaz tell me I fail, I bounce back off of that Send your hate through the mail, I bounce back off of that You don't see me in jail, I'm at home taking naps Full course meal, no scraps The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Higashi Loves You Typed by: AZ Lyrics Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby [Verse 1] I felt the beat in my heart Other niggaz pump they brains Give me the dank and strains, I'll hop into my paper plain Niggaz run they mou-ou, shit I do the same The only difference is I'm getting it bitches Cause money addiction, the addict is unrestricted to the life that I'm living Man the life that I was given was purposely handed to me I swear it was granted to me I'm rose gold frozen, my nigga you granite to me uh That was what I call a fun time punch line With'cha bitch in the summer time and guess what, she undermines Under minded, you have to underline it A literate, triple six What he fuck the time is (Golf Wang) Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby [Verse 2] I flow so hard, you can't tell if my dick or gun'll bust I'm sick I need that robituss' and that lobster stroganuff I'm faded, chauffeured up, smokin' up Rollin' up another dutch Amsterdam where the women are dutch Freaks that don't talk much Red-heads gimme that bed-head I told Becky to give me that red-neck And I'm rocking my Nigga hat Like a nigga back and my nigga strapped Gun shot with it, guns shot with it, (click) gun shot with it I'm a be a fucking legend like 2Pac & Biggie And smoke the signals to tell the lord to come and get me Or a higher power to arrive in an hour I got to blow this ounce and put my shades on so let's bounce (yep) Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby Somebody loves you baby oh oh oh Somebody loves you baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ L-Boy Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Hi Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [L-Boy] Let me tell y'all niggaz a little motherfuckin story real quick Once upon a time There's this group of dusty-ass motherfuckers Create a little group for themselves They called themselves Odd Future These lil' niggaz made a motherfuckin tape, "Odd Future Tape Volume 2" You know, that ugly ass nigga Tyler with his bitch ass I should FUCK that nigga up when I see him! Nappy-ass hair Left Brain, that nigga ugly as FUCK!! Big-ass nose Syd gay ass, puttin her clit on other bitches nipples and shit whatnot Matt big ass, big-ass nigga with some small ass earrings, bald Mike G, crusty ass... My nigga Earl ugly as FUCK! Let's have a moment of silence for that nigga real quick Fuck silence! Fuck that My nigga Jasper, dirty fat ass That nigga boxers STANK! My nigga Frank Fuck, fuck Frank nigga! Fuck him Taco, old young bitch ass I should, aww fuck, I hate all these niggaz! And you know, that little short gay light-skinned nigga Hodgy and that fat-ass nigga Domo; let me just {*blows raspberry*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Domo Genesis, Hodgy Beats Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Bitches Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Bitch~! Haha [Domo Genesis] It's the five-nine taper fade; Sideline Laker game High Times save a page; they already know the name It's Doms in this bitch; I mean it's real shit takin place Money still the motive and I'm clockin it like Flavor Flav [Hodgy Beats] Let me take my scarf off, 5-4-3-2-1 bitch Hodgy bout to barf logs, I be spittin fire Campin makin s'mores; my flow be trampin like you whores I'm suicidal fuck the door, I'm and if but and or [Domo Genesis] Bitch; what the fuck is you talkin' bout if you ain't gettin no money huh? Broke niggaz just talkin loud, I swear you niggaz is funny bruh We what the fuck is up, twenty-twelve, clutch as fuck Fast lifestyle nigga slow me down double cup [Hodgy Beats] Old school visions, rhyme ambidextrous I switch hands 5 o'clock when yo' bitch landm by 6 she will be quicksand Who better than the next nigga? This man Pockets swell up like a sick gland killing your whole ambition.. bitch! [Domo Genesis] My hat says high cause that's exactly how I feel bitch All I need is green grass, and gold on my real bitch Watch me get it nigga, I'ma sell it real quick Hodgy drew the master plan and Domo hit the kill switch [Hodgy Beats] I'm young fellow guy, peddle by, reppin MellowHigh Girlfriend never settles why? Too busy in the, meadows high Out to 'Dena, I'm fresh like I'm out the cleaners Hard wood like an angry beaver, I'm nuts like my fuckin t-shirt - get it? [Domo Genesis] A Phantom you never hand a random rapper eatin cannibal She can't refuse so I let her drink it like it's Danimals Handsome dude she wanna be with standing by camera crews I let her snooze and dream, cause none of them wishes tangible [Hodgy Beats] I'm ballin like Benjamin, it's all about the Benjamins That's why people acknowledge me and I ain't even friends with them Call a hoe then stall a hoe, I'm also dope across the rope Catch my fate I bang grenades and beat your face 'til it's off your throat [Domo Genesis] Please shut the fuck up; let me put this shit to sleep The shit he speak, got him all antsy like it's Christmas week Silly me, riding with several bitches with slim physiques And I'm tryin to see "Lights, Cameras, Action" like Mr. Cheeks [Hodgy Beats] Army.. fatigue, Bape boxes for the league No ghetto barettes and weaves, down to the sleeve for the fees If packaged she'll be petite, know how to roll up my weed Her doing's doin the deed, and she don't really need shit [Domo Genesis] They asking Domo "where you been?" They feel they got ditched Just look for the influence I be under that bitch and It's a headlock when it come to that grip You ain't never met a muh'fucker done it that sick [Hodgy Beats] I'm the best thing yet, I'm the best thing next I bet I'll mess with pre-sets and jet around all these vets That don't know how to let go; this game is filled with a bunch of grey haired dead souls, promise 90 retro, hoe!! [Domo Genesis] Hey y'all, get out of he way cause I'm goin AWOL Bitch lay off the gas that they givin your head tank dog Thinking that you better than me'll get you taped off You either gotta win or go home, bitch it's the playoffs [Hodgy Beats] More luxurious that a throwback with no lo-jack No driver but it got doormats, zero to sixty in like fo' flat You know any nigga that own that? I ain't stuntin, I'm a youngin, me and my niggaz we be thuggin At our shows that we be buggin, groupie loving and we buzzin [Domo Genesis] So meet me in the trap; it's goin down MellowHigh leanin like the jaw of Bobby Brown [Hodgy Beats] Cops arrest me for a DUI prohibition We don't need y'all motherfuckers to stop and listen Golf Wang bitch! Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: NY (Ned Flander) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] ... Carter Wong, bring the challenge from the 8 Masters Hodgy Long, one of them bastards that would head bash ya Yeah we skate mental, but the meaning of a thrasher is to whiplash out and leave you pussy niggaz fractured I need meds from a mental institution 'fore our brain is revenged, free throw finger shootin Record them screamin, interwine them in a loop, then Take the garbage out back, I pay the homage in fact I'm throwin t-bones to these wannabe me clones in their wannabe me clothes, bitch I'm actually old I spin ya like the cover we on, you're in between the pages I'm 21 now, been runnin these Fairfax blocks for ages Organic for breakfast, free-rangin on stages It's 12 noon on my clock, engaged for 12 gauges I spit the plague, and don't believe it be a pagan I'll send your wife dead photos of you taken by Sagan Nigga (bitch) {*some chica cussing out Hodgy and Odd Future in Spanish*} {*she ends with "stupid eses"*} [Tyler, The Creator] This that we shit, hot shit piss off custodians And et rich and marry fat bitch, Lamar Od-iom I'm rich bitch, and y'alls jelly as the jar petroleum that I had used when I eloped with him and 40 Mormons and I'm planning on firin Clancy ain't no damn controllin him, boy You can't carry this gun +Cannon+, +Nick-elodeon+ boy My boy Domo higher than fat bitches sodium And nuggets greener than the fuckin can my Arizona's in I'm sneaking in your kid's ear lobe "Oh no! It's him! Goblin!" Dropped like the soap in the tub And now I have have famous friends who like coke and their drugs Dancin with me, Jerry Sandusky, and the Pope in the club Jerry's tryin to get a tug but isn't paying enough Now if he doubles it I'll tug it in the bathtub with bubbles and a rubber ducky that I got on tour Kentucky with some groupies where I had got lucky with some sucky-sucky trust me honey bunny if you fuck me you gonna leave with runny nose I be runnin in these hoes with no condom on, fuckin fuck me {*more cursing out Odd Future*} [Outro] I sucked, five of your friends fucking DICKS~! You didn't know that but you FUCKED my shit up! You broke my motherfucking heart I sucked five of your friends DICKS Not one, not two, not three, not four but FIVE and one of 'em was fucking FAT~!! (Wait stop...) Keep going? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ The Internet Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Ya Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*indistinct background convo for 16 seconds*} [The Internet] She's all alone, with a bottle of Patron I see youuuu, and ask you where you're from But she tells me just to stop right there cause I'm not gon' get no ass, so I'm on my way But a few more drinks and she returns Don't know what she's sayin, her speech is slurred So I grabbed her waist - and I look you in your eyes You know that I'm horny baby {*2X*} Dance with you {*2X*} You know that I'm horny baby {*2X*} Dance with you; just you, only you [The Internet] You're safe with me, so don't be scared (just come this way) The bedroom, let's go upstairs (just come this way) United we can form as one I just wanna feel that touch then I'm on my way But I think I'm starting to like this girl or maybe I'm just twisted So I'll ask her to stay And I look you in your eyes [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Outro] Do you wanna have some fun? {*4X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Mike G Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Forest Green Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh~! Huh, yeah, uh Mike G uh, Left Brain yo Odd Future Wolf Gang, look Uhh, yeah [Mike G] Follow the leader, bad senoritas in two seaters She love green, that's money, Mary Jane, and margaritas The way it seems, the streets be lookin at me like a teacher They houndin me, like desperate rappers waitin for a feature I ain't sayin I don't need you, I'm sayin let's keep the pace Should be back at your place, just bein patient with'cha feet up They say he's so chill, how does he show no stress? He can't see into the future, how he know what's next? Seein all of these steps that he's takin You're mistaken if they say we ain't so complex I'm tryin to be in the blue coupe, you can't pronounce the name with a bad yellow bitch and she's singin "Purple Rain" so insane And people talkin down on me, I don't really think they should They said they could do it better, I don't really think they could I ain't wolfin niggaz wishes, but I wish a nigga would This ain't as easy as it looks, I just make it look good Yeah they talkin down on me, I don't really think they should They said they could do it better, I don't really think they could I ain't wolfin niggaz wishes, but I wish a nigga would This ain't as easy as it looks, I just make it look good [Mike G] If it's politics we the Presidents, so presence serves a purpose It's obvious that we evidence you payin for a service And I feel, you always think you less than what you can be What does it mean if I think I'm the one these niggaz can't see? Gang mentality, Odd Future is a family My niggaz thrash, I was always anti-plan B Did I lose you? I know I'm much more than yoy used to Now I got these girls steppin out from they usual So they tune in, T.I., see I, realize I'm a stand up guy And these niggaz realize they can't stand to see me on TV So they lose their footin like they was gluttons with diabetes But fuck the bullshit, I'm just tryin to get rich with my middle fingers up screamin "Swag me out bitch~!" Black kid on the corner sellin drugs, go figure Salute them with 21 guns, I'm killin these niggaz Heh, haha, uhh... bitch! Oh, and Free Earl motherfucker... {*long instrumental pause*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Domo Genesis, Hodgy Beats Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Lean Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Oh shit? Yeah.. shut up bitch Bitch, bitch shut up The fuck up The fuck you talkin? Shut the fuck up Bitch [Hodgy Beats] If I was a dinosaur I would be a flexasaurus Since you don't like what the fuck you heard, fast forward to the chorus Hodgy Beats, Odd Future, Golf Wang nigga, but there's more of us Coroner's out when theym killin the gorgeous Diamond cut like what the fuck is flawless? Tell the runner to go and get me some gold, cause I'm bubblin on you horrors I'm such a mystery Mystery is more quiet than a hipster Prius, takin a trip to Egypt Niggaz claim to be scenic when, I know they ain't seen shit I see shit fuckin seasick, rain showers is what I predict My flow is like gymnastics, so, beef flips Patty cake, smoke a pound of 'dro, for the, algae taste Say what up to my pinky, say hi to my index Fuck all the hoes want middle finger, thumb take shots like a Pentax Bitch I kill 'em all, you could just write off they death tax Boxin niggaz out of the mic, punch lines, death match [Domo Genesis] I invented swag, fuck what these other niggaz talkin 'bout Niggaz wanna brag 'bout the shit that they lack but the truth of the fact it's all word of mouth Talk a lot of crap, but ain't shit for sho; Bathin Ape shit that I get for low I don't pay much and I don't say much But I still got a swag you should get to know I flip a show, spend it on apparel Spanish bitch tell me I look mucho dinero Then she say she love me and I tell her I don't care hoe I'm in the fast lane with my foot on the pedal Smash~! I'm takin off Lot of niggaz hate, but I shake 'em off Put that hash in a bong, it'll make you cough And the purp's goin down like the Lakers lost Cause we them niggaz yeah; doper than the 80's baby Careful, I might snatch your bitch and turn her to a wavy lady Scare 'em when I'm taking steps Sorry bitch, I'm paper chase When I get where I am I want my demands with my nuts in my hand like fuckin bait [Hodgy Beats - screaming and growling] Yea! Balls in my hand! Monster cock! Odd Future Wolf Gang Kill Them All! Yeahhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Frank Ocean, Syd & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Analog 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tyler, the Creator] Bitches think I'm crazy but I'm normal I just come off as a psycho maniac when I'm performin That's an act so I don't bore you to death cause I adore you And it's the summer so [Chorus: repeat 2X] Can you meet me by the lake At the park, or in your room? [Tyler, the Creator] You can bring your bitches, I'ma bring my nigg-ars You can practice liking I, I'ma practice that guitar baby It's summer camp, Golf Wang, where the talking trees are You and girls can roll if you [Frank Ocean] If you meet me by the pier, bring the peer, we can menage Ooh, your girlfriend Nicki gots the back I like to massage I'll be in the city with them actresses, the Nissan is down there in the bottom of the lake I'll make sure you have a good time, a good time I'll make sure it's a good time, a good time for you [Tyler, the Creator] Love sick, where's the clinic aid? We're young Fun is what we're having; fuck it, pour a glass of lemonade It's snowcone and Pop Tarts, I got heart and I got you Let me take a dip and you can take a break That's only if you meet me by the lake (Could you meet me by the lake around ten?) {*silence for 14 seconds*} [Syd 1] Meet me at the lake around ten (come through) Just meet me at the lake around ten (it's cool to kick it) Meet me by the lake at ten If I'm not there just call And if you need a way there I'll ride you on my handlebars [Syd 1] + [Chorus] [Syd 2] Kissin under moonlight I can bring you to our tree house We'll be fuckin on the rooftop If you're not down, we can just make out [Syd 3] Meet me at the lake around ten (come through) Just call [Outro] Come alone Yeah, I like, nature Brother life jacket, cause you'll need it where we're goin, take a dip The water's pretty deep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ MellowHype Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: 50 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I'm a lotta narcotics, flow aquatic atomic The way I rhyme in Islamic promises, ignorance is common sense I'm strainin my glottis, fuckin hungry hippopotamus You niggaz are in the bottom pit, obnoxiousness is what I was raised around as a child I'd rather chuck up my middle finger than give a bitch a smile Hostility fer-tile, like my mule and 40 acres Stacy Adam gators, where's that motherfuckin stapler? [Interlude] Uhh, you hear that shit? Ay, run that shit back Yeah that shit hot, nigga [Hodgy Beats] Hostility fer-tile like my mule and 40 acres In my Stacy Adam gators, where's that motherfuckin stapler? Good grades on the wall, niggaz hate to see me do it major I'm just a leader of my team and I ain't afraid of traitors Lacing my shoes, we the MellowHype jews We controllin the crews, drinkin Belgium booze We're animals out the zoos, with a fuse abused Bitches brewin in our stews, on they knees like the pews [Chorus One: repeat 2X] Sock a buster, in his jaw Fuck the police, break the law Twist yo' fingers up, grip your balls If you ain't got heart, you ain't got shit at all [Chorus Two: repeat 2X] Where your homies at? They'll get fucked up too Where your grandma at? She'll get fucked up too Where your bitch at? She'll get fucked up too Where the roof at? We'll stomp that bitch through [Interlude] Here we go ne-gero, I'll sing figaro figaro Chunkin up the Deuce Bigalow, burnin bodies in en-velopes [Hodgy Beats] Owwwwww muh'fucker wanna see you shine, and I got my gold on Clancy said I'm late for my flight, well he better hold on Can't wait 'til I fuckin buy me a jet, and there gon' be some hoes on it Just blow O's on it, count dough on it And mokin in the sky, damage the ozone, don't it? Shit, I'll take a life for my moment's moment Contract your own sale, fuck a deal you're in a auction Turn the bass up, give muh'fuckers concussions Rappers nowadays are all phased when it comes to soft shove If niggaz saying your flow weak, you shoulda bought one You call this brand new, to me it's Santa Cruz Don't find HB the man to lose, no Anna bruise Catch me on MTV or your local channel news In London recordin to Fuse, I'm the man that confused I'm fuckin crazy, need slavery to beat alien gravy but I ain't sayin it til' your muh'fuckin brains gone~! [Chorus One] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats, Frank Ocean Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Snow White Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] WOLF GANG~!! [Hodgy Beats] Gold chain and some J's, like Nas in +Illmatic+ I'm so real, I'm somethin to feel, peel fabric My folks kill, they hunt every meal, meat cabbage Lyrically get out my way, protein, the beats radish Roll the weed LB, the police smell me High profile suite, bring them hoes to the telly - NOT! Bitches fuck yo' shit up worse from DMX in +Belly+ Behind you back plannin your downfall, I thought that was yo' relly Relative, skin her ribs and eat healthy I belch a bitch and leave her tits on the shelfing I felt a bitch, she let me in, welcoming Fuck duct tape nigga, I like Velcro-ing I ain't the one to be tampered with I make you shit all in your pants and your Pamper, bitch Niggaz quick to sing a hook and make a dance up quick For you it's never or never, my camp's legit [Interlude] Wolf Gang! Fuck yo' crew, nigga! This Wolf Gang, nigga! Go the fuck home, nigga! Night night, motherfucker! Smoke up, Left Brain [Chorus: Frank Ocean] Snow so white, moon so bright They're on a, playground makin canines fight Ain't no place for my kids to go [Hodgy Beats] The wolves are rowdy in the parking lot I don't mean basketball when I say that they be ballin in the park a lot It's like the big bad wolf duplicated If they gettin shitted on by critics, it's cool they're super rated Life on the huger playlist, daily's the fuckin basis Accountin for all the hatred, get off the children's sacred I'm international, actual, but in fact I go from the US to the UK to Amsterdam in like 2 days {*static starts to interrupt the beat at the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Rella Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] I fucked this flow [Hodgy Beats] This is my electronic press kit, an artist on fresh shit Nigga recollect bitch, grow grey hairs, don't stress it I text message messages to fuckin estrogen She lets me in, I sex her then she sexier than, my leather vans Cause I never am purchasin, reimbursin your currency Put your body on the curb you see to work the street, I hearse the streets Heard she sweet, she Hershey's sweet, but me I'm extravagent Hop on the bandwagon kid, I'm about to tell you some tragic shit The love is lost and the drugs they cost, in the studio mixin raw Bitchs shit in my drawers like you piss in my drawers Nigga my dick's in her jaw I'm Wes' Snipes with lead pipes, don't dabble with the apple Cause a swagger like mine turn them apples into Snapple Fuck the pick of the raffle, king of the castle Nigga, Genghis Khan mansion, we the Marilyn Manson Makin money in the present, in a safe for my grandsons African drugs for when the champ come (beeitch~!) [Domo Genesis] Suicide watch nigga, kill yourself Opposition who? Nigga reveal yourself How you steal our swag and figure you still yourself? +Splinter Cell+ creepin in this bitch, you couldn't feel the stealth Wolves are prowlin, hunger at it's fuckin best I'm a beast, like the gorilla head that is on my chest Please let me flex, I'm goin off I need some fuckin bread Drugs are green, my bitches white and tonight I need fuckin head Excuse our swag, I'm tryin to tone it down like Jenny Craig Fresh to death, and I guess we lookin like the living dead Oh shit, yo' bitch look at how I'm doin you Bitches on my dick but look at me, I'm fuckin beautiful Niggas tryin to figure out, all I hear in my interviews Is why this so cool? You niggaz are so unusual Wolf Gang, point me to a nigga I should prove it to Under pressure, we just stand in the middle like hula hoops [BHodgy Beats] The fortress is fortified (bitch) Money in my pockets like I'm 45, Hodgy Beats recordin live Bitch I be surely high, and I don't need wings to fly I'm the air with the pigs, Left Brain, Domo Genesis [Tyler, the Creator] Knock knock, who's there? It's me Your girlfriend had a really nice meeting with my dick (What?) I killed that pussy and grabbed that knife Now I got real authentic cheetah print shit (Nigga you're a liar!) Nigga don't believe me Kiss your lady; and boy you're gonna get them heebie jeebies Nigga my dick stay way disease-y, I make it look easy 5150, I'm off the Heezy, you ain't got no fuckin Yeezy? (5 albums, 100 songs, and you ain't got no fuckin Yeezy? I bet you got some J-Kwon, you ain't got no fuckin Yeezy?) Came in the game like Speedy Gonzalez, I'm fuckin Looney See these girls talkin all that shit (what?) I'm just tryna see some tits (what?) Let's get it poppin like, MC Lyte, around some dykes I'm, out this bitch like hocus pocus And me and Lucas got a couple of pickles And met up with bitches, gave 'em cum on their dimples And then my dick went limp so Took about 3 pills of Extenzo Now my dick's longer than a 5 door limo Harder than a soft right hook from Kimbo on PCP and cilantro When I'm with your bitch I'm like, "Where my dick go?" Now she think I'm 'bout to eat her whole, enchilada I gotta lotta that 'Preme and I'm payin nada It seems that I'm product placement but not I'm just fuckin awesome Yo' momma look like a ugly... loser The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ MellowHype, Taco Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Real Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I'm tired of these hoes I need a real bitch To handle all the things that I don't wanna deal with, owwww I said I-I-I, I need a real bitch She buys her own accessories, and her heels sick Hahaha~! That's a real bitch She really want me a lot, but she kills dick Now that's a real bitch And I'm a real nigga, and we the realest Fuck real estate! We in the realest state Countingpaper bills, behind the Billy Gates Peak out my +Left Eye+, look at her +Chilli+ face Could this be +TLC+, or is it really hate Uhh; I need a, I need a real bitch Where my, where my, where my bitches at? [Left Brain] Where my bitches at? {*repeat 4X*} Yeah man, a real bitch She come home, cook a nice little meal for a nigga Y'knahmsayin? A real bitch Don't muh'fuckin run her mouth and shit, y'knahmean? Real bitches wash the dishes, y'knahmean? Real bitches help out to pay the bills and shit, y'knahmsayin? Give a nigga a massage when they come home from a long day at work Some real bitch shit - where my real bitches at? [Taco] I need a real bitch, who can make french toast and suck dick She's five-six with firm tits Went to UCLA until she met my dick You wanted to be a doctor? I, bet, you, did But if if was a fifth then you wouldn't be my bitch Makin steak and bacon that's yo' job you stupid trick Your daddy's rich indeed; now please hit your knees My dick won't suck itself If it wasn't for my cock, you would have bad health You crave my junk Kickboxing lessons so you won't get preg-nant I pull that bastard out myself on some real nigga shit I trap, you suck, and the world fuckin spins Swag {*repeat 4X*} [Left Brain] Ridin with my bitch and you know she hella chill Coachella front row, baby girl pop a pill Show me how you feel, bitch keep it real Swag [Hodgy Beats] Um - a real bitch, let me see She gotta have her own swag which means she's settin trends for all the bitches out there I see you, hehe Um - a real bitch, she has to have her own motherfuckin vehicle annnd, of course she payin for that motherfucker cause she a real bitch y'knahmsayin? She handle her own business A real bitch - don't play no games, at all don't say no names Don't say no pillowtalk up in this motherfucker Wolf Gang needs real bitches, swag swag swag swag And a real bitch gotta know how to roll my weed up Hah!! Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: P Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Broke dick, I'm looking for a drug lord~! [Hodgy Beats] Okay, welcome to my twelve bar, when umm the beat wears it like a kevlar As I smoke my tree medlar, South African Coughin 'til there's pains in my fuckin abdomen {*hacking*} I spit negative just like a halogen My breeze more of a fuckin masculine The rascals win; killin them all with a javelin Snakes, I'm just rattlin, suit taylor never taddlin You niggaz a bunch of squares (bitch!) Madison As far as real niggaz, bitch nigga my battle's sick On top of being talented, bitch I'm fuckin passionate I'm a golden curse, call me treacherou, treasure chest Better yet, I'll build on to the beat like Te-tris Remember me? Forgetfulness, I am your correctionist I stitched Odd and Future together, like a leather vest You fuckin sweater neck, feather peck, rosetta checks I put together decks and push for beef if head for less I'm headed out to Sydney, Australia with Tim Donnelly He gets caught up at security, the TSA don't follow me Tea parties are the shit, forty mags by the scones I'm fighting for gun rights to shoot a nigga in his dome Click your fuckin heels, there's no place like home Cock back and blast off written on the tombstone Ain't that a bitch? That wasn't a full bar Tyler whassup nigga? I can't count (punk ass!) [Tyler, The Creator Let's see; what's wrong with me? Might be my fuckin Tourette's, see? I need a vacation cause all this shit got me stressing So after the showers with Sandusky Me and Sean Kingston went and rented a couple jet-skis Lionel rolled the blunts up, so meanwhile me and Luke is gettin fucked up You can smell us cumin like a faggot when he hics-up Listening to Common's last album to get pumped up So finally ask {*edited*} when I can get my dick sucked You know Casey Anthony, was handling Droppin her kids off so she could come out and dance with me Wine in the pantry, wrestling on my trampoline Learned some new chords while you uncreatives were sampling I'm Wolf, I spit flow retardedly As retarded as the sound of deaf people arguing You hold the future of the kid you daughter's gargling Me, I have the Odd Future motherfucker sargean'ing! (Hey Tyler, calm the fuck down) No, I'm the fuck now My poppa didn't give one, that's why I'm like this now I'm still down to cutthroat; and if another fan asks for a fuckin photo while I'm snackin on my pizza Lunchable I'm 'a fuckin snap like, Berman when he acts right Then have a mental breakdown and proceed to use a crack pipe O.F. will be done for, niggaz will be dumb poor Don't believe me? Okay, be right back I'm headed to the gun store M-16's and them 16's came out of nowhere like your kid's wet dream; what you mean old news? Oh you, really need us to fuckin show you I work harder than findin a fuckin Snickers bar in Whole Foods In a black hoodie, nose bruised and a gold tooth Hopin the fuckin security guard doesn't hold you in custody But luckily I had a couple of guns with me Like gay step-mom, none of you motherfuckers can fuck with me~!! {*chick talking in Spanish about Odd Future and Golf Wang*} {*ends with "por favor"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Frank Ocean Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: White Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Could this be Earth? Could this be light? Does this mean everything's, going to be alright? When I look out my window there's trees talkin like people I've dreamt of storms, I've dreamt of sound I've dreamt of gravity... keeping us around I've slept in the darkness it was lonely, and there was silence And what is this love? I don't feel the sa-aaame Don't believe what this is, could it be given a name? I woke you were there tracing planets, on my forehead But I forget 23, like I forget 17 And I forget my first love, like you'll forget a daydream And what if all my wild friends, and the times I've had with them will all fade to grey soon... on the TV station? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Domo Genesis, Hodgy Beats & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Hcapd Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] Many men has met his fate, murder I premeditate The world is low the devil waits, so I stay high as +Heaven Gates+ See I'm on it everyday, minutes never go to waste If ain't no profit on the way then we can not negotiate Scripture texts for holy sakes, who's tellin what the Lord will say? Until that day, I'll be tunnel vision on the paper chase Odd Future, fuck your feelings, check the score we fuckin winning Check the list we in the building, stupid swag, Paris Hilton More potential, youse a liar, step up we will crucify ya Head first, yeah it's goin down like a scuba diver Need the fire, I'll supply ya, put the hire on the block Swag on deck, if you need it I'll be overstocked [Hodgy Beats] I'm a brother man, with a swagger from the motherlands It tells my hands and rubs my glands, I'm ill as fuck bitch fuck your mans Chingy chong, I'm in Japan, Cheech & Chong wrapped in seran Keep the bong hash in my canister, I'm headed where it's handed first Domo rollin up, Left Brain already smoking You smell that loud ounce? Mary Jane has already spoken My shades on bitch I'm loc'in, no need for aggravations cause a fake nigga in his death bed will be fuckin collaboratin Kush escaped without a roller, high roller no time for strollers Made it stoned cause I'm workin over, too many posers tryin to rob my bowl Kinda strict, Tyler is well represented I fell asleep before you bitch niggaz presented I'm fuckin authentic, remember it You motherfuckers pretending~! [Tyler, the Creator - vocals slowed] Me and Leggo just skated the bowl; next thing you know Wildin out at "Watch the Throne" - I had a dead phone so I gave that little nigga my cam He snapped that shit, the motherfuckers went HAM Like Miss Piggy cunt, around Kermit I'm like how many fucks can I give a day? Fuck respect, I'd rather hang myself on the wall with a noose on neck Before I change to fit in yo' box I'll make sure I can not fit in the house [Tyler, the Creator - normal voice] And I hate genres, fuck hip-hop! with a searching cop, hi-top flip flops in the middle of the winter; y'all like "fuck them kids" like a weird babysitter mindset [slowed down again] My dignity, I'm still trying to find it but I lost it somewhere in Austin in a +Creek+ with +Dawson+ and this vegan bitch trying to eat my sausage (that sounds awesome) Fuck these parties~! I'm real awkward I stand there, I don't know what to do man I'd rather be at home with my crew and my new rooms staring at my brand new Moon Man Listenin to MF Doom and Wooh Da Kid and Brick Squad 1017 (Nigga shout out to Waka) Rest in peace Slim Golf Wang motherfuckin triple six we is three twins Free my little nigga Sweatshirt Gang name stitched into my sweatshirt Bow down until your motherfuckin neck hurt Respect me (Do we run shit?) Nigga, yes indeed Cheech & Chong, I don't need a bong though I do have friends who got weed that's strong I need a tree house, air hockey Ping-pong, a mini ramp A little tramp on a trampoline (Have you heard the end of "The Window?") Nigga fuck the team Okay I'm just playin, I love you niggaz I hate these niggaz, fuck these niggaz Fuck everybody who doubted me The only ones I care abouts the ones that surroundin me (Odd Future!) Fuck all you industry niggaz man Y'all see me at parties, stop comin up sayin "Odd! Well let's collab" I don't fuck with none of you niggaz All y'all can suck my motherfuckin dick Fuck all you labels Fuck every fuckin DJ I hope y'all don't play none of my shit Suck my motherfuckin dick And don't come up to me at the next event I don't want yo' fuckin number, yo' business card Fuck yo' company I'm not performin at none of your shit Don't ask for my fuckin manager's e-mail I don't fuck with none of you niggaz Golf Wang, free Earl nigga Fuck Steve Harvey!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Domo Genesis & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Sam (Is Dead) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Domo Genesis] This life is a game if you wanna play, countin all your own mistakes Livin it with no delay, so fast I'm gettin growin pains Father didn't show me my instincts to take the open lane I go insane, all these problems come with my growing age Blowin haze; tryin to clear the doubt that's sittin on my brain I don't complain, but the kid inside me feelin so restrained Gotta stay golden let desire rekindle the flame Searchin for the Fountain of Youth, when I'm free in my brain [Chorus One: Tyler, the Creator] (Bring in the horns) You hear that fuckin brass? (Fucking brass, nigga) That's little boy nigger with the trumpets Marching with the bandwagon looking for his heart, no sleeve but his hand carry muskets Lurking in the meadows, Oblivion Motherfuck Giupetto he's a leader, not a puppet Some Professors +Nuttier+ than Klump's dick So think before you blink and "aye aye" make assumptions [Chorus Two: repeat 2X] Niggaz (Your left! Your left! Your left, right, left!) Niggaz is comin! (Your left! Your left! Your left, right, left!) [Tyler, The Creator] They want a story, a story, I write the shit that I find very amusing cause all of they fuckin stories are boring It's really awkward to know that a bunch of kids do adore me It's like I fathered these fuckers, so you won't find me on Maury I'm still a kid in my heart, so I have a problem maturing but it'll come from experiences and shit I see touring I'm like a bird when I'm soaring, really high and I'm really horny from watching this porn; nope but [Chorus One] + [Chorus Two] [Interlude] Five {*vocal scratch: "bring in the hook"*} Four {*vocal scratch: "bring in the hook"*} Three {*vocal scratch: "bring in the hook"*} Two {*vocal scratch: "bring in the hook"*} Now where's, Tyler? [Tyler, the Creator] Bottom of the countdown; shit ain't been the same since I found out Hodgy Beats ghostwrote for Bow Wow Now I'm the loud shot, body-style foulmouthed fucker That your teenage kid likes to bow down Riding around town in Seattle with the same shotgun that Kurt used to CLICK CLAK BOOM POW Still suicidal, but some assume that I'm cool now cause I got a fucking award in my own room now Nope~! But I can flip shit like a couch pillow Annnd, have my death silent like a loose vow The bandwagon turned into caboose, so So, don't let that little nigger trumpet lose sound Just let him play The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Domo Genesis Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Doms Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Shit sound like some... Al Green shit nigga... Yo Dom... please... hit these niggaz... Woo-hoo-hoo shit! Whew... this is perfect This beat is fuckin perfect That beat is perfect (Domo motherfuckin Genesis) Thse pink pants go perfect with these shoes (I want EVERYBODY in this motherfucker) (Roll a blunt up RIGHT NOW~!) Make that, I like this, Bape short shoe combination And I got a Capri Sun in me, a cold Capri Sun Ahhhhhhhhh! Whew, strawberry (Bass motherfucker, uhh, hit these niggaz man!) [Domo Genesis] I'm a muh'fuckin asshole It's natural to act bashful, in the presence of niggaz with cash flow I spaz hoe, layin somewhere close to where the grass grows Listening to jazz cause these niggaz mad trash, yo And that, kickin dust, my shit is ridiculous Quickly put my dick in sluts who nose tend to be stickin up Silly niggaz, give it up, no person is sick enough The doctor need to fix me up, fix me up Miss Nurse in the red shirt, I'ma need some fuckin head work Talk you into anything, with talkin I'm an expert Just talkin to you niggaz and it's soundin like my best work Best work? For now, yes; with every drop I'm better Better than the rest, these niggaz apply pressure These niggaz, every verse is lyrically death to these niggaz When that hearse drop you, six feet death for you niggaz Many men opposing me, no success for you niggaz And I'm still on my bullshit, loc'in with a full clip That's the iPhone full of verses that I could spit Preachin to the real, while he standin at the pulpit Throwin middle fingers at the haters like, "What's good bitch?" (Niggaz ain't ready man!) Naw really, what's trilly hood bitch? Hair my Maaco, nigga extra mayo That's the Frigidaire billionaire Bruce Wayne flow Show the fuck out, dunk on a nigga and just hang yo I'ma boss nigga, fuck what it cost nigga You wanna oppose me? Chunk up a loss nigga Get lost nigga, out my vicinity Cause I terminate your kind, lames is the enemy (Fuck it!) And these haters won't get my energy T the C, we did it G And I'm higher than an Asian score on SAT's Annnnnnnd ahh whatever [Outro] Wooooooooo! Wolf Gang nigga Golf Wang nigga, uhhh Real nigga, nigguh! Make me smack a muh'fuckin nigga I'll muh'fuckin... fuckin Oooh you don't, don't even know I'd just DO IT!!!! Nigga (Good job Dominique, bang bang) {*laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) f/ Jasper Dolphin, L-Boy, Taco & Tyler, the Creator Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: We Got Bitches Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [L-Boy] Goooood DAMN nigga!!! This shit ignorant as fuck my nigga!!! Bitches,this your motherfuckin chance Get on that motherfuckin dance floor, shake that ASS bitch!!! If you got a problem with a nigga sock that motherfucker in his motherfuckin jaw right now nigga If you didn't know nigga If you didn't know nigga I'MMMMM BAAAAAAAAAACK~!! [Taco] Spit on a bitch, punch on a bitch After I eat some steak, have her tug on my dick Nigga filthy rich, two car notes No house nigga, that's how I roll Yeah nigga I, do this fuckin shit Count money, get my hair braided by yo' bitch She drivin me, around town nigga Where I'm at nigga? Dog pound nigga Oh shit nigga, what's good hoe? Your bitch givin' me head, countin money though 2 Chainz, three dames Rollin with my niggaz cause we gang bang I roll big, we roll deep Only skate in the streets, what's good nigga? I'm hood nigga, with my hood niggaz We ratchet, we goon in the hood section [Chorus: repeat 2X] We got bitches; we got bitches, we got bitches We got diamonds; we got diamonds, we got diamonds We got cars; we got cars, we got cars We got jacuzzis, and yo' bitch be on my dick [Jasper Dolphin] Whattup nigga? Where's motherfuckin Gucci?  Mobbin in the club, 60 niggaz deep Keep talkin shit and you'll meet 60 feet Jasper on everything, that's all a nigga see and fuck with a bad bitch I'm smokin on some weed Nigga got rocks, shout out to the team Posted in the house, nigga countin green Golf Wang, Wolf Gang, niggaz knowm what our name Six hundred sixty six, bitches on my dick mayne Six, hundred, and sixty motherfuckin six, bitches on a nigga dick Wolf Gang nigga; fuck everybody else [Tyler, the Creator] Sock that bitch out! Sock that bitch out, nigga don't give a fuck Get yo' bitch jumped! Get yo' bitch jumped by six niggaz nigga Diamonds on my neck! All this ice nigga, I'm cold; nigga I don't give a fuck! I don't give a fuck about none of that shit nigga, what's good? V.I.P.! We got bitches and gold bottles nigga Valet at the mall! Nigga Gucci Guc' with nice interior Buy that motherfucker out! Sean John, Gucci Broke niggas, I'm ballin (nigga I'm paid) on your bitch [Outro] Mmm mmmm Bet you wanna fuck Uhhhh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Odd Future (OFWGKTA) Album: The Odd Future Tape Volume 2 Song: Oldie Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Taco] Yo shout out to everybody that worked on the album, you feel me son? Yo, shouts out to Ty Dollas Shouts out to Hodgy Daddies, shouts out to Left Brizzle Shouts out to Dom-yen, shouts out to Frankie Ocean Shouts out to Syd the Dude, shouts out to L-Boy Awwwwwww [Tyler, the Creator] The big-eared bandit is tossin all his manners in a bag and wrappin them in Saran wrap bandages Tossin 'em in baskets with the rest of those sandwiches So when he says ketchup/catch-up, it looks like an accident Ummm, flowing like my pad is the maxiest My bitch white and black like she's been mimicking a panda It's the dark skinned nigga, kissing bitches in Canada Then kicking all out like Mr. Lawrence did Pamela Put her in the chamber, all against her Wilt Chamberlain I never had a Reason, nigga I was just Ableton Not a fuckin logic, contradicting dick head Flyer than an ostrich moshing in a tar pit Semen scented cheetah printed tee In that 'Preme five panel, I'll repeat it for the season Previous items in the present With the normal-ass past like I cheated on my team It's me (Man, tried to get that nigga but, Golf Wang) [Hodgy Beats] To have some type of knowledge that is one perception but knowin you own your opponent is a defeating bonus I'm Zeus to a Kronos, cartilage cartridges boneless Smiles of cowards in lead showers Dead spouses in red blouses Children who fled houses on Mustang horses and went jousting I'm on my Robin Hood shit, robbin in the hood Whips, drugs, jewels, and your pet, I'm stealing your rims Coke diamonds and your Vette, soldiers lace the fuckin boot And salute like the troop, when they shoot you gon' BRRRP It's Kill Hodgy, nigga stay the fuck off my stoop And out my Kool-Aid... juice! [Left Brain] Whassup BITCH~?! Hodgy got the juice, I got the gin Jasper got the Henny, my nigga we get it in Wolf Gang party at the hotel I call a hoe, you call a hoe, and all the hoes tell You know Left Brain need a freak I need a bitch to go down like a Nitty beat Yup... uhh, and her ass fat Don't be surprised if I ask where the hash at Nigga I'm tryin to smoke, bitch get higher Domo where that Flocka Flame? Talkin 'bout a lighter Still bang salute me or just shoot me Cause if you don't salute me then my team will do the shooting Yeah my nigga Ace will pull your blackjack The kinh Mike G's in the cut with the black Mac We like the mafia bitch, don't get to slackin up And if these haters actin up we throw 'em in the aquaduct Free my nigga Earl yo, I don't really ask for much but two bad bitches in front of me cunnilingus [Mike G] Y'all hear; what the fuck is caution? Often, I leave 'em flossin and cause exes next to coffins Lost in translation, the dreams you chase Got you divin for the plates like you stealin home base That's great! I'm home alone, dreamin of two on ones with Rihanna and Christina Milian, bring it on And Travis is in the closet organizin and hangin the tramp Three lettermans that Ace has been making him No strays while we catchin matinees, huh? I'm gettin blazed thinkin 'bout those days I had the top off the GT3 like toupees One finger in the air, all's fair when crime pays My, grand scheme of things is to be attached to the game like bitches to their wedding rings And you don't even need to look, cause we gleam obscene In the light, ride slow to my yellow diamond shinin like the Batman logo over Gotham Rock L.A. to Harlem If you say "Get 'em Mike G" then I got 'em One man squadron, nigga I'm a problem From Briggs, I got bars and plans to pimp these Polish bitches into pop stars Humanity kills, we all suffer from insanity still And if I said it, then it is, or it's gonna be real O.F. 'til I OD and I probably will, uh [Domo Genesis] It's still Mr. Smoke-a-Lot-of-Pot, get your baby mommy popped with my other snobby bop, do I love her? Probably not Know your shit is not as hot as anythin I'll fuckin drop Bitch I'm in the zone, stand alone, like Macaulay Caul' I've been runnin blocks since a snotty tot Big Wheel was a big deal with the water Glocks Now I'm all grown, same song, just a different waltz Fire what I talk, but still cooler than an Otter Pop Op, Dom next shit in your wish list Mad sick shit, mad dick for your bitches On some slick shit, your mistress on my hitlist And I'm lifted 'til I'm stiff outta this bitch Odd in your muh'fuckin area Blood claats give me five feet 'fore I bury ya Suicide flow, let the big wave carry ya Tyler got the mask like he held Jim Carrey up And fuck your team, hoe nigga whassup? Wolf Gang so you know we not givin no fucks You know me dawg, I'ma chill in the cut so I can cut it short, break it down, couple pounds and roll it up (Get me a Persian rug where the center looks like Galaga) [Frank Ocean] Rent a super car for a day Drive around with your friends, smoke a gram of that haze Bro easy on the ounce, that's a lot for a day But just enough for a week, my nigga what can I say? I'm hi and I'm bye, wait I mean I'm straight I'ma give you this wine, the runner just brought the grapes My brother give it some +Time+ Morris and Day Course you know the vibe's as fly as the rhymes On the song, cut and you could sample the feel Headphone bleed, make this shit sound real Used to work the grill, Fatburger and fries Then I made a mill' and them psychics was liars Now, how many fuckin crystal balls can I buy and own? Humble old me had to flex for the folks Down in Muscle Beach pumping iron and bone Bumpin oldies off my cellular phone... Yeah, bumpin oldies off my cellular phone... Bumpin oldies off my cellular phone! (God dammit, this rappin is stupid and it's hard) (Gotta do it over and over and over again but here I go) [Jasper Dolphin] Hey it's Jasper, not even a rapper Only on this beat to make my racks grow faster Got a TV show, so I guess I'm an actor Pothead, half baked, lookin like Chappelle Rollin up a blunt with that fire from hell Still ignorant, still hit a bitch Wolf Gang nigga, so I still don't give a shit Catch me in the back with Miley on my lap Bong rips as I feel on that little bitch cat Hah, nigga came through with a 9 bar real quick Just for the bitches, little bit of money in my pocket Fuck it, Wolf Gang (Yeah... fuck that!! Haha) [Earl Sweatshirt] Look, for contrast here's a pair of lips Swallowin syrup and settin fire to sheriff's whips (Whoops whoops) Fuckin All-American terrorist Crushin rapper larynx to feed 'em a fuckin carrot stick And me? I just spent a year Ferris'n and lost a little sanity to show you what hysterics is Spit til' the lips meet the bottom of a barrel So that sterile piss flow remind these niggaz where embarrassed is Narrow, tight line, might impair him since I made it back to Fahrenheit and grimey get dinero type Feral, fuckin ill apparel, wearin pack of parasites And threw his own youth off the roof after paradise La-Di-Da-Di back in here to fuck the party up Raidin fridges, tippin over vases with a tommy gun Never dollars, poppa make it rain hockey pucks And sixty day chips from fuckin awesome anonymous Call him bloated 'til he show 'em that the flow deluxe Off the wall loafers, Four Loko in a cobra clutch Vocals bold and rough, evoke a hoe to pose as drum and let me hit and beat it with a stick until the hole is numb The culprit of the potent punch Scoldin hot as dunkin scrotum in a Folgers cup or Nevada, drivin drunk inside a stolen truck, shittin like his colon bust Belly full of chicken and a fifth of old petroleum Supernova, I'm rollin over the novices and roamin through the forest and spittin cold as his porridge is Stay gold 'til the case closed and the story end Post-mortem porkin this rap shit and record it to escort it to the morgue again, lord of lips, bored of this Forklift the tippy top, best under 40 list Stormin the gate, ensurin the fate Scorchin, leave these motherfuckers sore in torso and face Uhh~! Get at me, we savages, half a pack of Apache Indian pack of niggaz who don't give a fuck if we nasty as flatulence As a matter of fact, your swagger is tacky So see me you can't, like Crunchy Black catchin a taxi Uh, back like lateral passing with that motherfuckin gladiator manner of rapping As an addict I let Percocet and Xannies relax me Fall back if your paddies is maxi, please [Tyler, the Creator] OF, shit that's all I got From my bigger brother Frankie to my little brother Tac' From that father figure Clancy to that skatey nigga Naks Shreddin down 'Fax, Wolf Gang run the fuckin block Storefront, knee tat Book cover is the same lettering on lettermans and cotton socks And grip tape... and my shoes, um I was 15 when I first drew that donut Five years later for our label, yeah we own it I started an empire, I ain't even old enough to drink a fucking beer, I'm tipsy off this soda pop This is for the niggers in the suburbs And the white kids with nigger friends who say the n-word And the ones who got called weird, fag, bitch, nerd cause you was into jazz, kitty cats, and Steven Spielberg They say we ain't actin right Always try to turn our fuckin color into black and white But they'll never change 'em, never understand 'em Radical's my anthem, turn my fuckin amps up!!! So instead of critiquin and bitchin, bein mad as fuck Just admit not only are we talented, we're rad as fuck Bitches... O.F.M., bangin on your FM Gnaw 2011... yeah {GOLF WANG!!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Start Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*laughing*} They look like twins {*iPhone notification beep*} That was embarrassing {*old school PlayStation loaded*} {*PS1 start-up music and sound*} {*fighting game selection screen*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Thinkin Bout You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] A tornado flew around my room, before you came Excuse, the mess it made, it u-sually doesn't rain in Southern California much, like Arizona My eyes don't, shed ,tears, but boy,they pour when [Chorus 1] I'm thinking 'bout you (ooh no, no, no) I've been thinking 'bout you (you know, know, know) I've been thinking 'bout you Do you think about me still? Do ya, do ya? [Chorus 2] Or do you not think so far, ahead? Cause I been thinking 'bout forever, oooh Or do you not think so far, ahead? Cause I been thinking 'bout forever, oooh [Frank Ocean] No I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it Got a beach house I could sell you in I-daho, since you think I don't love you, I just thought you were cute - that's why I kissed you Got a fighter jet, I don't get to fly it though, I'm lying down [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] Yes of course; I remember how could I forget - how you feel? You know you were my first time - a new feel It won't ever get old, not in my soul, not in my spirit, keep it alive We'll go down this road 'til it turns from color to black & white [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Fertilizer Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Fertilizer; I'll take bullshit if that's all you got Some fertilizer... fertilizer {*LONG BEEP*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Sierra Leone Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] (We were was spendin too much time alone) Spendin too much time alone (And I just ran out of Trojans) Horses gallop to her throne (We were behaving like teenagers) Yes; we're behaving like teenagers (Makin less than minimum wage) Still inside our parents' homes (No I don't live in Denver) No I don't live in Denver (I grew up in Sierra Leone) And her pink skies will keep me warm Sierra, Leone Sierra, Leone Tidbits of intuition that I be gettin abandon admission (Sierra Leone) Abandon mission, you must be kiddin, this shit feelin different Shit feelin too good to me, glistenin, shimmerin underneath the sunlight, the sunlight (Sierra Leone) And a new day, will bring about the dawn And a new day, will bring another cryin babe into the - world, hey Girl, now Our daughter's reachin for the nipple cause it's time for her to eat Tonight I'll lay her in the cradle if it's time for go to sleep (Ohh go to sleep, ohh ohh) I sing a Lennon lullaby, she can have a pretty dream Baby girl if you knew what I know Knew what I know, whoahhh Na, na na, na na, nahhhh {*2X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Sweet Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] The best song wasn't the single, but you weren't either Livin in Ladera Heights, the black Beverly Hills Domesticated paradise, palm trees and pools The water's blue, swallow the pill, keepin it surreal, whatever you like Whatever feels good, whatever takes your mountain high Keepin it surreal, not sugar free My TV ain't HD, that's too real Grapevine; mango, peaches and limes, the sweet life [Interlude] The sweet life, sweet life Sweet life, sweet life The sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet life Sweet life, the sweet life Sweetie pie You've had a landscaper and a housekeeper, since you were born The starshine always kept you warm So why see the world, when you got the beach? Don't know why see the world, when you got the beach - the sweet life [Frank Ocean] The best song wasn't the single, but you couldn't turn your radio down Satellite need a receiver Can't seem to turn the signal fully off Transmitting the waves; you're catchin that breeze 'til you're dead in the grave But you're keepin it surreal, whatever you like Whatever feels good, whatever takes your mountain high Keepin it surreal, not sugar free, my TV ain't HD, that's too real Grapevine; mango, peaches and limes, the sweet life [Interlude] A sweet life A sweet life, yeah A sweet life, a sweet life A sweet life Live and die in the life [Frank Ocean] And the water, is exactly what I wanted It's everything I thought it would be (thought it would be) But this neighborhood is gettin trippier every day The neighborhood is goin ape shit crazy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Not Just Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [some random television show] Stop thinking of this as being money It's just money, I'ma make more No, no no no no no Please decondition yourself It's happiness It's the difference between happy, being happy and sad It's the difference between having a home and living on the streets That's what it is, it's not just money It's so much more than that Right now it's the difference between you being able to go to a prom and disappointing a girl As I told you from the beginning, I don't have money I have bills to pay, but that meant nothing to you Absolutely nothing Let's see, I have Ooh yeah, I'ma make myself a hot dog, hot link when I get home It meant nothing to you Saving my seven dollars {*LONG BEEP*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean f/ Earl Sweatshirt Album: channel ORANGE Song: Super Rich Kids Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] Too many bottles of this wine we can't pronounce Too many bowls of that green, no Lucky Charms The maids come around too much Parents ain't around enough Too many joyrides in daddy's Jaguar Too many white lies and, white lines Super rich kids with nothin but loose ends Super rich kids with nothin but fake friends [Frank Ocean] Start my day up on the roof There's nothing like this type of view Point the clicker at the tube I prefer expensive news New car, new girl New ice, new glass New watch, good times babe It's good times, yeah She wash my back three times a day ("DY-NO-MITE!") This shower head feels so amazing We'll both be high, the help don't stare They just walk by, they must don't care A million one, a million two A hundred more will never do [Bridge] Real love... I'm searching for a real love {*2X*} Oh, real love [Earl Sweatshirt] Close your eyes for what you can't imagine; we are the Xany gnashin Caddy-smashing, bratty ass, he mad, he snatched his daddy's Jag And used the shit for batting practice, adamant and he thrashing Purchasing crappy grams with half the hand of cash you handed Panic and patch me up, pappy done latchkeyed us Toyin with Raggy Anns and mammy done had enough Brash as fuck, breaching all these aqueducts Don't believe us, treat us like we can't erupt, yup [Frank Ocean] We end our day up on the roof I say I'll jump, I never do But when I'm drunk I act a fool Talking bout, do they sew wings on tailored suits I'm on that ledge, she grabs my arm She slaps my head - it's good times, yeah-hah Sleeve rips off, I slip I fall The market's down like 60 stories And some don't end, the way they should My silver spoon, has fed me good A million one, a million cash Close my eyes and feel the crash [Outro] Real love, ain't that something rare I'm searching for a real love Oh ohh oh ohh oh ohh talking bout real love Real love yeah, real love I'm searching for a real love Talking bout a real love The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Pilot Jones Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] We once had things in common Now the only thing we share is the refrigerator Ice cold, baby, I told you, I'm ice cold (ice cold!) You out here flyin' high (high!) Go 'head, fly that thing! High! High! But fly alone [Frank Ocean] You always smokin in the house What if my mother comes over? You can't get up and get a job Cause this little hustle's getting you by You're the dealerrrrrr and the stoner, with the sweetest kiss around I know what I was on I had a Pilot Jones (what'chu know about that?) She took me higher (oh did she now?) Then she took me home (We talkin 'bout) Pilot Jones, Pilot Jones [Frank Ocean] Tonight she came stumblin across my lawn, again I just don't know why, I keep on tryin to keep a grown woman sober See there you go, reachin up your blouse and no I don't want a child But I ain't been touched in a whiiiile by the dealer And the stoner, with the sweetest kiss I've ever known [Frank Ocean] In the sky up above - the birds I saw the sky like I've never seen before You thought I was above you Above this in, so many ways Buf if I got a condo on a cloud then I guess you can stay at my place I'ma get one, mmhmm I need ya Uh-huh I admit it You're my Pilot Jones {*airplane seatbelt beep, sound of plane touching down*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Crack Rock Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] You don't know how little you matter Until you're all alone In the middle of Arkansas With a little rock left in that glass dick Used to date a blonde You used to hit it raw Cause she was and you are madly involved Madly involved Hittin stones, in glass homes You're smokin stones, in abandoned homes You hit them stones, and broke your home Crack rock crack rock; crack rock crack rock [repeat Chorus] [Frank Ocean] You're shuckin and jivin, stealin and robbin To get the fixin that you're itchin for Your family stopped inviting you to things Won't let you hold their infant You used to get a little cut-up-uh-uh-uhhp from time to time But the freaks ain't tryin to sleep with cracky [Frank Ocean] Crooked cop, dead cop - how much dope can you push to me? Crooked cop, dead cop - no good for community Fucking pig get shot - three hundred men will search for me My brother get popped - and don't no one hear the sound Don't no one hear the rounds - oooh sound Don't no one hear the shells - oooh shells Don't no one hear a sound Don't no one disturb the peace for riot Don't no one disrupt nirvana Don't no one wanna blow the high Crack rock, oooooh Crack rock, oooooh Crack rock~! How you feelin girl? Oooh How's the gutter doin? Crack rock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Pyramids Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus 1] Ow ow ow owwww; set the cheetahs, on the loose Ow ow ow owwww; there's a thief out, on the move Ow ow ow owwww; underneath our, legion's view Ow ow ow owwww; they have taken, Cleopatra Run run run, come back for my glory Bring her back to me Run run run, the crown of our pharaoh The throne of our queen is empty [Frank Ocean] We'll run to the future, shinin like diamonds In a rocky world, rocky rocky world Our skin like bronze and, our hair like cashmere As we march to rhythm, on the palace floor Chandeliers inside the pyramids Tremble from the force Cymbals crash inside the pyramids Voices fill up the halls [Chorus 1] - first half only [Frank Ocean] The jewel of Africa What good is a jewel that ain't still precious? How could you run off on me? How could you run off on us? You feel like God inside that gold I found you laying down with Samson and his full head of hair Found my black queen, Cleopatra Bad dreams, Cleopatra Remove her send the cheetahs, to the tomb Our war is over, our queen has, met her doom Ow no more she lives, no more serpent in her room Ow no more it has killed, Cleopatra, Cleopatra [Frank Ocean] Big sun comin strong through the motel blinds Wake up to you girl for now, let's call her Cleopatra, Cleopatra I watch you fix your hair Then put your panties on in the mirror, Cleopatra Then your lipstick, Cleopatra Then your six-inch, heels - catch her She's headed to the pyramid [Chorus 2] She's working at the pyramid tonight Working at the pyramid Working at the pyramid tonight Working at the pyramid Working at the pyramid tonight Working at the pyramid Working at the pyramid tonight Working at the pyramid Working at the pyramid tonight [Frank Ocean] Pimpin in my convos Bubbles in my champagne, let it be some jazz playin Top floor motel suite, twistin my cigars Floor model TV, with the VCR Got rubies in my damn chain Whip ain't got no gas tank, but it still got woodgrain Got your girl working for me Hit the strip and my bills paid, that keep my bills paid Hit the strip and my bills paid, keep a nigga bills paid She's working at the pyramid tonight [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] You showed up after work, I'm bathin your body Touch you in places only I know You're wet and you're warm just like our bathwater Can we make love before you go? The way you say my name makes me feel like I'm that nigga But I'm still unemployed You say it's big but you take it Ride cowgirl But your love ain't free, no more Baby ay, but your love ain't free, no, more [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Lost Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Double D; big full breasts on my baby (Yo we goin to Florida) Triple weight Couldn't weigh the love I've got for the girl And I just wanna know why you ain't been goin to work? Boss ain't workin you like this He can't take care of you like this Now you're lost Lost in the heat of it all Girl you know you're lost Lost in the thrill of it all Miami, Amsterdam Tokyo, Spain, lost Los Angeles, India Lost on a train, lost [Frank Ocean] Got on my butter cream, silk shirt and it's Versace Hand me my triple weight So I can weigh the work I got on your girl (Too weird to live, too rare to die) No I don't really wish I don't wish the titties would show Nor have I ever Have I ever let you get caught [Frank Ocean] She's at a stove Can't believe I got her out here cookin dope (cookin dope) I promise she'll be Whipping meals up for a family of her owwwwn, some day Nothing wrong (nothing wrong, ain't nothing wrong) No nothing wrong with a lie Nothing wrong with another short plane ride (Nothing wrong, ain't nothing wrong) Through the sky, up in the sky You and I, just you and I [Outro] Love lost stars Love love Love lost stars Love love Love lost Love love Love lost [channel surfing] Life is the substance Then the other channel on the The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Monks Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Mosh pits and bare chest Stage divin sky diver Spray the crowd with cold water Now it's mosh pits and wet tits I think I need a cold shower, cool waters African girl speaks in English accent Likes to fuck boys in bands Likes to watch Westerns And ride me without the hands Show me her passport, she's on her own tour But you're beautiful to me Wave 'em high girl, to the sky But you're beautiful to me Live in the clouds Wave 'em high girl, to the sky But you're beautiful to me Life in the clouds Keep 'em high y'all Beautiful stars - in the sky [Frank Ocean] Monks in the mosh pit Stage divin Dalai Lama Feet covered in cut flowers They mosh for enlightenment Clean chakra, good karma One with the water Indian girl sleeps above the temple Plannin to runa way, young at heart You found a boyfriend and now you wanna get away, get away Just a virgin lover on a getaway, get away And at sunset they're gonna try and get away, get away Abhaya Mudra I never ask for much But please keep up lover We've got no choices left The running's fast Run run run run You're beautiful to me Run run run run, you'd better run You mean so much to me In my world, my world [Frank Ocean] We made it safely Even with your father's army trailing us We escaped him Even with his archer's bows at our backs What a great escape But there's a long way still in fact We're lost in a jungle underneath these clouds There's a monsoon that never ends A coke white tiger woke us from our slumber To guide and protect us 'til the end We're in the clouds Wave 'em high now, to the sky But you're beautiful to me Keep 'em high y'all, sho' you right But you're beautiful to me Right... beautiful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Bad Religion Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Taxi driver Be my shrink for the hour and leave the meter running It's rush hour So take the streets if you wanna Just outrun the demons, could you He said "Allahu akbar" I told him don't curse me "Bo bo you need prayer" I guess it couldn't hurt me If it brings me to my knees It's a bad religion This unrequited love To me it's nothin but a one-man cult And cyanide in my styrofoam cup I could never make him love me Never make him love me Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love [Frank Ocean] Taxi driver, I swear I've got three lives balanced on my head like steak knives I can't tell you, the truth about my disguise I can't trust no one And you say "Allahu akbar" I told him don't curse me "Bo bo you need prayer" I guessed it couldn't hurt me If it brings me to my knees It's a bad religion [Outro] It's a bad religion To be in love with someone who, could never love you Ohhh I know, only bad religion Could have me feelin, the way I do The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean f/ Andre 3000 Album: channel ORANGE Song: Pink Matter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] And the peaches and the mangos that you could sell for me What do you think my brain is made for? Is it just a container for the mind? This great grey matter Sensei replied - what is your woman? Is she, just a container for the child? That soft pink matter Cotton candy, Majin Buu Oooh ooh ooh Close my eyes and, fall into you you you My God She's giving me pleasure... forever What if the sky and the stars are for show? And the, aliens are watching live From the purple matter Sensei went quiet, then violent And we sparred until we both grew tired Nothing mattered Cotton candy, Majin Buu Oooh ooh ooh ooh Dim the lights and, fall into ah-you you youuuuu My God, you're giving me pleasure Pleasure, pleasure, pleasure!!! Pleasure over matter [Andre 3000] Since you been gone I been havin withdrawals You were such a habit to call I ain't myself at all, had to tell myself naw She's better with some fella with a regular job I didn't want to get her involved By dinner Mr. Benjamin was sittin in awe Hopped into my car; drove far Far's too close and I remember my memories no sharp Butter knife, what a life, anyway I'm building y'all a clock stop, what am I Hemingway? She had the kind of body that would probably intimidate Any of 'em that were un-Southern, not me cousin If models are made for modelin Thick girls are made for cuddlin Switch worlds and we can huddle then Who needs another friend, I need to hold your hand You'd need no other man, we'd flee to other lands Grey matter... Blue used to be my favorite color Now I ain't got no choice Blue matter You're good at bein bad, you're bad at bein good For heaven's sakes go to hell; nah, knock on wood You're good at bein bad, you're bad at bein good For heaven's sakes go to hell - for heaven sakes go to hell Knock knock knock knock on wood Well Frankly when that Ocean so muh'fuckin good Make her swab the muh'fuckin wood Make her walk the muh'fuckin plank Make her rob a muh'fuckin bank with no mask on and a rusty revolver The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: Forrest Gump Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I wanna see your pom poms from the stands Come on, come on My fingertips, and my lips They burn, from the cigarettes Forrest Gump, you run my mind boy Running on my mind boy - Forrest Gump I know you Forrest I know you wouldn't hurt a beetle But you're so buff, and so strong I'm nervous Forrest - Forrest Gump My fingertips, and my lips They burn, from the cigarettes Forrest Gump, you run my mind boy Running on my mind boy - Forrest Gump I saw your game Forrest I was screaming run 44 But you kept running past the end zone Oh where'd you go Forrest? Forrest Gump My fingertips, and my lips They burn, from the cigarettes Forrest Gump, you run my mind boy Running on my mind boy - Forrest Gump Forest green, forest blues I re-mem-ber you If this is love, I know it's true I won't for-get you (youuuu) (Oh you you, oh you you) it's for you Forrest (It's you you, oh you you) it's for you Forrest - Forrest Gump The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: channel ORANGE Song: End Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Darker times They're telling boulder heavy lies Looks like all we've got is each other The truth is obsolete Remember when all I had was my mother She didn't compromise She could recognize Voodoo Our daughters and our sons Are just candles in the sun Voodoo Don't let him see divide Don't you let her see divide Voodoo She's got the whole wide world in her juicy fruit He's got the whole wide world in his pants He wrapped the whole wide world in a wedding band Then put the whole wide world on her hands She's got the whole wide world in her hands He's got the whole wide world in his hands... {*fades out*} {*car door shuts*} {*building door opens and shuts*} {*footsteps*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: channel ORANGE Song: Golden Girl * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * bonus track [Frank Ocean] She peels an orange, for us in the mornin She woke me up to give me half I can hear the children soccer ballin Like wildcats running on the grass (yeah) You're a girl on this island, I'm a boy from America My flight leaves tonight But I don't think I'm, goin backwards I won't be goin backwards You're my golden girl You're the one I've chosen girl You're 24K You make it bright when it's gray You're my golden girl The sun has been kind to you You're 24K (girl) But the sky's never gray (never gray) [Frank Ocean] Silent moments, meditative poses You break my focus, you make me laugh Two mopeds racin through the forest Making dirt clouds on a path, on a path I'm my best on this island, I'm a mess in America My flight left last night But, I know I'm not goin back home (yeah) I'm not goin back home, no-ohhhhhhhh [Frank Ocean] If we build a house in paradise, will we get to heaven still? If we don't have to live through Hell just to get to heaven I'ma stay right here, with you, 'til the hurricane comes 'Til the tsunami comes, I've found my golden [Tyler, the Creator] Umm You're my G-O, L-D, E-N, G-I, R-L And that's for the females that can't spell, but Thanks for fuckin with me You turn my dark into light, you're like a bucket of bleach You see - I want you to know that My negatives at home aren't workin for my Kodak So that, means that, I don't want to go back Just know that, I would like to stay here and hold that hand of yours - girl I'm a wreck in America Your face is the best cause it's the same color as the lace on my neck And you're golden, uh, your eyes open Fuck it let's toast and listen to Michael Bolton I freefall off the hill again Let's see where I land, I'm like Gilligan Umm, I trust you, Golden, for what When I'm just hopin that you don't turn my neck green {*ocean waves, birds chirping*} {*channel changed, LOUD BEEP*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Grill Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Keep smokin Keep smokin Bring something new to the table And I don't want yams because I had some yesterday But I can smoke grams blaze one almost everyday And I will shake hands and make plans with a featherweight +Wolf Gang+ clan sold out when we set a date Klux Klan burn the stage down let it marinate Correlate circulate percolate A work of fate it hurts to hate For me there's no surrogate Bring some fuckin food to the table And if you get cheese make it provolone or parmesan Rollin Mary Jane, kill this pain in my other arm Holdin on a dame and her maid in my other arm Such a charm, so it's on, smoke til it's gone Feel withdrawn, these bitches blown They better call Tyrone, about where upon She's at and um, sit on a bus stop like she do salons Or bag a bitch for me like she fuckin works at Vons [Chorus: repeat 2X] It's the M, the E, the L The L, the O, double-U H, the Y, the P, the P, the E It's the M, the E, the L The L, the O, double-U H, the Y, the P, get your money [Left Brain] Never been a buster nigga I ride with them thuggish niggaz MellowHigh, Loiter Squad I ride with them ruggish niggaz Never fuck a bitch up in the bucket She just suck a nigga Eighty-one, box Chevy Dirty seats, dirty Sprite Ridin dirty through the night Shinin like some pearly whites Lurkin for the po'-po' though Fuck them punks, exit out the way I'ma hit the "Shake Junt" Hit my nigga G we gon' smoke eight joints Kill the bottle, full throttle Bad bitch still fuck with me I still fuck with y'all But we ain't fuckin for free All my Wolves, we eat feet, said we all flossy We boss hogs ain't all talk Sawed off y'all small talk Big noise, big toys Monster truck, dumpster truck Fuck the slut, then dump and smut +Trash Wang+, that's what's up {*5X*} [Chorus] - repeat 2X chopped up as it progresses The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: 65 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Uhh, today isn't just any occasion My button-up's a nigger and the jacket's caucasian Oh, black and white crimes is the justification Gold tie to separate them from their clossest relation Cause shit, a nigga's actions like acceleration and if I die before you die, I'll be in Hell awaitin I'm a sick minded freak, six minds kinda think Sitcom blinded geek found life by hide-and-seek I climb the steep, few times a week The line's mesquite, the blondest streak Life is a bitch cause she kinda sweet Then go behind your spinal structure cause she sly and weak Four bars left and I'ma lie in the street where the crosswalk is met by a 90 degree Two bars and goin before that light turn green One bar and come and blink to the next scene Bitch I'm a red camera, scannin all of you amateurs Me and my dangerous +Wolves+ are runnin Los Angeles Dope, in the can of this canister green cannabis Write Mellowhype on the bannister, give my analysist I like how being anal sits, tell 'em stick to the manuscript I think with the same hand I writ, breakin grams down My word's my bond, like I write with my dic The night is crypt, bitch, MellowHype [Chorus: repeat 2X] I illustrate the path that I journey Can't nobody see me nor, can somebody hurt me Flow contagious like a herpes at the tip of a Slurpie straw that you draw in, your effective cause friend [Interlude] Close your eyes Close your eyes What do you see? I said close your eyes Close your eyes Close your eyes What do you see? [Hodgy Beats] I see nothin sometimes, I see nothin but rhymes Mental crimes, fulfill the lonely chimes and percussion Melodies of keys are the remedies of these The only sneeze is a snare blowin smoke in the air I see the wear-and-tear emotions fallin off your weary shoulders Browsin the I-don't-care folder seems to be the escape Determination is the key, you gotta let go of faith And everyone you gave your faith to, so faithful Ungrateful they make you and they make you sad Hop out of your passenger seat heated, catchin a cab The fiasco just opened up a closed scab Sore feelings, more feelings, your feelings colla-borate [Outro] What do you see? Put your hands up, put your hands up Nigga put your hands up, put your Close your eyes Close your eyes Close your eyes MellowHype nigga, "Numbers" Takin over this shit One life, I put that on my grandmomma's grandmomma nigga Close your eyes bitch Take this dick, what do you see? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Breakfast Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] {*alarm clock*} As some rise to a sunrise In the same clothes from yesterdays Though the umpire is unsound My team is a squad who works to make a play Look for tomorrow today is what I always say Cause if tomorrow's today then I'm just a blink away I find my happiness through all of this rappin shit If it wasn't for rappin shit I'd be present with gats and bricks The cat that scratch the itch, my skin is irritated Eyes low from weed smoke shit I'm clearly shaded +Sailin Jerry+ shots, bottle tops inebriated Afraid to look in the mirror to see I really made it I notice hour pass, I shatter the hour glass Matter can overpower mass if it really matters I live in the moment and not a minute after Count the page numbers; I write the next chapter My feet are on the ground, man I'ma touch the sky First I'ma roll this L, light it, then I'ma get real high But I'ma seize the moment, and you ask why? Why I'ma seize the moment, and not let shit pass me (by) [Hodgy Beats] Walk into the light; I know its gloomy Find your own way, um, eventually you'll see Life lessons get told more than a eulogy Cruelty in a crew-a-tee, stingin like a poolabee In a crewatee stinging like a pool of bees You can't smoke if ain't grew the weed You ain't shit without some jewelry I got some homegrown and my gold on like what you do to me? No gun around me, but I murder brutally Vertibly, suitably ready for battle In a battlefield use my bats for shields And a mustang horse ridden saddle exists in a world full of hassle I gotta graduate so I can flip my, tassle in life And look forward to what's next Until death cross my body and my lungs run out of breath It's O.F. [Chorus] - "my feet are on the ground" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Frank Ocean Album: Numbers Song: Astro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I said - niggaz be takin life too serious I swear my music take lives uh, period MellowHype, things are dependent free mind pyramids Breaking walls down, never a +Black Hawk Down+, oh They put a label on me but I see they're all clowns That's why I talk English and think fast Feel my words through the ink's last letter which'll never turn his back, back catcher, I grab extra magazines I'm in, to remind me of the places I've been Returnin to visit again, me and my fuckin friends Before I hit the stage I clinch my microphone until my fist hurt Before I eat sushi, I'd rather get to know the fish first For all the cats behind my time that rhyme - that shit's wok Everything in my mental state now I'm secure, mental wayste Dental plates in my jaw for spittin raw just because I like to floss my talent [Chorus: Frank Ocean] Think I'ma wear the yellow tux at the Grammyss And rock out with my cock out... Like "Who this kid think he is?" It's just somethin I seen Prince do, it's true No matter what, I'm showin up, who gives a flyin floatin fuck what people say, or think? Cause end of the day, start of the day They all said we wouldn't get here anyway You blink, and Wolf Gang's in this bitch [Hodgy Beats] When I was a kid I wanted to be just like you (When I grew up, when I, when I grew up) Write my own rhymes, recite 'em a couple times Hopin one day it blew up so me and my niggaz could shine I got three quarters and about ten dimes You can split them tens up cause both these corners are mines nigga Let's fuckin celebrate, Wolf Gang confederate We made it, we made it, we made it and you hatin Cause we made it and we made it and that is not an understatement (oh!) I put that on the people that I stay with Live day to day with, tour bus is the slave ship Niggaz worked the grave shift, record clean up and play disc We must be misbehavin But the fans love it, they get the subject Niggaz claim to be rappers but don't fulfil the substance Fuckin rubbish I'll dust quick, nothin to fuck with I've got my hands on my balls, like my nuts itch [Frank Ocean] I remember I first played Trick some O.F. shit He fronted on it like "Naw that shit'll never work" Hehehehe - like what? Family These two wrists of mine I had to make them gold, you've gotta let me shine If you're a friend of mine, ask any friend of mine I'll never block your glow, won't curb yo' high [repeat 2X] We be, in a place they never been Hella bands for the hell of it in Paris, Paris, Paris White wings on desert sand Flyin over the Taliban, probably Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: NFWGJDSH Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Keep runnin your mouth and forget to think Niggaz runnin out of brink, money fuckin shrink Go in a bar to get a drink and your card extinct Go in your car to fetch some cream, paper colored ink Money's good when it's good, a nigga gotta think Through a foggy hazed mental, eyes bothered pink I'm youn bitch, I ain't tryin to worry 'bout my cash I buy weed - a lil' hash to keep in the stash It's gettin greener where the grass up under my ass I take a drink from the flask and dust off the ash Strippers titties on the glass another dollar pass Either she's with me to make it last or I'm leavin fast I'm on my dick bitch, fuck what you're verbalizin I'm rollin hemp, gettin higher to the horizon See pretty women around the world and all of them smilin They wanna see just a peek of America's idol People wanna known how I feel about a lot of shit But I never give, information to these motherfuckers Big blunts - rotation, I ain't steady hatin on another sucker I put that on my brother's mother, I put that on my mother's mother I put that on my cousin's mother, this for all my mother lovers Take care of yo' family nigga What material things aren't I bet you they can be nigga, uhh I put that on my brother's mother, I put that on my mother's mother I put that on my cousin's mother, this for all you motherfuckers [Hodgy Beats] I'm wide awake - up, I stay up Lazy niggaz they lay up I fuck my night and my day up Smokin high nigga way up I get chips do my lay-ups Replay some don't delay much Get my paper p-paper, get get my paper p-paper Weed in hotel rooms boxin the whole floor Liquor is gone go and get some more Bitches with designer bags in couture She know that I ain't from here bitch I'm on tour London to Ja-pan, Australia and France Go places people wish they had the chance Blunts I face it be shaded like a lamp MellowHype stars from that +Wolf Gang+ clan camp [Outro: repeat 8X with variations] Mellow... Hype... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: La Bonita Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash La Bonita {*14X*} [Left Brain] Lil' mommy got an ass like her mommy do But I'ma spank that ass like her poppy do You in trouble La Bonita with that attitude Red lipstick with the tattoo We in that sixty-three Impala bangin Big Pun My other La Bonita rollin up a big one (roll up) Sexy cholo baby ridin with that big gun My Spanish model bitch, and she a thick one Now we in Miami drinkin on tequila Can I have this dance with you Miss La Bonita? (Yes) Salsa, cha-cha, bla bla All I want is La Bonita by my side This song ain't only for the Spanish girls (Knahmsayin it's for all the girls around the world) (I love all girls, I love all 'em) (Bonita Applebum, you got it goin on) La Bonita {*14X*} [Hodgy Beats] Damn! How'd you get your ass in those? I love it when she bends over, touch her calves and toes A few cents in my amusement park, don't abuse it with your loose friends Never catch her in some loose pants I'm too in - tootin as she beep beeps And I ain't playin with physique, chick Higashi beats cheeks I skeet skeet a mountain, but not while she bouncin on my vertical jaw ride, dead neck, sore thighs If you're Dominican, I love hispanics My Puerto Rico momma speakin me Spanish They cook me them steak tacos, side of rice and beans I bought it, you take the offer, give you the finer things It's ridiculous, how promiscuous She looks delic-ious, put her name on my hit it list Get it bitch, if you ain't got no hoes dog you should get a hitch I'll call it quits and take it hype across this cits Girl why you pullin on my shirt, you a flirt huh? Came through cause your man done did you dirt huh? And I fuck you good, I make you squirt uhhh Just keep talkin that la-la as I observe huh Somethings been wrong with me, lately, chasin these ladies I'm crazy For la Bonita I freak-a-lika and he go see my to kick it like a sneaker that's cheaper than that punchline La Bonita bitter sweet, punchline! [Outro] I be rollin through, comin through holdin you and pullin off all of your clothes, get it three times in a row I be rollin two blunts, and smokin you out and your friends cause they know I fuck them too, cause they hoes I be rollin through, comin through holdin you and pullin off all of your clothes, oh oh I be rollin two blunts, and smokin you out and your friends cause they know toe to toe, whatever goes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Beat Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] You gotta be present for the moment of momentum Kill a coward with my lyric the murder is corba venom I'm hurdlin further engines, runnin through an entrance Such a resemblance in the mirror I see a blemish The chemist, I am with dentist, six senses As of now, life is tennis at Venice Such a breeze I can feel it Rollin up my sleeves, put a little hash in it Exceeding cash limits, if you got it ain't a bad image I play the ball, motherfucker - not half a scrimmage Your gimmicks just mimic cause you do not have an image I'm sixty seconds past the minute Cabbage lettuce, cash is fetish in me I'm grabbin spinach, teah [Chorus 2X: Hodgy Beats] Heard about a nigga rappin? Yeah, that's just one of my bitches (I'm) Sellin weed here trappin, that just one of my bitches Clientele payin taxes, that's how I'm runnin my(/I run my) business Stay the fuck off of my mattress, they sleepin on us niggaz [Hodgy Beats] Got my own flow, spend my own dough Drive my own car, fuckin grown hoes For these four-ohs, for these lil' bros And my door know, teachers don't know Vul-ner-able, shoot a porno Losin wardrobe, your body foreclosed When the doors closed, the mask of Zorro Her ass is moreso, a comedy I'm sick I'll probably suffocate from all of them vomiting Fuck commenting, I'm committing Taking off, rocketing while profit pocketing Hommaging, sock 'em bop 'em king, not fosters out the ring Boom bada bing, I gotta sing, you should fuckin honor me All these collard greens, dollar greens Presidents holla scream, prophesies Roll up and watch the leaves germinate, regurgitate First you like it then you love it; third is hate [Chorus] w/ pauses between lines on second repeat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Snare Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Yo, yo, yo yo, yo Momma called me lazy, said nothin could motivate me Her talkin would aggravate me until I'm leavin the room I rolled around like a pea in a spoon When she woke me go to school, Folgers news I'm the cool kid with a 'C' average, only a G can see past it Dealing with absence of fathers is past tense Why he keep getting arrested? Your reckless impressless Yo, just let me live, I'm a teen or adolescent Tribulations, life lessons, I go through the grow through Wisdom isn't given, it's percepted through livin Decisions and commitment is the broccoli and briscuits To unreliable soul, in which I desire to go Everyday another struggle, get your money fuck the hustle When you think I'll give up, you got one life to live up Take this advice, and use it like protection Everybody make mistakes and, very few correct them They say, nigga try a little harder but it didn't work I tried, it didn't work, so I made shit work They told me to try a little harder but it didn't work So I made shit work - now my shit works now my shit works [Hodgy Beats] Practice makes perfect, but nobody is Rolling with the Oddly kids, I was born a star - like Ozzy kids They in my biz, I probably did, I am an economist I walk the Earth and coexist, someone you didn't know exist I'm back like I'm here returnin - you're in your seat, you're squirmin In my sermon, turbulence from all the turning I'm just learnin as I advance to my next level Life's a stripper, I let it dance on my gas petal Thrash metal, she sew it special with the hash methyl High mellow, to do a puntos into God's ghetto Dirt devil, cleaning lives, demeanin wives Leaving child's drawerless for drugs and drawer is the love is flawless What's a life beyond stress, who wants it? Its kinda like mom's gifts Everyday another struggle get your money, fuck the hustle When you think I'll give up, you got one life to live up [Interlude] Where, is, the, love at? (At, at) I said, where, is, the, love at? (At, at) Where the love at? Should I hate you 'til it gives kisses and hugs back? Comefrom traps, where niggaz don't get out the gate, overrun laps One way rotissi' with hats, ankle caught in cracks Smile gats, and never facts, clever acts, now spit a better rap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Untitled L Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Uhh - cold water fresh from every aspect It's like I have eight ligaments the way that I grab checks I passed go, puff it, then pass next on ratchets I'm double-oh-seven, make a nigga grab his gadget Barbarian with the harpoon, don't walk in that dark room Leave your organs on a bar stool and then bag 'em up, carpool Hodgy, he so devilish, elevator, next level shit I'm goin up but it's goin down but I never settle bitch All these fuckin drugs and no motivation All these fuckin girls and no home to take them All these fuckin plugs ain't nowhere to gauge them Call the sluts to roll the blunts I'm guaranteed to face them My power's like a horse's, you know where I race them On the track where I practice careers for the taken I'm swollen achin, smokin eighths then go defacin haters You slow deflate that shit, mistake, I'm on the road to mayhem [Chorus 2X: Left Brain] Here we, here we, here we fuckin go (go) {*3X*} Here we fuckin go, let these niggaz know (know)/here we fuckin go [Hodgy Beats] Smoking flights, roll the dice, I'm sober like I should have flown a kite I got the calamite like a Dolomite so nigga don't step to me you a shoulder's height Not a soldier's heighth, I'm cold as ice Frozen bitten, North Face mittens, on a mission Left in the kitchen, a mini chef in the kitchen Detect I will never raise hell 'til it's risen Cause jails are forbidden, at least for a kitten I'm pissin and shittin on rhythms that's given The sky is the limit like ribbons and flyin pigeons Live and die is my religion Got my eyes so I ain't trippin Eye's witness but I ain't snitchin Feds in my ear but I ain't listenin (Feds in my but I ain't listenin) Dora the Explorer, hora, the horror hoarder Daughter's in storages, ransom mortages No cash shortages Order this oil let, she gon' boil quick Torture is tortoises slowly punchin their torsos Selling narcos and burroughs like Mexicans and their churros Who is him in them, deminem, the antonym ramblin Mosh and squash the dandlin, MellowHype throttlin canvases And won't pay for no damages, we ain't that nigga If you wanna fuck some shit up then we'll paint that picture [Outro: Left Brain] Fuckin go, fuckin go, here we fuckin go Go, fuckin go, let these niggaz know, here we fuckin go Go, fuckin go, fuckin go, here we fuckin go Go, fuckin go, lete these niggaz know, here we fuckin go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: LeFlair Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Ask Clancy if we're hard to manage From a huddle to a scramble in an omelette sandwich Your man does damage, for the fuck of it I go on a rampage I be smokin trees hangin in the fuckin branches Rasta koala, higher than a Prada I father these animals across the safari Desert Sahara my cheese so ricotta Composing m-musical movement sonora I'm hotter than lava bitch I need a bottle of oxygen water out back of Tacoma Ask me 'bout Tyler I give him a coma Start runnin game I just pass it to +Domo+ +Genesis+, and +Left Brain+ in this bitch +Wolf Gang+ nigga fuck a membership You can ask about Mike G, he'll burn you like a chai tea That was directed to all the haters bitch I'm Spike Lee [Chorus: repeat 4X] We, don't, fuck, with, no-bo-dy But, you, you, fuck, with, er'-bo-dy, see [2Left Brain] We don't fuck with y'all, but y'all fuck with us Wolf Gang nigga in Odd we trust Rollin hash, rollin kush MellowHype bitch, nigga hold up [Hodgy Beats] I'm bringin the problems, double entendre Triple the drama kill your bitch and your momma Nigga this is an honor, Left produces like a farmer I'm the guy in the armor armed and ready to harm ya All these magazines think we fuckin want their cover? Critics and bloggers fuck and swallow and fuck each other Get out my face screw your questions now ask another Me and Left are gettin bread hoe, pass the butter Corn popped, game's on door locked Pure crop, smoke up it's a sure drop I don't play that, flagrant for the playback You fall back and lay back and stay back you stray rat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Monster Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Odd Future, I shoot ya... beatch! I'm good on a badder day, better never fabricate I spit after I saturate the poison from a rattlesnake From a one to ten, you're like an average eight Blowjob, you suck, shall I elaborate? Fuck a top down, findin my Seikos in Osaka English no television, Japanese soul operas High as a koala, burnin inside Impalas Coastin, close edge, I'm on the ground like pro-pegs They ask if I worry if my future's lookin curry The morning's bright and early; my prize my +Temple+ +Shirley+ Shorty's ten 'per-surely' tampers through dirty hampers Looking for the worthy answers, smoke from respiratory cancer Fuck knowledge roll up, I'm tryin to get eminent Everybody know me like the President, It's evident I'm kettlin Royal, you sediment soil You took the wrong turn now it's my turn, turmoil [Chorus: repeat 2X] Me and my +Wolves+ be roamin in the street Looking for a Bo Peep, bitch that we can go and eat A nigga count sheep, go to sleep with a down ass freak Seven times out the week (what'chu say?) [Hodgy Beats] O-F-Dub-G-K-T-A {*3X*} Either join with us or step away I'm a warrior, as I reign from the middle ages In the Roman Empire, riding separate stages Pencil, pages, mental cages No sort of patience as a hit of greatness Rose out of the pavement, a proud of amazement Smoke right out of a basement to a spot where we makin it spacious As God's glory is gracious say your graces for the glutton In a chance where you're cuttin You niggaz ain't eatin supper? Well at least you get to have somethin Comply not to complain, when abide a food chain The +Future's+ looking +Odd+ and yeah, things do change Try not to restrain, shit happens like things And the if about them thiags is if them thangs do bang [Outro] O-F-Dub-G-K-T-A {*22X slowing down each time and fading out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype f/ Mike G Album: Numbers Song: 666 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I push the 8 ball, right across the pool table Not basketball but I'm sayin my game could +fool+ April It's such a marvelous day, and niggaz still'll hate you Plant a tree, water the surroundings then wait to peel the grapefruit Success is my escape route, drive it like a grey Coupe License invalid, I'm headed to my palace I'm a cowboy bitch I'm rowdy, music playin loudly I'm fresh in my attire you boys just in the choir - oh! I'm rollin sober, take your +King+ out of +Cobra+ No venom in 'em, open my hand to women I'm about to Benjamin it, fuckin off as I spend it In foreign countries, comfy and fuckin distinctive Gold bitches wash my dick and clean the kitchen Tatted with Golf Wang cats and stencils scripted where they dippin If it ain't about a waffle then we dippin, bitch I'm too wide Expedition Pay attention 'fore you miss it nigga listen Ugh [Hodgy Beats] I got your back like a spinal tap Yoga mats, we run the bubble soda flat Nigga Hulk attack, green snaps from doja raps My +Wolves+ lurk where +Logan+ at Wolf Gang musical chairs I fuckin fold your back Rollin up weed and I'm dabbin the wax You stick to the script hoe I get to the facts Rippin through tracks like a train conductor I'm givin them tasks I'm the instructor The roof's on fire like DJ Khaled tour bus Smokin on weed bitch I'm high as a kite Breakin down more fin' to hop on this flight Born a real nigga real nigga for life Don't believe in the hype baby this MellowHype Smoke good for the night, so I'm good for the night I'm takin it back to the house Goin to the hood for the night Bats on heels nigga straps gon' kill The cab no wheels, Jack told Jill I don't like kinds of icons who python and so on Let bygones be bygones and Tae Kwon the Doe on [Mike G] Damn; where I stand still fuckin awesome I am Need chains with more rocks than rocks and sand in Iran I, saute the chef and if its Hodg' you want to test It will be one big room full of Triple 6 reppers Always say that I'm lo key with my moves cause I'm a ninja I don't like niggaz to see what I do And my focus was on saving grace 'til I got that late call that Wolf killed Ace Heard he sprayed up the place Well I'm the Midnight Marauder that makes twilight music And fans think I'm more awkward then Kristen Stewart Couldn't do it without the losers that thought I wouldn't do it No sympathy for the ones that never stuck to it Attack 'em, rack 'em; wrap 'em in the back of a Buick Wonder how my day goes, it ain't nothin but music And wonder how I spend my evenings, see my kind of night would be Nylon rope, duct tape, me and E' Marie Artist: MellowHype f/ Earl Sweatshirt Album: Numbers Song: P2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] We was kids when we first met, I can't forget When we met, I took a breath, I recollect we took a step Together, unison, I was a bad boy a hooligan Now Juniorin, I'm full of sin Speaking poetry to your innocence, dividend indifferent 'Bout deliberate relations cause she know a nigga ignorant Like bullseye, I grew with the wind And forget about the shit, pretend like it never happened Just friends - or belligerent enemies sendin false energy  The belly feeds to the fire of the pedigree Life's a bitch in the seventies, to the third degree And I ain't got a job, but shit it works for me She love the fact that I live drivin on the edge purposely Money ain't for degree, but it's worth a C I go blind for that little light of mine Keep excited ma, and I'ma let it shine [Chorus: Hodgy Beats] Even though we have our own problems and differences I still fuck, wit'chu Even though we had our own fallouts, we pitchin fits I still fuck, wit'chu [Hodgy Beats] I was never a motherfucker to want beef Until you went and put my shit out in the front streets Yeah I sold drugs - nigga, what heat? Yeah I stole shit, sold it in the streets, I'm a go getter Never jealous of a nigga Gotta stack my money steal another nigga figures I don't need a fuckin chain, bitch I'm here to gain that Bitch I need a fuckin rang, but not for no dame that We all call this here a game cause we in it for the same In it for the funds, throw up little ones Listen to the drums smoke inside your lungs Get a little drunk, got your bitch speakin tounges Have a little offspring and be able to support it Knownin if we was broke, clinic woulda got aborted Work now, play now, a nigga runnin offense Bitch I'm in +Miami+ and I'm swimmin with the +Dolphins+ [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Earl Sweatshirt] I don't like goin sober to the hospital Shit only make me nauseous, I'm not with it So I'm out front parked in a car with a few of my niggaz hard gettin foggy yeah Last year I ain't know what the cost of a coffin was So now I'm often buzzed in the apartment bummin Looking for new cords and a larger nugget I'm the stars above me when I spark and tug this Far from hard, but I'ma snarl in public Cause we large in numbers, +Trash Wang+ +Wolf Gang+ we the clique, not a stain on me hoe Not a fray in a knit, in the car with the work Now, real nigga quiet while the talkin occurs Feel like I'm flyin when I'm off from the herb Fuck 'em all, let the army disperse Know the swamp lay 'em all in the dirt Had to stop, reassess some agendas Tad bit sicker than the rest of the clinic Maybe head up, sendin threats to your henchmen We the best period, the end of the sentence Roughneck puttin paws to the pavement Lane switch, I'ma blow haze 'til I can't think Shrink told me I should learn how to pace this Big homey told me "Naw nigga, take this" Shots 'til my damn liver hates me Momma saying that she knowin that I need help Naw, on the highway to Hades with my motherfuckin seatbelt off Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: GNC Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] Top Shelf... I'm chillin literally, my neck is glittery Niggaz got that screwface, lookin at my jewelry Uhh while I'm flexing chain sexin is unprotected I hear that bitch moaning Sounded like she's sound affected (yeah) Niggaz talkin' diss and when I know they are respected Put they hoes and friends on my guest list, that wasn't directed All you can do is accept it, or I will intercept it And throw it back to Left bitch, the first nigga she slept with We rock shows without a set list, cross goes off our checklist Whats the point of death when niggaz can exist in what is destined? I took a shot, boom, boom, bam POP! They all wanna' rock and claim that music hip-hop (brrrp) But you're just imitation, deflation, you're in migration Just, pucker lips and suck a dick, as I'm meditatin Escapin from emancipation, doctors and faggot cops (eagh!) Been a couple of months since I turned the block I kill niggaz you can call me homicidal I'm married to the game, nigga she's my bridal Wife, and I will love her for life All I know is me and MellowHype, brothers for life And we don't give a shit about yo' problems muh'fuckers Go whine about it in the corner or solve them muh'fuckers We ain't fuckin with y'all (nigga!) We ain't fuckin with y'all Fuck everybody else, all Hodgy need is Left Break it down on the stoop, rollin up on the stairs Smokin up a lot of weed, chillin with Domo G Buying gold for the feed, MellowHigh till I read R.I.P on my grave, nigga still, gettin paid Family got it made, haters still, talkin shit But that ain't meanin much, bitch nigga meet 'em up I shoot him with nina slugs, in his face and leave the club Poppin rubber bands (what?) Poppin rubberbands (what?) +Wolf Gang+ run the night nigga motherfuck your clan Gettin money payin Uncle Sam On the canvas cam, wait 'til I paint the sand On the beach, on the atlas where your hands can't reach  Pay for my hotel and she gon' suck my dick at least Bought my car, only broke niggaz lease I got yo' bitch on a leash And her perfume on my fleece, Shes sweet like Reese's [repeat 4X] Niggaz know we takin shots Know we takin shots (what!) Empty the clip, reload that bitch Know we takin shots [Outro] I'm so faded, I'm so high, high as the sky, in this fuckin bitch All these niggaz they talkin but they just run they mouth Nigga make money nigga I'm up on them thousands You niggaz always playin we ain't playin we ain't playin wit'chall niggaz This ain't no playground so we ain't fuckin playin wit'chall niggaz This money, and we ain't fuckin with these niggaz We gone, we gone uhhh MellowHype in this bitch feel me Cookin up that spoon, ha ha Pretty soon we gon' be servin y'all muh'fuckers feel me? Y'all gon' be comin into the restaurant, orderin what you want Yeah! Hodgy Beats, Left Brain Odd Future, I'll shoot ya, bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Brain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] I ain't walkin in the dark with my eyes closed man Fuck that Momma told me to use my brain This is how I explain, explodin like a plane crash into a building People speak with no effort of thought, hope or feeling That's why the youth is fucked up now, adults killed them I'm speaking cause I'm one of them, my sister is another one You know that uncomfort numb? Nightmares I'm still runnin from But I run from none, teeth gold like I'm South-ern I won't be quittin and spittin until I'm number one And the funny thing is I'm only 21 You niggaz tummy tucked, your music sucks You're just another one of them niggaz who think they know it all Well I know one thing, that boy is sure to fall, +Wolf Gang+ [Interlude] (You just think you know God damn motherfucking thing!) No, I don't even think I know everything man (You don't know nothin about life!) What you talkin 'bout? (The hell wrong with you? You need to listen to me!) I am listening (I'm your elder! I'm your Grandpa!) Grandpa why you trippin? (Shit!) Man I'm out of here! (Come here boy!) [Hodgy Beats] I ain't playin with my life no more, I'm takin it serious I never took it serious until shit got serious Niggaz I hope you hearin this, bitches I know you feelin this The sky ain't the ceiling take off the top, unrevealing The world's a hungry villain corruptin the lovely children That's such an ugly feeling, that's such a bloody dealing Nobody wants you winning it, rather see you getting booked Fingerprints and mug shots from guns caught in drug charges When a man's just tryin to feed his family, somethin so harmless The bigger picture enlarges in the hood we are a caucus In the suburbs we're labeled targets Can't even walk my ass through Target without bein targeted Ready to kill us all and get us carpeted FUCK THAT NIGGA, SHIT! Brrrap brrap fuck that nigga! Put my motherfuckin gun up nigga this is USA bitch {*echoes*} {*harmonizing "ahh, ahh ahh ahh" to 20 seconds before the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MellowHype (Hodgy Beats & Left Brain) Album: Numbers Song: Break Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Hodgy Beats] You've come a long way - a long way you gotta go And if you reach the end of the road, a pot of gold Some people have no pot to, piss nor pot to hold And I smoke pot by O's my green garden grows Ashes on my mattress, where's that ash tray shell catcher? This cloud supreme Cali king ain't cheap, you can ask my sheets When the +Wolves+ are on the creep, you can count the sheep And guess who gotta woody fin' to hit Bo Peep I toy with stories from shorties who come escort me from my limousine to the demons I see, who breathe the unliving beings I'm just a living being, living - being - damn! I'm just a kid that screams that fiends his dreams; yeah They want to critique me negatively but who really cares This air and land we share, there's no need to compare Find peace within yourself and make peace with everyone else Pick up the phone and call support when in need of some help Womp (yeah) womp womp (everybody sing along with me) womp womp womp Womp, womp womp (yeah!) womp womp Womp, womp womp, womp womp womp Womp, womp womp Life is so simple, life is so precious Life is everything, everything to me Life is so simple, life is so precious Life is everything, everything to me It sounds like the ocean in here, all the commotion in here Motion is fear, open your ears Open your ears Open your ears... nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: Wolf Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Fuck, fuck you, fuck you, fuck him Fuck everything else I can see I know, fuck you I hate you so fucking much I know you think I'm crazy Cause I think you're a fucking fag [TC] Sam the music sounds good man! You've been practicing [Sam] Thanks [TC] Sam, this is Wolf He's new here [Sam] Sup dude [TC] Wolf this is Sam Sam and his band have been here at Flog Gnaw for a while Sam's gonna show you around while I fill out these last minute field trip slips, alright? Now you guys have fun [Wolf] So you guys are into jazz? [Sam] Look, Wolf, Prairie Dog, Dontelle Whatever the fuck your name is We don't fuck with you or anybody else here, alright? You stay the fuck out of our way and we'll stay out of yours Capisce? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Domo Genesis, Hodgy Beats Album: Wolf Song: Jamba Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyler, the Creator] Papa ain't call even though he saw me on T.V, it's all good (Fuck You) But now my balls, balls deep in this broads jaws, swallow girl, it's just nutt' Bitches scared to let me smash on they ass Yeah they heard I'm fuckin' nuts like the swag of a fag Like me and Tekeli was gagging in the back of the cabin Camp Floggnaw nigga you can tell by the badge (Pass me my inhaler) I'm sick of hacking and coughing, I'm often this fucking awesome I'm animals, Noah's arking, often just rapping nonsense Four stories in my home like "What the fuck's an apartment?" Get shit popping like Peter's pores during puberty And take bets on how quickly Tyler can reach maturity Cussing out Siri like a waitress with no patience Oh, you want a tip bitch, well here's my dick for gratiturity, bitch [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator] Shut em' Down! Nigga Shut em' Down! Shut em' Down! [Hodgy Beats] I tumble crush on hudgy sluts, give money up then nutty, but Professor Nutty Buddy Clumpkin's petty when you touch his lunch Like "What the fuck? I'm drunk as fuck," turn the fucking music up So I can hear these stupid fucks, talk no walk, like you discussed You talking too much, "Who the fuck are you to us, uterus?" I put that on my pubes and nuts, if I don't begin moving up, I'm shooting up You and her, crew on turf, new dessert I can see the bitch in a nigga through his shirt I can smell the ho in the bitch flocking 'round my crew to flirt It's on your shoulder, lose the dirt, yeah, it's the movement first Fuck a human nurse, I'm ill like [?], to infuse the birth Of my scrotum on the Channel 10 news, my only motive is to skip to my lou Get hip to the pew, you can drink piss and eat a dick in a few The sickening view, a visual woose, I eat your ribs, I'm a wolf Then meet your kids afterschool and give 'em drugs cause it's cool (Fucker) [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator] Shut em' Down! Nigga Shut Him Down! Shut em' Down! [Tyler, the Creator] Hodgy, fuck this beat, nigga let's smoke weed That shit I need, be the shit that's green, a little purple and pink Get some swisher sweets, about three up, four more, then leave it be I got a eigth I could face, I got a blunt flavored grape I hate the grape I can taste it when I'm inhaling the vapes You can smell us in places when we walk And our clothing is always covered in flakes Enough for two shake blunts and "What the fuck is this?" I think this mary is laced, My heart is beating at paces that Pacquiao can relate I'm fucking faded like gradient Shit I'm stuck like the tape that's superglued To the center of Kelly Price first waist. It's like my first date with Mrs. Mary, this shit is scary The paranoia from this marijuana is very heavy, I'm lifted Fainted by my fifth hit, Lionel pass the sherm Let's use this Philly as a dipstick for this bath salt, you dipshit [Domo Genesis] C'mon my nigga you don't even smoke, you weak as fuck my nigga You do not smoke, no tux my nigga, you're as weak as.. F- your butt my nigga... Oh mark ass nigga, G- Oh my god bro, Here comes that weak ass nigga Samuel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: Cowboy Typed by: AZ Lyrics Knock knock motherfucks it's me Mr. Clusterfuck What, when, where, how, like who gives a fuck Golf Wang M-O-B, mopping niggaz ante up Ain't been this fucking sick since brain cancer ate my Granny up Rest in peace allign it, life ain't got no light in it Darker than that closet that nigga Frankie was hiding in Open it, dope in it, Bobby where's my fucking pipe? Trust my little dick is a'ight, twenty says I hit your wife This is life, truthfully I just want to fly some kites Grab Salem and Slater and go around, ride bikes Get some ice cream, Golf Wang rascals for the night Skate around and do annoying shit that older peeps despise Nigga fuck it though, going hard as riggalo Got a nigga dollars and a couple crackers hit the show Cracked a couple kids in the head with this cast Had a blast out Europe, had a Swedish bitch nigga hoes That's how it goes; designing clothes, cats on everything, cats on everything You think all this money will make a happy me? But I'm about as lonely as crackers that supermodels eat Everybody's sparking with me I keep coughing Can't keep calm in this spot hot box and I'm getting nauseous Hop in the car and write a song as I'm heading straight to the office Pissed at Jasper because that's some faggot shit called "Pink Dolphin" See,I roll here on a mean unicorn Green hat, Vans, Golf top with the team uniform Tighten the kupris so I'm tying my bandana up Sunk them like the Reds I forget it like Dan Manners cause I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip But when you're alone thoughts start coming in Punching in that dark light box and they start rummaging Shit you've got to battle with, wish that they could skedaddle But it makes your shadow say none, fuck it grab the gun again I needed to get out of the house, so I hit the dead sams and we were biking it out In a black hoodie,with a Arizona and a bag of skittles Just to see what all to see what all that fucking hype is about Now everytime you see a roach you think of me eh? Because everytime I see one I think what his parents would say In court saying I ate him, I wasn't present that day I was with Whitney smoking Sitting at the dock in the Bay I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip Do you know how weird it is knowing I make a bunch of Cheese While my friends can't afford little pizzas from little ceasers And their whole goal is to roll up and smoke bowls So I don't feel bad when they not eating (But you still treating us you punk bitch) Wolf Haley got more methods than pink men I'm never civil Fuck Lincoln Preme out the bag it's no wrinkles I'm okie dokie and loopy And booboo nana and Caca If you think I'm fucking KUKU Try talking to my shrink then (hey) Bitch (I'm right here) Yo who's that? Thats Salem That's my girlfriend You stay the fuck away from her alright? I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip And I am the cowboy on my own trip The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean Album: Wolf Song: Awkward Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyler, the Creator] I was 16 when we first laid eyes Scrawny little fucker yeah I was that guy And you was down for the weekend I was down for the greeting And your eyes the same color shit that jasper be chiefing Couple freckles on ya noses, roses made you blush Gentleman I was like I wasn't tryna fuck But it was my first offical date so I was stuck like It was past curfew, and we was at the grove And it was raining, and I had to be home And then you grabbed my hand, talking about trying to get home safe All I remember, was your motherfucking face, your face I play in your hair As you rub on my ears Then we awkwardly stare until our lips locked Then we awkwardly stared because our lips locked Now it's awkward in here because our lips locked Feels like I'm floating in air Can't you believe that this dare turned into a reality when our lips locked Man this feels like a dream because our lips locked You officially put my feelings inside a ziplock bag [Tyler, the Creator] You gotta a nigga sprung, whenever I'm holding your hand And making eye can-tact I feel like the damn man Cause even though I am and get round of applauses I'm insecure then I start to think that I do not stand chance But, moments, wish that I could own em or lease it or clone it Because holding your fingertips is golden. I fucking love you, I treat my problems like a bowling ball & I grip and keep holding on Girl? [Tyler, the Creator] You got a nigga sprung Wait, don't think this is going to work Things got complicated and a couple feelings got hurt I haven't talked to you in a couple of days, I got too comfortable and started to think we were really a couple But hey at least it was time spent. But by the time you will hear this you will know what these rhymes meant But when you realize its awkward your names still my password So I'm always fuckin' reminded [Outro: Tyler & Frank Ocean] You're my Girlfriend.. you're my Girl (Whether you like it or not!) You're my girl.. you're my girlfriend, you're my Girl Girlfriend You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my Girl (Shit I know that you're my) You're my girl, you're my girlfriend, you're my girlfriend You're my girl.. oooo You're my, you're my Girl Ooooo girlfriend... girlfriend.. You're my girlfriend you're my girl girlfriend you're my Girl You're my girlfriend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: Domo23 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyler, the Creator] Sick to my motherfuckin tummy Bitch must think I'm a motherfuckin dummy Because I dress bummy, bitch think I'm broke Bitch, I ate one roach and I made a lot of money Popping since Bastard, Clancy is my slave master Thanks to them crackers my pockets are fatter than excess shit that's weighting on Jasper I've never popped a bottle, but I've fucked a couple models in Europe Yup, and a couple of them swallowed Meet me half way, bitch I'm going all in And I never pull back, shout-out to my nigga Taco [Chorus - 3X] Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, (Golf Wang!) [Tyler, the Creator] So, a couple fags threw a little hissfit Came to Pitchfork with a couple Jada Pinkett signs And said I was a racist homophobic So I grabbed Lucas and filmed us kissing Feelings getting caught, it's off, I'm pissing You think I give a fuck? I ain't even stick my dick in yet (No homo; too soon.) And while y'all are rolling doobies I be in my bedroom scoring movies Still, I'm sounding like a fucking newbie Suck my dick, motherfucker, sue me Mom got a new whip so she could scoop me A year ago, I ain't have no hoopty Four story home, gotta climb eight sets of stairs Just to see where my fucking roof be [Chorus - 2X] Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, (Golf Wang!) [Tyler, the Creator] Wait a God damn second I'm tripping balls, David Beckham Will fall cause shit's going down Just like Rodney King's swimming lessons Now me and Justin smoke sherm and been talking 'bout freeing perm And purchasing weapons naming them and aim them in One Direction (Wait a minute) It sounds like midgets in a God damn speaker Every time you play this shit loud But that's just me trying to get milk now Instead of grunts from a God damn cow Hit me on my beeper while Captain Chorus sucks my Peter Pan camera, repeat procedure And when the beat drops, have a God damn seizure [Chorus - 4X] Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, Golf Wang Fuck that, (Golf Wang!) [Outro] You remind me of my bimmer A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater And you got a lot of drive I'm trying to keep her But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter You remind me of my bimmer See your ignition, baby girl I'm trying to key up And your headlights are off I'm trying to see 'em But it's not a lot of miles on ya meter So let me start it up, and smash it Pop some tame Impala, your man got a lame impala (And it's dark outside) And I'm sharing slurpies and you ain't even begin to swallow (Oooooo) You're fucking nuts, brim top we coupled up Run my fingers through 'em as you wax and buff my muffler Cause I fingered you, you think a fucking ring is coming up? (Oooooo) Maybe I don't know I think you're chilled (Ride for) Riding on my pegs, my back against ya legs And a seatbelt is needed if I get between 'em, yeah You remind me of my.. Cut it out! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Syd Tha Kid Album: Wolf Song: Answer Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus 1: Tyler] Because when I call I hope you pick up your phone I'd like to talk to you I hope you answer {*4X*} Because when I call I hope you pick up your phone I'd like to talk to you I hope you answer [Tyler, the Creator] Hey Dad, it's me, um... Oh, I'm Tyler, I think I be your son Sorry, I called you the wrong name, see, my brain's splitting Dad isn't your name, see Faggot's a little more fitting Mom was only twenty when you ain't have any fucks to spare You Nigerian fuck, now I'm stuck with this shitty facial hair Also stuck with a beautiful home with a case stairs So you not being near fucking fire-started my damn career But fuck it, I got Clancy, he, gave me the chance to see A world I wasn't supposed to, I'm stoked that I didn't know you But, sucks you ain't give a fuck and consider a sperm donor now The fuck is an Okonma? I'm changing my shit to Haley And I ain't just being passive, nigga You're a fucking faggot, nigga Got a show on Monday, guess who ain't getting no passes, nigga? But if I ever had the chance to ask this nigga And call him.. [Chorus: Tyler] + (Syd) I hope you answer {*4X*} Because when I call (when I call, baby) I hope you pick up your phone (Please pick up) I'd like to talk to you I hope you answer [Tyler, the Creator] Suck my fuckin dick and swallow this case of nuts Ace hates your guts, I'm a selfish fuck And I ain't sharing green as if I'm facin blunts Frank is out the closet, Hodgy's an alcoholic Syd might be bipolar, but fuck it, I couldn't call it Supposed to be gone until November but quickly came back in August I left two months through September to clearly remember all this I'd like to tell my grandma, but she's just nostalgia I'll call her number But she won't answer [Chorus: Tyler] + (Syd) I hope you answer {*4X*} Because when I call (when I call, baby) I hope you pick up your phone (I'd like to talk to you) I hope you answer [Tyler, the Creator] You claim to hate my fucking guts But say I'm on an island in Thailand and I was wildin' And, if I got stranded had to man up and hold my nuts And hope that I could live off salt water and fucking coconuts Phone ain't got no service this 3G is fucking worthless Day is getting dark like the area's turning urban You'll be fucking nervous like me inside of a churches But, I'mma get in contact regardless, and I hope you answer [Tyler, the Creator] That last verse was about this girl Haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean Album: Wolf Song: Slater Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator] Me and Slater just hit a curb Bunny hop, zoning out, listening to N.E.R.D Made a couple thousands turds spitting written verbs Shit, now I kick it in the 'burbs [Tyler, the Creator] Me? I'm from the slums, niggaz who pushing tons Tons of drugs, Foul flow dirty mouth like kissing bums Momma done made her one, a witty son With no respect for women so-so, show me your titties hun "You eighteen?", Me? I'm twenty something Okay I'm twenty, but I'm soon to be twenty-one I wild out at shows, break shit it should be fun Venues are like pussy with me, "Should he cum?" I'mma wax that like the chapstick in my backpack, for my black lips Then dip to Europe and come back with a stack of cheese A stack of cheese for these rats, Mac and Cheese New Preme shit got me feeling flyer than a bag of bees Fuck critics, (How's your dick?), "Shit, How's your knees?" Y'all on my dick more than my index when I take a pee Came up with "Rella", ain't touch a bag of weed Shit was doper than, Whitney Houston's needs Golf Wang, that's the team to be, "Aye!", getting TU, OF NB We was missing Sweatshirt like, where's the hooded sleeve Okay, nevermind, we found him [Tyler, the Creator] Guess I win, checks started cashing in I stopped rapping and started asking "Where my fucking passion is?" Probably where that faggot went (Who?), Tyler talking father problems Shocky shit he spit to popping topics in a gossip column I ain't ask for this, I did it out of boredom Thought that roach was cool, he died and pushed me into stardom Now Ye's PJ sippin leche, Chips Ahoy! boy, listening to Cowboy Aye boy, land in Melbourne and skate to Fitzroy (Aye!) AUS was AWES, I enjoyed, boy, y'all niggaz played as a tot's toy Have a good day as I annoy, oi [Tyler, the Creator] Cameras with panorama's views My shoes have seen more vans than Mexicanas with crackers in Alabama G-O-to the-L-F, this O-F, I open a store so I don't stress But nigga I, (What?), mosh in gardens, jazz punk shit Playing chords, making up shit, pardon my Dolly Parton's And I keep sharting, hoodies with rectangles and different colors Niggers think I started kindergarten [Interlude: Frank Ocean] + (Tyler, the Creator) My bitch was on my handle bars (I just wanna ride my bike) Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater My bitch was on my handle bars Hair blowing in the wind Her freckles look like candy bars Hair blowing in the wind My bitch was on my handle bars (I just wanna ride my bike) Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater My bitch was on my handle bars Hair blowing in the wind Her freckles look like candy bars My cool summer never ends Slater, Slater, Slater, Slater [Frank Ocean] Oh my god.. I guess you're a cool guy You're talking to a fucking bike, loser (haha) Oh... Fuck The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean, Nas Album: Wolf Song: 48 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Nas] Crack fucked up the world, and I wonder if they realized the damage I mean, I come from an era who made a lot of money of that shit I wonder if it fucked with their conscious It fucked with me being out there, I couldn't stand it I couldn't stand seeing people fucking themselves up like that But that's where the money came from [Chorus 2X: Tyler the Creator & Frank Ocean] 48, 48, 48 states I get it in 48, 48, 48 states I get it in They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose If you really need some blow I can get it for the low [Tyler, the Creator] Shit is getting warmer on that corner Gotta watch out for them 5-0 phoners Your mother is a goner I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar You got a daughter, shits getting harder The only thing you wanna bump her was your freedom You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep, and the seashore ain't soil You got a mother, she don't support you But you bought her a new house cause you love her Growing up you barely had a roof Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof I guess you're accustomed to what you're used to So you bought two, nigga They are coming for you, nigga Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind and it's all an illusion Who was alludin' all of this potent I am the reason your family is using and shootin' up, it's my fault You can blame me motherfucker, for killin' your aunties and uncles The hustle and hunger, all I wanted was a cheeseburger And a little chain tuck, didn't realize this game fucked, up some lives "Oh how's ma?" my conscience eats it up all the time But other than that I'm fine I got a little money in my pocket [Tyler, the Creator] Nigga, we broke as fuck Homie got a chop shop I sold that truck And I sold that dope Motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry She could have been a doctor, nigga, I'm sorry Could have been a actor and won that Oscar, said, I'm sorry I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry But I got a nice car, put my sister through school While my momma all cool, I'm sorry I'm in too deep and I can't see the shore, I'm sorry [Nas] You get addicted to the flip, the transaction, the hustling Even more than the money, it's just your job You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man And make this happen for that person, to do this and do that You become the go to guy forever And next thing you know you're in too deep, way too deep Scare the shit out of you, you wind up with so much work That you'll be scared to death It's important for us to realize, man We gotta get out of that, man Ya know, dudes is buying choppers To shoot down people that look just like them Dudes is buying guns to take down each other Nobody wins Ya known what I mean? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: Colossus Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ FLash [Tyler, the Creator] Went to Six Flags Six fags came up and said "Ayo can we get a pic?" I said no And they said "Oh it's Wolf Gang, +Yonkers+, +Goblin+ is my shit though" Now I'm like, fuck, I don't want to be an asshole So I'm sitting there posing with Travis, Devon With a fake smile like her titties was drawing it on So fucking annoyed because I missed Goliath Cause some kid said I was there then they caused a riot Now I'm surrounded by a 25 hound of fuckers tryin to get a photo All because they noticed the top with the box logo And them fucking ears, guarentee they didn't even hear Bastard They bandwagon-jumped me from a pogo, I'm going fuckin loco "Hey Tyler can I..." No, bitch, don't you see me tryin to buy a fuckin churro? "But Tyler, you're my hero, I used to get bullied Until I heard "Radicals," the last part got to me See, I used to give a fuck until my cock would bleed Now I'm the happiest I think I'll ever ever be My life is just like yours, no father My momma must have forgot to stop with a pop condom In school I was the one thinking outside boxes So everybody in them would say that I got problems So when I heard you say it, I said it back like fuck 'em You're in inspiration to niggaz like me Not the niggaz who like just cause of lyrics and beats I'm talking about the niggaz who don't know where they're going to be I heard the song Bastard right in the moment of heat Not in summer, but of course I was holding a heat Gun on the edge of my feet, I heard first piano chord And it drew me in like predators carrying treats Then I said to myself fuck is he speaking to me See me and you we go together like snare in a beat I mean snare and a kick drum, see me forearm I carved OF on it this morning with a glass shard On my green miniramp that I built in my backyard (that's weird) That's hard, that scar from playing air guitar When I see you play at the Roxy (uhhhh) Tyler, I love you, I want to be just like you (alright) I think about your face and I don't even fucking try to (no homo) Wish I had a basement mitt for me to hide you We could play X-Box and listen to 'In Search Of...' and eat donuts Over conversating about what church does Come up with weird ass videos with roach bugs I'm straight edge too, so no drugs on this trip And Raquel that bitch, you should've killed that bitch You should've took me instead (uhhh, that's weird) See, if you can't have her then he shouldn't either And if I can't have you then she shouldn't either No one should see you, but me in your t-shirt I worship until the fucking wrinkles on my knees hurt (what the fuck) Odd Future, Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, Flog Gnaw, free Earl mobbin I know it seems like just I'm slobbing on your knob But I'm just a fan and I'm lossing my fucking noggin (yeah you are) I ain't got a job and I went out and bought Goblin about 5 times Cause (thanks for the support) I love you man (alright) I like tie-dyed tees or just plain white tees, I like pants thats cut I like words like fuck, I got your pics on my wall With the mouth cut out, now paper cuts on my balls Cause your dicks in my jaw (what the fuck) And I hit on twitter about 10 minutes a day And I'm bitter cause you don't even respond with a hey (sorry) And my boys think I'm gay cause I play VCR In my car all alone speakers waking up neighbors..." Alright my nigga, calm down, it's getting weird, take this pic So I can get on colossus, rhyme this slow as molasses (Tyler listen) no nigga I see you are loving my shit And I appreciate the fact that you would suck on my dick But I'm not gay so its awkward, now I'm grouchy like oscar After spilling some shit on his newest pair of beige dockers Yonkers and yonkers (I love that song) Sick of hearing about yonkers I'm grateful that it worked, I attacked and conquered "Yeah whatever but I fucking blast at that concert I was at the Boston one, I got a t-shirt from Sagan And when I say sagan lockhart And when you came out to "Sandwiches" That's when my fucking boycrush got started" Just take this fucking picture man, shit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: PartyIsntOver * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * part 1 of a 3 part song {*instrumental until 0:26*} [Tyler, the Creator] Uhmm I said, the party isn't over We can still dance But I don't have no rhythm So fuck it take a chance with me The party isn't over But we can still dance girl But I don't have no rhythm So fuck it take a chance with a nigga Like me... like me {*instrumental until 1:16*} [Tyler, the Creator] Uhmm I said, the party isn't over We can still dance But I don't have no rhythm So fuck it take a chance with me The party isn't over But we can still dance girl But I don't have no rhythm So fuck it take a chance with a nigga Like me... like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Laetitia Sadier Album: Wolf Song: Campfire * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * part 2 of a 3 part song - starting at 2:13 [Tyler, the Creator] Yeah... Umm... All I needed was a stick Grab the marshmallows motherfuckers gettin lynched and burned I earned it, my Flog Gnaw badge is lookin good on this brand new jacket The donuts on the flag wavin over the cabin Now grab them graham crackers, and pass them over here Hurry, quickly! I need a piece of Hersheys Darker than the corners of the bushes we be lurking I - centered the mellow over the graham Heated it too long now it's melting over my hand Fuck it, I'll bite it, I burnt it, but I liked it Camping with my niggaz it's - so fuckin exciting [unnamed children singing] We're making smores, by the campfiiiiire Camp Flog Gnaw, golf wang summmmmmer [Laetitia Sadier] Sat by the fire To witness gentle, the tragical Transformations, cease to be mindless Create your sweetness and the wave float onnnn [Tyler, the Creator] Yo bring the bass back in Yeah, hehe Who ate all the fuckin chocolate? Oh that's Domo's fat ass, haha Yeah I ain't tryin to go home, really The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Frank Ocean Album: Wolf Song: Bimmer * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * part 3 of a 3 part song - starting at 4:39 [Intro/Chorus: Tyler, the Creator] You remind me of my Beamer A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater You got a lot of drive, I'm tryin to keep up But it's not a lot of miles on your meter You remind me of my Beamer See yo' ignition, baby girl I'm tryin to key up And your head lights are off, I'm tryin to see 'em But it's not a lot of miles on your meter So let me start it up - and smash you [Tyler, the Creator] + (Frank Ocean) Pop some tame Impala, your man got a lame impala (and it's dark outside) And I'm sharing slurpees and you ain't even begin to swallow (oooooooh) You're fuckin nuts; green top we coupled up Run my fingers through 'em as you wax and buff my muffler up Cause I fingered you, you think the fuckin ring is comin up? (oooooooh) Maybe, I don't know, I think you're chill (ride for) Ridin on my pegs, and my back against your legs And a seatbelt is needed if I get between 'em, yeah [Frank Ocean] Mmmm, it'll get dark outside soon (ride for it) Where the streetlights sing (ride for it) You ain't gotta lie it to kick it Darling it's cool we're movin slow [Tyler, the Creator] You remind me of my Beamer A lot of trunk space, the perfect two seater You got a lot of drive, I'm tryin to keep up But it's not a lot of miles on your meter You remind me of my Beamer - smashing You remind me of my Beamer [Outro]  Where you been man? Uh I had a drop off to make real quick Hey have you seen Salem?  Oh she with that new dude, Wolf or  Darnell, whatever his name is Fuck that nigga man Ay you know where they went?  I seen 'em goin down by the lake What the fuck!  You good man? You need some sherm? I got some  I got a can of these baked beans too Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Pharrell Album: Wolf Song: IFHY Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyler, the Creator] I never would of thought that Feelings could get thrown in the air Cause I accidentally caught that I need some new boxing gloves, shit got hectic whenever I fall back For example, ten minutes can go past without you brushing my thoughts That's fourteen forty a day so I'll say a hundred and forty four times I think about you or something like that Lost latch, the fucking thought of you With somebody else I don't like that cellular convo's getting left in the wrong Cause I get so fucking mad when you don't write back This isn't a song I just happen to rhyme when I get emo And find time to write facts (fuck) I love you (Can we add some more color, um, like, some more, yellow? Yeah, that's good) [Chorus 2X] I fucking hate you But I love you I'm bad at keeping my emotions bubbled You're good at being perfect We're good at being troubled Yeah [Tyler, the Creator] Girl you fucking with my emotions The fuck is all this noise about? I even considered picking up smoking You turned to a bitch, who let the dogs out? But in my dog house My bitch is the raddest Crazy who makes me the happiest Could make me the saddest Look Alice Let's get lost in your wonder-er-land fuck an atlas You're perfectly perfect for me What the fuck is this, practice? Actually, if you even consider leaving I'll lose a couple screws in due time, I'll stop breathing And you'll see the meaning of stalking When I pop out the dark to find you And that new dude that you're seeing with an attitude Then proceed to fuck up your evening Make sure you never meet again like god damn vegans Cause when I hear your name I can not stop cheesing I love you so much that my heat stops beating when your leaving And I'm grieving and my heart starts bleeding Life without you has no god damn meaning Sorry I'm passive aggressive for no god damn reason It's that my mood change like these god damn seasons I'll fall for you, but I love you [Bridge] The sky is falling girl let's try to catch it The sky is falling girl let's try to catch it The sky is falling girl let's try to catch it tonight The sky is falling girl let's try to catch it The sky is falling girl let's try to catch it The sky is falling bitch let's try to catch it tonight [Pharrell] + (Tyler) C'mon baby Even though I hate you I still love you I love you And Salem I know I'm passive aggressive (I'm sorry, fuck) (Come here) I like when we hold hands (You're the best around) See I get jealous (fuck) And if I see that nigga (If I see him) I just might kill him (look) (I wanna strangle you, till you stop breathing) Love, love, love (Spend the rest of my life, looking for air) (so you can breathe, and we can die together, you and me) (Fuck, look) I'm in love (Love) [Wolf/Salem] [Wolf] Yo, so why is Samuel such a fucking dick? [Salem] He isn't such a badass actually He's only here because he ran away because some shit happened back home. He's actually a dweeb [Wolf] Yo, what happened? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: Pigs Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyler, the Creator] Geek, fag, stupid loser find a rope to hang I'm not bipolar, see I'm just known by those couple names I wanna tell my pops but shit, he'll probably say the same Fuck.. Hated by everyone thats the way it seems I don't know whats shorter, his damn temper or my self esteem I sit in my room and I listen to tunes, I'm amused alone Because none of the cool kids would let me join a team Depression on the stalk again My best friend is an inhaler because it will not let me cough Whenever I am losing Oxygen, bully hand around my neck Because he felt disrespected when I decided to talk again I brought that on myself, see I should know my place But not at lunchtime, see I know better then to show my face around them But the day I do it will be everywhere When I share these feelings Finally they gon' fucking care Grab a couple friends, start a couple riots Crash a couple Gather all the bullies, crush them motherfuckers Odd future hooligans causing up a ruckus It's us, nigga I said its us, nigga [Tyler, the Creator] Murder, murder, m-murder the last they heard of you Was when I... "uh" with all them burners, you Think that I'm some punk bully bitch who ain't gone trouble you Well I'm gonna burst your bubble two times if you don't mind umm "Who are you again?" I'm Sammy and thats Tyler And we came to get wild and style in these trench coats! Don't start asking whats packin in these trench coats! But just know if you start acting I'm grabbin for these trench coats! My step-father called me a fag, I'll show him a fag I'll light a fire up in his ass And recently them assholes that be fuckin' with me in class. So I'mma keep them motherfuckers there and make sure they pass Huh. My prom date, she distance my offer So I'mma [?] and toss her in the principles office Oh, now you wanna conversate with me try to be my friend? (Yeah but my parents) Oh don't worry you will probably never see them again [Bridge] Bum bum bo bum bum Bum bum bum bum bum Bum, bum, bum, burumrumrumrum bum bum bum Bum bum bumbumbumbum, hehe We are the Sams, and we're dead its just four of us We come in peace we mean no harm and we're inglorious We took their heads but we just took back what they took from us I guess we lost ours [Tyler, the Creator] Music had nothing to do with my final decision I just really wanted somebody to come pay me attention But nobody would listen, but stuffed animals that I had Since I was a kid but I'm growing up so they missin I didn't mean to hurt anybody I'm sorry I wouldn't hurt a fly or consider joining the army I'm hardly ever angry, roger rabbit framed me Momma I'm the same fucking kid that you made see? I don't wanna go to jail I just wanna go home And I want those fucking kids at school to just leave me alone And I... I hear helicopters make them dip I'm fucking reloaded I told you all that I ain't takin' shit You better backup before this mac starts to lift up I'll pump it like my inhaler when asthma begin to act up The difference between us and our class is tan khakis I got 99 problems and all of them is being happy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Casey Veggies, Mike G Album: Wolf Song: Parking Lot Typed by: AZ Lyrics [1Tyler, the Creator] Tall ugly nigga with lips bigger than tigger Only blue print on these Vans like I don't listen to Jigger (Uhh) Cotton-picking nigger, Golf Wang season sicker than the block Colette and skateshops, where wolves deal 'em (Uhh) Workshop is awesome, ask Dill And let's pretend like I'm not making dollar Bill Withers on these fucking stickers (Uhm) Pulling down my zipper and she quick to say she doesn't suck Bitch, cut the crap like dyke booty when they scissor (Uhh) Pink haired Mrs, I'm her mister, sipping slurpees, bag of chips Now show your tits for mister Fuji, take a picture (Uhh) OF is popping like a blister, need some listerine Spitting got us balling like we Mr. Clean's sister (Uhh) Sick of being black, sipping paint thinner, [?] Plotting on the babysitter before dinner, and hopefully I get her If I don't, Fuck it then, see I never simp son, pull the opposite of Smithers, I'm done bitch [Chorus: Casey Veggies & Tyler, the Creator] Until the ozone leaves and the Earth is hot Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot The moon not working and the stars align I stay golden, y'all thought I was out my mind Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot Loiter Squad lurking in the parking lot [Tyler, the Creator] (Somebody told me...) I had a decline in the buzz, not a shocker bruh, I had the stun gun in my bum And when I drop shit you better have a towel and a sponge And ask why bitch, I eat a ton bucket of chum In Bikini Bottom, I am the biggest problem This shit fishy niggas dip like we were set in Harlem Eaters turn them into nuggets like Carmelo Anthon(y) We just sit and burn shit just like my fucking anthem [Mike G] I'm like goals, those is something you have to stand to reach My campaign speech elect me, Commander in Chief Respect to me is ever minor, appearances cause mass hysteria But I'm still uncomparable, I'm like the face of America I'm the ambassador from a land made of gold I'm a fuckin' centerfold, I'm somethin' to behold I can kill a hundred shows, take on for the road I'm results of putting persistent pressure on coals [Tyler, the Creator] It's a dog eat dog world, don't get bit bruh A son of a bitch I am, yup, I'm a sick pup (I thought that you were nice) Yeah I am slut I'm also half ass a racist who hates niggas, Yep I'm a mixed mutt Preme is the top bunk, green is the pillow case Golf is the bedsheets (Hat and my T-shirt) TrashWang sticker on that Chima Ferguson I'm real with the box, and I murder with the pen It's Bimmer Boy's boy never swerving in the Benz I'm listening to Dead Sam demos on the ten Can I get a medium with cheese and bacon? [Outro] It's Loiter Squad nigga... Fucking Loiter Squad... Sam's after you Sam's after who? You! For what? What the fuck? He found out that you and Salem are hanging out, he said he gonna kill you Kill me? What the fuck you mean kill me? Slow down, slow down, what the fuck you mean he gonna kill me? I don't know, he just said he gonna kill you Not if I get to him first The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Domo Genesis, Earl Sweatshirt Album: Wolf Song: Rusty Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I'm saying, you know, like All I ever told you to do was grow up, don't grow down You know, like, you know, grow up! Don't grow down, grow out You go from being a kid, doing your thing, hanging out with friends Months later you're world famous You're a gay rights activist, and you don't even know it You know what, I don't wanna say it to you no more, Tyler Fuck you Tyler! [Domo Genesis] Watch me get this money nigga, tired of being hungry nigga Nothing funny, sass me while I'm thrashing, I'mma punch a nigga Never made of plastic, I'm a savage, you look lunch my nigga Passing all you hating fucking fags we don't discuss, my nigga We ain't on no jolly shit and we don't pop no mollies, bitch I'm hockin', spitting got some niggas out here poppin' ollie switch Buncha novices, Odd Future the squad, its thick Them young niggas is back and brash, attacking with no common sense We the last of a dying breed And we don't give a fuck, so we cannot supply your needs You stupid niggas who had said our hype is dying, please My pocket's solid, making profit off the highest tees Bitch, [?] twerk as I get on the verse, cursin Nigga Dom so cool, I refer him in third person Watch me get this money, I'm up when the bird's chirpin Make actions, fuck rehearsing [Chorus 2X: Domo Genesis] Nigga, summer, fall, winter-time, 24/365 You niggas gon' give me mine, I don't have plenty time Flying out at any time, getting money, any grind You niggas gon' give me mine, you niggas gon' give me mine [Tyler, the Creator] In a world where kids my age are popping mollies with leather Sitting on Tumblr, never outside or enjoying the weather Can name a sweater, but not a talent or don't know if whether Or not they got one, tried to change their life for the better I was a drama club kid, I'd run with a fun dip, my nuts itched I was defiant, always said, "Fuck shit" Hated the popular ones, now I'm the popular one Also hated homes too, til I start coppin' me some See I don't beez in the trap, nigga, I beez in the b's And I be gassin' in my buzz like some bees in a Shell Fucking sick and getting bigger like I sneezed on Adele And bitches getting touchy-feely like they reading some braille I bust quick like gun-holders with short tempers, and well I tried to tell the kids, like fuck it, start being yourself These fucking rappers got stylist, it's cause they can't think for themselves See, they don't have an identity, so they needed some help, but Really, boy? Posers looking silly boy I'm in that past season 'Preme shit, older than Tity Boi Not a diss, but same with ice cream, my shit is (Diddy Riese) Na'kel Smith. Transworld page 64 Poppin' like oil, ollies, and fire flames I'm harder than DJ Khaled playing the fucking quiet game The fuck am I saying? Tyler's not even a violent name I'm 'bout as threatening as stained windbreakers in hurricanes But he rapes women, and spit wrong, like he hate dentists God damn menace, 666 and he's not finished And my shit's missing, he hates women, but loves kittens See y'all niggas trippin' man Look at that article that says my subject matter is wrong Saying I hate gays even though Frank is on 10 of my songs Look at that Mom who thinks I'm evil, hold that grudge against me Though I'm the reason that her motherfucking son got to eat Look at the kid who had the 9 and tried to blow out his mind But talk is money, I said, "Hi," I guess I bought him some time Look at the ones in the crowd. That shit is barnacles, huh? They thought I wasn't fair until I threw a carnival, huh? But then again, I'm an athiest that just worships Satan And it's probably why I'm not getting no fucking album placements And MTV could suck my dick, and I ain't fuckin' playing Bruh, they never played it, I just won shit for their fucking ratings "Analog" fans are getting sick of the rape All the "Tron Cat" fans are getting sick of the lakes But what about me, bitch? I'm getting sick of complaints But I don't hate it when I'm taking daily trips to the bank Over and over, shit, who gives a fuck what I think? My fans don't think turning on me, shit, they're almost extinct Fuck buying studio time. I'mma go purchase a shrink Record the session and send all you motherfuckers a link, bitch [Earl Sweatshirt] This shit just like the nights I look forward to not remembering So much for being sober, I hope that you can forgive me But Momma, I'm close to the edge as possible (Why don't you jump you fucking pussy?) I'm seeing it's a drop in my occular, jumping like they told me That the 40's half off, like you know that cliff Don't need a therapist to tell him he could float that shit (Fucking faggot) Or get compared to fucking pair with all the program kids So maybe a pair of pale bitches for the gonads lick (I'll show you) Malt liquor filling me up, and all us not giving no fucks and All of them sensitive chumps in awe when that pistol erupts (Pistol, I got one!) Dirty one spitting that sumpy raw till his wrists in the cuffs (Oh, shut the fuck up!) [Gunshot] [Outro: Sam] Samuel's here! Where's Wolf? Fucking faggot Salem was mine, bitch! Was that good enough, you fucking pussy? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Jasper, Na-Kel, L-Boy, Left Brain, Lucas, Lee Spielman, Taco Album: Wolf Song: Trashwang Typed by: AZ Lyrics Sawed-off I eat those These clothes they free though Straight from the back of the Supreme store Don't give a fuck about these hoes [Tyler] Hold on, run that shit back (This is a DJ Stank Daddy exclusive) I want the black kids to like me for this one, man [Lee Spielman] Trash Wang Illegal CIV Golf Wang [Screaming throughout the whole song] [Verse 1: Na-Kel] Bitch I'm with the fucking extras Big dog, cup full of egg nog Don't give a fuck 'bout shit but clips and Camp Flog Gnaw Sawed-Off I eat those These clothes they free though Straight from the back of the Supreme store Don't give a fuck about these hoes They just slob knob in New York shows Thirsty for the clit till I'm not flow Frigid jordan trip, bitch I got it poppin' Me and Jasper goin' coffee shoppin' Those that are boarding see a lotta posses Bitches see a boy and their mouths are frothing Chains glossin' Bitch Trash Wang niggaz Thrilla we da killa You can tell 'em, "Golf Wang And buy the fucking stickers" OF or Wolf Gang My niggaz is my niggaz Don't let the skateboards fool you Know niggaz that pull triggers Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up Trash Wang, nigga, roll a blunt Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up Trash Wang, nigga, that's what's up Trash Wang, nigga, roll a blunt [Verse 2: Tyler the Creator] Wolf Gang, Golf Wang, yeah, them niggaz are swell Tighter than a straight nigga goin' to jail Locked in a box, nigga, off them socks I can finally afford the bail My bitches are bad She's pretty normal looking with a real nice ass Now hop off my dick, with it We, Bitch, Mob, Task, Force, Lil, B, nigga Speaking of the devil Y'all niggaz cornier than kettle Y'all couldn't smoke like a heroin in a black ops player and reach my level Ate some bugs and I made some carats Fuck y'all niggaz' bullshit, y'all cherish I'm 21, I threw a party but Difference is, y'all didn't have a ferris Wheel [Verse 3: Jasper] Bitches out dancing I'm back nigga I face that Just cop that motherfucker bimmer nigga I race that Keep talking that shit I'll pull your card Get chipped like that nigga from stomp the yard Don't fuck with Jasper He a retard He and his mother fucking grandma have your family scarred [Verse 4: Tyler the Creator] Might fuck around and be a goat named Felicia Sorry, got a little excited It's prolly all the meth while it's being provided Wolf Gang, up in this bitch Red Riding Hood is pissed Somebody tell Megan and Sarah to come and suck a [Verse 5: Taco] Bimmers for days White bitches is slaves Niggaz ain't with that warfare My goons got aim 100 racks before 18 200 before I hit 6 feet Nigga we bout it bout it Yo bitch try to suck my dick [Verse 6: Lucas] Hold up my chain Versace Flocka Flame Pull up in the tank Cock back and aim (ouch) Spit my verse on the Gold Flame I love [?] shouting Golf Wang Your bitch tattoo It say my name Versace Santana Nigga bird game Supreme team Selling [?] Paying all these ratchets Full bills [L-Boy] (What) Yeah Y'all niggaz thought it was a game We shutting the motherfucking shit down now nigga It's over for you bitch niggaz I'm here with my nigga nasty Nak', Mr. Versace Wolf Haley in this motherfucker Jasper The Motherfucking Dolphin And my nigga, Mike G We taking this shit over Its shut down for you bitch niggaz I got the Tech I'm bustin' at y'all bitches heads nigga Fuck all you niggaz Its gettin' hot in here [Tyler] Odd Future Wolf Gang bruh we Kill 'Em All Golf Wang sticker on that Trash Wang Nigga knows that OF poppin Loiter Squad, Flog Gnaw OFWGKTA yeah you niggaz know them seven letters long Yeah, Wolf Gang up in this bitch Golf Wang up in this bitch Litter Life up in this bitch OFM, banging on your motherfuckin' FM Nigga, fuck you thought this was nigga Haha Click Click [gunshot] [Salem:] What the fuck was that The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Coco O., Erykah Badu Album: Wolf Song: Treehome95 Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Salem] You wanna hear the new song we just did? It's not finished but... yeah [Coco O - Intro] I want to go I want to go Baby let's go To my treehome Treehome [Verse 1] Special So let's go Lets go oh oh Oh, lets go I wanna go (Mmm) Treehome [Tyler] (Bridge!) [Tyler & Coco O - Bridge] Coming for you Oh yeah, we won't stop You're my favorite crayon in the box Lets think outside the lines Come to my tree house, yeah Let's escape then let me go head first And from what I've heard, it's great It's great [Verse 2] [Tyler] (There's a party) [Erykah Badu] Tuesday is good news day Not usually a full tray Can you pack your PJs? [Tyler] (There's a party) [Erykah Badu] Come into my treehome Boy, you must be special [Tyler] (I'm special baby) [Erykah Badu] No one ever comes here [Erykah Badu - Outro] Tuesday is good news day Not usually a full tray Can I pack your PJs? You must be special Come into my treehome Boy, you must be (Let's just escape) (Let's go to my tree house baby) Special Lets just escape You and me (Oh, he's special) Let's just escape Will you come into my tree house? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator f/ Tallulah Album: Wolf Song: Tamale Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Tyler, the Creator] They say I've calmed down since the last album Well, lick my dick, how does that sound? (Umm) Smell my gooch, you could kiss my buns And I don't give a shit, bend my rectum Somebody said bands make her dance You think you're getting cash, no bitch, you're dumb The only thing that you're gonna get is this dick Wait turn this up, bitch, this my jam, (Where the drums at?) Here, take a goddamn picture And tell Spike Lee he's a goddamn nigger And while you're at it, pass the lotion In fact, get an Xbox Live, that fun Before I come, I'm calling your sister When she comes over, I take picture Instantly put it on Instagram and suplex her off a building if I get banned [Chorus: Tallulah and Tyler, the Creator] Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Tamale! Why y'all so salty, I do Molly and zone, Can't agree bitch I'm on Your boy is bad to the bone [Tyler, the Creator] Bring back the horns that was played in the beginning And tell Tony Parker that I found his vision And if he's tripping off my sneak dissing Then he has to deal with me and my minions Tryna get a bimmer, E46 Have you heard 48, motherfucka I'm great Golf Wang prints always cover the sleeves From cuts from the Biebs, cause he's puffin' the trees, please Fuck I look like? Got a new bike tire Never popped like the pussy on a bitch dyke Think I give a fuck, I do, I go balls And I bust in her jaw like (Fuck that disease!) My urethra, hole that I pee from Bigger than an obese snack on Aretha Now, turn that snare down I'm back like I'm Rosa Parks fare on the same damn bus Like "You're going to jail now!" [Tyler, the Creator] How much wood could a woodchuck chuck? If a woodchuck could ever give a fuck? Bitch Suck Dick, motherfuck you and your opinions, (can you kick it?) Yes I can sir, [?] [Chorus 2: Tallulah and Tyler, the Creator] Yeah Buddy, [?], Na Na Na Na Na Na Na! Golf Wang, Golf Wang, Go Fuck You, Na Na Na Na Na Na! Why y'all so salty, I do Molly and zone, Can't [?] bitch I'm on, Your boy is bad to the bone [Tyler, the Creator] How many fags can a lightbulb screw? Well if I has a dick, they be two's and sixes, [?] NRA bout to lose my shit, shoot through Wayne LaPierre's hair with a crucifix How many ladies in the house? How many ladies in the house without a rich nigga, huh? A little Jergins in my palm for the jerkin' Hope my Mom don't catch me, tryna set mood Little Redtube, fuck lotion, I don't need lube, dryfit suits me Up and down, friction with the sound, shit's kind of disgusting Fap time and before I flatline, Clancy chimes in my room and catch me This shit's so damn embarrassing like... [Outro] [Wolf:] Oh shit, aw fuck [Clancy:] What the fuck! [Wolf:] Aw, I'm sorry [Clancy:] Clean that shit up, we're going to the office! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Wolf Song: Lone Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Dr. TC] So, what's going on Wolf? Talk to me man... People worry, we hear stories about you getting into fights and all this unnecessary bullshit What's on your mind? Talk to me I'm here [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator] Domo roll another one, I'm just fuckin' with you I ain't smokin' none My squad bring terror, no intended pun Merch booth made niggaz extensive funds Momma got the Rover with the Range She don't ever ever gotta struggle, not again And I put that on my dead grandmother's name... too soon [Tyler, the Creator] My nigga Slater, yeah that's my little pony Little homies is reppin' like I been fuckin' with Kony Nigga Phillip and Kobe, to my niggaz that know me Ya boy seem happy as fuck but truthfully ya boy lonely Niggaz a target for marketing, he's an artist Can't even walk into Target without bothering customers bothering Asking me for a picture, then I talk to their sister Naw nigga, get lost, you're fucking smothering God I wanna quit, but I can't, cause mother and sister can't pay the rent 4 stories with storage, I'm 21 with a mortgage And tourings' paying the bills, life is paying for thrills Lifes' a bitch bruh but from the third floor which is gorgeous A year ago I was broke, now how can I afford this I started off with disposables now I have an assortment And I'm using these negatives to develop a portrait Now the frame is a pain in the ass to get it in Without a scratch or stain on the glass But that's not important, just as long as it's printed And I hinted it is, and when I get it I'll make sure you get a copy bitch Shit I'll even add a signature with the fuckin' pic-ature I'll even tell you the film I used in the aperture [Tyler, the Creator] Grandmother died, didn't cry not a tear I got a lot of fuckin wind no water dripped out the eye But when I got the news, yup it left your boy stuck Cause when my mom dipped out she was the one that gave me a fuck Mom callin' and callin', I'm on my way to a show I answer, she cryin' sayin' Sadie is dyin' The doc said she only had a week for us to speak Before she deceased, cause cancer was just eating her cheeks up Fuck, nah this is really awkward for me bruh I hang the phone up, and adjust my seat back And started to think, like "What the fuck just happened?" I never had a death and I just seen her a week ago Meet them at the hospital I should In between the set of BADBADNOTGOOD Lionel asked what happened I said it's bad bad, not good Just take me to the Cedars-Sinai off of Oakwood Gettin' there, family sittin' center chair Awkard in the lobby, it was floating in the thinning air Getting there, need a sticker saying how I got in there, there's a room Open up the curtain, she's just sitting there, hello Our conversations brief, couldn't even make eye contact when we speak Lookin' at her you could tell all she had was weak And I'm not talkin days bruh, I'm talkin 'bout her strife I sat there 20 minutes tops hopin it was just a fuckin' plea that she could cop She died that night [Dr. TC] Oh that's heavy man, I'm sorry for your loss  [Tyler] Yeah whatever, don't worry about it.. [Dr. TC] Last time I seen Sammy he was lookin' for you  [Tyler] Fuck that nigga Sammy [Dr. TC] Uhh... Have you seen him?  [Tyler] Nah but if I seen that nigga I woulda killed 'em The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled 2 Song: Alone Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] I'm never alone. It's me, myself in this misery Darkness despite the 5/8 gliterries Plug me in like I'm the new kinect, 360 XBOX Yeah, plug me in like I'm the new connect, slanging crack rock Under the influence, underrated. My booth a sweat shop Hang towels and tank tops on my Sony C800 I could tell me to quit, enzymes rising in my liver But that's where me and him differ, nigga. I am not a quitter Half the time mind's in the shitter. I'm in the clouds. I hit a spritzers Most of us don't love to be givers, pretty swell listeners providing for those relying You can't define who you are. give fine line print refinement Motives for better timing. my motive's forever rhyming I open the forum for them. They're waiting for me to chime in And say what I say, Simon I'm debating if I should sign here [Verse 2] I'm never alone. It's me, myself, and my son I'm up before the sun for my son. That's my number one priority Majority of people are minority. Underhanded, I understand it Being taken advantage of ain't the best feeling is it? Nah The actions are found through anger [?] concealed [?] I'm trying to implement the simple shit, not hoping for episodes of incidents Which is prevalent without a settlement I'm heaven sent, hell bound, fresher than luxury with lemon scent And peppermints. Leather. Tints. Rev the 6 Series Beep the horn and see if she can hear a bitch clearly Make a bamboo earring got her name in cursive in the center A self-centered woman with no room for you to enter on her vagina agenda Got my name embedded, permanent henna I'll forget the times we had, will find another to resemble... her There's always that somebody. could you possibly be that somebody that's uhh Watching learning scheming, turning tables There's always somebody, there's always that Could possibly be that somebody behind your back Watching learning scheming, turning tables Watching learning scheming, turning tables Y'knamsayin? Nowadays you just gotta watch your back, baby I mean you gotta watch your back like you got two backs You feel me? Can't be trusting these motherfuckers They all scheming, man. All they want is your motherfucking paper your motherfucking talent, whatever you got Don't give up your independence, nigga And your motherfucking mind and that's all you got, y'nahmean? Besides your work Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled Song: Bullshittin' Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] Today is another toilet, I'm sorry to spoil it My heart lays behind a fortress Going to walk or you gon' forfeit? My horses would top a Porche My source's are anti-dormant Never snoring What's the morning to a 24 fitness? What's the difference when money pulls women, honey ho bitches? Wanna be your misses Look at her cleaning up your kitchen and shit Find out about your other bitch she gonna be bitching in fits Out she would be going with her 'til she's so in the quick Life is sweet, but it could turn on you, honey and milk Read apologies and weap I'll just run with the guilt See, I'm a fiend for a guilty pleasure In a day who could draw you to a filthy measure Go up in a dresser Pull that costume out and dress-up Vivid pictures you will remember forever She too clever Scars you'll leave for this sever Several emeralds placed within the gold I'll break your heart, you been the gold I'll play the heart beside your soul [Verse 2] Ashes to ashes Backflashes, me and you playing with matches Girl, ashes to ashes We were asses to asset, no half-step You always beat me to the punch, jab left I get mad skeptical about shit, but I ain't no ho Looking through your clothes trying to get the password to your phone See, I got my own, king of my own throne I be in my chair, half the time you think I'm blown Like, what the fuck you be on, my nigga? On another day long, singing songs, my nigga Predators get on their knees and prey on it, getcha It's better to read it and weep than read a holy scripture Moments are components of a frozen picture And if it isn't captivated, it's evaporated A mean nigga spitting nice words To a bright bird with slight curves Iceberg The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled 2 Song: Goodbye Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Hodgy Beats] My mind's a troubled friend Can't come to signify I'm blind my troubled friend But feel the Samurai When will the summer end? He don't solidify When I am gonna end There's no return goodbye [Hodgy Beats] I'll disappear on you, disappear See you in a couple years on you, years on you Don't need your shoulder, shed no tears on you I'm changing nut, switching gears on you [Verse 1: Hodgy Beats] This is rock bottom and I've dropped off tons You can bet your bottom dollar that I pocket ones They got 99 problems, I got a lot of rum And I drive a fast car, drop the top for fun [Lee Spielman] No longer in existence Existence of your presence And if the presents gifted From this you'll learn your lesson [x2] [Verse 2: Hodgy Beats] Uh, I will skate from you, skate from you Departure star, fade away from you, fade away Drop out the side and fly vacate from you You're negative I'm vibing hate from you Used to be my main squeeze now you're my main pain My grains and brain strains, I'll explain on my plane T Frankly, I just wanted to be happy with you after all, huh But after all the shit you put me through I'm OFF THE WALL [Lee Spielman] No longer in existence Existence of your presence And if the presents gifted From this you'll learn your lesson [x2] [Hodgy Beats] My mind's a troubled friend Can't come to signify I'm blind my troubled friend But feel the samurai When will the summer end? He don't solidify When I am gonna end There's no return goodbye The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled 2 Song: Karateman Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Hodgy (x4)] I tell a little homie, this is life I tell these cute bitches, get right Light a blunt for everybody, get high Everything is gonna be alright [Chorus: Hodgy] I'm lyin' on a landslide With a bag of California to smoke An ounce of shrooms for later And I ain't tossing, for my folks The once that was here before the fame And blame the world for bringing us so close Family's, been family tree, smoke apple-tree And that's what matters the most [Verse 2: Left Brain] (West side) My stompin' ground, I'm stompin' round in my black vans MellowHype on my jersey, tattoos on my black hands Ridin' up in that Chevrolet, smoke weed, everyday Rest in peace, to that nigga Nate You fuck niggaz, you can't relate All my niggaz up in this bitch Reppin' golfwang, you ain't even know it We smokin' on that Bama-Weed, you ain't even grow it Bitch im on your mind, tell me how it feel Bitch im on your mind, tell me how it feel [Verse 3: Hodgy] I tell a little homie, this is life I tell these cute bitches, get right Light a blunt for everybody, get high Everything is gonna be alright [Chorus: Hodgy] Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled 2 Song: SALE Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] Left Brain on the beat, nigga! That's the word, fuck that, fuck that, fuck that! Mellowhype! [Verse 1] Sellout, selling out on all these shows Also I stitch them Golf Wang clothes Did it without selling our souls, bitch we (Sellout!) At the end a nice stack in our dough We ain't doing it for these hoes We did it for what the fuck who knows Nigga, we sell out! I'm living life You niggaz broke, I'm rolling up When you don't smoke, this shit is for real This the life we choose, I ain't no sellout! Been on Rolls Royce still on Oakwood Hodgy Beats up to no good Push in that grain like I know that wood [Hook] It's a sellout, 100, 400, 2000, we 'bout it Sellout, 100, 200, 3000, we 'bout it nigga! [Verse 2] I'm on the edge like a coastguard, coast to coast I go hard Send you bitch niggaz a postcard My nigga, I try to fuck with everybody What's significant about it You can't fuck with anybody, nigga If this beef is roastbeef Got it stuck between my gold teeth It's how to make move, She choose me! Cus' I'm the one! Still partying when, The party is over Hardly sober, always Working Call this service tip my motherfucking chauffeur Look at these niggaz biting our culture Hunting our style like vultures cool kids and Packing impulsively I've been here, It's nothing you whore I'm about to do it again You know I do it to win While we choosin the smoke you niggaz blowin away in shrooms Kickin it, I'm trippin bars and kickin it with these bitch and dogs Missin calls, business calls, I'm coming down, my dick getting soft I'm headed to the shop, who's that Sarah and Cedric I'm reppin the wreckin the crew but it's up to you, cash or credit [Hook] It's a SALE though, 100, 400, 2000, we 'bout it SALE though, 100, 200, 3000, we 'bout it nigga! [Bridge] Sellin all this merch all across the earth We roll up our future, gotta get a shirt You break, you buy One shirt for 25.99 You just look no try Sellin all this merch all over the earth We pull up that Wolfgang, gotta cop a shirt Wolfgangnam style Mass producing trash from pollution, refusing wackness and bullshit For the ones in the back of that classroom being the nuisance Mass producing trash from pollution, refusing wackness and bullshit For the ones in the back of that classroom being the nuisance [Verse 3] You ain't on my level dawg I push reverse and pedal dawg You climbed up once, fell hella hard my nigga Ridin global for my hella shows You went around the globe, you ain't got talent hoe Can't catch a phrase or balance bullshit, will be done Finished diminished and plenished I'm replenished in premise About things that are utter and st st stutter, completed the sentences Hodgy Beats, I'll make you lovers hate me I'm t-baggin the bad one and we don't even make tea SALE though SALE though SALE though SALE though... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats f/ Left Brain Album: Untitled 2 Song: Wicked Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: x2] You should be careful who you hang with and who your friends are! You get in trouble fuck with rock-stars and gangstars! Wicked! Bitch I am not your fucking friend! Wicked! Wicked! Bitch I am not your fucking friend! [Verse 1: Hodgy Beats] You know where I'm from, coming from where I'm from Suck a thumb, or get your hi-hat built by Toms Drum You know God I'll introduce you to his Godson Fairly Odd son bang your head and let it throb some! It's that rock shit, fuck a cop pork chop shit Squeeze your fucking Glock and spit flames in the drought bitch! You're not akin to me, my fires never friendly, Adrenaline got me trembling Thirsty to kill an enemy! [Chorus x2] [Bridge x2: Left Brain] Grab this tulip, strangle you till you die Truth in my heart, less than hate in my mind Multiply emotions soon will divide Yourself from the crash reality will collide [Verse 2: Hodgy Beats] My friends and my imaginary adversary, actually Mind blows like fragmentaries manditarily Don't cross the roof with sand altin fluids Lucid enough to see through it Trespassin feet, tuli's a suit, fit a new flesh Call it trash mob, bring mafia rep that you set Burst you like the Klu Klux crosses, the grandmas do vet You were never kin to me, fuck you and your resource The fuck you bunch, we kill em Feel no remorse [Chorus x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Untitled 2 Song: Years Typed by: AZ Lyrics I said, where do you see yourself in a couple of years I said, where do you see yourself in a couple of years I said, where do you see yourself Where do you see yourself Where do you see yourself I said, where do you see yourself in a couple of years [Verse 1] I get so high my lungs hurt I drink too much, got liver problems And I put it on my bottom, got silver dollar Black on black guns, got nigga problems Lights, Action Bronson, strike back and conquer And Parks and Recreations like Ronald Swanson Nigga with an attitude, straight outta Compton And I ain't from Gotham, I'm from Patterson And I'm smokin weed, and pacing y'all And my head it aches cause I'm overcharged Then you on my nerves You know what happened to the ball, it curved And I chucked my deuce like a swerve Since you got a mouth, then holla If you ain't gonna follow me then swallow I ain't trickin on what's drippin I'm sittin on my next dollar Now ask that to a blind person [Verse 2] People try and get in touch with a nigga but But don't have... in my Disney cup I'm pourin henny up, drinking more Remy up Pass out, dreaming about pullin this Bentley up Really, I'm silly but, giddy up, stupid ass No mind, top down, when my... ass And I pass A+ in my music class Do the math, loser pass We the future of hip hop, punk rock Take a selfie with your groupie ass Pose for the picture Pose for the picture Photo with a nigga Take your photo with a nigga Take a photo with a nigga [Outro] They say you never reach what you search On your duration's visit We die to make a living And do things like pay attention On your road your daily mission Skys the limit, limbs extended Care to see the land and the water Where nature created friendship From a picture to the beach chair I'm at the beach, I'm coolin, I'm coolin I'm at the beach, I'm coolin, I'm coolin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: 4 Tears (S) Song: 4 Tears Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Swag swag, times two I don't cry cause I'm strong I don't cry cause nothin lasts forever I don't cry cause the kids are grown I don't cry at alllll I don't cry cause them days are gone Ooooh child, ooh child But when the sun sets just right Ooh I might Shed a tear And when the good word hits home I'll shed a tear, I'll shed two tears I won't cry in the car I won't cry in the bathroom stall I won't cry when I'm home alone I won't cry at all I won't cry cause them days are gone Ooooh child, oooh baby doll But if the sun shines too beautiful I might - I'll shed two tears And when the good word hits home I'll shed two more tears Now that's fo' tears - you got enough? No more tears, you've had enough That's fo' tears The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: 99 Problems (S) Song: 99 Problems Typed by: AZ Lyrics I got a one track mind On this runaway train And your runaway doggie With that runaway brain I'm a baller and a player and she's all about the game And I come to entertain And she come after I came Her name is Tatyana, or her name must be Christina But when she get in to begging I turnt up like I'm Felicia Her name is McRamon but she sure ain't CRV That's the type of chick I see around but do hardly Bitch, I'm up and I'm running as soon as you start me Fresher than Chewbacca Shakka White, tall, starched tee My wolves bark like trees Talk like G's Nigga talk like me I'm just rapping on the beat Consider that I'm an artist I'm there looking like the labels and bitches, I go the hardest They're aiming at my wolves like they're feeling going to target And you ain't gonna buy shit I ain't surprised The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Alright (S) Song: Alright Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] You know at, at times I wanna be real, real positive When I feel real negative, you know? I just wanna be on the grind I am on the grind, what the fuck you doin'? [Verse 1] Is it difficult to ship a boat? Is a ship a boat? Bringin' in shipments Odd Future equipment, check my statistics Wipe off your lipstick, lips around this dick Money make all the hoes swallow And money move the crowd and make the crowd follow Money translates from English to Tagalog Struttin' life's runway you coked up model Niggaz like flossin' until they floss ya Busy eatin' got you feedin' burrito with salsa The problem that I have with me is me Where I go I'm being watched like channel Disney Boomerang motive of a frisbee Once he's going he's not coming back is he? Nah [Verse 2] I get to the point, absolutely pissed Cut you off like a hand, absolutely missed Can't shake it, the pain can't fake it Life and love is like food, you eat it how you make it Sound like I'm saying the same shit you don't understand Love in my right feet and you the other hand My cap snaps back like black rubberbands The fact that I'm black and I rap brother man Put me above the ladder, steppin' on bladders Fuck family matters I'm a bad black caffer Plus I'm a bastard, where's my male figure? I might as well look up to the white male pale nigga Grape to the wine-side, eyes to my blindside No emotions, my feelings are dime-wide I'm on some new shit, some true shit While others play Brittany Murphy in Clueless The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: April 27th (S) Song: April 27th Typed by: AZ Lyrics She is going down that crack rock road Let go of the steering wheel grab the matchbox slow Take a dose of what most of us call that robot nose Give you shit until I dip it like a pothole When I'm glancing you looking at me, seeing I got gold I put my foot down, baby girl I got soul And so what if I'm a non-believer? With the life beyond your boundaries You step in, I could make your heaven hell And use it as a weapon well Empty shells, jail, no bail Maybe parole, when I roll You will go out the load 'til I explode, C4 boom The only one who blows my head like ballons Can't wait til my baby out of that cocoon of yours He will bloom, of course And consume the source that we giving, it's a given It's a given when I look up in the sky I don't see a fucking ribbon That's on top of what contains your intelligence You're my relevance, your my angel, I haven't seen Heaven since They say that red is the color of the Devil's dress Finding the bitch, she a fully-dressed dish Damn, ayo I just... you know, I... you know how I feel, right? I mean I don't really have to elaborate anymore, it's just like, in your face... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Bad Candy (S) Song: Bad Candy Typed by: AZ Lyrics Uh, I got a cavity, I ate some bad candy I need to go to the dentist, as sooon as possible Syd the Kid, Hodgy Beats If love is so sure, why am I unsure? And If love is so pure, why are we unpure? You went and disappeared so what did you come for? Sweepin' up my broken heart, love is some chore I fight for my rights like a Michael Moore Gleemin' watch on your wrist, I bought from Michael Kor We in the ring, 1 on 1, I can't fight no more A disguise is on a oust until it hits your core My house ain't a home, so we split the door With my feet to the ceiling, hands on the floor Upside down, downside up harassin' me Close the vessels door cause it reach full capacity Love cavity, is what it seems to be, actually She passin' me up, while I'm in a stand still I was full of myself until the cans spill I was full of myself until the cans spill Fuck you bitch, you stupid ass slut You skill slik little... ha ha Yousa bitch I fucking hate you, I hope you die And after I kill you, I hope you die And after I fucking kill you, I hope you die BITCH, I hope you fucking die, ah! Fuck you and what you're goin through I don't care about who you call, and what he goin' do You can't fuck me up more, I've been in this shit hole My pride never gets low, like aimin' a pistol Fuck you bitch, in every single kind of way The next we fuckin' ho, I'm goin out the condom way Anaconda, I forgot bout what I was tryna to say You sexy but you turn me off, like I'm kinda gay! Fuck a female, a bitch is a relationship Years is a waste of my time, cause I hate this bitch You always wanna push me to my limits I see you on that outs bitch, cause I don't wanna be in it I'm finish, and I swear I would never come back I don't chase love, bitch I run laps! This isn't a race to see who marries you Cause what we had is gonna be fuckin' gone in burials Bad candy! Bad candy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats f/ Left Brain Album: Crap (S) Song: Crap Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Left Brain] Left Brain Bitches all wanna be in the club with me, me Bottles of the rosay in that V.I.P., P With the Wolf Gang, Yeah you wanna be Just because you got that ass don't mean you gonna be I know what you want, you want this dick inside you You want me to be your man and stand beside I'm a player, a/k/a a slayer I fleed out the scene told her see you later Bitch, chocolate chip, what you drinkin' tonight I'm sippin on that promeslane, cold and sprite Yeah I'm moving slow, but the music is fast Don't even start thinking about my cash Yeah I know a nigga just payed for that cab Cause driving drunk will end up in a bloody crash But fuck it in the end of the night, I'm very well And you can go and tell your friends the fairytale, Whoa [Hook] [Hodgy Beats] Keep on playin''round Watch you bump yo head Hit yo noggin hard Should've listened to what I said Wisdom from the wise Eyes all bloody red Intoxicated dreams Woke up in hell instead Of my cow kid cottin And a lady of breast Neighboring my flavoring Tryna see which move was next Bitch I'm a secret agent Fuck up as my gun Maggin' up, extended thumb Dragon tounge, nigga fire You needa stop playin' round Curiousity killed the cat But you roll in dark and nightime like a bat Niggaz be on the corner tryna teach themself how to ollie And I ain't catching them catching the 7 bus home until I got it Life of a teenanger, young, black in the hood Inspirations of making out so everything can be good Mellowhype lifestyle, odd future records We the hot shit got them sneezing out this pepper, oooh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tyler, the Creator Album: Cult Shit free single Song: Cult Shit Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com * Tyler spits over Madlib's "Stepping Into Tomorrow" instrumental [Tyler, the Creator] I'm recordin this shit on the fuckin little mic by the little, camera thing on the fuckin Macbook so... This shit is choppy and bad quality, but fuck it Wolf Gang, Ace Creator.. Somebody tell Justin Beiber that I'm fuckin comin Ain't no point in runnin, I'm an eager, just a little queeger So I catch him stretchin, have him guessin where his cracker throat Chop his balls off and use his skin to make a baby coat Ain't he dope? No, (OH!) he the same as shit that Tyler wrote This is Ace, Wolf is in the back with Travis snortin coke Riley's here, Connie's dead, pickin pussy pissin pike She won't leave, dick as big as Kelly Price's appetite Apprehend a couple men, triple six is fuckin sin Make Queen Latifah and Sydney go slap a couple dykes Wrap around until they hit the ground and they hear a sound that doesn't make sense like nigger kids wearin cap and gowns This my album, and when your parents try to come around Do the FUCKIN' exact opposite of turnin it down And when they try to get parental and start talkin loud Tell 'em that you're from the WOLF GANG and you're fuckin proud Then start barkin loud (AH!) 'til the neighbors wanna calm you down But call the pigs who prol'ly come near in 'bout a half an hour Tell them that you're sorry, you're a cow, took a fuckin shower But make it in time for shitty re-runs of Rocket Power (okay) This is the shit that is makin me cynical The clinical attempts at schizophrenia's critical Fuckin voices follow me, emulatin like Twitter roll O.F. is the coldest thing, and I'm the fuckin general So when I mention suicide, I'm bein Mr. Literal Then poke inside nine capsules, FUCK it let's split a roll Life is like a phone booth, these pigeons is the fuckin toll 1-800-FUCK-THIS-SHIT... Seven years old in my heart, so I'm stayin gold But when I fuckin' go, Lucifer will prol'ly have my soul It's hot down there - FUCK that, bitch I'm hot as coals Out the microwave, mixed with a bowl of yellow raviol' Yellow firetruck and Arizona during summertime in a turtle neck, thermal jeans, spin purple wine Wolf Gang 'petein, gon' live, runnin outta time ..The fuck I give is the same as the next line {*two bars length of silence*} (FUCK EVERYTHING) That's what my conscience said Then it bunny-hopped off my shoulder, now my conscience dead Now the only guidance that I had is splattered on cement Actions speak louder than words, let me try this shit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Hodgy Beats Album: Diggin' In My Pocket (S) Song: Diggin' In My Pocket Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1] The only time she speaks the taboo Is when I get her purchased shirts and the tattoos Forget about the Bengals, make the system bambooz Conditioner for the hair to follow the shampoo If not, shoppin, lip-gloss poppin She copped the attitude, forgetting the meaning of respect Money equal gratitude, her feet Indian Pressing in the latitude New pumps, [?] can't go casual That's like tryna turn a ho into a housewife 3 AM still at the club all night Silver Patron, gingerale over sprite The insight of a golddigger ain't nice It cost to be the boss and I can't pay the price She's a fucking gamble snake eyes, nigga roll the dice If it ain't about her nails, her house or her ice Diggin' in my pocket, diggin', diggin' in my pocket She diggin' in my pocket, diggin', diggin' in my pocket My pocket [Interlude] Hello? Yo, what's up baby? How you doin'? Huh? You need some more money? Whatcha you mean you need some more money? I just gave you like six hundred dollars! [Verse 2] She diggin in my pocket, yeah she livin' in my pocket Money make her laugh so she giggling in my pocket Shake her booty to the beat, wriggling in my pocket Girl you need to stop it, or else I'm a knock this She giggle and I'm smoky, actin like I ain't got shit She say "nigga you are rich" (No I'm not, bitch!) "Na-uh, Hodgy don't try to play" When all she do 24/7 is play all day I'm a end up broke, if I have to pay all day Pay for my admission and have to pay her way She need to go to work, need God? Go to church You only seem to flirt when you want a new skirt Girl I need a fix, and a second; grab a twix You claim to need [?] and the [?] and the gifts Well I have no more to give If you can't listen to me? Well, here's my ad-libs (You can't have shit!) [Outro] Yeah girl, you really have to go, y'know You was diggin' my pockets too deep But I [?] I hope you happy, cause I get money, money I got money, money Odd Future, go on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: Dream Killa (S) Song: Dream Killa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Dream dream dream {*2X*} Killa, killa [Frank Ocean] You said I'd never make it well I'm here You told me I should go and sleep off the dreams You promised I would stop havin nightmares If I could do my best to just not believe [Chorus 1] Say I'm infatuated with my future Too in love with tomorrow And that tomorrow's a mystery that won't be solved Tomorrow's a rolling stone that won't be home [Chorus 2] Never dream that you tell me lies, lies, lies Vicious lies looking me in my eyes, lies, lies I'm runnin, I'm runnin as fast as my mind will let me I'm runnin, I'm gunnin, dream killas on the hunt for me I'm runnin, I'm runnin, won't never let 'em get me I'm runnin, I'm runnin, dream killa, dream killa killa [Frank Ocean] Villain with a dagger was chasin me I woke up and you were standin right there You kissed me and said that's just a bad one babe Then I asked you what's that in your hand [Chorus 3] You told me I'm infatuated with my future Too in love with tomorrow You say tomorrow's a mystery that won't be solved Tomorrow's a rollin stone that won't be home [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] I'm gonna sleep good as soon as you're gone But I can't dream good as long as, long as [Outro] I'm runnin, I'm runnin as fast as my mind will let me I'm runnin, I'm gunnin, dream killas on the hunt for me I'm runnin, I'm runnin, won't never let 'em get me I'm runnin, I'm runnin, dream killa, dream killa killa Dream killa, dream killa killa Dream killa, dream killa killa Dream killa, dream killa killa Dream killa, dream killa killa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean f/ Kendrick Lamar Album: Future Talk Mixtape Song: Bend Ya Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: Frank Ocean] All the spoons in my kitchen (Bend, they bend, they bend, they bend, they bend) Bend ya up, and bend ya back down All the girls in my bedroom (They bend, they bend, they bend, they bend, they bend) Bend ya in and bend ya in and bend ya back out All the rules to this game, oh I (Bend, I bend, I bend, I bend) Bend it girl, bend it girl [Verse: Kendrick Lamar] Uhh, soon as I enter I put a hurtin on it if I don't kill it she injured For a long time, summer, spring and winter Fall for anything, you clumsy ass nigga Jumping off the boat in some eighty-seven locs She's seen them hundred spokes, and then that woman spoke But I don't talk back,I put my life on tracks If that don't work put your wife on track Show me where the candle wax, it must be you Because I burn right through everything y'all do High octane when I bring on my last name Mr. Lamar a.k.a "The Cash King" Quicker than pre-cum won't you give her a reason to not meet/meat up with me like a vegan Psssh! God Damn I'm the fuckin man She said fuck her man, now she fuck with man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist Frank Ocean Album I Need It (S) Song I Need It Typed by OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Yeah yeah yeah One winter morning I went for a drive I stopped somewhere between June and July I love these warmer days But maybe I can't see that the snow's still falling I only see the gift my heart just brought me Merry Christmas babe... that's what she said Oh she didn't have to do much, but she made me smile December in Manhattan feels like South Beach now I love my bab-y, oh yes I do It ain't about you givin anything, as long as you're my everything Cause lady what could you give to me better than what you've been givin me Just keep talkin in my ear, cause I need it And tell me you'll be right here, if I need ya Cause the greatest present you could give is the present Ohhh, I need it [Frank Ocean] It's just a regular morning, I'm a regular guy Takin the train to my nine to nine But something's different today, hey I had an envelope sittin right next to my breakfast And it's from my baby, not the bill collectors Happy birthday bay-bay... then it sai I know we don't got much but baby we got us And after you get off, we gon make sweet love Now go and get that cake - ohhh yeah [Frank Ocean] One day the whole world will hear me sing Then I'ma run and buy you those things But right now, three months pay barely gets me a diamond baby But one day I'ma buy you that ring, ohhhhhh Just keep talkin in my ear, cause I need it And tell me you'll be right there, if I need ya Cause the greatest present you could give is the present Ohhh, I need it [Outro] Ohhhh, ohhhh Nothing but, everything Ohh yeah yeah I don't need anything Long as you're my everything Long as you're my everything Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh Yeah yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: Pyrite (Fool's Gold) (S) Song: Pyrite (Fool's Gold) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Babe just say you miss me, is it that hard? Too long since I've heard about our love Am I in this for myself? And hey yeah with rose colored lenses on my store bought frames To see somethin other than these blues and grays I need somethin different, hey yeah yeah yeah Cause you ain't feelin the same Who knows~! Maybe I'm crazy That's one big maybe But even a fool knows when it's gold, gold, gold I know, pyrite from twenty-four karat yeah Cubics from genuine diamond yeah A call from the woman who loves you and hello from a friend I know when it's real, I know how to tell I know the difference between what you say and how you feel Oh, oh I know when it's real [Frank Ocean] Oh, I can tell the difference every time that you call But I don't need a drink I need some time in my car Time to drive - and think Time to park - and cry You shoulda known you were beautiful You shoulda known what I saw in you yeah Please forgive me for feelin like it's all your fault A heavy heart can't carry blame for the loss [Frank Ocean] You might not notice, but I'm a man with pride And this hurts me baby, deep down deep down I can't let go of this, gotta know I tried It's pathetic baby, don't lie don't lie I'm a candle you're the sun, and you're burning baby You're burning baby - burnin up, burnin up Burnin up, burnin up Burnin up, yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh [Outro: Frank Ocean] Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Pyrite from 24 karat yeah Cubics from genuine diamond yeah A call from the woman who loves you and hello from a friend We'll never be more than friends We'll never be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean f/ Twista Album: Thinkin Bout You Remix (S) Song: Thinkin Bout You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] A tornado flew around my room, before you came Excuse, the mess it made, it u-sually doesn't rain in Southern California much, like Arizona My eyes don't, shed, tears, but boy, they pour when [Chorus 1] I'm thinking 'bout you (ooh no, no, no) I've been thinking 'bout you (you know, know, know) I've been thinking 'bout you Do you think about me still? Do ya, do ya? [Chorus 2] Or do you not think so far, ahead? Cause I been thinking 'bout forever, oooh Or do you not think so far, ahead? Cause I been thinking 'bout forever, oooh [Twista] Twista The remix Beautiful black woman can you accept me? I'm hoping you never forget me Touch you wrong I never let my hands let me Feelings for you as deep as my ancestry Lookin at you, black as an Egyptian statue Elegant in stature, got'cha All in my mental, when I feel the energy Every memory I still try to capture, rapture Beautiful goddess but modest and I'm as astonished as everybody else that I let you escape my physical Form and to be especially cause you were warm I was hopin that we would make a commitment that was biblical Pivotal situation put us in critical consequences I feel like it was all senseless Now my pain, when I be feelin when I'm defenseless Cause I shoulda worked harder for you up in the trenches I'ma be +Frank+, +Oceans+ I think about it Comparison when I measurin the depth of our love There'll be nothin above; sadder than +Purple Rain+ Memories got me +Cryin+ like a +Dove+ Well do you ever think about it - or did you really forget? I don't think I forgot an hour What you used to look like steppin out the shower Super sexy put you in a position of power Spiritual essence of what a real woman is Let's get in a time machine, I call it music Hoping I can jog every memory and get subliminal takin you back forever the way I use it How I tell the DJ spin it Thoughts about you are usually in-finite You on my mind is always authentic When I think about you I be all up in it [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] No I don't like you, I just thought you were cool enough to kick it Got a beach house I could sell you in I-daho, since you think I don't love you, I just thought you were cute - that's why I kissed you Got a fighter jet, I don't get to fly it though, I'm lying down [Chorus 1] + [Chorus 2] [Frank Ocean] Yes of course; I remember how could I forget - how you feel? You know you were my first time - a new feel It won't ever get old, not in my soul, not in my spirit, keep it alive We'll go down this road 'til it turns from color to black & white [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: U Got It (S) Song: U Got It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] Said he never takes her nowhere And she's always in these rooms She was more than just a phone call She says she's really in the mood Don't you move cause I'm comin, girl tell him don't bother Cause baby I'm rushin to you, don't you move Girl you know that's all you needed to say - you got it, you got it Let me grab a jacket and I'm on the way - you got it, you got it Ohh you want more, you want more Is that enough, is that enough? Say the word and I'm on the way You got it, you got it all You know the words, you know the number You got 'em, so quit playin A couple words, I'm comin runnin You got 'em, so just say 'em [Frank Ocean] Yeah I'ma knock twice when I get there, ohh Then we can make love in one of those rooms oh no no no Listen I wanna show you the ocean ohh And we can make love under the moon Don't you move cause I'm comin, girl tell him don't bother Cause baby I'm rushin to you, don't you move [Frank Ocean] Girl I'm, very proud to say that I got you Like a guy need you oooh yeah Show you off like a brand new set of wheels See you lights baby, tell me how it feels I said I got ya, ohhh yeah [Outro] You know the words, you know the number You got 'em, so quit playin A couple words, I'm comin runnin You got 'em, I'm just sayin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: Voodoo (S) Song: Voodoo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean: repeat 2X] Darker times They're tellin boulder heavy lies Looks like all we've got is each other The truth is obsolete Remember when all I had was my mother She didn't compromise She could recognize, voodoo Our daughters and our sons Are just candles in the sun, voodoo Don't let him see divide, mmmm Don't you let her see divide Voodoo [Outro] She's got the whole wide world in her Juicy Fruit He's got the whole wide world in his pants He wrapped the whole wide world in a wedding band Then put the whole wide world on her hands She's got the whole wide world in her hands He's got the whole wide world in his hands His hands The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Frank Ocean Album: Whip Appeal (S) Song: Whip Appeal Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Frank Ocean] I'm out in front of Supreme, like I own it Buttercream Benz, goldfinger wheels Driver can't steer, but look like Pam Grier She like "Where's there parkin 'round here? That spots reserved, so are those right there" Reserved for who? For pretty girls in sports cars [Bridge] Pretty girl drivin my sports car Cause my license been suspended Pretty girl drivin my sports car Got my feet up on the woodgrain, roof missin You've got that whip appeal Whippin my stick, shift, gear You'd be a gun but you're a girl Only if whippin could kill You've got that [Frank Ocean] Up and down Mulholland, on the weekends we chill You're drivin with no shoes - cruise control Love the way you take the wheel Got your photo on my air freshener In a sense just like, the [Bridge] + [Chorus] [Frank Ocean] I just finished practice She's on her way to get me, she's in traffic She said give her 20 minutes (I'm fin' to hop in the shower) Girl I hope 20, don't mean an hour And as the cold water runs over my chest I've been thinkin 'bout your skirt on my head rest Pretty girl drivin my sports car Pretty, roof missin [Chorus] - 2X [Frank Ocean] I let you drive my Benz Flossing all your friends 'round town I let you fill my seats, with shopping bags I let you go on do your thing Riding with your friends round town Riding with your girlfriends And I always keep it clean So why don't you park in the front, just to stunt That'll make all them bitches mad Why don't you lift up the roof, just to stunt It'll make all them bitches mad All them girls wanna be you Artist: The Game f/ Lil Wayne, Tyler the Creator Album: The R.E.D. Album Song: Martians Vs Goblins Typed by: itssergio@gmail.com [Verse 1: Game] Blood gang kill 'em all, Odd Future Wolf Gang Kidnap a vampire, drain all his fuckin veins Wolf Grey Jordans, use his intestines for the strings Snatch up Rihanna and throw her in front of a fuckin train Sniff a fucking unemployment line of cocaine Tie Lil B up to a full tank of propane Swag, now watch him cook.. and just stand there and look Have a bonfire with old Harry Potter books Martians vs. Goblins, goons vs. the crooks And since me and Tune had Viacom shook I shoulda got a real-ass pirate to do the hook Maybe Jack Sparrow maybe Peter Pan's nemesis My power's limitless like Blanco on Sega Genesis Superhero, mad that Marvel overlooked me Cause Spiderman and Hulk straight pussy [Hook: Lil Wayne] Bitch I'm a motherfuckin Martian (I'm a goddamn Goblin) We are not the same, I am a Martian [Verse 2: Tyler] A year ago, I was poor, somewhat Now my future's brighter than Christopher's new haircut Bruno Mars is still sucking dick and fucking male butts In the same closet that Tyler Perry gets clothes from I suck? Where the fuckin Ring Pops? You got a better chance of getting a copy of Detox Wolf Gang, we rock, crack rock and that shit was expected Like Jayceon whenever he name-drop (Fuck you, Tyler) Jesus, motherfucking Theresa This nigga Game got Wolf Haley for this feature My team is running shit like we have full-cleat Adidas Getting chased by the police on a full bred Cheetah Bishop Eddie caught me tryna escape Bag full of drag and a Nicki Minaj mixtape Dragging all you fags to the back of the log cabin Fall back like Lebron's hairline against the Mavericks, he lost [Hook] [Verse 3: Game] I do cause Tunechi always bless me He killed me on my own track, so what? Not you Fuck you, I spit like I had kids with Erykah Badu I fucked her on the day of that naked video shoot I was sucking that pussy like it was wonton soup Then I hit Lebron's mom in bron-bron's coupe With Delonte West taping, we had bon-bons too With Cleveland cheerleaders, they had pom-poms too So I smacked them bitches wearing Bishop Don Juan's suit (Where was Snoop?) I don't know, probably doing what the Crips do But when I'm with my uncle, fuck it! Then I'm a Crip too And I will Crip Weezy, Crip Jones, and Crip you Now I'm the Doggfather, walking with a Shih Tzu Mad that DC comics overlooked me Cause Captain America's straight pussy [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Frank Ocean  Album: Magna Carta... Holy Grail  Song: Oceans  Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "You see this motherfucker!" {*echoes*}  [Frank Ocean]  Blessings, blessings, yeah  I see  [Chorus: Frank Ocean]  Elephant tusks on the boar of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast  Mercedes in a row, winding down the road  I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo, before the Basquiat show  And if so - well fuck it, fuck it  Because this water drowned my family, this water mixed my blood  This water tells my story, this water knows it all  Go ahead and spill some champaaaaagne, in the water  Go ahead and watch the sun blaaaaaze, on the waves, of the ocean  [Jay-Z]  Uh, dope boy still smellin like cocaina  White boat, white robe, can he be more cleaner?  The oil spill that BP ain't clean up  I'm anti, uh, Santa Maria  Only Christopher we acknowledge is Wallace  I don't even like Washingtons in my pocket  Black card go hard when I'm shoppin  Boat docked in front of Hermis pickin cotton  Silk and fleeces, lay on my Jesus  Oh my God, I hope y'all don't get see/sea sick  See me in shit you never saw  If it wasn't for these pictures they wouldn't see me at all  Aww, whole world's in awe  I crash through glass ceilings, I break through closed doors  I'm on the ocean, I'm in heaven  Yachtin, +Ocean 11+  [Chorus] w/ ad libs  [Jay-Z]  Me and Ty Ty is like Pablo and Popeye  Windin dirt roads on mopeds spillin Opus  Welcome to the magnum opus  The "Magna Carta", the best-sellin author Decoded  Yeah, on the +Holiday+ playin "Strange Fruit"  If I'ma make it to a +Billi'+ I can't take the same route/root  Swoosh - that's the sound of the border  Swoosh - no that's the sound of a baller  Muhammed Hovi, my back against the rope  The black Maybach, I'm back inside the boat  Shepard Fairey, they finally gave me some +HOPE+  Can't believe they got a nigga to vote  Democrat, nope, I sold dope  In trouble waters had to learn how to float  On the ocean, I'm in heaven  Yachtin, +Ocean 11+  [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mac Miller f/ Earl Sweatshirt Album: Watching Movies With the Sound Off Song: I'm Not Real Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Mac Miller] Passport, filling it up with stamps Set a camp up on my land, swam the rivers of Japan She keep on asking for a rack so I ran Looking back, like you can't see who I am Think my bitch don't know me no more Cause every time she's sad I can't console her no more If money buy you love, then love's not enough So tell my why you on your knees crying to the floor If you had the chance, would you take the time you need to make it right? The clouds are gray but would you pay the price to paint them white? Might have a baby on the way, cause I been going in raw It feels better, that real pleasure I'm not real, I think I never was I get a rush every time she let me get a touch I need to feel that (love) I need to feel that (pain) My garden hasn't been growing so can you bring that (rain) I keep my head up (high) A little fed up (lies) They always tell me where my mind is on this LP I don't exist Hieroglyphics Pyrotechnics Metaphysics Telekinetics put 50k on my credit card Looking for answers, I'm searching but I ain't getting far Let's get it on, I'm real like Tenenbaums in Lebanon Decepticons, hit it 'til my head is gone [Chorus: Earl Sweatshirt] Point me to the road, and I'ma run it Bloodhound with my nose to the money Ain't fucking with these hoes Getting duckets 'til I die While my foes busy running, fuck it Marijuana smoke in my stomach, toast it in public Head in the clouds, my toes in the struggle Like who didn't test yet? Test this Few new rules in effect, bitch [Verse 2: Mac Miller] See this a rather spooky action movie Roll it up and pass it to me Hashing booty, absolutely, smack a groupie acting bougie See a creature, ass beauty Need a feature, rather shoot me Truly bitches must have them bad jeans in bag of Coogi Had to do these rapper tunes to let 'em know the trap is booming Past the views of Catholic schoolers, fact, but you in fact assuming Back to doing cash pursuing Posted up like Patrick Ewing Rapper fuser, sad if you would battle for a stack or two These eloquent, irrelevant sentences show my penmanship Indefinite boundaries, show you the end of it Don't forget you infested in nasty crevices Allowing birds to fall to their death before they even fly He and I are not the same Doctor, doctor, please prescribe me something for the pain Money in machines, those will make you change If I go tomorrow, I just hope it ain't in vain But I can't complain [Chorus: Earl Sweatshirt] Point me to the road, and I'ma run it Bloodhound with my nose to the money Ain't fucking with these hoes Getting duckets 'til I die While my foes busy running, fuck it Marijuana smoke in my stomach, toast it in public Head in the clouds, my toes in the struggle Like who didn't test yet? Test this Few new rules in effect, bitch Artist: Mac Miller f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Watching Movies Song: O.K. Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator (x2)] Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac, get 'em Girl, shake that body [Verse 1: Mac Miller] Whoa, what do we have here? People wanna know how we could be that weird How many hoes wanna clean Mac's beard? I kill flows, think I need that tear on a tattoo My bitch suck, she a vacuum Fuck her in the ass every time I'm in a bad mood Ain't got a choice, know she do it cause she have to I hit it raw while I'm listening to Papoose No respect cause you wear a V-neck I mean stress, pressure that could even make Keith sweat I wish Narnia was on a GPS I wish Rihanna was DTF I got rich with these rap songs Bought a drug problem, now the cash gone Album filled with all sad songs But this the one that I can laugh on [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator (x2)] Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac, get 'em Girl, shake that body [Verse 2: Tyler, the Creator] Girl, shake that body, them ass and totties I want to see them cankles at my hotel lobby Bitch, why you so damn snobby? Your ass flatter than the back of my head I bought you dinner now it's time to pay me back in some head Or I'ma have my little sister beat the back of your head I'm a grade-A douchebag, I'm a dickhead Asshole area where my gooch sag Little momma got salty at me, she started talking tough So I called the Wolf Gang up, they start to bark it up Popped a hundred mollies, fixed sherm, think I was sparking up A bottle of Zima, the beamer, I started parking up Seen my nigga, Mac, and he hopped in the back And then we jet to Fatburger, ordered some Big Macs And bitch came with a gauge, and she wanted my fade But I'm a bitch-ass nigga so I say [Chorus: Tyler, the Creator (x2)] Get 'em Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac Mac, Mac, Mac, Mac, get 'em Girl, shake that body [Verse 3: Tyler, the Creator] T-Dollaz and Mac Meezy, making sure you niggas don't win like referees Looking for the bitches that love to suck peewee Herman, I'm a vermin And you could tell I golf with my hat, man, fuck Thurnis [Verse 4: Mac Miller] I'm at IHOP's and eating with Tyler Drink cocoa then double-team Mariah But please, don't tell Nick We were all watching movies at a Motel 6 Like ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha I hope Kendrick fuck Gaga If Madonna on the Kabbalah Then me and Snoop could chill and be Rastas I don't need Prada to show you I'm rich Pulling out the llama like "Show me your tits" Keep crying cause I still ain't over my bitch [Outro: Mac Miller] Oh well... It'll be OK... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pusha T f/ Tyler, the Creator Album: Fear of God Part 2: Let Us Pray Song: Trouble On My Mind Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pusha T] It's the blackout, 'rari got the back out Showin my black ass, engine in the glass house Started in the crack house, Obama went the back route Kill Bin Laden, 'nother four up in the black house Still got the Macs out, pull the mask down like a mascot Still trick with bitches, out wit' money or wit' ass shots G.O.O.D. had room for one more, I took the last spot Re-Up Gang, P the nigga, 'Ye done hit the jackpot Whole 'nother level  Then you add fame, that's a whole 'nother devil  Legit drug dealer, that's a whole 'nother bezel  The carbon Audemar, that's a whole 'nother metal, but still keep it ghetto (WOO!) Behind the scenes, pull strings like Gepetto The gun blow steam, whistle like a tea kettle Runnin like the +Rebels+, UNLV Sport shoe on a pedal, I let you niggaz settle, YAH! [Chorus: Pusha T] Trouble on my mind, I got trouble on my mind Trouble on my mind, so much trouble on my mind Trouble on my mind, I got trouble on my mind Trouble on my mind, so much trouble on my mind [Tyler, the Creator] Pharrell said "Get 'em," so I got 'em Tripped on Bristol Palin then I accidentally shot 'em Then it ricocheted and killed the game, I'm a pro'lem 'cause I wanna fuck the world, but not a fan of usin condoms Pardon my French, I'm going hard as my dick when I envision my tip, on the crust of bitch lips Mr. Lipschitz has been trippin, since I mentioned Reptar  Triceratops dinosaur dick I feel it in my gut... to kill these motherfucks is a must like the arm of my pits You niggaz comin shorter than a Bushwick Billy costume on sale during Christmas in Philly I'm well, not really, it's gettin kinda chilly Let's hit a couple bars and give some bitches wet willies Soaked, +Gettin' Jiggy, with It+, in Bel-Air's richest Wit' a bag of pills, couple berries and a biscuit [Tyler, the Creator] I'm a fuckin walking paradox and a really shitty rapper in my favorite pair of socks Ironed pair of Dockers, two Glocks cocked screamin (WESTSIIIIIIDE~!!!) wit' the speakers blastin a pair of Pacs' "Yonkers" ten milli, you're silly Thinkin that this 'preme wasn't free, willy (fuck you) The feeling is neutral, the gang is youthful and fuckin tighter than Chad Hugo's pupils  It's Wolf Gang and the.. [Pusha T] with the Re-Up's a helluva buzz Rick James said, "Cocaine's a helluva drug" Who else could put the hipsters with felons and thugs and paint a perfect picture of what sellin it does? This is for the critics, who doubted the chemistry Two different worlds, same symmetry And this black art, see the wizardry  When you at the top of your game, you make enemies  You'll NEVER finish me Artist: Vince Staples f/ Mike G (Odd Future) Album: Shyne Coldchain Vol. 1 Song: SOB Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Vince Staples] Just riding around in a convertible Corolla Waiting for the light to change, hopefully my luck will change Went to sleep pissed off, woke up broke as fuck again Being mediocre is some shit I'll never understand Never had a 9 to 5, never did an application And rather rob a nigga, when I get the chance, teacher's tell you "Get a plan, go to college, let them empty out your pockets" What the fuck I look like, nigga? For real It's safe to say I put my heart in the trap but How in the hell could you fault me for that when It takes money to be shit and we never seen it So I'm doing dirt, let the police clean it Standing on the edge of a tall cliff Trying not to fall deep into the shark pit I guess I'm God's gift to Hell in a funny way Can't wait to see my life change once the money came [Chorus: Mike G] Niggaz only come around when the moneys 'round Catch you slipping 'round the town just to gun you down Wasn't fucking with me then but I bet by now These mothafuckas know they like my style Tryna figure out, What the hell they want from me Why I love everything that involves money? Hope I get enough just tryna live it up Shit I want yours too, you should give it up [Vince Staples] She said she like money, I like Hummer's, you want to trade? Just another disappointment in my fucking day Slave to my lifestyle, would try and make a change But I heard about the shit they doing to the runaway's Swear that I would change everything if my gun could stay Said she doesn't understand, anything I fucking say Problems with women, she's tripping but get's pissed Cause I tell that she just a bitch, and never really meant much But if I told you that I loved you would you give a fuck? Or even have the decency to listen up? Probably not I swear like every time you come around my fucking heart will stop Can't wait 'til I make way and the talking stops But for now I just stare you down in the parking lot From a far distance, just hoping, just wishing That maybe you might not think I'm crazy I know you probably wish for the same thing but fuck it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Frank Ocean Album: Yeezus Song: New Slaves Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Kanye West] My momma was raised in the era when clean water was only served to the fairer skin Doin clothes, you woulda thought I help  but they wasn't satisfied Unless I picked the cotton myself You see it's broke nigga rac'sm That's that "Don't touch anything in the sto'" And it's rich nigga rac'sm That's that, "Come in, please buy mo'  What you want, a Bentley? Fur coat? A diamond chain?  ALL you blacks want ALL the same thang!" Used to only be "NIGGAS!", now err'body playin Spendin err'thing on Alexander Wang New slaves... You see it's leaders, and it's followers But I rather be a dick than a swallower You see it's leaders, and it's followers But I rather be a dick than a swallower I throw these Maybach keys, I wear my heart on the sleeves I know if we the new slaves, I see the blood on the leaves I see the blood on the leaves, I see the blood on the leaves I know that we the new slaves, I see the blood on the leaves They throwin hate at me, want me to stay at ease Fuck you AND yo' corporation, y'all niggaz cain't control me I know that we the new slaves, I know that we the new slaves I'm 'bout to wild the fuck out, I'm goin Bobby Boucher I know that pussy ain't free, you niggaz pussy ain't me Y'all throwin contracts at me, you know that niggaz cain't read Throw 'em some Maybach keys, fuck your "ces't la vie" I know that we the new slaves, y'all niggaz cain't fuck with me Y'all niggaz cain't fuck with 'YE!! Y'all niggaz cain't fuck with 'YE! I'll move my family out the country so you cain't see where I stay  So go and grab the reporters, so I can smash they recorders See they'll confuse us with some bullshit, like the New World Order Meanwhile the DEA, teamed up with the CCA They try and lock niggaz up, they try and make new state See that's that privately-owned prisons, get yo' piece today They prob'ly all in the Hamptons, braggin 'bout they made Fuck you AND yo' Hampton house, I'll fuck yo' Hampton spouse Came on her Hampton blouse, and in her Hampton mouth Y'all 'bout to turn shit up, I'm 'bout to tear shit down I'm 'bout to air shit out, now what the fuck they gon' say now? {Autotuned} I won't end this time, not this time again, so long  So long, so long, you cannot survive And I'm not dying and, I CAIN'T lose, I CAIN'T lose No I cain't lose you, I cain't leave it to yoooooooooou 'Tll it gets too high, gets too high again [Frank Ocean]  Too high again, too high Oooooh-ooh-hoo-hoo-ooooh WOOOOOOOOOOO-ooh... Oooh-ooh-ahh-ha-ha-haaaaa.. Ah-haaaa-haaaaa-ha-hhaaa Ha-haaaaa-aaaah, ha-haaaaaa Haaaaaaa-AHHH-ahhh... Mmm... AHHHH-ahh... {sample of Omega's "Gyngyhaj lny" plays as song fades} 