The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ahh ahh, I never saw so many people tonight I mean y'all all got it crowded up in here and that's good I'm glad that y'all givin it up for him, y'all givin it up for him that's good -- y'all make me want to cry or somethin Alright ladies and gentleman, tonight is a special night For one thing let me introduce myself my name is Mr. Russell Jones Excuse me for that one I had to let that one low ahh-hahhh And tonight, you're going to see that you never seen before Somethin that, that nobody in the history of rap ever set theyself to do This fuckin guy, that I speak to you about, is somethin crazy He's somethin insane, he's the greatest performer every-since uhh, what's the guys name? [Ol Dirty!!] Ahh, da, ahh, James Brown, he's bad, and he's a cool guy And you'll really need him, I mean need to really get to know him Ladies and gentleman, from all houses, to all towns From the moons of Pluto, back down to earth Ladies and gentleman, one more time, give it up for The Old Dirty Doggy, I mean, the Ol Dirty Bastard I love that guy! (Ol Dirty!!) Yes, how y'all doin out there? I wanted y'all to know that tonight is a special night Cause I'm happy to be living, you know A nigga tried to shoot me down and shit You know and, I don't know man it just feel good to be here man YouknowhatI'msayin? And I wanna let all y'all know I love you man, I love all y'all You know, but *sniff* but I really came here tonight *sniff* For one reason *sniff*, just cause *sniff* I don't need to cry I don't need to cry, dub you can play that shit man, play it man I'm tired of this shit, remember the time I told y'all When I got burnt, gonorrhea Well this bitch, there's a new bitch goddamnit Ohh, bitch burnt me again with gonorrhea So I didn't get burnt one time I got burnt actually two times when you really look at it Yeah, I love the girl but I had to cut the bitch off Yeah the bitch died, I killed the bitch She suffered a long pain bitchy ass go bitch had to go I I knew the bitch for ten minutes of her life But the pussy was good! Yes the pussy was good! I just want you to know girl! That I dedicated, this song, well this song really was written by Blowfly, and I want all y'all to hear this shit It's just a poem that I writ for you girl *paper crinkles* *singing* The first time, ever you sucked my dick  Thank you thank you! I felt, the earth tremble, under my balls Somethin shot out of me real fast First time Nah I'm just kidding witch'all How y'all feelin, listen to the album cuz it's BANGIN  We have only thirty-five chambers, there is no thirty-six  I know that, but, I want to create a new chamber  Oh? And what would that be? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version Song: Shimmy Shimmy Ya Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: [Oh, fuck, you can't even sing.] Hey, baby, I like it rawww... Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!! Ooh, baby, I like it raww... Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!! Sh... Verse: Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay, Gimme the mic so I can take it away. Off on a natural charge, bon voyage Yeah, from the home of the Dodgers, Brooklyn squad Wu-Tang Killerrr Bees on a swarm! Rain on ya dollar's ass, disco dorm! For you to even touch my skill, You gotta have the one Killer Bee and he ain't gonna kill. Now My producer slam, my flow is like bam! Chop that down, pass it all around! Lyrics get hard, quick cement to the ground! For any MC in any 52 states, I gets psycho killerrrr Norman Bates! My producer slam, sharp like bam! Jump on stage, and then I dun-daaaah! [I like the way you come] Hey, baby, I like it rawww... Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!! Ooh, baby, I like it raww... Yeah baby, I like it RAWWW!!! Reverse Verse: First Verse repeats The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version Song: Baby C'mon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo, are you taping baby? Baby are you taping? Ohh yeahhahhahheeyahhhyahhhhohhhyahhhh Baby baby c'mon, baby c'mon, baby c'mon What the fuck anybody wanna do? Right motherfucking now! Ahhahhahhhah Verse One: I'm the dog who's ahead of the Lords Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor Rhymes, hittin on your mind, you could never ignore Hip-hop to me is like a place to be My specialTY from me to you is emCEE Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby sayahh I flip the microphone-ah, any dayahh I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab Niggaz get mad, your ass stink never had this talent that I got will resound the spot MC's, you got paid a lot You ever notice a black man damn mostly slams When it come to the money yo it ain't funny It's what you gotta do what you got to do C'mon, can I get a Wu-Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, it's on your brain I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get on the dancefloor shotgun kill the shit BLAOW, then you won't step to me Thinking is he really raw as he said he'd be If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor You'd be like BOOOOO HE AIN'T NO HARDCORE Niggaz play like they live but won't survive Jumpin up and down ticklin that jive when you ticklin gab I'm an average man, G-O-D fan Let it be known who's the champ, Wu-Tang Clan! It's coming through and WU, boy it's bad too! Throw your hands in the air, if you don't care WHO, the Ol Dirty Bastard be oh me on my, you be hoppin on my shit just like a fly BZZZZZT, all around The dirtiest stinkin sound down to the ground What what, what you wanna do? What you wanna do when I'm coming for you? I'm gonna give it to ya, bayyybah, bayybah, bayybahhhahahahahahahahahahah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version Song: Brooklyn Zoo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Word up, I bust that nigga ass right now! Ain't none of them niggaz can't fuck with me! What? Nigga you could never fuck with me, my nigga! (Ol' Dirty!) I'll fuck you up right now! What? What? What? Bust your motherfuckin ass boy! I ain't no motherfuckin joke You know who you talkin to? (Word up, bust that nigga ass, word up) Ol' Dirty Bastard y'knahmsayin? I'll fuck you up right now! Yeah, what? What? (Get that nigga yo! He ain't sayin nothin, fuck him!) I'm the one-man army, Ason I've never been tooken out, I keep MC's lookin out I drop science like girls be droppin babies Enough to make a nigga go cra-a-azy Energy buildin, takin all types of medicines Your ass thought you were better than Ason, I keep planets in orbit While I be comin with teeth, bitin more shit Enough to make ya break and shake ya ass cause I create, rhymes good as a Tasty Cake, mix This style, I'm mastered in Niggas catchin headaches, what? What? You need aspirin? This type of pain, you couldn't even kill with Midol Fuck around get sprayed with Lysol In your face like a can of mace, baby Is it burnin? Well fuck it, now you're learnin how, I don't even like your motherfuckin profile Give me my fuckin shit, CH-CH-BLAOW! Not seen and heard, no one knows You forget, niggaz be quiet as kept Now you know nothin; before you knew a whole fuckin lot Your ass don't wanna get shot! A lot of MC's came to my showdown To watch me put your fuckin ass lo-o-ow down As you can go, below zero without a doubt I've never been tooken out by a nigga, who couldn't figure Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure Yo by a nigga, who couldn't figure (Brooklyn Zoo) how to pull a fuckin gun trigger I said, "Get the fuck outta here!" Nigga wanna get too close, to the utmost But I got stacks that'll attack any wack host Introducin, yo FUCK that nigga's name! My hip-hop drops on your head like ra-a-ain And when it rains it pours, cause my rhymes hardcore That's why I give you more of the raw Talent that I got will riz-ock the spot MC's I'll be bur-r-rnin, bur-r-rnin hot Whoa-hoa-hoa! Let me like slow up with the flow If I move too quick, oh, you just won't know I'm homicidal when you enter the target Nigga get up, act like a pig tryin to hog shit! So I take yo ass out quick The mics, I've had it my nigga, you can suck my dick If you wanna step to my motherfuckin rep' CH-CH-BLAOW! BLAOW! BLAOW! Blown to death You got shot cause you knock knock knock "Who's there?" Another motherfuckin hardrock Slackin on your mackin 'cause raw's what you lack You wanna react? Bring it on back... [Chorus (5x): Ol' Dirty Bastard] Shame on you, when you step through to the Ol' Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo! [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] What? My nigga... Shame on ya... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Hippa to Da Hoppa Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash My beats are slammin... Verse One: My beats are slammin from the rugged programming My man Bob Marley hey my man I'm Jammin You could never touch the stamina, while I'm rammin the hip-hop crowd makes me rrrah rrrah rrrah Other MC's got flipped with the ease Beggin me for burnt cigar, stop the music please No, cause I'm a PRO, rap to the conVO Make a crowd say HOE, at a strip SHOW Represent, my name is Ason, keep calm Rhyme's too smoky, funky like a stink bomb Boom! Blowin up niggaz better than pullin the trigger So you betta run for covah! Niggaz better loosen they ass, felt the glass A forty ounce bottle, yo yo yo yo money yo pass! Woooh-woooh-woooh! I sweat it live MC gonna live God? No, the nigga die The max-imum of MC's are populating The min-imum of those MC's are dominating Now all and together now, to what what who? Rhymes come stinky like a girl's poo-poo Chorus: Hippa to da hoppa and you just don't stoppa (2x) Verse Two: Ahh shit, here I go once again Rhymes get shitty from the time that I spend I come old like toe fungus mold Ask my grand-pop pop duke gave my soul Then I came with that old Al Green shit Saaa-die, taught me the ballisitc I get you blurry in your eye with a high note down, to the Brownsville, oops you got smoked The shit I'm droppin is stinkin up your area When I shoot it through like a messanger carrier I keep my breath smellin like shit so I can get FUNKY, baby I'm not havin it Chorus 2X Help master! *battle ensues* Dragon-fist! Horse-fist! Bastard, I didn't know who you were The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Method Man, Raekwon Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Raw Hide Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard + (some Jamaican woman) Yeah! I wanna let allllll y'all niggaz know in here tonight that this is that Wu-Tang shit This that shit that's gonna get you high... {*echoes*} See when you stimulate your own mind, for one common cause You see, who's the real motherfuckers See what you see, is you what you see (Can I say it? Wu-Tang a-run tings!) Be the original G Rhymin on timin and in the place to be  (Run blood claat tings!) they love see meeeeeeee! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You're a crossbreed, I'm a knowledge seed I want ACTION, that's what I need I never put doubt in my mind  cause I know when I touch the mic there's the rhyme see murder which is caused  when you fuck with the negative and positive charge Then they came up, out my garage  with the hit that's gonna be LARGE Tired of sittin on my fuckin ass Niggaz I know, be runnin around with mad fuckin cash Who the FUCK wanna be an emcee if you can't get paid, to be a fuckin emcee? I came out my momma pussy -- I'm on welfare Twenty-six years old -- still on welfare! so I gotta get paid fully Whether it's truthfully or untruthfully With my Boston bloodthirsty process P-E-A-C-E Chorus: Method Man Move em in move em in  Move em out move em out Stick it up {*whip sound*} raw hide! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yea, gotta come back to attack  Killin niggaz who said they got stacks, cause I don't give a fuck {*inhales*} I wanna see blood, whether it's period blood or bustin your fuckin face, some blood!! I'm goin out my FUCKIN mind!! Everytime I get around devils {*breathing hard*} Let me calm down, you niggaz better start runnin Cause I'm comin, I'm dope like fuckin heroin Wu-Tang Bloodkin, a goblin, who come tough like lambskin Imagine, gettin shot up with Ol Dirty insulin {*sucks air*} You bound to catch AIDS or somethin Not sayin I got it, but nigga if I got it you got it!! WHAT?!? {*echoes*} [Raekwon the Chef] Yo, check the bulletproof fly shit, strong like thai stick  then I'll remain to tear your frame, while I freaks it like some fly new sneaks and shit Now EAT my shit, bitch tried to creep and got hit Now regulate, and I'll be out to set up a date Wu-Tang, is bangin like a Ron G tape RZA pump the shit just like a shotty Watch me run it John Gotti Collidin on the track, like gin and watty Check the calender, I warn any challenger to step up {*whoosh*} feel the blast from the silencer Chorus [Method Man] Comin soon to a theatre near you it be the Wu Yeah find yourself in the square and see it's true Actual facts to snack on and chew My positive energy sounds peace to you A wise man killed one horse and made glue Wicked women puttin period blood in stew Don't that make the stew witches brew? I fear for the eighty-five that don't got a clue How could he know what the fuck he never knew? God-Cypher-Divine come to show and come to prove A mystery god that's the work of Yacub The Holy Ghost got you scared to death kid boo!! Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard Yeah, we always gotta keep it fly Fly for you to feel, what you wants to feel See Wu-Tang like to thank, all the people across the country All the people in America, all the people outside of America for listenin to our music We gotta keep it fly for ya See this ain't somethin new  that's just gonna come out of nowhere, no!!! This is somethin OLD, and DIRTY!! and DIRTY!! Yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard f/ The Genius Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Damage Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Peace [peace!] [Dirty, Ol Dirty Bastard] [The Genius! Genius] The Genius [The Genius, the Genius] Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard [GZA in brackets] I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamina Here comes the medical examiner One verse then you're out for the count [Bring the ammonia] make sure he sniffs the right amount Wake him up and then I ask him Why did he intend this -- competition to get an ass kickin so tremendous Boy you shouldn't bother this Leave me alone like the [son said G or he'll be fatherless!] I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco and MC's start to vanish [I stepped up to a jet black kid, started speakin spanish!  Yo he wasn't from Panama  I asked him how he get so dark, the nigga said suntama!  He responded so fast, you made me laugh] Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH [then I scared-his ass!] [Kick the hundred strongest rhymes   I brought out the punk in him  Caught him with a strong five deadly venom  Told him enter the Wu-Tang  Witness the Shaolin slang, that'll crush the shit you bring] I watch your ass take a big fall, why?! My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball And as you step up to bat man [I play the riddler] You try to do me for a rhyme [then I'll change to Hitler] Go out like Nazi; you'll be wishin your fuckin ass stayed home and played [Yahtzee!] Or watchin Happy Days sweatin [Poxie] with Ralphie and Richie Cunningham, Joni and [Chachi] Wu, who? Me gettin wreck so I'm through Like a ten and a half foot, gettin in a seven [shoe] [Now picture THAT with a Minolta] Have your ass doin some Night Fever shit like John Travolta I come strong I make knowledge born, I flip the script and rock on from P.M. [past the fucking Dawn] Pass the Hammer you're broke down, niggaz grab my what what Can't understand it here's the panaroma [A complete view of how I defeat you] Should of stepped to those fuckin kids who tried to [beat you] Yeah I bust that ass before [You ran to Texas and came back but forgot the chainsaw!] And want to perform a massacre Better be coming with some motherfucking shit that's spectacular Crush the person who did em, well you just better So I'm stepping to your [raggedy ass jetta] Put the pedal to the metal You and your DJ change your name to Ma and Pa Kettle as I [pass the bone, kicks your every measure] It's not a Newport but it's still live with pleasure [C'mon don't be silly, just a bag of sensimilli  Rolled up in a] Motown Philly [I used to write all the time when I smoked  Grab the mic, then I kinda like went for broke  With visually concepts strongest rhymes and biceps  Lyrically speakin, three to four rhymes then choke  Some think they be harmin this, claimin they be bombin this] But they still remains a-nom-ynous I pull strings like Jimi Hendrix Ride more beats that go backs to the days of Eddie Kendricks I teach the truth to the youth, I say [hey youth] Here's the truth, better start wearing [bullet proof] Arm yourself with a shield [Before you get trapped up] just like the Children in the Cornfield The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard w/ Killah Priest Album: Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version Song: Don't U Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Girl 1: Oh cutie got it goin' ON! Girl 2: Cute? What? That dirty motherfucker? Girl 1: You buggin'! Girl 2: Ain't no buggin', he's some ugly motherfucker. Girl 1: You buggin', no -- look at his disposition, shorty gotta stride! Girl 2: What stride? Ugly motherfucker, he ain't shit. Girl 1: See, that's my plate, brother may kill me like that. Girl 2: You got mad sour flavor on shorty, cuz that ain't shit at all... Girl 1: I'm -- yo G, I don't think he realizes it. Look at him! Girl 2: Look at what? Dirty motherfucker, he ain't shit. Girl 1: Hahaha, you don't see what I see, B. Girl 2: I don't see nothing, you ain't blind, sisso. Girl 1: True, true. Just look at him, just look at his disposition! Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard Approach the school nine thirty, you're late This time happy the solution was my date. Get in your class, walk to your chair pop is all you see and then occasionally stare At the teacher, more, tune in to we're clocking ya. Lean back at this girl kept clockin' ya hood Simulated from a [sensimilia] blonde, tell the young girl "Baby, you're the one I want." She doesn't respond, pretends to ignore so you say to yourself, it be her old and sore mentally pitchin' lies, the aim on the board as hot and wild pussy you cannot afford this Oooh, what slim and trim was my inner friend Dear, quietly I want him to know my boots, to rap out loose in my class, but I kept sayin' the size of my dick and that ass. So I turned around to arrange a date. Swinging episode, baby number one's gotta say it She popped a gum, cold twist to come I said "Baby, how you feel?" She said "Sure" Then I said "sure", I just found my thrill wear it in the classroom, know I'm Blueberry Hill Cause what I said just bottled her hate. She put her face on the chest, this is what the bitch said: "Because of you I aint hurting, but then my within my heart  Cause no, I'm not right to be flirtin, but our relationship has to start.  You're the one that I'm clocking, stop or you could stop mockin'  Don't want you to see me cry, this is why, this is why, this is why!" Verse Two: Killah Priest I met a girl named Chandra, from way down yonder The apple of my eye had a Snapple and some fries Forgot the catsup, thats when I pressed up "I've been watching you mowing your lawn" The thoughts were flowin, while I'm holding the palm "Hey whats that on your menu?", from there we continued And talk about this and that we chit and chat Sipped on the Coke then I stroked the back As she giggled and I wiggled to the bra She said "nah!", that's when I noticed her pah Big Tank, who did nothing but the spank at parties, drink Bacardi and didn't think Just act silly, with his brother Willy another hillbilly gettin ill with the Philly and moonshine, but it's a new time of day on the stoop doing the Patty Duke OK, it's like that old flip flaps through the shower caps The platform shoes to Apple Jacks Chub chub!! Interlude: Ol Dirty Bastard Yo, you niggaz, niggaz be actin like they be lovin them, them them fancy bitches I, I likes me a nasty bitch Bitch that's willing to do anything at any given time Bitch gotta be nasty cuz I'm a nasty nigga I do anything baby, I wouldn't give a fuck what it was I'll, ah, anything - I'm a nasty motherfucker girl Verse Three: Ol Dirty Bastard I'm just sittin' right, in my class at a quarter to ten right? Waiting patiently for the class to begin right? Teacher says "open up your texts, you! read the first paragraph on oral sex!" I said "Oral sex!, what kind of class is this?!" Yo, next to me said "whats wrong with you man?, this is a lesson that makes you feel fine, kinda ease your nerves and relax your mind!" I said "Don't try to use no hypnotic spell!" She said "Be my assistant, I'd show rather tell!" My knees buckled heart started to drop my dick grew to a size that my nerve couldnt stop I tried to run! She yelled out "freeze!" Pulled down my draws, dropped to her knees Ripped of my draws as if she had claws broke the rules that defined sex laws She responded quick, with a slick, welcoming kiss and a ice cream lick Oooh I begged, I begged, "Easy on my balls, they're fragile as eggs." Part 2 coming up... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - the Dirty Version Song: The Stomp Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro Sing the song, sing along with me Sing the song, sing the song with me Verse 1 When I'm with you baby, tell me why, tell me so I ask you to go high, you tell me to go low So I go low, [slurp], taste the shit [Slurp], taste it again, I like it [Rrr] I'm the original G-O-D Making young ladies scream's my specialty when I go DUN DUN DUN DUH, girls get hype From the funky fresh music that was stereotyped When I kill, that ol' mad funky flow Not sayin Ason, duck duck disco Or disco duck, strictly hip hop baby baby, I can't stop Wu, gots ta like come on through Soo, that's the call for the Wu I came here to rectify BROOKLYN ZOO, terrify Why, niggas wanna get up and rap and rap and rap Man, fuck that Shit, that I make it's the skit I wanna see ya hands in the air, can ya dig it Let's sing the song Come on party people, all in together now, sing along Have you ever ever ever In your long legged life Had a bald headed bitch For your bald headed wife [laughter] Gimme dat Verse 2 Who's the baddest motherfucka in the Brooklyn town And also representer of the Wu-Tang sound If you wanna get up and get fucked up Last nigga got up and got shot up But you's a gangsta, on the boards I'll bang ya Mess with the Wu-Tanger, I'll hang ya You'll get shanked and spanked and alley-ooped I admire true niggas like Dre and Snoop Chamber number 9, verse 32  Only speaks about BROOKLYN ZOO That a true nigga shall come through No-one is available to be compatible This is chamber number 9, verse 32  is what we call The Stomp 					[Stomp] The stomp is down			[Stomp] Get down for your crown			[Stomp] Stomp					[Stomp] [ODB] Verse 3 Brothas always playin with the microphone When it blows up in your face, [BOOM] you leave it alone You couldn't touch, this style is too much It's the rhymer, I don't give a crippled crab crutch [Grruh] Any nigga or niggerette Get burned to the brimecell like a cigarette Straight up and down, I don't play around Rhymin gets me paid madd bread by the pound Shout out to my crew, tight as a belt y'all Go by the name Big A, from the shelter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version Song: Goin' Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I am the U-N-I, The Q-U-E, the G to the O-D I said I go by the unforgettable name of the man called Unique G Well, my name is known all over the world To the foxy ladies and the pretty girls I go down in history As the baddest brother that ever could be You couldn't show me Didn't know me How to be a true MC My advantage on the M-I-C is the slang That I manifest so you could never hang Obviously you know my name by now I done thrown stupid parties all through your town Dirt Megirt...that's my motherfucking name Love to flirt...that's my motherfucking name They said "Who wanna be an MC?" I am the original G-O-D Making young ladies scream (is) my speciality See my style, different from yours Make young bitch want to drop their drawers I gotta song for you all: SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW WHERE BLUEBIRDS FLY SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW WHY OH WHY HEAR ME NOW! Style funky, you know dat's me KILLER BEE whohoho ONE MAN ARMY Down for mine when I go on tour Throw your hands in the air if you want more Style is evil is like an wicked witch With the mi-ca-phone spliggh! Funky as a bitch Which is which, makes me nasty nasty Next on the mic is the rappin NUH You want some of the Ason's gun Shoot the nigga, BLAAOW, reaches no one Then you KNOW not to touch my HOE I like livin my own fuckin show The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers: The Dirty Version Song: Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yo imagine, imagine the shit Drunk as hell and shit And you going into a fuckin bar and shit You stumbling over bitches and everything Falling over everywhere, throwing up and shit Yeahhayyyeahhahhh C'mon c'mon Ahhahahiahhhhhhh I want ALL y'all people to feel what I feel See my momma taught me this SHEEEIIIT And my daddy learned from my momma Which is good! Which is goodahhhhhhhhh Sweet sugar pie, oh I wish you were mine Lookin so good, like you know you should, yeah And I-ayyeah, love you down, down baby Oh my girlie, sweet my honey You look so good to me Love you down, all night long Yeahhheahhhahhhh Yeah, all night long Yeahhahhhhhh, all night long girl Sugar pie Sweet oh-my-oh-my there's no lie I love you girl, love you girl Love you sweet pie Yeaheahhhahhhhh Do you love me? Do you love me like this? (Do you love this girl) I know you love me. I love you TOO!! Ahhahhahhhah (I'll let you know) I'm serious I need to know that I needs you to let me really know that I said I'm serious, very, very serious Aight, let's go *sounds like Ol Dirty having the orgasm from hell on the microphone* Yeahhhh, all night long Yeahhaeahhahhhh Ahhhhhhhahahyeahh It's other groups that's better than me like the Temptations And you other, groups From the Motown, Philadelphia, Atlanta (this is dedicated to you) And you others, better than me Mrs. Jones, don't feel disgraced baby Because I love your soul your got it together type thing Diana Ross (see I don't say these things for myself) Michael JAZZY-Jackson (please understand or something) NO! I'm the baddest, hip-hop man, across the world! I don't care, what you care, I just give, what you receive! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard w/ Killah Priest, RZA, Masta Killa, Buddah Monk Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Snakes Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	Now number two, practiced the snake style 	He was known as the snake spirit 	He had the speed of a snake Intro/Verse One: Killah Priest Niggaz is like serpents out there [snake style, no one could compete] Serpents will bite Lay outside, and then they roll back into they holes They slither, in the streets of Brooklyn, New York Slither in the streets, of Manhattan In the streets of Queens, streets of the Bronx Streets of Staten Island Wherever you see em they slither Whoever... yo Fearsome shit... check it out Yo, yo It broke me up when they pat me on my shoulder Said stay strong cuz his life is now over I flash back to the heathens that he roll with They shot him up and down nobody knows shit My peers, little ears Came up to me with a eye full of tears Last night we was shootin dice and gettin nice Kid rolled us, played us for our merchandise We were in the hallway all day Me, Steve, and Little Ray Probably at first they tried to rob me Back me in the lobby, pull out the shotty Then came Scotty, fragile body My first impression, he returned from a party He was just stagger, smellin like Bacardi The Dragon, braggin, how he was fuckin mad hotties Pressed on the elevator button, then all of a sudden He licked off, about a dozen Slugs from the cannon, that ripped through my cousin Nobody was standin when the nigga started bustin Blood started to flood the floors, by the elevator doors That's the last thing that I saw Damn, we plan to make grands of our home [Number two] Verse Two: The RZA Jagged edge, rockin God, hard as Stonehenge Pledged whoever crossed his path get scrapped with a sledge.. ..hammer, he didn't give a damn about the manor And on the block he was called by the momma's and the grandma's Indecent, heathen, juvenile delinquent His weekends was frequently, locked inside the precinct His most recent cape for catchin papes Was snatchin up snakes on a roof butt-naked hang em off like drapes Then ask what's the combination to the safe, with the brace And those who didn't reply they fell straight to their face Razor blade sharp who invades the dark And raid more spots than Spays and NARCS iron heart like Tony Starks A fierce lion, who never leave the crib without the iron And on the block he be slingin rocks and duckin from the sirens Greetin niggaz he loved with a pound, and a bear hug Those who wanted life, they catch a slug from the snub A Five Percent, who all knew was one to ten He loved the Gods with his heart but his brain was filled with sin And when he came through niggaz be lookin out Hopin he gets shot or tooken out, or locked the fuck up in Brooklyn House In PC, on a liquid diet, but he was louder than a riot [Number two, the snake] Verse Three: Masta Killa Do the knowledge to a nigga named Trigga Bad rude boy from the land of Jamaica With visions to venture, to the U.S. To receive the gold that he couldn't acheive in his country, even though he sold mad weed for the next man, who was the Don of the clan Niggaz actin like they got the block locked Like I can't sling drug raps and eat food But I be the rudest, bad boy steppin gun totin Shots lash out like a violent explosion at the nigga, who tries to stop my production Intervene the scene and slow up the CREAM None of that black, East New York, gun talk Niggaz I extort from Baltic to Boardwalk Memories of injuries wounds and burns Walkin through the streets of Medina I stand firm Cause I know this, which means I can hold mine down without a doubt, niggaz who front, get snuffed out Justice must be born there's no escape cause a snake can't be reformed so I wait Comin in the name to proclaim your fame for protection and you don't know no fuckin lessons? [Number two, the snake] Verse Four: Ol Dirty Bastard Bad, bad, Leroy Brown Baddest man in the whole damn town Badder than the deep blue seaaaaa Badder than you and meeeeee Niggaz comin thru the trees, like a salamander, bitin Like a piranha, but I'm bitin you back, like a black pantha The style I'm ampin the... fuck my name, who I be? Fuck the game, it's all about the moneyyyy! Owahhaerahh, sometimes I get high with the Meth Then I turn to the Killah Priest When it comes TWELVE O'CLOCK!! I turn into the demon beast, yo Yo fuck that shit! [number two, the snake] YO! SHOW THESE MOTHERFUCKERS WHAT TIME IT IS [number two, the snake] Rawwrarrrah Rahhwarwaahauh, rawwaroar!! WHOSE THE BAD-ASS? *rawharrah* WHOSE THE BAD-ASS? [now number two] Rawwwaahrah [he practiced the snake style  he was known as the snake spirit] YEAHhhhhh Verse Five: Buddah Monk Lyrics, never waitin, twelve days, penetrated When I come with the ruffness, mad niggaz try to rush this Slip into my killings, then I slays and you're helpless When I try to stay sick, it's yacub grafted six Calm for the kill, knowing the style that's ill When I drop, lyric skills, brothers say, Buddah chill!! Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard I don't need to rhyme no more, niggaz know, yo! To all the Wu-Tang Clan members The Ghostface Killer, the GZA, the RZA, the Ol Dirty Bastard The Method Man, the Chef - Raekwon, Inspector Deck, U-God Yo!!! Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard f/ Ghostface Killer Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Brooklyn Zoo II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: One two, one two -- you taping this? All types of shit yo let that shit ride Word to mother, turn up the microphone! Get all that good shit, get all that good shit [one two, one two] One two, one two, one two... one two Now niggaz know Ssssshhhit, yo yo check this out, check this joint This is strictly for the radio, yo I just want all y'all to know The reason why I curse is because my momma and my daddy They grew up cursin So please respect my style, please! Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard I'll grab the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamin-u Ohh, sssshit, nahh I'll grab the mic and now I damage ya, cut your whole staminuh Here comes the medical examinuh One verse then you out for the count Bring the ammonia make sure he sniffs... the right amount Ya yo, I'm sorry, un-gah-e-gas-e-ya I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamiNUH Here comes the medical examiNUH One verse then you're out for the count Bring the ammonia, make sure he sniffs the right amount Wake you up and then I ask you How do you intend this -- competition to get an asssss kickin sooooo tremendous, RARRH! You shouldn't bother this Leave me alone like a son he'll be fatherless! I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco and MC's start to vanish I rolled up on a jet black kid the nigga started speakin spanish Yo! You wasn't from Panana!! I asked you how you get so fuckin dark, you said suntama He responded so fast, you made me laugh Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH scared-his ass! Kick the hundred strongest rhymes  then I brought out the punk in him Roll up with the strong five deadly venoms Told HIM! Enter the Wu-Tang! Witness the Shaolin slang, that crush any shit you bring I watch your ass take a big fall, why?! My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball And as you step up to bat man, I play the riddler You try to do me for my nigga I'll change to Hitler I'll go out like Nazi, wish your fuckin ass stayed home and play Yahtzee! Or watchin Happy Days sweatin Poxie with Ralphie and Cunningham, Joni and Chachi [Yo Unique, yo kid  Check this shit out! Yo, yo] Verse Two: Ghostface Killer Ninety-five niggaz is wasted Keystone capered, and Wu kept the rap fiends basted Foamin out the mouthpiece, heads blown like geese Murderous police, I do shows and perform in Grease It's not magic, gaming is the gadget World classic big national high attracts dear graphics Lampin in my own zone, my physical show Inhale bones Tony stuck, for the diamond in Rome He's convincin, labelled one man rap convention The nigga that'll gun down, eighty frenchmen Lead vocalist, music specialist, rap arsonist I deal with sharpness plus spark the hardest individual I plant crimes inside vocals My rap's like my passport, my life's my proof Hit the sun roof, be out like a wanderin dream Shuttle, and get startled off the verbal hygiene, my nigga [sample of Stamina] [sample of Baby C'mon] [sample of Brooklyn Zoo] [sample of Drunk Game (Sweet Sugar Pie] [sample of The Stomp] Shame on you when you step through to Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo! Shame on you when you step through to Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo! What?!! My nuh Shame on you when you step through to The Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo Shame on you when you step through to THe Ol Dirty Bastard, Brooklyn Zoo To the West coast! To the East coast To the North coast To the South When you take North, East, West, South Put it all together and it spell NEWS! Then you got the ol rhythm, bastard blues and ya don't stop So keep your shit, motherfucker, fucker, fucker! [live concert] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard f/ Brooklyn Zu, Sunz of Man Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Protect Ya Neck II the Zoo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ol Dirty Bastard]  See let a nigga come through with that bullshit  Anytime you pop that shit nigga  I'ma tell you you can suck a dick, you can suck a pussy  I know, it'll come to what? Say what? Now I'ma let all you motherfuckers know  See them knows that this is something you can't fuck Whether you from Brooklyn, whether you from Manhattan  Always You from Queens nigga, I don't give a fuck, where you be motherfucker! Where you reside... motherfucker! How you live? How you seeeeeeee... Sort the stack outs, this one's the blackout Three-fifty-seven to your mouth, blaaow!! [Buddah Monk - Brooklyn Zu] Dunn can you hear me? Raw is how I'm inflicting this It's that G type slang that makes this real sickening Ignite my styles I got my hand pon the trigger Starts from the smallest and hits the bigger nigga [Prodigal Sunn - Sunz of Man] Yo, straight actin live about them hellfires a known mental killer, or thriller, assassin of terror The hot bloody fatal mixture of carbonate water Homicidal manslaughter, death is the order start the mission Travel like the speed of wind Through the valley of sin, I step to ville and murdered many man Serving justice in my vicinity [Zu Keeper - Brooklyn Zu] (This is, Brooklyn, Zu!!) Za-za-za, za-za-za Zuh-za-zah, z-zz-zz-z-z-zz-zz-z-dah-duh-dnn-duh [Murdoc - Brooklyn Zu] I get down I get down I crack your fuckin crown Lay around and watch some real niggaz break ground I can't shop cuz every bro blowin up the spot Hit rocks and niggaz know [Killah Priest - Sunz of Man] Yo! Niggaz grab the mic like the bites of a scorpion Nervous, that's why the Zoo brought me in Now bring em forth, like the tortures at the courts Before the case begin, first break me in his brain! And make sure he can't maintain the calmness Ya harmless, watch how I bomb this stage like, mail, pre hands that be the move Now your Posse is your fuckin Platoon Stale cells, just flows through the air I'm like a ninja, once I send ya down stairs Then I get furious, imperious, the lyricist with the cleverest rhyme Erupt to deduct your fuckin mind [12 O'Clock - Brooklyn Zu] Fuck shit up on the hurry-up Known for burying ducks through more styles than a muck Warning you chump, brain is out for lunch given the power punch, soon to be paid like Donald Trump Never fall victim to no bitch Jerked my dick, but still got more hoes than a pimp And score more points than Shawn Kemp Keepin powerfully strong like the center on the Knicks Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!! Ol Dirty Bastard live and uncut (Shame on a nigga who tried to run game on a...) [Shorty Shit Stain - Brooklyn Zu] Got more props than the President My hardcore represent, blowin niggaz back who never had this Cause I'm gifted, so you can get wrapped The shit I'm kickin, send it to your MOMS for Christmas And tell her Shorty Shit Stain sent it Soon to have more green than the Jolly Green Giant Cuz niggaz rap styles just down is aspired You shoulda stayed HOME instead of picking up a microphone But if you wanna run on up, like you TOUGH I call your bluff, and blow you down with my hardcore stuff, I shine like twenty-four carat [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Roll and stroll with the party scene Nigga wanna know me as Mr. Clean Wza-wza-wza-wza-Wu-Tang, flip the script and Test my skill niggaz, you're trippin Drugged up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith Start to flip, slip, cuz you're slippin While you sleep I be the God on point, with Scottie Pippen as I, jump on stage, flip rip a show Strip and rip a hoe, wayyy like Bo Jackson while I'm still taxin maxin Relaxin sittin back sellin good tracks and Again and again when I rock the jam WANNA SEE EM UP IN THE AIR! Throw up your hand Introducin, one-man band in town It's wild, with the style couldn't stand nigga When the jump, stepped, to the center of the rhyme inventor, MC's come at the You get dap slapped, across the MC map Your ass that's your ass, on a whore shot Come on through I black and blue your whole crew Then I get Rudy with the Hong Kong Foo Ol Dirty Bastard, MC killer Money maker, Brooklyn, challenger That I lay down like towel Then I get higher!! [60 Second Assassin - Sunz of Man] Here comes the illlll, type ruffer Style be untouched I'm leavin broken down grammars on the pen Who who what? What brings it? Tighter than your anus Chambers this name is for the deepest trainers Keep it stainless, steel, on time it is the windmill Deadly venom kills, at the last of the Sam's Mill 60 Second, nucleus, attack on your set Hit you with the blast (yo close the door) Shabazz!!  *gun blast* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard (featuring the Rza) Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Cuttin' Headz Typed by: OHHLA.com Here it is Where's it at? In the back Got a stack The Dirty Bastard Yo you Bastard flip the phat track Here I go, here I go, whether friend whether foe Let them know that I flow over the rainbow Hit the deck Aw, yep, (ch-ch plow) from the Tek, takin heads, takin necks What the fuck they expect? I don't know I don't care I won't fall I won't stare at a ho, less I know that I'm going to the mo- T-t-tel, cause I'm lousy, technique is drowsy Stop tryin to foul me Sayin that we're lousy But I'm a tyrant, defiant, walkin New York Giant President of the Wu But I'm also a client It's the Wu, what, you knew what, you do what, what, who, what, what I don't give a flying fuck About a chump, cause this heart only pumps Kool-Aid Snatch a kid by the braids, and cut his head off Rhymes is rugged like burnt buildings in Harlem The Ol Dirty Bastard from the Temple of Shaolin Dirty to the brain like drops of acid rain Clang, clang, clang, rhymes pluckin at your brain So take a sip from the cup of death And when you're shaking my right hand, I'll stab you with the left (Whirr whirr whirrr!) Red alert! Red alert! Ason comin straight from the dirt Once I go berzerk, mad brothers got hurt Nuthin new in ninety-two It's time to do the work Trails of vatos scream once I hop on the scene And fear the return of the fatal flying guillotine Mr. Milli, that means I'm also militant Don't wear no suit and tie, I'm no gentleman Gettin laid, takin heads, that's my hobby Punch a brother in the face who call me Robbie I be the RZA, call me that cuz-I Never liked the name I recieved from my poppa Dirty deluxe, yo, I'm huntin for ducks Snatchin devils up by the hair, then cut his head off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard w/ Method Man Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - the Dirty Version Song: Dirty Dancin * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * - originally appeared on the Jerky Boys soundtrack, bonus cut on CD * - was originally listed as a Wu-Tang Clan song (Ol Dirty Bastard is doing a Martin Lawrence comedy skit from Raw) (this is going on in the background during the Intro and part  of the first verse) You know God damn well I don't smoke this shit Meth *coughing* Know damn well I don't smoke this sheyit Know damn well! I remember when we used to go down to the creek Member when we used to go down to the creek? And used to dip your head in the water? Everybody thought you had it in you, you know You used to jump out the water the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy What? I said the water used to glisten alllllll over your bohhhhhhdy Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard Clean out my vocals Yeah, I said YEAH I said zuckazuhzuhzuh, zuckazuhzuh *more nonsense noises* chkccha ckchcka Brooklyn, zucka Zoo C'mon baby baby, baby, baby Baby, baby, baby, c'mon! Verse One: Superlogical this, superlogical that I detect a nigga dialect by the way he rap I elect myself President MC My career so intelligent, unique physique Then with mathematics, not democratic static, topic, Asiatic Zssshuh, them unique, never leak, brlaharl... Bring it on back Superlogical this, superlogical that I detect your dialect by the way you rappp! I elect myself President MC My career so intelligent, unique physique Doin mathematics and I'm not democratci No static, topic, I'm Asiatic See, I'm Unique, never... blarhalal... Verse Two: Method Man, Ol Dirty Bastard Crazy, lurkin in the shadows, I'm shady, sheisty Get your weight up, don't take me lightly Blasted, dirty to the grain I be stained with the madness It's the Meth-Tical with the Bastard MZA MZA my name is the Ol Dirty Bas My gammmmme, to kick your ass Dnnah duh dnnh dnnh duh duh! Dnnah dnh duh duh duh dahhhhhh! Flip and relax, take an Ex-Lax, I'm shittin on the industry that was frontin now they missin What everybody else is gettin Cuz they wasn't representin the real... ...appeal, like me and, old time When it comes to the microphone who killed the swine? Be the original G Do the rhymin on time and in the place to be Interlude: Old Dirty Bastard, Method Man You are now in my trance  You are getting sleeeeeepyyyyyy You are now getting sleeeepyyyyy  and sleeeeppieeerrrrr And sleepy, and sleepy Verse Three: Method Man This one here's for my people, my people Enter the 36 chambers, the sequel Part two, for me and the cipher troop With the Teflon lyrics that you can't get through With the twenty-two automatic rap you pack, what? You ain't hittin with that wack shit you kickin Straight from the beginning, of the game All the way to the ninth inning, I bring the pain Dark like the midnight train on the track by the RZA Diesel like Arnold Schwarzanegger Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard The hardware, choose the hardware Ask you a question, test the Ason Extra extra, read the drama and thennn another one which you intrigue, do your rap fatigue in the... ohhhh.... Here I go, aauhhh Yeahhh...  (shit that makes me high) *2 *2 - leads into Harlem World on the album version The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Return to the 36 Chambers - The Dirty Version Song: Harlem World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard, Shorty Shit Stain, and others (the first line originally ended "Dirty Dancin" on Jerky Boys sountrack) Shit that makes me high [one two, one two]  Yo, we gonna bring it down, to Harlem World  Bust your fuckin chops  Yo I remember when niggaz was lookin at themselves  on Farmers, motherfuckers was wearin double goose  Motherfuckers actin all rowdy I'm sayin though [one two, one two]  The whole trip that was never shown I'm sayin though See cause the knife, is the knife, of all knives Most people gather around To hear the show, that is comin through your town (I was playin) See my name [what what?] Is somethin, that you won't know Unless you're dowwwwwwwwn, with the Brooklyn Zoo Other brothers come But never... come back (Introducing) So basically, what the Ol motherfuckin Dirty Bastard is sayin is that if you fuck around [one two, one two] You're gonna get yo' ass fucked up So don't fuck around just lay down Verse One: Ol Dirty Bastard I remember 		(dnnah-dah)(dnh, duh, dnh, dnnah-dah) Not too long ago		"		" I went to a city		"		" And I saw a Wu-Tang show	"		" Now I always wanted		"		" To get, with, the band		"		" But niggaz was singin they own songs bein in they own worlds So I guess I, I guess I, RARAARRRRAAHHH!!! The terminology, the psychology you still expect me to accept Do what I say off of TV, kay with the button on record and the other on thus I press pause for a serious cause to respect an intellect with this gratifying now that I'm ready let the music begin  as I detect what I wrote with my through the time that I spent, money that I lent rap records went up just to bounce then became a new way to get paid they said "Rhymin on the mic is the number one" Then a brother get the feeling that he want to play cool you discombumberated diabolical fool Hog-flesh MC, go play in the mud Another 20th century, modern day Cannibal, humanoid, underground chud broke loose from the god damn dope-fiend addict why you walk with Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome when the MC's came, to live out their name roast rockin rhymes that was always when I elevated, and mastered the time You was stimulated from the high post You got shot cause you knew you were rot Verse Two: You're not the king of the diss youse a queen of a bitch And like a homosexual your ass always switch Niggaz wake up in the morning you're ugly-ass Gods Got slob around your mouth blue code in your eye You can't smile your teeth too gritty Can't even move, drawers too shitty (you know what else) You're shaped like a thistle The holes in your drawers when you fuck been there since YOU DUCKIN SUCKIN MOTHERFUCKIN COLD-HEARTED FAGGOT Sperm germs on your worm DISINTEGRATED MAGGOTS Repeat your rhymes all the time like a FUCKIN parrot Phony gold chains only rated two carats You tell your friends that your home is like heaven Livin in the gutter sewer seven pipe eleven You wear your socks twelve days in a row Turn them on the other side so the dirt won't show Go to school, take a shit, don't wipe your ass Claimin on another sucka nigga in your class YOU WANNA BATTLE? Is it the pork on your fork, or the swine on your mind Make you rap against a brother with a weak-ass rhyme Swine on your mind, pork on your fork Make you imitate the brother in the state of New York Chain on your BRAIN, that drove you inSANE When you tried to CLAIM, for the talent and the FAME Not in the GAME, yet and still you CAME Suffer the PAIN, as I demolish your NAME Not like Betty Crocker, baking cake in the OV Sayin this is dedicated to the one I love Not a swine or dove, from the heaven's up above When I rap, people CLAP, so the pushers they shove When I rhyme I get LOOSE, better than Mother Goose Rock the mic day and NIGHT, so you see I'm the JUICE Like the two-six-EIGHT, politicians demonstrate Outro: Now hold up hold up hold up hold up What y'all niggaz don't seem to hear Is y'all can not FUCK with me I saiiiiiiiiiid ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL can't FUCK with me I wanna give a shout out to my nigga Door, Door, Door Buddah Monk, Buddah Monk, Buddah Monk Yo, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack, Jack For the niggaz who's here And the girls who's out there Throw your hands in the air Cause this one is more fly Fly, fly Flyyyyy, flyyyy Flyyyyyyyyahhahayhahhhha BZZZZT Wooo! Get your ass in the house boy, I told you Get your ass in the house! Get, get, in the god damn house boy! Last fuckin time I'm gonna talk to you you hard-headed motherfucker C'mon daddy? I didn't mean nothin by it but when it come to... FUCKIN with you MC's The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Chris Rock, The Neptunes, Zu Keeper Album: Nigga Please Song: Recognize Typed by: Masta10304@hotmail.com [Chris Rock] Yo, yo, this is Chris Rock You heard my man He ain't on no commercial shit The O.D.B. It ain't the Young D.B. It's the Ol' D.B. That old shit This ain't the Embry-O D.B. This is the Ol' mothafuckin D.B. I'm Chris Rock, I'm chillin with the O.D.B. So I'm the wrong place, at the wrong mothafuckin time with the wrong mothafuckin man The O.D.B., baby [Ol' Dirty Bastard] All y'all niggas talkin bout commercial song This ain't no commercial song Straight up, nigga, what? Y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Neptunes)] Yo, what's my name? (You need to recognize) Shut the fuck up! (You need to recognize) I bring the mothafuckin ruckus (You need to recognize) C'mon punk ass niggas Uh, nah, nah, I'm just fuckin wit'chall (Uh-huh) [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Zu Keeper)] Who get drunk at night till the early morn'? Tap dances at the party like it's goin on Bitches and niggas all around scopin eachother down I'm takin pictures at y'all at the fuckin lounge Mad niggas was, gettin drunk at the bar I'm throwin Moet bottles, HA HA HA HA HA HA It's rowdy outside, I ain't signin shit Don't flow bitch, I take your microphone You party bitches fallin in line with your fat ass stinkin behind You don't know who the fuck is here I back smack your ass, make pressure appear Cuz cold Lucky knockin at your door I dedicate that to your source Cuz this (Nigga please) is dirty and it's stinkin Funkier than (Peppi Le Pew, so I was thinkin) I drop you mothafuckin niggas on the (weekend) (Lettin you know that) bitch nigga don't start You thought that I was weak? Huh, let me speak My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's feet So listen mister, don't you ever forget Rhyme dirty, you couldn't even clean it with Comet or even Worex, some tried Ajax Only mix wit, the back get this track Y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize, you need to recognize You need to recognize, niggas need to recognize Uh-huh, uh-huh Uh-huh, uh-huh [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Zu Keeper)] Sweet girl, sweet girl Each and every day-a, each and every way-a See you niggas, most of your strayers Stray off from a thing, civilization-a Don't understand the true nation-a Go back like cold ovens and ice boxes (Murder Avenue L trains, Broadway blackouts Brooklyn Zu keep history, fam shake the trends Five years of workin bodies, voice box hits the shotty I move in parties, stickin hotties And all you fake mob Gotti's, I push your skirt up My shit's so bad I wipe my ass with a burner) I said, y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize, you need to recognize You niggas need to recognize, uh-huh, uh-huh [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Y'all niggas can't fuck with me All y'all niggas lovin me [The Neptunes] Mister courageous O.D.B. You need to recognize he's a P-I-M-P You need to recognize, you need to recognize Bitches and niggas'll recognize Look, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: I Can't Wait Typed by: flabbo@hotmail.com Yo, Yo Miami Yo Cali-Fornia North East West and South motherfucka Yo Check this out This is Dirt Dog I'm here to make you scream (Chorus)(x4) Big Baby Jesus I can't wait Nigga fuck that! I can't wait! I ain't no actor my shit's for real Thighmaster If I don't get paid 2 or 3 million dollars on Monday I'm a bring on the ARMAGEDDON!(It's Monday) Fuck that feeling, this fo reeling Nigga I want my Noalin Make it rain, hail, storm and earthquake UHHHH! That's what I'm saving! Play that music in your trunk The cocaine got my ????? stuck Nigga I'm from the ghetto How many celebrities from the ghetto? (Dirty your crazy, I'm crazy about your music Dirty your crazy, you're a nutcase you're a fucking nutcase) (Chorus) A to the Pox doing Night Fever Cancer, herpes, mumps, seizures Diabetes, TV if your against me You die easier! Cops don't have a show whatsoever Ain't no more doctors, ministers Nurses can't give us searches There won't be electric, won't be churches Cause your body go against you Whether it's a lie or whether it's true You can't use violent mentalities anymore It ain't lambskin You can't use the word napkin Nigga ya sleeping (Chorus)(x3) Hold on Hold on Hold on HAHAHAHAH I'm diplomatic playing pen and pad Ratatat you're a scaredy-cat Cause I have a tat put you up like that You can't stand that, cause you gotta scat You couldn't even move Don't know how to groove BITCH TAKE OFF YOUR SHOES Take up the brew Motherfucker you knew! Fucking with the doo Dirt Dog don't make any room (Chorus til shoutouts) I want to give a shoutout to FunkMaster Flex And all the DJs across the world I want to give a shoutout to my nigga Lupe I want to give a shoutout to my nigga Suge Knight To my nigga Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg I want to give a shoutout to um,um, what's them niggas, Outkast I want to give a shoutout to them crazy niggas In parts of the world that I never been too I want to give a shoutout to the Eskimos I want to give a shoutout to the submarines I want to give a shoutout to the army, air force, navy marines KNow what I'm saying? Y'all playing my music In the submarines and the boats Play that shit know what I'm saying? It's called travelling music busting ya ass style Yo Big Baby Jesus It's One Love I give a shout out to all the women I give a shout out to all the babies All the munchkins All across the world playa, God I want to give a shoutout to all the school teachers I give a shout out to um,um, myself (Chorus) I give a shout out to the Wu-Tant, Tang, Tang! The Brooklyn Zoo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: Cold Blooded Typed by: flabbo@hotmail.com Y'all no nothing about the pimp game, I wanna thank Rick James for letting me do this song Thank you very much Who are you?(who are you?) Girl who do you belong to? My point of view is Girl I think you're hot! If we halt What words will I describe There's no dictionary book To explain how you look Because I think you're hot! (Chorus) Sexy, sexy, sexy Cold Blooded! Girl I think you're hot! Sexy, sexy, sexy Cold Blooded! Who are you? Girl what's your name and number? Is it true? Girl you think I'm hot! If we tried To get to know each other You might find You couldn't trade me for another! Cause I think you're so! (Chorus) Sweetheart baby, Touch me girl where I want to me touched Don't ever complain, gotcha in a cobra clutch Love me tender, love me sweet I wanna bust this nut in a superfreak Oh you're a superfreak, fuck me anywhere Great skin never do a do or dare I wanna undress you, hold your loosie tight And i won't cum all night! (Chorus til fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Kelis Album: Nigga Please Song: Got Your Money Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ohhh baby I dedicate this to all the pretty girls All the pretty girls Its on (echo) All the pretty girls, in the world And the ugly girls too Cause to me your pretty anyways baby [Verse 1] You give me your number, I call you up You act like your pussy don't interrupt I don't have no trouble with you fuckin me But I have a little problem wit you not fuckin me Baby you know I'ma take care of you Cause you say you got my baby, and I know it ain't true Is it a good thing? No it's bad bitch For good or worse, makes you switch So I walk on over with my Cristal Bitches, niggaz put away your pist-als Dirty won't be having it in this house Cause bitch I'll cripple your style Now that you heard my charmin voice You couldn't get another nigga, hoochie won't get moist If you wana look good and not be bummy Girl you better give me that money! AOWWW! [Chorus 2X: Kelis] Hey, Dirty, baby I got your money Don't your worry, I said hey; baby I got your money [Verse 2] Yo! so I glanced at the girls, girls glanced at me I whispered in their ear, wanna be with me? You wana look pretty though, in my video Ol' Dirty on the hat and I let you all know Just DANCE if you caught up in the holy ghost trance If you STOP I'ma put the killer ants in your pants I'm the O-D-B as you can see Every eye, don't you be watchin me I don't want no problems cause I put you down in the ground where you can not be found I'm just Dirt Dog tryin to make some money So give me my streaks and give me my honey Radio, yes all day, everyday Recognize I'm a fool and ya luuuuuuuuuuv me! None of you NUH better look at me funny NUH you know my name, now give me my money! [Ol' Dirty over Chorus] Sing it, sing it girls! Just shake it right now! If Dirty want his money, I think y'all should give him his money That's how I like you giiiiiiiirlllll [Interlude] Sexy, sexy, sexy! Sexy, sexy, sexy! Sexy, sexy, sexy! Sexy, sexy, sexy! [Verse 3] Yo, yo! Nigga playin in the club like this all night Bitches put your ass out let me hold it tight You looking at my wrist sayin "It's so nice!" The price bitch is diamonds, shinin disco light Well you better help me solve my PROBLEM Or I'ma get this money and rob them Lucky dog when I won the lotto Ran up on my car for carryin Rollo But hold on, you can call me Dirty And then lift up your skirt {*clap clap*} And you want some of this Dirty God made Dirt and Dirt bust your ass {*clap clap*} Stop annoyin me, yeah! I play my music loud It takes the Bastard Ol' Dirty, to move the CROWWWD They say he had his dick in his mouth Eddie Murphy taught me that back in the house Now give me my money! [Ol' Dirty ad libs as Chorus repeats] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: Rollin Wit You Typed by: flabbo@hotmail.com You can't imitate me on this fuckin tape You ain't ringing the bell I'm ready when you are [You ain't ringing the bell You ain't busting the grape You ain't imitating me on this fuckin tape] (x10) I'm tellin you bitch ass niggas If y'all don't fuckin If y'all coloured bitch ass faggot punk ass motherfuckers Don't see that these white people are trying to take over your shit Don't worry, your baby's happy the Ol' Dirty Bastard is here Your baby happy I'm here To beat the shit out of all you faggot punk ass motherfuckers Bitch ass niggas! I shut whole fuckin' world down You white motherfuckers could never, ever take over You can't ever take over!(x2) You shut the fuck up and you shut the fuck up That's what the fuck you do! (Could I get a beer, yo I need some beer) You ain't using your phone, you ain't callin the cops Cause nigga I'm the only king of the block I'm the only black god, motherfucker! And I came to rock the spot When I throw at football pass at a bitch she miss Ain't trying to be funny gonna use my fist You can't use the family feud You can't run it on a cuckoooo!!!! You bring shame, I'll keep Ol' Dirty safe Not locked up, cause I'll have your fuckin ass locked up! I'll stash you, lickin you down, light that blunt! You ain't gettin one,two I do what I want! If I got a problem, a problems got a problem til it's gone I'm the only Unique Ason You reap what you sew Fuckin with the O I got the precinct locked down You ain't using the po-po Fuck you Soso I got the keys to your hoe I'll stop your whole flow, all you bitches roll Would be from the ghetto You want me to control This fuckin' show Give Ol' Dirty what he want and mo! Time stops you'll go Mafia slow! Time'll stop you'll go Mafia! Pay me all my motherfucking money Or I'ma slow down your dough! (Chorus) Jesus I'm rollin with you(x4) You'll all be in danger You'll have a sex changer I'm gettin more anger call me Dr. Stranger I master the demon demonic toys Sting you with the venom kill your joy! Bitches throw hands in the air like to be sodomized That's what I'm here for! That's what I'm all about! I get girls and I'll they want to give is a good fuck from me Oh BABY!! Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa I control Michael Jackson's Thriller Catch him and ruuhhahaha Fuck with the guys that'll make you shrug I'm the only original Fuck you chump! Shut the fuck up! Yo did you understand that? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Brooklyn Zu, La the Darkman, Rayson Album: Nigga Please Song: Gettin' High Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com [Intro: Rayson, Zu Keeper] Aiyyo, what's up nigga? Roll up that shit. Yo, where you comin' from, nigga? 	The fuck you talkin' 'bout? 	I'm comin' from Franklin. 	Nigga, Brooklyn Zu. Yo, I got a badge. You got a badge? 	Nigga, just give me $5. A'ight. You know I'm sayin', du'? 	Word up. Now which one of you niggaz really got dough? 	None o' us. Yo, yo, yo. [Chorus: Rayson] We some GQ, get fresh, lamp a lot niggaz Lettin' all the world know, we be gettin' high *repeat 3x* [12 O'Clock] What's up, nigga? Look how you strong, workin' 'em off Got that hoe-ass bitch tellin' you you ain't worth it no more She fuckin' while you on tour, the nigga next door Y'all even played basketball, should've punched ya in ya jaw Now nigga need to stay on tour, 10 g's is worth more She's a chickenhead whore, tryin' to score I knew a bitch like that before, named Mo' What a mink in the snow, a rink on the toe 12 O'Clock know, a bitch never want a bitch Bitch! [La the Darkman] Yo 12, this bitch Sky livin' in Bed-stuy Used to be a hon' until she started gettin' high The high school prom queen, now she prom fiend Her man was 85, so he sold her a dream Told her he was rich, so she sucked his dick Swallowed all his cum and she didn't even spit Suckin' him off in the whip, he loved that bitch He loved that bitch.. he loved that bitch [Chorus: repeat 3x] [Shorty Shit Stain] I know this nigga on the Hill who got mad mils Some masses, got credit cards, I mean this nigga got big bills Well, anyway, I'ma sick him cuz his girl Dawn put me on to the whole ? She say he don't be home to caress her So I undressed her and made her feel better He got the safe in the basement under the cemented floor So what more, could you ask for? [Outro: Zu Keeper] Producer. Representer. RZA. 12 O'Clock. Rayson. Zu Keeper. Shorty Shit Stain. Yo... yeah. One time. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: You Don't Want to Fuck With Me Typed by: supafly@metro.net Yo, when I say you don't want to fuck with me  I'm not talking to you girl (and woman) Yo, 'cause y'all want to fuck... y'all want to fuck me Verse: I stay away from danger, danger stay away from me I kind of react on y'all niggas and then I flee Whatever you say is a mirage And on top of that, huh, nigga fuck y'all I'm the law of the land, got girls Uncle Nuggah I gagagaga got girls on the command I got the government lost on Gilligan Island (Nigga Please!) By December, CIA gettin' paid taxes back  >From the Candy Cane, Santa came, back in the big hurricane You ain't shaggy anymore D8, I ain't in your ballgame I became, ain't your doggy bag ho same You gotta make Ol' Dirty a better man  In the world if you wanna live Fuck y'all, God don't forgive I don't answer phones I'll never reveal the Wu-Tang secret, and if you don't believe  I'll kill your shit Chorus: 2x You don't want You don't want fuck with me ('Cause my name is Ol' Dirty) Verse: Please Nigga! You couldn't jump jump jump You couldn't punk, you couldn't funk funk funk the shit up My name is Dirt Dog the 18 Millimeter, shoot you up, bust you up (Fuck fuck, What?) I drop an ambulance on a nigga Mad trucks, runnin' over niggas I love bitches, when they front on they pussycat You ain't gettin' over like a fat rat Hate is the method, killin' all you savages You won't be sendin' me messages I put your nigga on pause, I keep that shit on Destroy you through your whores 'Cause you ain't never had clout You niggas on a rat drought I never get tired, I ain't in your drama quote Suck my dick! Chorus: 6x (To the ugly girls, throw your hands in the fuckin' air!) (To the ugly bitches, wave 'em like you just don't care!) Verse: Yo, I'm the cunt breath asshole eater And if you let me physically eat it, it only get (burps) Yo, the race we'll lose I'm ??? the booze Don't eat the food! AAAAHH! If you really want to cum This dope game get your pussy numb YO! FUCK Y'ALL! EVERYBODY! Chorus: 3x Don't ever look at my name as bad The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: Nigga Please Typed by: flabbo@hotmail.com (ODB) I ain't no nigga My words can't be held against me I'm not caught up in your law All music must obey me All pain must obey me I cripple my enemies Got that careful vocabulary I can talk my way up out of anything Nobody's words can go against me I'm stingy, I want all that energy Osirus, the best nigga in the place to be I two hundred hot degree Burning ya til you faint y'all Y'all niggas shooting blanks y'all I'm fucking my vest, drive an armored tank y'all I dead niggas like a dog buries a bone You could never set me up I raise the pain volume Nominate me, as presidential MC My career so intelligent unique physique A nigga please! (ODB and RZA) (Chorus) You could never fuck with the dog, A nigga please! Nigga I will bury ya bone A nigga please! I'm the one who burned ya home A nigga please! Watch your shit fall like Rome I'm immune to all viruses I get the cocaine it cleans out my sinuses Just for slinging *nuh* I get a quarter a mil I'll have it raining ice drops the size of automobiles Kill all the government microchips in my body I'm the paranoid nigga at your party I kill all my enemies at birth! Shut the fuck up! Bitch and let my slide my hands up your skirt Nigga please! Chorus Nigga please!(You could never fuck with the dog)(x5) (RZA) Straight up! ODB type shit Y'all watch out for the Abbott and Crazy Monk Coming soon Splashed y'all with the organic hip-hop spazola type Naw mean Straight up! For born in on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: Dirt Dog Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ol' Dirty Bastard] C'mon, fuck that shit {*panting hard seven times*} Yo bitches out there, a-throw your hands in the air To my niggaz out there (out there) Throw your guns in the air (one two three) Let me hear you go - Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go - Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! (Ahhhhh) Let me hear you go.. 	NO! Never been branded, no dough shorthanded This is why the Dirt Dog landed And I expanded - from the help of the RZA Shit that NUH commanded I'm a project hoe, LOVE project hoe Nigguh get BUST, at the front door (I do) I don't don't don't, I don't don't I don't got no love for the pro, the prostitute pro The Brooklyn Zoo know, I be like Old Joe *pbbbbbbbbbbt* See me at the cocaine sto' Coppin a.. eh ehh ehh.. and coppin mo' See I'm a real nigga, give a bitch a car Bitch want a Jeep, give a bitch a star Bitch wanna sleep, number one.. .. umm, number one, I live in my momma house Number one, I live in my momma house This a Ol' Dirty Bastard production, let off SHOTS! Be hot like I thought from a bitch's twat I'm just a small boy, well known like Elroy Well employed Chest built up like steroids, electra master Pumpin ten motherfuckers You can't control the black man's God!!! Bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh, bluh, better stop Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-Dirtiest place to be You white Flintstone, bitch You stickin your dick in my gravel pit Gonna drill the center of the Earth You white women tryin to swine a bit I'm the Granddaddy Man from the Senegal clan Got the bite of a pit, keep your afro simmerin Nigga GUARD YOUR GROUND! (GUARD YOUR GROUND!) Ah-throw your hands in the air To my niggaz out there, throw ya guns in the air Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go Dirt, Dirt Doooooooog! (I feel you penetrating through my body) Dirt, Dirt Doooooooog! Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go Dirt, Doooooooog! 	Dirt, Doooooooog! Let me hear you go.. {*some woman humming la lahhh lahh.. *} (Oh baby I like it raw..  Yeah baby I like it RAW..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: I Want Pussy Typed by: curtmott@hotmail.com Stink hos (repeat 6X) I want pussy for free, I want pussy for free You can not have my money I want pussy for free, look, I want pussy for free I want pussy for free, I want pussy for free (for freeeeeeeee) I ain't givin none of y'all girls money shit fuck y'all Love ya but fuck ya let bounce this ball Screwface ya bitches put food on y'all He won't slip, won't trip, won't ever fall Bitch you better obey me, better not betray me Callin the cops sayin this is his baby Pussy for free, baby, I dont want none of yall havin my money I want pussy Yeah my momma can not protect y'all Yeah my momma can not protect y'all Yeah my momma can not protect y'all Right, Right Yeah my momma can not protect y'all Yeah my momma can not protect y'all Right Right Yeah my momma can not protect y'all My momma can not protect y'all My momma can not protect y'all My momma can not protect y'all Bitch and I ain't gonna protect y'all bitch Alright? Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Lil' Mo Album: Nigga Please Song: Good Morning Heartache Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [ODB] Ladies and gentlemen, huh This a song.. that dedicated.. (wee kah boo boo doo doo boo dah boh dah bah dah boh doh goh doh doh..) .. to me.. (dah boh goh ding.. ah, lalalalalalalah) MmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMmmmmmmmmmmmm.. Doo be doo boo boo be doo boo woo boo BEE booweeoooohhh Weayeahhhhhhhhhhhgirrrrll [Lil' Mo] Whoahhhh-woaAHH-woahhoahhohhh [ODB] Ah zooby dooby dooby [Lil] Whoahhoooooohwhoahhhooooooh [ODB] It's on me girl, to stop fightin and work this out, knahmsayin? F'real 	{*from here out, ODB not in (), Lil' Mo in (), both in []'s} (Good morning heartache) Good morning heartache, good morning (You always by my side) [Good morning heartache] Good morning heartache [Thought we said goodbye last night] [I tossed and turned til it seemed] that [you had gone] [But here you are.. with the dawn] Ooooohooooohhh [Oooh wish I'd forget you] Wish I'd forget you, proper state of mind Wish I'd forget you bayyyybe, [but you're here to stay] Stop thinkin about bein so harsh all the time [It's seems I met you] Stop bein prejudiced to each other [when my love had gone away] Stop bein jealous, of one another [Iaahahahahahhhhhhhhh] ahahahahahhhhhhh (Start each day out) [just by.. saying to you..] hello [Good morning heartache, what's new] newwwwwwwwww [Stop holding me now..] nowwwowowowowwwwwwwwwwwwww (Can't shake you, no howww) No howwwwwwwwww (Why don't you) why don't you, why don't you [leave meeeeee alone] aloneeeeeahhhhhhhhhhIahhhhhh got (I got those, Monday blues) Monday bluesss (go straight through) straight through (Sunday blues) Sunday blueeees (Oahahaoohhhhhhhhh good morning heartache) Good morning heartache (Here we go, here we go, here we go again) Good morning heartache, oahahhh.. let's go [Good morning heartache] Good mornin heartache babe [You're the one, who knew me when..] (Yes I might as well get used to you) (Hangin around) Oahhhhhohhh [Good morning heartache] acheeeeeeeee [I see you're back in town] towwwwwwwwwn Oahh *cough cough cough* (Good morning heartache..) *cough cough, cough* [Why don't you just, sit on down] Hold up WHYYYYYYY DON'T YOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU [SIT DOWWWOWWWWOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWN!] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: All in Together Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah youknowhatI'msayin? It's all I'm sayin Knahmsayin? Yo I'ma tell all y'all motherfuckers somethin, knahmsayin? I'm a Dalmation, knahmsayin? Motherfucker I'm white AND I'm black, what? You can't understand it? Then FUCK YOU! Knahmsayin? I love this Motherfucker, I need this We work from hand to hand, from country to town, from city to state, from world to world; nigga From universe to universe It's a white and black thing (all the world leaders) It's all, and together (I said peace, and love, from happiness) You understand meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee??!! ??, turn me up! Ah turn me up! (7X) {keep repeating "Ah turn me up!" in the background} 	White girls shake your ass 	Black girls shake your ass 	Everybody shake your ass 	C'mon, shake yo' ass!! Turn me up! Motherfuckers gettin hot in here Niggaz all gettin hot in here Everybody gettin hot in here Whitey's gettin hot in here Blackie's gettin hot in here Somebody gettin hot in here Everybody gettin hot in here Red people gettin hot in here Yellow people gettin hot in here Blue people gettin hot in here Aliens gettin hot in here Somebody gettin hot in here White people gettin hot in here Black people gettin hot in here Everybody gettin hot in heeeeereeeeeahhhhh The chamber of this banger, is 36th chamber Understand Equality Slang, that of Allah's name Played the rabbit, like you dead Mork from Ork, first take support see me in The Source Yo I take the Eighty-Five Percent brain Cause Black makes what makes rain Dirty brain is like payday to me GOD, Unique baby Who's the Five Percent of the planet Earth? Tell em Poppa Wu, well it sure ain't Poppa Smurf! Got to check your blood, take you to church Ministers down with the nerds Ever since birth,  white man always tryin to take the black man's turf Black man built America I named ya after Asia, you ain't my MOMMA! Now her name is Erika, Bo Derek-ah What, you like that slave name? It wasn't 'posed to sound better New Rule order, New Rule order For ALL the maniacs in jail read this letter Be behind me when I'm makin this cheddar Cause I'ma make it more better, for our babies Cause they play in the same schoolyards everyday C'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon, c'mon! You've, got, that WHITE WHITE WHITE WHITE white man clock on your wall I'm tired of gettin up goin to work for that WHITE WHITE WHITE WHITE man y'all I's got a bad boss These thoughts was fuckin Diana Ross I ain't no ??, makin this money NUH! Show yourself Whitey come on, get the money (GET THE MONEY) My Father Allah walk with Gods Just like the dollar bill walk with God We Trust And I walk this dog, two-thousand two-hundred miles for you whaaaaaaaaat? Let the ?? know it's done Hey blackie, yo whitey It's all, all, all in together now We gettin paid gettin dressed for the weather now All, all, all in together now We gettin paid gettin dressed for the weather now All, all in together now Gettin paid gettin dressed for the weather now Alllllll in together now We're gettin paid gettin dressed for the weather now Peace! It's all in together now New World Order baby, knahmsayin? Y'all recognize it's together You understand me? It's the Dirt Dog speakin My word is BOND, and my bond is life It's all in together now my niggaz, and my niggarettes My peoples, don't worry about it It's all slang from the same gang I'm black out, and I'm black in I'm white out, and I'm white in SO WHAT?!?!?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Nigga Please Song: Cracker Jack (Bonus Track) Typed by: Masta10304@hotmail.com "C'mon baby, c'mon c'mon baby" repeats   in background all throughout the song "You bitches can't do nothin" repeats   in background through intro [Intro: ODB] It's Ol' Dirty Bastard and shit, knowI'msayin? I wanna give a big shout out to my nigga Luke KnowI'msayin? You know, you know, know I wanna lock all the bitches down I wanna lock all the bitches down from the North, to East, to West, to South KnowI'msayin? I wanna.. help me put these bitches in my trance I want y'all to suck my lizard You bitches wanna fuck me when you smell my under-arm [ODB] I make yo' dick disappear I ain't hearin anymore weird sounds in the ear PSSSSSSS... you can't purr no more You wanna kneal and suck dick? I'ma keep your throat sore Bitches got herpes in ya ass Every time you fuck a nigga, he dies fast And you won't last The pussy break down from a rash It's hard for you to walk, cuz you stuck up in your ass Don't ask me for no cash You better not be tellin me to give them no cash Ash, bash, crash, sad ass [Chorus: ODB] Give me a little of that Cracker Jack You ain't caramel coated Cracker Jack The surprise, bitch you gonna get waxed This that shit, you can't do nothin about [ODB] Girls ain't pretty to me anymore Cuz you ain't bein a real whore Ooh, you ain't a real whore *yells some crazy shit* You can't say, wear nails anymore You ain't givin up, a manicure Suckin my dick is gonna be your chore If you don't, you're punishment You can't get off until ya suck my dick Physically I operate your brain to function Give me anything, that I wantin ALL GIRLS WANNA FUCK ME EVERYDAY And give me that, the money Don't even know what happens naturally Especially when I'm playin with the chemistry THE MONEY COMIN TO ME FIRST You gonna keep dyin til you die from thirst I WANT A DIFFERENT GIRL EVERYDAY If you wanna die, you gotta drink my sperm The other way to die, is eat a can of worms Chorus 3X [Outro: ODB] Give me a little... Yo, I love you girls cuz you wanna stick your tongue up in my ass Or you can't taste, smell, touch or hear, or see I got you in a smash, give me it! [instrumental for next 58 seconds] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Intro Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yes, everybody, this is something for you That you got to hear! And sometimes you may say to yourself, baby, I - love - you! Yes, my dear, everything is so fly and so splendid girl Iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, loooooooooove, youuuuuuuuuuuu more, girl Yeah, yeah, my sugar pie, my honey bunch My flower, my dew dropping, my --- permanent shit stain My, my, my girl, I said I love you so You're my, you're my heart --- The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Mack 10, Royal Flush Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Caught Up Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Chorus: sample] Some people get caught up Some try and get rolled up Some people... (x9) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass.. The things that you learnt in class is trash You can't do nothin' wit' it, I put you in the past You broken motherfuckers, shut the fuck up I do it 'til you bad luck and head gets plucked The only thing on your brain is to give me this cash Stay out of my business 'cause I'm takin' your tash This struggle on the ming, non of y'all bring I got y'all in.. flavouring Chorus x2 [Mack 10] I seem to fuck about a bitch or a crooked ass cop I'm a burst that, it's dealin', the hustle don't stop I got stones and hairone, ecstasy and weed Meth, imphetamine, sherm, sticks and speed Pay it high wid, dope is all I got to give I'm a ghetto nigga dog so I get it how I live Got money, lock 'em off, fuckers still I got drama Got two strike dog and five baby mamas With new strain I maintain, I'm ready and willin' to keep change on niggas brains to keep the blood spillin' I hate it but it ain't complicated, it's real simple Fuck with me and know you get a hole in your temple I ain't gonna play you niggas, I'ma slay you niggas Don't take but a few figures and a few new triggers Mack 10 livin' legend, every West coast rhymin' Straight hoo bangin' gangsta and all rhymin' sodom, it's bad Chorus x2 [Royal Flush] Shut up, let me talk for a minute, alot of bull shit on my mind Dealin' with crime, alot of y'all dealin' wid rhymes Stuck on the grind, crackheads cookin' my pies Startin' off on the 1-2-5, the block's mine Bucket the spine, DH tryna tap my line Stop my producitons, wanna know my money discussions Who I roll wid, "buy so many cars is he legitin' of my dick" It didn't matter when I ain't have shit They done watch me in helicopters, parklin' in my crib All I wanna feed is my kids, no time to do a bid Feel me, I forced the whole guns a while for my ones Didn't sell drugs, where the money come from? No school, no job, no bitch, no food, fuck that Do what I do to make my shit true And I make it hard on them boys who blew they cats charges If I go to jail you know I'm blowin' on the Sergeants Chorus x5 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Insane Clown Posse Album: The Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Dirty and Stinkin' Typed by: DaTfamly@aol.com [Intro: O.D.B/Violent J/Female] Ya'll know how I get down..Ya know what I'm sayin (Dirty) Detroit (Dirty) What..Brooklyn..Zoo (Dirty) Yeah..What (Dirty) Insane Clown Posse and O.D.B. I got O.D.B and I got platinum baby what I ain't goin nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin' [Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard] (Yeah) There's a quarter and it's Dirty and Stinkin' Funkier than Peppy Le'Pue so I was thinkin' About (What) droppin' this single on the charts (Yeah) Let'n you know hey the kid has heart I never deny myself, its when you dope But in my last year, I had to slept on my notes  You thought that I was weak, Huh let me speak My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's weeps (Dirty) So listen hear mister don't you ever forget The rhym'n Dirty, you couldn't even clean if you commit Or even boring, some try ajax, only mess with the best, 48 trackz (Yo) I get down with the a saw sound lyrics that be flowin from miiiiles around  So let the music shut yo' ass up and throw the upper cut that will make you fall onto yo butt [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 I wanna get Dirty and I (Dirty) wanna get Stinky And I (Stinky) ain't goin nowhere till I get (Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin'  (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin'  (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') [Verse 2: Ol' Dirty Bastard] (Dirty) Let me continue, verse number 2 style is wild dirty stinky like doo doo (Get Dirty) If you hangin' around, hen change yo' mind, It is a bad (?), Yo it's my rhyme I sit down and I say to myself Self, Yo are you rated top joe I drop a single for ya to get a dose of as I lay back like a pillow on the sofa  You get paid (Yeah right) Bully, Fly askin B.G. wha wha wha wha you know me (Dirty) Sweet as a hunny bee, taste like a 40, tick you like oohhwee Want to drink old english so I speak old english Ya gotta be dirty and stinkin' And if it's not, well I guess I'm not (?) , It's Dirty and It's Stinkin' [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky And I ain't goin nowhere till I (Nowhere, Nowhere) get Dirty and Stinkin'  (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I (What) ain't goin' nowhere until I'm (Yeah Yeah) Dirty and Stinkin'  [Violent J] O.Deezy. Beezy and I.C.Peezy Together on this track forever [Shaggy 2 Dope] Sell me, I know my funk be kickin' Turnin' heads like an 8 foot tropical mud chicken They fear these juggalo flows I'm (Dirty) dirty like Osama Bin Laden's toes I got hatchet love, it decayed in the barn hicken chain saw hard I'm making neighbors uncombortable (I wanna get Dirty and) Take me home and it's late don't worry bout the ring in ya tub It's the clown paint [Violent J] I.C.P. and O.Dizzle wildin Workin' like a fat chicks feet at Kings Island A whole Source 9 mics, I don't care I'm a 10 year vet 5 plaque rat millionaire (Yeah) [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky And I ain't goin nowhere till I get (Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin' (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin'  Oh Oh...Oh..Dirty..Oh...and Stinky.... (I) (I) (Stinky, Stinky)...(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') Oh Damica (What I) I.C.P. O.D.B. (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Big Syke, Too $hort Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Dogged Out Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Too $hort (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Bitch you knew I was a dog when you met me How you gonna get mad at me now? Cuz I got bitches.. everywhere Bitch I'm a player, y'know (Y'know, killa, y'know'I'msayin' I said shit, I said, that's dat monster +Dog Shit+, y'know'I'msayin' This is all dedicated to all you hoes) And bitches [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Too $hort)] Shame on a nuh, who tried to step TUH the Ol' Dirty Bas, put my foot up your UHH Bitch, you walk around with your bra too tight (beitch) It's alright, you still gon' get fucked tonight Hoeeeeee! (bitch fucky) Stinkin ass hoe! You're the type of bitch don't appreciate shit Never had shit, so you won't be shit That pussy there, couldn't satisfy a hair on my body, treat me like a lolli and slob me doooooown (beitch) I'm Doo Doo Brown! (beitch) Hehahahaha Tossed salad, oh you in some shit now Callin me a dog, well leave a dog alone Cuz nothin can stop me from buryin my bones in the backyard, of someone else's house Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not +Dogged Out+ Here comes Rover, sniffin at your ass Pardon me bitch, as I shit on your grass That means hoe, you been shit-ted on! I'm not the first dog that's shitted on your lawn [Chorus x2: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Callin me a dog, well leave a dog alone Cuz nothin can stop me from buryin my bones in the backyard, of someone else's house Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dog out [Big Syke] Right behind my pitbull, all wrong That wanna make the cat moan all night long Puppy don't take me wrong, but it's gon' Be monkeys up, so call me gettin' toned Get gone thong, crew comin' through Big Syke daddy wid the Brooklyn Zu You know what to do, freaky sucky sucky Won't you show the crew how you play wit' the monkey Let him see you don't fake it, and you can take it It's only the bigger bone, gotta make it Baby shake it in the worst way, OK Up in you in the parle My forte is a freakyness, look at this I don't kiss anythin' that I don't miss, runnin' sense to get licked from the nuts to the crack of my butt I'm a dog, so what, but you still give it up, Wu/woof Chorus x2 [Too $hort] Beitch, this is what I tell these hoes Don't sweat it baby, you'll never be my lady Take this bone, straight to the dome And get on (get on), cuz I don't wanna talk Shut the fuck up if you done wanna walk We on the same page? I thought so You know them +Big Dogs+ hit you wit' their paw hoe Big pimp (pimpin') jump the fence Hoppin' all night it don't make no sense (na na) From New York to Cali', whylin' (wild) I got the bitch in the alley howlin' (beitch) And she don't wanna go nowhere She got love for a player she don't know no better That's why I tell her (tell her) I'd be wid you forever if I could find time to put you in my schedule (beitch) Beitch, $hort Dog in the house Chorus x2 [Ol' Dirty Bastard] She flew in like calm breeze Tall brown skin, her weave like palm trees I went coconuts Dipped my Dunkin' between your Donut Don't want it if it ain't no slut, bitch! Fathership touch ground, like fly on soup Don't invite me I tear the fuck down White boys cut my toupee! Seventh day rester, or scream play I slump MC slay, it ain't nuttin to bust ass Bullet him, get him fast Bitch I don't break out, blast to the next rash The dog piss on MC's like trees Got meals but still grill that old good welfare cheese Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Free With Money Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] All I wanna be is free with mad fucking money, man Be free with mad money You never be free fucking with these white boys The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ C-Murder, E-40 Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Anybody * Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com * original and remix have identical lyrics [Intro: C-Murder] Tytanic, let's wake 'em up, ya heard? Yeah, it's real out here Killa block notch, wit' the ODB NYC, CP-3, nigga, what? Let me ask you a question What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?) How you feel like my name now (How you feel 'bout me now?) How you feel like C now? What do you think about the ODB now? (What?) What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?) How you feel like my name now (How you feel about me now?) How you feel like my name now (I told you I wanted somethin') [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, bite that point, the habit apprievin' No hope to find, that you're misbehavin' Link your crupid, fuck your brewin' Flash the burgers on your crewin' Cuz the monks, skippin' from the other MC's I got the amazing ability I get on the mic so you can have a ball I could fly through the air and stick to the wall I could take a punch or get hit by a car Could go to the nearest or farthest star As a matter of fact it's what I won't talk about Pop a word out of trace just to be in the house [Chorus: E-40] So pimped out about my big spendish I got a 20, 6 O'Clock extra chrystall Anybody dat wanna pop off at the lip Anybody that wanna give me banana split It's only E-40, Murder in this bitch All the money motivated me to biatch Three soldiers from the East, South and West Street soldiers holdin' it down for they vets [C-Murder] I'm C-Murder, murder mass ten, I'm wit' the Dirty Bastard And my flows comin' faster than a jet to Alaska I ask ya how you feelin' my collabo' The CP3, the ODB from NYC the ghetto B Light it up, let it cook, look in the mirror, let me crush Don't worry about how it looks, put some momey on my books Only God can judge me now That's when I heard the click click, I was Christened I ain't with them are you wid that Let them whistles out them pistols Let loose on them troops and then shake 'em like Cherok smoke I slam dunk 'em like Shaq I wanna be free, I'm not guilty, do you feel me? Chorus [E-40] Hey sluggin', wanna hit this rock dowm (rock down) I only got one world, mane, I feel like take this to the thick of him Under there, got the smell, you do the hoe you hear Fuck it there, let me get a swig of that Thunder Bird OK, it's cute, it's squashed Now, no though mane, lets have a back wash Yeah you trippin', "no I ain't", yeah you is That boy spittin', what's his name? 40, quarter, biatch [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I stage a place, place stage a me I'm a vision of truth, just a true MC Love hiphop so much, mic won't untouched Thugs grow unbust, bitch won't get fucked Every 40 ounce cracked, every napsack packed Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass, the record gets scrapped Oh, the record gets scrapped, the record gets scrapped Chorus [Outro: E-40] And there you have it E-40 the bonzerelli The ballatician from the Soyo block soil Turf hall, been through it all Hard 'til we have it all (hard 'til we have it all) Ay look it's C-Murder and Ol'Dirty Bastard If you don't stay your ass out of trouble What's up boy? ODB We got the same motherfuckin' birthday Novermber the 12th to be exact motherfuckers What the fuck you drinkin'? Fortay Get 'em off this motherfucker.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  rtist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Waitress #13 Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Just be all -- I be hungry, man I just can't take this man Oh my God, I need some food! Chill baby -- I wish this muthafucking black nigga would shut the hell up I love you too, darling The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Reunited Typed by: ThaMasta@Rogers.Com [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard *singin*] Reunited cuz it feels so good  Reunited cuz we're understood There's one perfect thing and children this one is it We both we're so excited cuz we're reunited, hey! hey! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm known on the microphone as the rap professor Casual dresser, you may dress fresher The way that I speak this shit is energetic My physique of meat is quick atheletic Remove all MC's who disapprove that my funky fresh particle always have the groove You're jealous over me because you're not a competitor You're just a donor, I'm the rap editor Tryin to rock the mic when you get an appetite All negative on the mic, I dislike Try to rock the mic but only will reduce Try to get loose, you juice as a youth Not knowin to yourself that you shall be frozen I'm the MC warrior, who has been chosen to rock and shock beats, polite when I recite Sulfur MC's, you are down right, out right Try to be talkative, there's no alternative Hide until I forgive, this motive I am unique with the perfected physique The objective of my rhyme is my own technique I maintain the paradise on this Earth with the shut the fuck up style for what this shit is worth Watch a nigga catch a purse Super-hero niggaz die Do my dirt, get away and multiply You bitches, ya nice guys Always want bitch, because ya need mine I pleased on how I get up on the stage and fuck up the show Cuz nobody can't fuck with me! You bootleggin buyin motherfuckers, don't do that with me with all these child-support cases I got, I needs my money! Earl for ages, a 100 and down, sacrifice ya baby to the underground The best kept secret, how does it feel to be boxin in like a skeleton, growin back ya skin? When I was young, I was taught how to produce the science of babies gettin loose I turned white boys to Springsteen spruce Black to spooks, gave the Chinese Bruce I can't help it if my style is foggy, monster boogie Get ya high on my patio, all come to see me movie Bicthes, you're walkin on my dirt We ain't sayin nuthin I whisper in ya ear, make ya blink cold Pert Love potion, plenty bones I put up What!? What!? What!? What!? You know what time it is, mothefuckers! [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I want to give a big shout out to the Wu-Tang Clan We holdin it down. YouknowI'msayin? I also want to show mad love to Puffy cuz you holdin it down Master P, you holdin it down KnowI'msayin? Dr.Dre, you holdin it down Give Snoop my love, E-40 MC Eiht, West Coast, word is bond This is family, I don't give a fuck! Striaght up. It's Dirt Dog, nigga! Y'all niggaz know how the fuck I get down! knowI'msayin? I'm here to represent this shit! KnowImean? I love y'all niggaz! Motherfucker, my stomach hurts! Bitch, I got to go! (ah, Wu-Tang motherfuckers...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Buddha Monk Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Here Comes the Judge Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com, ThaMasta@Rogers.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard {Buddha Monk}] I was drivin' an Accord cart, nominated at awards Back in the days drivin' an Accord Run-uhhn-uuhhn-uhhn, nominated at awards Back in the days drivin' an Accord Everybody rise (Wu-Tang) (This slang) You know (this rhyme) you came to America (that's our thang) (I hang) And took over the black woman (and her reply) (Is slang) The black woman wanted the Judge They runnin' from the cops They run, runnin', run, runnin', runnin', runnin' Here Comes the Judge (x8) {Give it to me now} [Ol' Dirty Bastard (girl)] Here comes my Mac I don't need this shit owned by stack I don't need you to monitor my perimeter (I wanna car for mine) Got me Accord, take me to judge {*sniff*} Sittin' broke Nominated at awards Back in the days drivin' Accords I didn't have nothing to give I didn't have no life to live Bastard C'Mon Aaahhhhhhhhaahhhhhhh [Break: Buddha Monk (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Hey hey excuse me Russell Jones Will you please calm down and tell the story? Just the story (heh heh) We want nothing else, just the story (No disrespect Judge) (Police-police-police) (Police-police-police) (Dirty ass, Dirty ass, Dirty ass) 	"I come camoflauged" --> Zoo Keeper (Dirty scorpian) 	"Uh uh Judge you oughta peep me, sir don't you remember me" 		"No who are you boy?" 	"Well I'm the baller that introduced you to your wife" 		"To my wife? Get a life you son of a bitch" [Buddha Monk] Yo, start the attack with dirt up cats thats wack Wants to be a gun blazer but jacks the flavor tracks I numb out frames, don't blame it on the coccaine What is sure to be the blame is the bullets of which you obtained Zoo or Zi Tribe and will live to be trifle News stands everywhere shows Zoo homicidal Extra extra read all about it Dirt Dog's Dirty cousin kills off Franklin and Madison This Dirty hiphop, tryna stop the raw lights Zu shoot down on the block, I need beamie of Scotch Block is mad hot, bad boys want their fuckin hollar Asked for Information, got it from a bitch named Tmara Click click, a bloaw bloaw bloaw Wish y'all woulda crawled with her Would have killed that bitch off, and fucked her ugly daughter Hahaahhhahaaa [Outro: Judge] Mr. Russell Jones and Mr Ellery Chambers Would you please stand The court finds you guilty as charged I am the honorable Judge Pigmy No longer will you make a mockery of the justice system The honourable Judge Pigmy As spoken I sentence you to life Hahahahaha I have the knowledge I am the Judge (x8) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Cute Devils Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Alright, my man, that's cool? [man] Yup! Sorry I didn't recognize you when you first came in, man [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Man, that's alright, man, shit, man, ight Ight, thanks alot man, you know You got the young white folks, man They be all cute and shit Little cute white folks, huh? Little cute devils The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Royal Flush Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: I Wanna Fuck Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, I got love for you girls All my Sweet Suger Pies This is dedicated to youuuu [Royal Flush] Hey baby what's your name? Look at your whole frame Compliment me on my chain, she bling it so I did the same Where we goin' from here? Lets smoke and drink in Belverdere Askin' me about my peers, where I been for all these years Starin' at my car yeah, notice money round here Please baby show your speed, nuff talk about me Where you work? What's your hobby? Married, or got kids to some bonnie Famous for karate What's your number, call you probably Waited for a week ot two, didn't see what we gon' do Came through, new car XL on them 22's Knock and marry, straight to her I wanna hit it badly Then she startin' barkin', said "first we gotta get married" I hate this bitch, all I wanna do is hit the nappy Gassed her head up, tell her anything tha make her happy Straight to the hotel, she suck dick and fuck well Asked me for my house number, I gave her Ol' Dirty's cell [Chorus: singer] When I'm sippin' on the henny, make me wanna fuck, wanna fuck, wanna fuck When I'm thinkin' of them bitches I don't fall in love, fall in love, fall in love All I ever do is get high and fuck, bust a nut, bust a nut ODB and Royal Flush don't give a fuck, bitches what? [Ol' Dirty Bastard] If a girl is a slut, with a hole in her butt Who used to be a meaty-bone puppy cow little mutt Came to my house smellin like trout I said, "Doggie doggie get the fuck out!!" Let me tell you about the rash from the neck it's enough to put the ring around the collar in check She's nothin but a bitch other known as a witch with an irritating ITCH from trying to switch Strung out ass, foggin up glass Tellin all the niggas that the bitch first class Smoke a bag of hash with the money she stash Tear up the whiff, that appear in her Tabernacle Prayer But the only thing holy was her shitty underwear Chorus [Royal Flush] Head anytime I wannit, C-O 600 World my state stuttin', girls come in diamond dozen Fuck hard, niece and cousins, doin' what your niggas wouldn't Fattin' like the white guttin', 85 I put my foot in Buck Scotties still pimpin', stay puttin' long dick in White pussy our commission, hit it while you when out fishin' Dog I be fuckin' bitches, while you be duckin' stitches And don't think cuz I'm a mack I won't buck at bitches Mad cuz my chain is bigger, rims look a little thicker Lifetsyle's alot richer, you actin' like low hitchin' Get a heater on my strippers, maybe y'all gon' hit it No rhymin', dance in a minute cuz everybody that I popped tonight at least had 3 E's in it.. 3 E's in it Chorus x2 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Highjack Typed by: Cno Evil [female] Yeah, I'm coming over here, that's the Queen Latifah got [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Huh? [female] Ya'll wanna come over here still ask the Queen Latifah episode? [Ol' Dirty Bastard] What happened? [female] You didn't hear about what happened to Queen Latifah right, on the corner? [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Nah, what happened? [female] She got highjacked [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Highjacked? What you mean somebody *car driving away noise* and run -- [female] They took her -- they took her BMW Carjacked, brother [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Word? Shit I need some action in my life Right now I ain't got nothing but nobody to highjack What you gonna take, my beeper? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Brooklyn Zoo, Popa Chief, Sunz of Man Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Lintballz Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com, ThaMasta@Rogers.Com [Intro: Zoo Keeper (Popa Chief) {Ol' Dirty Bastard}] *Popa Chief singing "Do or die, do or die, do or die, do or die" throughout intro* (What's your move bitch nigga?) Suttin' ain't goin' down like that I ain't lettin' niggas know they ain't know (How you gonna get what you ain't got? You know what I'm sayin'?) You ain't gonna get it (Yeah) That's the way it's goin' down (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Fuckin' around {Yo I mastered the art of Shadowboxin'!} [Chorus x2: Popa Chief] Do or die, ball or fly Lintballz always hangin' around tryin' to get high But fuck sittin' around waitin' on a hook up It's time to turn the heat up And catch these papes like cooked up What? [12 O'Clock] Niggas waitin' for hook up, get shook up Never get your weight off and do a push up You smokin' all my purple kush up Don't make me push and rook up Get you touched up, I lift my wrist up, yup, yup Now niggas know Lil' Diggs, only twice wore a suit Had sex in a group with a couple of bitches dance for loot See I'ma tell them niggas about spendin' all they loot Partyin' and trickin' on bitches and don't recoup I got my own version of roots Cracker ass nigga pickin' cotton and polishin' my Brooklyn Zoo boots The new news is Brooklyn Zoo Sunz and Two On Da Road, Blue, Crazy Cuffie Fam too [Prodical] Yo, I ain't tryin' to be on no forever broke shit So I made myself eatin' these streets where blood leak Me and my whole fleet smoke trees, blow heat, roll unique Do or die tactics, and keep us sharp on our feet, meak And all we do is make classics, CCF, the Unit Dirt Dog, the Zoo, Ghetto Government, get your ratchet 95% of them niggas is faggots, and I've had it up to here See our face this year, appear on your TV screen, we stay green Money makes the world go around, know what I mean-ean? New team, fresh and clean clean on your scene Now sing along, sing along, y'all know the theme-heme [Popa Chief {*singing*}] Now do or die, do or die, do or die, do or die (aarrgh, wooh) Now do or die, do or die, do or die, do or die (oohhh) [Hell Razah] Yeah, bitches wanna bone a nigga when your records is sellin' Labels don't play a nigga when they nuttin' but felons Young Razah got that hot shit that's under the Heavens GG'z poppin' grey goose feathers Prostitute cheddar, crashin' in whips with new leathers Bad models be on the dick that shy and strip Thinkin' we some gangsters, thugs, Bloods or Crips Watch who you sleep, shake hands and hustle with Why dream to be rich when I'm already rich? Two bars I spit got the hottest nigga pissed Chicks kiss the diamonds that twist on our wrist Brooklyn Zoo, S.O.M., Dirty Bast' shit, nigga Chorus x2 [Ol' Dirty Bastard (Buddha Monk)] I whip a nigga ass on hand and hand, you get flashed Whatever you do, I stop your ass My name is Isis, I kill you with a hiss I kill you with my motherfuckin' piss A matter of fact you kill yourself, nigga I crash ya stealth (See let a nigga come through with that bullshit) Yeah we ain't sayin nuttin' I never was familiar with bein' pussy I loved that shit 'til it's bloody [Buddha Monk] Hey yo hold up, you told me you liked that shit muddy and swampy And you gonna hit it from where (from the back door) This Fam right here, is the Fam right here And if you fuck with the Zoo you gon' get clapped right there For this CREAM nigga, I'll walk through Muddy Waters If he be call out, and rob your son and daughter Lintballz in my pocket and yours is real lumby Nah, Lay Down, gimme what you got G Split the pie three ways, live off it for three days And when it's done, who's the next victim today I'm trife nigga, and I don't live by BIBLE life  I yap the nigga ripe then stash a nigga right Yeah I did wanna do it and the Devil didn't make me Linballz in my pocket that made me stick them G'z Checkmate, pray to the Lord, your soul He take Then I hip into the rob for my Fam I just got 'im, nigga Chorus x2 [Outro: Brooklyn Zoo {Popa Chief}] Yeah yeah, huh huh (motherfucker) That's right, that's right, OK (alright) Yeah so {now you be knowin'} {Annihilate} {Get some papes like Bill Gates} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Zoo Two Typed by: ThaMasta@Rogers.Com [Ol Dirty Bastard] I'll grab and the mic and now I damage you, cut your whole stamina Here comes the medical examiner One verse then you're out for the count (Bring the ammonia) make sure he sniffs the right amount Wake him up and then I ask him Why did he intend this -- competition to get an ass kickin so tremendous Boy you shouldn't bother this Leave me alone like the (son said G or he'll be fatherless!) I got the asiatic flow mixed with disco Roll up on the scene like the Count of Monte Crisco and MC's start to vanish (I stepped up to a jet black kid, started speakin spanish!  Yo he wasn't from Panama  I asked him how he get so dark, the nigga said suntama!  He responded so fast, you made me laugh) Ha-ha-ha, HARARRRH (then I scared-his ass!) (Kick the hundred strongest rhymes   I brought out the punk in him  Caught him with a strong five deadly venom  Told him enter the Wu-Tang  Witness the Shaolin slang, that'll crush the shit you bring) I watch your ass take a big fall, why?! My Main Source, is like a friendly game of stickball And as you step up to bat man (I play the riddler) You try to do me for a rhyme (then I'll change to Hitler) Go out like Nazi; you'll be wishin your fuckin ass stayed home and played (Yahtzee!) Or watchin Happy Days sweatin (Poxie) with Ralphie and Richie Cunningham, Joni and (Chachi) Wu, who? Me gettin wreck so I'm through Like a ten and a half foot, gettin in a seven (shoe) (Now picture THAT with a Minolta) Have your ass doin some Night Fever shit like John Travolta I come strong I make knowledge born, I flip the script and rock on from P.M. (past the fucking Dawn) Pass the Hammer you're broke down, niggaz grab my what what Can't understand it here's the panaroma (A complete view of how I defeat you) Should of stepped to those fuckin kids who tried to (beat you) Yeah I bust that ass before (You ran to Texas and came back but forgot the chainsaw!) And want to perform a massacre Better be coming with some motherfucking shit that's spectacular Crush the person who did em, well you just better So I'm stepping to your (raggedy ass jetta) Put the pedal to the metal You and your DJ change your name to Ma and Pa Kettle as I (pass the bone, kicks your every measure) It's not a Newport but it's still live with pleasure (C'mon don't be silly, just a bag of sensimilli  Rolled up in a) Motown Philly (I used to write all the time when I smoked  Grab the mic, then I kinda like went for broke  With visually concepts strongest rhymes and biceps  Lyrically speakin, three to four rhymes then choke  Some think they be harmin this, claimin they be bombin this) But they still remains a-nom-ynous I pull strings like Jimi Hendrix Ride more beats that go backs to the days of Eddie Kendricks I teach the truth to the youth, I say (hey youth) Here's the truth, better start wearing (bullet proof) Arm yourself with a shield (Before you get trapped up) just like the Children in the Cornfield The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ C-Murder, E-40 Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Anybody * Typed by: KnowledgeGod@btinternet.com * original and remix have identical lyrics [Intro: C-Murder] Tytanic, let's wake 'em up, ya heard? Yeah, it's real out here Killa block notch, wit' the ODB NYC, CP-3, nigga, what? Let me ask you a question What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?) How you feel like my name now (How you feel 'bout me now?) How you feel like C now? What do you think about the ODB now? (What?) What do you think about the game now? (What you think about it now?) How you feel like my name now (How you feel about me now?) How you feel like my name now (I told you I wanted somethin') [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, bite that point, the habit apprievin' No hope to find, that you're misbehavin' Link your crupid, fuck your brewin' Flash the burgers on your crewin' Cuz the monks, skippin' from the other MC's I got the amazing ability I get on the mic so you can have a ball I could fly through the air and stick to the wall I could take a punch or get hit by a car Could go to the nearest or farthest star As a matter of fact it's what I won't talk about Pop a word out of trace just to be in the house [Chorus: E-40] So pimped out about my big spendish I got a 20, 6 O'Clock extra chrystall Anybody dat wanna pop off at the lip Anybody that wanna give me banana split It's only E-40, Murder in this bitch All the money motivated me to biatch Three soldiers from the East, South and West Street soldiers holdin' it down for they vets [C-Murder] I'm C-Murder, murder mass ten, I'm wit' the Dirty Bastard And my flows comin' faster than a jet to Alaska I ask ya how you feelin' my collabo' The CP3, the ODB from NYC the ghetto B Light it up, let it cook, look in the mirror, let me crush Don't worry about how it looks, put some momey on my books Only God can judge me now That's when I heard the click click, I was Christened I ain't with them are you wid that Let them whistles out them pistols Let loose on them troops and then shake 'em like Cherok smoke I slam dunk 'em like Shaq I wanna be free, I'm not guilty, do you feel me? Chorus [E-40] Hey sluggin', wanna hit this rock dowm (rock down) I only got one world, mane, I feel like take this to the thick of him Under there, got the smell, you do the hoe you hear Fuck it there, let me get a swig of that Thunder Bird OK, it's cute, it's squashed Now, no though mane, lets have a back wash Yeah you trippin', "no I ain't", yeah you is That boy spittin', what's his name? 40, quarter, biatch [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I stage a place, place stage a me I'm a vision of truth, just a true MC Love hiphop so much, mic won't untouched Thugs grow unbust, bitch won't get fucked Every 40 ounce cracked, every napsack packed Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass, the record gets scrapped Oh, the record gets scrapped, the record gets scrapped Chorus [Outro: E-40] And there you have it E-40 the bonzerelli The ballatician from the Soyo block soil Turf hall, been through it all Hard 'til we have it all (hard 'til we have it all) Ay look it's C-Murder and Ol'Dirty Bastard If you don't stay your ass out of trouble What's up boy? ODB We got the same motherfuckin' birthday Novermber the 12th to be exact motherfuckers What the fuck you drinkin'? Fortay Get 'em off this motherfucker.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Taking a Shit Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] This is the cleanest bathroom I've ever seen I'mma sit my shit down Uhh, ahhh, ahhh, oh shit *fart* uhh hold on, I'm good Take my shit, now, boy Nigga gotta shit! Nigga gotta shit! Ain't nothing wrong! What? What, wash the toilet bowl? That look clean to me Ahh, shit -- shit, lord Oh... damn... ahh, ahh, fuck, man Drinking too much of that damn wood, everytime Shit... mmm rush no shit... Ugh... ahh, damn... wipe my ass I don't know why they don't just put one of them protective covers over the seat Fuck I might catch some shit up in my ass The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Trials & Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: C'Mon Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Yo, are you taping baby? Baby are you taping? Ohh yeahhahhahheeyahhhyahhhhohhhyahhhh Baby baby c'mon, baby c'mon, baby c'mon What the fuck anybody wanna do? Right motherfucking now! Ahhahhahhhah [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm the God who's ahead of the Lords Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor Rhymes, hittin on your mind, you could never ignore Hip-hop to me is like a place to be My specialTY from me to you is emCEE Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby sayahh I flip the microphone-ah, any dayahh I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab Niggaz get mad, your ass stink never had this talent that I got will resound the spot MC's, you got paid a lot You ever notice a black man damn mostly slams When it come to the money yo it ain't funny It's what you gotta do what you got to do C'mon, can I get a Wu-Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, it's on your brain I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get on the dancefloor shotgun kill the shit BLAOW, then you won't step to me Thinking is he really raw as he said he'd be If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor You'd be like BOOOOO HE AIN'T NO HARDCORE Niggaz play like they live but won't survive Jumpin up and down ticklin that jive when you ticklin gab I'm an average man, G-O-D fan Let it be known who's the champ, Wu-Tang Clan! It's coming through and WU, boy it's bad too! Throw your hands in the air, if you don't care WHO, the Ol Dirty Bastard be oh me on my, you be hoppin on my shit just like a fly BZZZZZT, all around The dirtiest stinkin sound down to the ground What what, what you wanna do? What you wanna do when I'm coming for you? I'm gonna give it to ya, bayyybah, bayybah, bayybahhhahahahahahahahahahah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Insane Clown Posse Album: The Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones Song: Dirty and Stinkin' Typed by: DaTfamly@aol.com [Intro: O.D.B/Violent J/Female] Ya'll know how I get down..Ya know what I'm sayin (Dirty) Detroit (Dirty) What..Brooklyn..Zoo (Dirty) Yeah..What (Dirty) Insane Clown Posse and O.D.B. I got O.D.B and I got platinum baby what I ain't goin nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin' [Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard] (Yeah) There's a quarter and it's Dirty and Stinkin' Funkier than Peppy Le'Pue so I was thinkin' About (What) droppin' this single on the charts (Yeah) Let'n you know hey the kid has heart I never deny myself, its when you dope But in my last year, I had to slept on my notes  You thought that I was weak, Huh let me speak My rhymes come funkier than your grandfather's weeps (Dirty) So listen hear mister don't you ever forget The rhym'n Dirty, you couldn't even clean if you commit Or even boring, some try ajax, only mess with the best, 48 trackz (Yo) I get down with the a saw sound lyrics that be flowin from miiiiles around  So let the music shut yo' ass up and throw the upper cut that will make you fall onto yo butt [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 I wanna get Dirty and I (Dirty) wanna get Stinky And I (Stinky) ain't goin nowhere till I get (Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin'  (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin'  (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') [Verse 2: Ol' Dirty Bastard] (Dirty) Let me continue, verse number 2 style is wild dirty stinky like doo doo (Get Dirty) If you hangin' around, hen change yo' mind, It is a bad (?), Yo it's my rhyme I sit down and I say to myself Self, Yo are you rated top joe I drop a single for ya to get a dose of as I lay back like a pillow on the sofa  You get paid (Yeah right) Bully, Fly askin B.G. wha wha wha wha you know me (Dirty) Sweet as a hunny bee, taste like a 40, tick you like oohhwee Want to drink old english so I speak old english Ya gotta be dirty and stinkin' And if it's not, well I guess I'm not (?) , It's Dirty and It's Stinkin' [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky And I ain't goin nowhere till I (Nowhere, Nowhere) get Dirty and Stinkin'  (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I (What) ain't goin' nowhere until I'm (Yeah Yeah) Dirty and Stinkin'  [Violent J] O.Deezy. Beezy and I.C.Peezy Together on this track forever [Shaggy 2 Dope] Sell me, I know my funk be kickin' Turnin' heads like an 8 foot tropical mud chicken They fear these juggalo flows I'm (Dirty) dirty like Osama Bin Laden's toes I got hatchet love, it decayed in the barn hicken chain saw hard I'm making neighbors uncombortable (I wanna get Dirty and) Take me home and it's late don't worry bout the ring in ya tub It's the clown paint [Violent J] I.C.P. and O.Dizzle wildin Workin' like a fat chicks feet at Kings Island A whole Source 9 mics, I don't care I'm a 10 year vet 5 plaque rat millionaire (Yeah) [Chorus: Female Singer] x1 I wanna get Dirty and I wanna get Stinky And I ain't goin nowhere till I get (Till I) get Dirty and Stinkin' (It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') I got O.D.B. and I got I.C.P and I ain't goin' nowhere until I'm Dirty and Stinkin'  Oh Oh...Oh..Dirty..Oh...and Stinky.... (I) (I) (Stinky, Stinky)...(It's Dirty and It's Stinkin') Oh Damica (What I) I.C.P. O.D.B. (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty) (Dirty) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Pop Shots Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: DJ Premier (ODB samples)] Rest in peace, Ol' Dirty 	"See my name is the ODB" "The-the-the-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard w/ samples cut] As I poppppppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts As I po-a-opppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts [Ol' Dirty Bastard] '86 was the year that it started Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin' Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it You be sitting in the country, with like 3 or 4 charges Young when started, but I had a talent To get this past and drunk, cuz I took it as a challenge The older niggas game me much as I can handle Cop the eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit I'm feelin' clean, I was only thirteen With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans My name's spelled right on my four finger ring It was Dirt then, cuz McGirt you ain't seen 	"The Ol' Dirty Bastard" "Rollin...." [Chorus 2X w/ more samples cut] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Toe to toe, I scrap with the best If I spit ten rhymes, nigga, nine gon' connect If you in front of 1 or 2, I respect Cuz I probably just forgot, and wrote it strictly for my set Wu-Tang, man I love my set Niggas comin' up here, this is where the G's at Look here, more money, more problems, my ass You'se a naive cat, if you still believe that, for real That's a trick to try to keep you where you at All content, while niggas ridin' Bentley's and Maybach Think I'mma lay back, playa, forget it First hundred G's, I see, nigga, I'm tryin' to flip it And that's some real shit, not just a lyric Drop a couple open cases, not too specific Niggas out here tryin' to prove whose the realest It's ok to pop shit, but come a little different 	"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."  "The ODB" 	"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..." "The-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard" [Chorus 2X w/ more samples cut] 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "See my name is the ODB" [Chorus to fade w/ more samples cut] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Rhymefest Album: Osirus Song: Dirty Dirty Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Two steps from the border line Anything closer will kiss the nine Think I'm out the game? You out of your mind Cuz I stay on track, like transit line Keep it nappy or braided up Dirty in the cockpit, blazin' up Stop frontin' when you made it up Tellin' all my hoes, you can't spray it up Hah, huggin' nuts like tighty whites Still trickin' on hoes like Heidi Fleiss You know why niggas don't give you much respect Cuz they seen you gettin' slapped with the empty gat Know Dirt, like bow know death When I'm huntin' down, birds of rap Hate Dog, cuz I ate your cat And you can eat my ass and have a coke with that Use a spoon, unless you want a fork Pull my dick out, watch the room get dark Stay high with the zombie walk Gotta sit my ass down, like Rosa Parks [Chorus 2X: high pitched female (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Dirty Dirty, you tell me how you do it It look so easy, like there was nothin' to it But they don't understand, about the Dirty M.C. It's the.... (Ohhhhhhhhhh), new track by ODB [Rhymefest] They say dirt and sunshine make the flowers grow I say, fuck a bitch raw and drive your nut on the floor Call it what you want, you son of a hoe I was 5 percent til' white bitches came and dropped it down to four 3, 2, 1, I can lick the sun with my tongue Pull it out and smack a nigga, just for thinkin' I'm done Shut your trap, razor blade cut your wrap Fat girls seen my comin', started tuckin' their flab Rhymefest and Dirt Dog, gon' spark this The day he got to heaven, track mud on the carpets Hot like the hot potato, you niggas ain't motto You hot as the spot, yo Go to the show, for hot dogs and nacho's This me and Dirt Dog's style, it's not yours [Chorus 2X} [Ol' Dirty Bastard] What can make a hoe, look more cuter But, Hennessey shots, and smoke more Buddha [Rhymefest] I don't know Dirt, now she look like Zab Judah Test my manhood, go get my dick ruler [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now you hungry, wanna eat right through her But you better first track for a noter Like does she have a best friend, or I taught her Has she ever tried fuckin' under water [Rhymefest] Down down with the fishes, deep sea dishes I ain't a genie, bitch, I don't respect your wishes This trick ain't fuckin' me though, god damn Something very wrong, I don't understand [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Misinterpetate, let me break it down Two pulls make the your merry go round Touch your toes, show me that rose Butt naked, in a Wu-Tang pose Wide open, girl, everything goes Real freaky, when you powder that nose [Rhymefest] Keep it and move, I sleep in the nude I'm keepin' it rude, pull out my dick and pee in the food On the way to the stars, don, where's the map? We fuckin' there, and we gonna fuck back [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Rhymefest] Yeah, Dirt Dog, Rhymefest, you want it, man Rest in peace, I know you heaven right now Trackin' mud on the carpet, so, we gon' let ya Do what you do it's the ohhhhhhh Don't forget the crew, it's the Wuuuuuu I thought you knew, it's the Ol' Dirt Dog Rhymefest, yeah yeah, from now to 3000, man What's rap with Dirty? What's the world without Dirt? Just a bunch of fuckin' water, ohhhhhhhhh We out.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Blah Bloomberg Album: Osirus Song: Go Go Go Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo East New York in this motherfucker, Blahzay Blah in this motherfucker Brooklyn in this motherfucker, Dirt Dog in this motherfucker, it's on point [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Come on baby let me you jump, let me see you body rhythm pump Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go [Blah Bloomberg] Aiyo, my timin' is so precise, gangsta all my life I don't get robbed, I control the heist Cold as ice, still nothing, this whole device Life's a gamble, so I roll the dice I camed up, still I'm up and coming Auto start, put on my sneaks, truck is running Bad broads, that's beyond Beyonce Eatin' on my body like a dinner entree What ya'll critics gonna say, don't even risk it Forget Pillsbury, eat this Blah Blah biscuit Ya'll watered down the game, man, like bar liquor It's nothin' for me, I just buy the bar quicker Oh my God, nigga, I'm in the house, and I'm rowdy He been doin' this since five thousand on an Audi Remember "Danger!" Yo, ya'll know Blah This is grown under water, ya'll ain't even in my sonar [Chorus: Blah Bloomberg (Ol' Dirty Bastard sample)] The east is in the house like (danger) About to, turn it out like "Oh My God" (danger) Put the barrel in your mouth like (danger) I see the dipper through a blouse, it's "Oh My God" (danger) Me and Dirty on the floor like (danger) Me and Dirty pimpin' ho's like "Oh My God" [Ol' Dirty Bastard] So then you act like you love my little baby And you know that I act a little crazy [Hook] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm on the streets lingo, spendin' the spingo Eazy-E lingo, doin' the dango, the vet' don't wear Kangol I dare pump my shit, at the club, actin' strange, yo Smack ya'll niggaz in the face, yo Got wiggas in the place, yo, block party in this motherfucker I'm the only round actin' like sucka, sucka bitch ass pucker So don't play this motherfucker, or watch you bird clucker So don't let yourself break yourself With the sip and tumble, that will take yourself I move with that heat that smoke you in your head, man The shit war, time to take, man, take man [Hook] [Blah Bloomberg] East/West beef is over, gettin' money all over Set up shop in Cali, then one in deli Dover Music, or sellin' crack by the Grove I ain't talkin' about dick, but I'mma stock it to hoes I'm not gonna grow, I'm the type to explode Hit this song to walk back in it, then it's gon' be white gold Eatin' wild timing, ya'll know it's my title I burn more bushes than Moses in the Bible But hates gon' Holly, pimpin's gon' Broadway So many pimps, broads don't know who to pay But ya'll better have my dough Come on baby, just go go go Yo, I once was lost, but now I flaunt 2004 Porsche, all you haters get off I will board-to-the-board, the-hang-the-hang Down to the ground, to the ground, they bang, they bang [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Who Can Make it Happen Like Dirt? Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] This is dedicated, to allllllll you bitch assssssss [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Who can make it happen like Dirt? Bury motherfuckers like Dirt? A Dirty for drama, get's worse Who can make it happen like Dirt?, tell me [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Standin' over bodies with a shovel Standin' over bad, til my beef all settle On another level, cuz I dance with the Devil Then I slap a bitch in the eye, with the bezzle Starin' at ice, so my nine stare back Then I shoot first, so you won't shoot back Criminal thoughts, sippin' on Similac If I walk with a limp, then it's pimp tag scrap On sundown, you gonna eat these rounds Roll on the bitch ass, with the tops dropped down Dirty stay focused on the bend, deep nigga Then I will offend, who offend me, nigga [Chorus 2X] [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Who can make it happen like Dirt? Bury motherfuckers like Dirt? When the cavalry come, and you face these guns Who can make it happen like Dirt? [Ol' Dirty Bastard] If you sittin' beside me in the church One hand on the bible, on hand on your purse Fuckin' the deacon's wife, like I'm Judas Y'all thank God, while me and my stank, do this Had her online like desktop computers We ran the train, like rush hour commuters Pack a pussy, like porn stars, yea, ya'll Who can make it happen, Dirt Dog, the rock star Bury motherfuckers who come, so stay far I can send a bullet back to when, ya'll start war Who can make it happen like Dirt? Who can get it clappin' like Dirt? Who can make it happen like Dirt? [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Who can make it happen like Dirt? Bury motherfuckers like Dirt? When the cavalry come, and you face these guns Who can make it happen like Dirt? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Black Rob Album: Osirus Song: High in the Clouds Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I wanna stay high in the clouds I wanna keep plenty of pussy around I'm gonna keep puttin' in bullets in pocket Just in case, it's goin' down I'm a Brooklyn soldier, yes, I'm is If you lookin' for a problem, here it is I'm worser than the cross and bones, and that's danger I don't give a fuck, what beef it is [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now I'mma get serious, pussy don't talk, went the heat come out Niggaz sleep on Dirty, til the street come out I like fame, but lockdown changed the nigga Now it's all about the gauge, on the stage for nigga Cuz haters wanna shoot, everything that shine So I'm prepared, to lock and load my rhymes Eat, two at a time, while my mind is bent And dare motherfucker, come with Brook' with that I be rollin' on the Boulevard, nothin' better rush I'm like Big Ben with my middle finger up Sidewalk hash, make thugs relax Got a team that could vile your habitat More gritty than Diddy, cause my hair's uncombed Streets I roam, are too hot to throw on poems Feel like L.A. blocks, home, when the yay is yo Gotta rob a motherfucker when the day is slow [Black Rob] Uh, pussy doctor, four-four cocker Platinum, baby, ya'll niggaz is goin' copper I'm down in Bad Boy South with the nigga Chopper Programmed to blow shit up, like Dennis Hopper Hella pointed, hop out the helicopter It's L.A.X. for the weed, it's hella proper I rap, but still stick hoes for door knockers And if she's persistent, block her, block her, block her Infered, I call it the show shocker It's M.S.G., with Jay-Z, the show stopper And this is for them gangsta dudes, know you boppin' That take dough, and don't take shorts for no coppers My team are life stoppers, watch me split ya life up Like Mekhi Phifer, in the movie "Clockers" And just for doing the thing, they try to lock us Wanna find me? I'm layin' the back with the pill poppers [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Dirty Run Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Hold on tight and don't let go Baby, I'm about to explode... [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] It's Dirty Run, when you see me coming high Nine times out of ten, don't wonder how It's Dirty Run, it's Dirty Run, no more vacancies I'm a minute from feeling no sympathy When you see me coming high It's nine times out of ten, you will wonder how It's Dirty Run, it's Dirty Run -- "Run" -- Run-DMC sample I'm a minute from feeling no sympathy [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Bitches be actin' like they so damn fine That's why I fuck 'em at the drop of a dime Needle dick niggaz, go fuck a needle Before I squash a John Lennon, like a Beetle Dirt McGirt, Mr. McGirt to the hoes Stinkin' rich, cover your mouth and your nose Man of my codes, it's old man, dig it? Sometimes rockin' went, and Dirty might kick it Damn, your takers, that's the type to flight To get any more suck, how niggaz dick through a flint Big pimp, watch the fur bad A hundred lick, hundred lick, hundred lick fabulous Bring it like a bus full of travelers Turn it up so the cops will get mad at us Swear to God, we're the trouble, you imagine us Cuz the news only exploit the bad in us When, turn it down a little Cuz the ground is startin' to crack a little [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Diamond, baby, in the time and place When your legs get tired, you can sit on my face And touch me, tease me, feel me, caress me Hold on tight and don't let go, baby I'm about to explode.. Take that bitch for bite, my name Dirt Dog not cake with ice, bitch Fuck bitin', when there's so much pussy If you ain't into ass, then pimp 'em for the cash Come quick, turn the camera on So whose that rippin' off your mama's thong? Dirty, creep out your back door, nigga With my shoes untied, zippin' up my zipper The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Cappadonna Album: Osirus Song: Stand Up Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ghostface Killah sample (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] New York City stand up, Staten Island stand up New York City stand up (don't you bother me, don't you bother me) New York City stand up (old school style g.) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You nothin' but fallen stars, I see it on ya'll Appear bizarre, Ol' Dirty boulevard I've known global law, take his head Ceasar Got babies like caviar, growin' evening star God bless the dead, Tupac Shakur You can't divide war, this slim galore Arabian flow, at nine a gigolo With a bad hot hoe, only cocaine up the nose Incognito, defeat me, how so? Rap K'd O, money green playin', go Long ago, Protect Ya Neck video Made me blow, on rap radio (Wu, Wu) [Chorus 2X: Ghostface Killah sample] Staten Island stand up, New York City stand up New York City stand up, New York City stand up [Hook 2X] "For the ladies who know me, tell me how the fuck I be" ODB 	"Dirty..." - Kelis [Cappadonna] Brooooklyyyyyyyyyyn Zu, came through with the baby blue Me and my brother Dirt Dog Mama made breakfast today, with no hog We hustle in the street, niggaz ain't fuckin' with Wu, so roll deep Born God Body with the vest of heat When the Bee Sting hit, niggaz move they feet Yo, we banned from the club, you best to not sleep Keep somethin' on the waves, thug passion with the Alize's Smack 85 percenters, right in they face On some black pimpin' shit, like my dun-dun Huey God Squad in the building, big bags of ooey Push the phat shit like Dutch Tsasui RZA bring all the shit, fuck these clowns Ason Unique, yeah baby, hold me down Original tag team, S.I. City Ain't nothin' sweet kid, ain't nothin' pretty Wu-Tang Forever, kid, keep it gritty [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Call me Osirus, lyrical virus Ol' school fire, straight from lockdown Wu-Tang veteran, straight from lockdown O.D.B., now with Roc now [Hook 2X] [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oh baby, dedicated to all the pretty girls All the pretty girls in the world, and the ugly girls too Cuz to me you pretty anyway, baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Don't Stop Ma (Out of Control) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Chops] You listening to a Chops production And MB's the click, ODB, Dirt McGirt, tell 'em [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, roof is on fire, bitch, put it out Out of control, flames spinnin' out When you get real deep, dig it out When you rollin' up the L, pig it out Pop the cork, respect, pour it out White Horse in the house, roll it out If it's goods on the wood, throw 'em out I'll be there, pop, you can dig it out [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Dirt Dog, want the red rug, roll it out You saw the grip, and I ain't ashamed to pull it out My fault, cuz you said you gonna bring it out And you know it ain't comin', til I'm singin' out Oh, don't stop ma, got my legs shakin' here, don't stop ma You'se a real freak girl, gotta give you props Cuz I feel the bam bam when my bed rock [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Rollin' on your stair, bitch, pick her out Out of control, and can't slut her out Big girls, you can get it, no doubt You jumpin' off, with the pretty little mouth Don't expect to trip down south Uh-uh, and relay in my baby mama house Let's fuck, girl, time's running out Mama be home at five, on the dot [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Fuckin' up my party, bitch, throw 'em out Out of control, my name, wide 'em out Fill the arenas, the Roc, sell 'em out Get mad shit on the curb, and pout When I left the Billboards, what drought Serious thought, for those who wanna doubt Move with felony niggaz, that just came out And thunders that be spittin' in heavy, like four pounds The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Royal Flush Album: Osirus Song: If Y'all Want War Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Royal Flush, Dirt McGirt And we don't give a fuck whose in here tonight Somebody's gon' get shot, bastards! [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Royal Flush)] If ya'll want war (ya'll want war?) Let's get it on (let's get it on) Cuz we don't care (ya'll know we don't care) Where ya'll from (wherever ya'll from) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, you go one shot, two shot, three shot, four That's how I'm soundin' when I'm shootin' down your door Five shot, six shot, seven shot, eight That's for all them niggaz, that I catch at the wait Nine shot, ten shot, eleven shot, twelve Them four shots, gonna keep me outta jail I be, damned if I fail, BK know me well And take your precint to war, before I take a fall [Hook 2X: Royal Flush] Y'all don't really wanna fuck with us Cuz you know we gon' shoot shit up Don't waste bullets on your house and truck Wait til' we see you, then we hit you up [Chorus 2X] [Royal Flush] And I ain't got no time, to talk to none of ya'll niggaz You tough, then you get shot, you turn to snitchers And them niggaz that you runnin' with, become your witness Man, I'm good with my aim, dog, I hit you from a distance No, look, this is the difference, like special ed., you on a mission Too eager to glisten, when your mom talked you should of listened Take out the trash, do the dishes, now she gotta bury a son Got hit with a gun, just convicted homicide [Hook] [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Black Keith Album: Osirus Song: Pussy Keep Calling Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] You want this Dirty long, you want this shit You want it, you need it You want this Dirty long, you want this shit You want it, you need it...... [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Don't need muscle, cuz Barry got a gun Nighttime, still blaze like sun Book the residence, worry bout none Chillin' with believer, drinkin' zero proof rum Darker is better, cuz the dick's well done Be a good girl, let you taste what I'm from Baby, I'm the man, with the frame: well hung Cuz a squirrel, is a squirrel til a squirrel get a nut Get a butt, like an ashtray, point it out, I eat her Til the 6, been callin', sayin, "nah, I don't wanna meet her" In the ass, to some Pendergrass, after smokin' grass Fuck her fast like a rabbit, I'm a sex fiend addict I'm a sex fiend addict, I'm a sex fiend addict [Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard (sample) {Black Keith}] You want this good looking muthafucka Cuz I'm a good looking muthafucka, girl You want this Dirty long, you want this shit You want it, you need it.. (It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good) 2X {Keep calling me...} {Pussy keep calling me} [Ol' Dirty Bastard] If she's layin' in my sheets, she's the freek of the week Seen it all, done it all, lick my balls with her tongue Got my toes curled up, like I'm sayin' right on If you wanna ride home, let me call you a cab Cuz the next bitch coming, might be coming in the cab Like licking, you can chill, if you ain't, you can escape Cuz the friend's coming with her, and she can participate After Mardi Gras, I meet 'em in titty bars Take 'em home, and bend 'em, and fill 'em with Dirty long Cock strong dick diesel, when I stand like an easel Come sit on Mini Me, and put a smile on Dr. Evil Got some sunshine, leavin' my girl behind The kind of pussy that start up a conga line Pussy callin', I be pickin' it up Pussy robber, I be stickin' it up When I leave the ringer off, I be missin' a nut I be missin' a nut, I be missin' a nut [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (sample) {Black Keith}] Yo, you get your friends, and I'mma get my friends And we gonna smoke some shit, and we gonna do this shit You know what I'm sayin', we gonna go wild like animals and run loose in this muthafucka (It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good It's so doggone good, it's so doggone good) 2X {Keep calling me...} Yeah, you like it when I go deep, baby, it's that Dirty long baby Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, come all in that pussy {Pussy keep calling me} Aiyo, hold on, hold on for a second {pussy keep calling me} (I wanna keep on, checkin' on you, yeah.... I got to know everything you do Cuz you're lovely, love that you that, hey hey hey, you so doggone good) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Down South Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you (We about to hurt somethin' up in here) [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Them down south niggaz been loved Dirt Take a shot to the head, if you been through the worse Show respect to your niggaz, who been doin' it first And be comin' with that shit, I'm just doin' the work [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit one verse And leave in a New Benz burst Take a trip down south and put some hoes to work, you hear me [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Dirt McGirt, you niggaz gon' respect it I'm drunk and crunk so don't come in my direction I'm ready to thump, and get the whole crew arrested Bail 'em out, and laugh about it in Texas, yo [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] And get with Rome, down in Caki-Lac And hit the spot, in the hood where the houses at Where the shootin' and the fightings and the stabbings at Where the Lincolns and the Chevys and the Cadi's at, shit [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Baby Sham Album: Osirus Song: Caked Up Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Baby Sham)] Yo, this Dirt McGirt representin' Brooklyn We gettin' ready to wreck shit up, downtown, uptown (Boroughs, ya'll niggaz better know it's something) Wu-Tang, bitch (Get ya fuckin' head punched ya fuckin' shoulders, duke This is how we do, everyday, blast through your motherfuckin' speaker, nigga) Bastards! [Chorus: Baby Sham] Uh, we be so caked up, ya'll best wake up It's just us and we livin' this up We sip that cognac, then lean far back It's just us, and we flippin' the truck Don't be so gassed up, be foul, assed up When them coroners, pickin' you up First you was in a black tux, now you all axed up You smashed what, like you givin' it up [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm good with them free throws, like I play ball When the war is on, it's McGirt that you call The last man standing, heavy with the cannon Come through on a bike, with a bulletproof, prancin' Leave you in your pearl, put you on the porch, dancin' And leave your brains on the back of a white shirt While they playin' some old school shit by Al and Bert (To all my bitches that smell like perfume, Dirt McGirt be here for you baby) I'm not gonna stop til I'm under the dirt [Baby Sham] You can never be as half as me Cuz one thing'll lead to another, cock sucker, melt ya knees And make sure that your casket's deep Cuz my trigger finger's itchin' like Athlete's feet So stand wise, when you meet the chief And watch your movements in the circle of the ultra-beast I'm that nigga that'll culture speak Whose gon' ride, whose gon' die, divorce your peeps It get's worse on the down reaking So please, dog, do you a favor, move from around me Cuz I set my boundaries, you wanna know where I'm from Ask Bust' where he found me, true B Paper chasin', Franklin' raping And for sure, I'm gonna make my statement And believe that the shit is taken Cuz the gun, playin' long, like vacations [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] We lay the law down, motherfucker Big Moses in the motherfucker house Any way that nigga go out, that's how the nigga go out Grand capo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Fuck Y'all Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Why ya'll always be talkin' shit (I'm comin') You're always talkin' shit (want me I'm come? We coming) Why ya'll always be talkin' shit (I'm comin') You're always talkin' shit (want me I'm come? We coming) Shit (we coming, we coming!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm the nigga walkin' through the Hill, with the gun out Lookin' for the big mouth, showin' off in front of bitches Talk about Dirt, leave you lumped up in stitches Dig a lotta ditches, for you six feet spitters Put the barrel in ya mouth, I'm the shell case shitter Masquerade paid, stay on the front page Playin' on streets, like streets was arcade My hand's all sprayed, like Charles blades the gensu Feel the lucy, and spark up the neptune Resurrect them, to dawn on, protect 'em Outside set up, guess who inject them Walk through zoo, but no Zu, is Brooklyn Heavy artillery, thug chains in Brooklyn Strapped in the back of the Ac', Dirty rose like that That's a Crooklyn fact, find Dirty And you find where the cash is at, fuck y'all [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Why ya'll always be talkin' shit (fuck y'all) Everytime I hear you talkin' shit (fuck y'all) And anytime I hear you talkin' shit Will be the last thing that you be talkin', shit (fuck y'all) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Spit fire like a livewire, the messiah Take you higher than the last hit, mental obstacle In pussy logic, gynecolagist you can swallow Cuz it' O.D.B., bitch! Bring it like the Warrior, on the Deacon Explosive rap game, like a Meth thing Spit acid, the Ol' Dirty Bastard Pull like coast, to toast it, while I'm acid Ten stories up, penthouse, only us Meanwhile I'mma strain, what I can't clutch Fresh, wild and bold like the Cold Crush Purple haze keep a nigga with the robut (fuck y'all) On the major when the bitch slap, giddy up I'm an ass man, but I tear the titty up Tear ya whole city up, bring it if you grittier Dirty ain't so pretty, even when the legs are levetated Escalated, cuz I'm made of Baby Jesus Welfare card expired, so I need this Dirty rose like that, that's a hood fact Find Dirty and you'll find where the cash at [Chorus 5X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Cardan, Drag-On, Jae Millz, The Lenox Ave. Boyz, Terra Blacks Album: Osirus Song: Move Back Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: E-Snaps] Aww, man, yeah, Lenox Ave. Boyz Aww, man, come on, yea, yeah, yo [E-Snaps] You doin' what you doin', let's get it Starvin' and you robbin', and you catch a nigga slippin', best get 'em Hit 'em where the good Lord split him Introduce myself, go booth yourself In the far left lane, and I'm, hydro planed And I'm, slingin' my 'caine, don't care how you feel Checkin' out the truck, check the wheels Wanna get fucked, bitch kneel, let me splash in your grill Who but me? Muthafuckin' right, get it right Papi of this motherfuckin' thing, truck tight Rollin' with my niggaz, we ain't lookin' for no fights Now pop one in your head, that's all she said It's time to get head in my Mercedes-Benz Chipped up and I ain't even talkin' bout my jams Clipped up, so any nigga frontin', gettin' banned Give 'em all ten in his chin, I'm all in [Chorus 4X: Meeno] Move back, move back, you can't fuck with me, huh I'm from the click called N.I.B [Meeno] Next up, I believe that's me Meeno, get it right, no descrempancy Always keep a weapon, see, run it ground Worth of stones, nothin' less on me, why you stress on me Niggaz mad cause I stretch my D., ya'll dudes want my recipe? Here's what ya'll do, hit the lab, write an album or two Then I might let you sign my shoe, that's just how I do Everybody sayin', boy too souped up Nah, I'm just hot, plus Bentley Coup'd up Who put, you too busy holdin' the stoupe up Ya'll fault your broke, and not mine, stupe'a I'm like Juve', I need it in my life Got fifty birds flyin' in, later on tonight Rock and I hustle, so I get paid twice Life is a gamble boy, roll your dice [Chorus 4X] [Tony Wink] Who you know spit flows, get dough like I In the L.A.B.'s, motherfucker, no lie Hit the links I've seen, back in late '95 Had to wait for two nine, rockin' and clickin' on both sides Of course we gon' ride, ride over the competition The real has arrived, ya'll bitch niggaz is finished All I gotta do is Nextel tag my lieutenant Your whole click will get toe tagged tagged in two minutes This to them fools thinkin' they gon' catch the God slippin' I'm always on point and I'm always packin' my weapon You see me in the club, believe me, I got the tech in I slipped the DJ a guard, you slipped it in with the records Either you love it or hate it, but bet you gon' respect it Rainbow glow, when the lights hit off the necklace I'm what you can't be, young, black, rich, and wreckless It's the god free, and L.A.B.'s, one two, check it [Chorus 2X] [Interlude: Jae Millz] Remix! Huh, yeah, it's 101, what? You know what it is when you hear that, Harlem Fix ya face or smacked in it, Harlem Harlem, right here, Harlem You gon' stupid if you don't bounce to this man You gonna only look like a hater, huh-huh Lenox Ave. Boyz, what up, it's only right They know what it is, man, remix [Jae Millz] Move back, its no touchin' me, I'm from that place called NYC H Dub to the death, and I don't give a fuck what party it is I'm still in the club wearin' sweats (hah) Milk ears with the money colored check Ill two step, blowin' dubs with the best Live life, most hated, with my Lenox Ave. Boyz Remix, Move Back, with Grease providing all the noise Huh, your home boy game so raw And I ain't even gotta say my name no more Haters wanna give my name to the law But punchin' and kickin', to kick us all, they can blame you for Might catch me in the 'Lac with Snaps Or lightin' sticky green 'dro, with Wink and Meeno You from the hood and you ain't no coward, well me neither And before you step on my sneaker, I really think you need to (move back, move back) [Drag-On] This your boy to the dash Same nigga, no talkin', just result to the mass I stab niggaz, throw the hawk in the trash Peroxide my bullets, give the burners a bath Three fifty Z, burnin' the Ave I'm old school, I still got the fiends burnin' the glass I pull the pump off my waist, and dumb in your face I'm a little bit too hard for the radios to play I still can spit eighty miles an hour in a verse And my Coupe go eighty miles an hour in reverse I let my tool go, ya'll niggaz just studio killas Nigga, I'mma killa in the studio I got guns that'll hollow a wall Point it to your jaw, make you swallow it all Ya'll niggaz want hardcore? What the fuck you think the R, and Full Surface and D-Block is for? [Cardan] They ask, who's that, that's P-Cardi And what he in, what he in, he in a Fer-rari You know I'm strapped, you know I'm strapped, I got the heat on me And what I'm wearin', and what I'm wearin', a long Bigari Thinkin' I'm Joe Clark, nigga, try to 'lean on me' But if he is, like Biggie said, 'he gon' bleed' Niggaz ain't hard, niggaz heart full of creatine But go against that, green, I go against your, brain And don't fuck with me and the kid, I've been a daddy all my life No 'dro, we gon' blow that alley all day, say what Act stupid, we gon' it crackin' here tonight Greasin', Meen' on the front, with Snappy on my right If rap don't work, nigga, we go to the kitchen Those ain't hoes, so then you know we ain't pimpin' I'm on, my toes, so nigga, no, I ain't slippin' Too close, hold somethin', or now I know Cardy didn't [Terra Blacks] And if he know, what keep me little Think you know, I think it later See me, and my guns come to, just like a waiter You up north, singin' just like Anita Baker Make up your mind, then come and ready, feen to meet your maker The man that laugh last, will surely laugh harder Me have a gonna shut up and eat bars, and all of the prankster With them and I for black gangster (huh, I'm from the click called N.I.B.) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] But drunk, when he hop inside, in the club gettin' tired Bitches scatter all around me, ready to excite it All these kittens got me flea bitten, eatin' out my mitten I'm comin' off top, my moves are unwritten Now slitter to the snake, in the spring time wither But strong on my own, Wu-Tang, I'm forever Women desirin', jobs is hiring Money admiring, never keep tiring Rhymin' ain't nothin', the easiest job ever And I'm doing mine, holdin' it together While money quadruple, from playin' the cripple Drinkin' from a titty nipple, sippin' on ripple Blunt keep on flippin', from keep gettin' dippin' The mic I'm rippin', the record skippin' The pussy drippin', the wet got me slippin' The bitch I'm strippin', I'm platinum shippin' [Chorus 4X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Fire (Dirty Dirty Alt. Mix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Two steps from the border line Anything closer will kiss the nine Think I'm out the game? You out of your mind Cuz I stay on track, like transit line (FIRE!) Keep it nappy or braided up Dirty in the cockpit, blazin' up (FIRE!) Stop frontin' when you made it up Tellin' all my hoes, you can't spray it up (FIRE!) Hah, huggin' nuts like tighty whites Still trickin' on hoes like Heidi Fleiss (FIRE!) You know why niggaz don't give you much respect Cuz they seen you gettin' slapped with the empty gat (FIRE!) Know Dirt, like bow know death When I'm huntin' down, birds in rap (FIRE!) Hate Dog, cuz I ate your cat And you can eat my ass and have a coke with that (FIRE!) Use a spoon, unless you want a fork Pull my dick out, watch the room get dark (FIRE!) Stay high with the zombie walk Gotta sit my ass down, like Rosa Parks [Chorus: sample (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it) FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Ohhhhhhhhh) FIRE, FIRE-FIRE, FIRE (Let me hear it, ohhhhhhhhhhh) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] What can make a hoe, look more cuter But, Hennessey shots, and smoke more Buddha (FIRE!) Now you hungry, wanna eat right through her But you better first track for a noter (FIRE!) Like does she have a best friend, or a daughter Has she ever tried fuckin' under water (FIRE!) Misinterpetate, let me break it down Two pulls make the your merry go round (FIRE!) Touch your toes, show me that rose Butt naked, in a Wu-Tang pose (FIRE!) Wide open, girl, everything goes Real freaky, when you powder that nose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clinton Sparks f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Maybe You Been Brainwashed Song: Pop Shots (Sparks Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] None of you, nuh, betta look at funny Nuh, you know my name now -- ODB [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (sample)] As I poppppppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!) As I po-a-opppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] '86 was the year that it started Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it You be sittin in the county, with like 3 or 4 charges Young when started, but I had a talent To get this package off, cause I took it as a challenge So older niggaz game me much as I can handle Copped the eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen with the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans My name spelled out on my four finger ring It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen (Yeah yeah yeah, alright let's get into it right now) Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang [Chorus 2X - over "Wu, Tang"] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Toe to toe, I scrap with the best If I spit ten rhymes, nigga, nine gon' connect If you in front of one or two, I respect Cuz I probably just forgot, and wrote it strictly for my set Wu-Tang, man I love my set Niggaz comin up here, this is where the G's at - look here More money, more problems, my ass Youse a naive cat, if you still believe that, for real That's a trick to try to keep you where you at, all content While niggaz ridin Bentleys and Maybachs Think I'ma lay back playa, forget it First hundred G's I see, nigga, I'm tryin' to flip it And that's some real shit, not just a lyric Got a couple open cases, not too specific Niggaz out here tryin to prove whose these realest It's okay to pop shit, but come a little different Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang [Chorus 2X - over "Wu, Tang"] [scratched] "ODB" - cut it up 	"Recognize I'm a fool, and you love me!" [repeat 4X] Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella [Outro] Cli-Clinton Sparks "Get get familiar! Smash Squash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Osirus Song: Straight from Lockdown (Stand Up Remix) * Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com * bonus track on international versions of album [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Straight from lockdown... don't you bother me, don't you bother me Ol' Dirty Bastard, Dirt McGirt, old school style Roc-a-Fella, Wu-Tang [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You nothin' but fallen stars, I see it on ya'll Appear bizarre, Ol' Dirty boulevard I've known global law, take his head Ceasar Got babies like caviar, growin' evening star God bless the dead, Tupac Shakur You can't divide war, this slim galore Arabian flow, at nine a gigolo With a bad hot hoe, only cocaine up the nose Incognito, defeat me, how so? Rap K'd O, money green playin', go Long ago, Protect Ya Neck video Made me blow, on rap radio Record sales overflow, set up in Ontario Kill the Navajo, bustin' pistacchio On a high plateau, the shit's a rodeo How I bully the shit, and make this nigga blow [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Call me Osirus, lyrical virus Ol' school fire, straight from lockdown Wu-Tang veteran, straight from lockdown O.D.B., now with Roc now [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I rock a forty block, I shit mash dead lock I'm bitches as peacock, you can't hold the money block Unorthodox, know his ice, by quotin' 2Pac Rap box, who do you think solid by, movin' chicken pox Who walk knocks, equal not The slickest movin' the hot, on your boom box Sold major xerox, pussy is remote control Cuz of the bank role, M.C.'s more black hole My pockets cholesterol, pussy arouser Take 'em off like trausers, the eyebrowser Moses, move like Jehovah, rappers a four-leaf clover Get this money, like Oprah, in the yellow range rover, push over Sippin' in our frozen, like I'm ship closing Til you see fucked up, cuz I'm exposing All this Wu-Tang shit, comin' at your war Moving see-saw, on the Billboard charts, ya'll [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Missy Elliott Album: A Son Unique Song: Lift Ya Skirt Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Turn it up! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] One nigga, two nigga, three nigga, four One of you niggas is about to get fucked up It's the Ol' Dirt McGirt, live and uncut Live and uncut, ready to bust a nut Like when I first came home, I boned Simone Fucked her so hard, pussy started to groan Seven in the morn', woked up and yawned The bitch scrambled my eggs, she wrote me a song (Sing it!) It's all because of Dirt Dog That the reason I took my skirt off You went away -- now I'm back with (what?) And this is where the bullshit stop Plus these voices in my head, want me to go back Pick up your guns, don't take your Prozac Ritalin, Codelin, Zoloft, cocaine Wu-Tang, nigga, it's the new John Coltrane (hahahaha) [Chorus: girl (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man If you can't do it, then no one can (Mr. McGirt, gonna get you dirty Lift up your skirt, I'm gonna get you dirty) Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man If you can't do it, then no one man (It's the (what) in the house, gonna get you dirty The Wu-Tang Clan gonna get you dirty) [Missy Elliott] I hopped on the scene, spit sixteen bars lean Cross your face like a smear of Mabeline Wet jeans, get rised, ecstatic clean Is it cuz my sex feel like you on morphine They-they think, I'm so much I talk tough, burn your mouth and handcuffs Makin' hits, I'm making paper, cake it up Lookin' haters in the face, like 'nigga what?' Now scream, how many of these muthafuckas respect me Cuz I'm the only chick who freak any beat So pack it up, with that O.D.B. Oh, it's a bad bitch... Shame on a nigga, who, who tried, to run game On a nigga, like a gold digger I pull my trigger, I bet my gun bigger Now how ya'll figure, that's how ya die quicker [Ol' Dirty Bastard] A Son, what? what? [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Die, drin', die, come on This is strictly for the radio Yo... can't stop... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Lil' Fame Album: A Son Unique Song: Pop Shots (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Cno Evil [Intro: DJ Premier] + (ODB samples) Rest in peace, Ol' Dirty 	"See my name is the ODB" "The-the-the-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard w/ samples cut] As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts As I pooooooooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Eighty-six was the year that it started Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin' Back then, they had to catch it with narcotics Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it You'd be sittin in the county with like 3 or 4 charges Young and started, but I had a talent To get this package off, cause I took it as a challenge So older niggas gave me much as I can handle Copped the Eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans My name spelled out on my four finger ring It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen 	"The Ol' Dirty Bastard" "Rollin...." [Chorus w/ samples] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Toe to toe, I scrapped with the best If I spit ten rhymes, nigga nine gon' connect [Lil' Fame] Crime time, one-seven-one-eight Marxmen Chill Dirty I got this [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Tell 'em who the fuck I be [Lil' Fame] F-I, Z, Z-Y Famesta bitch; duke you ain't heard, you fuckin with Weird Al Yankovich, Brook-nam bangers See y'all niggaz still boppin to bullshit, that ain't the shit Shame on a nigga that tried to run game on a nigga Then, tuck in his chain on a nigga I thought you used to pop that thang thang on a nigga And air blocks out like bang bang on a nigga You pussy, fuck the shit you talkin duke Cause everybody can smell it when yo' punk ass walkin duke Get it right, it's the Ol' Dirty Bastard With them old dirty bastards, from Brownsville, motherfucker 	"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..." "The ODB" 	"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..." "The-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard" [Chorus w/ samples] 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "See my name is the ODB" [Chorus w/ samples to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Pharrell Williams, Clipse Album: A Son Unique Song: Operator (Remix) Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Chorus - Ol' Dirty Bastard & (Pharrell)] Operator! (operator!) get the police! (she so fine!) Operator! (operator!) get the police! (she so fine!) Look at that girl! (she so fine!) Look at that girl! (say it again!) Look at that girl! (must be a crime!) Look at that girl! (OWW!!) [Verse - Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo! Met this bitch by the name of Subie She was a bad bitch, she had a big ol' booty She got me setting up when I went to the projects Bad ass bitch she was the one to holla at Had another bitch by the name of Pricilla You know that bad bitch, she taste like vanilla In my car looking good like that Getting money, making records, down with rap Saying to myself, no one can defeat me I got my dick out, c'mon bitch beat me! Let that shit out, go down your throat Nigga like me, never miss a note If rain I got coats so I can't get soaked Make a nigga know I take's that dough Get high like Supa Fly I'm the best, that's the shit now I don't know why [Verse - Pusha T] Bitch please! Come live out your fantasies Dollars and diamonds, like on my Ice Creams 1K jeans wit belt and white tee I sling white balls give fiends a pipe dream Well in this scene in my british queen The ignition's on the left but yes it's the right theme Engine full of horses, chariots the king The B's in the middle like it's tittie fucking the wings Pornographic, the voice so drastic Without a +Reasonable Doubt+ I'm +classic+ Cake-aholic the same way - that Dame Dash is But I bakes my cakes, bag 'em up in plastic (UHH!) Halloween 'em up, trick yeah I treat 'em up Lou' Vuitton a toe, watch how the hoes eat 'em up Ma I said I'm finger licking good, ah yes we Re As if invisible Juice, you niggaz can't see me! [Bridge - Ol' Dirty Bastard] If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! If you ain't sweating there's something wrong, girl! (I aaaaammmmm) Say it louder! [Verse - Malice] She so fine, all she need now is a baller Who better fit the bill? I myself, I'm a starter In the game, you could tell by the charter G4, Lear, or the Yacht in the harbor Mama come to papa, don't it feel at home here? All the comforts of it, you ain't got a care Don't love me wit your heart, love me from a far Now sit, look pretty like you came wit the car Diamonds in the ear lobe, wrapped in the mink Condo chillin, I be tickle pink Not worrying bout the next bitch or what people think If I say they don't exist, POOF the extinct Mama - no! we don't need the drama All we need is south beach, puffing on Habanas You just strike a match girl, do your man a honors Next week Cali, we up in Las Palmas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Ghostface Killah Album: A Son Unique Song: Back in the Air Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] We used to sleep in the staircase, smoke weed in the staircase Friday night got drunk, used to pee in the staircase Hopin' a cop might slip, and never known to drop the clip You copped the fifth, nigga, I'll pop the fifth I show no mercy, dunk like a bottle of Hershey Call my gun, Lil' Seymore, bitch, or Big Percy A Dapper Dan fan, who will clap a man For five grand of small bills, wrapped in a rubberband Then lay up in a fat pair of titties, my bitch is so saditty This is Dirt McGirt, hoe, not P. Diddy All we got in common is the money, the only thing I want is the money You see my face on the wall of every precint Bitches keep your pussy decent, I'm juvenile delinquent For guns that I creep with, they whisper, in secret Only bitch that peepin', is the one that I sleep with, nih-huh! [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Alotta niggas wanna dust me off Bad bitches wanna suck me off (What, what) dropped a million here And Dirt McGirt back in the air All my gangstas, where ya at? Throw your guns up and make them clap Tell me now, muthafuckas, you strapped? And bitch betta have my money [Ghostface Killah] Aiyo, the bitch better your money and mine Cuz if she don't, we both gon' double team that bitch from behind And for them niggas outside screamin' that 'Somebody gotta die' shit, same dudes on the cop's dick This is Tone, ya'll niggas be frontin' And most of ya'll niggas don't got no guns Borrowed your man's shit, how's that for a bum? Dum-dums emptied out of pun son, so see man, see Ach' run See spots over my Reebok's, cuz he got done Cheap shots fell out his weak glock and he got stung My cheap gun is a gangsta's protein Treat bitches with the upmost respect, like get 'em wetted Tellin' to, drink the milk, boo, don't even wet it This is Starky, I got a foot fetish, loot fetish With the dusthead men, we got good credit [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Notorious glock buster, cap pealin', block hustler Who slap hoes, who lack feelings Black building, crack dealing, black villain Had a taste for blood steelin', love stealin' Any thing that twinkle bright to my eye sight Many nights I used to stay up, at the twilight And wonder to myself, if's there's a Heaven or Hell Been alone in these streets, since eleven or twelve On my own, I run buckwild in the West A knucklehead nigga, used to sleep in my vest Had no home, my mom used to show me no lovin' Burn the crib down, try'nna dry my shirt with the oven Now I'm exiled, destined for penal Hyperactive off the cocaine, got me senile Back on the block, knowledge to build, knowledge to kill Intent to put a dent in your grill with the steal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Young Chris Album: A Son Unique Song: Work For Me Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Dirty, ya'll niggas get the fuck up I'm out of jail, nigga, I'm out of jail What more, nigga, Dirty Go and get the fuck out, I'mma pull One of your muthafucka's eye, ahh, something Dirt McGirt, muthafucka [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ya'll know who I am, what? Dirt McGirt, baby, whose the man? What part you fools don't understand Been away now, I'm back by popular demand Ain't a damn thing changed, nigga, back up First nigga to act up, get smacked up Orange suits on hand, Dirty this, Dirty that Yo, where Dirty at? But now Dirty back My girl is nasty, her booty is stank I fucked her all night, until a nigga shoot blanks Doggystyle, will never spill my drink Then smoke a blunt, and watch the shit on tape You can sit on my face, I like the taste If my P.O. call, tell that bitch to wait I break ya face, invade your space Don't make the mistake, tell me who is in the place what? [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, let me see you work something Slow down, don't hurt nothing You nasty, ain't ya? You freaky, ain't ya? Get ya ass over here, shake it like ya just don't care Now bounce-bounce, move it over here, now Work, work, move it over here [Young Chris] History, I do her, then we split up Lyon call, whenever, we ready to get up I ain't never been hit up, with a line that's strong Have a nigga fuck the shit up, with his love, that's wrong Got a hell of a body, yeah, I love that tone And god damn, I love that moan There's just something about you, make a nigga stay all night long My undercover freak the shit It's cool, cuz her peeps was rich So whatever I want covered, and she got my peeps' pitch right So when I'm on the road, or a girl play the show She can respect homebase, she play the codes Nasty as she wanna be, shaking that ass right in front of me Can't seem to keep her from up under me And how I am, try'nna see if chirp gash Shake it for the Gunnerz and Dirt, shh.. [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm dirty, just like the dirty south I talk dirty, wash out my dirty mouth I'm dirty, just like the dirty south Talk dirty, wash out my dirty mouth What, nigga? Why you wanna get me started? Got me in the club with Tha Alkaholiks On the down low, like I'm ducking the warrant Getting head in the back by the bathroom toilet There's beauty all around, let me see the performance She down for whatever, you know I'mm all for it Gotta spark hard, hoppin' sports bar After this, it's the Marriot courtyard Gold card, I'mma max it out Just keep your titties shaking and the apples out You can, stick around, honey, that's no doubt Bust a nut, then I'm passing out [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Damon Elliott, Macy Gray Album: A Son Unique Song: Don't Go Breakin' My Heart Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Damon Elliott (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Yo, this is Damon Elliott, we got a lotta shit Dame Dash, put me on game, baby Purplelicious style, Macy Gray, Ol' Dirty Bastard Who the fuck thought it would hit like this? (what? what?) Where's my chain, baby, where's my chain? (Ohhhhhhhh, yeah) [Chorus: Macy Gray (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Don't go breaking my heart (I won't be breaking your heart) You better not They're gonna tear us apart, now, baby (Don't wanna tear us apart) They better not [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'll die for you, do time for you Kill for you, that nigga was never good to you Now that I'm out, what, you gonna do? Let's get hot dogs on a steak, now (hot dogs on a steak) Three drinks of lemon, fresh trip Over the back of the backlands, king size bed Filth all clean, let's do the do All listening to Dionne Warrick singing "Deja Vu" This is a dream that I was new [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Macy, and O.D.B., too hot for the chief, F.U.C.K.I.N.G. That's what I'm gonna do with you baby (what's that spell?) Let's go to the park, after dark Ride some bitches, stab a bitch nigga And get on your knees, leave behind you, atomic doggies Then go to the movies, I don't care which movie I just wanna get some popcorn, lick it softly [Macy Gray] Do you want some licorice, do you want some candy? I wanna drink something outta you, while you sip some Ginger Ale Hey, hey [Interlude: Damon Elliott (Macy Gray)] Haha (yo, these for all the lovers out there) shut up (Sh-shut up?) Shut the fu.... [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Macy Gray) {both}] Ooooh-hooo, nobody knows it, nobody knows That when I was down (I was your crown) Ooooh-hooo, nobody knows it, nobody knows The life on the side (I gave you my heart) {Ohhhhhhh-hooo, I gave you my heartttttttttttt} [Bridge: Macy Gray (Ol' Dirty Bastard] Don't go, go breaking my heart Don't go... breaking it... (I won't be breaking your heart) Don't go breaking it They're gonna tear us apart, now, baby (Don't wanna tear us apart) Don't go breaking it Don't go... breaking it... don't go... breaking it... (I won't be breaking your heart) Don't go breaking it Don't go... breaking it... don't go... breaking it... (Don't wanna tear us apart) Don't go breaking it [Outro: Macy Gray (Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oooh, oooh (I won't be breaking your heart) There's nobody faster, don't go breaking it (Don't wanna tear us apart) Don't go breaking it Hot dog on a steak, ooah-ooah, hahaha (I won't be breaking your heart) Don't go breaking it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ RZA Album: A Son Unique Song: The Stomp Part II Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Dirt, Dirt, Dirt... Dirt, Dirt, Dirt... That's what I'm talking about [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Soon as she slurp the mic, here comes the herpes light People at church be like, friends, at work be like She is the thirsty type, a nigga McGirt be like Look, it ain't workin' right, it will convert my life Now she's an earthly type, pure, and worthy type Catch her in early nights, smile with pearly whites Sippin' Bacardi's like, she's back in perverted life You know how these birds be like, that's why you can't treat them right My brother he eats it right, cheat, and beat his wife Ike and Tina fight, this Medina life The crack and nina like, block and fiending like Cop subpeona like, giants and beams of light [Chorus: RZA (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, that's what I'm talking 'bout) Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Things ain't the same today, this is the game they play Dirt, the name, they say, throwin' the blame my way So they can change my face, take and claim my space But I remain the ace, always maintain a space Coke, the 'caine, the base, Henny without the chase Then it come out to lace, pussy all in my face You know where the Dirt be at, where the skirts be at Money and work be at, pull and squirt the mac's You fake aristocats, where your pistol at? Weak ballistic caps, I'm firing missiles back [Chorus: RZA (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] (That's what I'm talking 'bout) Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, dirt, dirt) Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Three years, I'm out the gate, waiting, my clients deflate (What, what) chain plate, bitch, I'm goin' state to state Bitch, I sniff them eights, muthafucka, make these papes Watch that ho get raped, nigga, I'm going ape This is part two, the Stomp, you niggas in the slump Uzi's all in my trunk, nigga, you hear the thump Fill you with holes and lumps, rocks all in my fronts Cock and feel the Monk, pussy everyday of the month Do what the fuck I want, bitches, you shake your rump Niggas you ain't no comp, let me see you jump [Chorus: RZA (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, that's what I'm talking 'bout) Let, me, see/(Dirt, Dirt, Dirt), you, stomp, stomp, stomp! (Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, McGirt) get, the, fuck, off, your, ass, nig-ga! Stomp, stomp, stomp! (That's what I'm talkin' bout!) Let, me, see, you, stomp, stomp, stomp! Get, the, fuck, off, your, ass, nig-ga! Stomp, stomp, stomp! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: A Son Unique Song: How Ya Feelin' Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (girl)] Oh yeah... What what, got your money What what, (dirty), what what What what, (dirty), yeah, yeah [Ol' Dirty Bastard] My niggas better raise it up, fruit punch in my cup, so what? Ol' Dirty, I served my time, now I'm out and gonna have a good time My new account is kinda different, cuz I'm 'ready spendin' all my dimes What what, give me a check for 9, zero, zero, zero, zero Count count 'em, muthafucka, this mine Now, I just better finish my rhyme Before my muthafuck' appeal come, what the fucking due line [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard] No, sip-ping, alco-hol, at all (no way) No, smo-king, Phil-ly, blunts, or Backwoods (no way) No, lea-ving, the state, of New York (stay home) It's, all good, long as I can, still feel some breasts [Chorus 2X: girl (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] (And how ya feeling, Dirty?) I feel good! (I'm glad you are) Yeah, me too! (I wanna love you, Dirty) I wanna love you back! (Can I get a..) baby, just, baby just, wiggle that booty! [Bridge: girl] Ahhhhh, a wiggle-wiggle, a wiggle-wiggle Dirty... [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I never will forget the way Dame Dash, send a limo for me (What what), signed me up for the team VH1, caught me doing my thing I had bitches in the limo actin' like they fucking rolling with king Shopping sprees on Fifth Ave., backrubs, bubble baths Ol' Dirty fucked, come, clean my ass Now I'm straight, gotta spit for my chips With nothing in my system that would get me incarcerated [Hook] [Bridge 2X] [Chorus 2X] [Bridge 2X] [Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Sing this song Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, Dirt McGirt, Girt, Girt, Girt Straight from Wu, Wu who?, Wu who? Wu who?, ahh Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, Dirt McGirt, Girt, Girt, Girt Straight from Wu, Wu who?, Wu who? Wu who?, ahh Dirt, Dirt, Dirt, Dirt McGirt, Girt, Girt, Girt Straight from Wu, Wu who?, Wu who? Wu who?, ahh [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Macy Gray, Method Man, Raekwon Album: A Son Unique Song: Intoxicated Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Macy Gray] Intoxicated and I'm faded, by your honey Why, we finally made it, got to lovin' Money, seeds and shine They wanna hate it, try to break it But it's yours and mine Nothing can change it, finally made it, so divine [Raekwon] Yo, I sat around the illest villains Campaignin' while we all G off Automatic mayors, now we ain't playin' Wolves start scheemin', violate me in the rain Get more respect, rob Marvin Gaye on 'em Gold, black, beige on 'em, heavy gauge Gettin' blazed, all that money, but he ain't even shaved This a new flavor, bigger vets, bigger begets Bigger papes, god damn it, nigga got saved Three or more, two thousand four Blazers Lookin' good, it's all hood, just analyze amazed Peace, let's mozy and swaze', y'all Then count real bank and thank 'em, hit me on the page, what [Method Man] Yo, I was born on the same day as Dr. Seuss Plenty of friends, henny and gin, who got the juice? Let's get drunk, in this motherfucker, let's get pumped I need that funk, like I ain't took a bath in a month You can find me where the thugs be at, club be at A fact, I love women, cuz they love me back The name's Johnny, they used to call me sucker for love But now I'm grimey, cops searchin' motherfuckers for drugs Give me that buzz, that calm a nigga, dimes and doves At four twenty, when niggaz knew what time it was A shot of Remy, in my system, I'm buzzed Then baby, I ain't just a little war from unplugged Haha, you know I, crack myself up, sometimes with no excuses Like every nigga that done time, I didn't do it Meth the Magnificent, not Jeff I see the game done gone imputent, soft and suspect [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, silence on Smith with six shots, lick shots Leave ya head like a Shaolin monk with six dots Hit a gush, twistin' a sweet switcher In search for Bobby the Digital, bitch, not Bobby Fisher Head full, with a Grey Goose and Redbull I came for, a beer, weed, plus a bed full Of dimepiece, model type bitches, who mind they business Blow my dick, like birthday cake wishes My warrior's scornful, hard to respond to Dirt McGirt, be sailin' boat and in Honolulu Brooklyn Zu, wild like Chaka Zulu Brooklyn Zu, shots will go right through you Touch me in Cali, or the streets of Mauwi In the two thousand six pitch black Audi Drivin' by bitches, I'm like howdy Doody, to you some beauty bitches crowd me [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ N.O.R.E., Swizz Beatz Album: A Son Unique Song: Dirty & Grimey Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] "It's the Ol' Dirty Bastard" - scratched up throughout Hold on, muthfuckas, ya'll know Dirty? [Ol' Dirty Bastard] It's the Ol' Dirty Bast' Cut ya face, with a piece of old dirty glass Bitch, shake ya dirty ass Run up in your stash house, on a dirty mat It's the Dirt McGirt, a/k/a Osirus Spread my bullets around like a virus Nigga, from the Wu-Camp, nigga Slap ya face with a wet food stamp, nigga I'mma make the world, do my dance Try to lock me down, but I'm back in my stance Wave my gun around, like it's part of my hand Bout to take this game, like, 'pardon me, man' Dirt McGirt, I'm a family man But I still hold tools like a handyman Say my name three times like Candyman It's the what, what, what... [Chorus: Swizz Beatz (N.O.R.E.) w/ Ol' Dirty Bastard acting wild] Cuz we can do it like this (Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt) Cuz we can do it like this (Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt Yo, yo, yo, yo, Dirt McGirt) Cuz we can do it like this [N.O.R.E.] Who get drunker than, N.O.R.E., on a Sunday And on the way to Sunday school, intoxicated See ah, lord forgive me, I'm a ex-coke flipper And skipped on that good ol' bitch, she got a strip of these Niggas is bitch-made, I got a switchblade And I pack guns, shootin' niggas since the sixth grade Mac Milli, Millitainment, it's La Familia, now Guess it's niggas all in your rap, ain't gotta kill you now Nore never slack off, I smoke a pack soft And I run deep in this bitch, and let that mack off Bing, Nore got a whole lotta bitches Out of character, and eating out a whole lotta dishes In my lifetime, sippin' on white wine, caveza Nore ran twiz, got a whole lotta cabesa Ching, simple like uno, dos, tres, ah' And I leave the crib, and grab the tech, cuz I'm the drastic [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oh shit! Oh shit! Ya'll remember when me and Mariah I'm back with the kid, spit fire Dirt McGirt, I break up the earth My ice is white and blue, like Papa Smurf Stash niggas like crack, throw them under the earth Then past the dirt pound, and ask 'em "do it hurt, now?" Ya'll gonna make me back the truck To the Dash, O.D.B., that's what's up [Outro: Swizz Beatz] Cuz we can do it like this The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Joe Budden Album: A Son Unique Song: Danger Zone Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: girl (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone (Say what? Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] From coke to PCP, from Marie to Penelope I'mma smoke this cocaine, like white boys smoke trees Can I get that G, autograph me I feel like a reside', how people run up on me Pussy is powerful, it feels wonderful It got me worshipful, money is plentiful Niggas is full, and plus your bored Any girl I pull is too wall for war Power plug on, pussy turned on I rocked it on, rap colored thong Weight, I put on, strong like protons I polly, then I'm gone, my style carries on It's my party, holdin' too much hotty Go and dance, and it's a robbery, actin' all snobbery Real name: Moses, I pantyhose it To all my hoes, industry, I sow's this [Joe Budden] Where the aluminum bats, and get welts And niggas wear ratchets in they belts Nah, niggas wear ratchets like belts Nah, it ain't good, but if you say the wrong thing In my hood, might as well, say the casket just fell Collapse from that smell, he dodgin' po-po Niggas wanna act like they mafioso All they see is me, when I spark the four-four With a red dot, bigger than the Target logo Dudes be superhuman, on some X-Men shit With fast ways, you the only dead man to live So act tough, til he see his best man give Now he pro-black, on some X-Clan shit For realer, I ain't a killer, but don't push me Revenge ain't sweet, when a muthafucka pussy So get loud, get piped, get drunk, get live Get tough, get hype, go ahead, get smacked, nigga [Chorus 1.5X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ RZA Album: A Son Unique Song: Skrilla Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard, RZA] When you get that skrilla, nigga, act familiar When you get that skrilla, nigga, act familiar [Ol' Dirty Bastard] When you get that skrilla, nigga, act familiar Own family will kill ya, damn it be a skrilla Box of bullets in flavors, like Mike & Ike Friday night, I'm in the bed, with a bitch and a dyke Ol' Dirty, 7:30, got the thirty-thirty Caught a mouscope, ain't aimin' at no birdie My name plate, travel through the interstate Glock in the stash box, my drop top ventilate Permanent A.C., use to boost at Macy's Smoke out Mr. Spacely, and still Dick Tracy I blind dunk a base, make ya chest inflate I'm at the herb gate, watch my money bake Disrespect me, where I lay my head, my hammer spray My cybertech nylon suit, reflect gamma ray When I speak, ears open to the size of cymbal Make you tremble, watch what the fuck my gun do [Ol' Dirty Bastard] A moment to pray, a second to die Take your hard ride with the bulletproof high Nigga, check ya logic, Ol' Dirty's out the closet I return you niggas for a five percent deposit Beer belly, I chuckle like Kris Kringle Put four grams of cocaine, crushed up in the single Everyday is Saturday, everyday my gats play When shit get bad, I'm looking for a badder way Ol' Dirt McGirt, in concert the bomb burst To set it off, shoot him in the arm, first Let him off? Nah, kidnap his mom, first Told you, when things get worst, nigga, things get worst Cats be saddling, when the gats splattering Ol' Dirt, caught one through the lower abdomen Straight through the back, like the javelin Word, son, it had to been, still here, battling [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Rhymefest Album: A Son Unique Song: Don't Hurt Me Typed by: Cno Evil [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, stepping fresh out the clean, through the fog I be that Ol' stinkin' Dirt McGirt dog, with a hurtin' for ya That nigga liftin' ya skirt, learned it in the dark Hurtin' bitches feelings on purpose, I'm a dog Biting, no -- I don't bite, see I just like to nibble on ya nipple, a little It's not a riddle, or game, with dope I just wanna stroke or poke, you in the right place As if your pussy got a nice face You need to stop fucking with lightweights See my Roc chain is heavy, cock game, is ready To shoot, oh bitch, go get cute Cuz you can easily get treated like a prostitute Please believe me, I like it raw, because I'm so freaky Dirty, but a nigga still shining when you see me You know that nigga, A, Son Never been tooken out, Dame, good looking out Hoes holla! [Chorus: Rhymefest (girl) {Ol' Dirty Bastard}] I'mma keep it real, don't hurt me A nigga like me, love the ill punani, cuz I'm dirty Please don't flirt with the Dirt McGirt When I'm done, liftin' ya skirt, then this mic get hurt, u know (Don't hurt me, Dirty) {Okay} (I promise, I won't you, Dirty) {You sure?} (Don't hurt me, again) {Okay} (Don't, don't, don't hurt me again) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Aiyo, my album gets crazy, but I'm still on the low Your style is flashy, and you don't got no hoes Don't front, I spit classics, you know how it go On my leisure, Lisa give me so much throat Well I need ya, bitch, betta have my dough And Indonesia, in the Dutch, already rolled Don't let 'em fool ya, tell you, Ol' Dirty's a joke Somebody school her, tell her Ol' Dirty's a pro First it's marriage.... then it's babies.... You know, Dirt love the babies.... (aiyo, bounce with me now) It's game time, baby, ball with me now, I'm in your court, now In your grand marquee, on tour with me now With the Benz, laid back, in the hood with me now Momma said she wanna go with me, cuz I make her feel good When she go away with me, Ol' Dirty, nigga! [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (girl)] (Don't hurt me, again, don't, don't, don't hurt me again) Yeah, I'm back, what you thought? (Don't hurt me, again, don't, don't, don't hurt me again) Shake ya ass to this! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Black Keith Album: Blade: Trinity O.S.T Song: Thirsty Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Black Keith] You don't even know me, you can't even see me Friendly of the daylight, now I'm back, now I'm back again Don't be scared baby, can't you see I'm thirsty? Friends of the daylight, let me drink, let me drink, my friend Don't be scared baby, don't be afraid Friends of the daylight, and I'm back, and I'm back again [Chorus: Black Keith] Never going nowhere, you can't run from me Day and night baby, can I drink, can I drink again Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, can we drink, can we drink, my friend? Don't be scared, don't be scared, baby Can't you see I'm thirsty? And I'm back, and I'm back, again [Ol' Dirty Bastard] What, first things first, man, you can't fight the curse You can't call the doctor, you can't call the nurse You got that Louie Loco on the side of your purse And those tight mint sixties, about to make me burst I can't think, let me sink into your jugular Come have a drink, with the thirsty love guzzler From the darkside, baby, don't be afraid You can't fight the thirst, nor escape the Blade I'm been scopin' ya, hopin' you be open to Take a sip, of the potion cuz it's overdue It's not your ordinary, it's a special brew In the heat of the night, I will rescue you [Interlude: Blade: Trinity sample] Allow me a parting gift, to remember this Sooner, no later, the thirst, always drink [Outro: Black Keith] Yeah, yeah, and I'm back, and I'm back again Live, live.... back again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Brooklyn Zoo 5" CD single Song: Give it to Ya Raw Typed by: wubrothernumber1@hotmail.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Give it to ya raw! Yo, it's that old school shit About 12 years old Let's get physical, operate your brain to function I remember the Gods at the junction Conjunction junction what's your function? I summed it up as the Ason sumption Known on the microphone as Crazy Crucial Dippin low on an MC like you and doin you Somethin, so step to the shit right now Kickin on erything in my god damn town Doin expressure, a jam it to deadly Daredevil doin, cause I am the U-N I-Q-U-E funky fresh Funky do he get hype? You're motherfuckin right I do Ason, break it down sure anytime A serious outstandin never end it clever in the rhyme Break down your shit, wherever you come There's no one who can fuck with Ason I paralyze you make you realize who Lost concern with my god damn crew Quiet as kept when I start any fuckin riots Even before you do in my nigga? Don't try it! For you to get close enough to my style You have to travel miles and miles and miles To find a special rhyme like mines, you gotta look At what you find in the Brooklyn Zoo Raw exit, killin the beat with all your might You love a hip hop song baby, I don't wanna be right Wake up, what, what, losin your head Woke up on the wrong side of the bed Juvenile faction of hard, you say you're livin large You're the head nigga in charge I give it to ya raw! I said I give it to ya raaaawww!! I'm Ason baby, I'm the Ason baby I'm Ason baby, I'm the Ason I'm Ason baby, I'm the Ason Givin it to ya raw baby The raw deal, because These lovely rhymes made by the one and only I'm Ason, there's nothin phony about me Steady of course so hard to handle whip it Like a specialist I write my own music Now I make ya dance, get drunk or act wild Baby sayin "Hey hey I love your style" Whether you're sober, known just to holder, casanova Get chopped with the lawn mower So get busy as Ason perform On and on ladies scream my name Ason That means the Ason girls fanatic Repeat it so much you get a throat infection Yo I relieve the ones who believe You're in the need of the God degree That I build on with style and finesse Keep MCs in check like a game of chess So to the folks, come to my rehearsals I look so good I should be on the commercials On TV that tell original lie Of the Ason most high Who's your Jesus? Stop me and question They'll never forget they can choke on position Don't charge a cent of excellent Add the ingredients of Ason's elements Fire, water, cold earth wood Yo do the knowledge because it is good Enough to overstuff jumbo pack Brother like Ason will never be attacked A by a nigga couldn't figure how to pull the gun trigger And I say yo get the fuck outta here! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Build Me Up (Premix) (S) Song: Build Me Up (Premix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, Tha Masta [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup Baby just to let me down (just to let me down) Mess me around, and the worst of all (worst of all) You never call baby when you say you will (when you say you will) But I love you still, I need you! (I need you!) More than anyone darling; you know that I have from the start Build me up (build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You said that you loved me But hey, when I was locked up you never sent no commissary I called your house, I wrote you pleasures, baby, everyday My emotions' fragile, bitch, you better learn not to play This Ol' Dirty heart is work of art, perfect start Me and you can shop for cars Sometimes used, slightly bruised Two for me and one for you We can buy a pair of shoes Planned it up and share a few You can eat, come out too, that's how much I care for you And you and you and you and you and you and you [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Girl, you're bringing me to my knees Stop acting like such a tease I know you wanna get my G's, but I'm the O.D.B. Don't listen to your mama when she tells you not to play in the Dirt Cuz God made Dirt and Dirt don't hurt Even your sister's throwing Dirt like Dirt Dog don't work But I got Dirt under my nails from working hard as hell Plus seeing your fine ass make me hard as hell I never ever ever ever ever ever had a heart to bail Is it forever ever ever, you my heart as well And she don't ever take the time to build [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Girl, the way you give brains to me Makes me feel so happy I don't think you understand You're taking me to Wonderland (Oh what you do for me) Is a perfect treat for me (Oh what you do for me) Cuz you're the freak for me (Oh what you do for me) Is a perfect treat for me That you're the one for me Girl, the way you give brains to me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Master Fool Album: Bully O.S.T Song: Last Call Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] This recordin is Dirty and it's Stinkin Funkier than Peppi Le Pew so I was thinkin, about droppin this single on the charts, lettin ya know hey, the kid has heart, I never deny myself as being dope, but in my last jam, niggaz slept on my notes You thought that I was weak? Huh? Let me speak My rhymes come funkier than ya grandfathers feet So listen mister, don't you ever forget the rhyme is dirty, you couldn't even clean it with Comet, for even Wolrex, some tried Ajax Only mix with the best, forty-eight tracks Yo, I get down with the Ason sounds Lyrics that be flowin from miles around So let the music shut ya ass up, then feel the uppercut Now I make ya fall to ya butt [Master Fool] Ho-ho-hold up, Master Fool Takin' it on down, jugga-jugga-ju Fall on ya butt, ya ass gon' hurt They call us WINGWORM cuz we mastered this dirt I act like a drunk but I'm out for the dough I mastered the funk, Dirt mastered the ho's Only Master play the Fool, I worked hard and paid my dues Tony Snatcher played the fool And man meater eater played the bone I come in the club with no ID They gon' have to close the club up messin wit me Up.. Dirty and Stinkin stuff It's that Dirty dick NUH with the Stinkin nuts Last Call now drink it up Me and Dirt want a pound for some Stinkin stuff [Chorus x2: Master Fool] Last Call for alcohol, everybody out the bar Get ya back up off the wall People.. ohh.. ohh.. people.. ohh.. ohh [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, let me continue, verse number two Style is wild, dirty and stinkin like doo-doo If ya hangin around, ya changed ya mind It is a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme I sit down and I say to myself, "Self yo, are you rated top the shelf?" I drop the single for you to get a dose of As I lay back like a pillow on a sofa Gettin paid? Yeah right, Willy Why askin me, G? What? What? What? What? You know me My mouth is sugar, sweet as a honey bee Taste like a forty, Stinkin like Old-E [Master Fool] Fool in this bitch, where the fuck is the drinks? No open bar!?! Where the fuck is the drinks? That bitch over there with her man tuckin his link All strip club bitches straight clutchin his mink Niggaz official, big guns, wavin the pistol My dogs lookin for the brew now we bitin the gristle (Stop fuckin with them guns son you playin too much) Catch a charge drinkin bro', I ain't playin too rough Fucks! Lay in the cuts and hug the butts Grab a big five whether you a scrub or not Robbery, robbery, pop, pop, poppin like a glock Robbery, robbery, drop, drop, drop it like it's hot [Chorus x4] [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo Heard Master singin that shit? Stinkin blue Palmaid.. Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pras f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Mya Album: Ghetto Supastar/Bulworth soundtrack Song: Ghetto Superstar (This is What You Are) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [ODB] Man man, look up at the sky All the stars man, the stars is beautiful tonight Look at em! Chorus: Mya Ghetto superstar, that is what you are Comin from afar, reachin for the stars Run away with me, to another place We can rely on each other, uh-huh From one corner, to another, uh-huh [Pras] Uh, yeah, yo, yo Some got, hopes and dreams, we got, ways and means The surpreme dream team, always up with the schemes From hubcaps to sellin raps, name your theme My rise to the top, floatin on this cream Who the hell wanna stop me, I hated those who doubt me A million ReFugees with unlimited warranties Black Ceasar, dating top skeezers Diplomatic legalese, no time for a Visa They just begun, I'ma shoot them one by one Got five sides to me, somethin like a pentagon Strike with the forces of King Solomon Lettin bygones be bygones, and so on, and so on I'ma teach this cat, how to live in the ghetto Keepin it retro-spective from the get go Lay low, let my mind shine like a halo P-P-Politic with ghetto senators on the deelow Chorus [Ol' Dirty Bastard] One two, and you don't stop, yo My eyes is sore, bein a senator Behind closed doors hittin truth to the seafloor The rich go North ignore, the tug of war While the kids are poor, open new and better drug stores So I became hardcore, couldn't take it no more I'ma reveal EVERYTHING, change the law I find myself, walkin the streets Tryin to find what's really goin on in the streets [Pras] Yea, yo, yo, yo Now every dog got his day, needless to say When the chief away that's when them cats want to play I told you, mess around you fools like Cassius Clay Stretch my heater make you do a pas de bourree Kick your balls like Pele, pick em doin ballet Peak like Dante, broader than Broadway Get applause like a matador, cry yellin !Ole! Who the hell wanna save me, from B.K., to Cali Come on Chorus [Pras] Yeah... yo, yeah Just when you thought it was safe in a common place Showcase your finest is losin fast in the horse race Two faced, gettin defaced, out like Scarface Throw your roll money, let me put on my screwface [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Well I'm paranoid at the things I said Wonderin what's the penalty from day to day, I'm hangin out partyin with girls that never die, you see I was pickin on the small fries, my campaign tellin lies Was just spreadin my love, didn't know my love was the one holdin the gun and the glove But it's all good as long as it's understand It's all together now, in the hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood Chorus [Pras] Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh Yeah All Stars, yeah yeah yeah Chorus [ODB] Sing it baby, sing it babyeeeeeeeeee To another, aheoehahahahhhhhhhhh Yeahhhh, heeeee, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Brooklyn, Clark Kent, Curtain, Fat Joe Album: Burnin' Up (S) Song: Burnin' Up Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: (Clark Kent) Fat Joe] (RIP ODB, street fabulous) Crack, ODB, still jiggin Jiggin in the graves, Crack [Fat Joe] I say hold up, wait a minute Trunk full of butter, pocket full of spinach Ya'll muthafuckas just raps and gimmicks These muthafuckas just raps and gimmicks Everything I spit, I live it Yep, GT Black, Sky Blue Vintage Bout to drop the top so you can see me better Painted full style graffitti leather I've been doing this since Eazy's era Arguing with Dapper Dan, he says PE's better (Hold it now) like Chuck said Joe got incredible flow, enough said They say gangstas get fat and move to Miami So I did just that, I moved to Miami Me and OD go back to '92 I was there at the 36 Chambers of the Wu [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Brooklyn) {Both}] {Ooh nigga I'm burning up} {I said Ooh nigga I'm burning up} (Best best to leave if you fucking with us) I told the DJ nigga {Turn it up} [Curtains] They say youngin get right, and youngin get fresh Cus youngin got a mic, and youngin got wreck Then youngin got a check, and youngin done splurged on em Now I do the flying spur on em, I George Burns on em I probably got your cousin, He fronting? Strange, what's his name? Ain't nothing change excpet the number on the chain Nine, seven, five, to fourteen k, nigga give me mine and be on your way Get sprayed for that shit you on One shot, point blank, you're gone And shorty look fine, so she won't squirm Riding out on FDR, bumping Ol' Dirty's shit I like it raw, you heard me baby But you look like you burning baby, old lady [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Enough to make a nigga, go crazy Shut down the Grammy's, ask my grammy Wu-Tang for the kids, but your host can't stand me Wu-Tang for the kids, bust them off for family Catch me on Disney (ma, who is he?) Down Dirty, stinky, grime and grizzly Old man McGirt, lookin' under your skirt Fucked the pussy til' it's orange, like Ernie and Bert Like, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up She said, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up Meth got the weed, we can burn it up I told the D.J., nigga, turn it up I want a girl that help me take my medication Or I don't end up at the police station I don't wanna go back to the police station They tried to send Dirt on a long vacation [Outro: Clark Kent] ODB rest in peace, Fat Joe, Young Brooklyn, Curtains, Dope Boy C Artist: DMX, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Ozzy Osbourne (w/ Crytal Method & Fuzzbubble) Album: Chef Aid - The South Park Album Song: Nowhere To Run Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [ODB] Fuck that shit, you know what I'm sayin'? I'm a give a shout out to my niggas I ain't givin' a shout to no-fuckin'-body, fuck that Big Baby Jesus in the mother fucking house Know what I'm sayin'? [DMX] Unh, come on I don't walk, I stalk, livin' foul like pork Shuttin' down underground streets of New York Hawk is what them niggas call me, 'cause they all be Suckin' my dick and on my mother fucking balls, G I know the half, so I laugh wit' 'em Blood bath went I let the fuckin' rap hit 'em Full clip, but only half did 'em That's all it took, another crook Taken out over a dirty look I bag game with niggas I leave shot dead You're only taken a piss from me with hot led You know my style faggot, 'cause I'm always schemin' In jail, niggas holdin' a sink screamin' Police, but you got no peace Yo, was that you big man, and alot mo' grease All I gets is pounds, you ain't want none of this Back streets are like track meets 'cause I be runnin' this [Chorus: Ozzy Osbourne] Ain't nowhere to run ('cause I be runnin' this) Ain't nowhere to hide (come on) Ain't nowhere to go ('cause I be runnin' this) Reaper saved your soul (come on) [Ozzy Osborune] Surroned by the colors, I see crimson, black and blue (come on) Locking open doors again, I'm still afraid of you (straight up, mother fucker) Light to dark, then light again, I always thought I knew (come on) Young to old and young again, what's left for me to do? (straight up) Center of the universe, collecting me in time (come on) I'm falling down upon the earth, and singing truth in rhyme (come on) If I was a rolling stone, I'd roll until I'm through (come on) And if I was a garden I would bloom in black for you (Dirt Dog in effect) [ODB] ahhhh, yi yi yi yi (come on) [ODB] ha ha ha ha ha ha ha What you mother fuckers invented Is the craziest nigga that ever been invented ha ha ha ha ha Most know, don't front on Ol' Dity Bastard ha ha ha ha  I call on Jesus There's no obstacles that you have to jump There's no walls that you have to climb This is real, this is elementary dear Elementary, Watson, Elementary ahhhhh I ain't no pictue on your fore wall, necklace wearin' beard You don't want this money till it's rich Buy my album, coded by Dirty, set you free Go against the grain, I got the p I know you don't recognize me now I dunked your tongue How many lightening bulbs do it take to light up a fuck mode? Brothers, people, you'd better get the fuck off of me We don't need it, it gets more ugly Fools tryin' to bust their ass Tryin' to get away from me when I said my real name I call myself in the niggas butthole All the same, all the same, all the same [Ozzy Osborune] Ain't nowhere to run Ain't nowhere to hide Ain't nowhere to go Reaper saved your soul [ODB] ahhh yi yi yi yi What, mother fucker? Don't try to psychology my shit, mother fucker 'cause you'll never psychology it, mother fucker Never, never, never, mother fucker, never The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Goldy Hawn Album: Children Sik 'Em 12" Song: Children Sik 'Em Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Goldy Hawn)] Every horror movie they can attack ya ass If you fuckin' wit the Ol' Dirt Dog Bitch what's his name... in Wu-Tang Bitch, if you didn't hear it muthafuckin' You heard it now, on radio 98.7 	"Time to go to sleep" (Aight, it's time for ya bitch ass muthafuckas to go to sleep, then Big Bad Wolves, niggaz Yo son, aiyo Dirt you ready, ready?) I'm ready, I'm ready All you bitches ready to go steady (Yo, hit them niggaz wit that shit, son) To the girls over there (to the bitches) To the niggaz over there (to my niggaz) From the front, to the back, packed everywhere Wanna get smacked out the atmosphere (you wanna get smacked?) My name is Dirt Dog, bitch, I don't know where and how My name is Dirt Dog, and in pilgrim, you smile Bitch you get murdered from the first start (Aiyo, God, you gotta fuck the shit up iller than The that shit son, right there, man, for real man?) Turn it up, turn it up, turn the headphones up (Word?) One-two, one-two (one-two ya'll) It don't stop ya'll (it don't, ya'll) Won't stop ya'll [Chorus 6X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Goldy Hawn] Children sik 'em (children sik 'em) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Murder was the first artwork obtained A nigga didn't know the seven half ounces of brain You try to maintain, you didn't know the slang My name is from the Wu-Tang, nigga, I kill a buttfucka up to slain Nigga, Wu-Tang, you could never ever hang I said it again and again and again Nigga you fooled cuz you didn't know this Cuz I'm the specialist [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (sampled kids)] Children sik 'em (when they're gonna get you) Children sik' 'em (when they're gonna get you) Children sik 'em (I'm not asleep) Children sik 'em (it's time to go to sleep) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] You didn't have no power to predict in them The Dirt Dog came wit the natural handsome and slim Style that came wit the buckwild Nigga, I taught 'em, nigga I treat 'em Nigga, don't know how to reach them My name is Dirt Dog I keep those speeches in From down down Martin Luther King to Malcolm X I make the niggaz come up and give recess Blaow! She don't know my Elijah Muhammed style Fuck a nigga up wild, I am up on the couch The Dirt Dog nigga, never foul Fuck a nigga up, a spirit attack ya wild How? Cuz hip hop don't stop the groove, ya'll I make a nigga caution at the smooth yard Styles that make you wanna roll up in the streets And go up in ya house, because ya streets and ya house is talkin' to you You want to get a haunted house Amittyville What you, what you say, and do [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I grew up, in the L.P. crew Muthafucka, me, Ro' and Johnny Q Nigga Johnny, attackin' on ya analog ass niggaz Cuz you was on the dick and you wasn't fuckin' lookin' at me Master Born, and on top of them niggaz, you was rollin' wit me Shit, RZA came through and Popa Wu Muthafucka, we ran ya whole muthafuckin' crew Don't act like we didn't know what the fuck to do Muthafucka, we taught ya bitch ass kung fu, too What, what, you wanna talk about? You won't know know no kung fu if I'm not in ya house Dirt Dog, yo' Busta Rhymes I ain't got nothin' against you But ya fucked my boo, it's all good, nigga, true Dirt Dog, do it for you, hip hop don't fuck wit me, who How, when, what, where, gonna get you [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] And if you ever go against the nigga, you die Enough dyin', enough unmultiplyin' White boys, white girls, when you hear this noise Go crazy, attack a nigga like a muthafuckin' Muthafuckin', animal, savage, beast Comin' through ya muthafuckin' house Bitch, you couldn't reach This style that's fuckin' you up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Come On (Clap) (S) Song: Come On (Clap) Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus 2X: Swizz Beatz] Ol' Dirty make the girls say Come on, clap, come on, clap, come on, clap Come on, everybody, come on, clap Come on, yo [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Look up in the sky, it's a bird, it's a plane No it's Dirt McGirt, ain't a damn thing changed Just put spinners on a brand new Range When I walk up in the party everything seem strange Oooh, must be that Roc-A-Fella chain I mixed it up, with that Wu-Tang slang That college girl over there, she give good brain When I pull out my gun, it goes chitty bang bang I love 'em fat bitches cuz they titty hang hang When I'm trying to get some food stamps, to buy some champagne When you in the senior cars, gonna make you switch lanes Blame it on the muthafucking game [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now, come, get some, you little bum I'm Dirt McGirt, still living in the slums Yeah, that's where I'm from And I got enough liquor, you can all get some The Swizz Beatz drum, bang through your speaker I don't want no bud, cuz that ain't no good reefer Forget from the Dirt, though, I'm the grim reaper And I might hit it once and pass to my man Peter Adios see ya, would hate to be ya Your man talk shit, I'mma put him in the sleeper So get down, get down, like James Brown Roc-A-Fella money got me feeling lot better now [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oooh, love it when you shake it to the ground You serve in town, ODB comes around Blaow, listen to my drunken style Got enough Chambers, I can hit it going wild Rims on my truck is bigger than a cow Chpaow! Jewelry cost more than your house If you cooking in your kitchen, get the fuck out Make them scream and shout "McGirt, get in the house" Dude gonna air it, I'm barricade, pull it out If I ain't got my gun, I hit you with the Guinness Stoute I'm back, buzzed, hit you with a different route Peace Mariah, for getting a nigga the fuck out [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Danger Zone (Premix) (S) Song: Danger Zone (Premix) Typed by: Cno Evil, Tha Masta [Chorus 1 2X: girl] Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone [Chorus 2: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Say what? Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone Lounge, homeboy, you in the danger zone In the danger zone, in the danger zone [Ol' Dirty Bastard] From coke to PCP, from Marie to Penelope I'mma smoke this cocaine, like white boys smoke trees Can I get that G, autograph me I feel like a refugee, how people run up on me Pussy is powerful, it feels wonderful It got me worshipful, money is plentiful Niggas is full, and plus you're bored Any girl I pull is too wall for war Power plug on, pussy turned on I rocked it on, rap colored thong Weight, I put on, strong like protons I polly, then I'm gone, my style carries on It's my party, holdin' too much hotty Go and dance, and it's a robbery, actin' all snobbery Real name: Moses, I pantyhose it To all my hoes, industry, I sow's this [Chorus 1 2X] [Chorus 2] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Shorts give me five scars, unlock this bar Known to fuck you all, keep off that radar Only crash cars, get pussy like calender Premium cigars, stab that pussy, excalibur Places, I'm going far, break that guitar My dick burn lazer, I'm not your regular I want ya shit, going insane, smoking out ya brain You cracked, don't complain, that doesn't work, OK? Party with a flame, so much I feel ashamed No one else to blame, I want more, it's my name You want trouble? You get it on the double I break ya syllable, ya unacceptable That excalibur bitch I fucked in the ass was unbelievable I shoot you in ya muthafuckin' face, it's horrible I'm uncompatible, swift, inchangeable Teller available, get this money while it's capable [Chorus 1 2X] [Chorus 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Method Man Album: Dirty & Stinkin' (Remix) 12" Song: Dirty & Stinkin' (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com, CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [scratched up samples] "I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The rap assasinator" - Raekwon 	"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man [Ol' Dirty Bastard] This recordin is dirty and it's stinkin Funkier than Peppi Le Pew so I was thinkin, about Droppin this single on the charts, lettin ya know Hey, the kid has heart, I never deny myself as being Dope, but in my last jam, niggaz slept on my notes You thought that I was weak? Huh? Let me speak My rhymes come funkier than ya grandfathers feet So listen mister, don't you ever forget The rhyme is dirty, you couldn't even clean it With Comet, for even Wolrex, some tried Ajax Only mix with the best, forty-eight tracks Yo, I get down with the Ason sounds Lyrics that be flowin from miles around So let the music shut ya ass up, then feel the uppercut Now I make ya fall to ya butt [Chorus: samples scratched] "Watch out for..." - Prodigy 	"The Ol' Dirty Bastard" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The O.D.B.!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "Watch out for..." - Prodigy 	"The rap assassinator" - Raekwon "Dirty Bastard" - Method Man 	"I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "Go back" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"The O.D.B." - Ol' Dirty Bastard "First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"Watch out for..." - Prodigy "The rap assassinator" - Raekwon 	"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, let me continue, verse number two Style is wild, dirty and stinkin like doo-doo If ya hangin around, ya changed ya mind It is a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme I sit down and I say to myself, "Self Yo, are you rated top the shelf?" I drop the single for you to get a dose of As I lay back like a pillow on a sofa Gettin paid? Yeah right, Willy Why askin me, G? What? What? What? What? You know me My mouth is sugar, sweet as a honey bee Taste like a forty, stinkin like Old-E But I drink Ol' English so I speak Ol' English You gotta be dirty and stinkish And if it's not, well I guess I'm not The A-S-O-N my friends, it's dirty and it's stinkin' [Method Man] I'm not a Spanish talkin' raper I'm _naughty_, but girl that ain't my _nature_ Johnny Cash all about this paper You playin' wit the big boys now, we rated r This no place for a child, 17, not allowed Without a parent and it's apparent that you belong Wit a full grown man wit a mind just as strong Huh, so here's ya chance to advance Get in ya stance and we gon' set up it off like true romance And that's my word [Chorus #2: scratched samples] "I said if you could just" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"Go back" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The O.D.B." - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"First things first, man" - Ol' Dirty Bastard "The rap assassinator" - Raekwon 	"Dirty Bastard" - Method Man [Chorus #2 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Don't Stop (S) Song: Don't Stop Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastrd] Eastside, westside Yo, Dr. Dre, yo, Snoop Yo, E-40, yo, Too $hort Yo, Scarface, when the pimp is back on the set Is the pimp back on the set, man? [Chorus 2X: singer] It's Dirty in the morning, Dirty at night It's Dirty on the east, it's Dirty on the westside It's Dirty down south, it's Dirty up top And that Ol' Dirty party, you know the party don't stop [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, where my ladies at, in the club with the Baby Phat I'm in the Mercedes black, with crazy gats I keep the club pumped, everybody shake your ass Like Mystikal baby, shake it fast This is for my models and thugs, with the bottle of bub My little man with the hollows of snub You can catch me by the speaker, got the flavor for the fever Five minutes later, flavor for little sweeter Cause we in the best dressed, the fly shit Ready to die shit, Brooklyn Bedstuy shit With all my live tricks, with nice guys, petite waist with nice eyes Call me Dirty: mister nice guy Never catch me alone, without the chrome It's like catching ya dog, without the bone The only thing that take me out my zone If the party ain't pumping, off or I ain't home [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now that I'm here to correct things, don't expect lanes Stretch cane, sit on the block, until the rest came We all know stress pain, or I need exchange for jet planes Rockin' vests, over my chest chain I defeat champ, drama keep me peeps amp My team on every corner, like the street lamp Always be the first to set it, my thirst is pathetic You farting like you the cup, shits, forget it I'm for the first in every verse, then edit Only way you need me, this called was her's or medic Keep my shit rocking, peep my click knocking Every day in the streets, we keep popping Sensation in your toes, make you move your feet My crew's in jeeps, move with the baddest freaks My news is deep, you can't get close to me Everybody in the east and west, you with me? [Chorus 2X] [Hook 8X:: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Eastside, back it up Westside, back it up [Chorus 2X] [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Bitches you down with me, niggas is down with me Ya'll down with me, you down with me Come on, you down, with me, come on, come on, come on Come on, baby come on, baby come on, baby come on Come on, come on, baby come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, baby come on, baby come on Baby come on... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Hoodlum Soundtrack Song: Dirty the Moocher Typed by: wubrothernumber1@hotmail.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ladies and gentlemen introducing Cab Calloway Featuring the Dirt Dog First things first man you're fuckin with the worst I'll be stickin pins in your head like a fuckin nurse I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack Come fully packed with the fat rugged stack The heat is on, I'm about to blow up the spot All I wanna see is fire cause I'm makin shit hot Like the blow between glocks, mad niggas I shot Give a fuck on a cop, conversate with a lock Down at the chop-chop, 600th and Rock Crazy as a fox tryin to rob Fort Knox The DeNiro-Al Pachino war Tryin to score mad dough like a million or more For the illegal war that's all I saw It's all about that knot in ya I'm alone, I roll with 6 niggas with stones Every hour tap my phone with embezzlement stones Get a loan from the stocks because of my pops Fifty bills in the pocks, Wu-Gambino got props [Cab Calloway] But Minnie had a heart as big as a whale Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi (Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi) Hoooooooooooooooooooooo (Hoooooooooooooooooooooo) He-de-he-de-he-de-he (He-de-he-de-he-de-he) Heeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy (Heeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Elevator scheme with the scheme to catch CREAM Some diamond rings, jewels all types of priceless things Just in case you don't make it to the safe Don't talk to Jakes or your whole shit be laced Got a bomb bout ready to blow up shit The White House nuh be quiet as a mouse My job is hundred proof, better know the scoop Got niggas undergrounds, in your walls, in your roofs About made zoo, 6-6-6-6-2 Cause I'm goin all out with the supplies of Balu I'm unstoppable, my six man team is unstoppable Stickin my middle fuckin finger at you Livin in America's fuckin fucked up When I was young some say I had no sense I rhymed all day until my throat got tense And bought em by the cage from my lungs to my knees In the winter I cough, all summer I sneeze Ah-choo! Then I was sore, there was only one cure Original rhymes wholesome in thought Democratics are debatin wanna be the imitatin But the knowledge that I'm givin positively stimulatin I acknowledge any MC in a South Bronx town South Proof Projects, did they really go down Shit, I remember when I was 12 years old I didn't know about frontin or playin a role I thought I was slick, I fell harder than bricks With my best lyrics and my uptown ticks Prince start jackin in my baseball cap I'm tellin many chit-chats step off my jockstrap Approach this party other known as a jam Lookin for my cousin Bam-Bam Sleepingham >From front to back the jam was packed Over there some dance, over there I just macked I looked around then I started to walk Heard an older woman's voice and a silly slang talk The kid was nice for payin the price And give weak MCs beneficial advice Yes, beneficial meaning good for more Frontin cause with the mamas would have loved to explore Studied MC and changed lyrics around Before I became a member of the lost and sound My words I strung, I bettered my voice Rollin over people known to be top choice Ch-ch - BLAOW BLAOW BLAOW Hoodlum Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi (Hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi) Ho-de-ho-de-ho-de-ho (Ho-de-ho-de-ho-de-ho) He-de-he-de-hee-de-heeee (He-de-he-de-hee-de-heeee) Hooooohhhoooooooooooooooooooooooo (Hooooohhhoooooooooooooooooooooooo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mystikal and Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: I Got The Hook-Up! soundtrack Song: Who Rock This? Typed by: souljasno@hotmail.com We got the hook-up Hook it up hook it up Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click [Ol'Dirty Bastard] Yo, yo, yo I demolish emcees in the south go south Sound few projects that really don't doubt Well as I remember I was 12 years old Didn't know about fronting or playing a role Yo thought I was slick, felt harder than bricks With my Mr. duh and my uptown kicks [Mystikal] Its my time to come in this bitch and put my foot down I'm getting ready to fitting knock your mothafucking door down Cause when Ol Dirty Bastard doing something you know its bout to go down All them motherfuckers that didn't know I bet they know now Bitch you better slow down before you get tore down The click I roll with, weak niggas can't go round (Ya'll what) Nigga we hot bring your ass to the ground OWWWW, hard to pronounce [Chous] Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click [Ol Dirty Bastard] Watch cha waiting thru your rap fatigues If the mc world was a minor league See would niggas cease where it is unique Tear itzzzz up from an old antique Don't inspect the project, bet on you frees Hardhead, startin that said siamese I never like rhymes that's incomplete Then again obsolete, shall I repeat Its an easy street for a nigga who earn Learn so dern and a nigga return Add intelligent, positive messenger Experiment negative Lucifer I'm intelligent so excellent Girls wanna talk to me I don't give you know hint Will I wait a moment give you a compliment Bitch do you think this is some sort of entertainment Forget about that, that's just experiment Damn a nigga blew a fuse off the things I invent Allow myself, my fresh reducement Better step to the left of the rap lightning There's no replacement for my supplement Of the new testament cause what I say is what I meant Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click [Mystikal] Motherfucker WOO SHIT I'm a stomp you bitch H-bomb on a nigga cause you can't do this When I pull up my bitch we all spray, bitch be gone its gone be on It'll be a motherfucking murderer on this microphone I ain't gone die no hoe BOY, I'm out the N.O I'm a 5-0-4 BOY, you a fucking fool I'M A 5-0-4 BOY, No Limit and WU I'M ROWDY ON THE FLOOR BOY Huh nigga what Who rock this bitch We rock this bitch Who run this bitch We run this bitch That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click That No Limit click That Wu-Tang click The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Lift Up Yah Skirt 12" Song: Lift Up Yah Skirt Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Turn it up! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] One nigga, two nigga, three nigga, four One of you niggaz is about to get fucked up It's the Ol' Dirt McGirt, live and uncut Live and uncut, ready to bust some nut Like when I first came home, I boned Simone Fucked her so hard, pussy started to groan Seven in the morn', woked up and yawned The bitch scrambled my eggs, she wrote me a song (Sing it!) It's all because of Dirt Dog That the reason I took my skirt off You went away -- now I'm back with The Roc And this is where the bullshit stop Plus these voices in my head, want me to go back Pick up your guns, don't take your Prozac Ritalin, Codelin, Zoloft, cocaine Wu-Tang, nigga, it's the new John Coltrane [Chorus: girl (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man If you can't do it, then no one can (Mr. McGirt, gonna get you dirty Lift up yah skirt, I'm gonna get you dirty) Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog, you our man If you can't do it, then no one man (It's The Roc in the house, gonna get you dirty The Wu-Tang Clan gonna get you dirty) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Enough to make a nigga, go crazy Shut down the Grammy's, ask my grammy Wu-Tang for the kids, but your host can't stand me Wu-Tang for the kids, bust them off for family Catch me on Disney (ma, who is he?) Down Dirty, stinky, grime and grizzly Old man McGirt, lookin' under your skirt Fucked the pussy til' it's orange, like Ernie and Bert Like, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up She said, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up Meth got the weed, we can burn it up I told the D.J., nigga, turn it up I want a girl that help me take my medication Or I don't end up at the police station I don't wanna go back to the police station They tried to send Dirt on a long vacation The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Pharrell Williams Album: Operator 12" Song: Operator * Typed by: Davida.b. * original version w/o The Clipse, additional two ODB verses [Chorous: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Pharrell Williams)] Operator (operator) Get the police (she's so fine) Operator (operator) Get the police (she's so finen) Look at that girl (she's so fine) Look at that girl (say it again) Look at that girl (must be a crime) Operator [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Met this bitch, by the name of Suzy She was a bad bitch, she had a big ol' booty She got me set up, when I went to the projects Bad ass bitch, she was the one to holla at Had another bitch by the name of Precilla You know that bad bitch, she taste like vanilla In my car, looking good like that Getting money, making rushes, down with rats Saying to myself, no one can defeat me I got my dick out, come on bitch, feed me Let shit out, go down the throat Nigga like me, never miss a note If rain, I got coke, so I can't soaked Make a nigga go, I takes that dough Get hot like Superfly I'm the best at this shit and I don't know why [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Girls with money, drippin' from your ass I don't give a fuck, I'm smoking grass You known me from down the block, I'm that good Sold to your people in your neighborhood Baby how you want, the period is yummy The diamonds in my mouth, I'm eatin' gummy The feet bitch, I'm not lookin' at the corn The way you farted, smell like them horns You got enough body, enough to start a fight Your deep throat, me solo, say all night I'm movin' on you, screwin' on you Don't know what I'm doing on you Ain't your man, but I know I'm chewing on you You'll be best, when me and you leave the set Got rubies, how did you get them neck? How do you feel about that bitch, if the bitch is a fatty Hit that bitch, now take it from me [Hook 4X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (girl)] If you ain't sweating, there's something wrong, girl (I am....) Say it louder [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now bitch tell me right now, why you trying to kill me As if that I like bitches like Eazy-E You float like a butterfly, sting like a bee Knock that ho out like Muhammad Ali Spin in my mouth, throw your knees to the floor Squeel like a pig, I squeel like a whore Squeel like a motherfucker, do on tour 69 girl, get on all fours Winter, Spring, Summertime, Fall When I walk down the street, do a man whore Black blueberry bitch, stink, girls itch Forget two G, I'm filthy man rich Tuesday, Wednesday, I take off Get it bitch, get it, my dick needs floor I'm gonna get this CREAM, teen girl, hurt you, fuck laws Movin' on your broads, fly skit tours [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ M.M.O. Album: Protect Ya Neck Collection, Vol. 1 Song: Drug Free (Remix) Typed by: goldenarms3636@hotmail.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Kids, don't get high Mothafuckas had me up in this mothafucka, last night and shit I'm cocained the fuck up Paranoid as a motha.. yo I'm paranoid as a fucka Yeah, fuck that.. yo I fuck around and shit I sprained both of my fuckin' fingers This shit.. man a nigga need to get.. I'm tired of gettin' high like that Ain't nobody came in my mothafuckin' school with no mothafuckin' drugs Stop fuckin' wit me niggas, stop fuckin' wit me Nigga, that shits all in my family, nigga Stop fuckin' wit me, the fuck is you talkin' bout? On the strength, what the fuck is you talkin' bout? We've been here too many years to stop fuckin' wit me Nigga I'm scared of the trigga While I'm the life giver and the life taker I'm your father-in-law, married to mother-in-law Got the universe movin' in the form of the sea-saw You killed 2Pac and Biggie, you know they was rollin' wit me You paid for your stupidity You can't do nothin' to me! I let your fuckin' eagle fly free Nigga, I'm pioneerin' all the sound ya hearin' Earth from steerin', high mountaineerin' I sincerely fuck you up severly by the yearly Keep the sky clearly I'm straight from the seventies Mockneck colors wit ya bitch ass disappearance Give me clearance, I don't want no fuckin' interference! I'm the Big Black Jesus! Throw ya hands in the air! And wave 'em, fuckin' Wu don't care! And if ya +'Bout It, 'Bout It+ Like we're +'Bout It, 'Bout It+, let me hear ya say, "Oh yeah!" Oh yeah! Well, oh yeah! I smoke woolers too, I majored the dust Uh, it's legal for me I drink everything, I don't give a fuck It's part of the universe Hey, what else I do? I do what I do Man, fuck that! I stays high! I don't give a fuck! [Trigg'nomm] Yo yo yo I don't stop at the booze, no not, can't drop the tool So no to C.Rules and go to these schools Now who thinkin' elementary, class I be see no to ecstacy and hash Headed to the penitentiary one way Blackin' out sippin', dust plus gun play Knucklehead nigga in a stolen Hyundai Sip this two, a one-to-three on Monday If I'd have stayed in school and said no to drugs I'd probably just be what my moms thought I was I probably wouldn't be here pleadin' with the judge And bitchin', it's silly, hope the God forgive it [Ol' Dirty Bastard] (Yeah) Kids, don't use drugs! (What what what what? M.M.O!) Durg Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! Durg Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! {*beat cuts off*} Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-dun Dunh, do-do-do-duh-duh-duh Dun-dun-dun Maybe I was a fool, dun-do-na-na-na When you say gettin' high wasn't cool, do-na-na-na When I got used to this stuff, dun-duh-na-na-na {*snorting*} Wasn't enough.. {*beat comes back in*} Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! [Itchy-Fingas Sha] Eh-yo, we worldwide, Drug Free but we all hide Pumpin' adrenaline through all sides Most guys need coke to cope, the only smoke I choke is when I burn niggas verse for verse My drug caper, stoppin' ya heart just like a pacemaker We hold weight so we cross trainers And headbangers with these black Rangers Feds tryin' to contain us Cuz we live dangerous, drug paraphanelias My life changes, switch up frames in different angles Crack'll leave ya dead or with shackles on ya ankles Loves and thank yous, but it's a privelage for me Givin' 'em Drug Free style, M.M.O., O.D.B. [Outro: M.M.O.] Baby.. Baby Jesus, Baby Jesus Deadly Venoms - Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Rawhide 7" Song: Don't U Know Part II (short version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard, Shorty Shit Stain Yo, turn the-- drop the, drop the drums Yeah, drop the drums (I know all the time) Step up to the mic boo (It be hard to use a Trojan) Yeah, let me hear you (Cause your shit can't breath...) (Sex is something that everybody needs) I know all the time fellas           It's hard to use a Trojan (Everybody wants, everybody loves)  Cause your shit can't breathe           It's all closed in (Sex is something that everybody needs) Put the beat on, put the beat on (Everybody wants, everybody loves) Chorus: Shorty Shit Stain Sex is something that everybody needs Everybody wants, everybody loves (repeat 2X) - If you want it baby     if you want it babe     better use a Trojan! Verse One: I know all the time fellas, be hard to use a Trojan Cause your shit can't breathe, it feels all closed in You wanna slip itoff, ohh baby I like it raw But why i wanna hurt myself for? I was walking down my block, say my block Munroe Said peace to this girl, girl said hello Well hell is low, and the lowest you can go Is thirty-two degrees, below zero So I started to rain on this young bitch brain Causin her a great relief of physical pain She said, "Tit for tat, step off da bra strap. No diamonds, no gold, I can never get a rap." I said, "So what?", as I grabbed herbutt Bitch smiled for a while but her mouth kept shut Bitch eighteen years old, just birthed a child Young in the brain though her thoughts are wild On welfare, but she don't care She says, "FTF is always there." FTF means face-to-face Main, headquarters of your local place Where, you collect your monthly pay To support bad habits youse abuse everyday There hasnever been a girl in my entire life My girl, my next, ex or my wife And never been one who tried to disrespect I'm speakin bout the member of the opposite sex! There's somethin that I gotta let out But I don't want to be known as Ralph the Blabbermouth Quiet as kept, she thought I was soft But all I wanted to do, is knock her boots off Just from obtaining the common sense You can tell that the girl seemin rather quite dense Other than dense she played slightly bold But from the statement I made she could not uphold herself She broke down, and she started to cry she said "Oh! I don't believe this guy!" What what you gonna do? May I diss her? Yes you may That girl's a slut, with a hole in her butt Who used to be a meaty-bone puppy child little mutt Came to my house smellin like trout I said, "Doggie doggie doggie, get out!!" She did my dick, I mean she bit bad vicious Dirt Megirt, deep dark and delicious She's a doo-doo BUH Alcoholic NUH and her ass is tighter than a pair of vice GRIPS Speaking of a TUH I won't kiss, because they don't give milk Them shit, kick, see uh Let me tell you about the rash from the neck it's enough to put the ring around the collar in check She's nothin but a BUH otherknown as a WUH with an irritating ITCH from trying to SWITCH Strung out ass, foggin up glass Tell all the NUH that the pussy first class Smoke a bag of hash with the money she stash But she had to play the corner just to make that cash Pulled down her panties and scratched that rash Then rubbed it with that a pimp had slashed Tryied to get saved at the Tabernacle Prayer But the only thing holy was her shitty underwear I will change a style, always I will fix But you can not teach an old bag... Outro: Yo I ain't got to say no more Son Yo word to God man Only thing I'm saying man, is use a Trojan KnowhatI'Msayin? Fore real man Cause it's on man YouknowhatI'msayin? I had to learn that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Shimmy Shimmy Ya 7" CD single Song: Shimmy Shimmy Ya (extended version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Verse One: Shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yam shimmy ya gimme the mic so I can take it away off on a natural charge bom-voyage yeah from the home of the doge brooklyn scwad Wu-Tang killer bee's on a swarm  rain on your collage ass disco dorm for you to even touch my skill you gotta put the one killer bee and he ain't gonna kill  now chop that downpass it all around lyrics get hard quick cement to the ground for any em-cee in any fifty two states I get psycho, killer, Norman Bates my producer slam my flow is like bamm jump on stage ah then I dip doown (I like the way you talk) Chorus: repeat 2X Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww [backwards verse incorporating part of Verse Two] Verse Two: (additional extended verse) See, when a nigga say he likes it raw He means dirty, down to the floor see my name is the Ol'DB and I'll beat your ass for the ladies who know me tell them who the fuck I be for the niggas who know me tell them who the fuck I be my style comes down on ya'll like rocks by the doc umm by the flock by the creak by the flock  got east coast locked down padlocked my sulu be all all down by the flock Chorus: repeat 2X Verse One: repeat Yo ya'll know the lyrics come on sing with me Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard f/ MC Eiht, E-40 Album: Shimmy Shimmy Ya 12" -- Studio Ton Remix Song: Shimmy Shimmy Ya (Studio Ton Remix) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * - clean version is the only version that exists  Intro: Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww (with your MC at the epicenter) Oooh baby I like it raw (sup boo? sup? sup baby?) Yeah baby I like it rawww Oooh baby I like it raw (it's E-40 man) Yeah baby I like it rawww (sup baby?) Oooh baby I like it raw (I see y'all, I see you whassup y'all) Yeah baby I like it raww (sup?? SUP???) Shimmy shimmy ya shimmy yeah shimmy yay Gimme the mic so I can take it away Off on a natural charge, bon voyage Yeah from the home of the Dodger, Brooklyn squad WU-TANG! Killa beez on the swarm Reign on your college-aXX disco dorm For you to even touch my skill You gotta go the one killa bee and he ain't for the kill Verse One: MC Eiht I'm givin you that funky funky aXX-sXXX (That sXXX) that you gotsa ta fXXX wit So stand back cause I don't hope my funk threw a bunk on your silly billy aXX and you too soft I'm givin that brain a little tickle I'm thicker than a buXX-lickin indo popsicle (popsicle) Fool you know I'm too cold I leave that ass hangin, hangin like a bXXXX on hold can suck my DING, you bring like static I shoots like a fXXXXn automatic (automatic) Classy ------- I'm in em I'm deadly like a m---------n snake's, venom So it's on bad cuz these zaggin come around your block and we strapped with the Mac And you get served like a clucker E four oh and the Eiht, down with that dirty moXXXXXXer Geyeah Interlude: [backwards verse] The nigga that discovered electricity Yo gimee some of that Hurricane SO! Verse Two: E-40, Ol Dirty Cookin y'all on the burner inside a Rolex Clocked, to a fat ass nXXXa clad in black, honk! Might act my color but now E four oh ain't no dummy though Might not know how to read and write but I do know how to count money hoe NXXXa this game ain't wrinkled, hoe I don't need no starsight to serious aXX nXXXa twenty-first of March Time's up in this b---h right, East West whoride BXXXXes don't understand my isht that we be servin Uhhhh, I'm from the Bed-Stuy, now do or die I got somethin for your a-- now I'm passin lye See E-40 Click roll thick like a hoe drippin ---- The A-von, isht Chorus: Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Oooh baby I like it raw Yeah baby I like it rawww Verse Three: Ol Dirty Bastard Most MC's get all too hyped From the tent we'll rhyme and take you out with a tank It's not MC just an MC bee Weak on your words you never thought of by freein positive thoughts that I let come out Ask the God A-SON I know what it's about On the mic I'm a leader, school I was a reader When it come to f----n I'm a strong good breeder MC max and we worn out wax Collect the cash money, without ever being taxed and then I, got your attention I'd like to mention, DON'T BATTLE ME at any rap convention Yo I'd like to give a shout out to all you live zaggin out there And also like to give a shout out to all you punk ------ out there I wanna give a shout out to all the true black women, because I love you And I also wanna give a shout out To them fake a-- b----s out there YaknowhatI'msayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard and Coolio Album: Slam soundtrack Song: The Park Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [ODB] Yeah, youknowhatI'msayin, to you? I was in Riker's Island, youknowhatI'msayin? High impact, youknowhatI'msayin? They they had me pickin cigarettes (SLAM!) A thousand cigarettes up off the floor Doin push-ups, all that bullshhhh Yo I'm tryin to (SLAM!) I just wanna give a shout, to all the jails everywhere Cause you know, I know it's a game (Just SLAM!) YaknowhatI'msayin? The government got a game Get all the brothers locked down (This one, is a hit, it's called SLAM!) But it ain't like that baby! Knahmsayin? I'm not havin it no more (Doin it at the park) Me personally, knowhatI'msayin? (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) Yo, check this out (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) This is the jam called SLAMMMMM (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) Yo, yo bust thissssssss! Yo white boy don't you got a shadow? Black boy don't you got teeth, what the fuck is the beef? Some tame buck nigga in the movie, said a little poetry Had some problems with the cops, cause his man gun was hot And of course, fuck that red tape (*gavel pounds three times* "Guilty!!") [Coolio] I gotta spit at y'all, they runnin some shit on y'all Or should I say yes, cause I'm still on the bus So y'all is really me it's just, y'all is already you I hereby do declare, all of us is we Quit your silly-ass games and, petty-ass dirts see and put greed to the side for good for your heart it's like a court minus time divide (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (A-dubba-dubba-dah!) [Coolio] We live in a society created by an empire that's based on terror, welcome to the One World Era A complete interruption to your lil' paultry ass life that you thought you was livin, and what you been given No more Benzes to roll in, fat-ass stacks of money Cause ain't no such thing as money I bet y'all niggaz think it's funny Put your money where your mouth or where your mouth used to be Cause ain't shit on this planet, or in this life for free We gonna do it like Osirus and The Warriors in the dark Get your niggaz and my niggaz and some mo' niggaz and have a meeting in the park! [ODB] Lost in the sauce, cause you think you got force Get this across, there is only ONE boss A NUH got it locked down, while NUH be dumbfound and got alllll on the surrounnnnnd!! Who you think own the ships planes and trains? Now you got a white man's name! (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) [C]	Yo whassup son? [O]	Yo whaSSUP lOC? [C]	You ready to heat it up at make this system smoke? [O]	BLAOW, BLAOW, BLAOW [Coolio] We want knowledge, we want wisdom Y'all want bars, Cristal and bitches [ODB] We want off shore bank accounts, property We wanna show you how to do it, properly [Coolio] Fuck your friends, stack your ends The next time somebody tryin to run game, then pretend that they runnin game then, run game back and [O]	Yo let him let him roll off in his Cadillac [C]	Cause real players play the back [O]	Old schooL FLAVA!!!! (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Doin it at the park) (Doin it LAH-Lah-LAHHH!) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) (Ohhh yeah, rock the park) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Peedi Crakk Album: State Property Presents Vol. II: Chain Gang Song: When You Hear That Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Hook: Beanie Sigel] When you hear that, that's the sound of the police Whoop, whoop, uh, don't get handcuffed by the beast When you hear that, that means the cops is comin' nigga You better get to runnin' nigga [Beanie Sigel] It's been a long time, I shouldn't have left you Without a rhyme about the nine and what the tech do The four pound line, a thirty eight special With AK shells through your tephlon vest too Yeah Scrap, when the Bastard's back out The pastor's back out, the casket's passed out It's shit bags, and them Catholic's passed out Shoot up the crack house, smack worker's bond like crack's out Go to war, Mack never backed out The mac's get backed out, the air's get dust off The cage get bust off, the shaft and the stock get cut off Your cash and your block get cut off And the SWAT and the ambulance rush off My hand on my nuts like fuck ya'll My SP Jeans drift, layin' on them s dot grim shits I'm out to buck you like And 1, just run when the van come [Chorus: Beanie Sigel, Ol' Dirty Bastard] When you hear that, that's the sound of the police Whoop, whoop, man, you better throw that piece Toss the handgun, before the man come When you hear that, that means the cops is comin' nigga You better get to runnin' nigga Toss the handgun, before the man come [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu.. Shame on a nigga, who try to run game on a nigga Who put the strengths on a nigga Wu bandana, I smoke Diana Fuck Joanna, she hot, though we be hand her The Ol' is famous, put in the rhymin' I gets mine, stop being wondrous Americana, half Montana Only gonna smoke the best marijuana Dis the Grammy's, on the panel Change the channel, good smell flannel You think shit is dandy, well fuck your candy Forty foot glock! Shoot with handy I fucked Amanda, you talk propaganda Only gettin' money, on the Maranda I stay candid, government branded Heavy handed, woman demanding [Peedi Crakk] It's not game of R. Kelly Run up on twenty-six and seven, coke peli' Open up and them in deli, spray whoever the sweaty My felony, mix emotions when I walk in that building That's why I sip that purple pill that make choke up your seven Back the ac'! As if you don't notice Make me call that boy Mack, Bean Sig' flip you over Respect mine, them tech nine's ain't my thing I defeat the purpose of death lyin' with one ring Make the place, vacate, I can't wait For you to come out your face, so I could come off the waist Hey, it's Peedi, Peedi, when you see me, take it easy My uncle be named Reesy, his luger be named Squeezy Make you get low without M-Eazy My murder just might please you, you know them niggaz my people's And every time you see me do my thing They tell me, Peedi, Peedi, crush easy, the Mac gon' ring [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] When you hear that! Yeah, this that shit straight out of jail, muthafuckas YouknowhatI'msayin, you know how we get down, nigga This that real shit, muthafucka, 2003 shit muthafucka YouknowhatI'msayin, Dirt McGirt, muthafucka Dirt McGirt, muthafucka, Beanie Sigel, muthafucka Beanie Sigel, nigga, better get down and lay down State Property! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard, Boy Jones, Buddha Monk Album: Wu Music Group presents Pollen: The Swarm, Pt. 3 Song: Dirts the Boogie Typed by: Cno Evil [Hook 2X: Buddha Monk] Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie Dirts the boogie, Dirts the boogie [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Come on, baby, let me hear you jump Come on, baby, let me see you stomp Come on, baby, let your body go Come on, baby, let it flow, flow, flow [Ol' Dirty Bastard] The most amazing, rhyme blazing, smoke that purple haze and I'm the Ol' Dirt McGazing After the club, I'm straight up dazing I fuck til my nuts shiver up like raisins Everybody just, do my dance While your girl, she feel my dick through her pants I'm the Ol' rotten slang, that Wu-Tang mixture Leave your head to bang, boom bang licked up Watch the speaker kick up, bitch eat my dick up Ass stick up, I'mma hit her quicker Never find a nigga nasty as Dirty Still fuck a bitch if her ass is dirty Still sip the Hennessey if the glass is dirty You ain't getting shit if your cash ain't dirty [Hook 2X] [Boy Jones] Hit a ho, make her go crazy Doctor, doctor, she having a baby (Girl: oh, no, who could it be?) Out is the son of the ODB My name is Bar, I'm made like a Maybach car (Girl: you crazy) What you say that for? Bar slick with the gift of gab, I throw jabs (Girl: tell the cop, boy, get your black butt in the lab) Still got a slab of that welfare cheese Still get features from government G's Still looking for a big butt to squeeze Ol' Dirt, are you gonna give Lil' Dirt a G? [Hook 2X] [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol Dirty Bastard f/ 12 O'Clock Album: Tales From the Hood soundtrack Song: Ol Dirty's Back Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard Sup? Let's go. (Yo Snoop Dogg! Yo Dre! Yo Too $hort! E-40, and the motherfucking Click!) Nuff respect to the West coast. (Duhhn duhhn duhhn) Yo, Ol Dirty Bastard coming through Know what I'm saying? I got the East coast locked the FUCK down Hear my SHIT, nigga! (Dirty dirty dirty, Brooklyn!) Verse One: 12 O'Clock Shit is crazy real in the field I watched niggaz blood get spilled over five dollar bills And major drug deals on the real See a nigga get meals and his bitch get him killed In this American dream to get some cream You're ownin a Beem, and your face in magazines 12 O'Clock maintains in the game Bring the Pain to smokin Method, main It's not all about the fame, silly ass dames Get a gold record and you change And for the niggaz sellin cocaine, you're too blame Black people lives ain't the same And that's the Tale in my Hood Niggaz is up to no good, you better watch em in them hoods Verse Two: Ol Dirty Bastard I always thought livin life was easy Go to school, get a job, yo it couldn't be me So instead, I played my bed My momma got fed, and now a nigga livin with a dread My best fuckin friend, knew him since ten Nigga feed me CREAM, let me whip the Benz Houses all over Texas, lightning gold Lexus He had enough respect to dress this Expensive Tim suits, girl wearin fly Gucci boots Put me on like POOK! Every morning that I awake Ten G's in my fuckin face, combination to the safe! Son run the state, carrying coke by the weight Nigga put pounds in the weed gate And it's ran by Ol Dirty 12 O'Clock, my little brother, he keeps it dirty Dirty [Fuck all that motherfucking drug selling shit  I wanna see some motherfucking lyrics  I wanna hear some motherfucking lyrics  What up nigga, what?] Hahahahahahahahahahaha I got you nigga Verse Three: 12 O'Clock, Ol Dirty Bastard I'll rip mics on site you know the type New Jack, this is my City like Wesley Snipes Go fly a kite or somethin, make some muffins I come up bad in the town like Charles Bronson Now set your speaker and I'll do you for that reason 12 is no joke I bring wreck through the seasons Solomon, contend, many more but just when That Joker act you can save for Jack Nicholson One two and three, through your rap fatigue In the MC world, is a minor league What you speak, you swear it's unique It's just a peek, physique, of an old antique Don't expect a project, then it's bound to freeze Your whole head is stuck and stiff Next Siamese, I never liked rhymes That's incomplete, then again obsolete I shall repeat, there's an Easy Street For niggaz who earned, then learn your sojourn Then you return, as an intelligent, positive, messanger Not an experiment negative Lucifer With a tittling gloss of crafted skin Nothing like spring sauce, of the true origin Who would score, the wizard of war Came in best man was a god damn dinosaur No more jungle-like living, from the Blue Lagoon It's not an Animal House, National loon Lampoon If you understand the what when Why how, are you fellas who exempt or to disallow, a fresh MC, that will knock you down I gets dizzy spellbound like a merry-go-round While I'm freaking, shall I expose You take a subject, and then you decompose... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ 62nd Assassin Album: Unreleased *Return* Promo Song: Dirty & Stinkin' Typed by: SeanD@Wu-Tang.com ODB: Yo, this ain't a Wu-Tang type slang, know what I'm sayin? I wanna just represent the whole Clan you know what I'm sayin? The GZA, Prince Rakeem, you know what I'm sayin?, Ghostface Killah Shallah Raekwon, Inspectah Deck, Baby-U, Method Man, 12 O'Clock Dirty O', 62nd Assassinater, know what I'm sayin?, style is coming Boom This recorded and it's dirty and it's stinkin', funkier than regular Abuse, so I was thinkin' - about, droppin' this single on the charts lettin ya know, hey! - the kid has heart, I never deny myself as being Dope, but in my last jam, didn't slep on my notes You thought that I was weak, huh?, let me speak My rhymes come funkier than ya grandfathers feet, so listen mister Don't you ever forget the rhyme is dirty, you couldn't even clean it With Comet, for even more axe, some try Ajax Only mix with the best, 48-tract-ya I get down with the 8 sole sounds Lyrics that be flowin' from miless around, so let the music Shut ya ass up, then feel the uppercut, now I make ya fall to ya rutt 62nd Assassin: Cabush!!!!, can I get up? - Oof!! - Crazy Stouf!! Mad chamerz comin' at ya!, a 62nd Assassiner, strap into ya staminer A hardcore freakin' avenor, tearin' up the vibe for set Wit the mystery of Chess, -Boxin' at your mutherfuckin' text Then ya slip, when I flip, only on that combatic shit Rhymes comin straight from the fuckin' pits, so toggle up Don't puddle up, better yet just duck, I'm callin all earth-forms Huh!, I don't play games, I make pain, or migraines Stick it to ya ass like pain's, who in the hell did, ever drop shit Rammin' the mic, with 5 fingers of death, then bombed shit Like big momma, ya long gone, along with desert storm But have ya not heard, Word is bond ODB: 62nd Assassinator, comin' at a theatre near you It's Dirty and it's Stinkin', Yeah It's Dirty and it's Stinkin', Yo It's Dirty and it's Stinkin', Yes It's Dirty and it's Stinkin' [I wanna tell ya somthin'] Yo!, Let me continue, verse number 2, style is wild, dirty stinkin Like (? - doodoo), If ya hangin' around, ya change ya mind It is a bad influence, but yo!, it's my rhyme I sit down and I say to myself [self], yo are you ready to top ya self? I drop the single for you to get a dose of, As I lay back Like a pillow on a sofa, gettin' paid?, yehhh!, right, would it? Why asking me, G? what, what, what, what, you know me My mouth is sugar, sweet as a honey bee, taste like a forty Stinkin' like Old-E'!, but I drink Ol' English so I speak Ol' English You gotta be Dirty and Stinkish, and if it's not, well I guess I'm not The A-S-O-N my friends It's Dirty and it's Stinkin' It's Dirty and it's Stinkin', Baby It's Dirty and it's Stinkin', Yes It's Dirty and it's Stinkin', I said It's Dirty and it's Stinkin' It's Dirty and it's Stinkin' Over and over Wu-Tang comin through ya town The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Urban Renewal (Phil Collins Tribute) Song: Sussudio Typed by: chris.wilcock@btinternet.com Dirty? Phil Collins Ol' Dirty Yeah, Su-su-ssudio Sudioo [Ol' Dirty Bastard] This recording is dirty and a-stinkin' Pukier than Pepe' le Peu So I was thinkin About, droppin' this single on the charts Letting you know "Hey! The kid has heart" I never deny myself as being dope But in my last jam, niggas slept on my notes You thought that I was weak Uhh, let me speak My rhymes come funkier than your gram'phone would speak So listen, mister, don't you ever forget The rhyme are dirty, you couldn't clean it with Comet Or even Morax, some try Ajax Only mix with the best, 48 tracks Yo, I get down with the eight song sound Lyrics that be flowing from miiiiiles around So let the music shut ya ass up And feel the uppercut that'd make you fall to your butt, w-what! Chorus: [Female singer] If he calls me, I'll be there I'll come running, anywhere He's all I need, all my life Feels so good if I just say the word Su-Su-ssudio Just say the word, oooh Su-Su-ssudio Uh ohh [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Let me continue, verse number two Style is wild, Dirty stinkin' like doo-doo If your hangin' around, you change your mind If it's a bad influence, but yo it's my rhyme (my rhyme) I sit down and I say to myself Sell, yo, or you on the top, shelf I drop this single for you, to get a dose of As I lay back, like a pillow on a sofa Gettin paid? Yeah, right, fully My ass can be G one one one You know me My rhyme is sugar Sweet as a honey bee Tastes like a ?? Stinkin' like OE, yeah Well I drink Old English So I speak Old English If not, I'd be dirty and stinking And if not, well I guess I'm not The A-S-O-N, my friend You wouldn't understand Chorus: [Female singer] If he calls me, I'll be there I'll come running, anywhere He's all I need, all my life Feels so good if I just say the word Su-Su-ssudio Just say the word, oooh Su-Su-ssudio Uh ohh If he calls me, I'll be there I'll come running, anywhere He's all I need, all my life Feels so good if I just say the word Su-Su-ssudio Just say the word, oooh Su-Su-ssudio Uh ohh If he calls me, I'll be there I'll come running, anywhere He's all I need, all my life Baby Su-Su-su-ssudio The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Wastin' Time (No More) (S) Song: Wastin' Time (No More) Typed by: Tha Masta [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Please pull the plug if the drugs are winning Cuz the high will keep your world spinning Wasted time, thought about the high with fam True the cash was there, and the stash was there And I thought that Forever that the Wu was there Wasted time, on hoes, pussy and clothes I'm the Don of the rose, it's the life I chose Baby mamas are the worst, bitches don't even work Yet the coach bag matches with your hat and your skirt So I swept for no reason, disappeared for seasons Room may be padded, but damn, it's more easy Beautiful girls tease me, they see the sleaze in me But I'ma stay Dirty, except the snake No more will I waste the cake, no more will I run from Jake No more will I make mistakes, no more will I waste the time (nope) [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] No more will you spit in my drink, no more will you poison me I'ma climb real high, feel free with the thug inside No more will I run and hide, wastin' time No more will I taste the drugs, no more will I dodge the slugs I'ma climb real high, feel free with the thug inside No more will I run and hide, no more will I run and hide No more will I waste the time [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I walk on a dirty trail of cash and L's Red Rose, you get high when I exhale Jumped bail cuz the judge promised my ass jail West Coast couldn't hide me, the world's an audience Passed out from the high like Martin Lawrence Had me in the room next to Sarah Connor's But my problem's much greater than any Terminator Not one visit from fam, just letters from fans Saying "Dirt keep ya head up and fuck getting wet up" The Roc told me to sign on the dotted line "Welcome home, Russell Jones, you've been wastin' time" Rocked up a little, bling bling a little Now every roach in the cracks wanna jump in the Ac' Every cat in the front gotta ride in the back You freaks in the Ford, I ride a Cadillac You freaks in the Ford, I ride a Cadillac At last... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard f/ Nicole Ray Album: Welcome Home 12" Song: Welcome Home Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Nicole Ray (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Dirt Dog, Nicole Ray Welcome home, you Dirty mutha-- Wu!!! (2003, Brooklyn, Dirt Dog, Dirt Dog) [Hook 4X: Nicole Ray] Uh oh, Dirt Dog [Chorus: Nicole Ray] It's been so long (so long) Since you've been gone (been gone) So bring my body some heat (some heat) To move slow to this beat (yeah, yeah) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Dirt, the ol' shit, let me put my hands up your skirt Been to you since I flirt, bet your knees get hurt See your titties through your shirt, may I feel like Kurt In bed, I put in work, I got a dick I'll squirt I'm totally psyched, that this party all night When I play the shelf, I'm fuckin' bitches, that ain't my hype I got ass in my sight, girl, would you now blowin' the pipe Jewelry, I wear, bite, I like that pussy tight! Find my drugs in the street, stink assholes in seats Holla at me, tweet, tweet, that's where the fucked up feet Banana livin' bitches, fast it itches Unwire Gucci stitches, get grain to riches Get off the jock! [Hook 4X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Let this bitch, pussy switch I'm a dog, I itch, monkey, I'm rich Settled in Brooklyn, only let crooks in Ghetto black pussy, yeah, I fit in Nigga, I'm most in, party's I'm hostin' My note to cokes in, do the front row sting Put your hot temperature, your pussy sent ya Over here, I pimp ya, white and black I blend ya Dick up like a roaster, you be like whose the My music will lose ya, you miniture I got this microphone, pulled back and cocked And all sperm cells get off the jock! Get off the jock! Yeah [Hook 4X] [Bridge: Nicole Ray] When you play that song We be dancin' all night long Feelin' sexy and so free Music takin' over me [Hook & Bridge to the end] [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Hot for you, comin' soon Dirt McGirt.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Work for Me (Premix) (S) Song: Work for Me (Premix) Typed by: Cno Evil, Tha Masta [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Dirty, ya'll niggas get the fuck up I'm out of jail, nigga, I'm out of jail (Get the fuck out of here muthafucka) (Welcome home, nigga) Dirty, Dirty If y'all don't get the fuck up I'ma swoll one of you muthafucka's eyes shut-in It's Dirt McGirt, muthafucka [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ya'll know who I am, what? Dirt McGirt, baby, whose the man? What part you fools don't understand? Been away now, I'm back by popular demand Ain't a damn thing changed, nigga, back up First nigga to act up, get smacked up Orange suits on hand, Dirty this, Dirty that Yo, where Dirty at? But now Dirty back My girl is nasty, her booty is stank I fucked her all night, until a nigga shoot blanks Doggystyle, won't ever spill my drink Then smoke a blunt, and watch the shit on tape You can sit on my face, I like the taste If my P.O. call, tell that bitch to wait I break your face, invade your space Don't make the mistake, tell me who is in the place what? [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, let me see you work something Slow down, don't hurt nothing You nasty, ain't ya? You freaky, ain't ya? (Yeah, Dirty) Get ya ass over here, shake it like ya just don't care Now bounce-bounce, move it over here, now Work, work, move it over here [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Aiyo, I'm still that nigga that just don't give a fuck Where's that Hennessey at? Fill up a cup Brooklyn, where you at? Come on, give me love What the fuck you want? What? Nigga, what? That's right, yeah, I'm working overtime Fresh out the pits, signed and the clothing line And I keep a pretty chick right by my side And I drive fucked, getting D.U.I.'s On the streets they show me love cuz real niggaz feel me Keep shit on me, pitbulls with me Smack a nigga silly, won't show pity Dirt McGirt, the most gritty in the city Do it like Willie, make a bitch show her titties You now the dealy, the hoes don't get a penny Everybody got their hand out for dollars That's why I stay in drama, with all my baby mamas [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm dirty, just like the dirty south I talk dirty, wash out my dirty mouth I'm dirty, just like the dirty south Talk dirty, wash out my dirty mouth What, nigga? Why you wanna get me started? Got me in the club with Tha Alkaholiks On the down low, like I'm ducking the warrant Getting head in the back by the bathroom toilet There's booty all around, let me see the performance She down for whatever, you know I'm all for it Gotta spark hard, hop in sports bar After this, it's the Marriot courtyard Gold card, I'ma max it out Just keep your titties shaking and the apples out You can, stick around, honey, that's no doubt Bust a nut, then I'm passing out [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cappadonna, RZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Wu-Chronicles Song: '96 Recreation (Demo) Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [RZA] Yeah, start wit that one Yo, yo, yo, my acustic futuristic lingustic rap fabric is a mixture of Arabic sandscript in it's italics I talk quick, y'all bitches can't comprehend my dick release spit Wit love should I release hits We travel through bodies like blood vessels All y'all crab niggas try to wrestle to be on top of this pedastool Slang doctrine, minoxin, lyrical toxin, I'm chessboxin Words is rushin through like a herd of angry OXEN!! [Cappadonna] Fatal for these pussy cat niggas is dead weight Concentrate, my murder rate excellerate, terminate So spoil like coke in the foil Knock knock, I shot the whole block Electricity, flow splendidly  Internally inside of me like Tony Starks tee I create excellency, one-sixty call L-O-U-N-G assist me Papi wardrobe is key, roll promptly For slang hall, vocabulary Igor, Frankenstein mind Rewind for a minute while I dig down your track, stupid I move quick shit is accurate, Kojack tactics Chaos, killa bee minds, high society blackness, spread the rumor [RZA] My lyrical marv-el makin more cream than Carvel Y'all niggas best to hold your weight like barbell To my verbal swordsman school, students don't play truant My most prudent pupil, rhyme under influence Of alcohol and to-bacco, mushrooms imported from Morocco Bellies on the rocks, and a twenty sack of choco Wit forty tales and gold around the fist, bitch I carve Glitters on the paper so my family won't starve [Cappadonna] I'm deep in the shit, I stay highly involved Never inconceited, never been beated Been trapped in many wars but not yet retreated My style you need it, I just write to read it It's all fresh lyric, no nothing gets repeated I came a long way and guess what, I succeeded I conquer my opponent, and feed him baby food Cuz he's childish and illiterate, and ye has been rude To the father year me, O-R-I-G Respond to the war wit the killa bee law [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Scavenger nigga, you's a shhriimp A full line of shhiit, my ear can digest iiit Stop drinkin all that water, let's take it to the land So I can Godzilla up your shit mister Tiny Tim man Niggas be creepin up my beanstalk When I start to come down on your fuckin ass You tried to chop shit on up Played my shit like parks bitch, I'm that [RZA] Legendary microphone's weaponary You secondary BITCH-ASS fairies Scary cats won't survive this verbal attack You think you're slang can match The Wu-Tang, EMPHATICALLY now cypher You fake crumbs, you should be stung on your tongue While you young guns bunge, we plunge into the grunge Deep into the dark dungeon, we come in one wind Nine minds combine to form the wisest rhyme force to summon I be the quoted mathematical combination Unloadin mysteries of life, you feel my solar wind blowin [Cappadonna] Just then, I came on the stage like wind Blew slang in your face and it touch your skin You felt chilly, just like you smoked a bag of illy You need a coat just to protect your throat Two pairs of socks, kid I'm cold like ice rise Chap-lipped duds can't fuck wit the chatterbox Cherry heads felt the draft of the ox Shaolin niggas won't fuck wit one block *pause* Broke forgot about half the slang murderer Down wit the union big street sling murderer Terrorizin, move I'm tranquelizin Fast getaway wit the slow speed drivin Two miles an hour, Cappa do it wit the power Somebody blow something, cut fool in the tower Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Wu-Tang (S) Song: Wu-Tang Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard w/ ad-libs] Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang... [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm the God who's ahead of the Lords Dirty Bastard from the Wu-Tang squad Can I get raw, yes I get Dirty to the floor From rhymes, hittin' on your mind, you can't ignore Hip-hop to me is like place to be My specialty from me to you is emee Say what you wanna sayyyahhh, baby say I flip the microphone-ah, any day I'm mad swift because I got that gift of gab Niggaz get mad, because you never had The talent that I got will resound the spot MC's, so, you got paid a lot You ever notice a black man jam mostly slams When it come to the money yo it ain't funny That's why you gotta do what you got to do [Chorus w/ ad-libs] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Here I go again, just the brand new Like my momma, here come Ason, out of the blue Straight to the point, I was born to be dope You doing me, you doing me, you doing me? Nope You slept on the rep, now it's time to break out Like the forty being cracked, kicking you down the mouth The lyrics that I'm kicking you is from the truth All in Together Now, I'm funky like a show Yo, I love rap, and rap loves me Like I'm simply to a microphone to an M.C. Would it be empty, if he has no flow Bugged and thugged, and then slept that loose hoe Cuz I'm the black panther, could you do me, no sir Call me in fact, official now with Skywalker Cuz you couldn't catch nothing, stop busting Just like a man with no legs kicking something [Chorus w/ ad-libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ol' Dirty Bastard, RZA (Bobby Digital) Album: Wu-Tang Killa Beez * The Sting Song: Do Rae Wu Typed by: ThaMasta@WuLyricz.Com [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Frere Jacques, Frere Jacques Do Rae Wu, Do Rae Wu Digi lematina, Digi lematina Ding dong ding, ding dong ding [RZA] Yo The wick is lit, the bombs start to tick, tick, tick Countdown, BZA Bobby 'bout to spit Explode every MC in a four mile radius Still mad with stout like I'm Doctor Octavius Place to brace, I could push on a rival plate The pulse of a Digi stare, make a spiral break Mouth the rhyme, blow his man outside the orbit Who ever thought this thug hip-hop wasn't goin' corporate And gain weight like Chinese put on eight dragon And 'W' on the Flag and and everybody's braggin' Neightborhood wiggin' out cuz the God's livin' out Without biggin' out, Wu-Tang Clan biggin' out Hollywood political wished off, It is Yourz Ready for the next LP to hit stores I got more serious, my smoke be furious My night time walk should be named to Nigerious It crucified you upside down on a wooden cross Shouldn't have doubted the trojan, threw you in a wooden horse Ol' Dirty break these niggaz off You be bitches dumb soft [Chorus w/ RZA] [Interlude: RZA] BOODOODOODOO!!! Yo, yo, yo [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Who want me to show the reels? I do magic spells Children love shootin' guns on devils kill I want a girl that's only too meak to squeal And Wu-Tang keep that shit concealed Roll with me in the drug mobile Fuck my bitches, take it on the wheel Played it all over the world until Wu-Tang secret now revealed O's is killin' all people for head over heals I'm not a 'ciple with +Little Rascals+ Villians, all attracted to my shit for man silk repellent I'm not the well-in, white boys can't get with melon I'm sayin' Wu-Tang is supreme to my wife and ho bitches on tour To make sure, insure, that my wife got paid while I was ditch poor [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ding dong ding, ding dong ding Ol' Dirty Bastard squashin' shit Comin' at ya.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool Keith and O.D.B. Album: WWF Aggression Song: Wreck (Mankind Theme) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*car tires squealing, car crashes*} {*some screams, "ahhhhhhhhhhhh!"*} [Kool Keith] Yeah.. Right down the aisle Kool Keith and the Ol' Dirty for Mankind [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah.. yeah.. And this is gonna be done, with everything [Kool Keith] 2000 texture, rhymin with Ol' Dirty with my New York Jets jersey Left lineman comin in like Mankind with diamonds sparklin around my rhymes Black Levi suits, skully caps and boots Wigs with Grecian Formula Got us warnin ya With backslaps, we put on, mack caps Sit in V.I.P. with blind man lookin like Stevie We nasty, sittin next to Regis and Kathie Front row seats with Blowfly The crowd is so high Tickets with popcorn, we rock for em No circus here, just horses and a unicorn Tuxedos and taxis, we roll with leather maxis Catch the back breeze Gypsy cabs burn rubber Signin autographs for Danny Glover Donny Osmond and Dennis Rodman up in a empty furniture apartment with Mexicans maids, rubbin the spots out the carpet We move and face our targets [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Punch, kick, fight - bite Whatever you do, just kick {his fuckin} ass! Cause I'm much different from, the other MC's cause I got the amazin, abilities I can rock on the mic, so you can have a ball I can fly through the air - stick to the wall I can take a punch, or get hit by a car I can go to the nearest or farthest star As a matter of fact, that's what I wanna talk about how I went outer space, just to be in the house Punch, kick, fight - bite! [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round Punch, kick, fight - bite! [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round Punch, kick, fight - bite! [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round [Kool Keith] With backsprings, nobody seen the girls pee on the mattress Who was the actress when we had to take a leak? I was in the stationwagon listenin to Canibus We're basketball with glasses lookin like Kurt Rambis Ridin the turnpike to Paramus drinkin a box of Tropicanas with this dumb-ass nigga drivin the green Bonneville from Indiana At a truck stop,  the state trooper made me turn down the hip-hop I got out and vomit on the ragtop, stupid eggdrop UHAHHHH! Pass me the towel Was it McDonald's? I'ma sue Ronald   Punch, kick, fight [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round   Punch, kick, fight [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round   Punch, kick, fight [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round   Punch, kick, fight [OD] Punch, kick, fight - bite [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round [OD] Punch, kick, fight - bite [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round [OD] Punch, kick, fight - BITE! [KK] Kick his ass downtown - first round [OD] Punch, kick, fight - BITE!! [OD] Whatever you do KICK HIS {FUCKIN} ASS!!! Artists: Afro Jazz f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Afrocalypse Track: Strictly Hip-hop Typed by: kennyrza@hotmail.com, ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo bust it, yo bust it This is the Dirt Dog and Afro Jazz Here. [Daddy Jokeno (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] On donne un dbit de mots hors du commun - de Brooklyn, Aulnay  Melun (Here comes the medical examiner) pour les hommes, les femmes et mme les aniamux Mais si un animal, donne des animaux, alors un manimal, donne des manimaux! Manie les mots comme un dingue et flingue - quel que soit le moment - j'ai pas besoin de seringues, de pff! j'suis dj dans mon lment Le hip-hop est ma dope - j'ai besoin d'rien d'autre - mon nigga si! Mon quipage, mon bedo, mon zinc Paria in an area, v'la la guerilla - playa playa [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Not been bossy but I'm born to boss Ason, maybe! Yes, well, of course [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Afro Jazz)] I'm down with the All in Together Now Crew The GZA, then the RZA, then me of course too (Quand on prend le mic a donne le strictly hip-hop) That's all that's made, my fuckin workshop [Robo] MC, que mes potes, pas de tuteur o que j'aille j'encule le manuel, je viens d'en bas pour mettre des balles Le hip-hop se ramne pour dvoiler toutes les anomalies Comme les crashs mentaux que la paix a pu ramener en Somalie Les starting gates s'ouvrent, v'l la chevauche de btards Quel bordel, l'underground gurilla se trouve tout-par Osirus fait son Zu, sur le beat Robo, Jahyze, Daddy Jokeno [Jahyze] Se mler des dmls des sang-mls a nous regarde pas Outou ou tootsi, qu'importe ton pdigre renoi L'entit Afro: c'est ton identit negro L-dessus crache pas, dis-toi qu'y a vraiment tout c'qui faut Ce qu'il y a d'plus vil dans la ville, j'veux bien croire que oui mais non j'blague Comme dans un vaudeville, assure le retour des vagues Quand l'cume des grandes villes comme le ressac te fume Revers de dague! On vous rserve une place entre le marteau et l'enclume [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Not sayin I'm the boss but truly I'm the utmost BABY, have you ever caught the hip-hop holy ghost? Man, I mean really, SHIT IS HYPE Especially when you find ya faggot ass rhymin on the mic I became a wrecker through my amplifier Breakin down bass, treble more, FUCK 'EM ALL dancer That's one who dances with the black magic music Not classic, Arabic or basic, strictly dickly Dirty and it's strictly mothafuckas, if not evict me and forget me, I mean my mothafuckin word, my word means action But feel the best style mothafucka, that's my jurisdiction I'm not an African, Jamaican, fellow man, all time elapsin Cave men, all middle men, brown men, leather 'peons I'm human motha-, you sick human motha- TEAR UP MY PLAN, it be Unique Ason the specialist Not hopeless, homeless or even helpless GOTTA GET PAID FULL! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Sippin off a quart that I just had bought Thinkin of the moments Ason had had While ensurin, endurin, also glad.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Alkaholiks f/ Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Likwidation Song: Hip Hop Drunkies Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Tash] What's yo' name? 	What's yo' naaaaaame? [ODB]	*burp* My name is, Ol Dirty Bastard... and I'ma Alkaholik [Tash] Yeah me too nigga [ODB]	*singin some crazy shit* [Tash] You're now rockin with Tha Liks so start reachin for the ozone I see some girls I know but y'all look different with your clothes on What's up though, Tash came to steal it like the Grinch While I'm leavin niggaz puzzled like I said my shit in French But it's all Olde English that I'm bringin from beneath Try to bite my style on wax and watch these lyrics crack your teeth Cause I make words Connect like Westside when I test glide my drunken lyrical hanglider, nobody's tighter than a ruff rap provider, with ninety ways to peel ya So I know the three words (Tash'll kill ya) sound familiar I filter out the weak everytime I speak I drink to hit the peak to make my mind go (beep) I'm def-da-fyin, you rappin like my client Tryin to scrape me for the style that slam harder than Kobe Bryant BE QUIET! This is Likwidation from the West Motherfuck ya boozy show, I got my own special guest [Ol Dirty Bastard] Yo, yo, breaker breaker breaker one-nine I bust this bitch in the behind with the silver shine Cause she thought she was fine She winked at me, I thought it was fine This nigga poutin, this hoe was mine I had the alcohol in me, took my time Let a nigga ro-tate turn on the table Put in the diamond needle, pull it to your ego What? You the king in the chair on my ground The Tyson of sound, it's twenty seconds to a round Scavenger nigga, youse a shrimp, a full line of shit my ear can't digest it Stop drinkin all that motherfuckin water, let's take it to the land So I can Godzilla up your sheeit, Mr. Tiny Tim man Niggaz be creepin up my beanstalk When I start to come down on your fuckin asses Try to chip shit on up, get these nuts Motherfucker WHAT!! [J-Ro] The Ro pimped the flow like a hoe, so I should rap on the mack-raphone My rhymes hittin hard enough to crack a bone I divide square MC's like math Bend you in half and drink a Genuine Draft I stop him, then I skied out with all wampum When he's layin on the ground, I let my Dog Scrilla chop him (Switch reels) I feels its all about skills The outcome's unbelievable like Tyson/Holyfield Your lyrics are loaners return em to they rightful owners My style is wild, like G's or the pistolas No need to ask, I put you on like a ski mask We can Fight the Power like this was P.E. class I Bomb Squads like Hank Shock Peace to my nigga Scott puttin stickers on the block *burp* I drink more Brewsters than Punky It's the further adventures of the hip-hop drunkies 	*chorus* You bithces are hoes Put it in ya like my motherfuckin hoe or in your butthole/earhole Whever the fuck it goes (repeat 2X) [Ol Dirty] Yeah, yo, yo, yo No disrespect to any architect Who tried to perfect, oh what the heck I'm a MC director, rhyme inspector Rated top ten, Brooklyn borough sector [J-Ro] Its the Packtown original b-boy I'm rappin What's happenin, so dope got the pope clappin I'm smackin, on some chicken, what you kickin You trickin, while I'm vickin hoes you stick your dick in [Tash] Step outta place, Tash'll smack your taste out your face Cause there's nowhere to hide unless you move to outer space Cause I waste motherfuckers like toxic fumes So you betta (make room) when you hear the (boom boom) [Ol Dirty (rapping like RZA)] Hey sugar plum, how can you assume That the pitch of the volume, doesn't have no tune I'm not your everyday, regular rap star peddler One on one at your rap seminar Beware of the Hard Way, Three's the Hard Way At you fuckers... [J-Ro] So aiyyo, my name is J-Ro And my style is so dope they call it ya-yo I don't rap fast, I love green grass Nuttin nice on the mic, call me a mean ass [Ol Dirty (still rapping like RZA)] Extra da-llama, bring hahaha Extra extra bring the da-llama Verse a better one, then slice-a-versa God acre, massacre murdered Also known as a rap wrecka, not a rhyme rebel You're just rhyme to survive streets True beaters, minerals and rhymes survive lyrics Like the acre without the attic, but not the only Asiatic true God but my dick is my lightning rob Hoe don't kick that mumbo jumbo... [Tash] See this the type of shit niggaz don't try at home I come funkin up the spot like Micheal Jordan's cologne With the megadrunken, style to keep the crowd pumpin Niggaz lookin at me like, 'Tash is up to somethin' (Get drunk and I stumbled) but I didn't come to trip  I came to bring it to ya humb-le Tumb-le all your plots and all your plans Ol Dirty's in the house and that's my motherfuckin man! 	*outro* It's the Likwid crew Comin through with Ol Dirty from the Wu Passin your party, jettin out with allt he brew So what y'all new, niggaz think you wanna do? (repeat 2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: ASAP Rocky f/ Main Attrakionz, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: LiveLoveA$AP Song: Leaf Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [uncredited Ol' Dirty Bastard sample] I'm so happy, you know um You know I looked at the crowd and you know I I look at my fans, I look at they faces, they expressions And I know that damn well, we are some partyin mother, fuckers [ASAP Rocky] Tired of these rappers, tired of these jackers I'm tired of these dances by these backpackers And I'm sick of all these hipsters, I'm sick of phony niggaz I'm sticking to these bitches cause I'm sick of all these sisters I'm sick and tired of tryin to survive, I'm sick tired of my environment I'm sick and tired of feelin deprived, I'm one of a kind when in my climate I'm sick and tired of your facade and all of your lyin and yo' diamonds I'm basically sick and tired of feeling sick and tired (ASAP) Born in money makin Manhattan Every nigga on my block wanna be a main attraction Shout my nigga Squadda, shout my nigga Madre If you disrespect them niggaz then I'm polishin the nadre And I'm comin to yo' casa for your madre and padre Comprende? Most of these niggaz been gay or they Stran-jay They say I sound like Andre mixed with Kanye Little bit of Max, little bit of Wiz A little bit of that, little bit of this, get off my dick I'm in your hood, you ain't got no ticket I'm a down to Earth nigga, we could kick it Take a hit with me... take a hit with me Ain't on stage behind the scene, I'm probably mixin lean Chillin with my niggaz, with my team Why'on't you come and take a sip with me... take a sip with me [Main Attrakionz] Once again Mr. Back sellin crack It's the How-to-Keep-it-Real-Nigga music on the map Street raps, new face, sampled with no craze Dousing myself cause I don't think the world can relate To my surprise everyone does, so have faith Half of the other side don't live it they push play The young illest alive, Harlem World to the Bay It feels good wakin up to money in the bank Cause last year it was shoebox and lint I only write raps just to give you niggaz hits Every verse a gift, as you smoke like a chimney My album comin November, that's twenty years of memory And that's assumin I'ma live that long If I don't, don't cry cause I ain't live that wrong Just an artist in the purest form, I live that song An artist in the purest form, I live that song Bambi [Main Attrakionz] Why fuss? I'd rather fuck Treat her like my enemy I just wanna bust Seven deuce, waitin on the bus Before the boys bend the corner tryin to make a bust Tryouts I'm tryna make the buss Purple and the green got me on stuck So I two-step, move my foot and keep it pushin Always bouncin back, got it keep the cushion And that's somethin fat, like eatin all the puddin ASAP we got it slap, bruh good lookin Fuck that, ASAP where I come from Fo' five six, Ice City slums Weed in my pocket, coke in his tongues Buyin Swisher sweets, no mo' honey buns Fresh white tee, bright like the sun Only nigga round here rockin Michi-gun [uncredited Ol' Dirty Bastard sample] Straight up, this go out to all you RAPPERS This go out to them lil' darlings Them lil' kids runnin around in the schoolyards I love you~! Keep it good, keep it good kids Cause you know I love you And I'll always love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bekay f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: The Future of Hip-Hop Is Now Song: Where Brooklyn At? Typed by Davida.b. [Intro: Bekay (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Haha, yo it's Bekay, you know I had to get Ol' Dirty up on this one, right? (What we want ya'll to do) listen up (we want ya'll to get on up) Get up, get up (Cuz this is Joe Dirt McGirt) Dirt McGirt (and the Bekay) Bekay (the KONMAN) KONMAN (this is that old wicked and wild shit) Yeah, let em know Dirt Dog, it's Bekay, ya'll better wake up homie [Bekay] Yo yo, these rappers are coming out the closet soon And I don't need a Street Fighter to puff some Sonic Booms These cats act calm, but they break the most Yo, I went on Fear Factor and ate the host! The rhymes stay hard So many hits in New York they told Aron to quit his day job Yo I came for the game, your dame Your fame, your chain, your chick's brain, it's all the same And you gon know my name, I'm thorough B-E-K-A-Y pronounced just like the boro Next best in rap, respect this track Call KONMAN and Kanye to get this track Chicks love when I pick up the bill quicker They wanna be a rich girl like Allie Hilfiger Yo, the game lost, but we took it back Now everybody scream out 'where brooklyn at?' [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Male) {Bekay} *Female*] If you trying to get rich, but your ass still stuck in the hood (hey ya, hey ya, hey ya) If you're drunk as hell, and that fat chick's looking real good (hey ya, hey ya, hey ya) {Ladies} You gotta earn this free drink, so why don't cha keep shaking ya hips *Hey ya, hey ya, hey ya* And wild out to this Bekay KONMAN platinum shit *hey ya, hey ya, hey ya* [Bekay] Ayo I been here, got the feeling my name's due Ask M.O.P., can I get a Lil Fame too? Why you hating, faking, patiently waiting, debating Rap I'm taking, face it, amazing, I'm blazing I ain't never really heard of you So dissing Bekay, sonny, that's absurd to do Really passing ya'll herbs, see? Put a hole in your chest bigger than a basketball jersey Bekay, destined for fame Been known to shut your favorite club down when I step on the stage Chicks jock me, named the kid cocky They say real can spot real, so I know ya'll can spot me Honeys spoil me royally I mean I'm around birds so much Colional Sanders pays my roayltys Pound a shot, get messy too If not, pour it on a person standing next to you [Bekay] Yo watch Bekay and follow I don't pass the courvoisier, I chug it straight out the bottle Gamble in the hood, play cee-lo loco Puertorican mamis say "Don Cito loco" I'm business, the mic is a hobby I can drop dead on the dance floor and still be the life of the party Now fellas, get the condoms ready Take that, honey shake that thing till your bra gets sweaty You say you only drink Cris? Shut up My crew will drink anything as long as it gets us fucked up I know chicks who slam shots of Hennessey They wakin up next to me the next day, and they don't even remember me Cats tell lies, ya'll loving the fables I got chicks who could drink ya'll under the table It's Bekay, screaming it loud Cuz the future of hip-hop is now [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Bekay) {Female}]] Bekay (Say Bekay) Dirt McGirt (say Dirt McGirt) Bekay {Say Bekay} Dirt McGirt {Say Dirt McGirt} Bekay (Say Bekay) Dirt McGirt (Say Dirt McGirt) Bekay {Say Bekay} Dirt McGirt {Say Dirt McGirt} Yo we do it like this (and we out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Daddy Kane w/ Scoob, Sauce, Shyheim, Jay-Z, Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Daddy's Home Song: Show and Prove Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: Scoob Hah hah, hey hey, laugh now nigga My man's right behind you, Kane pull the trigger I don't play, I'm from the hill where shit is real And I'll be on your ass like bugs on a windshield So bring your grip or you can think twice Cause I got more rhymes than a five pound bag of rice I'm hitting hard, oh word, I'm gon rock it Once the shit drops, that's dough to the pocket I cut hand, you still can't get no cards You couldn't deal with Scoob if we was playin cards But if I got beef and it's time for code red My drill is like a hoe, and be takin mad niggaz to bed So hurry up and skedaddle Even if you join a army, you still couldn't battle So where you from? England, you somebody great? You burnin Scoob, "I don't think so mate" I got the style that gets you open like a bag of smoke I have your friends "Ah-hah man, that shit ain't dope" Leave me alone when I'm rocking on the microphone and play like E.T. and phone your black ass ho-wome Yo Sauce, if you're down with the groo-hoove Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove Verse Two: Sauce Hey, here I come with a slick rap, tic tac toe When I flip tracks, so gimme my dick, back I flow to it and through it, if you ever need to wonder how you got dope like Sauce, money you didn't do it I write my own with bigger hope, drink of Scope Wrote what I figured, nope, damn you dig a nigga doe Rhymes too drastic, bastard, pull hookers like elastic N-B-A style, fann-tastic No time to bite, but I just might, tonight I write left-handed cuz I like, to grab my dick with my right Who could ever say that I don't get plenty play Win Lose or Draw, I'm bookin whores, anyway As I get ready I'm steady if I go crazy I'd take Eddie if I was Fred, I think I'd have to bone Betty Suckin and luckin, hey, niggaz I'm duckin, nay Nada no never meaning ain't no motherfuckin way Rappers get gassed come on and get fast Try to get past when I blast, and you can HAND over your ass One line and that's fear Rappers get so damn pussy they gotta go for a pap smear So Shyheim, if your down with the groove Get on the mic it's time to show and prove Verse Three: Shyheim Yo, yo I spark the mic like weed that's in a cipher And I get girls open like a reggae song by Tiger So check me out, as I flip this here track kid And make mad noise like a Metallica record I'm psycho, a villain to the styles I be killin when I'm thrusted, and all competition gets dusted Cause I rock the world from U.S.A. to Asia to Russia If your shit stinks I'ma flush ya, then bust ya Like a crazy man from Cali son My jams be packed like a Farrakhan rally, what? You know my style, I put the F in effin foul The Rugged Child locks you down like Rikers Isle And got more girls than a Trailerload with Shabba More Super than Cat, I'm the punani Don Dada So Big Daddy, if you're down with the groove my man Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove Verse Four: Big Daddy Kane Now tell me whoooo is the mannnn? With the high-potent lyrics no rapper can ever stand And steppin to me, thinkin I can be touched? Huh Not even Michael Jordan'll gamble that much, yo I get down on it and give it to rappers that even act like they want it I come for your title kid, run it! Or else get hit with the ultimate, too legit skit Ahh yeah, that's that shit Drop lyrics on ya, strong as ammonia That is I thrown ya, scold ya, Jones ya, I tried to warn ya You was wack since I known ya, fake as a cubic zirconia What did I just show ya, real lyrics doggone ya Look inside my rap book at every text my man and see that I got, more essays than the Mexican The Messiah that's feared great, leavin rappers in a weird state Scared straight, for their prepared fate Strong as an elephant, intelligent, compelling and elegant So well in it with every single element And competition gets none! Huh If I was wearing pantyhose you still couldn't give me no run I see the way you're trying to get to me,  but with with speech impedi-ment, man you gotta come better G You're hitting all the wrong switches troop begin again Mumble mouth rappers couldn't last a minute with The non-resistable, non-competible No-No-I'm-Not-Sayin-I'm-The-Best, I'm just sayin I'm fuckin incredible! And let's just make one more thing understood That if I FART on a record, TRUST me nigga it'll sound good So Jay-Z, if you're down with the groove, my mellow Get on the mic it's time to show and prove Verse Five: Jay-Z Uh, one checkin it two, checkin it three Check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, check out the Z Hey G! I'm breaking MC's up like EPMD And these nuts if you rappers tryin ta see me I'm buckwild with styles, ta-dow I've been in it runnin a hundred miles I'm well endowed, baby gal Uhh, the greatest nigga to touch it, you niggaz can't fuck with The, incredible skills of the G from Brooklyn, big up kid And ain't no eatin me up, you fast fuckin with jigga I'm like Prince jeans, I bring the ass out a nigga When I rock it it's in the pocket, baby mop it don't knock it till you try it, once you start, you can't stop it I'm the cocky breed, I'm dope like poppy seed I live one rent from besides that be  between get off my dick and stop jockin me When I bust a rhyme you're diggin the sound I know you lovin the way it's, goin down baby So Ason huh, if you're down with the groove, why don't ya Get on the mic and show and prove Verse Six: Ol Dirty Bastard Come on Wu-Tang killa bees on a swarm Rain on your college ass, disco dorm Slippery when wet and don't you ever forget You couldn't get a FLICK, of the hype outfit Because the way that I dress this style mad wild Enough to make a crowd of women scream "OW!" Whether at a party or just in bed All thoughts on Ason, keep that in your head Yuh, my beats are funky and my rhymes are spunky Sometimes I'll be like "Well god damn what's the recipe?" I don't know, I ask my momma she don't know she says "GO ASK YOUR GOD DAMNED FATHER!" It's all about me in the place to be Niggas thing they all that, yo, that shit is G Mad game and it's a motherfucking shame How many enemies wanna claim the name Of Ason, who carries on like a manager YO!, SOUNDS FLY RIGHT? DANGER!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blackstreet f/Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Fix 12" Song: Fix (Remix) Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard If you need a fix Ohh baby, I (Clap, Clap, Clap, Clap) (Wow!) Oh baby you need someone to fix you (Alright Y'all) Oh baby had a fast song gaurenteed (And you say Blackstreet) (Wow! Wow!) Oh baby you need someone to fix you (And you say) (Wow!), (and you say) (Alright Y'all) Clap your hands, (More and More) Just Clap Your Hands Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!) Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!) Verse 1: Oh, sugar girl, you sexy thing (Wow!) I like the way you swing, (Alright Y'all) Always want to be your lover (Wow!) Always want to be your lover (Wow!) you can call me (Wow!) If you need a fix or two (Alright Y'all) Girl, you know how we do (Wow!) I got to get with you, (Wow!) You can get me on the phone (Wow!) And dial my number, I'll be waiting (Alright Y'all) When I see you We'll be Undisapating (Wow! Wow!) All I want to do is drive you crazy (Wow!) girl (Alright Y'all) If you can phone baby let us know (Wow!) See me tonight (Wow!) Chorus: If you need a fix (Wow!) Let me be the one you can call on (Alright Y'all) If you want a fix (Wow!) And I can give you what you need, (Wow!) (Everybody!) If you need a fix (Wow!) Baby, you know I can give you (Alright Y'all) Clap your hands, (More and More) Just Clap Your Hands Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!) Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!) Verse 2: You don't have to worry (Wow!) I'll be there for you (Alright Y'all) It's time for you to be my girl (Wow!) Time for you to be my girl (Wow!) We've been knowing each other for some time, girl (Alright Y'all) And I don't know what I'd do without you (Wow! Wow!) Chorus: If you need a fix (Wow!) Let me be the one you can call on (Alright Y'all) If you want a fix (Wow!) And I can give you what you need, (Wow!) (Everybody!) If you need a fix (Wow!) Baby, you know I can give you (Alright Y'all) Clap your hands, (More and More) Just Clap Your Hands Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!) Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!) Teddy, jam for me, yeah (Wow!) I can give it to you, baby (Alright Y'all) Get down, get down (Wow!) get down, get down, down, down (Wow!) Come on, come on, yeah (Wow!) I can give it to you baby (Alright Y'all) I can give it to you (Wow!) get down, down, down (Wow!) Verse 3: Ol Dirty Bastard HEEEHEEEHEEEHEEEH Who, Huh Her name was Caglauma (Wow!) The foot was frontin' like she was behind me (Alright Y'all) Gave a little shhh of the Marajuana (Wow!) Foot and the plrrrpt up in the sauna (Wow!) She was a weak girl but she needed a fix (Wow!) I hit a Wu-Tang style caught up in the mix (Alright Y'all) Besides, I need to exercise (Wow!) Blackstreet need a fix going nation wide (Wow!) In Your Neighborhood (Wow!) In Your Valley (Alright Y'all) In Your Town (Wow!) Coming to you city Chorus: Oh Oh Oh Oh If you need a fix (Wow!) Let me be the one you call on (Alright Y'all) If you want a fix (Wow!) I can be your candy man, (Wow! Wow!) If you need a fix (Wow!) Baby, you know I can give you (Alright Y'all) Clap your hands, (More and More) Just Clap Your Hands Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!) Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!) If you need a fix (Wow!) Let me be the one you can call on (Alright Ya'll) If you want a fix (Wow!) I wanna be the one you need, (Wow!) If you need a fix (Wow!) We can do it all night long girl (Alright Ya'll) Clap your hands, (More and More) Just Clap Your Hands Just Clap Your Hands (On and on) (Wow!) (I Wanna go on and on and on and on and on) Just Clap Your Hands (Wow!) And you say Blackstreet (Wow!) (Yeah) Clap your hands Just clap your hands (Guess who's back in effect) Just... (Alright Ya'll) And you say Blackstreet (yeah) Clap clap clap your hands Just clap your hands (Wow!) Just...(Everybody!) And you say Blackstreet (Wow!) Clap your hands (Taking it to another level) Just clap your hands Just...(Alright Ya'll) (Everybody!) And you say Blackstreet Clap clap clap your hands (Wow!) Just clap your hands (Wow!) And you say Blackstreet The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blah Bloomberg (Blahzay Blahzay) f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Danger 2004 12" Song: Danger 2004 Typed by: davidab@cox.net [Intro: Ol Dirty Bastard] "When the east is in the house" Jeru the Damaja (sample) Oh my god! (2X) Yo East New York in this muthafucka, Blahzay Blah in this muthafucka Brooklyn in this muthafucka, Dirt Dog in this muthafucka, it's on point Come on baby let me jump, let me see you body rhythm pump Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go [Outloud] Aiyo, my timin' is so precise, gangsta all my life I don't get get robbed, I control the heist Cold as ice, still mountin' this whole device Life's a gamble, so I roll the dice I tamed up, still I'm up and coming Auto start, put on my sneaks, truck is running Bad broads, that's beyond Beyonce Eatin' on my body like a dinner at entree What ya'll critics gonna say, don't even risk it Forget Pillsbury, eat this Blah Blah biscuit Ya'll watered down the game, man, like bar liquor It's nothin' for me, I just buy the bar quicker Oh my God, nigga, I'm in the house, and I'm rowdy He been doin' this since five thousand on an Audi Remember "Danger!" Yo, ya'll know Blah This is grown under water, ya'll ain't even in my sonar [Chorus: Outloud (Ol' Dirty Bastard sample)] The east is in the house like (danger) About to, turn it out like "Oh My God" (danger) Put the barrel in your mouth like (danger) I see the dipper through a blouse, it's "Oh My God" (danger) Me and Dirty on the floor like (danger) Me and Dirty pimpin' ho's like "Oh My God" [Ol' Dirty Bastard] So then you act like you love my little baby And you know that I act a little crazy Come on baby let me jump, let me see your body rhythm pump Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go I'm on the streets lingo, spendin' the spingo Eazy-E lingo, doin' the dango, the vet' don't wear Kangol I dare pump my shit, at the club, actin' strange, yo Smack ya'll niggaz in the face, yo Got wiggas in the place, yo, block party in this muthafucka I'm the only round actin' like sucka, sucka bitch ass puffer So don't play this muthafucka, or watch you bird clucker So don't let yourself break yourself With the sip and tumble, that will take yourself I move with that heat that smoke you in your head, man The shit war, time to take, man, take man [Chorus 2/3] [Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard] Come on baby let me jump, let me see your body rhythm pump Come on baby let me see you go, let me see you, like go, go, go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blakroc (The Black Keys) f/ Ludacris, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Blakroc Song: Coochie Typed by: Cno Evil [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard, Ludacris] Slide out ya clothes, and baby take off your shoes That coochie got me so confused, that I don't know what to do (Taste so sweet) daddy, divine, I got a woman so fine That I gotta have it, like a rabbit, almost all of the time [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I knew this hotty named Janine, and she lived out in Queens And she had a body, kinda like a horse, if you know what I mean So I saddled up, more bang for the buck, cuz she was splurging my cash And I'm alright, cuz every night, when I got to the crib, was hurting that ass She used to tell me how much she loved me and how much she need me How she can't wait to get home and rub me, and hug me and squeeze me And after that, she just popped that bubbly, and touched me and teased me And when she was mad, she would push and shove me, and fuck me and feed me I gotta admit, I would spoiled and rotten, dirty down to the core And I'm insane, almost to the point where I really don't want it no more But never that, I got back on track, and I had to put it together Because without 'em, my world is gone, so slip away, I won't let her, I tell her [Ludacris] I know this, girl named Anna, she was from Alabama She had some cooch, that had me driving back and forth from Atlanta Anna was a full grown independent woman with a car and a house on the hill And no words can explain, how the hell she be making me feel She knew just how to move them hips, she was like a gift With a little bitty bow on top Ripped my presents open, lights out, but the show don't stop She got busy in the back of the custom four door drop Freshly dipped from the Fendi shades to the Polo socks Give it to me like a song I wrote, aren't I dope? On that note, she was just my kind A penny for my thoughts, always on my mind Explain why her name's over all my rhymes No woman got me using up all my time Crazy in the head, all off my grind Believe me or not, I've done lost my mind [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I knew this honey named Renee, and she lived in BK And I only hit it one time, now I call her everyday And she said I'm gettin' on her nerves, cuz I'm lost for words Infatuated by her beauty, and her wonderful curves I said, bitch, I'm Dirt McGirt, fresh out and back on the scene And don't you ever in your life, turn ya back on a king I got something to prove, I done got my groove back, and all in the loop Once papa got a brand new weave bag, and some blue suede shoes I got another pep in my step, and a whole new glide in my stride Put sixty thousand on my neck, and a million dollar look in my eye And then she thought it, by the attraction, said I could hit it again And I been waiting for this moment, since I got out the pen, I tell her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brooklyn Zu f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Zu Ninjaz Album: Tribute (Single) Song: Tribute (Dedication to ODB) Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I tell you, right, right, right, in ya muthafuckin' face Muthafucka, you know, well, you know muthafuckin' well When -- we don't play that shit, or, I don't play that shit That's just Wu-Tang, you know, I'm the nigga That -- that, give it to ya raw When I said "first thing first, man, you fucking with the worst I be sticking pins ya head, like a fucking nurse I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack Come fully packed with the fat rugged stack Shame on you, when you step through to The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu" I'm telling you this shit, because muthafucka I want -- I want to be able to control that shit that I say Ya'll muthafuckas know when Wu-Tang come through That anything is bound to happen, muthafucka Cuz Osirus said so, don't Osirus say so? When Osirus -- hcckkk.. huh, uh-huh-heah! When Osirus "say so", you say "yeah" "Say so" (Yeah!) Alright my muthafucking niggas... [Chorus 2X: samples] "Give me the mic, so I could take it away" - ODB "The combination made my eyes bleed" - Raekwon "Give me the mic, so I could take it away" - ODB "Take it away, take it away, take it away" - ODB "Take it away, take it away" - ODB [12 O'Clock] Hut one, hut two, hut three, hut Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut Styles unbreakable, shatterproof To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't trust the style, ruthless wild Do you wanna getcha teeth knocked the fuck out? Wanna be on it, like that, well then shout [Buddha Monk] Hoooooooo, ho-oh-ohhhhhhhh Ha-oh-aooooooooooooo, ho-oh-ohhhhhhhh Here I go, with this deep type flow Jacque Cousteau, could never get this low.. I'm Cherry bombing shit, zoom Just warmin' up a little bit, vroom-a-zoom, hah Rappin'in, is what's happenin' Keep your pockets stacked and then, hands clappin' and At the party when I move my body Gotta get up, and be-eeeee somebody [Shorty Shitstain] I'm the one-man army, Ason I've never been tooken out, I keep MC's lookin' out I drop science, like girls be droppin babies Enough to make a nigga go cra-a-azy Energy buildin', taking all type of medicines Your ass thought you was better than Ason, I keep planets in orbit While I be calming with deeper and more shit [Raison the Zoo Keeper] Me and Mariah, go back, like babies and pacifiers Ol' Dirt Dog no liar, keep your fantasy hot like fire Jump jump! [Chorus 2X] [Merdoc] Little lady, tell me why, tell me so I ask you to go high, you tell me to go low So I go low --- taste the shit --- Taste it again, I like it I'm the original G-O-D Making young ladies scream's my specialty When I go DUN DUN DUN DUH, girls get hype From my funky freestyle that was stereotyped [5 Foot Hyper Sniper] Wu-Tang Killa Beez on the Swarm Rain on your college ass, disco dorm For you to even touch my skill You gotta go through one Killa Bee, and we aim for the kill Chop that down, pass it all around Lyrics get hard, quick cement to the ground For any MC, in 52 states, I gets psycho, killer Norman Bates [K-Blunt] I always thought that livin life was easy Go to school, get a job, yo it couldn't be me So instead, I played my bed My momma got fed, and now a nigga living with a dread My best fuckin friend, knew him since ten Nigga feed me, CREAM, let me whip the Benz Houses all over Texas, white & gold Lexus He had enough respect to dress this Expensive Timb boots, girl wearing fly Gucci suits Put me on like "whoo!" [Popa Chief] I'll grab the mic and I'll damage ya, crush your whole stamina Here comes the medical examiner One verse, and you're out for the count Bring the ammonia make sure, he sniffs the right amount Wake him up and the ask him Why did he intend this, competition To get an ass kickin' so tremendous [Chorus 2X] [Outro] Yo Dirty, yo, Unique, yo, Ason Yo, Big Baby Jesus, Osirus, nigga Word up, youknowhatimsayin'? We miss you, my nigga, word baby But your legacy will live on, youknowhatimsayin'? We your niggas, and we right here Brooklyn Zu, forever, we killing this shit Forever, nigga, for you, word up Brooklyn Zu! Like, that's all I'm gonna say, word up Peace, rest in peace, my nigga... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Buddha Monk f/ Drunken Dragon, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: The Prophecy Song: Gots Like Come on Thru (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@IName.Com [Intro: Buddha Monk, (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Ahahahaha Minds start to freeze, at ease Its the Wu-Tang Killa Beez Brooklyn Zu, where we roll, Manchuz Comin at yo' avenuez 36 chambaz at a theater near ya (To all my muthafuckin niggaz in the place to be And lllllast man to me) We gon' take hip hop to anotha level [Chorus: Buddha Monk & Ol' Dirty Bastard] Wu, Gots like come on through Su, That's the call of the Wu Zu, Gots like come on through Su, That's the call for the Zu [Hook: Buddha Monk & Ol' Dirty Bastard] If your from the east coast and you're down with Brooklyn Zu Su, That's the call for your crew If your from the west coast and you're down with Brooklyn Zu Su, That's the call for your crew [Buddha Monk] Yo, I make myself official with the 7-dotted temple And the knowledge procedes to take off like Emmitt's missle Its the rapfire comin from this Lord, Monk and sire Cut like barbfire, ka-boom, just raise your hands higher I get off even if its battle or war, yall niggaz hit the floor And word iz bond, It still prescibes laws, hate the allegations So, I slam on this nation with motivation and watch out for the Zu domination We could take it to anotha level, glock-block that kills treble Honey rebels, and all yall niggaz betta end up in fuckin Belleview Yo, I mean that, I'm a god and I cut you no slack You wanna act, then I attack and just split your wig back Your some lame ass nigga rockin Tommy Hilfiger With 3 sizes larger just to make you look bigger And all you people out there procrastinatin to stop the assassination You betta check up with your still and just watch the Zu nation [Drunken Dragon - Zu Manchuz] Now take this, I hit you with the Drunken Dragon Fist Got the punk for your mind leavinz niggas in bliss I look deep into your eyes, diggin in your soul Pullin out the inner thoughts, leave minds behold I know exactly what your thinking, I wait for you to blink And I hit you with a round to make your ego start sinking I send your wack ass back to class, learn something So you can peep the real shit, and you can stop fronting On your phony block, with your phony glock until you slip When niggaz burn the drama they put teks on your lips Hey son, I just thought about that shit And you wanna be a gangsta rapper, boy you get the dick The Drunken Dragon, comin at you And if I hear you say Brooklyn Zu, I say "Yo, who you?" cuz [Buddha Monk] Back the fuck up before I use my gat Spray two to your neck and four to your back It's the hardcore warrior, straight from Medina Look on my face it shows, no one meaner Brooklyn Zu Killa Bees on the swarm I be in your area so sound the alarm Monks in the front know not to fuckin drunk Knocking down niggaz, and the girl sees the lump Shit is real, yes I'm hittin hard like steel I'm comin through your town so it's best that you peel For real, yes I get dirty with my skill No slacks in my thoughts, no time for my to trip up Niggaz, your crazy, I leave no fuckin traces When I put it on that ass you'll be desintegrated Crazy lunatic with the style that's sick Somebody in my click is bound to set a pick Your hit, by this trife shit that I fix I'm just like the devil, I don't play no tricks, cuz [Hook] [Outro: Buddha Monk, (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] 1-1-2, 4-4-1 Frankin Av. Peace, to my nigga Wack (Its all good, its all bad Dirty runs for the mayor next year, finally You'll neva see meeeeeee) Zu Zu Zu Zu Zu Zu Zu SUUUUUUUUUUU!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Buddha Monk f/ 12 O'Clock, I-Born, Ol' Dirty Bastard, ShaCronz, Shyheim Album: Zu-Chronicles, Vol. 1: Throwbacks Song: Make This Money, Take This Money Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard, (I-Born)] KnowI'msayin? (U.K.) You know what the fuck time it is! KnowI'msayin? These the Brooklyn Zu motherfuckers! You know who the fuck this is! It's the Dirt Dog and I represent all this shit! Motherfuckers! KnowI'msayin? I hold all this shit the fuck down! KnowI'msayin? Anybody got any motherfuckin problems?!? You see me nigga, motherfucker! [Hook 4X: I-Born *in background of intro*] Raise drama, spark war I keep the gat singin, slug love We go through nuff slang [Chorus x.25: Ol' Dirty Bastard] We gonna make this money and take this money! Make this money and take this money! Make this money and take this money! Make this money and take this money! [I-Born] What the fuck was on these niggaz mind? Buzzer be the crunch time, cuts feelin like ice grillers Stalk the gat, carbon spark, talk burners Mic murder fiends, dangerous strangers Red beam dot, hoes return, rapid fire when the po' lick shot Spit where the wigs top, get got, hot Roof top marksman, heat hittin, grapevine, listen Charles Lee, great ski thought, just because Fuck jake, inter-state, D takes he, judge street Court, king sees thought, lot of life trife Complete, dirty life, dirty dirty dirty beef Servin worthy streets, holdin holster heat for chaos Mega-butterfly, wings crawler, dust strong, cut strong Get 'em all, fuckin with teflon [Shyheim] Fuckin with me? The God have handicap plates Arrogant, I'm like a pimple I come all out my face Thug thesbian, yo semi the Shy hold two heats I'm like the ASPCA, I put dogs to sleep Ten cars deep plus three limos and a hurse All because he was a Sprite kid obeyin his thirst Keep him runnin like adrenaline, I could smoke a hundred men and when he go to Heaven, who'll kill him again? Ask anybody in my hood, they could a ref cuz I'm bad I died once, escape my second life sentence [ShaCronz] I play the four-fifth of this outfit Cronz 'bout it, 'bout it, for dough I live Faggots off the streets when it's crowded Master breath control, make the death toll rise Stress calls in pies, watch the Lex go by Baby brown Wallabees, spray towns into policy Bugged, not anthropology, watch the world acknowledge me Cronz Dada, went from zero to Don When I'm done bustin, the whole police hero respond [12 O'Clock] Nigga know my steez, so I jet to D.C. Chromed down M3, nigga that play B.E.T. John Clair, why these faggot ass niggaz stare? Don't they know my man carry the big bear? He don't care They say he hold nigga's fruit like pear, pussy come here Let me whisper in your ear, I make your click disappear I play the wizard, bring blizzards Fo'-fo' heavy when I lift it, Puffy shit I diss it [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Don't let the God let out, motherfucker! Ask me, you know what the fuck this all about! On the mic I'm leader, at school I was a fuckin reader! When it comes to sex, bitch I'm a strong good breeder! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Buddha Monk f/ Anesthesia, Grime, Mozart, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Unreleased Chambers Song: Play the Game Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Do we drop this? Play the game.. Do we drop this? Do we drop this? Do-do-do-do-do we drop this? [Chorus: Anesthesia w/ ad-libs] You say you wanna play the game And you wanna state your claim You're living in your life of fame And you wanna do ya tha-ang-ang [Grime] I got hoes to shake and doughs to make Niggaz act up and I've got bones to break I'm supposed to take what's mines so I do Mad fucking ass, big cash and Lex Coupes The ice with the birds, the house in the suburbs Ace out-stated to Brook-nam, we laced out What's the point of beef when our shit stay locked? We've got payroll cops and niggaz that run the block More big stashes, chickens in the smashes Gigantic bottles, lies everlasting Fuck with the Grime and my mind is Zu You'll be hanging on the rope, nigga feel the clips See ya mans get fucked up and stuffed with chips Now what? Can you taste the fifth to ya lips? Now it's time for setups, dramas, fucking fed up All ya haters enter, mothafuckas get beret' up Come on! [Break x2: Anesthesia] You've been in this game for so long You know you've gotta move on [Mozart] I stay in the mix On the move so quick, the Sugar Shane miss Can't find me? I'm probably in the lobby, liming I'm smoking lime green spliffs the size of sugar cane sticks I hustle weed, stash in a hole in the wall While I'm outside looking for sales, holding the door Block hot like an oven would be (so what?) But I'ma do what I do 'til somebody puts stuff in me Put my wild life on TV like Discovery I roll for dolie, get bent like both knees Squatting to leave the whole building smokey I do the dew, don't drink soda Stay armed like the human shoulders Got you fooled thinking I'm innocent When I take right to the crime like it's made by intimates Ladies and gentlemen.. (Dirt McGirt!) [Break x2] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Do we drop this shit? Is it funky for you? Or is it madness? Is it real for you? Enough hits, party funky for you Stomp ya feet, makes it smell doo-doo Rap changes, ya ass on it Ol' Dirty mothafucka, Dirt bring out no doubt [Buddha Monk] Eh-yo we don't want no problems, I ain't got nuts in my pants But I sure now got the steel that make you do it in any dance TV breaks critters We explained on them why the heat takes and dead beats someone's face You got a problem? Watch the nine solve it You don't think I'll pop him? Watch the nine pop, BOW! Nothing to lose as long as I'm rocking the tools Shocked for the fool, who said it couldn't happen to you? Eh-yo, Brook-lawn Chronicles shown on channel two Smoke Jones and he'll beat bones, laughing at you Pass the punani 'pon the left hand side The nice dripping sperm left of the eye Now you gone, ya crew's gone, what went wrong? You said you some of the tough guys, ya so loose con [Break x2] [Outro: Buddha Monk (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] (Roll back, roll back) play the game (Roll back, roll back) state ya claim (Roll back, roll back) (Roll back, roll back) (Roll back, roll back) so long (Roll back, roll back) move on (Roll back, roll back) so long (Dirt McGirt!.. Dirt McGirt!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Buddha Monk f/ Anesthesia, Grime, Mozart, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Zu-Chronicles, Vol. 2: Like Father Like Son Song: Play the Game Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Do we drop this? Play the game.. Do we drop this? Do we drop this? Do-do-do-do-do we drop this? [Chorus: Anesthesia w/ ad-libs] You say you wanna play the game And you wanna state your claim You're living in your life of fame And you wanna do ya tha-ang-ang [Grime] I got hoes to shake and doughs to make Niggaz act up and I've got bones to break I'm supposed to take what's mines so I do Mad fucking ass, big cash and Lex Coupes The ice with the birds, the house in the suburbs Ace out-stated to Brook-nam, we laced out What's the point of beef when our shit stay locked? We've got payroll cops and niggaz that run the block More big stashes, chickens in the smashes Gigantic bottles, lies everlasting Fuck with the Grime and my mind is Zu You'll be hanging on the rope, nigga feel the clips See ya mans get fucked up and stuffed with chips Now what? Can you taste the fifth to ya lips? Now it's time for setups, dramas, fucking fed up All ya haters enter, mothafuckas get beret' up Come on! [Break x2: Anesthesia] You've been in this game for so long You know you've gotta move on [Mozart] I stay in the mix On the move so quick, the Sugar Shane miss Can't find me? I'm probably in the lobby, liming I'm smoking lime green spliffs the size of sugar cane sticks I hustle weed, stash in a hole in the wall While I'm outside looking for sales, holding the door Block hot like an oven would be (so what?) But I'ma do what I do 'til somebody puts stuff in me Put my wild life on TV like Discovery I roll for dolie, get bent like both knees Squatting to leave the whole building smokey I do the dew, don't drink soda Stay armed like the human shoulders Got you fooled thinking I'm innocent When I take right to the crime like it's made by intimates Ladies and gentlemen.. (Dirt McGirt!) [Break x2] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Do we drop this shit? Is it funky for you? Or is it madness? Is it real for you? Enough hits, party funky for you Stomp ya feet, makes it smell doo-doo Rap changes, ya ass on it Ol' Dirty mothafucka, Dirt bring out no doubt [Buddha Monk] Eh-yo we don't want no problems, I ain't got nuts in my pants But I sure now got the steel that make you do it in any dance TV breaks critters We explained on them why the heat takes and dead beats someone's face You got a problem? Watch the nine solve it You don't think I'll pop him? Watch the nine pop, BOW! Nothing to lose as long as I'm rocking the tools Shocked for the fool, who said it couldn't happen to you? Eh-yo, Brook-lawn Chronicles shown on channel two Smoke Jones and he'll beat bones, laughing at you Pass the punani 'pon the left hand side The nice dripping sperm left of the eye Now you gone, ya crew's gone, what went wrong? You said you some of the tough guys, ya so loose con [Break x2] [Outro: Buddha Monk (Ol'Dirty Bastard)] (Roll back, roll back) play the game (Roll back, roll back) state ya claim (Roll back, roll back) (Roll back, roll back) (Roll back, roll back) so long (Roll back, roll back) move on (Roll back, roll back) so long (Dirt McGirt!.. Dirt McGirt!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Where's Your Money 12" Song: Where's Your Money Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo.. all my bitches that make money Throw ya motherfuckin' hands in the air (Suuuu!) Cuz it's all about the money (Yo, yo, all my, all my, all my homies Let me hear you go suuuuuuuu!) Money rules the world I take over all pussy with money (All my girls making money, out there) All cars get tooken over cuz of money, baby (Let me hear y'all go suuuuuuu!) All businesses, baby, it's all about the money To all my niggaz that bustin' shots for money, right now Bust shots (suuuuu!) bust shots for the money, now "Where's your money?" (suuuuuuu!) "Where's your money?" (about the money) "Where's your money?" (it's all about the money) Throw ya motherfuckin' hands in the air! "Where's your money?" [Ol' Dirty Bastard] The Brooklyn borough king, you bitch to me is everything Sent me to Jersey, trapped off the parascene, or Penelope Pitstop You can't duplicate the picture, or record this hip hop! My owl's are tryna crust up the ziplock Dime pieces in high heels and flip flops Real playas, with the Zenty's wristwatch Outside of clubs, is backed up in gridlock Three bouncers the size of sasquatch Plus whips that will make your eyes pop Hot burns that burn faster than matches Dirt is only out to catch vicks See boys on the back on some rap shit Fake industry heads sweating in the guest list I'm on the spot with a bottle of fresh Cryst' Lay up on the table, arm around the best chick It's all about the money [Interlude: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Hey, I'm O.D.B., let me know "Where's your money?" Next time you see me, let me know "Where's your money?" Baby, I just got home, let me know "Where's your money?" We got to feed these kids, baby, let me know "Where's your money?" [Busta Rhymes] Wu, in a fly tailor made shit, cooking a blunt Got the Phantom, parked, crooked out in the front Rowing, gun toting, Sonny Chiba niggaz we large Caymen Island style, sucking on cohiba cigars The way we stack cake, you know I know it's making you sick Watch dough with diplomats from other countries and shit Heh, now let me show you why we walk with a swagger Money over flowing, spending like it don't even matter Money do a lotta shit, money make me more bread But money take a nigga life, put a price on they head Think you nicer than the dreads, niggaz fight with the feds Keep it cool, while I put all of the hype on the bed Bitch, ever since my cake got a little bigger Fuck a JP Morgan, Merryl Lynch and them niggaz Fuck it, call it what you wanna call it, nigga, we sinners Throw my money at ten thousand dollar tables for dinners, now [Interlude: Busta Rhymes] It's a Busta Bust now, nigga, let me know "Where's your money?" Everytime you see me, let me know "Where's your money?" You can give me all your money, let me know "Where's your money?" When it's the first of the month, nigga, let me know "Where's your money?" [Busta Rhymes] For the carat D class, next to my middle finger When I see my own reflection, diamond frost the mirror Diamonds as cold as ice, frost bite like winter Floss fitters, three quarter four length chinchillas You wish you knew the way, the kid'll quiet dough is a mystery Niggaz bread'll stack longer than American History Heh, now peep the way we runnin' through y'all, it's funny Fuck around get you murked with my "Woo-Hah!" money Lay you down in the dirt, let me school y'all dummies Hit the town with the work, like crack heads, they love me Shit, to call my cake disrespectful bitch, holla A lot of acres with a pet alligator, named Dollar Bust it, y'all niggaz know that I'm the most, so just stop it I cop cribs, and stash cake and keepin' money in wallets Niggaz money smaller than a bar of Whatchamacallits Money hungry like Sudan, when my paper stay brolic [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Busta Rhymes)] Hey, I'm O.D.B., let me know "Where's your money?" (It's a Busta Bust now, nigga, let me know) "Where's your money?" Next time you see me, let me know "Where's your money?" ('Fore I stick ya ass up, nigga, let me know) "Where's your money?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ the Ol Dirty Bastard (Wu-Tang Clan) Album: Woo-Hah!! Got You All in Check PROCD 7" Song: Woo-Hah!! Got You All in Check (the Rashad Remix) (clean) Intro/Outro 2X: Busta Rhymes (and ODB singin some crazy stuff) Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Chorus: Busta Rhymes, Ol Dirty Bastard The Flip Mode is the Squad that controls your set Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check We on some outta state SHOOT like you watch Star Trek Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check You better keep my music bangin till it disconnect Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check Architects gettin money let me cash my check Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check Verse One: Busta Rhymes, Ol Dirty Bastard Busta Rhymes up in the place with the Oh-Dee-Bee  Busta Rhymes you rhyme (Dirty) Whaaaat? (You rhyme after me) The Oh-Dee-Bee was nominated for a Grammy  Congratulations Bust with your solo Elllllll-Peeeh!!! Puttin scratches in my lyrics like my name was Kid Capri Blow up the spot, regardless of your nationality  And I'm the Dirty Dawg can't UH (nuhzza uhzza nizza UH!) with MEEEE???  Took Mariah on a Fantasy!! Yo  I had a wet dream that I was ------ Jody Wately  Doin wild shzz a NUH ain't allowed to see But we about to blow up the spot momentarily Woo-Hah!! Ran stupid all throughout the country  And for youse to kill me? That wasn't meants to be I know it feel good muthafuh want the recipe!!  And whose the vigilante, in the place to be The Oh-Dee-Bee  Busta Rhymes real quality! My top philosophy, is to be the, volunatarily Nuh, that rip your ass for free, ha-hah-hah, hah! Intro/Outro 1/2  Ohh baby I like it rawww, get with me!  Baby it's frrrrrrreal ecstasy! Yo ev-ery-time I design a flow, you see in 3D Flow listening to me  Knock a nuh out, one two three! Chorus Interlude: Ol Dirty Bastard Dibby dabby dibbi dah, then I pass a lot Let me get more hot, represent the spot A mad Squad when it comes to the art of rappin I gotta KEEP your hands clappin When you look at me, the type of guy I be I'm a Dirty dancer, making girlies panties move Let them fly so I can blast up the DUH Girlies watch sayin "God, stop getting me hot!" Verse Two: Busta Rhymes, Ol Dirty Bastard May I talk shhh, yo kill the yappin Word is bond baby, tell me how you look so smashin Now I got your head hurt, you need an aspirin Bashin your head in the wall, time for some action! If you want a small piece well here's a fraction of shhh that will bust your head quick, peep the transaction of how we keep muthaFUH constantly crashin They flyin with, think no shifts, now whose the champion? I bring the wicked flow, like the latest fashion Satisfaction baby keep your camera flashin I was bust in the sperm cells mixed with Old Gold Funkest mode, 'fore-you-should-list.., some go Played for a wild Irish rose Bad uh NUH slam BUH with no clothes in the backseat of a 'back sixty-nine Oldsmoz Are your soles and toes in the windows? Oh my, huh, zzzoom Hey believe me when I say so You're in need ofarealnigC-Ka-Ka-Ka-Crambole Chorus Intro/Outro The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ the Ol Dirty Bastard (Wu-Tang Clan) Album: Woo-Hah!! Got You All in Check 12" Song: Woo-Hah!! Got You All in Check (the Rashad Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash	Corrections: darwin@deity.loa.com Intro/Outro 2X: Busta Rhymes (and ODB singin some crazy shit) Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Y'alllll y'alllll y'alllll, y'all Chorus: Busta Rhymes, Ol Dirty Bastard The Flip Mode is the Squad that controls your set Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check We on some outta space shit like you watch Star Trek Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check You better keep my music bangin till it disconnect Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check Architects gettin money let me cash my check Woo-Hah!! Got you all in check Verse One: Busta Rhymes, Ol Dirty Bastard Busta Rhymes up in the place with the Oh-Dee-Bee  Busta Rhymes you rhyme (Dirty) Whaaaat? (You rhyme after me) The Oh-Dee-Bee was nominated for a Grammy  Congratulations Bust with your solo Elllllll-Peeeh!!! Puttin scratches in my lyrics like my name was Kid Capri Blow up the spot, regardless of your nationality  And I'm the Dirty Dawg can't fuck (nuhzza uhzza nizza UH!) with MEEEE???  Took Mariah on a Fantasy!! Yo  I had a wet dream that I was bonin Jody Wately  Doin wild shit a NUH ain't allowed to see But we about to blow up the spot momentarily Woo-Hah!! Ran stupid all throughout the country  And for youse to kill me? That wasn't meants to be I know it feel good muthafuckaz want the recipe!!  And whose the vigilante, in the place to be The Oh-Dee-Bee  Busta Rhymes real quality! My top priority, is to be the, volunatarily Nigga, that rip your ass for free, ha-hah-hah, hah! Intro/Outro 1/2  Ohh baby I like it rawww, get with me!  Baby it's frrrrrrreal ecstasy! Yo ev-ery-time I design a flow, you see in 3D Flawless victory  Knock a nigguh out, one two three! Chorus Interlude: Ol Dirty Bastard Dibby dabby dibbi dah, then I pass a lot Let me get more hot, represent the spot A mad Squad when it comes to the art of rappin I gotta KEEP your hands clappin When you look at me, the type of guy I be I'm a Dirty dancer, making girlies panties move Let them fly so I can blast up the twat Girlies watch sayin "God, stop getting me hot!" Verse Two: Busta Rhymes, Ol Dirty Bastard Niggaz talk shit, yo kill the yappin Word is bond baby, tell me how you look so smashin Now I got your head hurt, you need an aspirin Bashin your head in the wall, time for some action! If you want a small piece well here's a fraction of shhh that will bust your head quick, peep the transaction of how we keep motherfuckers constantly crashin They flyest whips, think no shifts, now whose the champion? I bring the wicked flow, like the latest fashion Satisfaction baby keep your camera flashin I was busting the sperm cells mixed with Old Gold Fungus mold, 'fore-you-should-list.. slum gold Played for a wild Irish rose Fat ass nigga, slim bitch with no clothes in the backseat of a 'back sixty-nine Oldsmoz Are your soles and toes in the windows? Oh my hoes! Hey believe me when I say so You're in need ofarealnigC-Ka-Ka-Ka-Crambole Chorus Intro/Outro The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cam'Ron f/ Old Dirty Bastard Album: S.D.E. (Sports Drugs and Entertainment) Song: Violence Typed by: matthewmidkiff@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist (Cam'Ron) Fuck who ever saying shit fuck the hole system fuck who ever playing me fuck who ever listens Juliany fuck perjury fuck the club fuck the pub fuck the ball fuck him, fuck security,(violence) with a gun and grill that's how I fucked her, fucked y'all even Juvenile said all don't give a fuck hen, (violence) we on the worst on this shit holla more I go first on this shit lets see how many times I can curse on this shit,(violence) shit, fuck, ass, bitch, nigga, pussy, hoe hoe Putta, marico, pera, toto,(violence) I put a gun to your brain put you in front of the train drink a Smirnoff wait for it to wear off,(violence) take is hair off tear his ear off you loath us strip now you blow got the strap now she knows don't sob a bitch, hug a bitch, mug the bitch, mug the bitch get out of hear mugged the bitch, slugged the bitch,(violence) chorus x 8 ( violence ) die bitch nigga, bitch nigga die ( violence ) 4 chorus background ( die die die die die die die ) yo, yo, yo you don't know me grab you I will fuck what you heard, stab shoot I kill, (violence) kill kill kill kill nigga's triggers off we burn bitches nipples off pull them pistols off, (violence) for my real bitches cocaine copy they straight Loraine about it run up on your chain and pop it get in the red and drop it, (violence) you acting strange to cawk it you want a brain then stop it honey game is logic the money's regardless, (violence) gun scared to use it they so wild and pros shave your pubic, then put on the alcohol,(violence) here on the aria, fuck the plant house razors in the mouth waiting for you to talk slick then she talk spit, (violence) (spitting) ups the hork he you better cover, (violence) cut from neck to Dracula, chocked in blood,(violence) blood, blood, blood BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD, BLOOD DIE, DIE NIGGER BITCH (Violence) chorus x 8 die bitch nigga, bitch nigga die (Old Dirty Bastard) 8 chorus background (you fucking zoo keepers better leave my mother fucking monkey's alone) You prejudice I put you in you chair and peace to president I wasn't having that veal, (violence) and don't forget the fuck who's here Mike Tyson you cant be in jail am getting you the fuck out of hear, (violence) prostitute bitches if you prostitute, PROSTITUTE you're the best at the game of the few, (violence) I over heard a bitch say how he saw always two you could never have travelled my room (Cam'Ron) die bitch and am a hater hate your taste Hate your place hate your face hate y'all nigga's can take y'all nigga's,(violence) hate my life well I hate your wife hit your wife but I hate your wife now your about to hate this life,(violence) hate to say I hate shit I hate that bracelet well take that bracelet take that fake shit take that stink shit,(violence) and I hate shit collectors and fake big brothers with dick sucker's make the pig suffer you die left out,(violence) chorus x 8 die bitch nigga, bitch nigga die The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mariah Carey f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Fantasy 12"/ Mariah Carey's Number 1's Song: Fantasy (Remix) Typed by: stevey@tupac.com [Mariah]  {Ol' Dirty Bastard} Oh...yeah...yeah...yeah... {Keepin' it real, son, that's right} Ho...ooh...yeah...oh...oh... {The shining star, you're my shining star, girl} [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo New York in the house Is Brooklyn in the house Uptown in the house Shaolin are you in the house Boogie Down are you in the house Sacramento in the house Atlanta Georgia are you in the house West Coast are you in the house Japan are you in the house Everybody are you in the house Baby baby come on Baby come on baby come on [Mariah] Oh, when you walk by every night Talkin' sweet and lookin' fine I get kinda hectic inside Mmm, baby, I'm so into you Darlin', if you only knew All the things that flow through my mind 1-  But it's such a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby   When I close my eyes you come and take me on and on and on   It's so deep in my daydreams   But it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby (Fantasy)  2-  I'm in heaven   With my boyfriend, my laughing boyfriend   There's no beginning and there is no end   Feels like I'm dreaming, but I'm not sleeping Ooh, fantasy (You're so sweet, you're my fantasy) Sweet fantasy (Sweet, sweet fantasy) [Mariah] Images of rapture creep into me slowly As you're goin' to my head And my heart beats faster When you take me over Time and time and time again Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Sweet fantasy (Yeah, yeah, yeah...) Sweet fantasy (Yeah...yeah...oh, oh, it's just a sweet) Repeat 2 [Ol Dirty Bastard] Ladies and Gentlemen Introducing the Old, Dirty, Doggy Here we go now Me and Mariah Go back like babies and pacifiers Old Dirt Dog's no liar Keep your fantasy hot like fire Jump, jump, let me see you do the stump Girls, let me see you shake your rump Brothers hit from the back and front And let's do it do it do it uh-huh I'm a little bit of Country I'm a little bit of Rock & Roll And I'm soul to soul Big letters all big and bold Old Dirty Bastard bask and blow Repeat 2 [Mariah]  {Puff Daddy} What you gonna do when you get out of jail {I'm gonna do a remix} What you gonna do when you get out of jail {I'm gon' do a remix} What you gonna do when you get out of jail {I'm gon' have some fun} What you gonna do when you get out of jail {I'm gon' have some fun} (You're my fantasy) Repeat 2 (X2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J.C. Chasez f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Pharrell Williams Album: Schizophrenic Song: Some Girls (Dance With Women) (Remix) Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [J.C.] The door is coming off the hinges About to pass out, no doubt it's hot in here Because the club is full of women It's wall to wall and I got my crew with me We grab a table spot to chill in Hunt down a waitress, make an order Here we go Throw back a drink and let it kick in It takes a minute Who's ready to have some fun? [Hook: J.C.] Get up and take a lap and mingle Love being single on a night like this, yea So many beautiful young people That game is lethal, you don't have to kill them though Just look at everyone as equal While you were dancing she was watching, feeling you Her and her girlfriends by the speaker All moving on each other, this is when the show begins [Break: J.C.] Baby girl you keep looking at me Move your body so sexy Nice and slow, watch you roll You know how I like it Baby girl cause you know you got me Move your body so sexy Nice and slow, watch you roll You know how I like it [Chorus: J.C.] Some girls dance with women Knowing that it gets them attention And I wanna get in with them So pass me a drink and lets roll (Come here girl) Some girls dance with women Knowing that it gets them attention I wanna get in with them So pass me a drink and lets go (Lets go) [J.C.] Might have to peel me off the ceiling I'm like a soda that's been shaken up... boom I find the playfulness appealing That cat and mouse chase On your mark, get ready, go Send you a drink, see what the deal is Held up your glass and blew a kiss, and took a sip When you were finished, back to business You and your girlfriends group up This is how you draw them in [Break] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oh, I like the way you twerk it, twerk it, twerk it You and your girlfriend, sexual whirlwind (Yea) Right there booty jiggling while you jerk it Dirty's gonna work it out (Do that thing) Now I'm ready to put my work in Double my pleasure, whatever, lets get together (Work it) Spend the night with me, that's all right with me (Shake it girl) Long as you bring the thong, the thong thong (Work those hips, girl) If you wanna freak make noise I'm the boy I, like, sipping on juice and gin Touching bucknaked skin Your girlfriend and twin [Pharrell] Step right up and spin the wheel All charged up on what you feel Make an approch tryin' to keep it real What's you name, girl? Try your luck and spin the wheel All charged up on what you feel Make an approach tryin' to keep it real I wanna take you home Yea-yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Choclair f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Saukrates Album: Suave Dirt Dogs 12" Song: Suave Dirt Dogs Typed by: graumit@hotmail.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo y'all niggas can't do what I do, straight up But if you're ready to roll with me Know what I'm saying Y'all got to obey Dirt Dog, straight up It's like that, what! nigga I'm a fine and attractive handsome young man Got most pretty girls saying 'Dirty I'm your fan' I'm intelligent, so excellent Girls want to talk to me Bitch I ain't giving you no lip [Saukrates] Yo yo yo yo You never knew Sauk's could rock the keyboard See me out on the dance floor with three whores And planning to go back to see the seashore Sipping Sex on the Beach, but before I get outta here, I'm hooking three more Chickens, get with it Don't be a nuisance, taste the romance Forget the finance, all I want you ladies to do is dance [Choclair] (ODB) Tell me what you know about suave dog thangs Tell me what you know about dirt dog thangs It's two buff strokes to shine you belly chain It feels good like you assed out in the rain (straight up) Girls hold their eyes on the things I say 'Cause they used to catch, throwing down Gs on it We be stroking in the cab, breath on it With the meter still running, 'cause my knees on it Now you get to push first, put your two lips on it So call me the long dick brown skin hornet Ladies jam on it and shake that ass Suave dogs catch a groove, don't move too fast  "Play with me" *repeated behind ODB* [ODB] Don't stop Look, who that bitch over there? Who that girl over there dun? Is she looking at us, she like you dun CHORUS [ODB] (Saukrates) If you're ready to roll, roll with me (Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl) (Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl) I said, if you're ready to roll, roll with me (Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl) (Shake your ass girl, shake your thing girl) [ODB] You ain't tenderising me down with your sob story I got you under control from army to mob boy I mastered Tai Chi, you niggas better let me live con-for-tably Oh goodie, you tooti-fruiti oh goodie Tooti-fruiti, oh goodie Ah whap bomb a lou bop a whap bang boom [Choclair] {ODB} Now I hope you don't mind if I sneak a touch And slide in the cut, Sauk's got the record so the needle won't budge My track pants sag to create a half moon, nigga what Fellas if you see a fat ass say (what!) Ladies if you need a long dick say (aah!) Y'all need this, intricate groove bop shit {Don't be talking about my sister} Say my name girl (chizznocklate) Oh girl, now you got me thinking fast Your nice thick lips, Marnier in the glass You approach me, other dudes have to ask 'Cause they mad because they ain't getting none, fuck 'em It's as simple as this, I do my own thing Got my own shit and I got my own game Some dudes suck dick, I get my dick sucked It's as plain as that, word up Come on, let's pour the rum in the cup, word up ODB and me speak words freely {You don't stop} X4 Saukrates, uh, redrum Chizzy CHORUS  "Play with me" *repeated in background* [Saukrates] All you ladies got to do is dance All I want you niggas to do is dance All you ladies got to do is dance All you niggas got to do is dance All I want you ladies got to do is dance All you niggas got to do is dance All I want you ladies got to do is dance All you niggas got to do is dance All you ladies got to do is dance [ODB] If you're ready to roll, roll with me, stay dirty X4 Don't go against me Yo bring it back from the top Artist: George Clinton f/ Busta Rhymes, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Q-Tip Album: Greatest Funkin' Hits Song: Flashlight (The GrooveMasters' Mix) Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com [George Clinton] Oooww! I lay me down to sleep! Said ohhh I just can't find the beat! Everybody say flashlight! Aaaahhhh yeah! Flashlight! Everybody's got a little light! Flashlight! Everybody say flashlight! [Vocal breakdown] There's no use, oh won't you tell her go with me! Say flashlight! Red light! Yeah! Most of all need to find the funk Said help me find the funk Most of all, need to find it Help them find it Aaahhhh! Hey hey!!! Everybody's got a little light! Under the sun! I gotta help em Help em find the funk Most off all, help em Aahhhhhh! Mooove your sexy body Shine your flashlight Get your rump out on the floor Mooove your sexy body Shine your flashlight Get your rump out on the floor [Q-Tip] You got to shine the light because things ain't right Funk signs up, makes for a good night Kid let me tell you bout your fate As the mothership connects in CC, Chocolate City Got kids under pressure with the Bop Gun boppin We non-stoppin, the whole joint cold rockin Everybody up, we put it down for uncle jam An allstar client plus the number one fan Hold the Parliment funk so come and bump your rump It's all for a good cause, eliminatin applause [Busta Rhymes] Eliminatin applause, eliminatin applause Yo, come on baby let me suck your soul And lick your funky emotion you know we on a roll All glow as my people full of sorrow, tomorrow You free your mind, your ass'll follow Busta Rhymes come on complete, representin Stay shittin on funk beats with George Clinton Before we flip you really need to take a trip On the fully equipped all expenses paid mothership [Ol' Dirty Bastard] This recordin is dirty and stinkin Funky is the type of ?lepew? I'm thinkin About, droppin this single on the charts Lettin you know that the kid has heart I never denied myself as bein dope When a nigga slept on my jam Nigga caught the notes Hey sugar plum, hi, can you assume Bitch that the volume never has tune I'm not your everyday regular rap star (....?....) Beware of the hardware, please the hard way [P-Funk] (....?....) mayday Not H-O-G day, payday Palladium day Stagin the L-I-G-H-T day And can you feel it? Boo yah! Oh you're fryin Like he done take two hits a niacin Kinda like a chemical (..?..) Hot damn, holy smokes, what up So we havin a huge discussion And pretty soon, spontaneous combustion We on the map, well you can just sit around Or funk burn, you got to burn Di du joogedy di di dince dice Dum dum, dingbat damn, I say man Let's try it again, show your friend Is it true (.?.) naw, is it two eyes and hips? Well how the hell we gon get out this shit? And then the shit get lit [Repeat these phrases till fade] Most of all, help them find the funk Help them find the funk Help them find the funk, the funk, the funk Everybody's got a little Everybody's got a little light Everybody's got a little light Help them find the funk! Flashlight! Flashlight! Everybody's got a little Flashlight! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clinton Sparks f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Maybe You Been Brainwashed Song: Pop Shots (Sparks Mix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] None of you, nuh, betta look at funny Nuh, you know my name now -- ODB [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (sample)] As I poppppppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!) As I po-a-opppppppp, shotttttttttttttttttts (we gon' pop these shots!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] '86 was the year that it started Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it You be sittin in the county, with like 3 or 4 charges Young when started, but I had a talent To get this package off, cause I took it as a challenge So older niggaz game me much as I can handle Copped the eagle, started jackin' with the green New Balance shit I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen with the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans My name spelled out on my four finger ring It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen (Yeah yeah yeah, alright let's get into it right now) Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang [Chorus 2X - over "Wu, Tang"] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Toe to toe, I scrap with the best If I spit ten rhymes, nigga, nine gon' connect If you in front of one or two, I respect Cuz I probably just forgot, and wrote it strictly for my set Wu-Tang, man I love my set Niggaz comin up here, this is where the G's at - look here More money, more problems, my ass Youse a naive cat, if you still believe that, for real That's a trick to try to keep you where you at, all content While niggaz ridin Bentleys and Maybachs Think I'ma lay back playa, forget it First hundred G's I see, nigga, I'm tryin' to flip it And that's some real shit, not just a lyric Got a couple open cases, not too specific Niggaz out here tryin to prove whose these realest It's okay to pop shit, but come a little different Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang [Chorus 2X - over "Wu, Tang"] [scratched] "ODB" - cut it up 	"Recognize I'm a fool, and you love me!" [repeat 4X] Wu, Tang, Wu, Tang Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella Roc-A-Fella [Outro] Cli-Clinton Sparks "Get get familiar! Smash Squash The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Davina f/ La the Darkman, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Come Over To My Place 12" single Song: So Good (So Dirty Remix) Typed by: wubrothernumber1@hotmail.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah girl, never stop what you're doin girl You look good on TV knowImean Got my eyes all plugged into you You know, you got a lot of fans you know You know we love you [LA The Darkman] Check the scenario, it's LA The Darkman imperial I spit hot material to melt your whole stereo I'm set, tryin to see cash like Kevin Garnett Ain't no connin me, my partner's calm as Sean Connery The new rap nominee for masterin economy I'm lampin, catch me in a mini mansion Around mobsters, Muslims, scholars and hoodlums Cats just to eat will stop your heartbeat I rock Jordans dunn, got about 19 guns Now come see me, I grant my wife wishes like a genie You catch me in the street, black Lex and black beanie Walled off, slammed cats like Nikolai Volkov I'm the boss [Davina (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Never have I been so mystified by anyone's love before (talk to me) Hey, I feel so natural I keep comin back for more And each time we touch you open up a new door Baby you're such a midnight tease (midnight tease) It's gonna take everything to keep you from me, hey (comin atcha girl) And the joy that your lovin brings (lovin brings) Can separate the mountains from the sea Chorus: I don't wanna be wrong But it feels right (I don't wanna be wrong) If loving you is so wrong I don't wanna go on (I don't wanna go on) I don't wanna be wrong But it feels right It feels good So good, so good, so good Spent so many nights believing I was wrong for you bein in my life I can't ignore it when some say that it ain't right, it ain't right I decided you're the best thing that happened in my life I haven't had everything, oh no But you come close to everything that love means, hey yeah (talk to me) In heaven's eyes love is embraced between you and I Now that we have each other I don't have to dream Chorus [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, yo, yo, yo fellas please understand You don't need to just leave your woman Whatever type of relationship is at hand It's all God creations, sea, sky, air and land We goin through growin pains golden girl Let's go live together cause it's a Dirty World L-O-V-E, what does it mean? Peep game from a mentally fit sex machine It ain't all about that physical heat Girl, you look good, yes from your head to your feet Oooooohh sweet chariot Oooooooo to the Marriot [LA The Darkman] Gambinos, my team play hard as Rick Patino's The C-notes, women from black to Filipinos Street hero, heat up the charts like El Nino Egyptian, play the black knight position Wu-Tang, Killer Bees, on a swarm [Davina] Chorus (2x) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Sound good girl Don't ever stop singin to me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Deadly Venoms f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Shorty Shitstain Album: The Andidote Song: Drug Free Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Kids, don't get high Mothafuckas had me up in this mothafucka, last night and shit I'm cocained the fuck up Paranoid as a motha.. yo I'm paranoid as a fucka Yeah, fuck that.. yo I fuck around and shit I sprained both of my fuckin' fingers This shit.. man a nigga need to get.. I'm tired of gettin' high like that Ain't nobody came in my mothafuckin' school with no mothafuckin' drugs Stop fuckin' wit me niggas, stop fuckin' wit me Nigga, that shits all in my family, nigga Stop fuckin' wit me, the fuck is you talkin' bout? On the strength, what the fuck is you talkin' bout? We've been here too many years to stop fuckin' wit me [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Nigga I'm scared of the trigga While I'm the life giver and the life taker I'm your father-in-law, married to mother-in-law Got the universe movin' in the form of the sea-saw You killed 2Pac and Biggie, you know they was rollin' wit me You paid for your stupidity You can't do nothin' to me! I let your fuckin' fly free Nigga, I'm pioneerin' all the sound ya hearin' Earth from steerin', high mountaineerin' I sincerely fuck you up severly by the yearly Keep the sky clearly I'm straight from the seventies Mockneck colors wit ya bitch ass disappearin' Give me clearance, I don't want no fuckin' interference! I'm the Big Black Jesus! Throw ya hands in the air! And wave 'em, fuckin' Wu don't care! And if ya +'Bout It, 'Bout It+ Like we're +'Bout It, 'Bout It+, let me hear ya say, "Oh yeah!" Oh yeah! Well, oh yeah! I smoke woolers too, I majored the dust Uh, it's legal for me I drink everything, I don't give a fuck It's part of the universe Hey, what else I do? I do what I do Man, fuck that! I stays high! I don't give a fuck! [Shorty Shitstain] I be the rap head and the mic's my pipe I'm about to get everybody high tonight You ain't had no cool shit like this since '95 My Cuffie tribe is mad live, people do or die and I be comin' with the good shit, somethin' like dope I know you smoke it, but you won't get high, off this note Have you up, really up like cocaine, you thought you could reign? but all you did was throw mad pain, like diamonds You could say I'm the lady's best friend and when it come to makin' lyrics, I'ma represent Yo, climbin' the charts like a cat I'm rollin' with mad clips and gats I can't be stopped, like this is Shitty City [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Kids, don't use drugs! Durg Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! Durg Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! {*beat cuts off*} Dun-dun-dun, dun-dun-dun Dunh, do-do-do-duh-duh-duh Dun-dun-dun Maybe I was a fool, dun-do-na-na-na When you say gettin' high wasn't cool, do-na-na-na When I got used to this stuff, dun-duh-na-na-na {*snorting*} Wasn't enough.. {*beat comes back in*} Drug Free! Drug Free! Drug Free! [Champ MC] Yo bow down, we in the war with no images I know you're feelin' us, DV's and Black Jesus +Protect Ya Neck+, niggas better hit the deck And ya chick better give us respect, respect Eh-yo, my spit squad break ho's in like cavities On the majority, shit you kick been borin' me It's real logical, gain my strength, the biological The role model, rock ya cradle, no one's survivin' me The God-show, to yo' respect, we need to bless you On some other, under the weather, we undercover Stick stickin' 'em, shakin' 'em down, you know the program Get wit it, Venoms and Wu, we stay committed Committed, what what what? Uh-huh.. [?? (Shorty Shitstain) {*ODB rambling in background to fade*}] Baby.. Baby Jesus, Baby Jesus Deadly Venoms - Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper Chameleon, Poison, Scorpion, Viper (Brooklyn Zu!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Lemme tell y'all fuckas somethin' I ain't got nothin' against no one Y'all fuckas always go somethin' against me Fuck you! Men in Black! Drug Free! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Muggs vs. GZA f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, RZA Album: Grandmasters Song: All in Together Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (RZA)] Yo, check this out, my name is the Ol' Dirty Bastard Youknowhatimsayin, when I rhyme, when I, when I get down for my crown I come out crazy like a, like a tiger, or something, knowhatimsayin No, no, nobody can even F' with me, straight up and down You knowhatimsayin', so that's how we coming in, knowhatimsayin? (From the heart of Medina, to the head, to the east To the plaza houses, a/k/a the Mountain To the rugged lands of Shaolin, yo We rock all, all, all in together now Got played, got fresh, up---) [GZA] The world was bugging off this Wu-Tang nigga on the rock That was just another spot on the muthafuckin' block You forgot Cash Rule nigga? --- toss seven figures He pull a trigger to make that account, get bigger Had babies to feed, kept a bitch with need Thousands shows booked, promoters on speed His hands was in everything, including some pussy From the Brazilian wax, to the uncombed bushy From down state, psychiatric Who tried to put a code on his brain until he cracked it Now the media wanna view him like they knew him And his head nurse, wanna sue him cause she blew him Ever since he walked on stage, he was just a loose cannon Wild drunk staggin', a nigga who kept standing Class clown, who erase chalk from the board The only choir member, that sing off chord, we were [Chorus 2X: GZA (w/ RZA)] (All, all, all in together now) Kept the balance, stay dressed for the weather now Battle M.C.'s, anywhere, whatever town And remain victorious, in any ground [GZA] The All In Together Now, started in Bed-Stuy Human beatbox specialist, who dressed fly A half ounce of blow and a forty ounce drinker Magnificent flow, critical thinker Unique is one grain of sand from the beach And had bitches eating out of his hand He was intelligent, his style was relevant I can name ten niggaz that stole an element From the high speed chase to the court arraignments All of the above, was entertainment He caused earthquakes, just from experiments Some thoughts got lost, not knowing where it went His songs had a rep for many inducements Giving birth to new styles, after recruitments There's no replacement or any supplement He was a new testament, what he said, what he meant, we were [Chorus 2X] [GZA] The judge took a look at he, and threw the book at thee The sentencing, would of made the average crook happy They put him in a box, wrapped like a gift In them straight jacket, watched by two, worked the shift Gave him no phone calls, saw no sunlight Like, Billie the Kid, in his last gun fight Then days became weeks, weeks became months Carved the calendar on the wall, with his front The food pushed in, on the trays, looking sharp, in the cell My hands covered with latex gloves Cooks in the kitchen had laced his drinks The wild ass physician, they was off the breaks He got visits from shrinks who came in with ink-blots Moving with they own plot, but the Dirt, he think not He had nothing but time on his hands As if he got him signed from the Clan, we were [Chorus 2X] [Outro: RZA (chess sample)] All, all, all, in together now 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard All, all, all, in together now 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard 	"All in together now!" - Ol' Dirty Bastard (Now white doesn't really wanna use up His two remaining pawn moves, so he plays, king to E2) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Drunken Master f/ Bugsy, Redman, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Drunkenstyle Song: Urban Legends Typed by: Mad_Dawg_2020@yahoo.com [Sample from 'Belly'] "Hey dog, there them fools go right there!"  "Yeah, they-they rollin' hard too- They-they slangin' real good  Real good"  "I might have to drop 'em  Might have to drop a dime on them niggas  Know-what-I'm-sayin'? I don't like that shit  I don't like that shit" [Drunken Master] "Throw it up Throw it up, nigga Wha-what-what? Yo, y-yo, yo!" Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, world-wide, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Drunken Mast' about to get my money right Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, world-wide, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right I'm comin' through in the clutch like my name was Jerry West wit' a belly full of brew and on my hip I got the Smif-n-West ("What 'chu doin'?") Ballin' as I mash through these city streets Still fifty niggaz deep, packin' heat! ("What 'chu ridin'?") '99, chrome kitted Escalade ("What 'chu doin'?") Gettin' paid, ready to blast you in your bald fade ("What you called?") Urban legend, situation sticky Fuck you niggas if you niggas ain't wit' me ("Where you goin'?") To the bank then I'm headed to 'Lac ("Why?") To blaze a sack wit' them niggas who got my back ("Who is that?") Cheddar chasers, them B-T-T's ("And what they doin'?") Makin' G's wit' they mind on they chedda cheese ("And what you got?") Extra clips for them playa hatin' snitches ("Why they hatin'?") 'Cause Drunken Master's on the road to the riches ("What you gon' do?") Rush they spot and give 'em two to the dome ("Why?") 'Cause Daddy's home, about to get my grind on Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right [Bugsy] You wanna bring the ruckus? Fuck it, then we can If you's a G nigga, then I'm at least a hunded grand Damn- That's a whole lot missin' and what's this 'bout a competiton wit' all this bullshit you pissin' in the ocean? Damn, your little ass really must be smokin' Hopin' that I won't say that much and hit you wit' the camal clutch Nah, what the fuck? I'm on some ill shit for real and talkin' to me like that, nigga, 'll get your family killed But you will probably squeel and say it was me who pulled the trigga and I'll have to lie and blame it on one of your hoe-ass niggas, like they was smokin' Swishers when I stepped on the scene- This one nigga looked mean and stuck me up for all my green And all I seen was you bust up wit' the gun and all I did was run to the phone and call 9-1-1 And by the time I'm done, nigga, you be deep up in some shit and I'll be somewhere, nigga, deep up in your bitch So before you pick the wrong fat nigga to fuck wit', you better call your clique up, y'all niggas is plannin' some tough shit Some mo' rough shit, some mo' thirty-eight snuff shit But I'ma bust shit like 'Back the fuck up, you dumb bitch!' Not one clique? You better be for real That's like bein' blindfolded in the middle of a mine field Now y'all chill and we can make it pop Urban legends, nigga, holla at me when the album drops [Drunken Master] Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, world-wide, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and my nigga Bugs about to get our money right Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, world-wide, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and Funk Doc, about to get our money right [Redman] Yo, yo, yo Yo, stomp wit the big dogs! Sick dogs lurkin' Doc Bradshaw behind ball plant and steel curtains Denver Bronco fan, glock squirtin' Brick city, steerin' wheel hurtin' Prepare y'all fast cars for lane mergin' Hasta manana, y'all crash like Diana, cock block into gramma Got cock in Atlanta, rockin' P.P.P. Bandanas while we fuck 'em on camera It be too late to plant bait for my clique to fall We plant boobie-traps and pit-falls and thick fog When I tee, L.A. rock- It's yours! Websites couldnn't find a force wit' Macintosh on John Walsh- America's Most, aimin' for spots to put more than a tear in ya coat I back more hoes than Coach- Thanksgivin', Doc, the forty-second street float wit' most hip-hop folks I'm unemployed wit' courderoy gloves Through the voice di-rectly to chest, knock ya down like The Waterboy Me and Meth-Tical, PLURAL! We rob everything and set on mag ZER-O! Mothafuckas feel me- Top of the line, feel me- Knock the Soul Train off the track and I'm milky like titties and Similac when I ask you 'Bring it on back'! [Drunken Master] Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, world-wide, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and Funk Doc, about to get our money right Live from the 3-1-3, D-R-E, world-wide, international, V.I.P. Urban legends creepin' like a thief through the night Me and Funk Doc, about to get our money right [Redman] "So don't test me and my man Drunken Master Put one in your ass faster And I'ma drop wit' my man Brick City, 'cause we all kickin' ass 'til niggas' shitty Yeah, Young Zee and everybody run, dog Brick City, holdin' it down Don't like it, get you some balls And my man Chris Webber gettin' smoked the fuck out, FUCK Y'ALL!" [Music stops to Ol' Dirty Bastard talking on a phone] "Yo. Yo, check this shit out, man It's the Dirt Dog, you-know-what-I'm-sayin'? Keepin' it real, man, you-know-what-I'm-sayin'? Dirty don't give a fuck about nobody, know-what-I'm-sayin'? Only roll wit' REAL niggas, know-what-I'm-sayin'? All them faggot-ass niggas that wanna keep playin' that shit, keep playin' that song?! Let me tell you somethin' 'bout my real nigga, the Drunken Master Niggas get busy Niggas get busy for one cause! EVERYBODY ELSE CAN SUCK MY MOTHAFUCKIN' DICK!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: En Vogue f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Whatever 12" Song: Whatever (Remix) Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ladies and gentlemen, En Vogue, Osirus This is dedicated to all my monkeys Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you right on up Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you right on up Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you right on up Gonna funk you right on up, gonna funk you [En Vogue 1] Im loving you too much Don't take advantage of My tender heart and everything about me In giving you my trust Im giving you my love So do take care, please be gentle with my heart [Hook: (En Vogue) En Vogue 1] (Bum, bum, bum) Everything I do is about you baby (Bum, bum, bum) Baby I don't wanna give up I've been loving you from the start Here's my head, here's my heart Everything I do is all about you baby [Chorus: En Vogue] Whatever you do, whatever you think I look in your eyes You dont know how my heart aches Whatever you say, whatever could mean You're breaking my heart [En Vogue 1] I want it all the time, I want it every night I can't stop thinking, can't stop thinking about you I'm burning with desire, my heart and soul on fire So do take care, please be careful with my heart [Hook: (En Vogue) En Vogue 1] (Bum, bum, bum) Anything you do I crave it baby, baby, baby (Bum, bum, bum) I cant get you out a my mind (bum, bum, bum) Loving you I can't deny you're in my heart Deep inside, everything I do is all about you, baby [En Vogue] w/ ODB in the background I may be a fool for you, baby Well, I cant help myself Maybe Im too in love What else can I do but go crazy For your love, boy, Id give anything [Ol' Dirty Bastard] On and on, it's the rap professor Freaky and alive, the women caressor Never say I'm freaky or a pervert But baby, I'm a singer man, and I flirt I'm throwing you some nuh, my foot comes down When a man has a woman, he can nver leave town She's all on my back, oh, blocking my goals Same time ho, get off my own [Chorus 3X] [Interlude: Sample] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ BizMarkie, Charlie Brown, O.D.B. Album: Nuttin' But Flavor 12" Song: Nuttin' But Flavor Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Funkmaster Flex] Word up, you know the flavor, bounce to the beat It's the Funkmaster Flex to make you lean in your jeep On, one time for your mind C. Boogie break 'em off a little something! [Charlie Brown] Hey, yo, check it out, it's real late in the morning All these other DJ's, they really got me yawning But when Funkmaster Flex gets the radio hyped The people of type, it's time to wipe All the MC's that think they can rap real fresh Now the Boogie to the Brown comes off and I pass any test Like and SAT that inspires All I ever wanted was my name on fliers Blowing up the spot, rock hard, with the rhythm that goes around the clock Tick tick tock is the hands of time So listen to a brother as I start to climb It's like that, that that or this Get up and get dissed because my crew makes five fingers and a fist That's right, reminice over cuts and give me a kiss baby doll   "Nuttin' but flavor like Funkmaster Flex" (cut and scratched 4x) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Shoot me down, hear the sound WOOO, tight rugged-ass hip-hip sound Here I go again, something brand new Like my mom-AHH, rough any son out of the blue Straight to the point baby, I was born to be dope I was doing me, doooing meeee, DOOOOING MEEEEE, nope You slept on the record now it's time to break out Like a 40 being cracked, tasting good down the neck The lyric that I'm kicking to you from the crib All in together now, funky like a shoe Baby, I love rap and rap loves me Like a sister to a microphone to an MC What is an MC if he has no flow? Go aheeeeeaaaad, it's that in, Inspector Closeau Uh, Black Panther, would you do me? No sir Doing me is like a fisherman without water Then what could you catch? Nothing, stop fronting That's like a man with no legs kicking something What could you kick if you're not that slick Another flip to God, it's like Hot without him sir! What is your mission, please allow me to rock the spot! Kill a cop, don't cop walk do jop!   "Nuttin' but flavor like Funkmaster Flex" (cut and scratched 4x) [BizMarkie] The Biz came here to rock you and really blow your mind I can't really do it to you girl, I can do it to you anytime I don't mean no harm girl, all I want to do is sing With Funkmaster Flex on the turntables, and I am the microphone king I am down with the F-L-I-P Squad and you know I'm the Uh, original B-I-Z Markie, hey now You know me as the o-rig-in-al B-I-Z dub-iz uh A-R-K I with the E Best in Zing, man-appointed rap king Now I am bug-ging on the mic, no it's me, do what I like Now I'm sending this out to New Jersey and the Boogie Down Can't forget um, um, um, the Queens and Brooklyn is on the scene and Uptown, Manhattan, and Connecticut, it don't matter to me Yes yes y'all, to the beat y'all Party having people guaranteed to be like having a ball I'm the original one It don't matter to me because you know I sound so full and Ahhhhh, number like addition Super-educated, I'm on top of the list and This is something for the radio, hoe You know me, cause I am on the go Another mic and DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH DAH I make that out of my mind Now I can sing a record, I get respected I'm never neglected, while connected, Kyle connected You know me, I'm the original B, Funkmaster,  I'm just buggin', I'll just leave   "Nuttin' but flavor like Funkmaster Flex" (cut and scratched 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: GZA f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Beneath the Surface Song: Crash Your Crew Typed By: suckituo@hotmail.com [RZA] Eh yo... Turn my shit up son too Yo [GZA] You know exactly what i'm talking about, Y'know? [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm gonna crash your crew (x8) [GZA] Left drink wine, from the purist grapevine An' rhyme out the mutherfucking mind Metal shine, light blind, cut the mic line Catch juice from the ?land fo? 15 twenty inch woofers blow the manhole Made the street crack, master feedback ?Allah masters the beat back? The crowd look, while the stage shook Carpenters made errors Craftsmen had his head severed Pyroclastic flow, heavy like tonnes of snow Broke this rhymin' video Verbal assassin, blastin Exploit your break through explosively Echo chamber ate that rap up ferociously Game controlled, optimize the input channel I set it relatively high for those on a panel CD with the durable, long-life cover Very similar to no other I seen a million tryin' to set a flow Thousands that show Observe with the patience of watching a flower grow But one individual thing forgot the ?fri show? Now his pursuit is not for digress A special note, thanks for being flank While journalist's stay runnin' in front of tanks Blew out first class, came back close cash Ruff class, surfaces with no math Military campaign, while shots cause information of the brain Beat Crazy Eddie insane *cra-cra-cra-cra-cra-cra...* Filled with pain -- niggaz reign [ODB] I'm gonna crash your crew (x16) I'm gonna crash your crew I'm gonna crash your crew "You never use those shoes, you cant have platinum authority inject me,  bitch I inject you, with the shit that made you say, yo dirt dogg  chew-chew-chew...." I'm gonna crash your crew The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: GZA f/ Hell Razah, Ol' Dirty Bastard, RZA Album: Crash Your Crew 12" Song: Crash Your Crew (Remix) Typed by: kilahilz1@aol.com, Tha Masta [Intro: RZA, (GZA)] Hey yo Turn my shit up son too No doubt (know exactly what you talkin about) Do-do yo (You know?) [Chorus 4X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm gonna crash ya crew, I'm gonna crash you too [GZA] Let's drink wine from the purest grapevine in Rhine Out my motherfuckin mind, metal shine Light blind, cut the mic line Catch juice from the lamp pole 15 20-inch woofers blow the manhole Made the street crack, massive feedback Allah Math', spin the beat back The crowd look, while the stage shook Carpenters made errors, craftsman, had his head severed Pyroclastic flow, heavy like tons of snow Wrote this ryme in video, verbal assassin, blastin Exploit ya breakthrough explosively Echo chamber ate that rap up ferociously Gained control, optimized the input channel I said it relatively high for those on the panel CD with the durable, long-life cover Very similar to no other I've seen a million try to set a flow, thousands that show I observe with the patience of watchin a flower grow But, when individuals they forgot the frisk So, now his pursuit, is not without risk A special no thanks for being flanked My journalists that stay runnin in front a tanks Flew out first class, came back close cash Rough task, services, no math Military campaign, bust shots, cause inflamation of the brain Beat Crazy Eddie insane Feel the pain, niggaz reign [Chorus 8X] [Hell Razah] Make sure you got your helmet on and strap it on tight Via satellite, I crash like Roswell, landed in a poverty hell El Isreal, sippin cocktails, then we build like hammers and nails Verbal carpentry, rap gettin rocked in road cells Economically, I give labotomies, stay high off the finest weed Form a colony off the words I prophecy Brain damage you, crash your crew like Norfolk lawsuits Mayday, pull out your parachute, check the parables Drunk off the Absolut, get off my avenue Drove you over like the bulldozer Tell your cap'(tain) to train war soldiers Your whole camp get the cold shoulder [Chorus 8X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Genius w/ Master Killer, Inspector Deck, Ol Dirty Bastard Album: Liquid Swords Song: Duel of the Iron Mic Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Ohh mad one We see your trap You can never escape, your fate Submit with honor to a duel, with my son   I agree I see you using an old style, I wondered where you had learned it from  You know very well, it's yours too [Yo God, it's a duel, it's a duel] Heh, by the Gods, will you show me? [buck buck buck buck buck buck ] And where do you come for? [Duel of the Iron Mic   ] You come here, since you're so interested [Duel of the Iron Mic   ] Fight me [In the moonlight niggaz I will strike] [What, what? Bring it!] Verse One: The Genius Yo Picture bloodbaths in elevator shafts Like these murderous rhymes tight from genuine craft Check the print, it's where veterans spark the letterings Slow moving MC's is waitin for the editin The liquid soluble that made up the chemistry A gaseous element, that burned down your ministry Herbal vapors, and biblical papers Smokin Exodus, every square yard is plush Fuck the screwfaced photo sessions facial expression leaves impressions, try to keep a shark nigga guessin Give praise and shouts Son, here's the outcome Cut across the semi-gloss rhymes you floss Shit is outdated, just like neckloads of Sterlings Suede-fronts, bell-bottoms, and tri-colored Shearlings I ain't particular, I bang like vehicular homicides on July 4th in Bed-Stuy Where money don't grown on trees and there's thievin MC's Who cut-throat to rake leaves They can't breathe, blood splash, rushin fast like runnin rivers, I be that whiskey in your liver Chorus: Ol Dirty Bastard Duel of the Iron Mic! It's the fifty-two fatal strikes! Verse Two: Master Killer This is not a eighty-five affair, made clear when the Gods get on to perform storms blew up Wu's up, causin the crowd to self-destruct Killer bees are stingin somethin while I reveal Science, that's heavily guarded by the culprit Bombin your barracks, with aerodynamic swordplay, poison darts by the doorway Minds that's laced with explosive doses Damagin lyrical launcher Lunge at the youthful offender then injure any contender, testin the murderous Master could lead to disaster, dynamite thoughts explode through your barrier, rips the retina Who can withstand the astonishing punishing Stings to the sternum, shocked in the hip-hop livestock Seekin for a serum, to cure em Verse Three: Inspector Deck The thugs kill for drugs plus the young bucks bust Duckin handcuffs, throats get cut when dough rush Out of town foes look shook but still pose We move lioke real pros through the streets we stroll Bullet holes lace the windows in one-six oh So control the avenues that's the dream that's sold Bulding lobbies are graveyards for small-timers Bitches caught in airports, keys in they vaginas No peace, yo the police mad corrupt You get bagged up, dependin if you're passin the cut Plus shorty's not a shorty no more, he's livin heartless Regardless of the charges, claims to be the hardest individual, critical thoughts, criminal minded Blinded by illusion, findin it confusin Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard Duel of the iron mics     [The master, he must be dreaming, heh] It's that fifty-two fatal strikes  [Well, if he is dreaming...] Duel of the iron mics     [...then he must be asleep] It's that fifty-two fatal strikes, NUH [And if he is asleep]           [then I will wake him up!]           [WeahhhHAAH-HAH-HAH!] At the height of their fame and glory, they turned on one another Each struggling in vain for ultimate supremacy In the passion and depth of their struggle They very art, that had raised them through such rapiant heights was lost Their techniques, vanished The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: GZA f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Take it Back to Brooklyn (S) Song: Take it Back to Brooklyn Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, ahh, yeah, baby c'mon C'mon, c'mon... baby c'mon... break it down [Chorus: GZA (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Take it back to Brooklyn (Take it back to Brooklyn) Take it back to Brooklyn (Take it back to Brooklyn) Take it back to Brooklyn (Take it back to Brooklyn) Take it back to Brooklyn (Take it back to Brooklyn) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I get riggy diggy raw when it's time to get On the dance floor, hot rhyme funky shit Niggas always wanna step to me Thinking is he really raw as he say he be If I wasn't really raw, standing here on the floor You be hearing "Boo; he ain't hardcore" Then you play like you live up, won't survive Coming in popping all that jive, but can't get a vibe I'm an average man, G-O-D fam Let it be known it's the jam, Wu-Tang Clan Coming through, and threw you boys back So throw ya hands in the air, and then you don't care Who, the Ol' Dirty Bastard be or by You be hopping on my shit just like a fly Bzzzzz, all around, this dirty and stinking sound down to the ground What, what, what you wanna do, what you wanna do when I'm coming for you I'm gonna give it to ya, baby, baby, baby [GZA] Wu-Tanging, flip and ah' scripting You can test my skills, but niggas must be tripping Coked up, I'm sniffing, clip and wanna piffing I'm not old, peace, so save that old shit for Andy Griffin You start to flip, now you slip, cuz you flipping While you sleep, I be the God on pimp like Scottie Pippen As I jump on stage, cold rip or flip a, show Trip or rip a, ho, play like Bo Jackson, while I'm taxing, I'm asking Relaxing, flip backs in, laying tracks in... Artist: Hoodies featuring Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Raw Dog 12" (Release date TBA) Song: Raw Dog  Intro: Cash and Ol' Dirty Bastard  Yo, check it son, Hoodies up in it  Ol' Dirty, where you at??!!  Wu-Tang,Hoodies representin'  One time, check it out  Verse One: Cash  While I ain't got no hoe I can settle for yours  Just chillin' with the bitch and she's down my draws  You asked why she sucked my dick and she said just cause  But you know the real reason's cause I ain't got no flaws   I'm known as pretty curt to the one's who flirt  The one's who don't recognize got they eyes in the dirt  They know what they missin' ?,Yeah they wishin' they's kissin'  This bad ass Hoodie who's now on a mission  I want a nice dick sucking and a blunt in my hand  And I won't even pass the mic to my right hand man  I just keep flowin' on and on,word is bond  I go swimmin' in your pond if it's clear of all the swan   Verse Two: Ol' Dirty Bastard  Olympic tourch still flaming,Wu-Tang still aiming  For all y'all niggas to just stop complaining  The debuah was Comin' at Ya' when they first attacked ya  Then they tore it up with the Ol' Dirty Bastard  The Ason, I flip one, Yo, With the shogun  Wu-Tang all in it, Yo, I'm just about done  Verse Three: Bite Size  How you expect me to run up in you  When you don't wanna be my boo  Yo girl FUCK you  I got another bitch and I ain't trying to switch  But if I fucked you your garunteed to twitch  Every now and then cause my dick's like a gem   You feel that shit once but never again  With my boy Cash, Yo, We call him Raw Dog   This type of shit gets you hopping like a frog The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Insane Clown Posse f/ Ol Dirty Bastard Album: The Amazing Jeckle Brothers Song: Bitches Typed by: Spictastic@hotmail.com Bitches! Ha Ha Ha! Bitches, Ha! Bitches... (Old Dirty Bastard) BITCH, at any moment, that's what I'll do [You fucking bitches]I'll do it to you And a few of your crew at any moment[Yeah], that's what I'll do [ICP, ODB]I'll do it to you And a few of your crew [Bitcheeessss!] (1st Verse- Violent J) BITCH! WHAT THE FUCK?! What are you trying to do to me? You wasn't true to me When I was locked up you fucked something like 35 guys [Rrrghh!]But I let that slide 'Cuz your ass is big, and your titties is fat I wanted to FUCK THAT But FUCK THAT I never gave a FUCK THAT, you put me through the courts [AND?] And gave me genital warts Now I stack my .9, I'm goin' for the knees I'ma blow 'em out and give your neck a squeeze [Aggghhh! Whoo!]As you're standing there, I'ma be like BITCH! [Ha ha!]You know you done fucked up, right? (Chorus- Violent J) Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta die [Now you gotta die, now you gotta die] Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta DIE [Never wanted it like that] (x2) (2nd Verse- Old Dirty Bastard) Bitch, don't talk about bitches I'm fucking them Please no fat bitches I'm fucking slim Unless it's one of those likes stroking my shit I don't care 'bout how I'm fucking it How much it costs, big fat...crackhead? Ain't trying to hear all those words you said Five minutes, bitch [ahhhh] and I came Fuck your name, and from where you came I don't give a fuck, bitch! I will kill you! You Shaquita! You Belinda! You too Passion...BITCH! (Chorus) [Ahhhhh....you bitches!!!] (3rd Verse- Shaggy2Dope) One thing I can't stand is these bitches Trying to take my riches, when I ain't even got none [Bitch!] I never lied, you knew what I wanted all the while [what?] My dick in your vertical smile [yeah] We kiss and hug, and snugg, and tickle But the bitch wouldn't even buff my fucking pickle [bitch] You fucked everybody else in the place, it's all good Now let me head-butt your face! Bitch! I love you, but now you gotta die that's right [Bitches!], that's right Girl you know I love you, but now you gotta die [Bitches? Bitcheeesss!] (Chorus x3) Girl you know I love you, you dumb bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jon B. f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Stronger Everyday Song: Everytime Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Jon B.)] Ooooh, yeah, Just Blaze, Jon B., Dirt McGirt [Jon B.] Somebody told me, you was in, major clothes Or by yourself, so what's holding you back And we can too be, closing in, cuz I would be In your bed, oh, what you bringing girl [Chorus: Jon B.] You do it everytime, blow my mind Let me show you why, can love tonight You do it everytime, see you walk through my mind Kinda thinking your fine, being a chip off some lies [Jon B.] So girl let's keep this going Cuz I inside, will open wide, and I ain't shy I'm just letting you know That we can get it on til six in the morning And you hottest tease, up in this joint I'm asking please, girl, let's cut to the point Is you what's keeping this going I can feel you body telling me Something... that's obvious to see, that you and me Is you, just kiss you, your lips, I can't resist this Kinda sick... the way that you fuck with my mind [Jon B.] Everytime I see your face It, really blows my mind Baby show me, why I came out tonight Gotta make a jumpoff tonight [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Alicia, Keyshia, Amber or Renee No strings attached girl, I just wanna play All y'all look like candy Make you scream "awww" when I creep in your fantasy Ain't no shame on a nigga, ain't no game I'm just buggin' off your figure Have a little Armadale, girl, take a swigger You don't have to worry about the cost When you pop off with the boss Desires, keep my eyes, extra wide Suprise, I'm a big boy, recognize The broad, is what you are, by far I'm wishing on a star, in my car Body in the back, all up to the ceiling Sexual healing, is what I'm feeling You and me girl, we can rule the world Or we can jump it off, jump it off! [Hook 4X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Get nasty, get crazy Get nasty and just jump it off The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Black August: Revisited Song: Do the Damn Thing (Remix) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Killah Priest (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] (It's the hot shit, nigga!) You know this beat is crazy, right (Hahaha, come on!) This the beat right here, yo (hahaha) They gonna love this when they hear this, g (come on) (Yeah, Dirt McGirt and Killah Priest, hahaha) [Chorus: Killah Priest] A lot of these rappers r indecisive That come into the game like y'all the nicest But anyway get rich get brain Get off the wall and do the damn thing Get off the floor and do the damn thing Get off the floor and do the damn thing [Killah Priest] Silly rappers when will y'all learn U play with fire and U will get burned cause now I've been low lately waiting my turn Turn off my radio cause I'm not concerned with y'all Weak rhymes same topics This one for the street for the projects For my G's with the weed in the apartments (uh) For my dogs in the law hit with charges (Killah Priest) Fuk them cause I luv y'all regardless For my chicks in the whips dancing braless Hair done nice face looking flawless I got the thing bust off lead objects Y'all cats r lame no threat it's a promise (blaze) Name your favorite rapper well he's fake And U fake that's why U fuk with his tape I'll take that thing and just bust in your face (come on, come on) [Chorus : Killah Priest (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] A lot of these rappers are indecisive (come on! come on!) They come into the game like y'all the nicest (come on! come on!) But anyway get rich get brain (come on! come on!) Get off the wall and do the damn thing (come on! come on!) Get off the floor and do the damn thing (come on! come on!) Get off the floor and do the damn thing (come on! come on!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! I'm on the streets ringo, spendin' the spingo Eazy-E lingo, you doin' the tango, the vet don't wear Kangol I dare pump my shit out the club, actin' strange, yo Smack y'all niggaz in yo face, yo Got wiggas in the place, yo, by partyin' this muthafucka I'm the only round lookin' sucka I watch ya birds clucka, I'm free to ya tucka So hold up, I'll play this muthafucka! I'm on the other side, sportin' the vibe I'm like college to this bitch asshole then vibe, slide! Enter tah, with ya asshole movin' like hah So don't ever let the shit break ya soul With the drunk shit I will take ya soul I move with mad heat and smoke you in ya head, man This shit war, sign my tape man, take man I'll blast you in ya muthafucka face Smoke you in ya muthafuckin' face! [Hook: Killah Priest] Cause it's a new year besta come correct I ain't heard a style that I can't do yet I ain't hear a rapper that I can't move yet Get off the wall and do the damn thing Get on the floor and do the damn thing [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yeah, Killah Priest, nigga Recon Records, Ol' Dirty Bastard Knowhatimsayin? Ya'll DJ's better play this shit Youknowhatimsayin? Ya'll best to play this! Ya'll know, I know where ya'll live! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Killah Priest f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Heavy Mental Song: If You Don't Know Typed by: Sean D, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Killah Priest] Killah Priest... King Masada Landed on this sick canvas Now I roam this dead planet, head bandaged Insane, preachin God's commandment, feel me I move through the dark regions, and won't stop 'til we even, until you bleedin, until you stop breathin Givin careers a severe beatin for emceeing; it's something that I don't take lightly, how the fuck you ever invite me to a duel, I drool Before I break fool, then I drag MC's Beat em down to they knees, grab your necks and SQUEEZE Until there's no life left, they lifeless You're micless, what a crisis I give them a good night's rest I break they biceps, and triceps, thighs and necks Breast area, is the best area Before I bury ya, I make sure that you never ever, ever, ever, try that shit no more KnowhatI'msayin? (Word is bond!) Your ambition, put you in that fucked up condition Leave you with your own conviction, shit was non-fiction Now you in a state of non-fiction Make you beg for mercy, if you ever approach me I blow your head off, when I talk, chop off your arms and bash your head in, you know where this shit is headin for a dead-end, stop your sweatin like Otis Redding, got your pants wettin Snuck up on you at your wedding, at your honeymoon turn that shit into doom ANd turn your rap cass-ettes, into your fucking caskets You God damn bastards Lyrics I mastered, rhymes burns like acid [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I'm complete analyzer of your entire eye Gave you those toes to crawl, so walk on by I'm the insect in your pie, the hair to your lye The good to your bye; your question to your why The wing to your fly, low to your high The Dirt Dog, I be the God; the tear to your cry I drop in it, cleanse the Earth's My place of birth Islam gave me the eye [Killah Priest] The mental brave the grave, the ceremonies from religious cults, half man and half goat Tomorrow hopes, based on the horoscopes We followed ghosts, our nose in hella smoke Fire breathin dragons, I rubbed the gold lantern to the see the future, through the crystal ball The triple walls official once the missile fall Offence, see the coffin, often I fell at the doorstop coughin, I heard the pipe organ (cough) Saw some men of a white origin I saw Bill Clinton, Ronald Reagan, and George Bush Barefoot, sucking from the titties of a wolf Upon the brazen altar, six men offer their only daughter splashin holy water I ran for the, camcorders, now I'm plagued with curses I roam the Earth's surface, snatchin purses Allergic to catholic churches, what's the purpose Religious worship, is worthless I visit ancient sanctuaries, where the saints were married But now they buried cause of Satan's fury, I faced the jury Held in court, like Christ nailed to a cross Confront my knowledge, like Christ in front of Pontius Pilate Days of violent, standing in a haunted palace The government wants my wallet [Chorus] - repeat 2X [Killah Priest] If you don't know... now you know Killah Priest, now you know [Malcolm X] We believe in the resurrection of the dead We believe that the 20 million black people in America in the last day will be taught the truth The trumpet of truth will sound in your ear, as its being sounding today The trumpet of truth, and as truth strikes your ear, it strikes your heart it will open your eyes, it will open your ears, it will make you stand up It will do the same thing for you that truth did for the dry bones in the valley because the picture of dry bones in the valley is talking about you the picture of Lazarus laying dead four days is talking about you You are Lazarus, you are the dry bones you are the prodigal son, you are the lost sheep The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lennox Ave. Boyz f/ Drag-On, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Terra Black Album: Move Back (S) Song: Move Back (Remix) Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Jae Millz] Can't fuck with me, huh I'm from the click called N.I.B. Move back, move back, can't fuck with me Huh, I'm from the click called N.I.B. Huh, yeah, you know what it is, Harlem Get ya face smacked in it, Harlem Harlem, right here, Harlem You stupid if you don't bounce to this man You gonna only look like a hater, huh-huh Lennox Ave. Boyz, what up, it's only right They know what it is, man, remix [Jae Millz] Move back, its no touchin' me, I'm from that place called NYC H Dub to the death, and I don't give a fuck what party it is I'm still in the club wearin' sweats (hah) Milk ears with the money colored check Ill two step, blowin' dubs with the best Live life, most hated, with my Lennox Ave. Boyz Remix, Move Back, with Grease providing all the noise Huh, your home boy game so raw And I ain't even gotta say my name no more Haters wanna give my name to the law But punchin' and kickin', to kick us all, they can blame you for Might catch me in the 'Lac with Snaps Or lightin' sticky green 'dro, with Wink and Meeno You from the hood and you ain't no coward, well me neither And before you step on my sneaker, I really think you need to (move back, move back) [Drag-On] This your boy to the dash Same nigga, no talkin', just result to the mass I stab niggas, throw the hawk in the trash Peroxide my bullets, give the burners a bath Three fifty Z, burnin' the Ave. I'm old school, I still got the fiends burnin' the glass I pull the pump off my waist, and dumb in your face I'm a little bit too hard for the radios to play I still can spit eighty miles an hour in a verse And my Coupe go eighty miles an hour in reverse I let my tool go, ya'll niggas just studio killas Nigga, I'mma killa in the studio I got guns that'll hollow a wall Point it to your jaw, make you swallow it all Ya'll niggas want hardcore? What the fuck you think the R, Full Surface and D-Block is for? [Cardan] Big ask, who's back, that's P-Cardi And what he in, what he in, he in a Fer-rari You know I'm strapped, you know I'm strapped, I got the heat on me And what I'm wearin', and what I'm wearin', a long Bigari Thinkin' I'm Joe Clark, nigga, try to 'lean on me' But if he is, like Biggie said, 'he gon' bleed' Niggas ain't hard, niggas heart full of creatine But go against that, green, I go against your, brain And don't fuck with me and the kid, I've been a daddy all my life No 'dro, we gon' blow that alley all day, say what Act stupid, we gon' it crackin' here tonight Greasin', Meen' on the front, with Snappy on my right If rap don't work, nigga, we go to the kitchen Those ain't hoes, so then you know we ain't pimpin' I'm on, my toes, so nigga, no, I ain't slippin' Too close, hold somethin', or now I know Cardy didn't [Terra Black] And if he know, what keep me little Think you know, I think it later See me, and my guns come to, just like a waiter You up north, singin' just like Anita Baker Make up your mind, then come and ready, feen to meet your maker The man that laugh last, will surely laugh harder Me have a gonna shut up and eat bars, and all of the prankster With them and I for black gangster (huh, I'm from the click called N.I.B.) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] But drunk, when he hop inside, in the club gettin' tired Bitches scatter all around me, ready to excite it All these kittens got me flea bitten, eatin' out my mitten I'm comin' off top, my moves are unwritten Now slitter to the snake, in the spring time wither But strong on my own, Wu-Tang, I'm forever Women desirin', jobs is hiring Money admiring, never keep it tiring Dominate nothin', the easiest job ever And I'm doing mine, holdin' it together While money quadruple, from playin' the cripple Drinkin' from a titty nipple, sippin' on ripple Blunt keep on flippin', from keep gettin' dippin' The mic I'm rippin', the record skippin' The pussy drippin', the wet got me slippin' The bitch I'm strippin', I'm platinum shippin' [Chorus 4X: Jae Millz] Move back, move back, you can't fuck with me I'm from the click called N-I-B The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mack 10 f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Buckshot Album: The Recipe Song: For The Money Typed by: bizzy_manson666@hotmail.com Ladies and gentlemen, flight 1-0 from LAX is now arriving into JFK International. [ODB talking] What? What? (...?...) about that money, nigga. How many, hey yo, how many niggas is really making money now,  now what I'm saying? This 98, I'ma tell y'all cats somethin. This is the year of do it, or don't. If you gon do it, you better roll on with this crew cat,  juggyyyyy!!!! [Mack 10] (ODB)  People call me crazy, but that's alright with me (It's alright!) They ask me why I'm hustlin, (We hustlin!) I say for the money (Yeah!) I duck down with Buckshot, Hoo Bang with Wu-Tang (Oooooo!) Won't hesiate to slang, so money ain't a thang (Ahhhhh!) Called Buck and Dirty, asked em what they need They said send me two thangs and some LA weed So my belief is fuck the beef, all money the same And when I get to New York, I'ma show you the whoop game I make a bitch stay down, cuz I'm that type of guy Put the work on the Greyhound and fly to the NY Hit the east coast with a pocket fulla cheddar Tan khakis on with a thick red sweater (Oh yeah!) They see me with some hoes, couldn't be better timing Cuz though a nigga g'd up, I got on big diamonds, so nigga what? (Tell it to em cat!) [Hook] [Mack 10] (ODB) People call me crazy, but that's alright with me They ask me why I'm hustlin, I say for the money (Yo, I am comin over, to your spot tonight  I promise you my baby, that I'm gon do you right!) [Buckshot] (ODB) {Mack 10} Through the gusty wind, I roll with fifty men Ready to get nifty and shifty and low So what's the movements, yo? Let me know Cuz when I come for motherfuckers, I'm comin for throats It was sad I bled, but the red in my eyes shed Light on the dark, I led the blind in sight Now I got all of them inside It's the reason why I do this, and I night ride (For the moneyyyyy!!!!!!) If you and a nigga outside, say the word  And I'm a spruge with my flight team soarin like birds Missed it on the Friday with my nigga Cube But the bomb blew Saturday when Mack lit the fuse Who other than Buckshot come pick up the pieces And straighten niggas out like creases {Speak on it} Yeah nigga (It's for the moneyyyyyy!!!!!) Buckshot, ODB, Mack 10, back at it again [Hook] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Hey yo, most of you know me, some of you don't When it comes to challengin, none of you won't Arrange this battle to improve your style It's a brother with a totally different profile Most of you play cold front in your face Hesitatin on the rhymes, shoulda been Memorex But, you forgot, you's an amatuer Mystery worshipper, yo I prefer I mind you, tease you, who's the boss? Sucka amneisa, memory loss, welllll Hit this, just quiet as kept Mmmmm C's on the charts from the start had slept Leeeeet's take them, wake them You should be woke Cuz you take MC'in for a practical joke, Hmmmmm I present myself to be a similar nightmare of an Amazing Story [Hook] [ODB talking] Yo, you ain't hearin nothing but a drop of the dime. Know what I'm saying? To all my dogs, I wanna give a shout out. You got my nigga, Mack 10. You got my nigga, Buckshot shorty.  And you got the one, dirt dog. Know what I'm saying? And we gon do it like sweat hogs, my nigga. This how we get down! [Mack 10 talking] People call me crazy, but that's alright with me They ask me why I'm hustlin, I say for the money Haha, Hoo Bangin records, pushin weight in 98. Cookin nothing but the bomb. You know what I'm sayin? Cuz we got the Recipe, fo sho! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.A.D. Kutz f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Xzibit Album: Reelizm Song: Desperate Man Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Give me the muthafuckin' cue, I'mma pop this shit We desperate men, muthafucka, we need this muthafuckin' CREAM, muthafucka Ain't nobody out here trynna give us shit, muthafucka Fuck all that shit, fuck all you hoes, fuck all you Hype ass muthafuckas, all y'all can suck my dick [Diesel] When I rise, in the morning, I thank the God that I'm breathin' Cuz all the population's risin', y'all muthafuckas be leavin' And I don't wanna be, one of those, who be singin' Shot up on your local newspage, then later on this evening Some say they ready to die, nah, that ain't the fly guy All I wanna do is make CREAM and just get high Some wonder God is he gone, til his jewelry stop But I can handle that shit, no way can I not rock block I just let the section know that I do, to be respected and matured I refuse to leave Bush, that's kinda home like the worm And past my reflex, duck shit, I'm like sperm My radio frequency, now go against the grain like Howard Stern East to West, niggaz need to clean it out their ears and Now who rockin' Biggie, and fake Ice Cube's ?? In the hole, we need it get it again On the mic, now Dino rap shit next year From a not born, to a born don, rap armageddon Is there a light at the end of the tunnel, or just a dead end To get it back like a light packerback, move the way, and yo Nigga roam, I pack the track [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo I never underestimate a desperate man Yo, get splattered in the paper like a desperate pen friend Yo, sippin' on it, I peep the hooks to end And if it's war, I'm goin' out like a sinful friend Why don't you, get on the mic, a little my friend Why don't you, get on the mic, a little my friend Why don't you, get on the mic, like respect in my hand [The General] Aiyo, the beef is on, y'all niggaz brought the heat to my kitchen So when poison switch in, snitchin', in my ear bitchin' Knowin' damn right, you runnin' around like a clown In and out of town, snatchin' niggaz for G's and pounds One of the first niggaz tell me, I had a fluke Now you come around, trynna sing to me, is that you know I got a full clip, nigga you need to get off that bullshit I stay strapped wit a gat, I'm Alert, ready to pull shit Aiyo, aiyo, way back, like roosters ready to gat Now the tendency, sippin' Hennessey, sellin' crack For the avocado son, now you turned desperado Know no Gravato, or Crystal out the bottle Trynna swoop me out the game, but I'm in like Rado Sweatin' like Pablo, while I'm pumpin' on diablos Wanna get me, I'm takin' muthafuckas wit me, that's my motto [Xzibit] Big bad, insane, black child to blame Pay attention to third, I serve words to the suburb Neighborhood and projects, son, let's break these checks Well not just yet, it's still bigger things to get to Hit them before they hit you, believin' me, huh? I grab the grease to the first, you get burnt when you touch it Fuck it, like the dick bitch, learn how to suck it I rock the master plan, I need to lay low in Amsterdam Finer weed take your hand, to measures of a desperate man I'm here to do ill things like Don King Step into the ring, ginseng make me swing Got me on the third on, no runnin' this year But I can probably burn some, Japan, I don't make friends Just associates, only shake hands when appropriate Only the holy get, for comin' off of sendin' it Stayin' sucker free, never sleepin' wit the enemy Xzibit, I'm unexplainable like the trinity Mountain, fourty ouncin', I'm announcin' The end of war, bitch strained, the crew that can't fade, it's a.. [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Muthafucka, what, what, bitch ass niggaz We rollin' rock hard like a C.I.A., gun shot done and pay I'm the water and the rain, only the ducks suffer green and lust Get high on the yo-yae, third jaw, third wheel A hundred dollar matrix, half naked, get half American I love pussy, I get pussy, the water, I eat it, bitch, the wet supporter Don't give a fuck about whatever I say Muthafucka, I'm here, to gettin' money, get it on, til the break of the dawn Muthafucka, Ason, roll up jay and nut, what, desperate man, muthafucka [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] And that's real, that's the real to real My nigga puff weed on the wheels of steel And that's real, that's the real to real Muthafuckas better house to end of my appeal Yea, I'm bout to fuck my kill That's why I never understimate a desperate man That's why I never understimate a desperate man That's why I never understimate a desperate man That's why I never understimate a desperate man The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Masta Killa f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Selling My Soul Song: Dirty Soul Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Masta Killa] Shit... thank you, thank you, thank you Yeah, you see, when I think about soul music There's a few people that I would like to mention Brothers and sisters, solo or group That had an effect on my life I would like to begin by showing my utmost respect and love To my universal soul sisters, beautiful sisters like Chaka Khan, Aretha Franklin, Miss Millie Jackson Patti LaBelle, Miss Betty White, Glady Knight Tina Marie, and Miss Mary J. Blige Soulful groups like, Isley Brothers, Blue Birth, Blue Magic The O'Jays, Emotions, Rolls Royce, The Delfonics, Parliament, and the Jackson 5 Now, we gon' move on to my soul brothers Soul brothers like, brother Barry White, Isaac Hayes, Curtis Mayfield James Brown, Mr. Stevie Wonder, Al Green, Teddy Pendergrass, Marvin Gaye The legendary Sam Cooke, Otis Redding, Rick James, bitch, and my man R. Kelly Now when it comes to the soul, there's one more brother in particular That I have to mention, and he just happens to be my brother Ason Unique Known to the world as the Ol' Dirty Bastard See if RZA would of threw some shit like this on He would of went crazy and probably said something ill type He would of probably said... [Masta Killa] My beats slamming from the rugged programming The man Bob Marley, hey my man, I'm jammin' You can never test my stamina, while I'm ramming the Hip hop crowd, make me rah rah rah Other MC's got flipped with the ease, begging me for mercy, God, stop the music please No, cuz I'm a pro, back to the convo, make the crowd say ho, at a strip show Represent, his name is Ason, keep calm Rhyme come smokey, funky like a stink bomb Boom, blowing up niggas, mad bullets in the trigger So you better run for cover! Niggas got loose in they ass, felt the glass A full account sprout, yo, yo, yo, money, yo pass Woo, woo, woo, hospitalized Is he gonna live Doc? No, the nigga dies Maximum those MC's populating Minimum those MC's I'm dominating So all in together now, who, what, what, who Rhyme come stinky like a girl poo [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa Hippa to the hoppa and you just don't stoppa [Outro: Masta Killa] Yeah, yeah, yeah, you already Aiyo, special love and dedication shout to Mama Cherry, we love you Popa Wu, Brooklyn Zu, we already 12 O'Clock, 60 Sec., Murdock, Shit, Buddha Monk Zu Ninjaz, and all the seeds, there seeds, whole family, man You know it don't stop, stop, yeah Yeah... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Masta Killa f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, RZA Album: No Said Date Song: Old Man Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com, CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I want two beef patties, special sauce, onions, tomatoes Lettuce, on a sesame seed bun... on a a sesame seed bun, you big dummy! Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (I want two beef patties) Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (with onions... special sauce) Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (cheese on the special sauce sesame seed bun!) Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh (you big dummy!) Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh [Masta Killa] I rock the mic and make the crown said "Ho!" People if you ready to ride, then let's go The older the wine, the more vintage Each sentence, mature like stock dropped on beat Sold in it's highest peak, the black panther Call him for the answer, the shadow dancer No cure for the cancer, carefully approach this near-ville approach Tension in the street, we stressed and wanna eat Supply, meet the demand for those who get high Sly & the Family, carve my name in Stone, peace to Angie On and On, Chief Jay Strong' .44 long, state today's math and what's ya name born The Abbott had his head reflectin' off the chrome Bank loan for a mil', Oprah, hold me down like Dr. Phil [RZA] This is napsack rap, oint joint gas My gats point at you now you can't point back Penetratin' skulls, I'm diggin' holes like the mole My sword will not dull My daily toil's: to protect the Earth so the seeds won't spoil Ya Frankenstein type mind like Peter Boil Hooked on that Power-U, money, weed, power, too Powerful God-U, fine booze, lines of snooze {*inhales*} Clouds of smoke, we smoke today break We keep the leaves soaked, in that PC Y'all best to run when y'all see me I'm like Godzilla stompin' through Mt. Fiji On his way to Tokyo You hollow block head tell lies like Pinochio Flip the Nokio phone, call my nigga T.S "How you want the Triple X rock cut? V.S.?" Or Princess, or simply solid The Prince word is worth more than the wallet [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Doggy doggy! We'll steal your bone! Doggy doggy! We'll steal your bonnnne! Doggy doggy! We'll steal your bone! Doggy doggy! (I said!) We'll steal your bone! [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] I said, two beef patties, special sauce Onions, tomatoes, lettuce on a sesame seed bun On a sesame seed bun, you big dummy!! Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh Dah-dah-dah-deh-duhhhhhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mathematics f/ Masta Killa, Ol' Dirty Bastard, U-God Album: The Problem Song: Break That Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ol' Dirty kickin' your ass The things that you learnt in class, is trash You can't do nothing with it, I put you in the past The pilgrim muthafuckas -- shut the fuck up! I do it to you bad luck, the hair get plucked The only thing on your brain is to give me this cash And stay out of business, cuz I'm takin' your cash This world belong to me, none of y'all free I got y'all in -- slavery The habit of breathing, the hope to find That you're misbehaving, Link your Cuban Fuck your booing, flash the burners On your crewing, cuz I'm much different from The other M.C.'s, I got the amazing ability I get on the mic, so you can have a ball (break that break) I can fly through the air and stick to the wall I can take a punch, or get hit by a car Could go to the nearest or farthest star As a matter of fact, that's what I won't talk about How I'm going outer space, just to be in the house How I'm going outer space, ---- -- be in the house [Chorus 7X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Break that break (nah-nah-nah-nah) [U-God] I'm that mic enhancer, the beat programmer When Ason Unique speak, he throw hammers And we go bananas over old school breaks I take an old school loop and break it on yo face I start from a clean slate, bang you on the waistline Deep Space Nine, mass master bass line I break spines, til they fraction or splinter I want Michael Jackson money, just a fraction of Thriller Deep in, the laboratory, manufacture the Zilla Cock, notch category, capture the realer We the ex-drug dealers, still serving them fiends With TV's in the car, the size of movie screens You know the routine, give 'em what they need That disco shit, satisfaction guaranteed [Chorus 7X] [Masta Killa] Yeah, 1-2-3, microphone check In the place to be, as you can see This is Wu-Tang Clan guest starring M.C With no harm intended, nobody offended Carry on with the social, nothing but a party tonight Special invite, ladies free before midnight We lock the club down, clash sound hear the guns pop See D.J.'s spin, counter clock, keep gridlocked Line around the block, women by the flock Wanna party with the great, I reap Jamel Ring bells throughout the state Diggin' in the crates, for the old school Remix, nice it up for the people Ladies want the hardest stiff, to spread eagle [Chorus to fade] Artist: Melbeatz f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Thirstin Howl III Album: Rapper's Delite Song: Dirty & Thirsty Typed by: Davida.b. [Intro: Thirstin Howl III] Yeah, this what happens when you dirty and thirsty at the same time [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, It goes one shot, two shot, three shot, four That's how I'm soundin' when I'm shootin' down your door Five shot, six shot, seven shot, eight That's for all them niggas, that I catch at the wait Nine shot, ten shot, eleven shot, twelve Them four shots, gonna keep me outta jail I be, damned if I fail, BK know me well And take your precint to war, before I take a fall I'm good with them free throws, like I play ball When the war is on, it's McGirt that you call The last man standing, heavy with the cannon Come through on a bike, with a bulletproof, prancin' Leave you in your pearl, put you on the porch, dancin' And leave your brains on the back of a white shirt While they playin' some old school shit by Al and Bert I'm not gonna stop til I'm under the dirt [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] If ya'll want war Let's get it on Cuz we don't care Where ya'll from [Thirstin Howl III] One shot, two shot, three shot, four I wear that gold chain that used to be yours Five shot, six shot, seven shot, eight Shotgun shells give your face a new shape Nine shot, ten shot eleven shot, twelve That last fucking bullet I'ma save it for myself Speed luger, weed smoking, walking with the pistola Somebody gotta die for this shit to be over Brownsville, pull your gold card membership Rikers Island styling, just courted sentences You been a bitch since your thing started showing Glocks down in Moscow, did the jooks out in Poland Leather trench, villain shit, gutter crime citizen Show the something hand held with shells to kill you with My heart's the realest thing to ever fill a clip [Chorus 2X] [Interlude: Thirstin Howl III] Yeah yeah, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Roc-A-Fella Thirstin Howl III, Skillionare Enterprises Melbeatz, Optic Records This universal right here, all around the world Ya know what I mean? This is breaking language barriers righ here When you dirty and thirsty at the same time, somebody's gon get hurt [Chorus 2X w/ Thirstin Howl III ad libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Streetlife Album: Ain't a Damn Thing Changed (S) Song: Ain't a Damn Thing Changed Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man] Uh... what's really good? Yo, yo, yo... [Method Man] It's the unstoppable, over come any obstacle Ya'll know my flavor, pack more punch than Tropical Any mission possible, do what I gots to do Labels gettin' butterfingers, and next they droppin' you You think you know, but you have no idea The Diary of a Meth Man, what's this I hear? Somebody told ya'll, steppin' in shit was good luck? I got the hood stuck, chh-chh, now give the goods up Ya'll done pushed up, past the point of no return It's Meth's turn, so roll that shit up and let's burn I heard Philly got the best 'scherm, out in Cali, they got the best perms Now that we know, when will the rest learn? Come on, each one, teach one, hear no evil, and I don't speak none Everything cool until that heat come Just call my name, and I'll be there Ya'll kids is slum, like the jewelry in Albi Square [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Method Man)] Let me do my thang, thang, thang Guns soundin' shitty when they bang, bang, bang (lord) New York City in the game, game, game Recognize Johnny Blaze ain't a damn thing changed (haha) [Hook 2X: Streetlife (Method Man)] Method spits fire (Fire!) The roof's on (Fire!) My crew's on (Fire!) [Streetlife] M-E-T, H-O-D... [Method Man] Man, I'm in the house like foreclosures Talk sober, until some dog gets forced over New York soldiers, be at ease, fall back Never ever, I'm the New Era, like ball caps Kid, whenever, whoever, whatever, ya'll want it Ya'll can have it, the problem and answer, I'm all that While we at it, let's tighten up our grips around that cabbage Silly rabbit, how many kid's done tricked you on your carrots The product of a bad package, like Bishop Don Juan it's Magic How I break 'em like a bad habit, hit tracks like it's target practice Then let these darts take a stab at it Niggas ain't got it, ain't never had it I jam like L.A. traffic, Jellyroll behind the wheel And the passenger seat behind the field It's your boy, physically fit, mentally sick Get dirty money, told you honey, I'm filthy rich [Hook 2X w/o "fire" the second time] [Interlude: Method Man] Yeah, ya'll niggas don't know it's a game Until it starts again... haha! [Method Man] Six minutes, Method Man, you're on If you thinkin' you gon' slip and be alright, you're wrong You can see me lightin' the bong, while writin' the songs That the crowd, is either singin' to or fightin' along, fightin' along I'm try'nna tell you drugs is not your friends And girlfriend, don't try and front like you got your friend I'm at the hotel, motel, Holiday Inn And my chick's a man-eater, she be swallowin' men Aight, live from New York, it's Saturday night I got pipes that drain your confidence, and battery light Aight, mami tight, but she ain't really my type If ya'll don't see me treat her right, then she ain't really my wife When I was young, I was stayin' in school, obeyin' rules Play with my food, what makes you think I'm playin' with you? This is it, ya'll better come on in, the water's fine Jump on in, let's do it to 'em one more 'gain [Hook 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: 4:21... The Day After Song: Dirty Mef Typed by: Cno Evil [Intro: Method Man (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Expect the unexpected, motherfucker, let's go, come on Yeah, M-E-F, hahahaha, special guest (Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck) Hahahaha.. yeah.. [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, you don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit One verse, and leave in a new Benz-er Take a trip down south and put some hoes to work, you hear me Dirt McGirt, you niggaz gon' respect it I'm drunk and crunk so don't come in my direction I'm ready to thump, and get the whole crew arrested Bail 'em out, and laugh about it in Texas, yo And get with Rome, down in Caki-Lac And hit the spot, in the hood where the happenings at Where the shootin' and the fightings and the stabbings at Where the Lincolns and the Chevys and the Cadi's at, shit Them down south niggaz been loved Dirt Take a shot to the head, if you been through the worse Show respect to your niggaz, who been doin' it first And be comin' with that shit, I'm just doin' the worse [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Method Man)] Yo, you don't wanna ride with Dirt, you still stuck in coach You don't wanna fly in first, yo, I can spit (Yo, you don't wanna ride with Meth, we still sniffing coke Even if you tried your best, yo, I can spit) [Method Man] Yeah, damn, I'm just like Dirt in the booth I'm the truth, I don't need to go to church in a suit Each verse is the proof, I drink a 100 Proof Cop searching the coup, I got some herb in my boot When Wu is coming through, the outcome: critical Fucking with this style, the outcome: get physical Meth get lyrical, and y'all can get my genitals Don't forget them aid essentials, vitamins & minerals Heh, ya'meen, I'm taking one for the team Like Martin Luther King, taking one for a dream I'm dope, to many fiends, live by many means If you don't stand for nothing, you'll fall for anything That's real shit, let's get this money real quick Dirt Dog, I'm feeling this, but I'd rather feel rich I mean filthy rich, I'm corporate now Big Meth, the label's Def, that's why I talk so loud, nigga [Chorus 2X] [Hook 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.O.P. f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: M.O.P. Salutes the St. Marxmen Song: Pop Shots M.O.P. Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com {Marxmen.. Cinema} [Intro: DJ Premier] + (ODB samples) Rest in peace, Ol' Dirty 	"See my name is the ODB" "The-the-the-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard w/ samples cut] As I pooooooooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts As I po-a-oooooop, shotttttttttttttttttts [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Eighty-six was the year that it started Crack hit the states, and my hood got to poppin Back then, you had to catch it with narcotics Without a doubt, Brooklyn had the hardest projects Nowadays, if a nigga say you got it You'd be sittin in the county with like 3 or 4 charges Young I started, but I had a talent To get this crack cooked, cause I took it as a challenge So older niggaz gave me much as I can handle Copped the Eagle, started jackin with the green New Balance shit I'm feelin clean, I was only thirteen With the heavy starch, on my Bugle Boy Jeans My name spelled out on my four finger ring It was Dirt then, cause McGirt you ain't seen 	"The Ol' Dirty Bastard" "Rollin...." [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ more samples scratched in [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Toe to toe, I scrapped with the best If I spit ten rhymes, nigga nine gon' connect [Lil' Fame] + (Ol' Dirty) Crime time, one-seven-one-eight Marxmen Chill Dirty I got this (Tell 'em who the fuck Iiii BE!) F-I, Z, Z-Y Famesta bitch; duke you ain't heard, you fuckin with Weird Al Yankovich, Brook-nam bangers See y'all niggaz still boppin to bullshit, that ain't the shit Shame on a nigga that tried to run game on a nigga Then, tuck in his chain on a nigga I thought you used to pop that thang thang on a nigga And air blocks out like bang bang on a nigga You pussy! Fuck the shit you talkin duke Cause everybody can smell it when yo' punk ass walkin duke Get it right, it's the Ol' Dirty Bastard with them old dirty bastards, from Brownsville (motherfucker) 	"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..."  "The ODB" 	"Tell 'em who the fuck I be..." "The-the-the Ol' Dirty Bastard" [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ more samples scratched in 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella, Roc-a-Fella" 	"Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang" "See my name is the ODB" [Chorus] - repeat to fade w/ more samples scratched in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Neptunes f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: The Neptunes Present... Clones Song: Pop Shit Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: ODB] 1-2, 1-2, 1-2 (guess who's raw?) Yeah mothafucker, you know who it is Ol' Dirty Bastard a.k.a. Dirt McGirt Killin' anything that moves {x2} You know what time it is Neptunes mothafucker.. The Neptunes Yo 1-2, 1-2 (yeah this shit don't stop!) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Plug it up, cocaine make ya speakers blow Party amps gettin' sniffed up now wit it too When there's somethin' in my camp, a wireless amp High as a ramp, speak to Wu like stamp The wet got me damp, pussy darker than lamp Moses you don't wanna 'ttempt, I see all fans I'm too drunk too, now you like "Move!" Coked out in Peru, in hair/here like shampoo Small like snubs, camera to you scrubs Kinda like stubs, confidential at the club Sniff buds like Rule, I fast Ghost like Wu Get CREAM like tube, burn ya fast food Appeared in rude, we'll take ya panties off nude Yes and renewed, big guns and clued Bitch I'm loose like Lugz, Dirty to the litter bug Girls you like hugs? I don't like thugs [Chorus: Pharrell (ODB)] Pop shit, bitch what's wrong? Pop shit, nigga what's wrong? (Take my drink it's about to get..) OOH! (Take my drink it's about to get..) OOH! (Me and my niggaz about to get...) SUED! (Me and my niggaz about to stop..) YOU! [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Aiyo all this shit is from the ghetto Smoke Palmetto, sing like Peno Carry the Heathrows, scared of police though They tried to kill O. in prison yo! Had me turned out, drunk is all about I got this money pourin' out the stout I'm a loud mouth, drunk party is out Play this music on every route Follow Dirty, I'm the WhiteOut Catch bitches like trout, get drunk, won't stop I'm gettin' this money, called gettin' honey Streets of Brooklyn and ain't a damn thing funny Have a day sunny, bitches put me in ya tummy I'm the nigga on the cross burnin' about 20 Go me a bunny lookin' good and funny All you niggaz, is straight crash dummies [Ol' Dirty Bastard] I was checkin' out my melody before The Blueprint Felony, a nuisance, huggin' me and my two cents Don't double the six takes, never did a mixtape But rather a chick take but waste any weather we get cake I let rats have it, fuck these rap faggots! Everybody want the kid dead like Pat Garrett I'm a goon, speak with a mellow tone Rock yellow stones, gun longer than a broom! Cuz felon on the ride is long due and soon Out again like boom, government comin' soon Anything less is uncivilized like it tastes mad I'm a shoot a youth's Sajak, cooler than a mayback Arubu known to collect, twistin' up that haze black And Backwood on that, hoodrat, I stay strapped P.P., don't carry that weight Nigga redhead, fuck with chicks if their head straight [Outro: ODB] Yeah you know what time it is It's that new shit Dirt McGirt, Neptunes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Omar f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Say Nothin' (CD Single) Song: Say Nothin' (Remix) Typed by Killahillz160@Hotmail.com, ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Omar)] Yo, Yo, Yo, Yo No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (Baby baby ba ba baby) No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby Yes I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (Yay yay, moo moo..) [Omar] What's with you I want to know Your inner self is starting to show Speak your mind in the best way Don't want to waste your time another day No matter how hard I fall, nothing ever seems to change Whenever I hear you call, I come running just the same [Chorus: Omar (background singers) {Ol' Dirty Bastard} If you say nothin' (Say nothin') Want nothin' (Want nothin') want nothin' from me Please Don't waste my time I said somethin' (Said somethin') wanted somethin' (wanted Somethin') for you Now your wasting my time If you know cause I wanted {Yo yo yo yo} Don't put me down cause I want it Don't put me down cause I need it [Omar (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] I don't know just what to say I know my mouths is gonna run away Can't you please excuse my mood I ain't gonna go out my way to being rude no, no, no Eveyday is a day that is wasted trying to make a change yeah That just like seas trying to change the places with time and space (Sing this) [Chorus: Omar (background singers) {Ol' Dirty Bastard}] You say nothing (Say nothin') Want nothin' (Want Nothin') Want nothin' from me Please don't waste my time (Don't waste my time) I said somethin' (I said somethin') Wanted somethin' (I wanted somethin') I think It's for you to respect me {Yo Yo Yo Yo} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Omar f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Say Nothin' (S) Song: Say Nothin' (Scratch Professor And Omar's Dark Mix) Typed by Killahillz160@Hotmail.com, Tha Masta, Cno Evil [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard] No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby Yes I ain't sayin' nothin' baby No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby [Omar] What's with you I want to know Your inner self is starting to show Speak your mind in the best way Don't want to waste your time another day No matter how hard I fall, nothing ever seems to change Whenever I hear you call, I come running just the same [Chorus 2X: Omar] This is bye bye baby (you do nothing for me) This is bye bye baby (nothing nothing baby) [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Omar)] No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (got to keep my sunny side up) No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (got to keep my sunny side up) Yes I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (got to keep my sunny side up) No I ain't sayin' nothin' baby (got to keep my sunny side up) [Omar] I don't know just what to say I know my mouths is gonna run away Can't you please excuse my mood I ain't gonna go out my way to being rude no, no, no Eveyday is a day that is wasted trying to make a change yeah That just like seas trying to change the places with stars and space [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] CIA told me not to say nothin' About Big and 2Pac, life's a little somethin' Whenever there's no witnesses You know the government had to do with this Eighty six churches got burnt, no witnesses Guess I'm next on the hitlist They tried to kill me three times Saying Osirus is some type of God, brought for the people refined I'ma start hittin' the schools Teachin' my children about the devil without the God within You thought they was dead BIG and 2Pac live in me I know all you sick human families I mastered all you human lessons kid Takin' my photograph tryin' to manipulate my negative Kumars and Oz and Dubar, oh man I'm not sayin' nothin', black is God [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Peaches f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Next 2 U 12" Song: Next 2 U Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ooh, ooh, ooh Peaches, sexy girl, you know you got it going on Somethin' fine, baby, somethin' fine [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Well, I wanna get next to you Ooh, I wanna get into you Baby, I wanna get next to you, girl [Chorus: Peaches] Aiy-aiy-ya-aiy-ya, just wanna get next to you, wanna show what I wanna be Aiy-aiy-ya-aiy-ya, wanna show you what I mean to you [Peaches] I got somethin' for you baby, I got a little somethin' To you, for you, I'm not thinkin' for my baby, to get it in Here it is, I don't let 'em know, really want to show you What I mean to you, there's no thing, I really wanna bring, right there We'll just take it slow and never let it go Cuz we'll leave all our troubles behind [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Come on talk to the hand, levitate the body to Peach She's fine, my pace it get sweeter and sweet The body of a woman is deep you say deep creep until you're whole heart beat Let the Dirt Dog fuck it to a freak from high to low I wanna bone them cheeks The Indian Cherokee will have babies by the fleet A rugged Dirty Bastard, tearin' up your street I wanna get next to you, boo, straight up I'm a freak, heheh [Peaches] I really wanna say, I really wanna say, this what I feel right now Really dont know, how far we'll go, just take it for a ride Just take it slow, and we'll let it go Cuz we'll leave all our worries behind [Hook 2X: Peaches] I'm gonna give it you, what you need, what you need, what you need I'm gonna give it you, what you want, what you want, and when you want it [Chorus to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Popa Wu f/ 12 O'Clock, Babyface Finster, Drunken Dragon,  	Manley Musa, O.D.B., Shorty Shit Stain, Spiritual Assassin Album: Visions of the Tenth Chamber Song: Prepare for the Buddha Monk Typed by: Masta10304@HotMail.Com, goldenarms_10304@yahoo.com [Hook: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Get prepared for the Buddha Monk You wanna get high? Roll up the skunk Ladies and gentlemen.. [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, turn this shit up, man Turn the mics open.. turn the mic up, man I want.. I want the mic.. I want the mic to shake The mic don't even sound good at all Man, what's up with that shit? Each one of these niggaz try to say a rhyme They don't wanna work through that shit KnawI'msayin? Niggaz gotta learn how to feel that shit.. If you're feelin with me, then you're dealin with filth If you can barely hear it then you need to go [Hook 2X] [Chorus 2X: 12 O'Clock] It's a Buddha Monk show Brooklyn Zu niggaz smoked, high off a duck low [Babyface Finster] Nosy wails tales from a High Plainz Drifta Bounty Killer, most wanted villain Dead or alive, to survive he strive off gun smoke I toke, the Colt forty-five Desert Eagle, rips through cerebral tissue The issue, gun slingin, drug dealin, four wheelin Appealin chicks, up jumps the bullshit And it's a hit, a tale of two hoes Songs about clothes, need to be thrown out ya fuckin window Niggaz lovin hoes, lickin their toes I suppose you high from the candy, for the nose Niggaz is a joke, I take a toke of the la And all the botty boys go boom bye bye [Manley Musa] If he fucked up These niggaz spreadin rumors and get touched up By M three-eighty-oh, Musa on the low Get ya high with fly style, rugged profile With chuckers, you know its time for some pound to go Cock suckers, get they fuckin neck broke in my book Strike, if you don't want to get hype then stay put Pop shit like like liquid lips, spit like Mac's spit Burnin in whips, sippin and dip cops and shit The God can't slip, I hold the weight above my shoulders Fake toasters get bust back, you're still in the holster Don't play this shit backwards, it goes "MC's lack this" Deep in the corridors of the ghettos where I yap this Heads try to plot on this, kidnap us like slaves, du' Doggy, he's Wu, he's the brand new craze Young child misbehave on brand new styles that's bathed And addict was holdin black back in his earlier days I had badder days, that was better days and skills pays Still got laid, rollin on through these street trades Each corner is equality, baby, do you follow me? Diggin in the Crates to write this sawed off biography While your girl be hard, gosh in me, partially, properly Cuz you know the Gods be, I be new born to this, see? My mom's givin me a kiss and the first whif for me to Live off this and your shit too Gods teach Hebrew to a due to live proof through My rhymes will be findin you, black will be designed you Dig into my chronicle, so I can unbondage you They let you see what they want you to But things is right in front of you (Ladies and gentlemen...) [Buddha Monk] Yes, we leave your brain demented, these God-bodies invented A skill of Resident Evil with no follow-up sequels My peoples, don't let the devil mislead you and beat you Wicked minds they feed through, sayin it here for the people It's unbelieveable, weak minds they retrieve through Schemin for the C.R.E.A.M., rejoice in the Land of the Dreams Slide the poison in the weak germs, black babies turn to earthworms In holocaust you must learn, dis-speak your devil terms Your mind is tapped like forgery and everything you say is watery What you ought to do genius is stop karma like Twelve Monkeys [Chorus 2X] [Shorty Shit Stain] I be the rap head and the mic's my pipe I'm about to get everybody high tonight You ain't had no cool shit like this since '95 I can't be tried, it's mad live, people do or die And I be comin with the good shit, soundin like dope I know you smoke it, but you won't get high, off this note Have you upped Billy up like coccaine? You thought you could reign? But all you did was throw mad pain, like diamonds You could send the lady's best friend And when it come to makin lyrics, I will represent Yo, climbin the charts like a cat I'm rollin with mad clips and gats I can't be stopped, like this is Shitty Shitty And my Zu rolls thick, floodin the country with massive hits [Spiritual Assassin] Yo, the pictures you painted and paragraphs is half-assed A hard task to accomplish, I'm a full definition of skills Being impressive, one rhyme is selfish, it's known as relatives Objective and goal, make an emcee concentrate You're frustrated, when you examined Vocals' movin forward, with left and right pannin You're shootin tranquilizers, reach out as Spiritual touch This Brooklyn warrior walks with stab wounds to the gut You picked up twenty yards in rushin, menustrate Got hit, your backbone couldn't hold the weight Shit shift, like a burnt out clutch, position Twenty-two yard line, you're out of fuckin commission I'm fuckin up beats like Vodka from Finland, fatigue shit is green And left them calm like they we're all ready My shit is point blank period like a bitch leanin heavy Spillin over the same path, from my mouth you fall last [Drunken Dragon] This is lyrical insanity and mandatory we bust All you so-called crazy niggaz still get touched Son I thought you had shit locked down, look around Manchuz took control of your stereo sound Plus the crown for the new found kings of this rap thing Victorious swing like Lo Han's, son no man could take what I start I keep the best for self, to get the poor part Plus the boot like Columbus, S.T.D. spread like fungus Touch hundreds, thousands, more than million Oh no we're four billions, our way of light shines through darkness I spark this track like lye, pop dukes was a gemini What's your sign? *scratching of the beat and beeping* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rhymefest f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Blue Collar Song: Build Me Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Dear Ol' Dirty Bastard, no no Dear, Baby Jesus, no that's not it Dear Dirt McGirt, aw yeah yeah yeah Look, man it's this girl that I really like man And, I want to get her to notice me So, I just wanted some advice on What should I do to like, get her to come my way Write back soon, your biggest fan, Rhymefest [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup Baby just to let me down (just to let me down) Mess me around, and then worst of all (worst of all) You never call baby when you say you will (when you say you will) But I love you still, I need you! (I need you!) More than anyone darlin; you know that I have from the start Build me up (build me up) Buttercup, don't break my heart [Rhymefest] Look, c'mon Have you ever met a girl, come into your world Cracked the safe, put your brain on sterile Activate and leave stains like curls Sophisticate, and make you feel so world Ahhh, there it is - so liberated Ridin in a sports car, so ventilated Joggin in a sports bra, so titillated Chick so Hood, but not refrigerated Look McGirt, I don't wanna trouble ya But this chick on my block, I'm in love with her I wanna get up in her Bush like Dubya Tryin to get up in her Bush like Dubya So write me back, let me know How I'm 'sposed to hit it when I got no dough How I'm 'sposed to spit it when I got no flow Shimmy shimmy yay, shimmy ya, shimmy yo Oh (woo-hoo-hoooo) [Rhymefest] I just wanna talk to her But I'm me and this girl is so popular Mr. Dirty gave me his binoculars From a distance I just started watchin her Then I met her at Hills on the Southside Bought her chicken and fries, with coleslaw side She ain't say thanks enough, that's all pride I don't care about her manners, I just let it slide I just think about fuckin you everyday And just sink in the back of my Chevrolet All that chicken you ate and you never paid Take my order, can I have a breast or leg? Would you fin' to say no, oh, how's that so? After I came here and spent all my dough? "Look boy it's chicken, what is you broke?" Then I got scared and said it's a joke Gave her a hug and stole her a Coke [Rhymefest] Dear Dirty, thanks for the advice and everything man It didn't really work out with this chick this time She wasn't that buttercup, she was just another slut man But you know what? I'm just gonna say forget about it man I'ma go get a movie, you haven't seen "Harry Met Sally" yet? It's kinda like what I'm goin through; aww, whatever C'mon! Yeah This is for everybody lookin for that perfect girl man Sometimes you ain't got all the money in the world And you ain't got all the looks in the world but You can still find that buttercup Don't let her build you up and break you down man You build it up, whatever, yo freak for me Make sure she like to fuck though, heh That's always important isn't it? [ODB] Expect you're the one for meeeeeeeeeee [Fest] Yo Dirt, pack your bags, let's go [ODB] Girrrrl, the way you give brains to meeeeeeeeeee [Fest] Yo Dirt, it's over G! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mark Ronson f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard, Tiggers Album: Version Song: Toxic Typed by: Cno Evil [Tiggers] Baby, can't you see, I'm calling A girl like you, should wear a warning It's dangerous, I'm fallin' [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Oooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up [Tiggers] There's no escape, I can't wait I need a hit, baby, give me it You're dangerous, I'm lovin' it [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Enough to make a nigga, go crazy Shut down the Grammy's, ask my grammy Wu-Tang for the kids, but your host can't stand me Wu-Tang for the kids, bust them off for family Catch me on Disney (ma, who is he?) Down Dirty, stinky, grime and grizzly Old man McGirt, lookin' under your skirt Fucked the pussy til' it's orange, like Ernie and Bert Like, ooh [Tiggers] Too high, can't come down It's in my head, spinning round and round Can you feel me now? [Chorus: Tiggers] With a taste of your lips, I'm on a ride You're toxic, I'm slipping under With a taste of a poison paradise I'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic And I love what you do, don't you know that you're toxic Yeah, I'm burnin' up from what you do, you know that you toxic [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Like, ooh, igga, I'm burnin' up She said, ooh, nigga, I'm burnin' up Meth got the weed, we can burn it up I told the D.J., nigga, turn it up I want a girl that help me take my medication So I don't end up at the police station I don't wanna go back to the police station They tried to send Dirt on a long vacation [Tiggers] It's getting late, to give you up I took a sip, from my devil cup Slowly, it's taking over me Too high, can't come down It's in the air, and it's all around Can you feel me now? [Chorus 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA (Bobby Digital) f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Bobby Digital in Digital Bullet Song: Black Widow Pt. 2 Typed by: DeyCALLmeG@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist thats right, thats right, thats right yeah check this shit out nam sayin this is dedicated to all my hoes nam sayin all my babies mothers nam sayin all my bitches nam sayin let me tell a motherfucker something ya'll motherfuckers want this money bitch you better earn this motherfucking money bitch let me show you something my names dirt dog bitch aint no frontin bitch let me show you something my names dirt dog bitch aint no frontin bitch let me show you something my names dirt dog bitch aint no frontin AAAAAAHHHH!! walking down the street dark, dark, not saw a pretty bitch caught my sight bitch so fine fine as can be bitch you know you belong to me drove over said how you be bitch you know my names dirtdog dirtMC dirt dog i kno what you about bitch get the fuck in the car!! drove her to my house aaaaahhh to my house open the door take off your clothes throw'em on the floor took off my clothes show'em my dick bitch dis something that you'll never forget on the 1st punch started to scream on the 2nd punch started to have a bad dream on the 3rd punch started to cry dirt dog i dont wanna die well shut the fuck up!! pussy aint nuttin but a skin on your bone you can fuck it you can suck you can leave it alone 25 cents is the regular price 50 cents you can fuck it twice 75 cents you can fuck it to the bone and a dollar worth leave it alone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Beretta 9, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Doe Rae Wu (S) Song: Doe Rae Wu (Premix) Typed by: Tha Masta [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Frere Jacques, Frere Jacques Do Rae Wu, Do Rae Wu Digi lematina, Digi lematina Ding dong ding, ding dong ding [RZA] Yo The wick is lit, the bombs start to tick, tick, tick Countdown, BZA Bobby 'bout to spit Explode every MC in a four mile radius Still mad with stout like I'm Doctor Octavius Place to brace, I could push on a rival plate The pulse of a Digi stare, make a spiral break Mouth the rhyme, blow his man outside the orbit Who ever thought this thug hip-hop wasn't goin' corporate And gain weight like Chinese put on eight dragon And 'W' on the Flag and and everybody's braggin' Neightborhood wiggin' out cuz the God's livin' out Without biggin' out, Wu-Tang Clan biggin' out Hollywood political wished off, It is Yourz Ready for the next LP to hit stores I got more serious, my smoke be furious My night time walk should be named to Nigerious It crucified you upside down on a wooden cross Shouldn't have doubted the trojan, threw you in a wooden horse Ol' Dirty break these niggaz off You be bitches dumb soft [Chorus w/ RZA] [Interlude: RZA] BOODOODOODOO!!! Yo, yo, yo [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Who want me to show the reels? I do magic spells Children love shootin' guns on devils kill I want a girl that's only too meak to squeal And Wu-Tang keep that shit concealed Roll with me in the drug mobile Fuck my bitches, take it on the wheel Played it all over the world until Wu-Tang secret now revealed O's is killin' all people for head over heals I'm not a 'ciple with +Little Rascals+ Villians, all attracted to my shit for man silk repellent I'm not the well-in, white boys can't get with melon I'm sayin' Wu-Tang is supreme to my wife and ho bitches on tour To make sure, insure, that my wife got paid while I was ditch poor [Beretta 9] Yeah, check it First of all, most, max, most kill 'em with toast to toast Killa we are in this, all about my business with a Guinness First things first 'fore I begin this, end this Stab you with a fort controlled Finnish In this rappin'game, thought it was sweet? I'm yo' dentist Knock out yo' teeth now watch me sink mine in this Bobby beat dunn, I couldn't write or even think I'm, man the beat, drink, tote weight, bust my shot Back on yo' block, Kinetic, watch how I splash that Wet it, and dash in yo' man, bust my and I'm dyin' for the cause, nigga, don't know death Never feedin' on bullshit I can't digest It's +Duck Seazon+, nigga, best throw on ya vest Kinetic [Outro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Ding dong ding, ding dong ding Ol' Dirty Bastard squashin' shit Comin' at ya.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA/Bobby Digital f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: RZA as Bobby Digital in Stereo Song: Kiss of a Black Widow Typed by: natstefl@caribsurf.com [Ol' Dirty Bastard (RZA)] Let me tell y'all all something motherfuckers (Oh you complaining about that man?) Yeah them motherfuckers belong to us Straight up, tell all ya'll motherfucking hoes Ya'll motherfuckers know what's the fucking time You think we don't love you motherfuckers? Run in to the motherfucking courts with all that bullshit motherfuka I'm letting all ya'll motherfuckers know, I'm getting tired a that shit You motherfucking triple breed motherfuckers Bitches we love you motherfucka Verse 1: RZA (Hoe) Bobby Digi, Bob Digital shit is critical Laid the fuck up inside the hospital It's a riddle of a sphinx bitch had me jinx wid hijinx Cuban linx snatched from my neck It was the sex, This 12 ounce bottle of bex had me drunk One night laid up wit the Ol' Dirt and ten bags of skunk Just met this hoe last month Lookin' like a Benz with a woofer in the trunk I pushed up like a push-up stick One hand up near my cheek the other hand was holdin' my dick I said "Power equal.. Boo!" RZA people I be Bobby D-I-G-I too (Is that right?) Word, and exact  Girl you got a smile that a make a nigga heart crack (For real?) Word to grill like a thousand dollar bill Close your eyes count to three and click you heels And we could end up at my place face to face Butt-naked I'll invade your inner space *Sniff* Straight up boo, Damn I can taste it! One drop of sperm the God wouldn't waste it Over the quilt,  I rather put it inside you so your breast be filled with milk And we could lay up, And I could squeeze until it tilts My house built on stilts is bangin' like the Hilton Look how you feelin' gimme some feeback boo cause I need that (Look Bobby where's the beer and the weed at?) Look girl shit I got more than a little She set me up for the kiss of the black widow Verse 2: O.D.B You couldn't get a flick of the hype outfit Cause the way that I'ma dress this style is mad wild Enough to make a crowd of women scream Oww! Whether at a party or just in bed Or thoughts of Ason bitch keep that in your head My beats are funky my rhymes are spunky Sometimes I say well motherfucka what's the recipe I don't know I ask my ma she don't know Go ask ya poppa.... It's all about me in the place to be Nigga you all that uhhh.... Motherfucka that shit is due it's mad Motherfucking game and it's a God-damn shame How many motherfuckas wanna know this name, Ason Yo I LOCK ON pass the break! Shake and motivate, stimulate [RZA] By this ways that you dying you have in your clutch Fall in love like a drug  Call out into her love flood Fuck her so much dunn you'll only bust blood Caught inside the scud-missle grip like tissue .....Now I'm laid up inside the hospital Bobby Digital's on critical  Cause the testicles is drained Huh huh Nah I ain't doing it right, right? Huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Division, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Birth of a Prince Song We Pop Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Hook: woman] We pop, we brawl, gettin' money til the day we fall We pop, we brawl, gettin' money til the day we fall [RZA] Double barrel shotgun (blaow), pop son I told nigga, just not run I saw him on 205th in Fordham This dog was frozen, so my high heat thawed him (Wu!) I blown ya, you need a blood donor My bitch ghetto, like Florida and Laronia (girl) Laundry mat hoes, who want clothes? I flow checks, one followed by six o's (six o's) I got hoes, in codes, in different areas Four ton whips that's sittin' on interiors The bass shake in the club like it's earthquakin' I cock arm, pass the bomb, like Troy Aikman (Aikman) Play the basement like Bruce Wayne and Dick Grayson You miserable, you get kidnapped by Kathy Bason Thrown to the dungeon, for your spongin' Of Wu Killa Bee, what's your total malfunction? [Chorus: ShaCronz & ODB (Freemurda)] We pop, we brawl, get money til the day we fall (yeah) My glock (my glock), my four (my four) throw shots through your bedroom door (bedroom door) From the P's, to the morgue, cop Louie all the way to my drawers (New York) We pop (pop), we brawl (brawl), get money til the way we fall [ShaCronz] Come on, let's cut the crap, money I've been gettin' this rap money Crack money, stack money, I'm tryin' to get that Shaq money That Mike Tyson, Michael Jordan, Michael Jack' money Five hundred mill' and better, dog, yeah, now that's money Act funny, ya'll make me laugh (haha) Frontin' like you tough, you softer than a baby's ass These lazy ass labels -- fuck you! Pay me cash My crazy path promoted me into a Mercedes class [Freemurda] Yeah.., all ya'll can see is the back of my jersey Blowin' in the wind, goin' back to Jersey Off to Brooklyn, left you back in Jersey I was doin' a buck 90 like a throwback jersey Shame on a Nigga, take it back to Dirty Run, game on a nigga, I'll be back in thirty Seconds, got the world's greatest record And that money I'mma spend it like your greatest record This Division, all the ladies respect it Disrespect it and the eighty'll check it It ain't hard to see how ya'll ignorin' the steel Niggas that I clap, lookin' for me still Til they look like they came out of George Foreman grill Thoughts are stolen on Free, must be on them crills Plus my, team gon' be holdin' like forty mill' Thoughts are rollin' on E., must be on those pills [Hook 2X] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: RZA f/ Crooked I, E-40, Jayo Felony, King Tech, Lady Platinum, Method Man, Ol' Dirty Bastard, W.C Album: We Pop (Remix) 12" Song: We Pop (Remix) Typed by: davidab@cox.net [Intro: RZA (King Tech)] Yo, yo, P. Diddy might run this city But I walk down the block, flash my -- (Yo RZA, hold up, hold up) Yo what's up son? (Yo, we gotta remix this joint) Yo, come on then (Yo, 40, it's on you) [E-40] I gotta tell you, we ain't next to nice, made you nice Don't get your head cracked, don't get your tomato diced I'm the coldest M.C. in the game And I shouldn't have to say it, you squares know my name Pimped with all the slang in the game, that they recite Every time I open mouth, these suckas bite I bust like a Dutch Master, blast you if a have to Somebody call the pastor [Crooked I] We got realest long beats Flows stop, make the beat go --- I'm in the Coup with the seats low Even on the East Coast, I gotta keep my heat close We leaving holes in your cheap clothes My only job is to stop imposters, watch the mobster Cop the Boxster, drop the top and squat Switchin' through lanes, this is the group thing Cause this is Wu-Tang and Horseshoe Gang, what up? [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard (Lady Platinum) {E-40}] We pop, we brawl, get money till the day we fall {please believe it} (We pop, we brawl, gettin' money til the day we fall) {please believe it} [Method Man] Yo, I Bonecrush' ya, like I ain't 'never scared' brother That baby mother's like baby powder and there another M.C. does this cutter, when I cut, I split jugglers When my teeth get yellow, I spit butter By now you know my name, man, who hold the belt, now Plus who hold his self down, all with the same hand Now what's the game plan, let money change hand I'm still champ, and white boys still can't hang [RZA] Yo, P. Diddy, might run this city But I walk down the block, flash my glock on the jiggies An ounce of chronic, crushed up in the ziplock Outside the club, is packed up to the gridlock Dime piece wizes, high heels and the flip flops Real players pop with those cringy wrist watch Big bouncers the size of Sasquath Tuck riff with the rim that'll make your eyes pop [Chorus 2X] [Jayo Felony] Do I have to assassinate them? Man, I leave 'em with no altimatum I ain't hate 'em, I ain't make 'em make mistakes But I'mma break 'em, the cops, could I shake 'em Or will they catch me and charge me On the streets I put something in ya, that'll send you to God Meet my man, we don't have to roll, candy when we ride She love it, when I give her, pull her panties to the side Bullet loco, you might catch me breaking and entering Mama, I had to jump bail right before the sentencing [W.C.] Get it up in 'em, cool, that strip and claimin' the set And quick to Sway the Tech, ya'll straight bang and connect It's the dog, ya'll get it off, on your backpack and blue marker Chronic smoke cougher, I don't shoot walker Dub Sizzle on the remix, the last to speak Now it's all coming together like sweaty gas leaks Fo' sure, a nigga will say, 'yo, it's Dub C' 40, Crooked I, RZA, Method Man and Jayo [Chorus 2X] Artist: Sirens f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Love Hurts 12" Song: Love Hurts (Remix) Typed by Davida.b. [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, I drop the single for yuh, yo, I drop the single for yuh [Karina Brians] I think you see me laugj baby (did you see me cry?) And did you see how hard baby? (How hard I tried?) And still you let me die, I died inside, I died inside (Cuz love hurts baby, cuz love hurts) [Chorus X2: (Sirens) Karina] (WHY) don't you use me? Come on, I want you to abuse me (WHY) don't you hurt me? I'ma get you anytime for [Karina Brians] Did you see me cut my dear (Did you see me bleed?) And did you see my pain and fear (Taking over me) And still, you let us die (I'm dying, why, we've died, and whyyy?) (I guess love hurts baby, guess love hurts [Chorus X2] [Karina Brians] I guess love hurts baby (We've died, and why, we've died, and whyyy?) [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Don't let the new shit shut your ass up and feel the uppercut That'll make you fall to your what? (Kaboom) Droppin the single on the charts Lettin ya know, hey, the kid has heart I never denied myself as being dope But in my last, damn, niggas slept on my notes Thought that I was weak? Huh, let me speak Yo, all you over top (censored), I drop the single for yuh [Chorus (x6) (with ODB's Single line mixed in)] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Slum Village f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Detroit Deli: A Taste of Detroit Song: Dirty Typed by: davidab@cox.net [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo this O.D.B. and Slum Village Detriot wild out! You know how we do [Chorus: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Girl, if you're flexible, intellectual Bisexual, can I get next to you If you're flexible than, we can keep it dirty and sexual If your man front, than we gotta knock the nigga out Smack the nigga up, stomp the nigga out, clap clap the nigga up [T3] She got a man, but her man ain't me I'm a, M-A-C, to P-I-M-P I'mma, show her things, and spend a little cheese, baby Cuz your man ain't doing the right thing lately Yup, so I'm steppin in his house If the nigga step up I'ma knock the nigga out So I'm here with a beer and a glove With some thugs and some chicks with some derry' ass She got a man, it ain't fair, I don't care I ain't scared with my dudes and I come prepared Ladies, lemme see what you workin with Make a nigga stay at home like a punishment I'm trying, to think of us, think of we girl Think about us, and some, and T3 [Elzhi] Yeah, you know how Slum do, when we come through Gum shoe, Air Force is a pair of Air Jordan's Pelle Pel, are old school with gangsta white walls Tailor suits, coordinatin' with the gator boots Before you hate on what we do, it's a D thang You flamin' at a Cappa/Rae offa Alize Where the ladies at, pushin' back you Baby Phat Make it clap like eight gats Stayin' at the Infenium, just use the key You got a man, but what your man gotta do with me He don't want it, nah, he don't know the nigga Roll with Dreadknotts, Cardy boys, and a mil', phat killas Raw CD twelve, but don't mind that And we should hit the telly up, I got the Remy and the dime bag [Hook 4X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Keep it dirty nuh [T3] What, they don't wanna fuck with us They don't wanna feel the pain and get bruised and touched She was down with your team, now she roll with us Brought he girlfriend with her and its all a plus She wanna do what the players do, play how the players play And she don't like how you treated her anyway [Elhzi] Yeah, you said you love, but is it really real Would you break me off first, and let my nigga Phil hit you Picture my Caddy truck, we sexin' in the backseat Or in my room, you bucky naked in my black mink Girl, it's either 'this or that', like it's Black Sheep I know it's on, if you twistin' back my Pistons cap Ignore the phone, if it's your man, let the machine get it Matter fact, turn off the ringer, and let me lean in it [Hook 3X] [Outro: Ol Dirty Bastard] From Detroit all the way to New York, we comes down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sunz Of Man f/ Earth Wind & Fire, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Sunz Of Man (The Last Shall Be First) Song: Shining Star Typed by: hiphoptrading@hotmail.com Shining Star! Intro : Ol' Dirty Bastard Yeah, knah I'm sayin'?  This is what you call making history right here The Fifth Element Earth, Wind, Fire, Sunz Of Man knah i'm sayin'? We got the Wu-Tang Clan in the house, knah i'm sayin'? ODB Yo Wyclef play the guitar man! The earth is approximately covered underwater ? street walks for surfers The sun & moon had attract the power while it's on it's way around the sun Verse 1: Ol' Dirty Bastard I'm the Eddie Kane of the Wu-Tang Osirus with the fire-extinguisher slang Maintain this paradise on this earth With the shut the fuck up style For what this shit is worth Watch a nigga catch a purse Super-hero niggas die Do my dirt, get away and multiply Verse 2: Hey yo entrepeneur wisdom ? who The dark kahlua, the black sire Smack fire out of the liar My heart desire Speak truth and light this fire The clever writer, not lia, never retire The child teacher, mouth speaker, earth seeker, wind blower To the seas I'm like Noah Chorus (2x): Earth Wind & Fire You're my Shining Star, no matter who you are Shining bright to see, no matter who's with me Verse 3:  Uh, hey yo this masterpiece be exclusive and fascinating Street knowledge education Teach the seeds son no procrascinatin' Ghetto learnin' graduatin' Blessed be the ones with patience from the ancient God bless the child that could hold his own Little shorties don't trust a soul it's all globe control Earth Wind & Fire, Sunz Of Man, and Wyclef We connect like unanex and bring the intelect We teach both sex, Brooklyn to Tibet, male or female Who follow footsteps and correct Verse 4: I'm a Shining Star, beam of light from out far Hits like these would burn holes through our resevoir Espionage, let it be known who take charge Come hard with the underground like camouflage Keep it bizarre, mainstream for the young teens Though if it don't be for clearance till 13 Chorus (2x): Earth Wind & Fire You're my Shining Star, no matter who you are Shining bright to see, no matter who's with me Verse 5: Escapin' the ghetto Using the bass tempo or treble In the streets we carry heavy metal Roll with the devil Yo son life is reality, reality is life People livin' trife, the world filled with strife The god's livin' right in this act too many lack Black on black crime No vest, another nigga laid to rest Verse 5: 62nd Assassin It's been a long time The beat's certain Sunz of Man behind deens of wall searchin' The heat is perkin' Earth Wind & Fire burnin' Sensation yearnin' and learnin' situation Wyclef platinum hits Beach nation is what your life could truly be anticipation Chorus (2x): Earth Wind & Fire You're my Shining Star, no matter who you are Shining bright to see, no matter who's with me Verse 6: Ol' Dirty Bastard Yo, yo, yo, yo, when I was young i taught how to produce The science of babies gettin' loose I turn white boys to Springsteins' Bruce Blacks to blues To the Chinese I gave Bruce I can't help it if my style is foggy Words to boogie getcha high on my patio Or come to see me movie Girls your walking on my dirt I'm all in ya hair Or mike your life plane call hurt Verse 6: To all my shining stars From here to L.A. to Mars Growin' up in the ghetto where times is hard No matter who ya are You a child or God Born as a king not a slave for jobs It's much more to life then to drink at bars Large bank accounts and these fancy cars Little King Tut's scheemin' when they lust They get handcuffed for diamiond ring cuts Chorus (repeat till end): Earth Wind & Fire You're my Shining Star, no matter who you are Shining bright to see, no matter who's with me Artist: Tony D f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Homeless CD-S Song: Homeless (Additional Radio Edit) Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Ol' Dirty Bastard ] Yo, Tony D Tony D Can I get some? Tony Deeeee [ Tony D ] Hou-ou-ou-oahhh Help meeeee [ female singer ] Land of the homeless (Land of the homeless) Land of the homeless (Land of the homeless) [ Tony D ] It was late cold night and was walkin down the street Didn't have a place to go, didn't have a place to sleep Just creepin, to the sound of the city God won't you help me, please have pity For a fellow like me that's down on his luck Do you have a dime, can you give me a buck? So I can eat, a little bread or some meat Gimme anything because my body is weak You got a cigarette, blanket, it don't even matter My life goes down as your pockets gettin fatter Just help me to get the pain off my chest Cause a fellow like me is homeless [ Tony D, female singer ] Oh-ouh Land of the homeless [ Ol' Dirty Bastard ] Yeah We're homeless, girllllll Cause we're homeless We have no place to go! [ Tony D ] Where my life is always lonely (Land of the homeless) [ Ol' Dirty Bastard ] Dirt Dog don't got no home All I got is my dog and my bone Homeless, that's what I say It's welfare about every day Autograph I sign, I work for food Gimme a coat! I'm in that mood It's me and my shopping cart! Fuck that shit, I ain't got no heart I'm homeleeeeesssss [ Tony ] You see, I lost control, now my life is goin down Ain't none of those so-called friends around To help me out of the darkness now that I'm homeless People walkin by don't wanna understand this How I'm feelin, the way that I'm livin Every now and then one dollar is given From a lady, a kid, sometimes a man I hate to keep beggin, so I hold out my hand Drop my head to the ground, look down, and frown I'm livin like a bum and I feel like a clown Every day with no love is the way that I exist That's the life of a man who's homeless [ Tony D ] Homeleeee-yeah-aa My sleepless nights [ female singer ] Where I live it's cold at night So I put my clothes real tight Searchin for a healing light That's warming me Now I lay me down to sleep Pray the Lord my soul to keep If I should die before I wake Forgive me God for my mistaaaaaaake [ Tony D, female singer ] Oh-oo-oh Land of the homeless Why society disown me? Wouuu, it's the Land of the homeless The way my life is always goin Hoo-oh-oh [ Ol' Dirty Bastard ] Would you please let me iiiiiinnnn? I have nowhere to go-ooooooo It's cold outsiiiiiide Babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy I was born and raised in a garbage can The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Brooke Valentine f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Chain Letter Song: Blah Blah Blah Typed by: CnoEvil@CHAMBERMUSIK.Com [Intro: Ol' Dirty Bastard] This is Dirt McGirt, B. Valentine Yo, baby, you know one thing That I always be letting you know, in your heart You know when I tell you, I love you And that I care, that I do, darling, come on [Brooke Valentine] (Ol' Dirty Bastard) You come to question me (question me) And bring me on the stairs (uh-huh) I be like everything (everything) And nice as, as I can (why you acting like this for?) You asking 21 questions, you Ask all the same, it's just I don't have the answers you need (uh-heh, uh-heh) So you ask me where I was Then I say I don't remember, though You get mad at me (Yeah!) [Chorus: Brooke Valentine (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Boy, you know I love you Boy, you know I love you, like Lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah (you know I love you girl!) But you're always talking Boy, you're always talk yourself Like blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah (Blah blah blah, why she keep talking to me this way? Ah yeah!) [Brooke Valentine] (Ol' Dirty Bastard) Don't ask me where I've been (Where you going?) Cuz I never tell the truth (never the truth girl) You said you won't get mad If I'm honest with you (why do you wanna leave me?) You asking 21 questions, you Ask all the same, it's just I don't have the answers you need (yeah!) So you ask me where I was Then I shy I don't remember, though (why?) You get mad at me (Talk to me sweetheart!) You know I love you... [Chorus: Brooke Valentine (Ol' Dirty Bastard)] Boy, you know I love you Boy, you know I love you, like (uh!) Lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah (lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah) But you're always talking Boy, you're always talk yourself Like blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah-blah (Blah-blah-blah-blah-blah) [Hook: Brooke Valentine] (Ol' Dirty Bastard) You keep on talking, asking me questions Driving me crazy, I really don't feel like (why?) Lah-lah-lah to me (why you wanna leave me?) You're making me scream, you're making me sick And I just can't handle it, it's blah-blah-blah to me [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, yo, aiyo, hold on, hold on, hold on, B. Hey listen, listen, all I'm asking you, is just one question You say you love me girl, but if you really loved me You wouldn't treat me this way, so where have you been? This is Ol', this is Ol' Dirt Dog, talking to you sweetheart Don't give me a blah-blah-blah, cuz I'm not here for it Just tell me, now you know I'm in love with you And you know you my sexy... so treat me that way, please! Why do you treat me this way... [Chorus 2X: Brooke Valentine w/ Ol' Dirty Bastard] [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Kon the Louis Vuitton Don Song: Keep the Receipt Typed by: ThaMasta@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: ODB (K. West)] OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! {*continues until chorus comes in*} Yo this is Dirt McGirt, I'm chillin' wit Kanye West He's killin' y'all niggaz on the beats He's killin' y'all niggaz on the tracks (Where ya plaques at dog?) The game is officially over! Go kill yaself! [Chorus: ODB (K. West)] Now take that and equipment back to the store We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more Do anybody else make hits anymore? Guess not mothafucka, it's The Roc mothafucka! [Kanye West] Keep the Receipt mothafuckas! Now y'all gon' stop talkin' that shit that you talkin' Your broke-ass mamma couldn't that disolvent Now tell me how the Hell so gon' afford that coffin? Now I done sat back and seen it all too often The backbone of this like Marino to the Dolphins Most hits out the shot since Sosa and Andre Dawson My niggaz had Pro Tools, I had no tools Karaoke machine, fuck it I'm old school Only difference is my tracks drove niggaz postal So I drove costal while they stay local How I can't rhyme when my freestyles'll roast you? Sit down I'll coach you while we style in posters Dog, niggaz had a chance to sign me, dropped the ball I'll see you at the awards.. HUMPH! Now after all that it took I made it to The Roc, I'm guess I ain't as dumb as you look [Chorus x2] [Kanye West] Now.. I showed you how to do this, dog Put a few beats on the tape, I saved this one for myself I heard you nigga's tapes, need a little bit of help But I'm rappin' and I can't do nothin' for ya, man S.G'll hop this, 40 grand if you ain't fam I mean, if you ain't Hov', if you ain't Cam' Damn, I know you say he's killin' hisself He got a little bitty deal now he feelin' hisself Yup, just cuz I played beats and act hospitable Don't mean I can't get you changed to hospital you I'm from a raw family, dog, and I'll spit on you So play like a kid in the garden and get little you Who ya hype man? I'm curious It got you souped up like the cars on The Fast & Furious You goin' through movin' critters, now who's laughin'? The best producer that rap better than the rappers [Chorus x2 - last line by K. West the 2nd time] [Ol' Dirty Bastard (K. West)] Aftermath still makin' them hits, nigga? Lunatics still makin' them hits, nigga? So So Def still makin' them hits, nigga? Bad Boy still makin' them hits, nigga? Wu-Tang still makin' them hits, nigga? Ruff Ryders still makin' them hits, nigga? (Cash Money) still makin' them hits, nigga? Dirt McGirt still makin' them hits, nigga Yo yo the game is over, go kill yaself! Go yaself.. nigga! We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Keep the Receipt (S) Song: Keep the Receipt (Premix) Typed by: Tha Masta, Cno Evil [Intro: ODB (Kanye West)] OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!! Yo, you ever went over someone crib They had every piece of equipment ever made They had MPC 5000, they had 12 keyboards They had a record store in they crib My only question to these niggas, is, um Where your plaques at dog? [Chorus 2X: Ol' Dirty Bastard] Now take that equipment back to the store We don't wanna hear that weak shit no more Do anybody else make hits anymore? Guess not mothafucka, it's The Roc mothafucka! [Kanye West] The backbone of this like Marino to the Dolphins Most hits out the shot since Sosa and Andre Dawson My niggas had Pro Tools, I had no tools Karaoke machine, fuck it I'm old school Only difference is my tracks drove niggas postal So I drove costal while they stay local How I can't rhyme when my freestyles'll roast you? Sit down I'll coach you while we style in posters Dog, niggas had a chance to sign me, dropped the ball I'll see you at the awards.. HUMPH! Now after all that it took I made it to The Roc, I'm guess I ain't as dumb as you look [Chorus 2X] [Kanye West] I need a, straight cheater, straight through Cheetah's Straight to my crib, faster as a cheetah, way she a beater Cheapest thing in my apartment, like Ikea Keep your hands out my freezer, and your paws on my beeper I praise my nigga Loon, like damn, you need it you can keep her Fam, I ain't dealing with these video divas And when I go out to eat, she don't want me to park in a lot So I gotta feed the meter, 'fore I feed the divas She act like she need the reefer like Queen Latifah There go another reason why I need to leave her, look Let me tell you a story of, how I meet Gloria In the corridor of the Waldoff-Astoria She said what she sporting been imported from Armani Emperium Cuz Diesel and BV was boring her Plus, it's been a whole lotta slow singing Sampling, ever since my name started ringing [Chorus 2X] [Kanye West] Now.. I showed you how to do this, dog Put a few beats on the tape, I saved this one for myself I heard you nigga's tapes, need a little bit of help But I'm rappin' and I can't do nothin' for ya, man S.G'll hop this, 40 grand if you ain't fam I mean, if you ain't Hov', if you ain't Cam' Damn, I know you say he's killin' hisself He got a little bitty deal now he feelin' hisself Yup, just cuz I played beats and act hospitable Don't mean I can't get you changed to hospital you I'm from a raw family, dog, and I'll spit on you So play like a kid in the garden and get little you Who ya hype man? I'm curious It got you souped up like the cars on The Fast & Furious You goin' through movin' critters, now who's laughin'? The best producer that rap better than the rappers [Chorus 2X] [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Aftermath still makin' them hits, nigga? Lunatics still makin' them hits, nigga? So So Def still makin' them hits, nigga? Bad Boy still makin' them hits, nigga? Wu-Tang still makin' them hits, nigga? Ruff Ryders still makin' them hits, nigga? Murder Inc. still makin' them hits, nigga? Dirt McGirt still makin' them hits, nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yung Budd f/ Buddha Monk, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Pooh Album: Unreleased Throwbacks, Vol. 2 Song: Gots Like Come on Thru 2005 Typed by: Tha Masta [Intro: Buddha Monk, (Ol' Dirty Bastard) {Yung Budd}] Ahahahaha... minds start to freeze, at ease It's the Wu-Tang Killa Beez Brooklyn Zu, who you roll, Manchuz {and the Hump, nigga} Comin at yo' avenues, 36 Chambers at a theater near ya (To all my muthafucking niggaz in the place to be, a lllllisten to me) We gonna take ya to a new level of hip hop [Chorus: Buddha Monk & Ol' Dirty Bastard] Wu, Gots like come on thru Su, That's the call of the Wu Zu, Gots like come on thru Su, That's the call for the Zu [Hook: Buddha Monk & Ol' Dirty Bastard] If you're from the east coast and you're down with Brooklyn Zu Su, That's the call for your crew If your from the west coast and you're down with Brooklyn Zu Su, that's the call for your crew [Yung Budd] I'm 'bout to introduce y'all niggaz to a sound so amazing (Suuu) That's the call for ya crew My team the Hump, homey And we'll thump on anybody trying to fuck with the Zu or Buddha Monk, homey I'm trying to chill though Cuz I'm in a position where I got got bread, got guns and real hoes Cooch tight, give a mean blow And they'll pop anybody in they shit if they cream on 'em Swift bitch, think not? Meet me at a green light Ya Mazeratti get bodied, pop Talk shit, got the shotty on 'em So put ya hands up 'fore I have to put a body on it The rap chicks I rock, the army want it My hobbies and jeans cause multi-hundreds Can't say I ain't go no swagger Cuz the war god duke, never seemed like no Scooby Doo [Chorus 2 4X: Yung Budd] Punk, act up, get ya ass stomped (Squado) That's the call for the pump [Hook 2 2X: Yung Budd] If ya from East New York and ya down with Hump Squad, throw yo' hands up If ya chilling in the whip with a bitch blowing pif, uh, throw yo' hands up [Pooh] Fuck showing me love and just give me my respect Cuz I'm due for it, dog, I'm one of the best Yeah, I'm young and out of control, slugs hit ya body, and so And pit ya ass six feet in a hole Fuck a chick cuz this money I fold Make the world go round, and hoes go down in the back of the Rove That's what I know, fuck what ya been told My life is a novel, so after this verse, the chapter is closed And I don't trust no nigga, fam Disrespect the team, and watch how quick I cock back, click and BLAM A nigga fresh and clean, and now's spic and spam Ten shots to the face, could shorten ya attention span And I stay with the Hump, niggaz, stay with the pump Brooklyn Zu, part two, paying homage to the Monk [Chorus 2 4X] [Hook 2 2X] [Outro: Yung Budd] It's the illa-illa-illest in the place to be R.I.P. my nigga O.D.B. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Zu Ninjaz f/ Drunken Dragon, Ol' Dirty Bastard Album: Now Justice Song: Specially Trained Ninja Typed by: Tha Masta [sample - repeated in background] Standing.. standing.. standing.. Standing behind you are my specially trained ninja [Intro: K-Blunt] Yeah.. yeah, yeah, yeah, there they go, son Kamikaze assassin.. they got hear it, yo son Let 'em know, son, Dirty Bastard Brooklyn Zu... [K-Blunt] I transform like water, the ninja, verbal manslaughter That enters bloodstreams like poison, throughout the body No remedy to save the, I caught you from Trenton to Kalamazoo (Haha Brooklyn!) Don't stop, powers refined, liftin' two cents to ten times, wastin' no time My wisdom, makes a large impact like 151 in the batch cookin' crack In fact, where I come from I practice deadly and rarely do they show their skills cuz they're scary No way to, counter, flows that found you You asked for this, so holy graduous Shoulda shut ya mouth before you lost ya teeth (to late) Now them shits is, fallin' out ya face Can't wait 'til that sound sign on wax Tell the truth, give a million folks the facts Kamikaze attacks, out the darkness First one with the fire so I spark this K-Blunt, saluted, undisputed as an artist Out the mouth rambler, who's the gambler? [Chorus: Raw] Ninjaz got that ill ass shit Y'all niggaz ain't fuckin with this This is ill as it gets Ninjaz got that bangin' ass shit Y'all niggaz ain't fuckin with this This is ill as it gets [Black Lantern] Rome the streets in my dome, I'm ba-ba-bad to the bone Hard likes tone, take advice, keep ya ass home Ya prepare, ya search but the truth's already there You stare cuz it's never been brought, under the care Of the orderly direct, in fact, you're in correct The outcome is death, sword across ya neck I cause mad wreck and pain from my scorchin' flame Many bodies I claim, militant, from out my name [Drunken Dragon] Now listen here, the majority of these MC's is superficial Your lyrics so ass, ya raps'll rip tissue Nobody's gonna miss you, printed ya last issue Concide it, this is played out, that's why them raps hit you (Yo, I'ma make this..) I don't give a fuck about, what a nigga got If ya bust ya glock, if ya sellin' rocks Boy ya still get dropped, stop before I hurt you Lyrically I make tough MC's turn commercial [Ol' Dirty Bastard] Yo, I'ma make this hit, bump up yo' shit Warfare flick, bitch can't tamper with it Stop fuckin' with the black, kids, keep it on-on down Tell the truth, kill ya lies, still respect yo' sound Ain't no punk, it's just I'll always be around Fuck y'all, nigga, that's how we gets down I make you, shake you, urk you then I break you I'm Ason and then I'm gone, then I take ya ass on for the hip-hop ride, nigga please, step inside, and then ya die [Popa Chief] Popa Chief, hard-headed, black-hearted It don't take much to get a nig like me started Off the top rope, lovely, with this one Put ya head up like a well-trained Pokemon Verbal shogun, we all known the outcome Another hit courtesy of Holy Woly Productions [Raw] Just acknowledge the ways and just how I Gets prayin' like professor, son of a best Take a lesson, angelic ad-libs Mass transit grabs kids then our scripts flip like back-flips Mathematic teachings combine with ninja tactics Cut ya bars, pre-teens get injured with that racket Zu comin' through makin' chumps out you bad kids Colorize, terrorize, computerize, third eye, yo! 