The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: All Souled Out Song: Good Life Some live the good life loungin' by the pool Catching a suntan and everything's cool Male or female, you want to be set In the big mansion drinking Moet You read the Wall Street Journal Later for the comic Far from dumb because you practice logic You lived poor in the ghetto Never had the money easily But, you found the remedy So, you, your girl, and your kids could have a better opportunity And teach them all about unity Cultivating in the brains the words of Allah the master And they go far But, you still go visit your old stomping ground Indeed to help another that's down A tough situation cuts like a knife In search of the good life From the church, the home, on down to the prison People want to know how is he and she living Does he work? Do you wonder if his life will bloom? Is the girl going to have the kid anytime soon? How's the mother? Do they ever go visit the brother? What about the dad? I heard he drinks undercover Some are still shooting up, another on crack Just the other day trooper got sent back What type of life do you lead? Tell me 'Cause you can be anything you want to be Some will strive for the good life in any case The mind is a terrible thing to waste On drugs, violence, and hatred of another color Hear me now, brother All around the world the husband and wife Work night and day in search of the good life The G double O-D L-I-F-E Living in luxury Care free Period No time to waste We catch ours all day We work instead of play I B-U-I-L-D inside me Knowledge and quickly you vacate the city From a paranoid mental delusion Plain and simple I won't cause confusion Yo, that's your fault Stop the somersault 'Cause I put the bad like mo to a halt My destiny I define is heavenly So, Fort Knox, open sesame Light shines and the birds keep singing As I still cling to my positive upbringing With the need to succeed, right? On a natural high The good life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: All Souled Out EP Song: Mecca and the Soul Brother Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ VERSE 1: C.L. Smooth ] Okay, you wanna act trife and flip the script With your Wonderama drama slash coma riff That you're kickin like Pele, flows even Bo knows My versatility capability is simply ????? Y to the o-u-n-g, another G-to the u-n-s Let's back up, shortie, from the naughty like ????? Berry Gordy with a forty gettin papes, oh Lordy Claim you shoot more rounds than an Uzi Stop the violence, cause ya can't do me New York to L.A. say what I play So catch a runaway smooth like a Billie Holiday You couldn't bag me, boy, with a hefty Train like Rocky but still can't step to me So take a hint, money, leave it alone And play like Stephanie Mills and 'find a home' Plus I never boogaloo with Jacub We're mixed with the tricks in a alphabet stew When I design a army I can reign But never have more beef than Saddam Hussein The Night Cap, so prepare for a cascam When I turn your brain into Moogoo Gai-Pan Finger-lickin the papes like there is no other Mecca and the Soul Brother (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth)	--> Heavy D Mecca and the Soul Brother (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth was on stage drinkin Cisco)	--> Heavy D [ VERSE 2: C.L. Smooth ] Schizophrenic, on a panic I do work When you lurk with the professional ceremonial expert The bold swinger, the Asiatic acrobatic  Lovable, sing the blues when I tap it Save the mystery for Agatha Christie Gimme a break, better wake Chief Kanisky I'm not your ordinary modern day clichee Cause I'm here to save you little lost souls anyway Go with the flow with the fleets when it exectues Any comp livin got buried in black suits The limelight, never let it confuse you It's a _Fantasy Island_ without a Tatoo The hardcore few tend to look for It's true, can't buy a knuckle game in the stores Makin movies like your name is Faye Dunaway To hear the rumor echo in the project's hallway You want a fast break, me no static But Mister Whipple can't dribble like Magic I yolk em up in domination, nerds got scrambled The Tony Randall left in shambles Finger-lickin the papes like there is no other Mecca and the Soul Brother (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth)	--> Heavy D Mecca and the Soul Brother (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth was on stage drinkin Cisco)	--> Heavy D [ VERSE 3: C.L. Smooth ] Let me see.. Pete Rock is like salad dressing When I toss another lesson Ready or not, prime time after seven I pull women like a wisdom tooth Without any conversation with Doctor Ruth Makin all the girls wind with the glamity 'When Doves Cry', Apollonia and Vanity Picture the Mary Jane frame on a mantle Consider me a vandal the Virgin can't handle And never clown downtown with ????? Popping that yang riffin "Homie don't play dat" So don't gas the kid to make a movie While I'm smackin a booty who just love to rock a doobie Even though I make petty cash like a beggar With no stash I make ???? sweater So the Night Cap of rappin, no slackin, backin Hand clappin, feet tappin Chief and Captain Could finger-lick the papes like there is no other Mecca and the Soul Brother (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth)	--> Heavy D Mecca and the Soul Brother (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth was on stage drinkin Cisco)	--> Heavy D The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: All Souled Out EP Song: Go With the Flow Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch (Get on up) [ VERSE 1 ] Yo  From the intro  I flow 3 in a row Buildin like a Lego Stacks upon stacks  It attacks the wax Scrub it like Ajax  Relievin as a X-Lax The night cap of rap  Here to make another hit To undercover, smudder  Word to mother Pump it for the playground World renowned Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth is in town I design a logical line A mastermind, so recline  And listen to what's mine I'm untouchable, lovable Some try to imitate, but you can't make a double of  Me, the capital C, capital L, capital S M-double o-t-h - yes  A pro  So you know You gotta go with the flow [ VERSE 2 ] Smooth as ya ever gonna get to hear Crisp and clear  So step to the rear And make room for daddy  Bigger than a Caddy To move a crowd? Hm, gladly It's all done with ease  Past MC's  And all they feel is a breeze The technician  With the first division Like a surgical incision Deeper envision  My flow the naked eye can't stare But only hear  Another poet like Shakespeare C.L. the swinger, ringer, clinger And oh yes, you know, another hum dinger Wreckin any studio, love to make cash  So kick it like judo Big like a sumo Rhymes like a pro So you know  Like a flute I blow And go with the flow [ VERSE 3 ] I rock the microphone  But you probably know to hype the show I gotta go with the flow And take it to another degree  That many people wanna see But above elementary I made lyrical  Any kind of material More than minimal For any individual That I send  To reach the end And just like Clark Gable, it's 'gone with the wind' And take flight  Through the night  Like a meteor, right insight  To shine like a bright light You gotta tip-toe  From the get-go Live in stereo, rhymes gotta flip, so Pete Rock can move your butt  And cut the strut ( *scratching* ) Yeah what? Just like a pro  So you know I'm ready and set  To go with the flow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: All Souled Out Song: The Creator It's time to dip dive dip You might break a hip To the sound that's legit I've come to make a hit I usually bust scratches with my man, C.L. Smooth But, I decided to get wreck on this groove As I provide the slide You're going on a ride I know the weather's nice There's no need to play the outside Guess who's on the flyer The man of your desire Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth all the honey-dips admire Beats are rough and rugged Pete Rock is the creator Now I'm busting raps while switching cross-faders Making sure my sound hits from here to Grenada Honey gave me skins, man, I told her friends I ate her But, wait up I save this subject for later But, it's time to catch wreck with the creator I'm addicted like a stoag Not into vogue (Yo, Pete, there's a girl on the phone) Tell her to hold 'cause I'm busy kickin' rhymes to the rhythm Fortified with soul 'cause that's what I give 'em Honeys form a line form a line 'cause I always seem to capure Beats made of rupture Rhymes made of rapture Far from illiterate Always seem to get a hit If you try to step to this Don't even consider it Skins when I want 'em But, only when I eat 'em To set the record straight, I'll be damned if eat 'em Call me Pete Rock I make the girls flock And if you want a beat like this, I got them in stock So, flow with the flow Because you know I'm good to go As I proceed to get wreck on your stereo Not an imitator Just a crowd motivator But, it's time to get wreck with the creator Now, C.L. Smooth, cut it up like this (scratching) Now, I'm'a take a try And get a piece of the pie If they give me one sec To get some wreck Never filled with anger A good body banger If you try to step to this you'll get hung on my hanger Before I say good-bye Suckers gave a good try But, point blank you just can't see this My word is beneficial Pete Rock is the issue And I know you know my style is official I might give a scratch (Yes, cousin) Or I might kick a verse (No question) Either one, I can't be seen Honeys call me tall and lean And if you want to stick around I'll show you what I mean Not an imitator Just a crowd motivator But, it's time to get wreck with the creator It's time to get wreck with the creator Get wreck with the creator The creator C.L. Smooth, get busy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: All Souled Out EP Song: All Souled Out Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Pete Rock ] Here we go One time to the head Somethin like this [ VERSE 1: C.L. Smooth ] Make way for the C.L. wrath on phonograph Knowin the half, cosy like a bubblebath Never said to be strange when I break and rearrange A weak sap that's small as chump change In the pocanos playin dominos Foes who rose caught a broken nose 'Who's the Boss?' Not Tony Danza ??? Lorne Greene on 'Bonanza' 'Unforgettable' as Nat King Cole Rough like a rodeo, hangin like a scarecrow I get busynism, pump the realism And just for the teacher or tutor I quiz em Bonafied to eat you like Frito Lays You can't faze and roll like the craze Cultivate the mind, train it to teach To write a book like Edward ??Shaw Keats?? Motivate the crowd aloud to get a response Catch the mood of ambiance No Ringling Brothers, Barnum & Bailey ???, played like a damn ukulele Ahead of the class, so I break ya like glass Have ya open like a surgery bypass Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth without a doubt That's why we're all souled out [ Pete Rock ] Yeah (8X) [ VERSE 2: C.L. Smooth ] C.L.'ll get wreck in a millimeter sec Kirk out, all hands on deck Pick up the pen again, perp like ??Sanchor?? We're goin Warp Speed, raise the anchor Rock a party so fly it's a sin You bang on the door but you can't come in So get a ???? like ??Rolo?? tomorrow And if he turn snake just cut him like an avocado Share the bread and wine like the Passover Better luck than a four-leaf clover C.L. Smooth'll kick a groove to a nation Start from Genesis, end at Revelations The tune immune and tap the fannies Of Miss America and pick flavor panties The man no type of woman avoids Grab a microphone, blow it up like steroids Enticin like lingerie Had to lay Connie May just the other day Explore like Magellan, shake like a gelatine Can't be a felon, more seeds than a watermelon When I raise like cattle for the battle C.L. is prime time, go buy a raffle A ticket when I kick it, clever like an ???? Masses and classes crisp and clear I rock em, sock em ???? Pete Rock around the clock catchin wreck on the block Playin more vocals than a Milli Vanilli Shoot the gift with a spliff, but cousin, pass the philly And let me get Brand Nubian, cold shake your booty and Large like a ????? Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth without a doubt That's why we're all souled out [ VERSE 3: C.L. Smooth ] Smooth like Fabian, hot as the Arabian Some will try but can't solve the equation Take em down to the city where the boys act illy And the girls look pretty like a philly Rock the nurses, a quick couple of verses No one curses, a king being the merciless Read the resume first and I bet em Paralyzin, hard to trace like venom ????? diluted ????? strictly be chillin To play a better show on screen than Jack Nicholson Ed Lovett International cuts my hair A pioneer run fear here to Delaware I got a 'Monie in the middle' for a playmate A Spinderella/Salt-n-Pepa lover that's great The unchained melody, sing it like Sarah Vaughn Your ass is grass cause I can mow the lawn Not a tricky-dickey lover that's picky But hard nitty-gritty when things get sticky I wanna hold a hump back like a whale But you're frail and don't weigh much on a scale The Tango & Cash, dynamic duo Figure the one done so you know Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth without a doubt That's why we're all souled out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: All Souled Out Song: Good Life Some live the good life loungin' by the pool Catching a suntan and everything's cool Male or female, you want to be set In the big mansion drinking Moet You read the Wall Street Journal Later for the comic Far from dumb because you practice logic You lived poor in the ghetto Never had the money easily But, you found the remedy So, you, your girl, and your kids could have a better opportunity And teach them all about unity Cultivating in the brains the words of Allah the master And they go far But, you still go visit your old stomping ground Indeed to help another that's down A tough situation cuts like a knife In search of the good life From the church, the home, on down to the prison People want to know how is he and she living Does he work? Do you wonder if his life will bloom? Is the girl going to have the kid anytime soon? How's the mother? Do they ever go visit the brother? What about the dad? I heard he drinks undercover Some are still shooting up, another on crack Just the other day trooper got sent back What type of life do you lead? Tell me 'Cause you can be anything you want to be Some will strive for the good life in any case The mind is a terrible thing to waste On drugs, violence, and hatred of another color Hear me now, brother All around the world the husband and wife Work night and day in search of the good life The G double O-D L-I-F-E Living in luxury Care free Period No time to waste We catch ours all day We work instead of play I B-U-I-L-D inside me Knowledge and quickly you vacate the city From a paranoid mental delusion Plain and simple I won't cause confusion Yo, that's your fault Stop the somersault 'Cause I put the bad like mo to a halt My destiny I define is heavenly So, Fort Knox, open sesame Light shines and the birds keep singing As I still cling to my positive upbringing With the need to succeed, right? On a natural high The good life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Return of the Mecca To know the truth is to know the self To know the self is to know the Mecca Mecca's not a state of mind or a place Mecca is a way of life It is the answer to all confusion The attribute, I'd die for [or Adolfo] Abdullah, Mohammed Makes way for the return of the Mecca Salaam Return of the Mecca (whispered 8x) Be sure to export the hardcore that came before Columbus Discover no other serve the soul on a dish Okay means official, kid, not decrepit Though the lyrical dynamo set the flow when I do so Entice the price with the mic device Hit ya slice so precise that you never hurt twice Fierce how I pierce when you near the frontier A world premiere so put the armor on your gear The overlord aboard with the two-edged sword Adored and restored, now the young gun toward Preserve the herb, never kick it to the curb Vocalize a verb, and the return of the word Mecca, the reincarnated selector From the whole agenda, something to remember A richer voice than Robin Leach I'll reach with a speech, no bleach so you can't impeach Monumentally smooth, I'll prove it sincerely To barely when you're near me clearly never sound weary Maintain the gravity, assault and battery So sweet the repeat you're bound to catch a cavity My ability to wreck a facility C.L.'s potential, smooth n' sequential Deep in every measure, hit the lotto for the beggar The midnight wrecker, return of the Mecca Return of the Mecca (whispered) Uh, understand the Mecca in command Part of the plan is the man who built the land He began A scripture ripped out the piece of a scroll Better the know, yes, a foretold, the beautiful and bold Start 'em in Harlem with the motto, the Apollo Boogie to me, I'll swallow hollow when you follow Stable like a turntable, lyrics I cradle No fable, label, or one, my tongue around your navel You're comin' to me so therefore the program's Mecca The silhouette, a weirder fella, darker than vanilla Talkin' about the theoretical, isometrical Alphabetical, rebel, a dissect-the-devil Unveil a tale in detail, the third rail Read it in braille, a bigger male leave a trail Now I sink you to the link, that'll make you think You's too large to shrink, I need a drink And toast to emperor, Mecca said to invent To know of a child, work your wiles so surrender And never to be lobotomized, the flexin' of the stanza But you know the answer when I drop a proper grammar Tabasco, the Late Show, flow to make a peso I manage to do damage so, honey, get Macco Risen from the prison, the division, Black and Decker Strictly for your pleasure, return of the Mecca Return of the Mecca (whispered) Ladies say "ah!," brothers say "oh!" Oh, "D" off the black Baryshnikov,  Takin' it up north, back and forth, never been soft Bound to see me swollen like a Beethoven Listen, wide open, never tokin', "do or die," my slogan Save the sarcasm, I'll hit you like a orgasm Back off of that and maybe later let you pat 'em Necessary for any adversary to worry The legendary, primary, never secondary Dip in Peru, overdue in Honolulu Now'd if you knew the preview, could bubble like shampoo Outclass the mass so we'll look in the hourglass No time to waste for those in contrast Like the New York Philharmonic, sent to blow melodic With the logic I hear like a narcotic Put your best to rest, so get your bulletproof vest I got the wild, wild west to your chest You know the cause of death, so forget the autopsy Another got sloppy so I lit it in poppy Smooth as Peabo, but don't like Lelo For the grand finale I slip on like a Bally C.L. and P.R., categorizin' we are The soul brother, Mecca lover, funky by far The classic fantastic, rip it like elastic Here to get drastic, return of the Mecca The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: For Pete's Sake Here come's the rugged one, plus the way I flip it I collect the loot and then I knock the boots A smooth dark lover, prefer to be called the chocolate lover Cuz I can do wonders under cover I'm dip-dip-dope, I rhyme like riz-ope I cleanse like soap, 'cause it's the great black hope Stay away from the penile, I can rock the senile Hons alway wave 'cause slick like bunile Pete Rock on the boot knock, on the boot knock Plus the way that I flow...blood clot Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, yeah... So funky, like a street junky Like I said before, we go, c'mon... For Pete's sake I break and update, wait, I radiate The dub played to navigate the tune I make I fit like a slipper, so catch the Big Dipper Vital signs are quicker, not the flat line picture Showtime original, official with the smooth criminal I hit the cliches on the subliminal With the soul technician to fill the prescription In addition listen close to the mission The P.E.T.E.R.O.C.K., resume With the route to Brut by Faberge No doubt, to shout about a 20-bar segment Off spring the lyrics when the microphone's pregnant Give it a rubdown, now here's the sermon Everywhere you go you hear Mecca from the Vernon Pound for pound, uptown, I get down And bound to spin the record like a merry-go-round The cut don't flow that I touch is not a preemie And who would ever see me when I dream of Jeanie I don't think so, peace, I gotta go And shake like an earthquake, cousin, for Pete's sake To my man... Here come's the rugged one, plus the way I flip it I collect the loot and then I knock the boots A smooth dark lover, prefer to be called the chocolate lover 'Cause I can do wonders under cover I'm dip-dip-dope, I rhyme like riz-ope I cleanse like soap, 'cause it's the great black hope Stay away from the penile, I can rock the senile Hons alway wave 'cause I'm slick like lunile Pete Rock on the boot knock, on the boot knock Plus the way that I flow...blood clot Yo, my style's cock-diesel and I can do the hustle Niggaz know the time, I don't have to flex a muscle I'm not the type to fake it, I wouldn't try to take it Tie your girl to the back of my Jeep butt-naked Slide her monkey ass down the hill So if you don't want beef, money, chill for Pete's sake To my man... Music please... (C.L.) The Mecca's sweet like nectar, maybe 'cause you need it There's a ribbon in the sky, but I wonder if you see it In the days of thunder, notice how I simplex in the proper context Here steps the one, the answer to the riddle Survey says the black press can make you wiggle The staff to the craft, the stroke of a pena Pefect stranger, melody arranger Loopholes are filled when I build with the skill Liquid steels the mic on the Rock's chill No financial aid wade when I'm paid Deep as the Everglade, the escapade a renagade Study in the archives, place your bet, sonny Head crack back to back for the bail money For you, a chapter, slayed by the author Lickin' on your daughter, say, south of the border Now, here we are with the funky repertoire  Draw warm like a spa, star, forget all the hoopla C.L. Smooth and Pete Rock Could break and penetrate, piece of cake, cousin, for Pete's sake To my man... For Pete's Sake, c'mon... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Ghettos of the Mind Ghetto of the Mind... I catch a body at a party, sort of herbal with the verbal Look above and see the vultures fly around in a circle Baggin' while you're lollygaggin', raggin', tow-taggin' Assassin with the millimeter roars of a dragon Here stood the black hood, thirsty for the end And for the love of money, kind of funny, new friends Public housing, a thousand in a tent So I'm forced to sell hell just to pay the rent Killin' my own people, I put 'em out of order Just like the liquor store scene on every corner I'm tryin' but the kids keep cryin', and the bullets keep flyin'  Look, a boy, he's on the curb just dyin' Finally the cops come dumb to the slum Pull out a gun and arrest the wrong one Wax all the Puerto Ricans and blacks So they can never relax I dwell, might as well learn the facts Pete Rock and C.L. can radio a shack up Sparkin' off and have 'em all callin' for backup "Watch another crime and you're gonna do time" All this you'll find in the ghettos of the mind Ain't that somethin'?... Listen to cats and rough rats war under the window When the ghetto forts flarey, never was a Tom and Jerry Livin' ain't cheap, my survival is deep In this part of town where the city never sleep A Barney Miller roller, you can bet the car's stolen Or static with your BM, only when you see them Speakin' on your baby's mom, a best for the drama Always tryin' to make a movie, little stark-ravin' looney Stressin' it, but you know the ghetto keep ya busy A place that when I die it would never even miss me Crack phials in the aisles as one pimp smiles Dope piles workin' hookers by the miles But still my pop's got three jobs to stable A family household and food on the table So as we pray for all our souls to keep Somebody's on the project roof, ready to leap I want to stop the pain or the bad situation But backwards wisdom I can't afford to give 'em Self savior is much braver with the conscious behavior Designed in the ghettos of the mind Ain't that somethin'? C'mon... It's like that y'all... I could never look forward to an early retirement But still I maintain in a hostile environment Hustlin' the concrete jungle for loot My parents hated blood money so they gave me the boot Take a risk 'cause the peer pressure has the edge It was a blessin' when I saw my life dangle on the ledge The streets coulda swallowed me whole But the pain was all gone when I got to see my healthy son born And now I bring him home to the ghetto,  Only to make a stronger fellow Maybe do some good for the neighborhood It's hard playing hero livin' less than a zero Raging Bull like DeNiro, the modern day pharoah A concentration camp with the Section 8 Welfare checks given at a monthly rate Apply for the get high, or just plain lazy Many steady collect right around the fifth baby The hawk is out but the niggaz never pack it A hundred dollar sneakers with the skimpy-ass jacket When people are deaf, dumb, and blind they get left behind Imagine in the ghettos of the mind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Lots of Lovin Lots of lovin, lots of lovin... A sweet serenade, sip lemonade As we laid inside the shade My heart was captured when you possessed it Carressed and blessed it, even suggested You love me and I love And together, it would just be us two I would protect ya, in your moment of fear Relax, lover come here And let's create this heavenly fantasy When you lay next to me I need you, and only you, to give me more Tender love right down to the core If you could read what's on my mind You will find my feelings are genuine Day after day, you're the one I'm thinking of With lots of love Lots of lovin, lots of lovin...the heat Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice Make love everyday, okay, produce I ride through the tunnel of love, share a milkshake Carve our name in a tree by the lake Look in your eyes 'cause I miss you much The way you say, "I love you, C.L." and your gentle touch We reminisce with a french kiss And out of all the girls, you're the first on my list The only one now, and truly for life My fiance and future wife Now you realize, you're the one I'm thinking of With lots of love Lots of lovin, lots of lovin...the heat You want to be treated like a queen, stroked like a kitten Every night you're the mitten I'm fittin' Tease your lips with the tip of my tongue And there's no doubt about it, lady, I'm strung On your love, looks, and affection You qualify, top choice selection Woman of a darker breed Mmm, cutie, you got what I need Pour the champagne and toast the glass Taste, but don't drink too fast 'Cause we got many nights to cuddle by the fireplace You blush when I touch your face Now you realize you're the one I'm thinking of With lots of love Lots of lovin, lots of lovin...the heat Allah made you beautiful and youthful So I feel giving you love is suitable A walk by the beach, watch the sunset Love is strong, like when we first met Wake up in the morning, see your face And I feel noone can take your place Ever, so don't even think about it I need your love and I can't live without it Baby, you're the one I'm thinking of From C.L. Smooth, with lots of love Lots of lovin, lots of lovin...the heat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Act Like You Know Here comes the hurricane, C.L. same name Cut by the grain when I land upon the plain Jah knew the Hebrew, a Papa Duke need you But none of the fam who saw had a clue Escalate the prime rate, words coagulate Generate the mind's state, never can deflate Nigger, you jigaboo, it doesn't have to be you Funny like a cartoon, Pepe Le Pew Pimp are the lyrical, g-string the individual But the metaphysical isn't spriritual Straight from the heart I frame the art Tune up my class, real fast, very smart Dictate the technique, wait a minute, I speak Loved by my son and a kiss on the cheek Stutter-step the concept, blueprint, or pro Steady as we go so act like you know I stand by the rabbi, sail in Shanghai Always had an alibi even if I lie Crucial, never neutral, bare the fruitful Past time, another rhyme, skedaddle, Yankee Doodle Light skin in lovely gyp, just for the honey dip Here to make a megahit fit Don't install the pipe dream, renaissance regime When you run ragged I pick up the steam Chart on the record book, what Corey Love took the hook Here's a new book to civilize a crook Purest of the pedigree, feed 'em a line C.L., no Jezebel, can never sleep well Thick like a dred, at the Club Med The Mecca Don said, a fish out of water is dead Pete Rock, the soul brother, cruise on a flow Swing low and yell "Geronimo!", act like you know C.L. can play like Nike, come on just do it Pacify the Gemini, soul into it Beat to my feet is a lock like concrete Hard for the street, decipher never incomplete A clean editorial, rather historical Affordable, recordable, nifty like a portable Mecca is the syndrome, when I come back home Boogie on a baritone, listen on a phone Libra, the achiever, toke a reefer C.L. the girl pleaser, like Ebanezer So here is the good sign, I incline Titties with the bitties when I wine and dine Worn like corduroy, comes the bad boy But just like Anita Pita, I bring ya joy "Agoobilonians" with your knowledge And take as said so, act like you know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Straighten it Out Uh, yeah. Uh-huh. We got Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth And we're here to tell you to... And that's a fact, baby Now you're gonna kick some lyrics Like this, c'mon... Walk the fine, short line, and put the needle to the grind Representin' one kind, seeing eye for the blind Witness what I carry on bears a further purpose From how we do slam a few, then you want to purchase A dialogue of funk, you love to pop it in your trunk I win, more disciplined than a Show-lin monk Pete Rock and C.L., well set to spark it The powerful target to destroy the black market But when you say black, listen, I don't know, you lose me I guess another beggar can afford to be choosey I come to the maximum, artist on a major label Any duplication of this one is fatal On one to five, I gotta hit ya live Beat your ass with my tape, any race or shape Cuz if they got mine, they got yours too But together here's what we gotta do Tell 'em...straighten it out Ah, yeah...straighten it out You know this is the word (say what?)...straighten it out That's right y'all...straighten it out (say what?) You got to...straighten it out Everybody must...straighten it out (say what?) Straighten it out...yeah Straighten it out...it's like that (say what?) The funk legacy I pass on, clearancy for high rates Every time we sample all the past time greats Stick it in the SP-1200 beat, I make a loop Lovely, where the Troop in a Lexus coupe Just a little bit, set to make a whole lot happen The musical inside my rappin' Written by the C.L., produced by the P.R. And add in any credit that you heard thus far I start from scratch, cuz the bass line's critical Better than the original who first made it But now you want to sue me, but fans never boo me Believe I know the times, we been broke, too, G Here's another sample clear, seeya, get the hell outta here Like a bootleg, you're over for the year You'll only get the credit where the credit is due So, listen, what I shout out is true Yeah, true...straighten it out You gots to tell 'em to...straighten it out (Say what?)...straighten it out You got to tell 'em to...straighten it out (Say what?)...straighten it out That's right...straighten it out C'mon (say what?)...straighten it out That's right...straighten it out Straighten it out (say what?) Like the strands of lamb's wool, I'm thinkin' that's said Here to go to the head and count the locks on a dred I and I'd 'mit to verify, goin' to multiply A theory many thought a conspiracy Here to let you know that it applies to all of us You're no exceptions to the rule and that's a plus Cuz who Jah bless, let noone curse Straighten out what I be about, reckon above the clout And let the management work for me Because I don't need the unnecessary hostility A proper marketing plan so we can gobble up the dough Straighten it out, so everybody know The kids are official with the purpose of a smooth surface Kickin' the service one time to make 'em nervous We're finally here and very long overdue Pete Rock, this one's for the crew You gotta...straighten it out Everybody must...straighten it out (say what?) You gotta...straighten it out Everybody must...straighten it out (say what?) Straighten it out...you got to Straighten it out...c'mon (say what?) Straighten it out All black people must...straighten it out Say what? Straighten it out Everybody must...straighten it out The YG's, they must...straighten it out The Hilltop, they must...straighten it out The whole money-earnin' must...straighten it out Everybody must...straighten it out Come on...straighten it out Ah, yeah...straighten it out (to close) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Soul Brother #1 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "He's a SWEET soul brother" [Pete Rock] Soul Brother #1, here I come on the new tip Nestle coated right, cause I'm rich thick and chocolate Plug up any mic I'll bet you Pete Rock'll spark it Hons always ask what's the bulge in my pocket I tell em, "Papes," I rock them top to bottom Never hesitate to say ("Mmm I got them") Oppressed on the Hillside, over on the chill-side of town, so let's get down Funky is the word describe this Brother on a Soul mission Hookin rugged joints, more Soul than the Soul Kitchen CL doesn't scratch, so I won't leave you itchin White people even say, "Pete Rock is bitchin" Harder than the hardest, odder than the oddest I guess that's just because I'm smarter than the smartest So back up, clear the path hon cause here I come Soul Brother #1 I hit harder than a kick, quick to scoop a chick When it comes to skinz, Pete Rock got it thick I'm not your average, everyday, one-two to the beat and don't stop, bust the shit I drop New style for the 90's Pete Rock's a trendsetter I'd just be lyin if I said there's someone better You can ask Greta, Greta with the red Jetta Honey did me lovely and I'm glad that I met her I come style after style, sucker MC's try to swallow But them seem to say my style's too hard to follow So just raise your hand and give praise to the #1 Soul Brother, who keeps the crowd in a daze Pete Rock, and CL Smooth and if it ain't our groove then you might not move Remember, cause there's no need to worry none Yo, Soul Brother #1 * Pete Rock cuts and scratches * Soul Brother #1 Nuff respect to my man Grand Puba Nuff respect to my man BizMarkie Nuff respect to my man CL Smooth Nuff respect to EPMD I'm like high octane, with everything to gain Those who try to step to this can catch pain I keep a mag in the trunk of my Jag, in case some punk fag wants to catch one bad Soul Brother #1, and I didn't come to riff The finesse I posess will make the hardest unstiff I'm full of motivation handle any situation Hon said I'm so smooth they should call me lubrication Mr. Splendor, a good back bender Honies always say, Pete love me tender Call on Pete Rock, CL Smooth if you want the job done Soul Brother #1 .. "He's a SWEET soul brother" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & CL Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Wig Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Yeah.. uh-huh.. *echoes* It's called the Wig Out *echoes* It's called the Wig Out *echoes* *whispering*  It's called the Wig Out *echoes* It's called the Wig it's called the Wig it's called the Wig Out It's called the Wig Out *echoes* It's called the Wig Out *echoes* It's called the Wig it's called the Wig it's called the Wig Out [CL Smooth] Circulate us in the vein, set to ride the cracks on your brain Like a novacaine, I train to easy any pain (word?) Yeah, get your wig loose, I relieve tension The path to my lesson is the highway to heaven (ahh yeah) Plus, what a rush, catch another one flushed (uh-huh) Now you got a crush, makin dames wanna blush (yeah) I stomp out your campfire; liar, retire (uh) Cause none of these homefries here is Oreida (yeah) The Wiggy-Wig get the big bread; known to break em like a twig (whoo!) Gimme beef cause I don't eat pig (uh) Who runs the joint with the flavors in the Vernon? (uh-huh) Got _One Life to Live_, _As the World Keeps Turning_ (yeah) More, take a draw, then react to contact (uh) A buzz from my cuz I back as a fact (yeah) Just like the reverand, I make you wanna jump and shout (say what?) CL Smooth got the Wig Out.. [Pete Rock] It's the Wig Out, uhh It's the Wig.. It's definitely the Wig Wig Out! C'mon, ahh yeah Come on.. yeah.. [CL Smooth] With the pace of a racehorse, I cover like lipgloss Roll with force to get you wigged of course (uh-huh) The honey-coated brown eyes wise to the franchise Notice other guys, never twist his size (uhhh, uhhh) Bigger than life, I hit the wife undercover You discover when my dog ate the drawers off the mother (uh-huh) Called her Greedy Gretchen, my pet came fetchin And shot Old Yeller with the big Smith and Wessun (whoo!) CL and double-X-L ring a bell Supplied by the inside, never been a shell Rowdy, but thoughts got cloudy, you choked in a puff of smoke, mics were lit, and then broke (yeah) Back and forth like a game of Ping-Pong (what?) I get the cypher going like Cheech and Chong (yeah) And glide through your system, on a funk rhythm (uh-huh) Honey don't pout, CL got the Wig Out.. [Pete Rock] Like I said.. It's the Wig.. to make your head go.. AOOWWWWWW! Yeah.. it's like that.. [CL Smooth] CL, the A+, while you wear a F like a freebie With your nine lives this arrives, here kitty-kitty No more to savor cause I'm here to kick flavor The most common denominator, said none graver Sufferin succotash, a blunt for the cash Whiplash, FloJo in a forty yard dash (uh) Solid like a ?, never fall like Rome A notch for your crotch so honey heat it I'm home (uh) My baby's a lovechild, say whassup to ya (uh-huh) Like Dr. Welby, I keep the boy healthy (yeah) Pete knowledge me, flip it over and it's sweet Entwined when I mentally design verse three (uh) Appears so real when the Soul Brother sun (yeah) If you rate it on a chart, it would be number one (uh-huh) Spread it like sauerkraut, the main event doubt You wind up in a rout, CL got the Wig Out.. [Pete Rock] CL got the Wig.. come on CL got the Wig Out.. yeah Shit is funky.. Yeah.. uh-huh.. That's fresh.. C'mon! Ah yeah, uh-huh, that's how we're livin for the nineties Yes! Yes cousin Gettin busy, uh-huh Yeah.. It's the Wig Out! Wig Out! Uh, the Wig Out! The Wig Out.. *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & CL Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Anger in the Nation Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "You know, nowadays it.. seems like there's a lot of..  bad things going on and.. I guess a lot of it..  from the way I see it.. seems to still stem from..  lack of feelings on our parts, it's..   and how we relate or communicate with our..  fellow brothers and sisters" 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" [CL Smooth] South Africa, what does it mean? To burst the scene, or conquer like a philistene War or peace, which one do you prefer? Pass me my M-16 for the disaster A reason for the treason in a jet black season.. .. for peace, justice, and freedom for the Original Man, architect of the Motherland Kings to Queens, is the Asiatic Black plan Pre-Adam-ite, first to see the light Way before Adam and Eve took flight Bless the seed of Abraham, I came to jam Protest the teachings of another man Uncle Tom stay loyal so they boil I'm the alchemist with the twist from the true soil My blood brother Adolpho on the side of me My vision ain't blurry, so don't even lie to me The rebirth the revival of our culture survival to elevate, the black man is vital You gotta realize now what we're facing The floors I'm pacing from the anger in the nation 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" [CL Smooth] Here's the situation from a darker view Night and day, salt and pepper in the earthly stew But the salt think it taste better, straight up superior Therefore, the flavor of the pepper's inferior Incorrect though, giving some heartburn Level of a devil better wait your turn And here is one recollection of imperfection No one should be judged by complexion Lie-braries; broken down as lies buried to force their beliefs to pilgrims all hurried Television; tell-a-lie-vision A schism; negative realism Four-hundred-and-thirty-five years til weak mental deaf dumb and blindness put us to sleep Out of the dark comes light so the first can't be So Armaggedeon comes like a thief in the night Rednecks flex to my context but in the projects some won't survive the next confrontation and I'm aware of segregation Pump your black fist for the anger in the nation 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" * various other scratches by Pete Rock for a few bars * [CL Smooth] Some walk slow, cause the water's not shallow Let my people go, you little Pharoah Listen how they word it, be observant Then house negro; today, civil servant I want to drop the bomb but remain calm Strong like the power of the Fruits of Islam Black is beautiful, hot like fire Guess how many times they thought they killed the Messiah Malcolm X, Dr. King, let's sing All around the world let freedom ring Reality is real, so how do you feel from being kings on a throne to picking cotton in a field? Your slavery is lack of identity One of the things that's not making you a friend of mine What's your cause - aim, rationale? Cause I made up my mind, I never scrape or bow But teach my own, the sound of black unity Together we can rise and now's the opportunity The Tuskegee Experiment, indeed it was big when they used the black man as a guinea pig Animalism, pumped on a lower level But can only be the works of the devil And I'm telling you now the frustration The future's facing from the anger in the nation 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" 	"Let's get together!" * cut n scratch 3X * 	"Let's get together.. and raise" * Pete Rock flips "Let's get together" to the end * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: They Reminisce Over You (T.R.O.Y) Intro: (I reminisce, I reminisce) x3 I reminisce, I reminisce Uh! (I reminisce, I reminisce) Yeah (I reminisce, I reminisce) (I reminisce, I reminisce) (I reminisce, I reminisce) Verse One: [CL] I reminisce for a spell, or shall I say think back 22 years ago to keep it on track The birth of a child on the 8th of October A toast but my granddaddy came sober Countin all the fingers and the toes Now I suppose, you hope the little black boy grows, huh 18 years younger than my mama But I really got beatings cause the girl loved drama In single parenthood there I stood By the time she was 21, had another one This one's a girl, let's name her Pam Same father as the first but you don't give a damn Irresponsible, plain not thinking Papa said chill but the brother keep winking Still he won't down you or tear out your hide On your side while the baby maker slide But mama got wise to the game The youngest of five kids, hon here it is After 10 years without no spouse Momma's gettin married in the house Listen, positive over negative for the women and master Mother Queen's risin a chapter Deja vu, tell you what I'm gonna do When they reminisce over you, my God [Pete Rock] My God It's so... Yeah, so lovely That's how we like to do it in the 90's Pete Rock & CL Smooth comin' atcha... Verse Two: [CL] When I date back I recall a man off the family tree My right hand Poppa Doc I see Took me from a boy to a man so I always had a father When my biological didn't bother Taking care of this so who am I to bicker Not a bad ticker but I'm clocking pop's liver But you can never say that his life is through 5 kids at 21 believe he got a right too Here we go while I check the scene With the Portugese lover at the age of 14 The same age, front page, no fuss But I bet you all your dough, they live longer than us Never been senile, that's where you're wrong But give the man a taste and he's gone Noddin off, sleep to a jazz tune I can hear his head banging on the wall in the next room I get the pillow and hope I don't wake him For this man do cuss, hear it all in verbatim Telling me how to raise my boy unless he's taking over I said pop maybe when you're older We laughed all night about the hookers at the party My old man standing yelling good God, almighty Use your condom, take sips of the brew When they reminisce over you, for real [Pete Rock] For real, baby Like that We for real Comin' atcha... In '92 Pete Rock & CL Smooth Yeah, c'mon, hit me! Verse Three: [CL] I reminisce so you never forget this The days of wayback, so many bear witness the fitness Take the first letter out of each word in this joint Listen close as I prove my point T to the R-uh-O-Y, how did you and I meet? In front of Big Lou's, fighting in the street But only you saw what took many time to see I dedicate this to you for believing in me Rain or shine, yes in any weather My grandmom Pam holds the family together My Uncle Doc's the greatest better yet the latest If we're talking about a car, Uncle Sterling got the latest I strive to be live 'cause I got no choice And run my own business like my Aunt Joyce So Pete Rock hit me, nuff respect due When they reminisce over you, listen [Pete Rock] Listen, just listen To the funky song as I rock on And that's word is bond I'm not playin Everybody, just coolin This song we dedicate To the one and only Never be another he was my brother Trouble T-Roy It's like that y'all And you don't stop Pete Rock and CL Smooth for '92 And we out, later The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth f/ Grap Lover Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Interlude after T.R.O.Y. * * - this song has no title on the album (Grap) I am the one they call the G, the R, the A, the P and I didn't write this, it's coming off the top of the dome So what you wanna do and whatcha wanna go home And tell your mama that I'm one wit all the mad drama Yes I was causing the movies on 1 East 25th Street I crossover, honey dips knew it was Harlem wheat I was flowing on the place to be Is being the capital rapper, the G-R-A-P In the place to be wit my man Pete Rock and CL Smooth Pass the bust a groove and the people begin to move And get on the dancefloor Got to move the funk you stinking little hores And all the hoods and all the punks and all the suckers Wit this shit I got stupid muthafukas On my dick, what the fuk, I rock the mic so quick Wit Adofo in the place to be And my man Ross is right in back of me Rob O, good to go I've gots the F-L-O-W and that spells flow Wit Chris Champ, oh what's up I'm bout to get amp On top of the mic and I'm a set an exam -ple Girls I pull, I got the honey dip, so what's up, my tank is full Of sperm, I ready to bust a nut What's up Pete Rock, come get on the cut Rock to the beat, get wreck on the regular Listen to me because I cause mass hysteria Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & CL Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: On and On Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] The nightcap was exiled, steadily profiled as the underachievin non-believin can't stand to reason Where's your daddy boy - to categorize the drinker Misunderstood to make the ordeal linger They label me a problem child who can't cope Hangin by a thread, yes a very thin rope Inevitably, can never be the man can I tell ya Visualize and memorize him in a cellar Well tally-ho, pip-pip, my fam's gonna catch a fit My father lookin like he wanna bust my lip But that was never good for my health So I take the shovel out my pocket and dig myself Now when I look at the man in the mirror I see things much more clearer my Lord I'm not that popular, less than a dollar but the ? I pack can make you holla * Pete Rock scratches various "on and on" samples * [CL Smooth] I said, what you don't know could make a whole new world Man.. listen! I'm set to sabotage premonition Your propaganda, crooked type of version Some of the things I bring, you're babblin non-person Imbedded in my character, rebel nostalgia Uncommon valor who'd rather have no man-made religion or sect But try to believe what you conceive may be half correct I shed light, to show the path in sight Cause a man who can't treat you right can't teach you right In front of your eyes, what a surprise, and let the nature rise, just for the girls and the guys A Phi-Slamma-Jamma when you wear a bandanna Peace to Pop Dukes, and long live Nana The formula's reality, Pete Rock's the storm Together, forever, yes G we got it goin on * Pete Rock scratches various "on and on" samples * [CL Smooth] Internal affairs, flippin Hollywood Squares In search of the Mecca many travel in pairs Walked the slave ship, ??the side of ningamora?? to support a short order when I freak it on a corner Five-oh cruisin, decide to pull you over Beefin, "Where's the Coke?" I said, "A six-pack of soda?" The rookie's lookin thirsty, but everything's mental A baseball bat, to smack Shirley in the Temple Agreed to meet the maker so I yelled Hail Mary's And flew that head, to hit The House on the Prairie But the past can never choose my future correctly I found a greater source directly On and on, keep it on, you chant the boppin simonized, pullin you clockwise jammie To quickly skip the minimal tip, I dap for the wise I dip Can anyone see, phenomenally, to the last degree? I capitalize subliminally, wreck for positivity Yes my little chickadee, ready to flow with me Nevertheless I bless, follow me and see Predominantly, CL'll be, All in the Family God bless Marky Black, know we go way back The lyrics I pack is like a needle in the haystack CL and Pete Rock, Smooth like Dom Perignon Never torn, word is bond, we got it goin on * Pete Rock scratches various "on and on" samples to fade * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: It's Like That Prepare yourself to catch a verse from the big purse Rotate the megahertz, where you heard it first The perpendicular, said none similar Quadruple any figure, quick on the trigger Helter skelter, wig out by the goodfella Not Lou Pinella cuz I'm black and mo' betta Bust a phenomenum, we come to get busy Deep in roots, but my name ain't Kizzie Many many march cuz I'm heavy on the starch Never tell a farce when I scale on a arch Jammin' on the radio, brothers say, "way to go" Shape it like Play-Do, soprano at the Chateau My theory periodically flows a odyssey Bigger than modern technology So save all the chit-chat when I kick a format fat It's like that... C.L. is the attribute you salute Cuz I gotta make loot, can't afford to be cute Enter the equilibrium in a medium Breaking your cranium with no ultimatum Drop a psalm like a bomb, never land in your palm And now I'm so cool and calm Pure unadulterated, premeditated Lyrical form, Pete Rock is the storm Sophistication I kick to a nation I rare compilation I call recreation The prognosis, so mackadocious Straight up ferocious for those who can focus Large like the Beatles, ask all my peoples Never make movies, so don't talk sequels So, hon, save the chit-chat when I kick a format fat (it's fat) It's like that... I'm all sold out, no doubt, without a question The blessing your guests in a suprucated session Anyway your honor, heresay the melee Is here for the payday, so A to the K Or should I say Deda, original baby par Smooth like a reservoir, the funky Shang-Ri-La No shame in my game, I'm set to entertain And if it wasn't for the fame, skinz would never know my name So back off a tad bit, that's a bad habit Cuz I write the raw...for sure Now I'm a flip a style and get crazy versatile Never fragile cuz I'm flowin' like the Nile Swing a jewel or a gem, notice how I say them With my approach, smoke a rhyme to a roach A four-season lover, light-skinned and bigger But what I deliver come before the cotton picker So here's to another hit, perfectly legitimate When I hit the skinz, guaranteed to keep the candle lit So save all the chit-chat when I kick a format fat It's like that... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Can't Front on Me Ah, yeah, yes Psychedelic Uh, come on This is what I like It's that Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth stuff Uh huh, yeah Brothers can't understand You know I'm about to drop a funky beat on you Like this... Hit the war drums that vibrate the earth underneath Here my people and I come, gotta wake up the chief Not a pale frail ghost, C.L.'ll wreck the most Cuz the Mecca land never had a Leo Africanos The Sudanian, master of the Mediterranean And if it's lovely I'm the one you're Skypagin' Lower than the Mole Man, R&B, you're silly The only male hardcore crusin' through my city Rise to the supernova, swami like Bola Heavy hitter I consider Ueuker leanin' on my shoulder Measure like a yardstick, thick at arithmetic You add it up and I roast a high pick flick Hit the pitch and then I'm gone as the funk lingers on I don't publicize here to keep the black race torn But steady at an altitude where you get the mental food Not to be rude, here's a fresh pot brewed Oh, what a web we weave when we practice to deceive Sparkin' off a trick up the sleave Pete stocked the bedrock, listen and you'll see And I'm sure you will agree you can't front on me Yo, you can't front It's like that, c'mon, yeah Yes, you know I got to talk You can't front I'm tellin' you now C.L. Smooth and the Rock, c'mon Many consumed what was locked in a tomb That I gradually groomed, coming out now smelling like perfume So take a whiff when I wrap a gift, play ya like a gospel A logical apostle, collosal (whoooweee!) Afro, a cut me like a fade with a Braun Sport a bald head, but never needed Hair Club for Men Drop a SCUD, fully-capable, a form in a eclipse Skips to backflips soon as it leaves my lips Suave know, I can make the funk turn the habit Kick the old 45 and I can boogie on static Welcome to the Brahma Don, pilgrimage to Mecca Don A prayer for the parish, Soucron Affwaun Cuz ain't no misbehavin' when they manage what you're cravin' Put the "Anger in the Nation" on your station Anvils that fills the whole circumference And black people crowd in a mass abundance To hear Gabriel's horn, blow it like a Naiji What's the flavor unit with the top priority? C.L., untouchable with the clip full Impossibly, the posse can't front on me Don't you dare front Don't you dare front Not on me Cuz I'm the man C.L.'s the rhymer Right on time Right on, my brother Come on, kick another verse for me You desire the messiah for the entire empire Total organizer of the earth, wind, and fire C.L. and Pete Rock unlock the hard rock Many want to mock and the honey-dips clock Intercontinental for the residential Never coincidental, rough on a rental Count all the bars numeric Pro-prosthetic if ya let it resurrect the nongeneric The brother on the cover, yes, a rapper not a singer If you recognize him, point with your index finger Shock another flock when I hit the block God or Devil on the set that's level, labeled as a rebel In retrospect I detect those incorrect And reflect the black power project Supreme cuz I chose to never blaspheme Going to the extreme, place it on a very high beam And drop jewels for five thousand fools who stampede Cuz the proper show stopper's what ya need So come and get a taste of the dynamic duo And I'm sure you will agree you can't front on me (Yoooo!) You can't front, boy Cuz we're the skilled fools (skibooze?) We'z are the funk  The hardcore funk We ain't no joke Comin' out to note Ah, yeah With the funk track Sing it, P. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & CL Smooth f/ Heavy D, Rob-O, Grap Lover and Dida Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: The Basement Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Ahh yeahh!! Feel the funk bay-beeee!! That's right, this is called The Basement! And my man CL Smooth kick it for you like this.. [CL Smooth] From the Heights, not what am I write, simple I can do this Like Popeye to Brutus, I'm your host like a stewardess Fly with the neighborhood hi-jackin fella So prepare for landing, and crash into a cellar Bodies in the buddha cloud, misty in the tune Like a show all nights, a figure eight in a lagoon With Pete Rock, the complete lock and beat stop Now all the horny heffers wanna dangle on my *errr!* Down by the dungeon with the cracks on the wall Buffoon I'm like a mink while you're soon to pimp a raccoon stole Vocal arrangement, ready set to hit the pavement But not before the kid leave The Basement [Pete Rock] The Basement, put the Funk in Grand Here comes my man My brother.. Grap Lover, get wreck cousin, c'mon [Grap Lover] Call me the Grap Lover, yes, the younger Soul Brother Keep your eyes on the prize cause you won't find another When the funk is played, the rhyme I display Quick to bust a ditz so don't slip in the way of the kid, with the flavor, the party people saviour Clockin all the honies, eyes sharp like a razor I kick a dance step, you're soon to discover Yo, that's the kid from "Mecca and the Soul Brother" Yeah once in a while I be with CL on the DL or I flow with Pete, and find my placement in The Basement The Basement, yes where the beats and the rhymes flow Peace I gotta go, Grapster's out the door of The Basement [Pete Rock] Of the Basement! Next we got.. a special guest I ain't gonna tell you who it is..  C'mon.. rap along.. [Heavy D] Tick tock tick, things are gettin - thick Here comes the Heavster, and I know it makes ya - sick! To see a black man gettin paid on the regular Car with the cellular, fellas I'm tellin ya I got plots and plans, pots and pans Stocks and grands, so make room for the big man I walk the streets in peace and I'm never strapped But I know a crew of Young Gunz that'll send you back So easy does it on the DL Peace to Pete Rock, and the Mecca Don CL Heavy D's on this track, lettin you know there's no replacement Peace signin off, check one two straight from The Basement [Pete Rock] Straight from The Basement I'm tellin you now, kid It's crazy fat I wonder who this is comin up? Fourth but not least, the backbone of the Wig Out Freestyle, crazy hardcore, no sellout Speakin, upon where I dwell from the dungeon All over the U.S. states, even London Pasttime present, black to the future Swimmin in beats like a Dolphin, so call me Don Shula A Raider well like Art Shell, crazy defense A Pro Bowl with soul for local events The crew name is CL Smooth and Pete Rock Here to sail when I prevail and stare into the dock The Pimp Daddy of the funk flavor, catch you later Clever like a secret agent comin from The Basement That's right, crazy funky Aww my man He's crazy funky, his name is Rob-O, check him out [Rob-O] Ali-kazaam, you'll never guess what I am Motto is that nothin ever changes but haircuts and kicks to stacks of vocal breaks life pays when kid said, "Pete makes beats in The Basement" Cold hit, the pavement, over to the chill side The real side, the 7-7 hillside I thought I'd just chill, take a breath Straight up Columbus Hill, make a left and get fixed, plus the ghetto chicks got flicks of me stacks of kicks, my joint's bumpin lovely Walkin down the street, much props, on the ? I hear voices sayin, "That's Rob-O'Dingo in The Basement" [Pete Rock] Ahh ha ha ha! Hah yeah! This is funky! I can feel it My man from the Vernon, his name is Di-da, make it raw [Dida] Fly like an eagle, a seagull Always into somethin, like Snoopy, the Beagle People, grab a tight hold of the sound Hard, snatchin raw papes off the shelves Blowin up spots from state to state I'm comin to town but you just can't wait Check the station, for conversation at six-block Uno here, to put suckers in the mix I get deeper than oceanography Thinkin of crazy shit, like psychology So speak the piece, then slide like grease The beat is fat, but the rhyme is obese in The Basement [Pete Rock] In The Basement, is where I dwell Check the MC's swell Cause I am, crazy funky, with CL Smooth My man ?, Rob-O, G-R baby pah The Heavster, my brother Grap Lover Everybody.. *fades out, can't hear it* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: If It Ain't Rough, It Ain't Right Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] Above the level of a mezzanine, healthy as Ovaltine The dominant ? clean, I mean go, the light's green The protege could play like chess to quest the best Confess, never poor as Bangladesh I get busy like a boxer, operate like a Doctor Seal like a locker, pop like Orville Redenbacher Buy the tape, LP, CD All me, and Petey, to cater to the needy Like a Prayer for Madonna but A Different World for Jasmine CL is well a physical attraction Let me make myself perfectly clear: while I'm there, I make a peer a positive pap smear Really I do, once I light the barbeque Thread the loose ends, see my friends are the crew The fright night King of New York like Frank White If it ain't rough it ain't right man listen.. [CL Smooth] If it ain't rough enough, to mingle in the stuff to scar and scuff and make you cuckoo like a cocoa puff; it ain't right so I smash the satellite Check the farenheight, before I take flight Unique as Mozambique, here to freak Sheik The skills that won't leak, and never antique Warm like a oven you're lovin the style I'm druggin Alleyway muggin, heavyweight sluggin No fibs I kick the ad libs and rock it in the cribs Break your ribs like a toothpick cause you were never slick ? you lacked back when I first started CL's the one who got the Red Sea parted My conversation qualification is a doozy The rude Rudy wreckin write you off as a floozy I shoot for the moon, but even if I miss I'm among the stars, to put a bullethole in Mars.. [CL Smooth] In my frame of mind I design the best-seller For rougher cats can Rockafeller you're Penn and Teller Steady with the convo, rought like Brillo Let your head hit the bed and knock the feathers out your pillow The master intelligent, with the black testament Found it relevant, and mailed it to the President But overall I get papes for my labor with the physical manifestation of a saviour You wanna test this, but I slay anyway cause your rhymes are old, with more wrinkles than a charpei Mecca Don upon the streets of Babylon Pass the baton to respond like Farrakhan Hard like Shaft with the staff for the Backdraft A blazin aftermath, so hon make a path If you don't trust him, bust him But if you don't have a weapon, then kid keep steppin The main idea in here for the hemisphere CL's here to get wreck for the year A large man's appetite, blowin like dynamite If it ain't rough it ain't right, COME ON! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth f/ Grand Puba Album: Mecca and the Soul Brother Song: Skinz Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Uhh Ahh yeah What we talkin bout? Talkin bout the skinz Skinz? Yeah the skinz, you know, girls Fine women Skinz, listen listen to my man [CL Smooth] I hear it callin never stallin hit the skinz bed or shelter Love to tap her on the shoulder, roll her over, then I belt her Leave a bite when the joint is tight, lovely when it's loose Produce the proper juice, plus I never hump a deuce Give me the head on the waterbed, play you like a Pro Ked Slide the flavors on the sled, listen to what he said Come and lie on the bearskin, notice how the firm make him grin Cover the checks and then I go cash em in Hold the zipper, unlock, and grab the whole bag of treats Hear the hooker slam the butcher with the biggest stack of meats Take two hands to hold it, flip it out and unroll it If you spot a brother larger then the next man stole it Oochie coo now, you know the Mecca wanna bang bang Beggin a pardon as I knock a new skinz stank thang CL, kickin flavor with the Grand Puba Speakin on the wins, I'm about to hit the skinz [Pete Rock] Talkin bout the skinz The skinz That's right, talkin bout the skinz baby No disrespect, just talkin bout an everyday thing C'mon [Grand Puba] Ha ha ha! Hey, hey Yeah... Nowadays I'm on some extra be careful (shit) I take precaution, before I slide up in the slit Man (fuck) that I put aluminum foil on my (dick) Cause if you catch it, boy that (shit)'ll kick you quick Better yet, you can pass me a Ziplock A bag of boom, and a 40 then some boot knock I get stiff and it's hard like Charles Bronson It's kinda (fucked) up what happened to Magic Johnson But anyway, you know the resume Time to drop the Girbauds and parlay, HEY I rock the world over big botty girls Won't hit the skinz if she gotta jheri curl cause when I jump into my thing I make the bedspring sing And you can ask my old fling, who's the bedroom king? Hit the skinz hard, she'll hang on to the bedpost Then I drop my load, then get up and make some french toast Run and get the paper and it won't be the Post After that you know the flavor I'm ghost! [Pete Rock] That's right, be out.. Hit it off.. on the skinz [Cl Smooth] C'mon, with the funky flavors Uhh, gonna hit this off right quick Hit the skinz they're forever wins, cozy like my Timbs and brims but never heard a bigger limb around the rim Set to hurdle when I pop a girdle, sum it up surgical Lay down the pubic and the stuff won't curdle I got the remedy for competition of any sleepin with the enemy who never got a pretty penny Skinz I'm with, check the lower lipped pal of mine Now you know the Pete Rock, skinz all the time [Pete Rock] Oh Pete Rock, raw as I ever been Give me room so I can speak about the skinz Take a tidbit, but God (damnit) can you dig it Sisters play me close and they want my beeper digits cause I love em undercover, the Chocolate Boy Wonder Break like an earthquake, boomin like thunder til the honey dip the blouse, slip in the house Sip the Stout, rip the boots, and I'm out [CL Smooth] Like the Isley's, apply these, in-Between the Sheets Follow yes another trail as if I had on cleats Rip my way through a negligee, park it like a valet Sure it's OK, just met the skinz yesterday Tap the baggy drawers, lay the laws, lovely puff it up For the ride, honey buckle up, smearin all your makeup CL can wreck it well a bombshell finishin So get the tunnel vision on how I hit the skinz [Pete Rock] How I hit the skinz, uhh It's fat, yes As you know I like to flow Don't try to show Because I'm, the accurate man Everybody knows it Peace to all stealers of the Mount Vernon Young poets and players New Rochelle, the Bronx... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: In the House Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] Hit the lights and I appear beyond the stratosphere of Meccable function and if you're pretty let your lady sleep in Carmel City Begin and end the day on Lennon hunts for beachfronts to lit blunts, now all agreed we're sippin OJ with the Dom P Bounce and bring it like it counts to be Luccified CL is sextified and women spell me nationwide You say you want my lips where and I can grab your what? I love your hips legs breasts faces with the firm butt Now feel the muscle when I hustle in the bedsheets Cause my manly treats can hit the fridge for more sweet SPLASH, and let me do my thing til it's hot and sweaty Reload the CamCorder, I guess by then you'll be ready Cause All My Children got One Life to Live But knockin wifey out the box is clearly a negative I'm in rugged wears with fancy facial wears and all the real shit come in pairs, and bounce em in the house y'all {Q-Tip sample} Pete Rock, is in the house.. CL, is in the house.. (4X) [Pete Rock] Back again, I'm here to win, to bust rhymes on beats again Copycats and rugrats, sit back and watch a champion It's time to wreck shop and show the world I'm true to hip-hop So check the style and peace to niggaz in the penile Now umm, it's the original Funky Chicken tactic I run game on your brain for the fame cause I'm active You try to follow in my footsteps, you can't do it I'm pullin your card it ain't hard, I don't have to prove it It's Pete Rock and CL Smooth to the utmost From coast to coast, the music makes you overdose You fiend, for the gangsta lean, I makes you scream Rugged Bro Soul on the scene a.k.a. the funk doer, numero uno, that means number one I get the job done plus I pack a gun So run, and tell your peoples you'll be on the lookout It's all about "Who's in the House?" with the funk {Q-Tip sample} Pete Rock, is in the house.. CL, is in the house.. (4X) [CL Smooth] Money up steps the new era of my lyrical terror Funkadelic for lightin up spots ever since little tots When the dust settle I'm packin heavy metal plenty The drop'll slaughter many, strictly off illegal entry It's elementary Watson, I drive a Benz not a Datsun Before my kicks hit the stage, we've been Foot Lock-in Body rockin to keep the ladies flockin with a concoction Rippin your blouse for no less than arrest in Morehouse My teeth prints where my knife slits, we train em and scar em like pits, off vibes of the Mecca joint Vibe to position, never runnin out of ammunition Now to the heart, I'm steppin with a concealed weapon Nothing's calm when the bomb blaze you know the phrase It's Pete Rock and CL Smooth knockin nowadays Eastside kid, you don't want none, so catch a relay I'm lettin off on anybody tryin to steal my DJ {Q-Tip sample} Pete Rock, is in the house.. CL, is in the house.. (4X) {Q-Tip sample} Check it out, give me my 'spect (8X) {Q-Tip sample} Pete Rock, is in the house.. CL, is in the house.. (10X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Carmel City Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth - singing] Let me take you on a journey through Carmel City Where CL's God, and the ladies gotta hit me off Ballin on the set now baby what's the matter? When all this is Hot Sex served on a platter? [CL Smooth - rapping] Enter my flow so I can hit this show with somethin rugged It's mainly how all the honies dug it like every single day and, bounce around the way and chicks are never waitin when the bodies start marinatin We expand in player's land to unknowns to turn my stumbling blocks, into my stepping stones The pound Donna Karan New York down found where there can be no type of slackin in your mackin The whole agenda is for me to decide; the major hustle  is God, when brothers coincide, with the bonafide CL Smooth, you know the Mecca Don With lovers only for me, in Carmel City Top notch, butterscotch, lyrics hits the mode to make the most gorgeous women wanna get nude Your eyes stay glued, when this is poppin word is bond Wifey's gone, now I'm about to get my swerve on Lay my clothes across the bed, cause I'm here to make a point Plenty chips, got me ballin in a hot joint Respect the sextafied aura you could never take light It's like bringin a knife to a gunfight My large releases got me mixin with the dimepieces And down to rival one of Uncle L's little nieces In my palace of pleasure, everything is done properly And if you didn't know, you better ask somebody Right now, the players are the power structure Check the roly-poly, now it's time you see the brother CL Smooth, you know the Mecca Don With lovers only for me, in Carmel City It's freaktacular, wasn't hard to get em out the blouse If only wifey knew, hubby got a stash house And what moves your man got with so much emphasis Maybe one or two many get ridiculous So scandalous, the honey arrives with her crew And now they're talkin bout comin back withoutchu Yeah my boys are ballin, here's the raw deal: Come to my house, you gotta get naked for real Indulgin, my peoples said let's have a talk about the time my lady's plane hit New York I'm bailin off the set, headin for the crib G Cause I'm the first thing the woman wanna see Take a hot shower, slip on some linen Now it's a new time, a new day, a new beginnin CL Smooth, you know the Mecca Don With lovers only for me, in Carmel City The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: I Get Physical Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] It's going down from out of town  off the wicked streets of New York trouble Me and my man map the plan and make a hefty bundle Blessin weight to listen to greats from the bassment gates Makin the dubplates that cause quakes in other states My soldiers guzzle 40's with the shorties workin the scenes in tight jeans that blows all your boyfriends to smithereens On a scout to get humped out from the zone, bumpin Babyface When everything's live, I let my Boo drive Now do my hot shells ring bells and my knockouts settle beef Any last requests? You better make it brief Kid from 'Life Sucks' to 'Major Bucks' while Pete rocks Control blocks from ballplayers to corner hustlers Here come the Spark Brothers, many retire when I open fire Droppin smooth synthetic, the physical's mental but the outcome is energetic Larger clientele, drops by the CL, the spiritual to set it one time on the physical * Pete Rock cuts n scratches   "I get physical, mystical, very artistical" * [CL Smooth] You must be silly my soul is Bigger than Willie to shock a city with some of the Mecca-fied joint at the boiling point Makin stable moves, wrestling grooves, here comes the pain My style's invisible knives, slicin to the root of your brain Funk locks when the terror come to box from the Pete Rizzocks Knocks the ghetto blaster funkin full fashion Now dames kick the sham real slow, talkin the shopping's urgent There hasn't been that much scheamin since Eve met the serpent My love rules Daisy Duke's amused Check the view of the issue my flexin bounce to your body tissue You know the Iceberg Slim, dig it Daddy, let the click grows Exotic to my foes, how I pimp these hoes Don't be surprised, you get Tysonized, the ultimate test is like Sweet Pea spankin all of Chavez best Blessed on a lyrical slugfest, cause every round's critical One blow that kept the dough physical * Pete Rock cuts n scratches   "I get physical, mystical, very artistical" * [CL Smooth] You better brace yourself, in other words, fasten seatbelts When the Carmel melts, you love spots in your poom poom shorts No one can rock me and my latest aristocracy of Funktasia I represent the full intent to bring the flavor Head or gut, steady layin in the cut, fool it's mine kid for niggaz doin a master race Scarface bid Maintain God, and keep it all solid from the Overlord Adolpho Muhammad To game written twenty years down the line still hittin Makin arena sites rougher than the hockey fights It's just one of those nights, topsy turvy like a roller derby Style is comin sturdy any way you wanna work me Check the bizarre and hear a star, with so much chocolate over the Carmel, we need to own a candy bar But before we merc, run the drill I get physical Mystical, very artistical * Pete Rock cuts n scratches   "I get physical, mystical, very artistical" * The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Sun Won't Come Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] Open, Sesame, steppin through the mist, it's the specialist Comin to box, and flooded with rocks We'll get down for mine, the kind that makes cement feel us Standin in the company of killers Follow my trail as I walk through the valley of death Left, to fear no evil, cause what I grip is legal I'm hot like yard, the point guard of this group, on the loop Never your right, raising all your game type tonight Entering the level of high gear You'd think it took a Bob Marley spliff to get here Front to rear God of the drugs that you're hearin while my neighbors say we need to be jailed for rackateerin Now appearin, Pete Rock and CL Smooth, to the jugular Now you got Mecca and the Soul Brother Slightly, you might raise a hair of doubt But if we don't rock the spot, The Sun Won't Come Out [Pete Rock] Check it out, without Pete Rock and CL Smooth Without _Anger in the Naion_ Yo, without _Mecca and the Soul Brother_ You know The Sun Won't Come Out Without Pete Rock and CL Smooth You know we can't _Reminisce_ If we don't _Straighten It Out_ You know The Sun Won't Come Out [CL Smooth] Un-chained heat, I hustle on the street or beat to keep you on the edge of your seat, you consumer A QB-like boomer, the ultimate team But if I wake up in another woman's bed, I'ma scream I'm settin up shop pop to overthrow Castro Chokin over Noriega's Garcia Vegas Guess who supplies the pies and dope triples Now she leaks ass cheeks, pearly whites and titty nipples Would CL ever trick loot on PC? Even if I never had sonny boy I disagree Cut the small talk, I give more marks than a school of sharks on attack, so keep your ass back When it's wack you get a thumbs down, another record deal wasted Listen man, find another occupation man Here's the persuasion, blazin one amazin route that's all about.. .. "The Sun Won't Come Out" [Pete Rock] Yo, so check it out, with Pete Rock and CL Smooth You gotta _Act Like You Know_ _If It Ain't Rough, It Ain't Right_ kid You know The Sun Won't Come Out Without Pete Rock and CL Smooth You can't _Reminisce_ to _T.R.O.Y._ If we don't _Straighten It Out_ You know The Sun Won't Come Out [CL Smooth] I rule chicks off acoustics, watchin the Knicks We up ten, but need to stop shootin bricks Put the jailhouse funk in under stars til the lines on my looseleaf, look like some metal bars My forecast hits a megablast, and what I invent a pack of bloodhounds could never get the scent Payin off the beast now my bills increase If there's a five dollar rock sold in the park I want a piece The Sun Won't Come Out, unless the crowd start this Cause if it was my choice, you all dance in darkness Cause any verse rips a total eclipse for sun rays Anyways was the phrase back in my younger days (so check it out) Now the God displays the attribute, dealin with heat from the bassment, enterin the streets you meet Pete Rock and CL Smooth and when you see what it's about You know The Sun Came Out, now pass my shades [Pete Rock] Yo, without Pete Rock and CL Smooth Without _Anger in the Nation_ Yo, without _Mecca and the Soul Brother_ You know The Sun Won't Come Out Without Pete Rock and CL Smooth You gotta _Act Like You Know_ _If It Ain't Rough It Ain't Right_ kid You know The Sun Won't Come Out Without Pete Rock and CL Smooth We can't _Reminisce_ Yo, if we don't _Straighten It Out_ You know The Sun Won't Come Out Without Pete Rock and CL Smooth Without _Ghettoes of the Mind_ If you know what I'm talkin about You know The Sun Won't Come Out, so check it One two, Pete Rock and CL Smooth for ninety-four Breakin you off somethin proper Check it, peace y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: I Got a Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] What's goin on baby? Ain't nuttin - it's CL Smooth Sextafied everyday; you gotta know that this live Let's get right to it Chorus: repeat 2X "I've got the love.." "Put the boogie back in, for me and the crew and" -> Biz "I've got the love.." "I'm like tellin you straight on up" -> Biz [CL Smooth] Feel the vibe, when it's bumpin in my tribe, steps the Goodfellas live on screen now you protect the black queen Takin my time from the black on black crime Cause the night Mecca hits, Victoria runs out of secrets Doin trials in latex Lifestyles Boo; I make you call my name, and ask who it belongs to Brand new, with CL, in Carmel, livin well And never cease to flip the hottest dimepiece Now the legend increase into a great, truly Mecca made so in every escapade there's a panty raid You know the rules, slippin off them ewes; then we can settle  with the woman that can take me to that next level Lay down the guns and make sons we can teach From the horseback rides, and the walks on the beach And if you got pretty feet I won't cheat I'm into strictly black pearls when I rocket y'all to different worlds Chorus [CL Smooth] You want a slow wind under my ceilin fan, read books and beat me at chess, but as for rockin you, who's the best? It's all good and correct with no disrespect Skirt chasin hits, takin love to Digable Planets Be wise and recognize, I'd rather show than tell Who got the clout to stop fakin me all out Ease your troubles, place your body in the bubbles Dimepieces fit around the cutie she run with Embrace the mood, thinkin totally nude with no limits Goin through every position within five minutes Now how we did it got a lot of honies with it Love is urban now fitted showin nothin but the belly button Many parlay, and peel off lingerie So when they come pick the one you could learn from So feel the beat in Three-Peat like Jordan got wings cause I'm doin them things, listen Chorus [CL Smooth] At last come the goodies, every woman got a love Hot with all that sex appeal for real, can I hit that? I'm warmer than your triple-goose with hands like a masseuse Don't play; cause I'm the hood your mama loves anyway My heart flips when you take long business trips I want a divorce, no I think I wanna see your boss Check you later honey, searchin in your coach bag for money Before you leave, I hug you til you can't breathe We Kool and the Gang, and kick slang, baby call in sick but you kiss me goodbye, and said, "I don't trick" She's so thick, and God is my witness Sometimes you just can't believe that I'm gettin this Rewind off the Pete Rock design I want a cutie with a ageless body and timeless mind The kind that when I wine and dine she pay the bill Cause it don't cost much to go Dutch baby Chorus (4X, second time with variations) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Escape Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Pete Rock] Check the verse in the Bible says man shall never covet But in your life you put nothing above it, you seem to love it Invest some stocks to clock what's in my stable Sweating me like Cain sweating Abel, you're unstable You couldn't speak, now what's the fake frown for? The jealousy, that's why you're feeling so insecure Used to be by my side but now all I see is pride On the quest to make lucci, got you open wide It feels funny, cause it never used to be that way Remember PR back in the day? Hey, the number's changed and the crib's a little fatter But if you was real, you'd see it really wouldn't matter Check the stat in fact yo, don't ever try to peep this Don't mistake my kindness for a weakness The name is Pete Rock, I'll take you higher than the lism I'm on a exodus, Escapism Yo, check it out I like to rhyme, no time for silly head games Strictly known for busting up your head frames But skins bold, act like they want to know a nigga Break they neck to show they figure But yo, you can't gas me up, you can't hype me Play it cool when it comes to schooling wifey On the ways of life it's life, checks, and big money So the next kid will be up on your honey Sexing your honey, flexing your Benz and your money Playing you like a crash test dummy, so take it from me Cause when it happens don't say I never told you so Peep the verbal lessons in the flow And ayo, you know they style, and yeah I'm here to warn ya Getting shaky cause I'm coming up on ya It's Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth on a major pape mission Rising to the top, Escapism I'm sitting back, I got the funk on cruise While you snooze Pete Rock is steady paying his dues Putting styles on lock and making beats by the bundle Scooping more props than Bryant Gumbal, and staying humble But then you go and have to act that way I just hit you off the other day! But this is sick, cause here you come with your crew of derelicts Talking about you need a pair of kicks, or this or that You hang around cause the pockets are fat But when I'm on "E" yo, you ain't trying to check for me You got more game than rugby You're only stressing the name now that the papes is flowing lovely So stop searching for idealism And check the off-beat flow of the Soul Brother with the realism Shedding some light just like a prism You can't wait, you can't fake it, Escapism The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: The Main Ingredient Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] One two, one two y'all One two, check it out Got my man CL Can't forget my man, Cee-Lo Can't forget money earnin', Mount Vernon Can't forget New Roch' Can't forget Westchester Can't forget umm.. CL, hit me off [CL Smooth] Feel the funk by the rap czars in sports cars Comin atcha now you listen at the feet of a master Caution, not Wheel of Fortune, here's a portion of untamedness, approachin famous, for miscellaneous The track get crackin though, unexplainable When I ground a jewel, sound is simply uncontainable Release my soul, but never make the mistake and play me like a stone cold fruitcake man Cause you can never fathom G the dough we want so My flow's the steadiest, to never leave us penniless Come on down to the very necessary legendary Well the more the merry stickin women type of villian The evidence relentless, I ride to see you magnatized Mecca to begin you're locked in no doubt The label better push this, so we can pay the rent You can season the pot well, but here's The Main Ingredient [Pete Rock] The Main Ingredient y'all The Main Ingredient Yo, The Main Ingredient y'all The Main Ingredient Yo, The Main Ingredient y'all The Main Ingredient The Main Ingredient y'all Yo, The Main Ingredient, kick it CL [CL Smooth] I know you wonder what kind of way is that to think: Put all the wackest rappers on a boat and let it sink Don't blink; next thing you see you spot is taken No Jax I'm Fakin' soldiers took the whole reservation On a scale of one to ten, we move rather swiftly Want a dimepiece but we'll settle for an eight-fifty Don't blow mine, your trump card is exposed to pages Now your beginning's already at the final stages Pumpin like 12 gauges from a shotgun blast I never saw people run so fast, aight? Stay up all night, then sleep all day Makin big Lucci and would have it no other way In conjunction, with the function, as stated Orchestrated by the Soul Brother nickel plated Tell the judge you were foolish, and try to be lenient Cause you never had the The Main Ingredient [Pete Rock] The Main Ingredient (7X) Hit the third verse off kid [CL Smooth] This cap is peeled layin joints like a minefield When dynamite's my rhythm this is East coast terrorism The Vernon-ville's Mecca Don, formin Voltron tactics Let off three verses and the crowd panics Get em all, the kingpin of the Player's Ball Now every tramp in your camp's going AWOL My Lucci situation is A Daily Operation On the strip, I refine you like Tales From the Crypt Right here's the real shit, and all that other's counterfeit Funk to let you know exactly what you're dealin with P-R slash, C-L smash, love to spend cash For proper livin, slidin up in wealthy women Stick your hand in my pants, and grab the mic's no crime Cause like Sisters With Voices, it's about time for you to respect my whole foundation precisely Be obedient, to The Main Ingredient [Pete Rock] Yo, The Main Ingredient The Main Ingredient Yo, The Main Ingredient The Main Ingredient (4X) Check out the funk y'all Mic Check, one two CL Smooth, and Pete Rock Comin back, for ninety-four Can't forget Get on, to get on It's time to get on, peace to I-n-I Yeah, can't forget Baby Pah Can't forget the whole roster One two Check it It's The Main Ingredient y'all The Main Ingredient y'all (4X) The Main Ingredient, y'all (7X) The Main Ingredient, bust it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth f/ Rob-O Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Worldwide Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Rob-O] Who keeps it methods and orthodox, who caught the props Who's styles are shit, who's gonna rock? On to the break of dawn, you wanna battle, pay the price Mathematically precise, smooth and plus nice With a flow that's like a mailman or letter carrier Rob-O brings the ghetto area Funk flavor through your neighborhood, state, town, or borough Stay down, I don't think I'm quite thorough Not your average rapper (Listen) Cause in a sec I write some shit to blast your wack ass to Mecca See Rob's the most Mecca To grab the microphone and yes y'all it To school these dreds and stress these bald heads The INI's in the house (You don't stop) Pete Rock, Grap Luva, Mark, and Polo rising and you don't stop We let the funk slide and let God be our guide Flowing from the Vernon worldwide [Pete Rock] It's the funk god, taking you worldwide, so bust it Flowing over beats cause it's a must, kid That I proceed to fix the hardcore in the mix Check one two with the flow that fits I make the hits that soar, I put the wreck in the raw '94 in your local record store It's Pete Rock and CL, the Main Ingredient Now leave your wack style home, cause you won't be needing it I grab the mic and get wreck for real You hear me on the wax, kid, you see me on the steel Can you feel the funk as I inject? Then God protect it, hold the mic, see I select it To keep it crazy versatile but still underground, packs the four pound cause it's wild In this place you'll find it hard to hide Soul Brother and I'm going worldwide [Rob-O] Now who's the greatest? Few debate this, you're still figuring? Well perish the thought, there's none bigger in This act son, Mecca is all I attract You're wack, son, yeah your talent's a fraction While I'm nice, as Christ, there's two religions So envision a messiah on a mission, the competition I'll stop your wishing point blank cause you lost it Your joint sank, your soft style's exhausted And now it's mandatory, you stand before me amazed and awed Giving praise, you're the God Rob cipher's born, most Mecca supreme A fly MC with the self-esteem You keep it wholesome and still I relax a bit I play your shit out like ??? cause my wig out has to hit I'm steadily encouraging head bops while you're scurrying to get props I'm worldwide [Pete Rock] Yo, check out the rhyme buster, pulling niggas through the wringer I'm not a singer, as I conduct with one finger It's the orchestrater, mutilator, master funktator I've got mad flow from here to Asia Cause I'll amaze ya with the skills that I possess Knock out the rhymes with all the rest So I suggest if you're in the way step aside Cause Pete Rock is coming worldwide The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: All the Places Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	"All the places and spaces I've been" (Repeat 4x) [CL Smooth] Welcome to the zone where the strong only survive Places I drive all the gangsters can't stay alive Take my universal journey through the jungles of the hardest town Where my brothers lay their life down You want something to play with? Go find some toys when you mistake these grown men for little boys More real than what is real so feel I'm sending Compare the God with no beginning and we'll have no ending My blessed rings are down with the kings revalation Had heard me on the Run-DMC's reincarnation Child abuse, women loose, robbery and triple homicide Every where this black man resides still Check the monolouge, I'm on a 6 a.m. jog To regain my powers, do a set before the showers I'm prime for the summertime, the big time bowler But any season or reason we can't take it over 	"All the places and spaces I've been" "Can you feel it?" (Repeat 6x) Are you ready for the legendary crazy rugged ?ready war? Known to be the smooth that sat by the door Furthermore, for you and I to click, here's the stats Take all that dirty money, set the wash doors and laundromats You love to gamble now we open an after-hours spot 20 sacks with the Guiness for the jackpot Members only, playing pool like Willie Marconi With a tenderoni chatting about the GS I'm batting I'm patting down with the sound of a general Fully supplied by my ghettofied residential We come to rebuild and turn off the heat now Hoping we can take it back to Yugenot Street Palled around the screen TV watching the fight Tonight, cause if it ain't rough it ain't right Ink tents in all of my circumference I connect Now demanding all types of respect, can you dig it? 	"All the places and spaces I've been" "Can you feel it?" (Repeat 6x) Travelling the warp speed we come to the peak Like a missle I probe and seek, many can't critique My physique is still solid, chiseled down to the very last compound I'm trying that chin, fool, where you been? Still sliding girls in as soon as pops fall asleep His game tight, set to flip a shorty late night I like rocks and groupies, condo shows and cuties The hottest cars and the strongest drinks at the bars This is one of those joints that make you stand by the exits Cause every time I'm yapping something crazy happens Keep my tool in my baggy jeans rolling with sneaker feet Who got a life term working for the firm My labor's fruit off of business as usual Plus my two clan band is making me a wealthy man Now from where I stand, believe it's not a game Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth's a household name 	"All the places and spaces I've been" "Can you feel it?" (Repeat 6x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Tell Me Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	Tell me how you feel (Hey hey hey) 	It's time to get down and do this for real (Repeat 4x) [CL Smooth] There she lays, never the nonsense the mood to watch her focus on and Slide so she can ride the man who's born to be sextified Study my flicks if only chicks knew the mix for better brands When power lands the sister had other plans The plot is set for her to wed giver her dad's permission To marry the next boss in line in his position Overprotective, the objective is never to leave her Taking street, who pack the heat, now meet the Black Caesar Bought her diamonds and furs, silky jammies isn't hers But deep down I think a simple man she prefers Every kiss was a death wish, every plan was a let down Stopping in tears she pulls over by the playground Clearing her vision, spots a game through the schoolyard fence Sneakers squeeking, ball bouncing, looking so intense And since her hobby was photography with nothing to do Cool, she takes a flick or two 	Tell me how you feel (Hey hey hey) 	It's time to get down and do this for real (Repeat 4x) A couple of weeks go by, clocking the boys around the town Her mommy shopping, daddy dealing, leaving night all time around For her to execute her a level to break the family ties To gamble her future on the love, murder, money, and lies Watch out, the woman's about to love and claim her king So she drove up in the ghetto looking to do her thing Checking the brothers going crazy when the car skirts by the flow I keep it real and peep it all from my window So please, the lady's heading upstairs the first door The second deliver my clothes, the third, run my tub water Every way she represented made sense to me When black is out of state, building spots, making lucci The wind blows the candles, now the moon shines on my chest But nevertheless I gently rest my head on her breast But danger lurks in the wings based on how the cards read 'em I think she'd better tell 'em 	Tell me how you feel (Hey hey hey) 	It's time to get down and do this for real (Repeat 4x) The blackest of the seeds to dawn stepping with two briefcases Son you bless your people when you conquer like Hannibal When I was about your age, I ran the numbers for money I'm picturing him and John Gotti hanging in the study I grew to be large in Crooklyn with your daddy back in the day We were ready to take Harlem before he passed away Women and booze, the weapon I choose then was truly major I'm ringside with Don King when Ali fought Frazier Scars and metals, when the mob settles I was flexing My daughter was born so I called the X for some direction Your father's words are like the Bible to black But beware, he came barging in your room and you wasn't there You let your mind wander, taste and face the search party Left the grounds fully loaded with the tre pound Then come in deep on the creep to find you and me Cause you can't stop destiny 	Tell me how you feel (Hey hey hey) 	It's time to get down and do this for real (Repeat 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Take You There Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Check it out Ahh yeah Back again with anotha hit, smash Pete Rock and CL Smooth We got the groove for you So go call your crew And let em know we in the house CL hit em off with the verses [CL Smooth] Never judge a book by the cover; discover the Soul Brother  with the Mecca Don, workin brunette to blonde How many Edison Con when I respond in full black with us havin the Vernon villians back to back Amazing grace when I face the great paperchase For real it's long overdue, so I don't wanna talk to you I stroke the hell out of mademoiselle who insisted every night, she get her back twisted in the unlisted I'm livin through my son so daddy see it this way I want him in the NFL, his brother in the NBA No doubt I with a 'piece, down in Mecca, all crazy to the lady, none of this is make-believe I breathe some of the most powerful lyrics of our century Battle physically, conquer mentally Essentially, you're dealing with a Mecca affair So anywhere you wanna go, y'know, I'll take you there Chorus: unknown singer(s) C.. L.. whatcha gonna do You.. know.. you can make me Boo Ohh-ver.. and ohh-ver again Come on, and take me there [CL Smooth] Control now so in the future see me callin the shots From larger plots to cash to mini-bikes and open mics I'm blowin up spots for knots in the millenium years And now I drop it on my peers, brings Tears and Fears And now the question manifest in my only My soldiers wear Versace or the army fatigue That brings a world of intrigue and glamour to my arsenal of Gods, pimps to players and layers of Decepticons My whole mindstate gravitate to weapon Makin people in the business get a misconception It ain't hard to the core, it ain't Sex on the Beach It's just another plateau the brothers have to reach Emphatic with non-cypher, then we were broke and misguided Try to gas me like Hitler once we get divided No question, you're dealing with a Mecca affair So anywhere you wanna go, I'll take you there Chorus [CL Smooth] Set it so I can make em all respect my fame When brothers try to count all my chips in the game Now let me civilize your foolish acts of gunplay The plan of a stick man, the price in how to get away Chose for negroes, the most hypnotical flows on the planet, another East coast track rose, God damnit My theme, to mainstream's the knocker Only time I get right as block is when my lucci's on lock Pretty much I'm comin through in the clutch see My thought is a bombshell, built to only propel Or is it just my style of hustle makin a mark To rumble the playgrounds with more danger than Jurassic Park It was dark, when I brought it to the light, despite my staff's got me takin nothin but champagne baths Now the aftermath's dealin with a Mecca affair So anywhere you wanna go, I'll take you there Chorus [singer] Just come on Take me right where I wanna be Come on Come on to you and me Come on Oahahahohhahhh [Pete Rock] Keep doin it baby Check it out, bust it Chorus 2X (second time with music, to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Searching Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [CL Smooth] You're everything that I dream about, talk about Walk around and brag about, cause I don't give a damn about What they say, what he say, or she say I'm addicted like drugs to your loving, but hey You got me strung like I'm young and it's crazy You're making me nervous, I don't deserve this, I'm Swayze I wish I could be but you really got a hold on me With your sex appeal, I'm telling you how I feel, shit is real Now I don't really want to play myself so I say to myself: "Son get a grip and don't slip" Cause I don't want you to think I'm some clown from out of town I get down, I've been around, I ain't no hand-me-down So you gotta show respect for me if you're checking for me And don't sweat me cause I really don't want no sweat on me If you got it, good, flaunt it You know what it takes and you know how I want it 	(I know how you want it) Don't tease me, just please me 	(I know how you want it) Now what you gonna do when you get it? (Repeat 2x) Everybody knows you and they show you mad respect You give me funny feelings with your million-dollar step Never quiet is kept, honey always stayed dip I'm thirsty for your love, sugar can I get a sip? Well maybe just a taste in the place that make your face bend And I would never try to kick it to your best friend So what's the deal, what's the haps, where we at now? Keeping it strong, moving it along, I'm here to show you how So all I wanna know is what you really wanna do I try to flex for sex and sex unless I'm sexing you And I'll be swimming in some trim with a beachfront view Cause all I wanna do is get next to you Now leave your crew so we can step into my hideaway So I can step into it right away If you got it, good, flaunt it You know what it takes and you know how I want it 	(I know how you want it) Don't tease me, just please me 	(I know how you want it) Now what you gonna do when you get it? (Repeat 2x) Before you sit back and think I ain't saying nothing You need to sit back and think about what I'm saying Now relaying, my carmel flow So you can see the arrow fly before it leaves the bow Slow like Cupid, taken from a mobster At night I crack her open just like a lobster (My CL Smooth) It's all good baby Now you know why I'm stressed when you act shady Sometimes you chit chat, now and then hide the cat When all I wanna do is just flip that But there's a side to me only you can see Only you can so believe in your man I want you to love me in a special way When I come home from making lucci to parlay If you got it, good, flaunt it You know what it takes and you know how I want it 	(I know how you want it) Don't tease me, just please me 	(I know how you want it) Now what you gonna do when you get it? (Repeat 4x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Check it Out Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [CL Smooth] We go back and forth, sending this out to my people up north Tell 'em if you ain't from New York you're soft Box or throw rocks, fish or cut bait Cause I fight great, but wait Here's the hottest joint on lockdown Ready for release what they call a masterpiece Covers are blown, known for keeping shit lethal Cause now I'm like water in the desert for you thirsty people What's the fixation with all this artillery? Now you catch a look, saying "Who are you to question me?" Giving sighs from enemy lines taking care of my business Is how you found out Wayne's World was never his See my pend holds strong for all my cookies in mink We call all types of bitches running out of ink later for ticky mind, avoid like suama But I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind You know it's my thing, get your bell rang By the Meccafied slang, the jack of all trades Couldn't even gang bang, and niggas can't hang With so many styles, you'd swear the shit was out of Wu-Tang But the samurai, CL Smooth I be slicing, dicing you down when the mic is around I rebound like Oakley when you provoke me This is the Chocolate Thai, be careful how you toke me I razzle dazzle your fragile ass until you pay homage To the man I plan is holding all the knowledge In five minutes of funk off my tounge, read the label shown Is it Pete Rock or Oliver Stone? Still the same, they remember my name Kind of reminds me of when Rocket Ismail played for Notre Dame Invincibility with no vulnerability Selling more than gold with the killers on my payroll You'd better watch your step, known for the rep Of being real but can't accept jealous brothers and others Who can't relax with pep, and if it was the playoffs your ass would get swept and kept on stash The Tango & Cash competitors bow Cause I would think we all know who The Don is by now Making loot at the pace of a horse race Now once again my friend, the great paperchase Here's a taste of life in the fast lane Now house full of chicks, he's stripping off the Don P With the profound sound, I ride swoops like a hawk And can only bring the essence of New York It's the Vernonville daddy, can you comprehend? How some real live niggas set a new trend Of being so blasted, smoothest prophets to the brain cell While I bid you all a farewell The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth f/ Rob-O, Dida Album: The Main Ingredient Song: In the Flesh Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	"In the flesh" --> Big Daddy Kane (cut & scratched 2x) [CL Smooth] Introducing funk from the yard, collecting strictly knockouts The broters I sparred, which only means the man got nothing to prove On a power move made by the CL Smooth Live 495 I arrive in person Hard dialogue without a whole bunch of cursing It's my perrogitive, so back up and live, fool As long as they don't violate everything's cool, cause it's all good Understood is the smoothest daddy with the roughest raps Am I thinking about blowing the spot? Perhaps Carry straps on strips for the trigger-happy pirates Where ladies catch fits steady reaching for my privates But hold, how I unfold my whole repotoire Now here we are at home to make another superstar With Rob-O indeed R with the P.R. But nevertheless it's CL Smooth 	"In the flesh" (scratched 4x) [Rob-O] Rob-O's at the top of the list, so bust this Stick to funk like Scotch, the top-notch vocalist You don't stop, cause I can illustrate with the needle Penetrating straight to the souls of many people Is there any evil? On this path I'm innovating Stil faking, put down your pads and stop waiting See the year of the fly MC is here, so stand clear I'm facing the Gods with no fear Rob-O, East Coast, uptown MCing the most and spreading the Mecca all around Selecting the sound to make the party people pound And see gave you more, of what I say in '94 It's like that, so don't stop It's like this, so God bless Soul Brothers get down with no stress Yeah INI's representing in the flesh 	"In the flesh" (scratched 4x) [Dida] Even in the mirror, it just doesn't get any clearer I hear a funky beat and I gotta get nearer KABOOM! Stepping in the sound room mellow A dangerous flavorous fellow, hello Style and grace, the original's in this piece In the place right along with the pace Nevertheless, in the flesh no quest The sex in the system, of course I'm fresh I rest in the Villes, the skills is big To a level of extravagence, the talent's all balanced The extreme dopeness for the nation D. is the inital, MC's the occupation Five master hype, light the color of the skin Once the beat roll, my goal is to win My friend the best, the real side yes I rest my case in your face in the flesh 	"In the flesh" (scratched 4x) [Pete Rock] Soul Brother supreme to catch wreck in the flesh So check one two and a mic test Now clear the room, I scoped you with the wide angle zoom Trying to overstand my funk tunes Coming soon, so chill, don't stress The Creator I'll kick the funk loop from here to Cal Tjader And cross the fader, and pack the lines on my paper With rhymes so tough, who got the flavor? Plus the knack to rock, I'm steady heating up the spot The Chocolate Boy Wonder making heads bop In slow motion, domes crack open like the pavement Off some shit I made down in the basement The funk ambassador, asking you to get with the pro- Fessional, yo there's no question I can flow Time to slide, you know the P.R. will provide The real and still I feel the vibe, I'm in the flesh 	"In the flesh" (scratched 16x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: It's On You Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	Chorus (with EPMD samples): 	On you ("Smile in my face, behind my back they talk trash") 	On you ("Mad and stuff because they don't have cash") 	On you ("When I roll and stroll ???? always pack a tool") 	On you ("Just in case, a brother acts a fool") [CL Smooth] It's death before dishonor, strap the vest down tight when you bring the  drama Now raise up off mine, and taste it in the raw Before snipers on the floor galore, in my hardware store Nightmares of thirsty crooks, niggas all acting fishy working off the books Painting pictures of poverty, causing armed robbery And provoke every last one gets smoked No doubt for real it's like wildlife Where thugs forever pull caps and always keep a knife Cause on the strip warefare's inevitable, hot steel's incredible And it's a pride the revolution won't be televised As I supply and demand, as I build my currency to expand, call it progress When I bless my territory all respect due But can niggas keep it real? It's on you Chorus Step into the dragon's lair, where CL's the don and Pete's the creator Now praise the most high and represent the best Cause the number one killer of black men is stress The armed and dangerous, the bulletproof Couldn't stop the homicide of another youth Penetrating your body parts with hollow point shells, you fraud Cause vengence is mine said the Lord, indeed My own click now truns greedy Out of twelve of my soldiers, one will decieve me With salt in the game, shame the family and push My black ass straight into a terrifying ambush The whole empire's at stake Mastering the streets, devil the mental won't break and turn snake For Pete's sake you gotta be true to the crew So if niggas want to set it, it's on you Chorus Capture the beast within me, beware when it's moving deep in New York City The diabolical gangster chronicle mob scenes in all directions The type of connections to get your wig split Submit the wanted signs posted, chickens spots for major knots you get  toasted To the head piece, I release firepower, only I'm controlling We put in work and got the right brothers rolling When hell kicks off we lick off Keeping mine hard like stone from the red zone, to each his own Smile in my face behind my back you talk trash But my pockets hit empty and my Lexus crashed but not in your wildest dreams Hear my name in all the scandals and all the schemes, I rest in Queens The Veronville's my capital, so memorize the cuts Then give you two more seconds to get off these nuts, it's on you Chorus *song fades out and a freestyle session fades in* [Pete Rock] Check it, Grap Luva, if you're in the house Just get on the mic and show 'em what it's all about [Grap Luva] It's all about the wicked check one two Cause I rips a microphone and pass it to my crew I don't drink no brew, I smoke nuff spliffs, I don't have no riffs So check me as I shoot the gift Rip rhymes, freestyle rhymes Off top of the dome every time I'm glad this shit is going on tape So I can escape into the beat and make nuff papes Word to God, kicking nuff freestyle rhymes *fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: The Main Ingredient Song: Get On the Mic Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [CL Smooth] Capture this funakthon loaded by the Mecca Don Into the red zone, you spot my skull and crossbone alone To fill the Watergates, slaughter great, think and meditate Set behind the pace of the CL's war face Cras and tints, making blueprints for over six figure salaries Luchified, cause many did and died The mic wrecka, study Mecca, now building Cause I love my shorties like Jesus loved children Cause being smooth is the science I crafted To a state, when they incarsarate me I wanna be free And play some D on the high-scoring thrill from the Veronville Taking my yards with no bodyguards My click's the first round draft pick for time in prison So the only way to cover that is clean living Respect given, hear the bell go "ding" It's like Tyson stepping back into the ring, soon as I... Ladies and gentlemen for dead presidents it represents Now hear what it's like when I (get on the mic) It's strike cause every Nike I wear is kicking ass there Too dope to scare and too damn smooth to care So flick your lighters in the air, and let me blow the roof off The Collesseum plus I got to get per diem All dueces file out, and leave the dimes to the front row And when I say "Go" I want 'em showing lovin' Tossing dough, cause with the daddy unemployed And the old earth raising me, any other rugged nigga's history No mystery, I'm physical in action So guess relaxing is a weekend with Toni Braxton On your TV is me, incredible MC, B With the P to the R, my break a ways can bounce for days This fillets, I'm trucking jewels like Eric B And all you corny fools can't see me, oh my my my Healthy, wealthy, and wise is your size Come and try the hardcore, set on down by every law Moving in your Lex trecks out a sextivity At its highest level of funktagious served in major He's the real Mabel, overqualified to be luchified Pete Rock's the god when my stiz-ile profile Slide into the Milky Way, the Carmel King's sing We're back on crazy to put the duke up in Daisy Amazingly, none of y'all can faze me never Add the spice to make you shoop like Salt N Pepa How large is he? Mastered my degree in mic surgery With plans to retire at the tender age of 30 Jah is what I cherish, all informers must perish On the downlow, lift my peoples from the ghetto In every bourough CL is quite thourough In do or die don't try when I anni The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Inspectah Deck, Kurupt Album: Soul Survivor Song: Tru Master Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Inspectah Deck] Your highness, live from the bricks, one six Pete Rock bang your head, break the drumsticks Verbal assault, rhymes rippin through the mix Specialist, with the smash hits that can flip Savagely attack this, clash with, accurate aim Spark the flame, burn this inside the vein Ride tracks like the Soul Train, hold ya brain in the state of shock, make em drop hits of cocaine I bang with the big boys, those who hold name Amateurs get hung with they own gold chains I swing blades, best bring grenades against a Tru Master, way beyond your freshman attempts Spit rounds on the floor, evidence of the war It's on til the death til we settle the score You can never measure, to the standard, of the most popular demanded, rap classics Pop corks while the style knock your tops off Ghetto summer jam's got the streets blocked off Plots to knock me off get stopped short Armed with my thoughts, move the world with an unknown force [Pete Rock] Aiyyo, we had the bass pound speakers, shell toed Adidas (uh-huh) Original rap with new school leaders (true) Graffiti art names with fat gold chains Shock the world cousin, while hip-hop remains "I'm a true master, you can check my credentials" - Jeru "Master in the MC field" - Parrish Smith "Master, preacher, poet, a teacher" - O.C. "From the master.. from the master" - Biggie Smalls [Pete Rock] Yo I drop jewels like hail, rap rides the third rail Transmit def styles with sign language in braille In hot pursuit of Donald Trump rap loot Produce what you feel with Navy Seal mic troops Spark the S-P, slaughter, Pete Rock of Gibraltar Miraculous lyrics that tread water A rap nigga, show respect, write rhymes that connect Collaborate, break bread with Kurupt and Deck Keep my feet blessed, fresh with the Scottie Pippen's In the game of life, I play all positions Stop look and listen, total package, yes a true master Produce rhymes, slang hits faster The master of the game, solo artist by name Paint the masterpiece that lies inside the frame Passionate bright colors, the number one Soul Brother All eyes on us, guard your grill and take cover Aiyyo, we had the bass pound speakers, shell toed Adidas (uh-huh) Original rap with new school leaders (true) Graffiti art names with fat gold chains Shock the world cousin, while hip-hop remains "I'm a true master, you can check my credentials" - Jeru "Master in the MC field" - Parrish Smith "Master, preacher, poet, a teacher" - ? "From the master.. from the master" - Biggie Smalls [Kurupt] I'm the epicenter of this natural disaster I'm disastrous with smashes, cold and hot flashin Masters of self, a whole carload of explosives like Zorro your host is death with the intellect from wizards to warlocks I'm sore ock, I'm raw ock with four glocks, smallpox More ways to get paid, more ways to display More rhymes to say, more AK's to spray God is good growin up in the hood Done some things bad, done some things good Me and Pete is like rhymes to chemicals, clash Atom bombs to mustard gas We intervene, I break ya, take ya to a whole difference scene AR-15's and beams Got em jumpin like I swallowed a gang of jumpin beans Explode and reload, we dumps machines Radical in war, Kurupt's a mad star I'm a hard dogg, raw dogg, hog with the gold paw Dogg Pound Gangstaz -- D.P.G. I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta -- D.P.G. I'm a Dogg Pound Gangsta -- D.P.G. Inspectah Deck and Kurupt and Pete Rock to drop the beat "Masters of art" - KRS-One "Be the sharpest motherfucker  with the beats, with the rhymes" - Method "Check this out..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Method Man Album: Soul Survivor Song: Half Man Half Amazin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] To all my Bronx niggaz (Yeah!) "And I say right about now get ready to get down  to the funky sound of the man they call" 	"Pete Rock" 	"and Method Man" [Method Man] Dumbheads, what? Cherryheads.. what? Appleheads, what what what? (Meth-Tical, you know how we do Dunn, yeah  Hit it off you know what I mean, like this y'all) P.R., take them to the bridge, uhh! Chorus: Pete Rock Float on this magnificient track wise intelligent All-star Jamerican yes the rap vet Reinforce your threat, who got the money to bet against the number one, holdin down the position Crush the competition with the limited edition Heavy caliber rhyme, shootin down ya peace sign The war's on for real, run grab ya shield Yo Meth, take the steel and let these cats know the deal [Method Man] Style blazin, Iron Lung on this collaboration Money for the takin I ain't sweatin confrontation With P.R.ah, we beez the mens of tomorrow Master, license to kill, bringin the horror to ya house like Amityville, keepin it more than real Niggas ain't supposed to feel, Hot Nicks ya know the deal If you read the resume, gives a fuck what niggaz say Timb boots to pave the way, here I come to save the day Yes stoppin the fuckin press, transform to Mister Mef See that logo on my chest, save a damsel in distress Hot shit, in the song, got to Get Until It's Gone Kids wanna get it on get smacked up and shit upon Right til ya prove me wrong, think you can do me hunh? Can't we all just get along, in this modern Babylon? Dueling with my nemesis, layin down laws Don't start if you can't finish it, I'm telling you Pah! Got the power of a meteor shower, comin down on all ya cowards, trickin ya funds and sniffin powders Here we come, straight from the slums, Dynamic Duo son Ghost Rider Jonathan and Soul Brother Number One Chorus: repeat 2X (sampled and scratched by Rock) "Sendin this one out.. to my man" -> Prodigy "Meth-Tical" -> Meth		"Pete Rock" "Half man, half amazin" -> Nas "Make it hot nigga!" -> Big Pun "For you!"	"KnowhatI'msayin?" -> Prodigy [Method Man] Leapin tall buildings in a single bound, faster than a round Blastin out a forty pound, y'all niggaz fuck around Take that and handle it, Method Man I get  strong with Titantic shit, that means abandon ship Get a life and get a grip, there ain't a problem that I can't fix Transmittin live from Apocalypse And the Cho-co-late, Boy Wonder, my sidekick Cowabunga, these evil doers days are numbered We flexin like the X-Men on rap veteran That be's no question, boy ya need protection son I'm burnin up check the temperature Ya fuckin wit The Last Emperor, Iron Lung dangerous son For all who enter the, 36, Deadliest chambers For all the prejudiced, entertainers there ain't a damn thing you can tell us, bite ya tongue I be the troublesome, don't sleep niggaz is holdin son [Pete Rock] Pick em off form long range break em down to small change A New York Giant stand in front of ya ... squad, what up God, a million to one one odds that you can't stop this bullet I'm like Refrigerator Perry rush right through it and just do it So act like ya knew it, the Mount Vernon/Shaolin fluid The rap committee coming live through ya city, swing hard like Ken Griffey Gain stats, now who's next up to bat? Knock em out the box, Method Man and Pete Rock Celebrating victory, rap world remedy Take a double dose deadly Deadly kid.. yo! "C'mon!"	"One two!" "The numba one set and sound" -> BDP "Meth-Tical" -> Method "Pete Rock, this one's for the crew" -> CL Smooth "Half man, half amazin" -> Nas "One two!"	"The numba one set and sound" -> BDP "Meth-Tical" -> Method		"on arrival" "Pete Rock, this one's for the crew" -> CL Smooth "Half man, half amazin" -> Nas (continues to echo to end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ O.C. Album: Soul Survivor Song: Respect Mine Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Verse One: The renassance man no gat in my hand Episode numero uno check out the man Spread a verse like a thesis or a virus Open the iris nigga I'm the individual you can't get rid of Prominent aura dominant moral islamic Amazing phenomenon like Haley's Comet Ya gettin headaches from this bullshit I'm the anisthetic to cure shit Fuck that cut up shit I be that pure shit Expedition thoughts are truck My mind shine like bins spinning thoughts Bright as fuck, congruent like four sides of a square I got a surprise in nine-eight, rappers better prepare Timeless take every letter from the word I adverb And put it together that nigga O.C.'s quite clever Always and forever no one can do it better Chorus: Respect on the mic we in this for life For the street thug to my brother with same blood One love yo sound off the twenty one slug salute Ways to display the truth It's Pete Rock and O.C. It's on point fella Ain't nothing you can tell us Word up Verse Two: Yo I impact the earth like a meteorite magnetic The P.R./O.C. experiment Serving justice when we bust this Ya now instructed to thrust one fist in the air Regulate the anthem for revolution prepare For the victorous comeback of the year Assemble the militia as insert the scripture Lyrics for the instrumental picture Graphic in nature respect mics I hold Certified gold five hundred thousand sold News flash yo it's hip-hop built ta last Survivor of the aftermath when guns blast Waving a white flag while you dressed in drag Remember what I keep in the trunk of my Jag Suprise nigga respect due when I deliver Chorus Verse Three: Since day one when I came upon the scene For this mic I fiend respect played a part before the cream I figure respect last longer because cream come and go I done seen five to ten and even fifteen a show and blew it Now I know now my ill escape is real estate No more will I make that mistake Respect is what matters cause that shit hold weight Word up ya gotta earn respect in ninety-eight Rehabilitate the rap game honor our name Hold it down to the last frame No doubt emergency escape route Take the easy way out if that's what you about If not then show ya heart Create light from dark all aboard the Ark As the rain falis I reminisce on Biggie Smalls And Tupac the new world is yours 80 pause for the cause Repect due Chorus: repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Raekwon, Prodigy, Ghostface Album: Soul Survivor Song: Tha Game Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Raekwon] Wall to wall.. that's my word I want approximately.. everything you got The verdict.. that's right Yo...  Call me the black champion Guess down, wanna test now So let's grab the mack and vest, bless him if he stressed out Amazin glazin Purple Haze patients Blazin asians in Mercedes Benz stations Yo moving through the tavern, guns that burn, sons that learn Stabbin an intern, corporate book of words Iceatollah Motorolas, gun reloaders, broads with rollers When wet lense stolers, Lex glowers who owe us Call up Comissionary Gordon, son go warn the Warden that the lord is back, rollin with his sword again Mix tape, masturbation mate rate plates ice traits Guns wit bitches jumpin outta white cakes It's on for real, indeed, Lex Leonardo Shells that's hollow, six whipper through the 52 globe of horror Carry the stainless steel armor Nurture the church avenue drama, yo, African gold from Ghana Puffin these marijuanas make Allah catch Alzheimers Feedin bread to birds yellin fuck old timers Chorus: Raekwon It's called game, game get ya life kilt, game recognize Write wills, game slight chills things stay the same Game, subliminary mill's smash grills night chills Regardless what Pah things won't be the same Game'll get ya life kilt game rcognize Write wills, game slighht chills things stay the same Game, subliminary mill's smash grills night chills Mic skills baby pah won't be the same Game (check this out, one two, yeah yeah this is me P no doubt) [Prodigy] Segregate those fake punks Separate the bullshit from the authentic Vintage rhyme division got the globe listening My rap scroll belittled your goals and visions Prohibition got my whole block pissin Christians One-fifty-one Dunn'll have you off balance walkin Don't let your e-motions get involved talkin to the wrong culprit, the killer be the soft spoken So what's ya intentions, you want to glow for the moment? Throw on ya two pennys then you boltin I rock for the few chosen, who got they third minds open Write a page that'll engage war and encite fights Be on the look for the bright lights and North Winds The trumpets be the mics ya size malevolent You don't be long in my evesight, Pee's a powerful soldier of the light and things won't be the same The game's over Chorus [Ghostface] MC Ultra high-brolic bank roll alcahol vulture Garlic balls dice the shield of ocre Tally ho pitty-pat backgammon pro Pink salmon five spring rolls know me, you love my intro Half a face wig sewed together like Manhattan Chase Lookin like statue of praise, check behind the drapes Castor Troy layin for Travolta mic gun pump Layin on the floor Clark's bleedin watermelon chunks Hold up... sprinkle the hash, Tony Chapstick Snatch RZA last piece of fish right off the glass dish Butter roll beats bagel tracks wavey hair decks Lay it down straw hat style, Butterball crown Time life investments, when broke I wrote the old testament Crashed domes now perform excellence Words with the President, brunch with Yeltsin Gorbachev under Meth's nuts, he out in Belgium Six and a half monkeys, twelve nazis Four disappear, three eight two one flash to thin air God's replica no wheel drive motionless mind cresica Tilt the hat like Esther Chorus [Pete Rock] Aiyyo, I rumble into action, son I'm right on target Legendary status with the way the track started It's on, at any second with the high stakes Drama, the game's teeth sharp like pirahana There's a million style biters who try to create Make no mistake real niggaz challenge the fake Most valuable SP-1200 gold medals Rae Progidy Ghost rhyme professional The original, Pete Rock is like Soul on Ice Dynamite with the mic device Now roll the dic, for the game of death Snake eyes baby pah, the Boy Wonder's a threat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock Album: Soul Survivor Song: #1 Soul Brother Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash I travel the land with the SP in my hand Rock from New York, London and Japan It's time to take command expand to higher lands P.H. the next man not in da plans I'm dead serious like as in response I hit niggaz in the head P.R. the thoroughbred comes through intellectual I rap lyrical, always on da humble and sometimes I'm spiritual Hands down accept any mans challenge I strive and keep the competition off balance Da fruits of my talent is this it's simple I drop science on the instrumental I take seven ill drums put 'em in a line And add seven more snares to make it combine It'll take seven more horns before I start to rhyme Now that twenty-one beats made up at the same time I was bound ta shine haters get left behind Ain't no time for them, stamp my name on rap Perhaps you hear da words from pay next sequel Part two something for tha people I'm still number one Now I appear return ten years the pioneer Deliver action thrillers that explode in ya ear Compensate for all the ups and downs in my career Stop the small talk my focus remains clear Should have won a nobel prize for thoughts and ideas Critcally acclaimed while some of y'all cats in tha game for fame Fame lives in my name Pete Rock it's simple and plain Check it simply stressing it soon to start chin checking kids God protected, so I'm selected to orchestrate the next great And create, contemplate the world's fate P.R. the heavyweight Put these thoughts in ya mind while we on the topic You can tell I'm still on it by the way I rock it Full swing introduce the ninety-eight product Niggaz talk the gossip but they ain't got shit I'm number one This goes out to deejays and emcees Unlock real hip-hop, Rock holds the key Magnificient ya style is irrelavent I'll flip the bass and erase any trace of sample evidence Trust a few men within this circle of thieves Single out the enemy with ease Earned every stripe on my sleeve The five star general keep it moving ya rap needs improvement So here's a lesson ta learn, lyrics under fire burn third degree And my steez is making hot tracks for G's World famous, salute my capabilities with 21 guns and ammunition The SP runs 91 rounds precision on target with this rap bullet First string team in position The medal of honor hanging from my neck swinging I'm still number one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Lord Tariq and Peter Gunz Album: Soul Survivor Song: Rock Steady Part II Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Peter Gunz] I started with, 'The New York niggaz got crazy game' And drove the whole motherfucking world insane I been rolling with my man P.R. since the C.L.  This is my favorite rap producer nigga on the DL  From mount vern to bx flossin in the G.S.  Switchin lanes tossin made game to your bitch  Playing the averix? and the Pepe's No shirt on your girl sweat me and I'ma hit it if she let me I got my man Pete on the co and that's my dark side  For y'all niggaz that don't know the red bone player Niggas in the Bronx call me mayor  Maybe because they know I never pay her  Look in your girl phone book it leaves you speechless  Open my number - instead of Peter reads Peaches Can't be reached beacause I'm reachless none'll lease this  A fact that I'm black and breechless money peep this  Ya see even on my block I got to watch my back  Because certain sheisty motherfuckers know I'm rolling with Shaq  And plus I am tall and slim with the joker grin  I bet ya girl knows nigga who the fuck I am One two rock the house  Come on help me turn it out I'm getting down for mine so get down for yours  Sending this one out rock steady no doubt Repeat [Lord Tariq] Yo fuck whut them niggaz said there ain't no end to my road  Of yellow bricks being sold to keep me out of the cold And it's a pity my lingo causes quakes in New York City Many cases got acquitted cause my lawyer's far from shitty Henney rock sippin city block rippin through your vest  Guess who bring your best crew and your techs too  Cause i gets much liver Lord Tariq I'm one of the fiercest 85ers kicks no jiver  Because I am a survivor and my rhymes are legal tender  Giving your bitch ass something to remember So do not return to sender as you enter the Lord's house of prayer  Bow down and say it M.B.P. because I'm your Money Boss Player I got mad bonanza money marks franc and yen  Enough power to take your crew of soldiers flunk 'em in the end Who you is and where you been nigga frontin on the run  But it's done I call you son cause you act like one ... Whut Chorus 2x [Pete Rock] Aye yo world premier uptown in riot gear Hall of fame plus all-star game rap career  Got the golden gloves all my niggaz show love  It's Pete Rock y'all same as it ever was  In the Basement treats and prolific beats  Hardcore for the streets take no defeats  My state of the art I demonsrate with heart  Super rap heroes and legendary parks  We battle for a name graffiti tag the "a" train  Rock steady blood flows deep in the veins  So inject the dope inhale the smoke  Fine tune ya scope for the great black hope  Is back on the scene with the ill team  Open your eyes for hip hop's visine ... Clear va vision Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Kool G Rap, Large Professor Album: Soul Survivor Song: Truly Yours '98 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash This I dedicate to the girl I rate As a ten then again she was probably an eight Her ass was kinda phat so she moved me yo When I scoped out her mental was straight said let's roll Stared this shorty everynight and everyday On the rebound around left right and hey I'm a critical brother when it comes down to broads But this wop here is like the Grammy Awards Had style and grace and class a lot of taste On a slow dance we romance around my place Like a king from queens is how she made me feel And if I did dirt it was locked and sealed No doubt was all about me and my love thing If the phone called Paul I was lettin it ring Absolutely, she looped me the hook was good Niggaz buggin on me buggin in my neighbor hood Yeah boss, but on course is my game plan and Shorty wop keep me chillin with the name brand Kicks and whips, going all out chicks, flicks and tours Yeah you know who you is kid truly yours This I dedicate to the mixtapes I hate Exclusive shit it really holds no weight Put ya skills on the plate backspin to eighty-eight Now this I dedicate to a girl I hate Try to post fly with ya Mabeline eye Sportin DKNY working on ya alibi Immitation at best Miss American Express Dismiss the charge, Kool G Rap and Large Pro Here to let you know were not the mens I'm through with you but still talk ta ya friends Don't stop to say hi or even reply The position is filled with fresh new material Keep ya head up, catch some black cat luck Sped off in my truck not givin a fuck Lookin At My Front Door, it's locked and closed So I use the window for all you ninety-eight hoes Ave yo go head hood rat I can't see where ya any good at Put that trash back on tha rack You a put back a stripper Just like a chicken peckin wherever wood at You sewer rat better be careful where you step ya foot at You might get snapped, caught in the trap Sneekin bout a cheese stack so sewer that and ease back You fleece that it's G Rap many cats wanna be that Better believe that iced up, find me where it's below zero degrees at Skis at see the G stack puffin on scarface and garcia vegas G Rap and Pete Rock we bond papers Both of us together we bomb makers bottles of Dom breakers Many mansions on farm acres pushin porsches with four doors Diamonds with no flaws with the pretty mamas on beaches of bahama shores Pinky ring is like a stone age without the dinosaurs Comin from me G Rap yo, truly yours The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ BlackThought, Rob O Album: Soul Survivor Song: It's About That Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Over the globe again from the realm of illadelph The planet overwhelmed yo just brace yaself Ya wanna go against me first face yaself i pose threat To whoever within ya commonwealth the top ten I'm crushing ya crap concoction To the utmost examine this upclose it's shockin  Now mic droppin is only ya option Here come the spliff scientist in the flesh have you forgotten His excellency the most poetically inventive official hip hop shit That's ya incentive to cop this actual fact and not the likeness Cuz possibly clones 'd try to do it like this Fathom this lyrically fabulous vocabulist  Hold mic like four fifth and lick shot somewhat like pete Malik rock think not i don't smoke i just sleep drink and eat  Think pot and i want the top a vehicle that brakes  God i want the top a vehicle that brinks got composing  To the ink sock my hip hop is wild megawatts  Continue with forever exist and never stop Yo whut up whatever ock we can thicken tha plot because And it's time for that and it's about that time It's time for that and it's about that time Rob 0 it's time for that and it's about that time Pete Rock it's time for that and it's about that time Black Thought it's time for that and it's about that time [Rob O] I'm Rob 0 what, energize like a power plant blow speakers  Without an amp do things these wack rappers can't  And start again 33 rpm the hearts of men  Are cold like the steel i hold on microphones  Let my words express move men like chess  My mic will stand erect like projects  It's drastic top draft pick in this rap shit  You just a fraction caught up in tha midst of action  My catalog is current events breath the contents  What i move crowds for local events the show stopper  98 feature spot rocker rob odendo  Now every mc wanna mention me out of envy  Unofficially top of the charts i played my part  Held it down from the start you know the M.O. Yeah yeah Rob Odendo Chorus [Pete Rock] Yo it's the Capital P book rhymes of the century  Speak rap line essientially on tha M-I-C I hold the mic appliance like science  My competitors and clients worldwide as my words coincide  With real life think twice transmit like true lies It's televised take my manuscripts out of context  Who want next situation is complex Stop the nonsense it's 98 time to set the record straight  Separate movers and shakers from those that hesitate Ya featherweight name carry weight in every state Ya name brand no frills niggaz is marinate  It's pete rock new world innovator  Crush immitators five years since the creator It's nuff said as i paint the town red and move ahead Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ MC Eiht Album: Soul Survivor Song: One Life to Live Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Ten wars in the game no chains remains Quick to spit more shit than like 0 Dog and Kane Betty White taught a nigga no pain no gain So I grabs the mic and spit like I'm going insane Y'all better duck down protect ya chest with a vest Reminscing with a verse like Roxanne's yes You know my steez chester gets the cheese Try to find out who made the gun clap with a phone tap Soul Brother #1 beats weigh a ton From the west to the east now ya days is done Last to laugh last as we stash the cash Party til the sun come up then we smash Alright all night Flashlight nobody on that bullshit Keepin it tight ya heard me a Menace II Society But right now I'm on some who wanna get high with me We got one life to live til it's done Lets all get together and have some fun You got my back I got yours son It's the MC Eiht and Soul Brother #1 Loving the way it sounds already Eiht found the flow the soul brother's rock steady So brace ya self ain't having no fear As the planets revolve shift into high gear Move ahead of the pack living right and exact Peepin shorty in a dress for the way she was stacked But hold on the topic gotta say peace to all the brothers That lock it down for they town living the one life Guided and influenced by the one James Brown Godfather of Soul now let the horn blow Reflect to the days with me and Marley In Control Hip hop pays now it's back to the future With the twist of the dial Reloaded with my man from the menace file Reppin for the west so i takes a deep breath Exhaling on the track kid ... So fresh Chorus (2x) I heard music calms the savage beast To the G's in the clubs put away ya piece For the gun clap leaves nothing but the blood stain Sips on ya drink puffs on ya Mary Jane  Lots of Lovin this time bringing no pain Girls they love when a homie use his brain  Relax let your conscience be free And smoke blunts to tha sounds of the E and P What ya didn't know we shut shut Shut 'Em Down  To the east and west team coming straight to ya town  How ya like it but please dont be afraid of us Like me nigga busta these two is Dangerous  Can't hang with us too blind ta see Been puttin shit down since The P Was Free  I ain't mad at y'all don't be mad at me  I been just like y'all tryin to collect my fee Chorus (4x) Get down y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Carl McIntosh, Jane Eugene Album: Soul Survivor Song: Take Your Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Zone out now, one two, yo This goes out to all coasts East coast, West coast And all across the nation, worldwide Know what I mean? Relax, kick your feet up Spark one, let me show you how it's done Blow lady [Jane Eugene] Sunrise, starts the day Lay back, ease your pain Don't sweat, simple things Take your time, do your thing [Pete Rock] As grains of sand pass from hand to hand I watch time stand still I'm just one man That's out for all so all should be for one Grew up on the drum with the J.B. "Unh!" The son, who spun the record that his pop's collected Went on to create and perfect the unexpected Funky beat sound watch the family "Get down!" Slide with the right and give cousin a pound Watch the young ones play and think back in the day When fresh was the style, plus the word to say It's all love now, let me show you how to take time out, and show you what life's about Chorus: Jane Eugene and Carl McIntosh Take your time walk the line just a matter of time Take your time walk the line just a matter of time Take your time walk the line just a matter of time Wo oh just a mattter of time [Jane Eugene] Feel the flow, and let it go Unwind, relax your mind Stay a while, take your time Bet you'll find, peace of mind [Pete Rock] With a, douse of soul, I'm back in control My goal sees the world pass from young to old Unfold a new tale, see yourself on scale 2000 the year my black people prevail Yo straight up and down I got love for this son Nine years in the mix and if time permits I'll continue to make my melody for the tapes And walk the fine line between love and hate Chorus 4X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Vinia Mojica Album: Soul Survivor Song: Mind Blowin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Aiyyo, check this one out Somethin smooth Calm you down Check out the story Ya know what I mean? 1998 It's Vinia on the hook up Pete Rock Aiyyo, a type love story, with the guts and glory Yes a high priced shorty, dollar signs when you saw me Havin naughty intentions witcha Rear suspension, a star, the first convention Got the camera's attention, I mentioned no names I guess times changed from the subway trains to the first class planes, still the same type of freak in the penthouse suite, and rendezvous to meet I guess we goin Deep Cover you still got the hunger for the Chocolate Boy Wonder, back to the Days of Thunder Thighs and light eyes, caramel surprise Soft skin and healthy size, I'm just that type of guy Fly and cool, Ms. Jamaica at the pool Takin her to school, debate the golden rule Only fools fall fast, sellin out for the cash but this love's gotta last from the ash to the dust Build trust, beyond the lust, kick back and split a Dutch, chill out and tell tales and such You're mind blowin Chorus: Vinia Mojica Mind blowin, decision Causes head-on collision You know it and I know it That you need me, I want you [Pete Rock] Yo, a ghetto superstar, got a taste for caviar So far, you're up to par, with the luxury car The Lex or the Benz, connect with your friends Once again in the lens tryin to follow the trends From tens to hundreds, designer tight threads and strong black dreads, catch the "OOH" from the heads ("You see that dime kid?") Yo a med school grade, my pen still on the pad remembering, what we had, FUBU past the fad of Lugz and thugs Now we sip each other's wine on Persian rugs Givin love and backrubs in tubs with the bubbles, carefree from the struggle I like your new muscle, so appealing to my Hustle, to Knock It's the one and only Pete Rock Got a lock on this lady might even make a baby No time to act shady, it's strictly for the ladies Mind blowin Chorus [Pete Rock] Aiyyo, playin Trivial Pursuit, with lottery loot Feedin me grapes and fruit in your birthday suit Parachute over Paris, you way above average Type built for marriage, with twins in the carriage Thank Aladdin for the wish and deep fry fish There's no way we can miss (SWISH!) it's all good when we back in the hood, twistin trees with no wood When I was stressed out, you always understood To my legend, no question, you're the answer with the legs of a dancer, can't refuse a Jolly Rancher Born a Cancer zodiac, with features that attract Causin cardiac arrest, no stress, take my hands and caress your chest, sleep and dream about the rest When it comes to beauty girl it's no contest Grab ahold of yourself, and, open your eyes Get wise to my exercise and realize We got one life to live baby, just one We only got one life to breeze, see us live through our seeds Chorus (repeat to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ missjones Album: Soul Survivor Song: Soul Survivor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash From the basics and warm, weather places Dedicated to the brothers that never made it Cut short, they prime read life between the lines Photographed by rhymes yo it's hard times All across the nation cold points of frustration Created hot joints of illustration Concentrate while stakes are high falling victim to the lie Keep a sharp eye there's a steady supply of hate in the air To them cats who stare the ice grill with the glare But everything is fair in the city the sheisty the shiftee I'n the epitomee of a raw deal now carry a sword and shield And walk with a forcefield for real I overcame the odds And got the hell out of dodge Soul Survivor of the war And master in charge Everyday i see the same ol' things but my true and real live nigga keep on risin And it's a shame but business never changes and my crew knows what to do they're soul surviving And if I die... I watched the whole world from the side of my eye I seen a lot of cats die and evil men lie On the road to riches in pursuit of my wishes It's a close call between friends and snitches On the low the game brought moments of pain Strong emotions plus the hardships of fame No need to live forever just keep some type of cheddar A buttersoft leather to rock in cold weather Times are mad real official like the seal Try to understand what I feel My word to the wise it's where ya heart lies Keep your biz straight far from family ties I'm the illest soldier that represents the culture Dignified bywords like fresh, fly and ultra Champion heroics and passionate poets Flashback to the future let it self focus Everyday i see the same ol' things but beautiful black sisters keep risin And it's a shame but business never changes and my crew knows what to do they're soul surviving And if I die... Still in Basement for four years arranging Lyrics and beats my first lote engagement It's outstanding the boy wonder's back in the world By popular demanding on top commanding My own destiny go ahead try to test me I been living right so expect no less G Got positive reaction and affirmative action The Soul Survivor guaranteed satisfaction Everyday I see the same ol' things but my true and real live people keep on risin And it's a shame but business never changes and my crew knows what to do they're soul surviving And if I die... And if I die before I wake I pray Go god my soul to take My crew knows what to do they're soul surviving And if I die before I wake I pray to God my soul to take My crew knows what to do they're soul surviving The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ C.L. Smooth Album: Soul Survivor Song: Da Two Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Introducing C.L. then face defeats  then I remind you of third street when it was sweet See'd us move on and grow to another plateau with me and ....  Havin that dough In the last days when critical times are left to deal with my grand daddy's endeavors Whut corrected my errors the first shot came in 91  E.P. done my struggle To label this untouchable foundation due in 92 top ten review Respect new when that flew They Reminisce Over You Had marie too, sporting my Nike's at the door Paper saw the Main Ingredient L.P. in 94 Now it's me the bold coppin toys for dolo at ease he'd rather die at his feet than live on his knees Don't mistake the forest for trees Off course why try and climb a mountain A baby walk across in tha military mindset place ya bet Ya fumbled all those chicks with the bucks off safety Skirt chasin what they rate me in this whole rap affair  butwhen it really comes down to it who cares Like the tortiosse and the hare ya know the race I run but ya losin all the nights, let the rabbit get the gun Number one wit a bullet and pit named black It's the best that ever did it on a Pete Rock track Aye yo two cool cats who reclaim the name Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth in this here rap game But the good news is that there is a crew Not 5 not 4 not 3 da two In tha beginning let it be like the record spinning As a child I stack 45's in a pile blow the dust off put it on before I can walk Play static on my pop dukes automatic I knew I wasn't average music in my bloodstream My pops watch his son live his dream Now as time flew the original classy rock crew Shine through on streets and avenues The next chapter you read it MC Shan said it Got ta give the man behind wheels credit Yes yes y'all BLS and Marley Marl The Rap Attack put my talents on the map Now it's Pete Rock for days in tha Basement As I amaze watch me blow in 98 ways I specialize in rap DJ and produce wit more  Hot Tracks then Carlos DeJesus Chorus 2x What it look like ain't nothin changed but the weather Still riding with C.D.'s and leather roll fives and better For all that's folded in ya pocket how long it take to reup and clock it, drop and make a profit and lay my position with you that we know what to do And what not to do here's my crew now you get yours to bare witness It's nothing personal it's business That's my word which is my bond, behind writing ta step back and watch it all tighten stop this fighting each other God knowledge ya wis that ya know who the enemy is furthermore Don't hide it divide it then X ya squares to keep them other cats folded like beach chairs Got an eye on that street aristocrat Let C.L. show ya where the strengths at Turn it up right here or just call the cop  cuz we on it like this to tha last stop The next Humprhev Bogart mastering art  like a jeweler wit a diamond cutter, take'em apart Don't start whut ya can't finish when ya bubble wit skills that never diminish Ya best team against mine is a light scrimmage so play like popeye and eat spinach Chorus 2x The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Big Punisher, Common, Noreaga Album: Soul Survivor Song: Verbal Murder 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Big Pun] Yo, Terror Squad, Pete Rock collabo' From git-go, yo yo Aiyyo it's such a shame  all these dick riders tryin to corrupt the game But what it bring, nuttin but pain and one in your fuckin brain Ain't nuttin changed since the album I'm still whylin I'm still violent I've been waitin for this moment like Phil Collins, for all my life I've been trifer than trifer Hyper than hype, when fightin to fight It's like, tonight is the night And I ain't even tryin to let a nigga slide I've been dyin to get a gat I dared to try now prepare to die I rush your crib like Jehovah's Witness, blow up any soldiers, infants, hold up, did you notice my heroic entrance? I'm so relentless in this field of rap, everything is real in fact Fully backed by bullies who be peelin caps I sack the rapper like li-nebacker, play my rhyme backwards you can hear the Devil speak his mind with fine graphics Things get drastic, Express for my plastic I pack clips, between my nuts and my fat dick Chorus: Pete Rock Grab ahold cause you never heard a verbal murder like this Cash comes before soul, so watch your shit Every cat wanna be enormous Plottin on the next one Murder one	(repeat 2X) [Noreaga] Aiyyo my whole circle, make you feel it like The Color Purple My niggaz comin through and still hurt you Wipe y'all Kleenex cats who stay full of germs We hit Fifth Ave, while y'all still hit Stern's Don't really care bout y'all, really hear bout y'all Yo on our side we do our thing, play the cut let the phone ring, Pete Rock connect team From M-V to L-C, my thugs straight thuggin it Snatchin niggaz out of the booth, unpluggin it Strange Fruit, my niggaz live to shoot Yo it's a strange thing, a nigga never had a suit Yo so bust what happen, remember the unknown's a clap-man Cat stackin, move out the hood that's in Manhattan Got big headed, misleaded, then dreaded Yo the beef deaded, his whole squad afraid to set it Yo I heard son, son is rockin iceberg Dunn Got up out the hood, wouldn't believe that, this cat would Head mad swollen, flamboyant this man golden Yo the Senator, crime sinister, John Dillinger Better respect my words or I'm the minister What?? "Verbally I catch bodies" "Let's seperate the men from the boys" -> Guru "Verbal attack" -> Cappadon "Big Pun" -> Punisher, "Noreaga" -> Nore, "Pete Rock" "Common s-s-s-sSense" -> Com [Common] Yo, we just begun the story, Com Pun and Nore Look to the sun for glory as time runs before me I'm after the day of judgment I'm still before the jury, explainin why I was in a gun orgy He was FUCKIN wit me, I ain't no duckin emcee With the knowledge there's a little thug blood in me This stud bumped into me, beef it was fin' to be My Appetite for Destruction is finnicky He was an industry type, influenced by magazines and snipes Rocked Adidas but he had no stripes I could tell in high school that he had no fights Hold dick better than he hold mics, he spiked his punchlines with current events, called for backup like one time when he heard it was Sense that deliver words with intents to kill Whether the hip-hop type, country rapper, or big wheel I peeled some raps back, that peeled his cap back Fucker thought I was Abstract, now his life is backtracked In the center of the party his crew identified the body Left him signin the wait-list sayin, "I can't take this fake shit" (echoes) Yo.. Yo! Big Pun, Noreaga, Com Sense for the nine eight Get it straight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Tragedy, Cappadonna, Sticky Fingaz Album: Soul Survivor Song: Strange Fruit Typed by: WalterJ456@aol.com [Tragedy Khadafi] Subliminal thug-ism Rap mysticism For all my niggas locked with life in state prison We combinate, like dime piece and sperm jizm Queens niggas going to trial, just sit and listen Fake crooks come in all types of categories Beat you in the head with lies and war stories Claiming that they name ring bells in territories With Fat Cat, Al Capone, Scarface Meanwhile they going to trial for rape case You weak, I punch you in face, cut your face You halfway, wanna-be thug, stay snitchin' Latin King, surgery-type with face stichin' The house game? missle style? play in the kitchen Allow me a god for real, Sallah position Performers, weak convicts you shouldn't fool wit They foul, snitchin' on the niggas they went to school wit But now, you catch them in the club on some smooth shit shuh-poww!! blow'em out the frame on some prove shit I'm not the type of cat you wanna fool wit It's strange fruit... Chorus [Tragedy Khadafi] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Pete Rock] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Tragedy Khadafi] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Pete Rock] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Cappadonna] A yo, the world plant seeds in my mind, then it's dart time They used to be crime, scary hours, robberies, and big chrome nines In Park Hill, when the cameras don't never be off I live inside the TV, these words is hot sauce Put your mind back together, Killa Bees of course Church in the studio life you can't abort Pete Rock and Don make the world pay child support You under arrest for giving out stress, i'm not settling for less Each bags?, Midtown, in the wild, wild west Representin some deep impact Aluminum Wu bat, I got it like dat, slang combat I plant two seeds in your head, kid stand back... [Pete Rock] What, What, What... The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Tragedy Khadafi] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Pete Rock] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Tragedy Khadafi] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Sticky Fingaz] Nigga you know better I blow three thru ya ? sweater Fuck what you think I'm bustin you blink Nigga see me in the club, start ducking and tucking they link Like I resorted to robbing niggas for table scraps In the hood we do away with cats And in the river with throw away the gats Everywhere i go turn crime scene Knowhatimean?#!? Don't make me trip, make me flip Be so much bloodshed, you think i'm a Crip Even before I signed the contract, always was respected Couldn't give a fuck if a sold another record I ain't in it for the cream As wild as it seem Battle me and win? hahahah!!!! not in your dreams!! I'm still a young nigga Straight up dumb nigga For no apparent reason, pull out the gun nigga It's not the drugs nigga I just a thug nigga So whatcha wanna swallow, Your pride or your blood nigga??!!?? Chorus [Tragedy Khadafi] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Pete Rock] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Tragedy Khadafi] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth [Pete Rock] The world plant seeds in my mind, strange fruit Survivalist, basing my life on rap loot, it's the truth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Beenie Man, Heavy D Album: Soul Survivor Song: Massive (Hold Tight) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] Well right about now yuh entertained by di sound called Creation Disco Tech Yes bredda bredda cool runnings now! [Heavy D] Ha ha! Hear dat! Yeah! Uh! Now in comes, wid di part two sounds wid di man like Heavy D come to bounce and go down Well well now mi have to get di crown have to get di crown Pete! Rock! So it go! WATCH IT!!! [Verse One: Heavy D] Water, new name, same nigga, Hev Digga Steady spittin phlegm, on them boot camp figure Trust me, hate to look since the luchi, believe me Keep 'em fondlin they coochie, everytime they see me I sip Henny, so I piss Henny, with the Coke back and lemon twist Ambidextrous, when it comes to ice on my wrist Diamonds, I like dem  Rings plati-num, cousin been had dem So bring ya whole crew star mi nuh 'fraid a dem Ugly gal CHO! We nuh waan none a dem So bring ya whole crew star mi nuh 'fraid a dem Ugly gal CHO! We nuh waan none a dem, hear mi friend, yea! [Chorus: Beenie Man] Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem come tell we a di gal dem man Heavy D, Pete Rock and Beenie Man Three a we together come fi rule di station [Verse Two: Beenie Man] Well after all, siddung in mi yard I get this big phone call Heavy D call mi fi go ram a dancehall When mi reach upon di scene mi see every man a ball Woman throw dem out cau it a girl roll call Woman all stand up pon di wall After dat, would not believe it it's a girl's sunsplash How Jamaican and New York girl dem so hot Woman weh maaga, woman weh fat Di whole a dem a jump pon mi back Just realized, this is di remedy doctor prescribed Woman now a cool seh she waan di ruff ride Waan Heavy D weh have di big van a drive Loud music come fi mek noise...but! HEY HEY HEY HEY!!!! [Bridge] Well right about now yuh entertained by di sound called Creation Disco Tech Yes bredda bredda cool runnings now! [Chorus: Beenie Man] Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem come tell we a di gal dem man Heavy D, Pete Rock and Beenie Man Three a we together come fi rule di station Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem come tell we a di gal dem man Listen this yah DJ siddung pon di versiiiiiioooooonnnnnn!!! [Verse Three: Heavy D] It's like lightnin and thunda yu haffi wonda why Weh di rasclaat mek Heavy D so fly Coulda walk when yu drop yu coulda climb to di sky But yu haffi know there's only one I An I Nuff man a puff sensi and get high Nuff gal see mi, drop dead and waan cry Yu know seh Daddy Heavy fly God dat nuh lie Anyting mi dun mi haffi dun it 'til mi die Oh my! Mi seh oh my oh my Gal dem love mi cau mi fly Love mi and mi don't know why, yes, lawd mi seh Oh my! Oh my oh my! Nuff gal love mi 'til dem cry, dem don't waan Heavy D to die I an I so fly, dat's right [Outro: Heavy D] Dat's right, Yeah! Pete Rock! Yeah! Yeah! Daddy Heavy! Yeah! Yeah! A so it go! Yeah! Wah! All Jamaicans All Haitians! Puerto Ricans! Every can! African! Every woman! Every man! Mi love yu love yu love yu like love cooked food Hi! Goodbye! Goodbye! [Beenie Man] Dem! Bwoy! Gal! Dem! Bwoy! Gal! (Dem bwoy gal) Dem! Bwoy! Gal! (Dem bwoy gal) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Black Ice Album: Soul Survivor II Song: Truth Is Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Black Ice] Hey yo When you look at me and my brothers what's your first impression Does the sight of us leave you guessin or do you understand the stressin The aggression, the look of no hope on me and my niggaz faces Like the lord overlooked us when he handed down his graces You see embraces, fall short on the numb tips of street entrepeneur fingers Still stuck in the walls of the project halls where the coke smell still lingers External blingers is all we can be cause on the inside we been given nothin to shine on And a record deal's harder to get than coke, so my niggaz get they grind on Cause the TV tells us, aim high nigga, make all goals lateral But see that takes paper that we don't have so, niggaz put they souls up as collateral Now, some niggaz reclaim 'em, some blame 'em, make an excuse to sell 'em But when a nigga goes from not doin to doin, what can you tell him? Not to be a nigga? Shit I gots to be a nigga, that's how I pay the bills And I'ma do that whether I got to sling this coke or exploit these rhyme skills See America makes you an opportunist, and at the same time they institutionalize you So the fact that niggaz get, big record deals big money and go to jail shouldn't surprise you That's what lies do, you see most of these guys do have raw talent just an infinitile education So the business feed you all the weed and ecstasy and a little bit of paper to provide some pacification from all the bullshit frustration they serve you Meanwhile they corrupt your perception of what the real is See they takin all our businessmen, and givin 'em the mindsets of drug dealers Took all our messengers, made 'em rappers just flappin they jaws afraid to admit their treason Took all our soldiers for the cause, made 'em killers for no reason And bein fucked up, well that's in this season So, if you're negative you're positive, and if you're positive you're called a hater But I maintain control of my soul cause I know it gets greater later And I told y'all the last show shit, a nigga no hater, I just know what the truth is Been intertwined in this puddin for 'bout a year now so I know where the proof is See, it lines these midtown Manhattan skyscrapers where former hustlers like myself sign papers and pull off fucked capers like, 16 infamous stars of the time They got us choppin and, baggin and servin that shit to niggaz 16 bars at a time now The crime is undetectable by the feds cause in heads of our kids is where the track is And music is potent it's straight to the soul so it's much more addictive than crack is Now, the high is just an illusion all lies and confusion But to feel that rush just once, my young bucks'll go through it So in essence, they still floodin the streets with the thugs, drugs and the killing They just usin these record labels to do it Takin our hearts off demos, puttin us in limos tryin to fuck up divine direction But, young black men have been trained to chase money and pussy, so we fall victim to our own erection And begin to convince ourselves we're on our way somewhere where we're not goin But ignorance is bliss and niggaz love this so, niggaz take pride in not knowin We not growin, nigga I give a fuck how slick you flowin if you ain't showin nuttin to these kids or addin nuttin positive to the earth Black Ice been destined to touch the world ever since I was born To be real, fuck a record deal, God gives me what I'm worth "Soul Survivor" nigga {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Kardinal Offishall Album: Soul Survivor II Song: We Good Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Kardinal] Yeah, I see you P'Rrahh It's Mr. Kardinal, we good Worry about us, it's Kardinal Offishall Knahmean, circle niggaz in dis Y'knahmean, straight from T Dot Linked up with the grand master of the beats, P'Rrrah It's the Pete Rock, y-yeah, NY to T Dot C'mon - yeah, raisin my fist is like the bat sign, bringin out lyricists I attract heat, I be the under overground Microphone magician, subteranean, unindentified sky-toucher, maneuver the machines And rip apart MC's and hang 'em from the seams (yeah) Large nigga seem scary, out in the hood Shootin tic-tac-toe in your Burberry For generations, a cold verse killer's been chillin out Waitin in the cut, spillin out Hot shit, yeah they feelin me now, cause I linked with Pete The best at it since Nas and "Illmatic" Respect is automatic, got it, well hold it A lot of MC's will need it to pay they rent, sewed it And eventually fold it (uh-huh) check my resume I'm like H&R Block when I rock Y'all niggaz get the greatest return, plus a 3rd degree burn when I earn airtime like H. Stern Kardinal's like a 20 carat diamond Up in the rough dust, New York check the shinin I'm intertwinin, line for line combinin with Mr. Rock rhymin, flowin on time and Stop your whinin, y'all couldn't let go since I flowed over the remix of "Grindin'" [Chorus: Kardinal] We good (we good) don't worry 'bout us, nigga we good Kardinal and Pete Rock crank up in the hood When I'm in the USA, they say "yes DJ" When Pete's in the blend they say "my nigga come again" We good (we good) don't worry 'bout us, nigga we good Kardinal and Pete Rock crank up in the hood When I'm in J.A. they say "yes DJ" When I'm in the C-A-N they say "my nigga come again" [Kardinal] Yeah what makes the best rapper, ice on the wrist? Ice on the chain? Ice in the bucket with the Crist'? Ice grill, iced down, ice inside my frown Ice start sparklin on the spaghetti strap gown (HU!) Kardinal, nickname No Gimmicks Still the nigga to get up in it, rip the place down Rock a wife beater, show off my belly when I'm ready The type to drive around on bootleg Pirellis MC's gettin stuck like clubgoers in Chi-Town Rip any prick from Brixton to my town The T Dot, yeah you know me Bringin back the bad bwoy style, yeah ya owe me Gun finger in da air, shootin blanks Thinkin bout the day I can live next to Phil Banks 'Til then, my circle niggaz straight out the hood Don't worry 'bout us, nigga we good We good (we good) don't worry 'bout us, nigga we good Kardinal and Pete Rock crank up in the hood When I'm in J.A. they say "yes DJ" When I'm in Brixton they say "my nigga come again" [Kardinal] Yo yo, protect your +Head & Shoulders+ when the Kardinal bust Boy I take care of two in one shot like +Pert Plus+ Buck buck! Niggaz get dumb live on acetate Massacre masses of MC's on mixtapes (yup) Street cats get taken out with street raps Live from the streets where peeps meet to see a weak nigga see defeat Y'know, take a week to look back And reflect on how you can't spit when Kardinal speak Unique like o-ccasional crackheads Monster talk to settin off a gourmet verse like rice pilaf (Fuck off!) I'm great Save the petty black trash talkin for Ricky Lake We good (we good) don't worry 'bout us, nigga we good Kardinal and Pete Rock crank up in the hood When I'm in the USA, they say "yes DJ" When I'm in the C-A-N they say "my nigga come again" We good (we good) don't worry 'bout us, nigga we good Kardinal and Pete Rock crank up in the hood When I'm in J.A. they say "yes DJ" When Pete's in the blend they say "my nigga come again" We good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Pharoahe Monch Album: Soul Survivor 2 Song: Just Do It Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook 1: Pharoahe Monch (Pete Rock)] (Yeah), uhh, (uhh), yes Yes, uhh, come on, (do it), yeah, uhh You want that iced out watch don't ya (right) You want a brand new glock don't ya (right) You want to hold the block down for ya mens locked down Till they get back home, Just Do It (Just Do It) You want to start the revolution right (right) You wanna burn the constitution right (right) You want a solution for wack motherfuckers on the mic Anyday all day, Just Do It, (just do it), just do it (Live long, stay strong, just do it) [Verse 1: Pharoahe Monch] I get attacked by a wack marine rap machine Or some brilliant current team seem when I dream Fuck those individually iMac's on wide screen Space shit from the basement like ?fyleens?, I mean For real dog how you fuckin' with my team We gleam shine like 7-45 high beam You seem fine like menage a trois the fly scenes Like you wait the sirenes and then I scheme to see Niggaz online for coke and do line Make a thousand a line man I ain't lyin' That's sixteen g's a verse without tryin' If you fail mathematics than press rewind Please, do not get it twisted like rubic Got emcees runnin' back for their teams like Mike Ruic You wanna obtain things pursue it For in the game remain strong and just do it [Hook 2: Pete Rock] Just do it anyway you pursue it Pete Rock Pharoahe Monch can't be touched along (Just do it,) just do it cause we roll right through it Show love how we do this move back and pursue it kid (Come on just do it,) just do it cause the street music Come on bounce to it your body's movin' (Just do it,) just do it cause there's nothing else to it Live long stay strong, just do it [Verse 2: Pharoahe Monch (singin till -)] In this world today, too many people tryin' to maintain We gon' take the liberty to explain something to you Ain't nothing to it, your dreams just pursue it Lord lord lord lord come on just - Brace yourself for the awesome in wear Pete Rock, Pharoahe in your atmos.. I'ma survive the desert of Queens like cactus Maxin' in the cut with a vaccin for wackness Why I react tactical flows with rap madness My weaponry is definitely not average Put a astrofist by my name for bein' passive The bassist in the game should've been got they ass kicked On the Pete Rock tip, we hit the streets Like we rock classic Pete Rock funk or then the jazz shit It's digitally remastered Critically acclaimed black funk soul from the past hits Pete's my numero uno soul a mano I'm mister Jameson I set it off like Serreano With the disco fluid from Queens to Frisco Set it off, just do it [Hook 1] [Hook 2] [Outro: Pete Rock] Just do it, yeah, Pete Rock, 2003 come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Little Brother Album: Soul Survivor 2 Song: Give it to Ya Typed by: sheishiphop@hotmail.com the joy of children laughing, these are the makings 1..2..its like this..Little Brother, Pete Rock, another sure shot, another banger soul survivor, Part 2for me and you, lets get it. (chorus) I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby (verse one) Master of ceremony Controlled territory It's tay, the mad journalist always trying to write a better story And laying tracks cause it's better for me Calm but predatory, sun niggaz even when the weathers stormy My crew is down to do whatever for me Got my back like scoliosis when I'm handling mine Find it hard though to manage my time Between the gaming and rhymes, without severing my family ties But yo! That's what happens when the world is loving you Groupies skipping pills with ill plans of fucking you A high price for fame that is non-refundable All in the hopes of one day coming out with a double-u I know it sound crazy right? Even though it's hard sometimes I still got to stay in the mix It's Pete Rock on the snair drums and laying the kicks And on the real I wouldn't trade it for shit Let's get it up right now, come on (chorus) I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby Little brother you controlling it now (verse two)  I got the magna rocks Still heating up the spot P.R. and L.B. got that shit for blocks HIP-HOP when we walk HIP-HOP when we talk You can hear it our slang, and see the New York We bought back 94 when the music was pure Everybody made jams 93' and before Hearing Illmatic first on the trip to the store Lost my mind but I knew it was that we had to work toward ForwardOn we move now, my life is the roof Putting the pen to the pad when it's time to spread news Daily digesting some more wack shit Mother-fuckers better stick to the script We need you back Jay Yall dudes know now we not for play You want it funky come around my way (For Real) You can choose to rock or choose to roll I chose Pete cause he got the soulyea lets get it going ya'll (chorus) I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby (verse three) King cobra rapper crew Ill Cap-i-tan, never roll a foot soilder We push over you pushovers Lil pussies need to douche over Mass and Gills, scott hare will make em' gush over Pussy and poetry two things that's good for ya We rock hard just like the hood told us That fake shit I never could show you We ought to keep it true and authentic In they videos trying to walk wit it L.B. put the street talk in it From right now till the day that we forfeit it Just making sure that yall get it in time to put my heart in it Little Brother crushing all gimmicks, like what (chorus) I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby I wanna rock with you So get on the floor with me I wanna give it to ya baby Repeat till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Postaboy Album: Soul Survivor II Song: It's the Postaboy Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Postaboy] Uh, yeah, yeah Harlem, Postaboy, let's go Harlem, PB, Pete Rock, woo woo Uhh, let's go I'ma show you how we get down like, with this pound like Since I'm in a Caddy P this what it sound like Uhh, yeah this what you clowns like And since you're on my dick nigga this what uptown like Geah, I'm on top of my A game Blew two hundred thou', got it back on the haste gang Posta back in the building The 106 hall of famer t-shirt is back in the ceiling I'm a new artist but it's like I'm platinum plus E'ry day, spend superstar rapper bucks Go to the dealer, cop trucks after trucks High as a kite, rollin dutch after dutch Honey leavin the scene with me Now she wanna get a room, but at 119 with me Lowrider jeans, fanny pokin out the pants Do the snake, the wop and the uh-oh dance, ohh! Make way it's the Postaboy Yeah the Postaboy, with the Wonder Boy We got the ladies in the club makin all that noise Winning Team outside, you don't see our toys (woo woo) Make way it's the Postaboy Yeah the Postaboy, with the Wonder Boy They got the ladies in the crowd makin all that noise Beep beep, I'm a boss, I don't drive my toys [Postaboy] You can find me uptown, uptown, low in cement B's Rollin up in the club like the {?} I don't know why you hate me, I'm tryin to date me a hot mami like Tammy at AE Jump, I say that I'm focused And just how thirsty all these hoes is Wide door knockers with the rings in they noses I J, then they knockin at my door like Jehovahs I start checkin my peep mo' I come from Harlem, the home of the hustler negroes Like, R.P., Alpo Jim Ice, Nicky Barnes, and my nigga Bumpy John All I need is a pair of my Pro*Keds Half moon part and a two-wheel moped Quarter water, Jimmy Chu's for my honey It's the Postaboy, Winning Team, good money [Postaboy] I said throw yo' lighters in the motherfuckin urr The roof on fire and not a muh'fucker curr There's so many bunnies and I'm seein over her Every time I turn around, couple durr, couple durr Hey! I'm mean mixin my two-step Now little birdie wanna call me Hugh Hef' Pimp so hard 'til there ain't no juice left I been around the world, I done toured the U.S. Here we go, c'mon Now here we go, c'mon Now here we go, c'mon Now here we go, c'mon Yeah! [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Soul Survivor 2 Song: It's a Love Thing Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Verse 1: C.L. Smooth] You're beautiful, the way you wear that, share that Have many ladies, but nothing can compare to that smile That style that drives men wild That ring could have Big Daddy walkin' down the isle Proper you a show stopper, girl endure dropper I can see me leavin' Suze and bring it home to mama What you lookin at is pure bred stallion I'm slayin' it you really care to know whose jay in it Oh how lucky are we catch you comin' out the shower And I'm right there to wipe down your body Spread that scented lotion all around your curves Anything you want, all she deserves Baby calm your nerves make this work Only thing in life you fear is being hurt Here to protect thought otherwise I'm here to correct you can trust me [Verse 2: C.L. Smooth] You and I now that's a hot couple When it's off in the same club Now you askin' for nothing but trouble Watch you jumpin' at the Red Labels Got my woman and her girlfriends dancin' on the tables Shut down the joint, me I'm just laidback and all Surrounded by the gangsters puffin' on the cigar Badder chick in the world keep niggaz cranked Yes the hottest chick on the planet keep a nigga ranked The question is can you top that homie You can probably pull something close but stop that homie Not even, could have that even if I stopped breathin' Don't hope for that my ghost will be pokin' the steel Read my will my boys get it all no gimmicks But I'm here to let you know my jump off is off limits Life and love get made for a thug Once I settled in you made me a gentleman [Verse 3: C.L. Smooth] Tot game is crazy diamonds off the lettle Travel through these ghettos drop to top Let 'em see what I'm workin' with came to win How the don keeps the fun to blow in the wind World war is magnetic that attracts loot She look Wall Street briefcase, pen strife suit The hair rub in a bun, spectacles on her nose Any deal she makes, my business grows They say a woman's never satisfied Till she have me to fill it to her heart's content It's my blessing, God gave you to me And words can't describe, what you do for me Your C.L. is, love me or love me not But no-one can match this chemistry we got Why they all fall, you C.L.'s wive Cause all we got is eachother a bond for life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Skillz Album: Soul Survivor II Song: One MC One DJ Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash One two, one two I'd like to (what) introduce myself You know who it is - it's Skillz We, are, hip, hop Uhh, uhh, let's go, c'mon [Skillz] Yo, they say I'm too cocky when I'm rappin I say that I say what I say just so I can see they reaction And my response when they askin - shut the fuck up nigga! I wrote your record, I'm the reason you braggin Y'all dudes not thugs, you 8 deep in the Coupe That's not gangsta, that's a movin group hug I can not be seen - I got a team that'll spit bars and leave SARS on your pap screen If it's the best then I'm above it To spit game sick trick, it's no wonder y'all love it You ain't even seen the best of it (nope) Don't play wit'cha life nigga cause I'll add a -less at the end of it Sell lives and y'all lie to sell Without lies, your whole album would be borin as hell I don't fail, dimes I bag and bail And I done ran through more checks than Frank Avedale [Chorus: Pete Rock] Yo, this goes out to DJ's and MC's Unlock real hip-hop, Rock holds the key Magnificent, Skillz on the mic sound tight Gotta, hit the stage then release the rage New York to VA we crash the gate Pete Rock and Mad Skillz collaborate [Skillz] Uhh, yo, yo Cats, say I ain't mad, but I'm master menace And y'all dudes will not eat until we get finished And when that happens it's too late (uhh) cause after that I'ma snatch your meal and then break the plate I'm sick of hearin how y'all spit it Hit send after you say your verse nigga, cause I don't get it Outflowin these pros is gettin old I'd swear I was in a marathon with some five-year-olds What's bad for y'all, is that we won't stop With that VA swingin that Mount Vernon knock And when it hit the block it's called instant heat Aiyyo Pete we done stumbled on a masterpiece! It's called "One MC, and One DJ" It's a match made in heaven like Snoop and Dre And we, here to stay so y'all better get it right We the future like LeBron, y'all the past like Mike [Skillz] Uhh, yo, yo Now who you know that wanna fuck with Skillz? You better rethink your answer nigga and get real If you think you can outstick me then your boy I'll bet Cause I ain't met a motherfucker who can do that yet Who came out - and put VA on the map (you) Who still make jaws hit the floor when he rap Y'all better switch occupations.. I'm the last nigga to spit acapella and get a standing ovation On the real, who gon' stop me? Plus I'm on MTV now, so I done got real cocky On some rock star shit, go it alone Pick a rollin stone and I ain't even holdin the chrome Leave the soldier alone, huh - don't get mad at your chick if you see my pic when you unfoldin her phone On the real, y'all know how Skillz get down He say what he feel and he don't give a fuck who's around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Krumbsnatcha Album: Soul Survivor II Song: Beef Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Chorus: repeat 2X] Y'all don't want, beef No y'all don't want, that Get caught up in these streets Get shot up by them heats [Krumbsnatcha] Word to my cousin, the truth and no lie Me and my dawg was in his brand new Land, puffin on lye Tameka came by, glossy-eyed as she cried Lil' Jay got sprayed with a chrome four-five That's my motherfuckin man, get in the Land Head to the rest, grab vests, switch whips to the Caravan I heard an ambulance right up the block Plus more shots, the shit's gettin hot, pull up and park by the back, pass the gat, hit the lights and lay back Hold up, now roll up, yo where them niggaz at? I know one of them cats from the projects with Jay The first nigga move I'ma pull this gun, spray No de-lay, we stay night to fuckin dawn It's on, my head spinnin, feelin my cheeks get warm Tears drip as I stepped out the whip Slipped a clip, had to get hit, uh-uh that's that bullshit [Krumbsnatcha] Yo I can't believe my man since 3rd grade got sprayed Bullet laced as he laid, chokin up blood with no aid Made money for the purpose of his daughter Victim of an unmerciful slaughter - explain harder or don't bother, I'ma heat yo' ass like lava Identified was that tinted gray Chevy Impala Fleein the scene, as the back tires screamed Now for them my man {?}, ruined his whole dream of playin ball pro, bitch that's how it go You let me know, I'll hit your whole fuckin team with the metal Mental struggle got my hand under the bubble Tryin to blow steam and leave the scene blood puddles Snakes (whattup nigga?) These niggaz ain't explainin (Well fuck it then) It's time for some gestratin Hit him in the worthless shell he came in Murder is a sin, but it's worse him dyin on revenge And I ain't havin it [Krumbsnatcha] I ain't havin it, reached in the bubble and grabbed it Automatic cocked back and squeezed through his Polo fabric Nigga duckin and runnin, irrationally gunnin Thinkin to myself, do I gotta hit someone Then I heard shots from a back route Fired back out, got shot, dropped and blacked out Put in a clap out, didn't map out or act out the plans Now I'm consciously layin while bullets is sprayin the Caravan We can't lose, I hear shotguns then 22's Left arm booze, or blood soaked through my Adidas shoes Heavy breathin, a lot of bleedin Bitches screamin, put over on my good shoulder, started squeezin out the back window, she gave the wrong info Suddenly crashed into a Pinto Hopped out, flew through the back yard, word to God It's on and I felt the gat slip through my palm Kept runnin, hopped the fence, hopin that I didn't leave prints Spotted a black Ac' parked with dark tints Broke the passenger's side, hotwired the wide and slide Another unsolved homicide The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Leela James Album: Soul Survivor II Song: No Tears Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Leela James] Had things on my mind I tried to get by Things ain't goin right Workin day and night Gon' keep on movin on Cause a new day gon' come Gotta hold on Cause it won't be very long [Chorus: Leela James] We'll be alright (in the morning) no tears to dry (struggle comin) Hold your head high (I know) ooh bye and bye (it won't be long) We'll be alright (in the morning) no tears to dry (struggle comin) Hold your head high (I know) ooh bye and bye (early morning) [Leela James] Feels like {?} You know that's a crime Too much on my side Somebody tell me why Well my brother stay strong Sister hold on Cause a new day gon' come And it won't be very long Won't be very long It won't be very long It won't be very long It won't be very long [Chorus] - 2X [Leela James] It won't be long, no I said it won't be long So don't you worry Don't worry, worry Cause struggle don't last always No no no no Joy come in the morning [Chorus] - 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ GZA, RZA Album: Soul Survivor II Song: Head Rush (More Base) Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: RZA] Yo... before the Greeks and the creeks.. It's an old Pete Rock classic, nigga, yo [RZA] Before the Greeks and the creeks, before you can stand Before your hands and your feet, from a band or a beat We would stand on the street, with our hands on our heat Twelve grams, twelve feet away, balled up in a sheet Of Reynold's wrap, one smack, leave's your dentals back Your voice get quiet like the voice in the instrumental track Slick from the lip lisp, son, sip the citrus My voice unfolds, with the soul of The Whispers On the block, we rock loud like The Pistols Up in the crib, my wiz drinkin' a Harvey's Bristol Natural flavor, yours be artificial I blow holes in skin, like big nose through snotty tissue They go berserk, when the dollar dollar bill is on The thrill is gone... upgrade to the silicone That's birth of four billion, eight hundred milli-on It's not official until I smack the W, silly on From the valleys of Ohio, to the sounds of Cairo Still hit, like the whirlwind kick of Ryu Zig-Zag-Zig Allah, still puzzled like the jigsaw You renig', you get jinxed, pa, Pete Rock exclusive.. [GZA] We boat guard the road, like trucks on the turnpike Smoke by the load, just to see what it burns like Architectural design, intellectual rhyme Official stripe, movin' on a diagonal line With thugs trapped, scholars they want the books back The piece, they turn us off, the moment they look back The castling position, made weak by a wind calm Knights lose armor from the pressure, we bring on And fire all these shots in the rhymes with mad flames Kept the cramp game, and he posted on bad squares The king's the kick, the queen's the snare The bass are minor pieces that move in a pair Quick to break through, an un-parallel opponent I do it on the regular, at any given moment Check the venue, those to make the saga continue Before you check the credits, the swords is all in you It's real... it's real... it's real... it's real... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth f/ Talib Kweli Album: Soul Survivor 2 Song: Fly Till I Die Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Talib Kweli] It's Talib Kweli in the place to be Brooklyn Most definitely yaknowhatImsayin Mount Vernon And Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth (true) the brothers who brought ya Escapism, Return Of The Mecca, Straighten It Out, The Creators Yeah right about now we about to make history [Verse 1: Talib Kweli] The track make you nod like smack through the needle Niggaz don't sell crack is they evil America's build on the backs of my people Cats say they packin' the heat but they actin' like Chino Cause when it's time to bounce it back they fall back in the field though I went from crashin' the beat in the passenger seat Drivin' like many straight trees don't even mix coke with the henney Flow with so many styles ladies open all night like Denis 24 hours party people soakin' in the Remy and Cris' The video is directed by Benny and Chris Treat a pager like a website with plenty of hits I tell 'em this: you gotta be at least a dime for a piece of mind I deal with porters and keys just like the leachious mind I like mature girls just now reachin' they prime Know how to conversate to the man and don't eat no swine If you ready to roll than we can rock shit My niggaz so cold we hot [Chorus: C.L. Smooth] Pete Rock murderville keep the joint on smash See the don come through enough bray that cash Talib Kweli he can speak to the mass Why the great minds think alike cause we keepin' it fly See we keepin' it fly till the day I die, and you can't deny Son we keepin' it fly how we keepin' this fly Better master your eye cause we keepin' it fly Bring it back to life [Verse 2: Talib Kweli] Psychedelic we sell it and niggaz jealous fellows Go get your hate up get your weight up I'm tellin' you straight up You need to turn that frown upside down you use less muscles The smile is easier than it sound, it's true Lookin' all crooked I be tellin' these dudes They should Straighten It Out on a Pete Rock track like C.L. Smooth See we livin' in the Matrix way before the movie Kids fiend before the camera screaming; just shoot me Now they scream a million miles away from the sun But you still feel the heat when we packed us the way of the gun Like tape digs raise kids to escape the slave ships Instead they wanna pump weights not the state Better exercise take from work the rest get left inside And whips chicks and kicks money we specialize I be the respirator so hip hop is kept alive So many niggaz buggin' me I need a fuckin' pesticide [Verse 3: Talib Kweli] You put light back to life cause these rappers ain't actin' right Thinkin' they cut like Mack the knife, rap the fight Battle right through the afterlife Cause when you die make you look way past the life And high sight I drop the type of rhyme To give the blind sight, sparkle a shine bright like lemonlime Sprite up in the limelight, yeah As we still at the track you feel it when the chorus tack You deal it twist a cap back with a skillet official would kill it This is fake the way we sill it as the great Pete Rock and Kweli Got Pete to make you chicks knees knock to Pete Rock my life It's the soundtrack other niggaz sound wack Like white kids tryin' to sound black I spit on mics wet up the essence where L drowned at This Guerilla Monsoon Rap first comb rap Soon rap come through a crossroads, and all these lost souls Will stand out with stress signals like morse code The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Dead Prez Album: Soul Survivor II Song: Warzone Typed by: spam_me_1974@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Hook] Get your drank on Get your smoke on Get your dance on, skin tight pants on Get your party on Get your holla on Doogie-dance, lil' mama, get your party on Get your groove on Get your yak on If you game tight, playa, get your mack on Get your thug on Get your buzz on But don't forget we livin in a warzone [Verse 1] Bouncers actin like cops in the club Mothefuck around and get dropped in the club They don't play enough 2Pac in the club The industry done made too pop in the club That nigga don't need no mink in the club 15 Dollas for a drink in the club? Got it like a fuckin precinct in the club What do these motherfuckers think in the club Come on! [Bridge] Whole lotta ass in the club Ballaz spend a lotta cash in the club Whole lotta dro gettin passed in the club But them cameras got the zone blasted in the club I don't even bring ID to the club why they need to know my goverment name in the club? I ain't got no paper for a bar in the club I already got drunk fore I came in the club Come on! (Hook) [Verse 2] Everybody act like thugs in the club They get drug in the club Blowed like Shyne in the club Lost they mind in the club Puffin off like thugs in the club Spendin up yo whole paycheck in the club Dont get no respect in the club Niggaz sell dro in the club But we can't blow in the club Thats why I don't go in the club (Hook & Bridge) [Verse 3] Forget about the world outside in the club You can run but you can't hide in the club Dance to the goverment lies in the club F**k that, party all night in the club Still dames got no rights in the club Party by the disco lights in the club We spend a lotta cash in the club But we don't got it on smash in the club Cause (Come on) (Hook) [Verse 4] Everybody's girlfriend's eating in the club Everybody's boyfriend's eating in the club Niggaz got a shank in a boot in the club, (?) Ready to cut a secret ID from the hands in the club, (?) Like what is corrupt in the club Niggaz buy weed in the club Crackers buy coke in the club Get high in the club Then die in the club But they gotta bring identify in the club [Verse 5] If you see me in the club Give a pound and a hug Show love Im just another thug in the club But you can't rub me the wrong way We can get it one, sho nuff, in the club We can take it out in the club Whats it all about, nigga what? Why the fuck I came in the club Get fucked up in the club Loose a lot of blood in the club Why the fuck I came in the club? (Hook) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Slum Village Album: Soul Survivor Part II Song: Da Villa Typed by: ehhviin@gmail.com Oh...yeah...yeah (oh)...uh S Villa, nigga, that's the crew when you rep' (Who?) It's been a long time, we shouldn'ta left you (You!) It's the S (move!), crushin' your best dude (dude) Spitin darts so nigga bring your vest too Villa nigga, That's the crew when you rep' (Who?) It's been a long time, we shouldn'ta left you It's the S move, crushin' your best dude Spitin darts so nigga bring your vest too [Verse 1] (Guess who) just stepped in the basement with Pete? Quick, swift with the flow boy S to the V Hear the static in the records, the dust in the beat Grimy like the ghettos when it's pitch black in the streets Red alert nigga better beware, bring the heat Soul Suvivor comin' through so it's hasta la vie V.I.P. dog watch us just take it to the top Plus we so Detroit like Murphy was in Robocop Say we can't do a thing and man we ain't 'sposed But I'm quick to return like I'm breakfast with the toast Villa in the spot tryn'a gain and maintain, yeah (oh) Tryna erase you lames, most slept in the game [Verse 2] Yeah yeah Chop, retaliate your fleet with animal instinct Walk with alligator feet, talk like Keith through alleyway and street Avenue crime scene locked in my rhyme scheme When plottin to blow, like watchin' a disappearing *bomb string* Gone Bin-Laden; I'm a vocal assassin, my throat is a handgun When you think I'm chokin', I'm in motion to land one And get you open - basically sick, facin' me, nah Your bones'll get thrown through a masonry wall Without me breakin' the bricks Whip, wallow in my venom Split nozzle from a kit combo Get bravo from the womens Lift pa {?} admit defeat and forget it I'm well known to speak in heat of a minute Like I'm late to a cell phone, reachin' the limit Meet you in timely demise, I Flow with the entire glow of a diamond insides Let the fire blows from the cannon, I can win and I will And render my peers still like a mechanic that builds And strip away, nibble on simple prey Simple minded, whistle silent when I ripple my mental rage Trip'll ride and then flee from the scene paid (hey) I'm on your head like a wooden contraption Collapsin' the guillotine blade 'Til your eyes is bigger than DMC's shades  Not for low P grades, we 4.0 with the flow You see Aze [Verse 3] Speak ghetto language for niggaz to hold Tarnish bubble-gum raps when I switch and turn gold See the plaques on the wall but we platinum status One verse is like a gauge and blow a nigga off the atlas Man listen, I'll break them bad habits for the pursuit of the green I gots to get the cabbage Me and my dudes, my man, we all savage Can't reach the status quota your team, they all average Comin' outta the dark, I undoubtedly spark ironically My sane mind sharp as James Bond part for Sean Connery Your rhyme odyssey possess a treacherous style Bet you would bow if my nine possibly Shot your knee on the left Cuff gat, criminal act, tough rap, bust back Like genital sex that's gushin with something that resembled the claps You dealin' with a multiple *manic-depressin' And still in panic, and stress on all o' you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ J-Dilla Album: Soul Survivor II Song: Niggaz Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Woo! Yeah, uh-huh Uhh, turn it up, turn it up baby Brand new, world premier Pete Rock, ahh, Dilla Dawg Jay Dee, yeah Bring your crew dawgs [J-Dilla] I got a crew we call K-boys - why? Cause we like to get dough The seaside boy be in the bar watchin hoes get low Dilla Dawg and Pe-ter, skeet skeet Spit shit on the track like Dog in _Beat Street_ When y'all need heat, just check the credits Cause Pay J, gon' send a check next day FedEx Yes J said it nigga, beats for trucks Goin up in four months, need at least a buck The way I rock ice you would think my name was Peter Bitches tongues out like back in the day in the theatres (woo!) And the heaters is kept where they supposed ta Smoke ya like the welcome poster And Dilla got killers that'll gat your boy like Reese's pop Keep knots like a crumb snatcher boy When these two niggaz collab', these niggaz collapse Cause see it gets no hotter, holla at'cha boy [Chorus: Pete Rock] Yeah, I spit fire at that ass Many often wonder will hip-hop still last Cause I'm the one they call the Boy Wonder Fuckin with J-Dilla, rappin niggaz, know how I feel-a [Pete Rock] Yo, this is not child's play Similar to a gat when my mind spray I spit rhymes like a pro son, rappin shogun I lunge at you niggaz with a bolo punch It's the, Boy Wonder at the cruise control Are you really ready for some super dynamite SOUL Relax, let me spark the L And leave smoke on the track as the tires peel When I rock what's real niggaz appeal to that 13 in the game, makin classic rap And stay elusive, a lot of y'all fake-ass niggaz wish you can do this, passion from the heart makes you true in this Music, #1 sound, overground Make haste on the freeway like the Greyhound And avoid these clowns and let real niggaz know Pete Rock blast off in 2004, uhh [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Soul Survivor II Song: Appreciate Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Intro: Children singing] (5X) "Two four six eight, who do you appreciate" [Verse 1: C.L. Smooth] First of all, you better count your blessings When you got C.L. now you got bad boy, your connections In return, while we live and we learn, then you know what it is To only build a bigger future for the kids In peace, in war, lets take it to the floor Every time we take two steps the crowd takes four Lay the heat, how I come to the street, how I cut through the beef Let me handle that, that's why you make me chief It's packed, what they want in this here Can we weather the storm, six minutes, C.L. Smooth you're on All the anger and the fear, was in the dressing room prayer That we came out to light it up and put it in the air That's real, so holler back at ya boy, step aside Leroy To all my ladies, who want tickets, enjoy, cause I spit it and you gotta get with it and you'll never forget it Yes, I want the best out, count 'em all "Two four six eight, who do you appreciate" To the fans and to all my people that supported us "Two four six eight, who do you appreciate" To the mama and the daddy and everything they taught us "Two four six eight, who do you appreciate" Tell them kids they gotta stay in school or ride with us "Two four six eight, who do you appreciate" When it all goes down, baby, All We Got Is Us [Verse 2: C.L. Smooth] You tell 'em this is history in the making, avoiding disasters This run is for the green jacket, I fit, the masters My crew havin' business, save, put it in through my office The security is tight and the secretary is gorgeous That's official, me and Pete in the lab, that's what they want Pushin that real hip hop, up to the front The game's been good to me, preserved my youth Not only, did it capture my goals and told me the truth Look out my hustle, made a living, paid and driven See why they tour around the world came to save us from prison It's great, I rather love than hate You think it fell out the sky, I'm here to tell you, why believe in faith Hard work, payin of and them wishes comin' true Bolt open and you out to lunch, and left us two Now you know we can't let that pass to get that cash We in the big numbers, count 'em all [Verse 3: C.L. Smooth] Why my Uncle Doc left me everything when he died, and When pop passed, two weeks later I cried, and When great grandma left it all went crazy now All I had left was grandma Pam, that's my baby Can't talk bad about me, she tell 'em, why we need to give her All those roses while she could smell 'em I live this moment used to stay how we was How my mother came to her in a dream and told her Corey will come out of this deep dark depression, stand by me Give my insight a resurrection and heal me And feel me, what you got is to love, got a thing This little woman who brought back the thug, let's grind Ghetto's Of The Mind while I'm in my prime I left, so y'all can catch up, I'm ahead of my time Your legacy and that lazy boy say it ain't fear My next generation triple my digits, add 'em up like The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: American Me (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] What makes a man a man? A friend of mine once wondered Is it his origins, where he comes to life? I don't think so It's the choices he makes, not how he starts things but how he decides to end them {*"Right about now" and "CL Smooth" scratched*} [CL Smooth] This is that LP, "American Me" With the big boy C, CL Smooth baby life of a G You feel the hood, salute the President, my young life is a program, live to do anything, to please the old man I'm really on it like that; you industry boy I'm in the street I'm who they waited so long to meet I'm still positive but let's go hard with it My swagger so insane I'm walkin with God with it and do believe - it's all about'cha survival So switch it up and pull the pistol out that bible Just say the word, you not dealin with a herb that'll move with a bird I'm just an eagle stayin fly for the people My soldiers backin 'em down, jacket off with no limit I want the world my neezy and everything in it A mack from the stack to the Roley Facade or alter ego named Goldie It has to be American Me [Outro] From the four square miles of Mount Vernon streets There rose a hustler, that every woman wanted to meet His game was strong, his money was long And before you know it, he was livin the American dream The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: American Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] People of the press We are in a state of emergency The President is here to address the terrorist level rising and the upgrade of homeland security We are in the position as a nation where critical times are hard to accept We will answer your questions in the order received Ladies and gentlemen, The President [CL Smooth] How I'm comin in the land of opportunity, a few love to see me get it The rest spend their energy tryin to ruin me I move like it's two of me; you run up on it it's said it's like I got eyes in the back of my head If there was any doubt before, I could never return Watch and learn, this the type of heat that make Pete squirm Next turn, the cream of the crop, even if screwed and chopped It's like an orphan rich families adopt When they left CL with nathin - only wishin me a lifetime of rabbit ears and pure frustration From that, to standing ovation Just to let 'em see my brand new LP sweep the nation You're dealin with a much wiser mind with inner strength to find and force rougher hands to fall in line And locked down in your town, strung out and still not free For the world to see American Me In a jam, they wanna chase me like Uncle Sam Have me leave my life it's crazy Come back home, give me 52 states to roam And complain when it's time to pay me I'm on top of my game when it comes to the country People thinkin oh it's just gravy I'm as hard as they come, straight out the slum Nothin comes for free it's American Me [CL Smooth] Like I'm givin you your last rites, when you see my face All you're lookin at is stars and stripes With three-fourths of the drug law So now you know why we build with bricks, they build with straw Against the mark of the beast Cause sometimes men must fight wars to truly have peace Hear to conquer valleys of foreign soil 'til you show me all your hidden weapons and fields of oil I'm sendin in troops, heavy press want the inside scoop I'm like mums the word up in this coop - oversee that God When they move that quick Admire my swag to use it as a measuring stick I paid my dues, why we can't lose, plus I refuse to let 'em stagnate the growth of my blues The pattern of me is sign no statements, cop no plea In what can only be American Me [CL Smooth] That's why they all jockey for position Just the crabs in the barrel, but watch me from the outside fishin This is stop look and listen, besides the shine and glisten You learn and earn when nothin is a given Meet soldiers in victory, lames in defeat Bunk with heads in the joint who can't live on the street When I die for the principle, stand for the code Where I never gotta come back, I just reload~! Like the bars in the bing, the puppet on the string Names ring but can only be one king I'm talkin 'bout a whole new leadership, my voice on them beats And how they gotta come up out them seats I bang hard and unscripted, strong black and gifted Missed it, is how the top spot got shifted CL's the key, to the way things have to be Livin the dream, American Me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: I Can't Help It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah, uh-huh, CL Uhh... ("I can't help it, can't help it") [CL Smooth] I'm just a hat too tall, the shots I can call where I don't really even have to sweat money at all This is so built to ball, and somethin off the wall The babies even try to walk before they can crawl You wanna toss yours in the ring? Go right to the King? I get rid of him quick with all that you bring My thing in full swing, when the bell go DING the figure sound about right, cha-CHING~! Heard your boy is no joke, before you ever see him broke? You see him linin up all them rich folk With coke down to the smoke, besides all of the Black Heart I need a real bad chick with stroke I'm just a real nigga used to shit, wait who's the shit? It's really all about me nigga that's it The man in the movement, oh how they love CL Smooth out there piping hot and doin it The man that invented it, right where I centered it Locked in the danger zone, where they talk about the birth of a genius, the hardest, the meanest The greatest slum tale ever told Where I hit 'em from the bottles, the models, the wars, the tours Cockroach tenament to marble floors I'm just a hell of a catch Like a new toy with the outfit to match ("I can't help it, can't help it") [CL Smooth] While the kid is a chick magnet, scream and grab at it It's hot but all I really got is a money habit Push whips past it, wave you monkey bastard Watchin the wrist change colors every other karat I'm what the hood study, could write up in the cutty Sit real pretty but this shit can get ugly With no love for me, you people think I'm made of money? The illest niggaz under my thumb is like putty Since everything I'm bustin out now entice you Send one of my lil' homies over there to bite you Tighten you up, the first time they lays eyes on you lighten you up, shittin out a bag, pissin out a cup That's what's up, The Source made thoughts corrupt Compared to them big dogs that's the pug Name the price and take a little sound advice I'm like headcrack rollin the dice baby [CL Smooth] When the streets always knew we was this fly, the love for this guy is known to split waves the same way he split pies Lay up in those thighs, I school and chastize Who know my "Art of War" is the element of surprise So cool and calm, a killer smile with charm You hear "tick tick tick," nigga that's the bomb But is it for Islam or is it for this Don who only can wish the innocent people no harm? Rose from the ashes, here to move the masses The program that make you generate paper the fastest So when the stock crashes, and the storm passes We eatin fresh fruit, jumpin out of E-classes And we not talkin, think it's me you stalkin? All you hear is loud pops and the bodies fallin This is your warning, a new day's dawning How the rap game need CL Smooth The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Call On Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] You're all I got, I'm all you need How you can always call on me Even when you're doin wrong You never have to fight alone I'll pick you up when you fall down Through thick and thin I'll be around Whatever the case may be Don't hesitate to call on me [CL Smooth] To get my momma fed up and tell me to bounce Still in high school, sleepin on grandma's couch Just a crack dealer, young hood lovin the street I'm on a mission and I will not accept defeat I'm just another kid lost with the most potential The physical is easy, the challenge is mental Will you make the right choice and clean your act up or make them itchy trigger fingers call for backup? When you get a second chance, few will get one Still with the love of your people adapt son You need to be proud of me, I kept my promise A mother like Afeni Shakur, Voletta Wallace Forever wantin their sons like grandma grieves for my Uncle Doc It's like nothin else can fill that spot When I was lost you saved me And all that real tough love you gave me, I can hear you sayin [CL Smooth] I'm so on top of my game and have it all Who would ever think one day I'd lose it all? Liquidate cars, auction off my castle We always stayed tight, now it all unravels My woman up and leave me, my kids in different states Can't rock tears cause I'm cold and my heart aches The world must think I'm at my lowest point now Stripped me down and show me who run the joint now But there you were when they wanna impale me Never out of pity though, never could fail me You knew I could bring somethin back to the table To see it all blossom like the flowers in April So if life is a tug of war let's keep pullin Cause behind every strong man is a strong woman When I was that lost you saved me And all that real tough love you gave me, I can hear you sayin [CL Smooth] Here's to the next Betty Shabazz, Coretta Scott King Maya Angelou, said she wanna be O Just like the Winfreys, pooches and all The same way you got my back, big or small You know the one they always said would be there for ya Jewelry out the pawn shop, stack for my lawyer When I was that lost you saved me And all that real tough love you gave me, I can hear you sayin [Chorus] - 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Black Heart Radio (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] Ohh man This is Black Heart Radio man We up here poppin champagne man all crazy man They just dumped 80 thousand on the table and all that man All over the track board man, we lightin up cigars Got the broads runnin 'round here half naked man This is Black Heart Radio, live, satellite from New York City We got the legendary, Black Heart President CL Smooth in the house with us tonight He gon' come through and bless us with a couple of questions we wanna ask the God, word up about his NEW LP, "American Me" Yo God~! The streets is TALKIN right now fam Yo word is bond, the legend is back B This is Black Heart Radio, don't touch the DIAL!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: CL Smooth Unplugged Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] Okay~! We got the dance floor rockin, my soul band knockin And when your boy step out, it ain't no stoppin Just a non-stop party, I'm here with everybody Now whoever miss this one, is gonna be sorry Like a fireworks display, I toss a lot of bread Keep me roped off, with X amount of bottles to the head Real cozy in the V.I., tokin my cigar I'm the real power, and I don't really care who you are Just have yourself a good time, be nice to the ladies Cause we don't wanna have to whup yo' head tonight The whole thing is be polite, and if you agree If not, then move your corny ass from around me! This is grown man B.I., now the honies see why they hate to love the sophisticated thug Instead of poppin the slug, you see me cut a rug This is CL Smooth unplugged [Chorus: repeat 2X] My God - you might have the flex, but got no flavor You might have some cash, but got no class Here's the next level of love, the future for a thug to hear CL Smooth unplugged [CL Smooth] Now be honest it just feels good, to see him puttin it down More like an explosion, when I'm hittin the town I get the clubs groovin, keep it dressed to impress In nothin but the best, and won't settle for less A real trendsetter, who can top me kid? They had enough cajones, they woulda already did They know it's my time, watch me soakin it up In the booth glass of merlot, loc'n it up My Cartier frames, with the matching watch to keep the sweet ladies screamin my name for blocks We got a real connection, in your tub real late Candles burnin, the sound of my voice an escape It's the mood I'm in, the groove I'm in Where I ordinarily keep you out, I let you in Now until we are one, how I keep it on guard is watch CL Smooth unplugged [CL Smooth] My peoples - this is champagne music, caviar lyrics This a shitload of paper every time you hear it Come and have the time of your life, where nothin can control me +The Mack+ of the year, the game call me Goldie The set don't excite me, 'til you get hyphy In other words get dumb, you know where I'm from That New York nightlife, all the way to the Bay You get to see firsthand, how the players play The wardrobe spinnin, accesories are glistenin The broads I'm twistin to the toys I'm whippin Only gas up the strip, make the hood flip Not talkin right on the corner, toast on hip Why they love me like crazy, treat me like a God Life is short, you wonder why we party so hard It's a Black Heart family, the whole nine yard to hear CL Smooth unplugged [Outro] My God The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Warm Outside Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] When it's warm outside (let the top down feel the wind blow) When it's warm outside (you had all winter just to get dough) When it's warm outside (take your top off let your skin show) When it's warm outside (turn Smooth up on your radio) [CL Smooth] With a mean summer joint gettin plenty airplay Mixed in the forecast, sunshine all day Have it your way, love to see me walk around But still I don't dress that up, I dress that down Simple wifebeater, bouncin off the tennis sneaker CL is that trendsetter, born leader Hot two-seater, fresh out the barber chair Blow one with my boy boy, then we there Eatin, shoppin, into full body massagin Me and my lady, set to do it up crazy Over wine and cheese, it's times like these that make you wanna drop the top and feel the breeze Back in the hood, doin anything I wanna From shootin hoops to shootin dice on the corner No helmet on the dirt bike, {?} over to Tim Hear the broads say ain't nothin colder than them [CL Smooth] To make it like a block party come with t-shirts too Cases of brew and plates of that barbecue Slay to Clue can tell you are not bluffin The time of the year where women hardly wear nothin System pumpin, late until the night is jumpin Game is tight, know you bound to lead with somethin Leanin back, in no shape or form reject me Warm weather just preserve my grown and sexy In daylight, up and on our race bike Cake like, my shorty on the back got it straight right? The scene is blue skies and tanned skin up on me My whole mood is tropical, true story How the man livin you can tell that's connected When you can walk in any neighborhood and get respected My bad boys move silent And get it all wet like they opened up the fire hydrant [CL Smooth] See me chicks go bananas; I make niggaz think twice about comin through and squeezin them hammers And ain't it a pity~? With all this +Sex in the City+ It's why them little pea-brains really don't feel me Heat cause tension, every summer fill morgues I'm enjoyin the day outside walkin my dogs Mommas strollin they kids and old people feedin the birds You see them d-techs pull up on them curbs I'm out here 'til I got no work left Deep in the street, it's why them wolves love me to death As big as my heart is, you look at my team Got every kid on the block eatin some ice cream Don't mention it, cause see when money ain't no thing A dude like me got no problem spendin it End of the day, wax down my new ride Just sippin pina coladas, relaxin by the poolside The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Terrorism (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*phone line rings*} [CL Smooth] Let me show you how life is a bitch; when a man strapped in C4 can walk up in a restaurant and detonate the switch High levels of the chemical poison, fearless, death to the infidels A lot of chess play, hidden in them cells Deep inside a neighborhood, of upstanding citizens in the middle of a holy war worth billions In the clutches of a sheik, who let his oil wealth speak that got these suit and tie crackers up in power come 'n seek With the market and the lawyer that's a done deal for ya With terrorism feedin off fear and paranoia Got your Homeland Security, now they get braver Let 'em tap all your lines, now you feel safer Just invade all your privacy, the lesson every day They'll reserve for you to stay in Guantanamo Bay You wanna blow buildings up, and hijack planes In world war, who's to blame? They'll never be the same Only hardship and pain It's the LP "American Me," stay tuned... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Gorilla Pimpin' Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CL Smooth] We get it all cause we can't get along, take stripes Late night apply the squeeze, pressure bust pipes See the hand that stretches, the animal that fetches No conscience, to think how life is so precious Just a pure rap hunter, old school to newcomer When it's warm outside, won't last the whole summer Straight gorilla pimpin, followin my hooptie A dark van in the back to slide all crack My wolves, gather in a pack to represent 'tack and don't question nothin I say - simply react A bunch of beast unleashed on 'em, thoughts of a predator It's not just a job man, it's an adventure I turn up the temperature, as hot as all hell When you raise a hungry lion to ring the dinner bell It's the monsters in your dreams, the muffle in your screams If it's Black Heart what it means, the gangster that leans Keep it in the streets, the hero and the terror When our worlds collide, we gon' get together The fight for supremacy, ride on your enemy Respect this gorilla pimpin Play the back seat with the owl, the goons on the prowl The hood is gon' remember my name God This is that presidential edition, the man on a mission Straight up gorilla pimpin [CL Smooth] I'm just hotter than these chumps, choose any level I can sit with all you nerds, or conquer any rebel Just the family I represent, from the Murderville And think it won't have yo' head duckin bullets, it will~! You can trace the skill, I move like The Phantom Besides the ugly work I do, I'm so handsome Remove that black hoodie, Timbs and black jeans and stack my paper real nice and switch scenes up You ain't sayin nothin but a word mami I'm diggin how a stroll on the South Beach rock me And what? How we step off the plane, know the whip is insane And how I left New York, is how I came Bang! We hittin Miami just like a hurricane Dana Dane to your lane, tear it out the frame The ladies, the vibe, and what I prescribe I shot it so live, park that joint and ride scooters [CL Smooth] I'm for the money more than the glory to tell my story Have the nerve to doubt my scratch? You broads can't afford me I'm used to honies that's holdin a pocketbook swollen See the more loyal I am, the more that I'm controllin But it's not my mean to, she really claim she need you So the real business in your camp I see through Let 'em lay all the pieces down, and I can back it Feel if they can run a scam on you, I can track it It's nothin, you can play the front, dimepiece go so you know In bed with me it's winner take all You reel in my big fish, and it's a wrap that got me cheesin like the Indian, on that Starter cap That's Cleveland stupid, but I'm out the N.Y. See the best flowin like Len Bi, I'm so fly Here's an offer they can't refuse, let 'em blow a fuse And they never gonna catch me slippin, gorilla pimpin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: The Impossible Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Turn it up like this now Uhh, gets busy Yeah what? C'mon It's that filthy [CL Smooth] You talkin 'bout a Black Heart? I set off the movement Bet you my left hand ain't nothin like me doin it Where is the air that's not tainted and unpolluted? See every order be followed and executed Snap of the finger, and I can send for you Can't stand your attitude then that's the end for you You play by my rules and that can't lose It's gon' take more than a killer to fill my shoes This the top dog rap, the big boy step Look around, ain't too many of 'em like me left You know, when the boss is in the tension get thick My answers stay short, and my strikes come quick Mastermind behind the grind, what makes a man like him tick? The crew I feed, the chick I pick Boy, CL is that next level, I got scores to settle I let loose the rebel deep in that heavy metal Gets busy Tear up the city I'm that filthy [CL Smooth] I'm set to do some numbers, show you how I do summers Winter spring and fall, you can watch daddy ball My niggaz play the wall while they send me top shelf Under watchful eyes but look like I'm by myself The name in the book, so right before the beef cooks I have 'em in the freezer hangin off the meat hooks I give 'em different looks, even when the lights dim You got signs of bein Smooth but you are not him I breathe life in the game, no price to the fame That keep a nigga like me on a chick's brain Move that pretty, think that witty Earn that rent, the first kid from Uptown to crack that bet From a young gun to the one big cannon The bread expandin, this took plannin They said it can't be done, too tough an obstacle That's why I'm out here set to do the impossible! Gets busy It's that rock shit Tear up the city I'm that filthy [CL Smooth] It's like diamonds and toys, that's hers and that's your boys This hard rock shit to that bunch of noise I'm leavin niggaz scramblin, only left to gamblin Where ain't no tellin how much I'm really handlin I make it look good, I keep it so hood It's crazy, everything I slept on made me Sharp when I wrote this, man with a focus I'm out there too busy living it to notice I'm a problem in these streets, mixed over them beats Half a million fans await my release And when I step in the door and it's the realest shit you ever saw I make a half a million more fans on tour Fucker~! From the pen to the block sucker Place your bets, all my work covered Why they wanna be me, how they study my G and how my team is playing shutdown D Gets busy Tear up the city I'm that filthy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth f/ Pete Rock Album: American Me Song: It's a Love Thing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*Pete Rock does vocal ad libs throughout*} [Intro] Bring the bass in Uhh, I love it Yeah [CL Smooth] You're beautiful, the way you wear that, share that Had many ladies, but nothin can compare to that smile that style that drives men wild That ring could have big daddy walk you down the aisle Proper - you a show-stopper, girl a jaw-dropper I could see me leavin soons as I bring it home to momma What you're lookin at is pure-bred stallion I'm slayin it, you really care to know who's J'n it Uhh, how lucky are we? Catch you comin out the shower and I'm right there to wipe down your body Spread that scented lotion all around your curves Anything you want, all she deserves Baby calm your nerves, make this work The only thing you fear in life is bein hurt But I'm here to protect you - thought otherwise? I'm here to correct you - you can trust me [Chorus: CL Smooth speaking over singer] It's bonafide, it's so deep I got your back, we in this for life We the truth, I'm by your side baby It's a love thing baby [CL Smooth] You and I? Now that's a hot couple Put us both in the same club, now you ask for nothin but trouble Watch 'em jumpin out of red labels Got my woman and her girlfriends dancin on the tables Shut down the joint, me I'm just laid back in awe Surrounded by the gangsters, puffin on a cigar Baddest chick in the word keep niggaz trend Yes the hottest chick on the planet keep a nigga rent up The question is can you top that homey? You can probably pull somethin close but stop that homey Not even~! Couldn't have that even if I stopped breathin Don't hope for that, my ghost'll be pokin her still Read my will, my boys get it all, no gimmicks But I'm here to let you know my jump-off is off limits Life and love, you're made for a thug Once I settled in, you made me a gentleman [CL Smooth] Tote game is crazy, diamonds on stilettos Travel through these ghettos, drop the top Let 'em see what I'm workin with, came to win How the don keeps a fawn to blow in the wind Her aura's magnetic, that attracts loot She look Wall Street, briefcase, pinstripe suit Your hair up in a bun, spectacles on her nose Any deal she makes, my business grows Uhh, they say a woman's never satisfied 'til she have me to fill her to her heart's content It's my blessing, God gave you to me And words can't describe what you do for me Your CL is love me or love me not But no one can match this chemistry we got Why they all call you CL's wife? Cause all we got is each other, a bond for life, uhh {*singer ad libs for a bit*} [Pete Rock] Uhh, Pete Rock, Pete Rock and CL Smooth Hittin you hard, that's whassup, uhh Yeah... for my lady, I love you, uhh {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Smoke in the Air Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] We gon' take it to the streets now CL Smooth Back harder than ever [CL Smooth] I been in this game for years, it made me a animal I come from nothin at all to more than I can handle And passed through with flying colors In the back page article, to see my face grace them covers You see the birth of a real gangster, taste it, smell it Flip it and sell it and live it to tell it This is my theme music to enter, squeeze 'til I'm empty CL pop on now, crowd in a frenzy I harness that energy, and bring it through them sets where they really spendin some paper, like who's on the Mets This is franchise taggin, when I switch the shoes on the wagon See me cruise through the block, slow laughin Blinky's on cock, runnin 'round here thinkin they can bite me I'm the man that you be takin too lightly~! And not afraid to get filthy, you fail to recognize how they built me 'til the judge say "Corey Ben, not guilty" Put your hands up {*3X*} High, high, high, high, high [CL Smooth] Then comes the time when you can't fake it, you can not mistake it CL'll hurt somethin, you ain't heard nothin I can bang 'em out stuntin, or lay up in the cut and pick the brains of some old heads on who got what I need no introductions; if all I got is soldiers in the street waitin for instructions - I'm pressin buttons While my comeback is so climactic It always keep them ladies on the track like it's Danica Patrick Automatic the six-shooter, dependin on how dirty I do ya We can go around ya or come through ya Have no respect? Let 'em see me step to my biz You know what it is, my broad say they just kids but whatever - better get your little act together Can't stand heat or crack under pressure Here's the truth, when all I really show is the proof It's why CL just come through and raise the roof - listen! [CL Smooth] Smoke in the air, guerillas in the mist Same time you watch house money, dangle from my wrist All I got is action and murder, and plots you can't solve When it comes to family busines, you don't get involved Haters say I'm chasin the past, say it won't last But on the low you know they know I got the game on smash Burn blocks down and post up, the most wanted All I do is feel up straight dimes and peel hundreds What a life huh? I'm set, now maintain the vet Or catch a bad decision you will soon live to regret Cause I'm not here to fit in, I'm here to get right in This is a takeover, rap needs a makeover A new President; the same time to your face all who still (don't) know how to take it with intelligence CL in the spot, the fans give it all they got I start from the bottom and rise to the top - listen! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: The Stroll Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Uhh, C-L Smooth The Mecca Don, uhh [CL Smooth] Fresh off the plane, spliff rolled, bags trunked Couple broads in back, what's that? Slam dunk Five deep in the port, Smooth in the middle car And we take no checks, overstand me so far? Speedin all through Ochi, guap kept closely A little town called Priory, mark it in your diary I'm hard with Ram Dog, the late great Willie Wanna know what the chin is brewin, lightin my Cuba Once my slippers is touchin sand, soakin up a tan The only position I'm holdin, is chain of command and that's word to Juggy Zoot, this is not a fluke On the strength keep dancin BoBo this is my salute Party with Dons like Theroy Fowls, keep your head up king And that's from me to you the real thing Paper trail on a global scale, mind soul and body like Claudy Massive and Bob Marley Just like they do, that cling to dough I'll cling to you my love - that's the island I can't erase, the memories of things we used to do - do it big You remind me of, the golden sun that shines after the storm - for my ladies Oh how we used, to plan the life and dream land for a stroll [CL Smooth] Said it was written he who judge cast the first stone I'm back home, the Milk River heals my bone Ride to Tiamet in my Circe, dumpling and skinfish early Sour sap juice mixed with nutriment and Guinness Been about my business, me and Dog leave the country Headed for town, where at night you don't stop at a red light You get rushed, get your throat cut - think not~? When most times you can't find me in a tourist spot I'm in Waterhouse, eating porterhouse Where them mothers all biddin for they daughter's hand I'm crackin lobsters worth 20 grand, why they can't take my crown I'm into classic Sunday nights, Ray Town We're the one to chase down, next day, all new faces How I sponsor soccer matches and car races Just the pioneer of the music, show you how it moves me The second coming of Jack Ruby [CL Smooth] I wear it like mosquito repellant, tokin that A-grade bud Where all they love to taste is foreign blood Under palm trees with no concern how my third world turn In all my walkways, torches burn In the hills of Hollywood, overlooking Kingston To sacrifice for the people from this view sink in To climb that mountain, stay countin with a stack Move on a gift wrap, sold it to 'em rob it back Laid up at a Ritz-Carlton See them big Dons come check me and oldfoots connect me Like the Knights of the Round Table, Black Heart's the label I'm just the hand that rocks the cradle Straight up plate, beachfront, cameras on the gate Just to deal it, no way, smuggle it? Can't wait I told you once, I told you twice, the ultimate price is what dips my shotties to paradise [Outro: repeat 2X] I pray the stars, may safely keep and watch you while you sleep - real talk And day by day, the sun will shine as you trot along the way (rewind) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: American Me (Outro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yes Stars and stripes [CL Smooth] In the land of free and the home of the brave Love to see me totally paid Pushin them hot toys, livin in that big house That's that Black Heart fam (this American Me) How to make this a part of your life How you see my stars and stripes What I earned in the street, what I learned in the street is the reason I can come back and crush this game (this American Me) Ain't nuttin gon' stop us baby With so much cake we lazy Then I'ma train the next killer, put him with the best who let him be that dude, with every hot chick you see (this American Me) You see me money earnin With more cake out the Vernon You ever gon' see, never gon' make, never gon' take This is Black Heart King (this American Me) With my poetry in motion The next new cats are roastin When the bell sound gotta bow down this is my town Tell me what's harder than a real O.G.? (This American Me) There's no need to hide it right When the dark gotta come to light, stand and fight Black or white, let's all unite See my team livin that American dream (this American Me) Any top street cat gon' tell you I'm the last of that great repop'n Kick with the top'n lean in the rock'n Don't say much G-string droppin (this American Me) The album by CL Smoovy Hit the block and make a movie Take the country by storm This is how a star is born (this American Me) [Outro] Yes I'd like to thank everybody for buyin this CD CL Smooth, "American Me" Thank you all, God bless you and good night Heh, ohh, ohh you what? Oh you thought it was over? Oh okay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: All We Ever Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] They wanna see me down, but I be comin up They don't want me around, but I lay in the cut This is how the hood be movin, there's no solution It's so hard but it's all we ever know [CL Smooth] Feel this pulse of the hood, that ear to the street Like the boys on feet, them wolves never sleep Just lurk in the shadows, mingle in your blind sight Is it meant to be tested? Better get your mind right These are the breaks and, this is what it takes and Laid up in the coffin there is all your mistakes look Is this what you want though, or beggin for a change as to what we all can afford, and what's out of your range? They massacred your folks then - pray for revenge Your last thought is a target, the beef never ends (never ends) These foul niggaz laughin, your baby momma's cashin who hated your ass with a passion Hangin on your last breath gaspin, your people in tears who always told ya you was trouble for years Find you at death's doors fightin, with tubes all in you Heard they raidin your spots - who's gon' miss you? It's grimey as it ever been, slugs in the veteran The block savor the day he took his own medicine Now it's all over, the next leader got the seat But don't bury him yet, we still got a heartbeat The mind over matter, stuff made of legends A spirit that caters to the physical presence He gotta dig down deep, that's where it begin You got far too much pride to let your enemies win See life flash before you, your face in the sink Look up inside the mirror, before you can blink Feel you have no choices, beaten battered and scarred Can only muster up enough strength to find God As solid as the anchor, how can I thank ya when it took every bit of prayer to save this gangster? On my knees in the chapel, forgive me father The endless rounds of shots, the people screamin in horror What add up to a dollar, don't make sense/cents no more What people live to posess, in the spoils of war become obsolete, that's if you weather the storm It's so beautiful, the feelin like a hustler reborn with no drama Need you right here for the kids with every honor The streets know it is what it is, another chapter Through all that pain you stood the best remedy is let 'em see you still live good [Chorus] - repeat 2X [CL Smooth] Listen man, we don't wanna talk to none of y'all You left your man out here for dead and all that (real talk) This New York City man (uh-huh) y'know where the rats is bigger than the cats (stop snitchin~!) We servin notice you hear me? (Talk to 'em) We not playin wit'chu meatballs (emphatically) This is Black Heart, the movement (c'mon) We only play for keeps here, and this is all we ever know [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: CL Smooth Album: American Me Song: Heaven Is Watching You Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Looking over your shoulder "Don't you know that heaven's watching you, youuuuu" "Don't you know that youuuuu" [CL Smooth] Momma pull the bed over you, say she need a life too with no lights on, and the rent's due How a child know life ain't fair, when his daddy's not there Make him feel it's their fault and swear Strange voices, you hear momma laughin Glass shatter, what happened? You still hungry and can't sleep Just grown folk trippin; peep and get caught catch a whippin Never take us there baby up and listen Some late nights, you can hear screams in the hallway Walkin through the dealers and the dice games all day Momma got an attitude, bummin for a cigarette All up in the neighbor's ear, little sister's pants wet Weekends you see it's go to grandma's house And on Sundays, she would take us to the Lord's house Where they taught you to pray, how to find your way What'cha momma's momma tell you every day? "Don't you know that heaven's watching you" (looking over your shoulder) "Heaven's watching you" (and he knows your name so exchange the pain for his love) "Don't you know that heaven's watching you, youuuuu" (it's all forrrr you) "Heaven's watching you" (you can carry on and on) "That it's watching you" "Don't you know that youuuuu" [CL Smooth] Send troops to war to fight for their country It's all about politics, it's all about money Losin legs arms and eyes and soldiers all blown up The people see it don't affect the gas price goin up The rich get richer, the poor scrape the barrel And the old people can't afford their medicine now See 'em all drop the ball and cause racial beef And watch people die with no disaster relief It hit me like 9/11 when real life betrays The good book said we're livin in the last days God's son died for us, but mankind's ungrateful Between the guns and drugs, straight hateful~! And all those trips to space and all the missile practice Knockin the Earth, off its axis With no cure for AIDS, no cure for cancer And only God has the answer [CL Smooth] Who's my guiding light, when they test my faith to send me down a path they know is not safe? Try to wish that pain on me, see the strain on me But I can see it comin like slow motion Only dealin with emotion, my being is spiritual Accentuate the positive, only way I'm feelin you Accept no lies from me, I'm here to cleanse my soul Who's watching over me? The streets are cold [Chorus] w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock  Album: NY's Finest Song: 'Till I Retire Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com (Pete Rock scratching Run DMC "King Of Rock") [Pete Rock] Yo we had a few kings, some dudes wore the crown gotta say rest in peace to James Brown I know you love the sound coming through your speakers feel it from your hat all the way to your sneakers I wrote this thesis with pieces of the puzzle missin' make sure you choose wisley it's your decision Gotta rendition & rederick you've never heard spit it with clarity my words are never slurred I concured after seeing the facts baby very enthused after being relaxed baby, slipped through the cracks And passed by undetected, you don't gotta like it but you know you'll respect it, well connected & still make it pop, people wanna know "Pete when your album drop?" when hip hop's heart supposedly stopped More bars than Alcatraz just call me the Rock Yo you tryna mock me talk 'em out, I hate 'em standing here spitting all my bars verbatim Ay yo spin it back son Imma bring the fire the same one that knocked down the towers And the wire, you preachin' to the choir PR the messiah I won't stop rockin' till I retire!  I won't stop rockin' till I retire (Scratching DMC) [Pete Rock] I hear the talk what's the hating about? Pete Rock 07 still straighten it out y'all niggas hatin' on the South Cause they gettin' the shine I advise ya'll rap dudes better get on your grind H-I-P H-O-P real life true story Homey ain't D-E-A-D, I still get paid If I don't make another beat, niggas say they made me Then make another Pete, I got some other heat that y'all never felt I like these cards & whoever dealt mine Bets are straight even with the chips against me prove it to me 10 times & then you'll convince me Seen some come & seen some go said I seen some who still don't know I'm a true believer that hard work pays off if you work hard one day you'll be the boss (Scratching DMC) [Pete Rock] C'mon the games been good I had a long run you might miss hearing from me like when the songs done The wrong one, get it in his clutches it's like giving a dude who can't roll all the Dutches (can't roll) I got a budget but don't ask about me look ma dude hold your dick when you pee! Exactly Be concerned with yourself said you waste a lotta energy destroying your health my time is spent dealing with truth I've been a world renowned name before they said it in Juice (before they said it) Put you in position, staring down the barrel we got prisoners of rap shout out to Jamal Barrels Show me the work & put it on the scal I always hate to see a black man in jail If I could tip the scales & talk to Lady Justice the cops will be on trial the government be busted I can't trust it, it ain't always been true leave the game with a question mark like DJ Clue Gotta give thanks, be grateful for my gifts put it on digital video or audio disc (my nigga) (Scratching DMC) "'Till I Retire" "I'm The King" "'Till I Retire" "I'm The King" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Royal Flush Album: NY's Finest Song: Questions Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com [Royal Flush] Ay yo Flush you been around for a real long time lemme ask you a question, do you still write rhymes? Nigga I write commandments, pen hit the paper the fans flip I talk shit reason why New York won't quit Everytime that I spit you know I'm throwin' some hot shit the West Coast had it locked so you called on a locksmith Then Worldwide came out so Queens could pop shit and I really did sell coke so I talk about mad bricks I got a lil' paper so you know I push mad whips when Iced Out came out taught y'all how to ice shit Now the world runnin' around talkin' about Flush is the nicest  ook some time off had a lot of work I had to get it off label me the street boss a lotta rappers fell off I watched laugh & listen, waitin' for my time to get it my lifestyle was bitten take it write a move with it Until y'all haters & y'all corny critics cause what I put in this rap game a lotta rappers wouldn't of lived it ....Dig it? Alright back up back up [Reporter] Ahh yes, ahh Flush [Royal Flush] What? [Reporter] Is it true you had a divorce with your wife? [Royal Flush] Heh you fuck right I got rid of that bitch, anything else? [Reporter] Yes yes, uh what do you feel about the rap game? [Royal Flush] Huh!?....alright anybody wanna ask me anymore questions? How about you? [Royal Flush] Yeah I felt that Flush, Worldwide, Iced Down was hot but lemme ask you a question do you hustle on the block? Say what motherfucker? I'm the reason why the cops don't talk & wanna bust motherfucker The only nigga in Queens with dust motherfucker and I really live this shit do I don't trust motherfuckers Let me talk to you suckers, you fake ass hustlers your bricks are 17 so your boss's my customer You little ass nigga with the Mighty Midget figures while y'all was playin' Nintendo I was fuckin' up the dishes Had a bad bitch butt ass baggin' work in the kitchen the dope called it Candy Girl cause it felt like New Edition And I still feel like Bate when the feds is out fishin and without this rap shit my kids got towards intuition And I'm never gonna snitch, I'd rather escape from prison you talk shit we hit 'em, you got shines we stick 'em you got dough we get 'em, you fuck hoes we sit 'em You still be outta town with them bricks & the rental The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ LD, Redman Album: NY's Finest Song: Best Believe Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com [Redman] Eh you already know what it is nigga lemme tell you something (Eh fuck them Gilla House niggas) Eh what you talkin' about bitch I'm a pimp God damn right I'ma do it like this [Redman] I tie up my Air Nikes prepare for the mic straight throwin' up the bike on Jersey Turn Pike VROOOM, Get at me the Doctor is fine cadillac transform into Optimus Prime, I ain't lyin' I'm the future satellite dish on the Coupe wanna be hood down I'll recruit ya I talk with slang that swang like Slick Rick chain King Tut's my new nick name I'm at the Knicks game when it's on I get Nuggets so I'm there with a Carmello uniform I jerk to a pawn then I'm off to work train to box you in like Buddy McGirt Expert got the Draft not Miller I hustle my flows like weed you know the bags got bigger NIGGA! Boy a puss If the pen run outta ink I kill another octopus got the house like Dane Cook, Red L & Pete Rock The pressure make the wiz blow on the teapot since 19 I had detox, I was rockin' Reebok's Copying the Human Beat Bo now I'm from the East Side all grown up places I played in nigga all sewn up I'm chasin' that dream 'till I'm at the Garden on a thousand foot screen in red monkey JEANS!! Chorus: Pete Rock (scratching 'Fire!') Best believe we get high, nigga Best believe we get by, nigga Best believe we get fly, nigga la, la, la, la, la Best believe we get high, nigga Best believe we get by, nigga Best believe we get live, nigga [LD] Hot damn hoe here we go again (Let's Go) my God damn flow buries hoes & men (Yup) I got grams yo stereo was in four rush too rough for your scary flow to win (Yup) Hard stop when I'm barely going in might as well start singin' like Mario & them (Yup) So what's the scenario? L Pete Rock Funk Doc yup here we go again (Yes Sir) I stay high like a guy who supplies in the sky you probably gotta fly just to buy (Whoo!) Kinda guy walkin' by with a Desert 45 probably be a legend before I die (Die!) You wanna see me pay? You wanna freestyle? Freestyle's for the CBA Brook niggas wanna be me eh I'm down with the Kiiiing, got soul like VBK Chorus [Pete Rock] I be tossin' & flossin' my style is awesome I grind in my house like Rosario Dawson Got a studio up in the crib, my very own Hit Factory D&D/Quad as I reminisce over you my God To the sounds of the Soul Brother #1 (Jump) all around like Everlast & them cause your boy back Man I'm sick of this bubble gum rap with a soda on the side that these labels & the radio is feedin' us You ain't gotta eat that stuff I'm speakin' off the cuff cause a brother like Pete don't really give a...(Damn) Been a classic since Rakim was rockin' a fade with a half moon part & Big Daddy Kane was writing for Biz Mark And I really don't think that you little niggas wanna start listen guppy you swimmin' with a shark You a puppy I'm a big dog, somethin' like Pete Rock the invincible plug it into you make it all official..check 1,2 Chorus Scratches "Fire!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Chip Fu, Renee Neufville Album: NY's Finest Song: Ready Fe War Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [The intro is a clip interviewing reggae artist Peter Tosh] [Reporter] Peter? What's a bumba claat how you say it? [Peter Tosh] Bumboclaat, bumba claat is one of Jamaica's password one of the most highest potential of culture that relieves the spells of evil [Reporter] Why? How? [Peter Tosh] Well it's so scientifical I've been investigatin this word so long to find out what these words mean And what they are for, cause in the beginnin was the word and the word was with Jah And the word was Jah the same was in this time cause so it was in the beginnin so it shall be in these days [Reporter] Okay [Peter Tosh] Well, I was born and raised and grown up in colonialism and exploitation, and hear dat I heard dat and ummm..... Bumba claat, ras claat, blood claat, and every kind of claat yuh can tink of is bad words, and indecent language [Reporter] Yeah [Peter Tosh] And I born come here it in Jamaica, so why is it indecent?  So I went on an investigation and once upon a time I found myself in some circumstances Held down by some spiritual vampires dat my mouth couldn't move My tongue couldn't shake, my head couldn't move And di only ting datcould mek mi move fi seh, MOVE YUH BUMBA CLAAT!!!!!! And I'm free, yes I! And from datday on I never stop seh bumba claat, yes I!!!! [Intro: Chip Fu] Ta na na ta na ning ning wuy! Hey! Hey! Ta na na ning ning ning wuy, Hey! Ta, na na na, na na na (I'm ready fi di war) Na na na (I'm ready fi di war) [Chorus: Chip Fu] I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di, oh yes I'm ready fi di war I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! Ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di, oh yes I'm ready fi di war [Verse 1: Chip Fu] I'm ready fi di war, against di acts dat nuh clean and spirits dat nuh pure And I'm sure dem a vampire though seh diseases dem caan be cured My sons haved scored but when di lion roar I am sure Dat all badmind individual livin in full get judged by Jah Jah's law Siddung pon di riddim and di riddim is given and I kill it wid force Di force weh it come from it live inna place dat build clean shores I have my armor and my shield so I don't fear no more Cause love Jah is guidin me for sure I'm ready so on come, trust mi mi nah go run And all badminded people a get bun, get bun My armor and weapon, dat breath inna mi lungs Cause I nah stop until di work is done, is done  I'm ready so on come, trust mi mi nah go run And all badminded people a get bun, get bun My armor and weapon, dat breath inna mi lungs Cause I nah stop until di work is done, is done [Chorus: Chip Fu] (Pete Rock] I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di, oh yes I'm ready fi di war I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! Ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di, oh yes I'm ready fi di war (Ready fi war now man) [Verse 2: Pete Rock] (Renee Neufville) Well it's di Pete Rock dat mek di tune inna yuh speakerbox Man fi cook up big tune inna drum pan and a likkle teapot EEDIAT!!!! Dem a tek a likkle cheap shot trust mi, mi peep dat Oonu know seh mi come from yard so mi nah walk 'round wid nuh likkle weak heart BO!!! Ready fi war so each part of my inner spirit reach on So we march fi all ghetto yute trust mi, mi see it hard  See it's Jah dat guide us through even though, wait hard So come in songbird Renee and sing out yuh likkle sweetheart (I'm ready di war, fi di war) [Verse 3: Renee Neufville] It was a cool and lovely breezy afternoon  (How does it feel when we have no food) And my stomach was growling cause I had no food (This is how it feels when we got no food) As I write this daily now we got to say (How does it feel when we have no food) Take off your shield and weapon and armor yes you do (This is how it feels when we got no food) [Bridge: Chip Fu] I'm ready so on come, trust mi mi nah go run And all badminded people a get bun, get bun My armor and weapon, dat breath inna mi lungs Cause I nah stop until di work is done, is done  I'm ready so on come, trust mi mi nah go run And all badminded people a get bun, get bun My armor and weapon, dat breath inna mi lungs Cause I nah stop until di work is done, is done [Chorus: Chip Fu] I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di, oh yes I'm ready fi di war I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! Ready fi di waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!! I'm ready fi di, oh yes I'm ready fi di war The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock Album: NY's Finest Song: Don't Be Mad Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com (DJ Green Lantern scratching Nas "It Ain't Hard To Tell") [Pete Rock] You niggas hate me because I live like a champion I'm eating scampian shrimp And the vehicles I'm lampin' in you can't be in I'm the one like Mr. Anderson Rappers can't handle them I hand em' a handkerchief & hang of shit, it's Pete Rock the nigga you should be hangin' with, bangin' with but you havin' problems trying to tame your chick And I know it makes you sick, see me in the 6 with your chick bumpin' my shit singing high pitched She on her SideKick, telling her girls we got that hot shit boppin' like "Who made the beat?" Green Lantern bitch Yeah so pay the nigga homage, I'm about them dollars I could pay for you to go to college Sometimes a little modest but yo I'm no trick girl collect cash is the motto, ya'll quick fast tryna come up in my world This is grown man BI & y'all just squirrels Chorus: Don't be mad because you can't do what I can like when Jordan went up took that shot & switched hands (With his tongue out!) Don't be mad cause you not me I'm the fuckin' poster boy for the MPC my nigga [Pete Rock] I had to spit this verse for the world & the rest of y'all boys Rest in peace to Trouble T Roy usually produce a hit record now I'm making the noise Calm & poise, got inflection in my voice should be the choice to make the people respect the movement I did it dog of course I know what I'm doing pursuing what got tossed in the wind there was a point in time me, Puff, Eddie & C.L. was friends Hef set trends & put the hood on but you know the hood is hood & the hood will do wrong I ain't Rodney King, so I don't care if we don't get along the point of the song is to make the wrongs right you at the top of your career but you not at your hype D. Mac on Scotty G keep my hairline tight roll a backwood over a dutch the shop is exit 10 of the hutch I spit this verse for Unique 2 5 & dutch reminiscing when I got the name Rock round the same time Hef still lived on my block The game flipped flopped & shit got controversial everyman for himself I guess we going to commercial Chorus: (x2) [Pete Rock] Get it crunk do your thing like Camron Pete Rock coming with heat & that's word bond Beastin' on the track like I lost my Akon New York New York bring it back to the east dog I'm tryna make ends meet, stay true to the street kill them with the beats make stacks & still eat This is for my son E & the rest of my family holla at your boy PR be the recipe Chorus: (x2) My nigga Green Lantern one time for your mind.. Yeah taking hip hop by storm once again Legendary status Ya'll niggas...one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Joe Scudda, Little Brother Album: NY's Finest Song: Bring Y'all Back Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com "Yes I've got some good shit to tell you today brothers & sisters  cause I say were not gonna bullshit about it, were gonna tell it just like it is" [Pete Rock & Joe Scudda] Yeah...it's JR....LB's Pete Rock....here we go...yeah Little Brother...Scudda [Joe Scudda] Whatup? Hello smooth type fellow go hard on the paint like a young Carmello You boys are sweet like J-E double L-O things gon' fall off now homie hell no Before that you catch a fist & a elbow my timbs do work I can't do dirt in shelltoes Raps for sale though, but I'm tryna act cop me a Lac laid back with a bitch on Melrose So get your hatin' on, cause beating me your chances are thin like the ice I see you skatin' on My work's strong something you couldn't make it on your best idea is something still way beyond Told y'all cats I'm something like a star this that shit you gone be bumping out ya car Hands up double-fisted posted at the bar it's your man J-O-E & the PR [Chorus: Pete Rock] If the words didn't rhyme would it still be rap? If the needle didn't grind could DJ's scratch? If you didn't have no verses would you need my tracks? Pete Rock & Little Brother gone bring y'all back If the words didn't rhyme would it still be rap? If the needle didn't grind could DJ's scratch? If you didn't have no verses would you need my tracks? Pete Rock & Little Brother gone bring y'all back [Phonte] I'm gettin' bu-coo props from these niggas who do watch Phon-tigger when here in the booth Cause nowadays the truth just may get you shot 5 things to the brain get you 2Pac'd But Imma get off the mic before it get to hot cause when you speak of LB you speak of all stars Shit's weak & we probably callin' out yours now on my feet before I lived on all fours Cause I ain't come to get drunk off ambition and get stuck, If you gotta problem my instinct Instructs me to quit fucking around and bring it to a nigga live in the flesh like Nip/Tuck Drop 16 then I'm bouncing nigga we don't care about that money you was counting nigga Don't know me well, Phonte is like Josie Wells for all you "Brokeback Mountain" niggas, ya know [Chorus] - 2X [Big Pooh] I got one brother doing time in the pen Little Brother pen to it's time reaching in I gotta reach within to get myself to the pen I told my brother that he responded with a grin I knew from that look I had to take it to the chin a fresh sign of hope to us niggas in the pen My pen brought light to mommy at wits end and niggas tryna say that my shit ain't crisp These niggas I don't miss, I just get better Pooh the trendsetter better scream my name Justified when I take that aim, it's no shame I tell you right now that the kid don't stop Pooh & Pete Rock rock harder than the first one took time so you niggas had to thirst one Now we back part 2 no frills the pen much greater than the sword that's real [Chorus] - 2X [Scratching] "Ladies & Gentleman" {*3X*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Lords of the Underground Album: NY's Finest Song: The Best Secret Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com (Pete Rock scratching "The Lords!") [DoItAll] DoItAll home ladies & gentleman here we go move through the urban streets 4x4 When the terrain is rough I put the pedal to floor I'm too fast for ya'll, y'all escargot pardon my demeanor but my walk is more meaner and I kick on track heel toe ballerina but I ain't no dancer, I spread like cancer If you askin' about hip hop then DoItAll's the answer Pete do you hear how I'm talking to these youngsters? Born a nice guy but now I'm so such a monster Lord Gang in the building, all run for cover Pete Rock's so clever & Lords here forever put that all together watch us flow like rivers this here thing gone stop? It will never! Imma say this like this cause this how I see it It's Lords & Pete Rock We the best kept secret! Chorus: (Pete Rock adlibbing) Keep it to your yourself if your listening, Lords move your body like adrenaline Pete Rock please bring the rhythm in cause ain't nobody out there quivelin' The secret, the secret, the secret, we the secret the secret, the secret, the secret, the best secret! [Mr. Funke] This is Lord Gang, planet of the apes Here to serve niggas run & get your plates This is Funke man let's get it straight I'm still nice so if you a hater then hate Me & words work together like osmosis make it hard to breathe like you got tuberculosis Why they call you Funk man? C'mon you all should know this cause I breathe funke simple chronic haletosis, there will never be another like me for years I've watched niggas tryna spit like me Yeah I hear you dog (Even try to riff like me!) I'm raps Eddie Kane, you biters are all lame When did it become cool to share names? Haven't told the rules or parametes, who are these amateurs? Posing for cameras, looking like idiots this used to be glamorous, what an embarasment Chorus [Pete Rock] Been on a lotta tours, seen a lotta whores groupies frontin' like good girls but really whores Recieve a round of applause after remarkable feats I use the MPC to make y'all this heat My name's Pete & I make the crowd rock And I like moving in the whip with a loud knock This is why, this is why, this is why I'm hot I'm not MIMS but music's been my savior Let 'em reminisce or give them something to saviour or for nonsense they captivated The whole damn music industry is saturated And looking back on them years, yup I'm glad I made it, I reminisce I reminisce yeah I'm glad I made it now that's my favorite Only to tell these dudes what's real cause half of these dudes that's real these dudes that squeal And the life is ill, so don't take it for granted I thank the most high God for my son on the planet Chorus (Pete Rock scratching Lords) "Underground's my style!" "The Lords! x4" "Underground's my style!" "The Lords! x4" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Rell Album: NY's Finest Song: That's What I Am Talking About Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com [Pete Rock] Ugh here we go again, ugh my nigga Rell, Pete Rock 07, yeah sing it [Chorus: Rell & Pete Rock adlibbing] Well now that's what I'm talkin' about that's all I really need in my life Is your beautiful face & good music to take us through the night well now that's what I'm talkin' about So everybody put 'em up in the air & let the records play so we can lose it somethin' up in here [Pete Rock] At the end of the show we gon' grab a bite to eat mad at your man its alright to cheat baby girl Lemme make you feel better rub your back your feet give a lil' cheddar when we get together Your worries go away, anything that you want I go & get today put it on my bill maybe Even my name people play a lot but it's not a game relationships the same & people interacting Got a little more attention when I started rapping she left me a voicemail & text Then she came right out & said she wanted some sex I said boo my love is unconditional Kinda like Lauryn Hill's it's unintentional not a epic saga or a motion picture we gon party tonight Because tomorrow I'll miss ya [Pete Rock] Put your drink down & hit the dance floor the way these chicks look I wanna dance raw We could do it, until they turn the lights on we could do it, until they play the right song We could do it, 'till everbody's gone need a little time for us to be alone, seen the way you shake it Now I wanna hear you moan, stop acting immature talkin' about you grown, when it's time to get it crackin' Just make sure you ready don't be acting all scary like you just seen Freddy, baby girl it won't hurt Like Biggie Smalls said "Miss what's under that skirt?" It's a lotta pretty ladies that I seen on the daily Nice soap bubbles & cuter than Halle Berry I'm not here to ice grill or gun fight, just enjoy yourself & love life Chorus [Rell] That's what I'm talking about That's what I'm talking about, me & you working it out Sippin' on drinks no doubt, that's what I'm talking about put 'em up in the sky, baby girls It's alright We gone ride out tonight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Masta Killa, Raekwon Album: NY's Finest Song: The PJ's Typed by: DaSun Akbar, liquidswords93720@yahoo.com [Intro: Raekwon] Yo man get ya ass in here man You know the fucking Police looking for you man? Come on man - them niggas just left here man Come on man you know we got mad fucking blow Up in the Motherfucking lab son This nigga's off the hook man Yo Chef talk to these niggas man [Raekwon] We're bagging ounces in the back of the Maz' Ostrich on, Woolrich's, three Quarter-ness A.D.I.D.A.S. with Stan Smith's The grant's on the Stove And Aunt Lo about to come to the Lab-o She giving me some credit for clothes That's the slang work for bricks, dicks Analyze you neva know who looking It's deranged world - where snitches is enterprising Black Man hold on, like magnums in the wind 'Cause when it get cold, parole give a homey like ten What's the prognosis; drugs, guns, and ounces of Gold fish Fly reefer outta town, bitches is stone six And birds back with 18 and played C.R.E.A.M, gray beam Its lean new A.D.I.D.A.S jackets, flipping up small dean Visualizing portraits, fresh cuts, brand new Porsche's Going with hand-to-hand, serving the Source Yo, running from the Police This day-to-day lifestyle where niggas get arraigned And get chain, it's like Psycal -- blaow!! [Chorus: Pete Rock] Drug dealers, star and celebrities (Ghetto celebs) Even dudes with a few felonies (A few felonies) In the PJ's this what they telling me (Telling who?) Sniffing real hard but you're not smelling me (Smell me) The crowd yelling for 'Chef' 'Killa' and 'Pete Rock' (Pete Rock) Got 'em moving like the millennium beat box (Beat Box) Shit is all good 'til they hear the heat cock (Whooo!) Fall back and let the beat rock [Masta Killa] Degrees of experience qualifies me to speak in certain areas Where many can't reach, so I prepared a speech for y'all To then listen while I spit the hot venomous shit My whole clique sick, infested with the itchy trigger finger mob related Noodle-leanie universal flag beanie Son you wouldn't want to see me black down, Masta .4 pound Clip full of hallow tip round Turn the fucking sound up My cup running over Hennessey; the Bill Bixby Ninja Scroll, niggas that roll My son did four in the hole Tenant population, neva told, facing parole Sipped the old gold style, beat it in trial Mild-mannered .9 bandit, flow drunk Look at skunk weed sticking Razor sharp rip 'em, bites lift 'em We at the Jam direct The ghetto gospel, collaboration One work could change the nation No doubt! [Raekwon] Tuna salad and Puma rackets pushing through the projects, captain Get your money, yo show me no slacking We drive the meanest joints Shoot through Medina with a Evisu jeans and nina's Stop by juniors we're hitting cheeba Briefly, crackers observe You got the undercovers Niggas just love us, yo we know that they suckers You know what? - What? Mosey don't be nosey yo! Watch these fake niggas with these Thank You cards Them shits is bogey Snitches in the hood up to no good We would kill a lot of mothafuckas but the timing ain't good So while my bankroll climbing I'll be out on consignment, breezing Ki's with 29 letters melted the cheeses All of my paper now in real estate White folks been doing this since '69 It's billions and killer weights So prosperous moves with the jewels, with Wu Nikes on It's cool don't eva act like niggas ain't new - one! [Outro: Raekwon] Yeah! we just sit back - in the luxury toasters Sliding through the mothafucking projects Stand away from you fake ass mothafuckers Laying up in the barberShop, getting fucked up cuts We don't respect y'all (Don't respect y'all) Knaw'saying? This is Shala Louis Rich Pete Rock, Masta Killa, The Vatican One! I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Tarrey Torae Album: NY's Finest Song: Made Man Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com (Tarrey Torae singing in the background) [Pete Rock] Yo its been a blessing to be deemed a living legend, and when they started snitchin I only gave them confessions I aint stressin shit thats outta my control I done went platinum & I done went gold I done made beats for dudes who hit below the belt I guess it's about time I made a beat for myself Be positive or negative, still bitin my rhetoric and got a fanbase from Japan to Connecticut Got that medicine for everybodys sick and I rep New York like I play for the Nicks And yall could credit my kicks & pay for ya dimes bein a rapper is not an alternative to crime I done supplied it year after year beats that made babies beats that made your career So be clear my nigga when you step in the booth and be clear if your tellin the truth [Chorus: Pete Rock & Tarrey Torae] Niggas will pop you, sayin the gospel from a rap song they heard with the hip hop apostle Became chaotic & filled with mayhem at the end of the day I'll always be a made man And play the same hand that I was dealt you ain't never walked in my shoes or feel what I felt So I had to share it, it was on my brain fam Pete Rock the Soul Brother still a made man [Pete Rock] And tell them young boys burnin' spliffs in here I done been in this game for like 15 years This trick I'm pullin all the stops since when makin music needed the cops? A little before but now DJ's gettin' popped rest in peace to JMJ, Justo & Carl Blaze But what I've learned I ain't learned in no classes but it's always been my pleasure to touch the masses You bought a computer & now you connected you burning CD's but you ain't buy my records I respect it but it's gotta be respected just the same Pete Rock the first in the hip hop hall of fame With all the names you know plastered on the wall famous for they words not a basket or a ball You can have a casting call & get nothing but actors you can have a talent search & get nothin' but rappers [Pete Rock] You can dance like Diddy, or get swollen like 50 or be like every other rapper get busted with a gliccky The game real sticky & brothers get stuck but cats should know when not to push they luck Beggin' for a buck just to get on the train I got a lot of bars that's stuck on my brain I dont spit it in vein I do it for the public Pete Rock did it for y'all I hope y'all love it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Papoose Album: NY's Finest Song: Comprehend Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com [Chorus: Pete Rock] If the world comprehended at the same level all sense would be common Some will late bloom some have impecable timing, I said I did it with precision And please dont try to duplicate this rendition (x2) [Papoose] I'm the mixtape artist of the year, hip hop quotable of the month I'm the DVD most promotional on the front Most call me Papoose, you could call me what you want every Thursday, the Drama Hour I opened up when that storm hit the south and New Orleans sunk Me and Kanye the only MC's who spoke up Taught you how to play monopoly, rise from the streets Who am I? I'm the hip hop police - they was undercover But I made them look obvious now they some lost souls they souls is bodyless from chest to hustle hard You heard that track? (I heard that) God damnit I brought Green Lantern back I'm the female rapper's favorite male rapper Dropped 10 mixtapes, I gave y'all chapters Say my name when you sneeze, Pap it's a blessing and honor to be in this session Pete Rock is a legend [Chorus] - 2X [Papoose] I'm the callin' the stress of a guns melancholy high watchin' the judge objectify me I ever get wet I'm hopin' the sunset will dry me real thugs will come clever wisely, I was always ahead of myself So now I'm one step behind me when it comes to thoroughcation my son's reppin' lively Even momma's boy carry they guns next to mommy they got jails with more sales than omni These funny dogs say money talks none of my funds never polly, copt one lick shot None of my tongues never tie me shotgun gun shots spread when they plunge from the shotty I doubt if the suns ever try me cause all my niggas got bodies on they guns Guns on they bodies These hard punks want what they battery charged up Claim they got big balls yet they really large cunts since it's everyday war when I spark up I mix the green weed with brown & smoke a camoflauge blunt [Chorus] - 2X "Now put that in your pipe and smoke it!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Slum Village Album: NY's Finest Song: Gangsta Boogie Typed by: liquidswords93720@yahoo.com (Pete Rock adlibbing) "Gangsta Boogie...Gangsta Boogie" [Elzhi] You now rockin' with best, to get the snot blocked within they chest concot not with the oxygen & breath Study the man the way you might of done an exam I'm a G like ten hundred, one lump summer's a grand Some of them planned to stop me shinin' the vendetta's got me rhymin', forever like a rocky diamond Disturbin' the thinking, highschool I'm serving them geeks Murder the Inc like Ja Rule & Irv when they linked Catch El holding his tip, scrotum his grip even when I'm not controlling my slip full with the grip, poetry spit By yours truly, is a treat pidgeon feet groupie whore screw me in a suite in Venice Beach, you know my MO Trim fro, brim low, gyms glow, Timbo slim hoe in my limo imagine it I'll have you click & your management Disappear & vanish half as quick as a magic trick a throat slitter you in the prescense of danger I'm old school like dope dealers that dress with a pager in my profession I write definite bangers that leave you twisted like reppin' the West with your finger [Chorus: Slum Village] It's the P with the V from NY to the D comin' through with the heat we got the "Gangsta Boogie" And spit fire like a lit wire that split in the pit fibers and bzzz you hit by the "Gangsta Boogie" Every ghetto it's the meadow never settle for your level kept it real-o from the get-go it's that "Gangsta Boogie" Brush waves beneath the caps plus blades & speaker amps bust strays when heaters clap it's that "Gangsta Boogie" [T3] You remind me of the man behind the glass but you won't see pussy God, just fiends & pass My life is like a fair, my speech is cash tracks I light from the ask Inhale the essence, blow it out then I flick the ash plus I'm old fire because my best my last I'm just a nobody who made it from a small group back in the day when Pete first flipped the loops I was a outcast that outlast most cats you know these rappers today they kinda go fast I seen careers go up & down like eyelashes one album deals then niggas dead exposed caskets Split my ladies mat (correction?) I kinda hate that when I know we classic like Marley Marl's a-tracks When I get the chance I never plan to waste that now I'm serving you helping hands to hella payback [Elzhi] Pimpin' I'm back, sippin' the yack, grippin' the stack tippin' my hat, limpin' the Lac Rippin' the track, pimpin' I'm back and this time I'm hungry for the jackpot I'm tryna blow at least one junkie in the crackspot this bread winner spread lead in ya Ya bleed from red from that hair splitter it shares from the dead thinner, they should of told you and said I burnt vocals when letters squirt redder skirt, Red Alert, cold blue you either kneel or get knocked to the floor, glock near the sock of the drawer lockin' the door, now I'm on the block owning stock, rockin velour shockin' I'm sure, forgotten how my pockets is poor true to the art, rip tools & chew `em apart skip school to rip fools but the student was smart you will never see a nother nigga like me bruh to spit a rap to spin ya fitted cap on your caesar I must the nicest on dusty devices lit a dutchie to write this & trust me it's priceless you wish you wrote this way I'm A-1, you could hope & pray Jehovah's way like a old & gray nun, but it's no chance it's never fair To slow dance with Fred Astaire with a full head of hair [Pete Rock adlibbing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun Album: Monumental Song: Monumental Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Verse 1: Tek] I let the music talk to me, I reply to the mike Who relays it to the board and tells the engineer record He matched me to the track like the leaves of a tree We beautiful together like the L and the V (Louie) My bond to the music, living for the people You can hear our conversation through the speakers (Hear me) Ten stacks of ink in my flesh Spend money, get money, your boy ain't done yet Dropping in the drop, six forty-five The AC on, heat forty-five I'm hood tested, streets approve A gemini with many moves (That's me) I could change the colors in your ring My Italian boys ba da boom, ba da bing (forget about it) My work ethic is epic You don't have to like it but you will respect it [Chorus: Tyler Woods] Celebrate till we are on top of your girl Look at your summer, I'm on top of the world I sit on the set, this time it's a bet Anything I want, you know I could get I'm high off of life, doing it right Empire state, view of the lights Put your glass in the air, the sky's the limit Make a toast cuz we here, you know how we did it (It's monumental)	 [Refrain: Tyler Woods] This is for the hustlers, this is for the homies Ride through the hood with me This is for the soldiers, this is for the riders This is strictly for my Gs [Verse 2: Steele] Peep the chemisty, I'm a scientist You see the imagery, I envision what power is I'm a novelist, known scholars acknowledge this Home grown, yea Tone about his biz You know what it is, fam first, vow to my nig See the future every time I look at my kids Monumental, influential, incidental, them boys official She how they do over instrumentals, became artists The game start them We train hard like heavyweights in the Garden Remain humble, the jungle tear you apart When you're tired on your carpet, cold in your apartment It can happen to you, it can't happen to me I stay on top of my game, keep an ear to the streets Keep an ear in the streets, you can hear and repeat Leaving truths for the youth, you can follow my feet [Chorus: Tyler Woods] [Pete Rock] Sometimes, I be in the studio, just zoning out Relaxed and writing lyrics down each day and out No doubt, I used to run around NY but never without The inspiration of hip hop before I head out Rest in peace to Mr. Magic If it wasn't for Herc or [The Incredible Bongo] Band, we wouldn't have this It's hard to get rid of me like a bad habit Your thoughts I can read them like X-Men, embarrassing Pete is ever lasting, consider me a high dose for aspirin Soothing to the dome, haters, get off my throne I'm in the zone, don't stop me It's like tenth-round, Apollo Creed and Rocky, I stick and move And stay true to what's real Like the Price is Right, turn back the spinning wheel Pete Rock, he been around, doing hip hop for sound I make history leap every single bound I'm no clown, I get it in, you already know From the grill of Pete Rock, niggas act like you know I'm no clown, I get it in, you already know From the grill of Pete Rock, niggas act like you know It's monumental [Chorus: Tyler Woods] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Sean Price, Styles P Album: Monumental Song: That's Hard Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Sample from Earl Sixteen "No Mash Up Dance"] Di dread at di control, international, control all thru di world  Nuh version we martial we nuh partial  We play nuff bwoy selections without objection!!! [Styles P] Two rudeboys!!! Tek and Steele whattup I love y'all [Pete Rock Scratchin] Styles P!!! [Verse One: Styles P] I ain't tell you that I'm local brother (Yeah!)  I keep the Tek and Steele like the Cocoa Brovaz My niggas still Smif-N-Wessun to me (MY G!!!) Hard headed to God bodies, couldn't teach a lesson to me Aqui's couldn't reach me, neither could the church boys I was outside with a gun movin that work boy (I was outside!) Whattup natty head, bull head, beard men Some niggas sizzlin us we can't sear men A fried to a frickaseed, and I'm no Wiccan So I don't wear roseries or thicker beads No crosses, no Bible or Qu'ran, just survival on my mind With a gun up on my palm All spiritual nigga, I'm all lyrical Dyin to come back I'm the ghost of all miracles (GHOST!) I told them I could stare at Medusa (I could!)  They think that I'm high but I'm really tryin to stay in the future and shoot ya!!! Nigga! Ghost! [Interlude: Pete Rock Scratchin] G-G-G-'Gon take that shit out of somebody...somebody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Memphis Bleek Album: Monumental Song: Top of the World Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] "Ay y'all, I want to let y'all know  {Smif-N-Wessun} is gonna do this record and the people gonna come up And do they little thing y'all. {Smif, S-Smif-N-Wessun} {Pete Rock} One, two {Pete Rock} (SHOUT!) Y'know my man, you know he's down by law ...{Smif-N-Wessun} in the place to be We gon' have a lil' fun. {Smif, Smif, Smif, Smif-N-Wessun} {Pete Rock} You think we got it together yet? Wassup, wassup how are you? I need everybody cooperation at this time, c'mon gimme a soul clap" [Verse One: Tek] My mind ain't here (Yeah) Shit been gone (Nigga!) Niggas can't comprehend the shit that I'm on (I'm coo coo for cocoa puffs nigga!) Raised as a rebel, danced with the devil (WOOOO!!!) Niggas can't get on my level swing at me!!! I'm history in the makin Be with the dreads so they think I'm Jamaican (AH BWOY!!!) They throw consignment on the loan I get it and I run it back like Thomas Jones Play my position like a wide out (Like a wide out) Guns in the slot when I ride out (Slot when I ride out) And I'm H-N-I-C From N-Y-C!!! Free Prodigy!!! Sling more O's than the alphabet If I ain't got it, they ain't invent it yet You know the city of the gunplay Make a million dollars on any given sunday (OWWWWWWWWWW!!!!) [Steele] We seen hard time [Tek] (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun): Came from the bottom so we mean on the grind (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Pete Rock] Big dreams in my eyes [Steele] (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun)]: Though some fail others succeed over time (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Tek] And reach for the skies [Pete Rock] (*Steele) (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun): All you gotta do (*Is believe you can fly) (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Tek] Go hard [Steele] In due time, find true reward [Pete Rock] When you shine [Steele] (Pete Rock) That's when you on top of the world (We on top of the world) You on top of the world (We on top of the world)  Top of the world (We on top of the world) [Verse Two: Memphis Bleek] (Pete Rock) Top, when I shine, you shine Everybody get in position in due time New York State of Mind, always on the grind Seventeen shots in the 9 (OWWWWWWWWWW!!!!) Stay away from swine, pigs they be one us FUCK the informants, tell them motherfuckers that I'm tourin Plus tell the haters, I crossed the equator -- twice I done seen places where it's six months a night (uh!) But I come from the crib, flytraps on the ceiling Roaches on the wall, but I'm hustlin out the building Smokers cop and go, lady on the phone tellin cops 'bout the flow But this is Get Low, seen in Jamaica, migratin from the stress They call us kush gang 'cause we only smoke the best (Best) With the Smif-N-Wes' (WOO!), Brooklyn show respect (OWWWWWWWWWW!!!!) YES!! [Steele] We seen hard time [Tek] (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun): Came from the bottom so we mean on the grind (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Pete Rock] Big dreams in my eyes [Steele] (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessu)]: Though some fail others succeed over time (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Tek] Reach for the skies [Pete Rock] (*Steele) (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun): All you gotta do (*Is believe you can fly) (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Tek] Go hard [Steele] In due time, find true reward [Pete Rock] When you shine [Steele] (Pete Rock) That's when you on top of the world (We on top of the world) You on top of the world (We on top of the world)  Top of the world (We on top of the world) [Verse Three: Steele] (Pete Rock) Yeah! I'm in love with New York, I ain't talkin 'bout Tiffany New York I'm in love with my city From the grimey to the gritty from the shiny to the ritzy From the courtyard to the Garden where the Knicks be (WOOOO!!!!) Fitted cap Yankee, pitcher like Pettitte In the dougie blowin stankee I know how to get it plus the repertoire lanky I know how to spit it See me at the world series in the race for the pennant I'm the New York Giant (Giant) Name on the poster Couldn't even be as high if you was sittin on my shoulders Still like I could put the Brooklyn Bridge on my back Strong high I rep the city I ain't talkin 'bout attack You can tell where I'm from it don't matter where I'm at From the Tim's to the grin to the jeans to the strap With a grand lookin mean to the means we get trapped Know we mean everything and we scream in our rap [Steele] We seen hard time [Tek] (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun): Came from the bottom so we mean on the grind (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Pete Rock] Big dreams in my eyes [Steele] (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessu)]: Though some fail others succeed over time (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Tek] Reach for the skies [Pete Rock] (*Steele) (Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun): All you gotta do (*Is believe you can fly) (WE ON TOP OF THE WORLD!) [Tek] Go hard [Steele] In due time, find true reward [Pete Rock] When you shine [Steele] (Pete Rock) That's when you on top of the world (We on top of the world) You on top of the world (We on top of the world)  Top of the world (We on top of the world) [Outro 5X: Pete Rock Scratchin] "Pete Rock"-CL Smooth "Smif-S-Smif-N-Wessun"-Steele "Let's"-Memphis Bleek "Smif-Smif-N-Wessun"-Steele "Memphis Bleek"-Jay-Z "Let's Go!"-Memphis Bleek The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Bun B, Rock (Heltah Skeltah) Album: Monumental Song: Feel Me Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Smif-N-Wessun] (Sample from "Who Ya Wit?" by Jay-Z) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, uh huh, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, uh!) Fall back and just (Check the repertoire, uh huh) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, feel this) Fall back and, just (Check the repertoire) [Verse One: Tek] Bottle of Melou and the four fifth Big beard tattooed face, who waan rip?  You can be the genie in the bottle Jack in the box, different than the model I'm what the block made me Defense impregnable, gun game crazy Can't wait 'til the word get back And I ensure I rise how ignorant the mack act I stand chain out, with the flamer If it don't kill ya, definetly name ya (YOU KNOOOOOWWWW!!!!) I mean really do a number Sit you down for a half if not the whole summer My nephew asked if I wanna see him get like (I align strong two g's) Until him get right I fell asleep in the Porche behind the wheel Woke up comin off the wall and that's real [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Verse Two: Steele] The rhyme gravel 'em high the mind travel Defy Darryl your eye meet nine barrel Like Shyne Barrow the cannon be under the camel I'm focused, look into the eye of the sparrow Drop vowels at rhyme battles Snatch the crown of the king have crooks in your castles Like Roy Harbs with a bat, duke I'm a natural And my apparel is all black when I get at you This rap is fire been rappin to void distract you Pen to position I should write with a scalpel The surgeon general carve lyrical statutes And I'm original I ain't like other rap dudes  Act rude, spit facts holdin my cashews Cash flew I don't like rules guess I'm irrational A jack ass too act new I'm a smack you Ask who clapped? Just Smif-N-Wessun that's who  [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Verse Three: Bun B] It's just one man, one gun, one clip, one trigga One second to die and that's comin from one nigga (Nigga!) Stand back I'm the one man Delta Force Wanna play cowboy that heater will melt ya horse (Horse!) Pull up on a nigga block in a mail truck Mailbag hangin with the nina and it well tucked (Tucked!) Ring your doorbell package for signin Soon as you open te door I'll split ya back with the nine (Nine!) My vernacular shine so I ain't gotta wear the chain often (Nope!) I'll crack ya hard ass head and let ya brain soften (Damn!) Because my mama ain't raised no suckers (No suckers!) Don't make me leave your forehead on your chuckers (Chuckers!) Motherfuckers said a tornado hit Brooklyn (Brooklyn!) Nah that was just me son but good lookin (Lookin!) What you got cookin? (Cookin) Bitch nigga fricasseed  Trill O.G. I give a fuck what a nigga say!!! [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Verse Four: Rock] 'Cause this the mr. monster man Rocko, monster man Gotto Don't try, monster man scar your fam pronto Monster man hard to glam at you, hear me I pop toast With a squad of marauders bangin all for that gwop though I got crasah test dummies (Dummies!) that blast it for me (For me!) Do anything I tell them 'bout some cash bread money (Money!) Chad said he bummy (Bummy!) Now that nigga bummy fly Fast cheddar comin in from Cuba you rep junkies high! The beat body ya single the song slaughterer So long suckers I do the same shit to all of ya (All of ya) Handle the biscuit, animalistic, your man and your bitch Get blammed in the hip, for ampin this shit, go 'head! You feel lucky?! Go ahead approach the God Video tape this shit for a episode of Scarred (EWWWWW!!!) Niggas think they slick we more greasy  Fuck a License To Ill my Boys Beastie!!! [Chorus: Rock] (*Pete Rock Scratchin) Yeah! I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I need you to feel me without hands on this one (DON'T TOUCH!) This is really where I stand on this one (IT'S ALL LOVE) If it ain't clear to land or get slumped Got plans to get one check the repertoire ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) [Outro: Smif-N Wessun] (Sample from "Who Ya Wit?" by Jay-Z) (*Pete Rock Scratchin) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, uh huh, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, uh!) Fall back and just (Check the repertoire, uh huh) ("That's-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) I just want you to (Feel me on this one, feel this) Know what I'm talkin 'bout? (Feel me on this one, yeah) Can you? (Feel me on this one, feel this) Fall back and, just (Check the repertoire) ("T-T-That's how I feel"-Audio Two) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/Freeway Album: Monumental Song: Roses Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Freeway] Ok! Steele! Tek! Philly Freezer Smif-N-Wess!!! That's right! [Steele] All praised be man you know what it is! [Freeway] We in the buildin! Philly to BK! [Steele] Pete Rock! And Smif-N-Wessun! [Freeway] Tek! Get 'em! [Verse One: Tek] (Pete Rock) If you love me say your lovin me man (Lovin me man) Dont wait 'til I'm gone to say your lovin me fam (Lovin me fam) 'Cause, when it's said and done and ya said nothin (Uh) You 'gon be wishin that you would've said somethin (No Doubt) I can't smell the creed when I'm six feet, deep In the box with dirt, thrown on top of me (Word) Why you wanna wait tell I'm not pleasin (I Don't know son) To cry on my chest so tell me how you was feelin (Uh huh) Just say I'll tell 'em, let 'em see me at my best (At your best) But your not knowin how much time is left (Uh huh) You keep sayin well I'll get around to it (To it) But they say the same thing so nobody ever do it (No doubt) I've been through it, wishin I could take it back (Uh!) Turn the clock back, to where we fell out at (What) If I could I part waters like Moses (Uh huh) And give you dozens while you can still smell the roses  [Chorus: Freeway] Still got love here, you thought all the love was gone I do what my brothers do, not when while my brothers gone Now when all the love gone, you wish that the love would stay I do what my brothers do, pray to who my brothers pray...too Still got love here, you thought all the love was gone I do what my brothers do, not when while my brothers gone Now when all the love gone, you wish that the love would stay I do what my brothers do, pray to who my brothers pray.... too [Verse Two: Tek] (Steele) Just think (Just think) If BIG and 'Pac made peace (And you could say somethin to both of them what would it be?) What about your brother just got murdered? (When you was cryin sayin sorry do you think that he heard it?) For seven years, sisters not speakin (Car accident claimed one and now the other tweakin) One cousin killed the next over three keys (That sound like Rich and 'Po if you ask me?) Mother and daughter at each others throat) (Daughter get raped) Mother can't cope Never said sorry, before they left home (She felt she ruined her life so she took her own) Now daddy fucked up drugs gettin sucked up (He got a grandbaby that he gotta raise up) If I could I part waters like Moses And give you dozens while you could still smell the roses [Chorus: Freeway] Still got love here, you thought all the love was gone I do what my brothers do, not when while my brothers gone Now when all the love gone, you wish that the love would stay I do what my brothers do, pray to who my brothers pray.....too Still got love here, you thought all the love was gone I do what my brothers do, not when while my brothers gone Now when all the love gone, you wish that the love would stay I do what my brothers do, pray to who my brothers pray.... too [Verse Three: Steele] (Pete Rock) Bismillah Al-Rahman Al-Raheem My life real, but sometimes, it seems like a dream My aqui, advised me to stay up on my theme Get thanks for what I have go hard for what I need Think fast when time to eat (Time to eat baby!) We in this together like two feet knee deep 'til we deceased (Uh!) Some say it's the honor out here in these streets (Yeah!) Who heart really pure who sure about their own peeps (Let 'em know!) My friends are my fam his are each 'Cause when they, gone to sleep, we mourn and weep While they, still on they feet, salute when we greet That's how soldiers show respect when troop to the beat (Yeah) If I never say the word it ain't 'cause I ain't mean it You could judge by my deeds that I pledge my allegiance (No doubt) If I could I part waters like Moses And give you dozens while you could still smell the roses [Chorus: Freeway] Still got love here, you thought all the love was gone I do what my brothers do, not when while my brothers gone Now when all the love gone, you wish that the love would stay I do what my brothers do, pray to who my brothers pray...too Still got love here, you thought all the love was gone I do what my brothers do, not when while my brothers gone Now when all the love gone, you wish that the love would stay I do what my brothers do, pray to who my brothers pray....too The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun Album: Monumental Song: Fire Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Tek] Uh! Man I never did no shit like this before man I just keep hearin this fuckin voice in my head man It's like it's good vs. evil really man On one side I hear somethin, and on the other side I hear some other shit [Verse One: Tek] (Steele) It feel like fire (Fire) Shut up in your bones What's this devilish shit you on? (It's like the body of a vampire, you knocturnal, you don't tire) Only move around in the dark The light burns your skin you have no heart (They call me Mr. Sinister, arch angel, Lucifer) I'm a son to the anarchy I'll show you the way if you follow me (And I come in many shapes, the message I spread to you, is HATE!) And I'm a catch you a homicide They killed your cousin in your face and you 'gon let it slide?! (But I got plans for ya, do this for me I'll show ya how my child adore ya) [Chorus: Tek] (Smif-N-Wessun) I feel like I'm torn (FIRE!) What's right or wrong? (FIRE!) All my thoughts are lethal (FIRE!) I see dead people (FIRE!) Lord help me! I feel like I'm torn (FIRE!) What's right or wrong? (FIRE!) All my thoughts are lethal (FIRE!) I see dead people (FIRE!) Lord help me! [Verse Two: Tek] (Steele) Now do it just how we planned (Get right up on him and BLAM!) You can do it from the front or behind (But I wanna see a nigga lose his mind) And don't worry 'bout the police (That's just one less nigga on the streets) And now this block is yours (His girl is yours!) The world is yours! (I'm just a voice in ya head) A figment of your imagination instead (And I spoke to the best of them, got a long list and I ain't get to the rest of them) (And not yet, how much you wanna bet, I make you go postal shootout your projects) (Or you whole school, you a young fool, and don't nobody love you like I do) [Chorus: Tek] (Smif-N-Wessun) I feel like I'm torn (FIRE!) What's right or wrong? (FIRE!) All my thoughts are lethal (FIRE!) I see dead people (FIRE!) Lord help me! I feel like I'm torn (FIRE!) What's right or wrong? (FIRE!) All my thoughts are lethal (FIRE!) I see dead people (FIRE!) Lord help me! [Verse Three: Steele] (Tek) My child! I have a place you could rest And take the stress off your chest Just sell me your soul and we go To the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow I make you rich (Celebrity overnight) Fuck bitches (Sell drugs) Live your life (Don't need to worry 'bout nothin!) Keep on gunnin, keep on hustlin (Plus I know how to make it pop) Oh you a hot boy? I know you like it hot (So give a nigga up, go 'head, wear a wire set a nigga up) (And all your care about is Benji's) Triflin you don't feed the hood, you stingy! (And it's just a dream and it don't seem right) (You ever danced with the devil in the pale moon light?) [Chorus: Tek] (Smif-N-Wessun) I feel like I'm torn (FIRE!) What's right or wrong? (FIRE!) All my thoughts are lethal (FIRE!) I see dead people (FIRE!) Lord help me! I feel like I'm torn (FIRE!) What's right or wrong? (FIRE!) All my thoughts are lethal (FIRE!) I see dead people (FIRE!) Lord help me! [Outro: Smif-N-Wessun] FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE!  [Pete Rock]: This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wess! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Tek....FIRE!!! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Tek and Steele FIRE!!! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE! We are the best! FIRE! This Smif-N-Wessun! FIRE!......... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Jahdan Blakkamore, Top Dog Album: Monumental Song: This One Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample from "Stone Love"] Special request to each and every one! [Sample from "Fuzzy Jones"] Hear dis! All dem likkle soundbwoy weh a go 'round And gwaan like seh some a dem, dem a di champion! Let me tell yuh dis! I will electricute a soundbwoy and let dem hold dem corna 'Cause when it comes to music we a di gorgon so come!!!!!! [Jahdan Blakkamore] This one!!!!! [Chorus: Jahdan Blakkamore] This one! A classic shoutout to my borough Worldwide we stay thorough nuff a dem caan lock it like This one! A ride out for my P-N-C My family tree we have di ting set up from How long! We come fi ram up di dance Yuh dun know di ting sell off from we step across From we touch di stage dat's where di niceness start Promoter and dem friend dem just a laugh (Weh dem seh?) Dem seh Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! (Weh dem seh!) Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! [Verse One: Steele] Yeah! What the blooclaat?! The Brooklyn boy that run blocks Open up shop and duckin from cops and gunshots Dollar van Flatbush rudebwoys on back blocks Got that grand daddy kush I'm back watch the God  Always rollin up that pronto leaf, constantly I'm conquerin Anyone or anything that's blockin my accomplishments (Don Gorgon!) We are the king of the establishments Tek and +Steelie Bashment+ control the sound clashes [Verse Two: Tek] A hustler's thought, don't get caught And more showcase diamonds don't get bought  The shortcut twin thing A and B is an angle So have one, before yuh dangle Yuh life on di line (Line) Girl yuh look fine (Fine) Cock up, di body and wine, wine Now, mami waan grind pon mi (Mi!) Dem ask if a she a guh happy fi see (See!) 'Cause she figure hardness my apology Likkle does she know it's fi forty pon mi [Verse Three: Steele] Now this man don't need introduction We lock upon di guns are tucked in 'Til one likkle punk jump like him tough and Likkle drummer go ra pom pom pom upon dem This is a warnin, ring di alarm we warrin Guns drawn when I heard that your boy's an informant Weh we call him, dat bwoy deh dead man walkin Fire pon a rass for the trash dat he talkin [Verse Four: Tek] Upon inna di dance with a kind a squaddy (Dy) Three Trini boy and two Yardie (Die) Team's on sag (Sag) Know y'all mad (Mad) 'Cause the button broke can't turn off the swag Watch me put wings on bees Diamonds on bezels, block boys play with heavy metal If ya violate then you get violated The style can't beat, tort or even duplicated [Bridge: Jahdan Blakkamore] Dem seh Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! (Weh dem seh!) Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! [Chorus: Jahdan Blakkamore] This one! A classic shoutout to my borough Worldwide we stay thorough nuff a dem caan lock it like This one! A ride out for my P-N-C My family tree we have di ting set up from How long! We come fi ram up di dance Yuh dun know di ting sell off from we step across From we touch di stage dat's where di niceness start Promoter and dem friend dem just a laugh (Weh dem seh?) Dem seh Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! (Weh dem seh!) Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! [Verse Five: Top Dog] Guns, guns, everyday (Everyday) From London, Canada and the U.S.A (U.S.A) Guns, guns, people spray (People spray) Look out for two shotta mi from di AK Mi have a trailor load a gun if yuh waan to pop off Any pussy in my way mi haffi, kill dem off Yuh try to seh we fell off I laff (I Laff!) Yuh can neva catch mi dwellin in di past (In di past) Gimme a shot just hit my glass (Hit my glass) Di soldier girls they got ya caught up inna draft Mi have a trailor load a gun if yuh waan to pop off Di pussy in my way mi haffi, kill dem off [Bridge: Sample from Fuzzy Jones] Nineteen! drum pan sound a come fi test di champion sound! And none a dem can neva catch we! [Pete Rock Scratchin]: Trailor-Trailor load a double barrel, pack di trigga and fire like this! [Chorus: Jahdan Blakkamore] This one! A classic shoutout to my borough Worldwide we stay thorough nuff a dem caan lock it like This one! A ride out for my P-N-C My family tree we have di ting set up from How long! We come fi ram up di dance Yuh dun know di ting sell off from we step across From we touch di stage dat's where di niceness start Promoter and dem friend dem just a laugh (Weh dem seh?) Dem seh Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! (Weh dem seh!) Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Buckshot Album: Monumental Song: Night Time Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Sample from Richard Pryor] What's happenin? Shit I know somethin happenin?! 'Cause everything groovin! Wow! This is very exciting, very exciting I'm glad y'all came Yeah glad y'all talkin to the show [Pete Rock Scratchin]: Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-YES NIYAH!!!-Beenie Man [Verse One: Tek] (Steele) A few shots of Patron that got me rollin so I jumped in the beamer Got baby girl who pussy so wet it run like Katrina She got on them high heels and they red on the bottom The Loboutins I be re-routin her head game is a problem (And I'm a man of my word, fuck what ya heard) (Get it in clips, get it in six, soldiers get the whole bird) Urk ya to third, pitch it and serve, dip it and swerve Fuck ya girl in the mouth, 'til it a curve With the night air that I breathe it got me sinnin fuckin women Gettin money with niggas I ain't like, in the beginnin Another shot and I'm gone, straight in the fifth gear Diamonds and the wrist wear thank the Lord I'm here Sex fiend gwopaholic I'm a drink it if I pour it How much I'm gonna move before it said and done I can't call it Treat to the end, believe and then I do it again Live through my son and I know we 'gon win [Chorus: Buckshot] Focus on the schemes in the night, bees in the night Lookin for the D's in the night, see we in the light Everyday we fiend for the night, triple beam tight Aimin next team take flight, so see the light Focus on the schemes at night, bees in the night Lookin for the D's in the night, see we in the light Everyday we fiend for the night, triple beam tight Aimin next team take flight, so see the light 'Cause we like the night [Verse Two: Steele] Yeah! Camoflauge gremlins patrollin the rooftop The youth got the Juice like 2Pac Official crews move syncronized when maneuverin through blocks They plot to take the hoochie that you got Recruit movin old hoopty new uzi tucked in the toolbox My dudes got the news in the loose spot, your too hot Lay low niggas with bank rolls, to thank though You gotta stop ack I don't think so, we got it locked Load it we controllin the herb potent  I'm rolin smoke, foldin notes, spoilin off no go, like Hall & Oates Zone coastin, I'm, watchin the roma float Call the folks, couple of corner huggers who hold the toast Professional, run the biz uncontrollable Wisdom touch spirits have niggas catchin the holy ghost Keep denyin my enemies and my homies close Be cautious in what you talkin and where you walkin though [Chorus: Buckshot] Focus on the schemes in the night, bees in the night Lookin for the D's in the night, see we in the light Everyday we fiend for the night, triple beam tight Aimin next team take flight, so see the light Focus on the schemes at night, bees in the night Lookin for the D's in the night, see we in the light Everyday we fiend for the night, triple beam tight Aimin next team take flight, so see the light 'Cause we like the night [Verse Three: Pete Rock] Fiends chasin demons, gamblers tryin they best to break even your seed Wakin up weezin, two shots primatine Homeless man freezin, taxi cab speedin right by If you black or Puerto Rican undercover d's reachin Why service a wallet? Late nights trip to Harlem for some beef and brollic could be a problem After dark is when the drama starts lives fall apart A whole 'lot of shit pops off  And body parts get dropped off at Van Cortlandt Park, either that or Orchard You see the DVD, R.I.P. Rich Porter Pete Rock yeah you peeped me in the gorgeous quarter to eight Hydro plane and down to Palisades Throwback cat like Mantle and Babe And I could still Shut 'Em Down like a Mariano save Anytime, the Merlou sipper, Peter unwind Always watchin my back lookin for one time [Verse Four: Buckshot] One, two, in the A.M. Be the math on the wrist, the last on the strip Fiends see the glass, the hit, and go for a strike Bases loaded 'cause everybody loaded with pipes But these bags don't push no sound 'Cause they will get you bagged by police and get, pushed in the ground You hear that "WOOP WOOP!" around before they surround you Like the bow ties that to be too close I left you Now if you wanna get into some gangsta shit that's fine Do me a favor? Close your mouth and get on that line 'Cause night time be the right time to get off my crime Like teeth, on a nigga sleep this is my grind We in the dugout, 'cause everybody here spittin and we all bugged out Better brings your rays to the clubhouse My snub's 'bout, 38 on my waist About two seconds in travelin on your face route, no doubt [Chorus: Buckshot] Focus on the schemes in the night, bees in the night Lookin for the D's in the night, see we in the light Everyday we fiend for the night, triple beam tight Aimin next team take flight, so see the light Focus on the schemes at night, bees in the night Lookin for the D's in the night, see we in the light Everyday we fiend for the night, triple beam tight Aimin next team take flight, so see the light 'Cause we like the night The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun f/ Black Rob Album: Monumental Song: (I'm A) Stand Up Guy Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Pete Rock] Uh! Come On! [Verse One: Tek] Ain't no love loss, when the bullets get tossed And you know it's all fair in love and war How your man say he fam when he's fuckin your broad? (How?) He run around contemplatin knockin you off. How your connect got papers (How?) All this work fire 4-1-0 like he livin through The Wire He know the old sayin but you still gotta show 'em  You only trust a nigga as far as you can throw 'em [Verse Two: Steele]  That's why we keep friends close enemies closer H for holsters for snakes and cobras Fake smile on they face like they think they know ya I don't know that brother he the type that snitch on his soldiers He was down with the whole scene part of the whole thing When he got caught switched up on the whole team I don't need friends stick to P-N-C And B. Rob when we mob see our reality [Chorus: Black Rob] (Pete Rock) I'm a stand up guy, when I say put' em up, just put 'em high (Uh!) Just say what you say to my face, look me in my eye No matter who you are (What) Or who you were (What) There's always some nigga try assasinate your character I'm a stand up guy, when I say put' em up, just put 'em high (Uh!) Just say what you say to my face, look me in my eye No matter who you are, or who you were (What) There's always some nigga try assasinate your character [Verse Three: Black Rob] Man alot of dudes talkin portray that image Only to get sacked at the line of scrimmage Always startin somethin that they can't finish Actin like it's all love like the game of tennis All the dude's paper work find your name in a minute You know the type, run around like you straight up menace That's the reason why I do dirt with no co-d's So when the people askin questions you don't know me I mean I seen it comin up, dudes sell they soul Just to get lesser time and come home parole You know hoe Feds like to make them threats with no bottle When you let 'em see you sweat they like hmmm we got him! The prospect of never seein your family again Contemplatin will I be live again? Too late, once your cooperatin with them Your looked at, differently, through the eyes of men [Chorus: Black Rob] (Pete Rock) I'm a stand up guy, when I say put' em up, just put 'em high (What!) Just say what you say to my face, look me in my eye (Uh!) No matter who you are, or who you were (Yeah!) There's always some nigga try assasinate your character I'm a stand up guy, when I say put' em up, just put 'em high (Uh!) Just say what you say to my face, look me in my eye No matter who you are, or who you were (What!) There's always some nigga try assasinate your character [Verse Four: Tek] I don't say no names, write down no dates or times Soon as I heara little glitch I switch up my lines 'Cause, I washed my hands with friends It's just a tight circle that I call my men's And the bitches on the bullshit lookin for a sport Move out the old hood to become a new whore (OWWWW!!!!) Niggas stay blinded by the pussy and the shine Instead of bein focused and stayin on the grind [Verse Five: Steele] (Pete Rock) Man! If loyalty don't kill ya the gun will (Tell 'em!) Alot of people playin that role and none real (Uh!) But you can recognize 'em by the look in they grill You can smell fear on 'em like they lookin to peel Quick to rell d's on 'em dudes is lookin to squeal (Uh!) Julian got knocked and he ain't look for a deal One for the team is how you look at the field (Yeah!) But shit it ain't hard to find when you lookin to vield [Chorus: Black Rob] (Pete Rock) I'm a stand up guy, when I say put' em up, just put 'em high (Uh!) Just say what you say to my face, look me in my eye  No matter who you are (Uh!) Or who you were (What!) There's always some nigga try assasinate your character I'm a stand up guy, when I say put' em up, just put 'em high (High!) Just say what you say to my face, look me in my eye (Uh!) No matter who you are, or who you were (What!) There's always some nigga try assasinate your character (Uh!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Smif-N-Wessun Album: Monumental Song: Go Off Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Verse One: Steele] (Tek) This thing build from the ground up Around hounds and pups it sounds tough salute to the founders Grew up underground with the shooters and scoundrels Don't assume what confuse us with the losers around you (Stay in tuned with the movers) Got the news of them clowns too (A little birdie told me how he think that he found you) I'm deuce like to let me loose in the booth with the pound too Crush a dog out a squad call the mob to surround you [Verse Two: Tek] (Steele) Chuck Tee's!!! With a beast got sweatshirts Black Republic chain, millionaire net worth (Firfty cal with some white Hennessy I'm the O-N-E!!!) Y'all are Mini Me's! Plus! You know my style's undeniable (Bullets untraceable) Respect unbuyable! So! Kill yourself if you curse my name Before you face the mob and the Beard Gang! [Chorus: Tek] (Smif-N-Wessun) (*Pete Rock Scratchin) (I'm goin off!) Like a grenade, with a bullpen (I'm goin off!) Like a Lifer, that's fresh in (I'm goin off!) Like a mob flick, you see the credits (I'm goin off!) Like a hungry fat bitch yeah I said it! (I'm goin off!) Like a nigga built off revenge (*G-G-G-Go off I go off!-"Spoonie Gee") (I'm goin off!) Like a shots from a cannon (*G-G-G--G-Go off I go off!-"Spoonie Gee") [Verse Three: Tek] (Steele) (Come on!) Black rocks (What!) In my black watch (What!) I'm in all black (I'm on my black ops!) My hammer back like the roof is Burn your top like a steak out of Ruth's (Yeah! You killa killa be a killa! Cause ain't nobody fuckin with me and my niggas!) Yeah! So fuck your life with a dirty dick Diarrhea on all y'all niggas! 'Cause we the shit! [Verse Four: Steele] (Tek) Man! Your rap's calculated hood cats are mild grenaded And we don't hang with no fakers we hang around greatness The foundation (Smif-N-Wessun) trey pound wakers (As-Salaam Alaikum) Go hard God he's just turkey bacon The flow covered I roll with the Soul Brother Plus the ack got the budget to make the career slow up (This team's situated) Beamer or nickel plated Since we enter stages they sick we made it, we invaded! [Chorus: Tek] (Smif-N-Wessun) (*Pete Rock Scratchin) (I'm goin off!) Like a grenade, with a bullpen (I'm goin off!) Like a Lifer, that's fresh in (I'm goin off!) Like a mob flick, you see the credits (I'm goin off!) Like a hungry fat bitch yeah I said it! (I'm goin off!) Like a nigga built off revenge (*G-G-G-Go off I go off!-"Spoonie Gee") (I'm goin off!) Like a shots from a cannon (*G-G-G--G-Go off I go off!-"Spoonie Gee") [Outro: Pete Rock Scratchin] W-W-W-With Smif-N-Wessun-"Steele" Got the remedy-"Havoc" C-C-Check this out son!-"Prodigy" U-Uh!-"Jay-Z" Ah yeah! Ok we ready to rock-"Biz Markie" Tell 'em w-who we are?-"Masta Ace" T-This is Smif-N-Wessun! Not Cocoa B's-"Tek" Go-Go-Go off-G-G-Go off-Go off-:Spoonie Gee" G-G-G-Go off-Go off-"Spoonie Gee" G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-G-Go off-Go off-"Spoonie Gee" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Camp Lo Album: 80 Blocks from Tiffany's Pt. II Song: Intro Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Yeah! (Ladies and gentlemen..) Live, for you and yours (Back by popular demand...) It's 80 Blocks from Tiffany's Yours truly, Pete Rock (The super...) group 80 Blocks~! "Yeah, I've done a lotta things wrong  I'm not gon' say I never done nothing wrong now  Shit, nobody HERE can never say they never done nothin wrong  You probably- Y'ALL couldn't never say you done nothin wrong, right?  (Right...) Well then so, y'know hey... Before I got..   Hey, I'ma about, I'm about like um the last... nomads that came in, y'know?  And before that, y'know, I was just like a take-off artist, y'know  I used to run around takin off people, throwin 'em thru windows  and shit like that, y'know.. Beatin 'em up  But me and Joe, see I knew Joe since me and Joe grew up together from school, y'know?  And I moved around and I got down and I found Joe as the president of the nomads  So I got down with Joe, y'know?" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Camp Lo f/ Talib Kweli Album: 80 Blocks from Tiffany's Pt. II Song: Ladies and Gentlemen (introducing 80 Blocks) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Pete Rock] Ladies and gentlemen.. introducing 80 Blocks [Geechi Suede] Infinity interlude, I'm in the mood I'm a royal to auto, hit 87 on cruise The Remy makin her ooze.. slip off ya shoes Screen shootin a cinema through the lens of the tunes (OWW!) [Sonny Cheeba] To the {?} the rhythm machine, and they fall in Freakish love pieces of a dream I'm recallin  Kiss my double-barrel cause the B-G lean is clean L.T.D. is Cheeba, +Unlimited Orchestra+ She addicted to Barry White, keep +Strawberry Fields Forever+ Pull a +Sister Sledge+-hammer if I ask BX masked crusaders, and native Peter Parker Meetin Layla in Washington, underneath the moon "Ladies and gentlemen, we got EVVV'RY DAMN thang!  Hell, we got plenty to drink!   Hell, we got wine! Beer! Whiskey! Gin!" [Geechi Suede] Pullin petals off a Bezel, switchin levels on the lake and globetrottin, candy cotton and we knockin while we leavin And I tell you like I tell 'em from the Vernon to the Pelham We gon' spill it on 'em... tonight [Sonny Cheeba] The soul combination, backed up by Apollo show band A nation of millions entered the Tiffany's filling A shine of Sly Stone's linen cord-ioco Let's coast to the Kokomo, and take it slow, take it slow [Talib Kweli] Slow sippin like whiskey inside of my cup Get her liquored up and I betchu Tiffany cut, yep! It's bugged out how they admiring the siren and never {?} the sound and tryna get up inside 'em Describin it so violent, THAT'S how you turn 'em off These niggaz calories, you dancin just to burn 'em off Word is bond, I see her leanin 'em on Then blowin the Lena Horne so they relieve 'em of they seed of they spawn See that cherry, ya poppin it like molly Sorry, pardon my French like Les Misrables or the Marquis de Sade by the pleasure and the pain I forever remain paid, I got, cheddar on the rain And it's never the same thing, Brooklyn love the ring like Riddick Bowe, watch me climb up out of your pigeon hole Leave 'em knock-kneed to pigeon toe Singin my praises like, "Figaro! Figaro! Yeah this nigga though!" [Outro: Pete Rock] 80 Blocks... mixtape part two 80 Blocks from Tiffany's Yours truly, Choc Boy... Pete Rock Geechi Suede, Sonny Chee', uh.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & Deda Album: Lost & Found Hip Hop Underground Soul Classics Song: Nothing More Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com {*scratching*} Break, it [Deda] I want it all Yo let me make a call on my cellular I'm telling ya, taking care of business on a regular I'm maxed with the 40oz of Old Gold Soul At the store down the hill, cause this is how I chill So let me break it down for the whole New York Its go before you blow, right I gotta keep my flow I smoke herb for my peace and to release Let go and lay back while cousin catch a contact In this life time dealing with drugs and crime And niggaz that's way out of line wasting they minds With no time to play I just parlay With my words, my hands, the music and the micstand My pockets is flat, so you know I'm on the mission My wears is warn, but they clean I'm on the scene Not even depressed, only showing progress Paved the way and I say, nothing more, nothing less I rap for listeners, bluntheads, fly ladies and prisoners {*scratching*} For real, nothing more, nothing less [Deda] I hear the sound of an average yapping Saying some nonsense that's totally distracting Reacting to put a chump back in his spot Simply real, you try to flex and get stopped Dropped like a habit, or even a bomb Blowing up in your face, causing bodily harm I see you in the news, kid I payed my dues I walked the rocky road, and I scuffed my shoes I sang the blues, and I broke a lot of rules But trust me like Chupty I refuse to lose I used to crawl, but now I can walked I used to babble, but now I can talk I wear my Timbs, and go out on limbs But as the next man sleep, I keep all the wins Not even depressed, only showing progress Paved the way and I say, nothing more, nothing less I rap for listeners, bluntheads, fly ladies and prisoners {*scratching*} For real, nothing more, nothing less [Deda] Imagine just living the good life In the crib wit my kids on some shit wit my wife Cause it really doesn't matter how large you live A rapping champion, a company executive Association brings about negotiation Facing in a positive direction is a blessing Cause boom, you can be Donald Trump and shit And I can be me, just chilling feeling lovely But if I could change the whole world in a instant By saying some more magic tactic in a sentence My people in the belly of the best will be released My family and friends would have laughs at a feast No more, no less in the flesh Overqualified for the knock in your ride Nothing but the best as we slide to the rest Paved the way and I say, nothing more, nothing less I rap for listeners, bluntheads, fly ladies and prisoners {*scratching*} For real, nothing more, nothing less Nothing more, for real, nothing less, for real I rap for listening, bluntheads, fly ladies and prsioners The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: Lots of Lovin 12" Song: It's Not a Game Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [CL Smooth] Introducing the Mecca fusion, physical type of funk using Carmel cruising, brohter your latest lover smothered for deeper cover Ass blown to breaks, individualized the fakes Just because you're pouring syrup on this don't make it pancakes My vocal assaults kept bouncing many amounts that count slackness Pete Rock's sounds of blackness The dark guages the flavor I supply Now it's do or die, others are rolling the chocolate thai I rip holes in shows, then move flocks of foes in straight The Devil will find a way to infiltrate, never pray I hear the scandal that be couped up in my town So now we "Gotta Get Away" like Bobby Brown The women will call it two letters that are instrumental I focus my eyesight and run it down your genitals Another dame when I tear it out the frame Then armageddon came, it's not a game, it's on 	It's not a game, no, with the Pete Rock funk 	When the kids up in the Vernon got the flavor 	It's not a game, no, with the Mecca Don flow 	When the kids up in the Vernon got the flavor (Repeat 2x) It's not a game when the Mecca Kane lucifer knows your name Now I think I'm on the verge of black male growing extinct Now my survival they libel the label homicidal My spirits aren't idle, now you put your hands on the Bible Now the opposite of my God is Nimrod Taught by Master Faud, hard, now I'm pulling your card We travel, unravel, dabble in the dopeness A jam that make you want to know who wrote this A sctipture from an odyssey, brothers in high velocity And just like BDP, you know "My Philsophy" Yeah here to outlast it, to never see the casket A flute can make a snake rise up from the basket So Pete Rock here we go, master the flow (I don't want to be the last to know) With the mellow funk tunes arriving with the card trainer plain The black House of Pain, it's not a game, it's on 	It's not a game, no, with the Pete Rock funk 	When the kids up in the Vernon got the flavor 	It's not a game, no, with the Mecca Don flow 	When the kids up in the Vernon got the flavor (Repeat 2x) The lucci's mine like the summertime, and I'm a set it first Leaving a hearse when my third verse loads up to burst To blast, never to tresspass, going to funk, keeping the crowd touring The lyric is born on any stage we're walking on So non-believer meet the Mecca, be chopping 'em like a meat cleaver The scrambling quarterback and I'm the wide reciever I get past you, and when it becomes a war I go hardcore, matador, then all the bull is on the floor I look and find the level of crime the time that I decipher I'm bagging any sniper put a ball in Peter's Piper We made the album of the year, rememer the Source kicks? We should have been larger but it's all politics So (Why you wanna, uh huh, play your games on me?) Cause you called me a factor, get your skully cracked The truth is coming to take mine You want to take away more stitches than a Frankenstein In '93 me and the P.R. make the dough The honeys are licking all over my 5 o'clock shadow A meanace to society, the pistol-packing YG Mecca's the name, it's not a game, so don't try me 	It's not a game, no, with the Pete Rock funk 	When the kids up in the Vernon got the flavor 	It's not a game, no, with the Mecca Don flow 	When the kids up in the Vernon got the flavor (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: Lots of Lovin 12" Song: Lots of Lovin (Remix) Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Pete Rock] Check it out, Lots of Lovin, Pete Rock, CL Smooth, on the remix tip Check it out, come on [CL Smooth] What makes the world go round in your nightgown? I know you're a sight I wanna see, so don't turn the lights down You know I get all stiff when you kiss me The heavy foreplay lets me know you're horny, baby When your nipples get hard I wanna praise God Thank Allah for just how dark you are Call my cock "Sherlock" because I found Victoria's Secret The holder of a hold it, now peep this I want every kiss we share to be a French one And after every orgasm call my name, hon And tell me what you want so I can fulfill it Taste the cream of life and don't spill it Whether darker skin coolie or an Indian If you're sick, the dixie L will be your medicine When I'm in the penal tossing or bugging Send me all the flicks cause I need lots of lovin 	Lots of lovin, lots of lovin, lots of lovin, baby 	Lots of lovin from me				 (Repeat 2x) [CL Smooth] Chocolate, what size you wear in a shoe? [Pete Rock] A thirteen, so you know I'm packing mean, the Boy Wonder's on the scene So honey step to me if you want to grab the sticker The Soul Brother's got it going on and much thicker So slide to the side, hon, cause I'm a make it known I need lots of love, on the strength, word is bond So listen very close as I slam on the jam The Pete Rock Mecca Don Smooth is the band What's this with all the damn rumors that I hear? I like light-skinned girls with chests out to here (Now don't forget the long hair) People always talking Why don't you shut your damn mouth and keep walking? Cause you don't know the half, I love 'em how they come Make sure you check the stats in my file before I'm done It's time to get ghost, a bun in the oven You're the one I'm thinking of with lots of lovin 	Lots of lovin, lots of lovin, lots of lovin, baby 	Lots of lovin from me				 (Repeat 2x) [CL Smooth] Take a bet on your money, ?army old at the federals? Ring a bedspring, now you got a dollar on the mattress Now feel the Mecca erupt as soon as you put your legs up Babe you gotta be brave for me to be your love slave Hot sex, next the friction got speed run Neck and neck, you in effect, bag of weed for The Wig Out, and let my balls tap your sugar walls Like I'm sending a code saying "Yo Smooth is about to explode" In your vagina, I work it like a surgeon Butt naked version, many petitions on a virgin You call me a bad man, I bend her like a beer can Drank roots, knock boots, and the woman couldn't even stand But I'm the love of your life, so give me respect, sister Although she blow, know that I still kiss her Hard and handy to tickle your fancy To crews you're hopping young and blue just like an odd jammie With an "uhh" in the projects or parlay in the condo You wonder who's the mass maker, you forgot Tonto But never forgot to hit the spot, the real bodyguarder If it ain't good enough, I work harder Carmel King with the Mecca Don swing To make your panties sing "Ding a ling a ling" CL Smooth to make a move with the smooching and the hugging Cause women will need lots of lovin 	Lots of lovin, lots of lovin, lots of lovin, baby 	Lots of lovin from me				 (Repeat 8x) Artist: Large Professor & Pete Rock Album: High School High Soundtrack Song: The Rap World Typed by: nelly@itis.com Pete Rock Intro: "Can you hear me say it?" Everybody in the rap world today. Pull up a chair and parlay (word up). It's Extra P and Pete Rock (yeah) we got something to say (what?). Comin' at cha with the rapture (you know) for the nine double trey (c'mon) how we do e'ryday (knowhatI'msayin'?), Bust the flava. "Can you hear me say it?" Pete Rock: I represent from the east coast bringing the ruckus Styles lost so from the mic you get tossed Penetrating through your soul son taking drastic measures Striving for buring treasures living life forever However the Soul Brother still doing his thing Bout to get you wide open off the songs that we sing You fiend from Mt. Vernon to Queens the Extra P About to set up shop and drop his next degree nigga Large Professor (Extra P): Yo, I brake it down unto the very last morsel Make you shake your torso Also To bring in the light to what's dark like a nark on a drug bust Niggas know the deal when I thrust Over the track ain't actin' masquerade and get sprayed By the automatic Rhyme addict that gets dramatic When the beast is ill you know the real really will C'mon kid listen how we swing it like a krill Hook: "In the world" We got drugs and crime "In the world" We got snitch droppin' dime "In the world" We got money and clothes "In the world" You got friends and foes "In the world" Theres projects and tecs "In the world" Kid who knows what's next "In the world" You got love and hate "In the world" We got money to make Large Professor (Extra P): C'mon the loaded Sp's the ensemble Pete Rock together with Large the bomb combo We raise the stakes on flakes and rock the show  Flipmaster mania son we got to go to the top and won't stop Flop or fold wheather cop a gold or plat They hit the map  In every section tag team connection wide Gettin' hot on each track we glide Pete Rock: Yo the beat got me twisted rhymes are too delicious (huh) You look suspicious you wanna bite but can't grip it Recognize the flav as we lay it on wax Crime dogs of the funk and never Fakin' no Jax But for the record look on your face you see rejection It's hard to believe I liquidated every section Let's Get It On like Smif 'N' Wessun  Or don't even look in my direction Hook Pete Rock: We throw blows to the dome like Mike Tyson Suspend your rap license Kid bring on the cake plus the icing Raw deal to all my niggas who keep it real One love we fittin' like a hand in glove (Yo shit is drug son) Even hardcore for the thugs From east to west it's time to rise up above And build so blacks can chill I make cash at will The rap world is how I eat my meals Large Professor (Extra P): So here's the jist it's the high top crisp Funk dons  Comin' through to knock out Nas In this orderly fashion Straight up to fuck flashin' (what?) My capability to bring the uncut action To any set be the Queens lounge vet Large so dodge a camouflage cause you're pet Competition is no I got the glow so yo  I'm truely in the world to stay the Large Pro Hook The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and CL Smooth f/ YG'z Album: O.S.T. Menace II Society Song: Death Becomes You Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Intro: CL Smooth] "To bring you down" Bust it off "To bring you down" Uh make shot one time for the Mecca don "To bring you down" and the Soul Brother #1 "To bring you down" Y'all get done with the YG Menace II Society "To bring you down" Feel the real steel, the hot metal "To bring you down" "To bring you down" [Verse 1: CL Smooth] It's the Killa Bee, kill rugged, skill vest often And land your fuckin asses in a coffin, what You see cold steel, you niggaz wanna mill' Like Shaquille, O' Neal Bullets are real, cock it back and then I peal off Fuck the kamikaze Mecca is on the shotty hottie The cops are runnin white chalk around your dead body Abandon ship, niggaz are ready to flip and bag a punk They can't fight next night, twistalism by your gravesight [Verse 2: Kenny] Over, yes you over six feet under You see, I'm not at ease you're diseased A reason for the treason, hunt season I'm from rabbit ordeal Where niggaz kick the beer loungin' off block Till the early morn', word is bond, another brother gone Would've been bullshit, quick talkin with nines and banana clips For million with bloodshed, the color red, two through the fuckin head Man you're dead, Death Becomes You [Hook][8X] "So listen" - Slick Rick "To bring you down" [Verse 3: CL Smooth] Infrareds locked on ya heads here come the feds Freeze now when I squeeze hot metal breeze Right through your arteries to bring you to your knees I think he's dyin' black I got the track to send you silly ass niggaz back Snatch ya hoe stab ya pimp and watch him limp away I fiend luchi till I'm fucked up old and gray Hey dog I send you to the morgue I'm from the Vernon ville blood spills shells drop [Verse 4: Kenny] And when it go pop-pop my glock hit that niggaz nut Cause I'm one of the hard ox's smokin' motherfuckers like crack rocks huh So back up, be ghost when I keep my toast Murder She Wrote yo Fully equipped with this death blow, flippin' Because I'm on the level like the rebel crazy bodies and tumbstones Straight to the devil nigga light in ya bed's right Because ya tune from me let miss due Strictly nigga Death Becomes You [Hook][8X] "So listen" "To bring you down" "So listen to what we say because this type a shit it happens everyday" [Verse 5: Cl Smooth] No resurrection with protection slay cut up in the blender Just like Mohammed blowin' up the World Trade Center The hellraiser burner blazer stressin' major caution See the Mecca Don swirvin' a tongue like Jordan Anything you cherish I perish, I'm here to roll And now your bucks are big, and let out ya asshole Gun smoke when the hood is broke and need the riches Cause all this nigga want is more dough and more bitches [Verse 6: Pete Rock] Buck-buck-buck-buck rat-tat-tat I'm on a mission nigga I shoots to kill when I pull the motherfucking trigger I'm sick in the head I'm crazy I'm fuckin' wild I swear to God I come from the P now I'm Menace like Dennis so don't try to play me close I wave my gun in the air yo I don't fuckin' care It's Pete Rock on the mic check one, two I got the glock nigga, Death Becomes You [Outro] "So listen" "To bring you down" "So listen to what we say because this type a shit it happens everyday" "To bring you down" "So listen" etc. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Masta Killa, Raekwon Album: Nature Sounds Presents: Natural Selection Compilation Song: The PJ's Typed by: DaSun_Akbar@HotMail.Com [Intro: Raekwon] Yo man get ya ass in here man You know the fuckin' Police lookin' for you man Come on man, them niggaz just left here man Come on man you know we got mad fuckin' blow Up in the Motherfuckin' lab son This nigga's off the hook man Yo Chef talk to these niggaz man [Raekwon] We baggin' ounces in the back of the Maz' Ostrich on, Wollriches, three Quarter-ness A.D.I.D.A.S. wit Stan Smith's The grant's on the Stove And Aunt Lo about to come to the Lab-o She givin' me some credit for clothes That's the slang work for bricks, dicks Analyze you neva know who lookin' It's deranged world - wit snitches is Enterprisin' Black Man hold on, like Magnums in the Wind Cuz when it get cold, parole give a homey like ten What's the prognosis: drugs, guns, and ounces of Gold fish Fly reefer out-town, bitches is stone six And birds back in 18 and played C.R.E.A.M Gray beam, it's lean new A.D.I.D.A.S jackets, flippin' up small dean Visualizin' portraits, fresh cuts Brand new Porsches Going wit hand-to-hand, servin' the Source Yo, runnin' from the Police This day-to-day lifestyle where niggaz get arraigned And get chain, it's like Psycal (??Psycho??)--blao!! [Hook: Pete Rock] Drug Dealers, Star and Celebrities (Ghetto Celebs) Even dudes wit a few felonies (A few felonies) In 'The PJ's' this what they tellin' me (Tellin' who?) Sniffin' real hard but you not smellin' me (Smell me) The crowd yellin' for 'Chef' 'Killa' and 'Pete Rock' (Pete Rock) Got 'em movin' like the Millennium beat box (Beat Box) Shit is all hood 'til they hear the heat cock (Whooo!) Fall back and let the beat rock [Masta Killa] Degrees of experience qualifies me to speak in certain areas Where many can't reach, so I prepared a speech for ya'll To then listen while I spit the hot venomous shit My whole Clique sick, infested wit the itchy tigger finger mob related Noodle-leanie universal flag Beanie Son you wouldn't want to see me black down, Masta .4 pound Clip full of hallow tip round Turn the fuckin' sound up My cup runneth over Hennessey, the Bill Bixby Ninja Scroll, niggaz that roll My son did four in the hole Tenant population, neva told, facin' Parole Sipped the old gold style, beat it in trial My mild-mannered .9 Bandit, flow drunk Look at Skunk weed stickin' Razor sharp rip 'em, bites lift 'em We at the Jam direct The Ghetto Gospel, collaboration One word could change the nation No doubt! [Hook: Pete Rock] [Raekwon] Tuna Salad and Puma rackin' (??) pushin' through the projects, captain Get your money, yo show me no slackin' We drive the meanest Joints shoot through Medina wit a Evisu Jeans and Nina's Stop by Juniors we hittin' cheeba Briefly, crackers observe You got the undercovers Niggaz just love us, we know they suckers You know what? - What? Mosey don't be nosey yo! Watch these fake niggaz wit these Thank You cards Them shits is bogey Snitches in the hood up to no good We would kill alot of Motherfuckers but the timin' ain't good So while my bankroll climbin' I be out on consignment, breezin' Ki's wit 29 letter melted cheeses All of my papers now in real estate White folks been doin' this since '69 It's billions and killer weight So prosperous moves wit the jewels, wit Wu Nikes on It's cool don't eva act like niggaz ain't who (??) One! [Hook: Pete Rock] [Outro: Raekwon] Yea! we just sit back - in the Luxury Toasters Slidin' through the Motherfuckin' projects Stand away from you fake ass Motherfuckers Layin' out in the BarberShop, gettin' fucked up cuts We don't respect ya'll (Don't respect ya'll) Knaw'sayin'? This is Shala Lewis Rich Pete Rock, Masta Killa, The Vatican One! I'm gone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ U.N. Album:	Petestrumentals (2nd Edition) Song:	Cake Typed by: ginseng1208@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist I'm all about makin it happen can it steady yappin cheddas stack cap I get it crackin bringin the action center of attraction late night on the creep trashin mashin on the party crashin rap with a passion not a quitter or a forfeiter one of them raw rap cats with hollow point rhymes comin to hit ya I'm talkin and I shot at all them fake rappas who fake wanna be gun clappin cats claimin they the baddest claimin that they ran the streets ragged knowin they chillin hard in the village up up in the gay bar talkin to faggots I'm not a gangsta and I'm not a thug nor a blood or cripp strugglin brotha tryin to hard to get rich i've been nice in this hip hop *ish from way back when days of the jeffersons good times to whats happenin you niggaz want beef then call my name out still rockin the Mecca when the soul brother like it just came out Lets get it on Lebanon Strong as an ox an' I spit flows blowin up yo' audio box Document muh style I'm cool when I rock and I rush like the Bus followin' muh blocks G's up I'm on set y'all niggaz freeze up i make dirty dolla's turn 'em in to clean bucks my stocks rise it's cool, it's no surprise and them laws, the rules you make, I straight defy rebel in the highest form the fifth born gully nigga on the track screamin they saw'em stop the dat rewind that thoughts combine that Criminal minds an' rhymes underline that dolla' dolla' street scholla' flow then ya falla expert puttin in work for the next saga so yo get yo' lean on flows you fiend on F-ckin with U. and N. the 2000 phenom yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great still up, holdin my 'gz up not my name hold weight and you can betcha bottom dollar money mo' I make lets get this cake son do what it take yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great still up, holdin my 'gz up not my name hold weight and you can betcha bottom dollar money mo' I make lets get this cake, c'mon hold up applause for the cause you know you could call it telephone love tap high explosive experiment situate depressed upstate bless a blessed a whats up with you what you talkin, pocket filled well then feel yeah its good, like you should I'm Dino, begs no pardon borrow no lending, begs no friends ya hear me all my mens love women, raw links with mommy cuban or takes me back to union baby girl got cousins and now one of 'em frontin U.N checker flagging me down fast-en ya sound how we quick to pick me up in that lex-ed iced edition state ya position back jabbin this bone wishin ms. dont have me whiff missing puttin everything Dwight Gooden-nuff talk you can have a ball and go walk hear me now, feel me later later Dino Braves smooth and get paid feelin the shook up keepin the stick up forever keep this hit the wikka wikka A verbal contract the way life is put on you now the harsh facts circle your world at allow you like a wise author sci-fi writins and novels ridin ova potholes play King Arthur inside my brothel the size of waffles gunshot holes blowin like the U.S marshall of Luis Armstrong and the winner falls sprawl spot it and at the same time he shot it frollic with raps and fiber optics like 4,5,6 hard to get at sharp as an axe order jockage armored trizzack tryin to be modest fiery thoughts burn like L's with chronic make ya lungs black, sip gold hell in a bottle blow willa sinna maholla thats on the house compliments on my corner moral how I get down chase his ass round like cat and mouse you feel my passion? (f-ck life) if I ain't mackin niggaz wanna see me stagnant similar to two magnets we can never be a package a printed jewla show my crew love before this rap *ish who can fool us beautiful lust don't think I'm too cool to bust loot and do drugs who's who few knew it was fool proof but true it was, crime organiza forty fiva hit ya Porsche up, (f-k) you in lava hit them to my product just a taste was life threatenin stretch his limbs out to 5 seperate ends prey on my fall and every cent like I don't know it I hold macs posin in flicks like Dinero in Ronin yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great still up, holdin my 'gz up not my name hold weight and you can betcha bottom dollar money mo' I make lets get this cake son do what it take yeah, U. and N. sound greater than great still up, holdin my 'gz up not my name hold weight and you can betcha bottom dollar money mo' I make lets get this cake The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock f/ Freddie Foxxx Album:	Petestrumentals (2nd Edition) Song:	Mind Frame Typed by: jm_harderwijk@hotmail.com [ Freddie Foxxx ] Class is open.. come on in All you wannabe-emcees sit down It's Mister Bumpy baby.. Aiiyo Pete Rock, here we go again baby We gon' do it 'til they learn the righty way You ready to rock baby? Feel this When nature imparts the mannest part, human nature To follow that nature it's called a way Cultivating that way is called education But for men to love itself it's called masturbation Bumpy talk about love they say it ain't right I told you niggaz what +I Luv+ on +First Family 4 Life+ As I move around the world acquire new lights New loves, new mics, new thugs, I'm still spittin' I'm not content with my life (Why?) Until I kill all my enemies, leave 'em bend with the knife That's what's wrong with these niggaz, they scared to fight So they think being a gangsta is bustin' guns on the mic In the streets you black, but at home you white At least like you like to think so - nigga Step into my mind frame it don't stop And I still keep the four pound hot-hot-hot Niggaz hungry on my block B, we try'na eat And it's them fake ass rap niggaz, we try'na see (Belie' that!) I know deep down is bothering me When a motherfucker think that he smarter than me (Who's that?) When he ain't a better charter than me (Come on!) And I do it on, rap below, and you'll never be HARDER than me I'm try'na teach you stupid ass niggaz how to rock Pete, Rock! [ Hook: Freddie Foxxx ] [ 2x ] Knock-knock-knock, come on in This is my house, reign again Real nigga shit, I bring the pain again It's some suckaz in the game we in ("Bumpy Knucks") -> scratched by Pete Rock [ Verse Two: Freddie Foxxx ] You can't do it like the can't be (can't be), follow what's in me Peace to the old time gangstas who sent me The energy to keep it moving, be one of the best and stick out my chest, like a true warrior I caught this nigga selling bootlegs He thought I didn't have a kind, while he was wrong, I shoot legs To see what's white and I was black He had a pen and a chequebook, I had 10 in my Mack If half these rappers did that, they probably stopped selling for a pad on the back and a plastique plaque, that shit is mad wack So here I come, back with another one, Bumpy outspoken While you niggaz out joking and playing a game I want a twelve inch piece of wax, ignite the flame The penalty of succes is being bought by people who used to diss you Money short, they won't hit you Stuck in beef they won't git you For they fuck you won't kiss you When you dead, six feet in the ground, they probably forget you To kick control is to take control They can never have the mind, the body, the soul of a true emcee, E-M-C-E-E, F-R-E-D-D, F-O-triple X Disrespect, you be crippled next Yo Pete Rock, how many times we gotta tell 'em son? [ Hook: Freddie Foxxx ] [ 2x ] Knock-knock-knock, come on in This is my house, reign again Real nigga shit, I bring the pain again It's some suckaz in the game we in ("Bumpy Knucks") -> scratched by Pete Rock [ Verse Three: Freddie Foxxx ] I know you people think I'm angry, but I'm not Underground, but I'm hot All I got is the truth, and I give you what I got Some niggaz is true, old and tired, or young and stupid Hung a nigga with no patience, I shoot quicker than Cupid So put it in ya deck and dupe it, pass it on To see who Bumpy blast it on, remember me, and the wild shit I did When I bodied men and raised it kids, now they grown and it's on If I'm this kinda nigga when I'm livin', imagine the kinda angel I'd be And all the foul niggaz I'd see, great men can't be ruled My spirit is free, and I rip a whole in every fucking track, getting to me Pay attention, you niggaz is clausing mainstream Fishing through a wack song looking for a hot verse A hot word, or a hot phrase, you' record companies' livin' proof, crime pays Take you out nine ways and save ten, for your no-lyric ass, when you want to do it again And as long you keep it on wax I stay your friend But if you ever take it to the streets you never rhyme again I'ma the tester of the hard shit, not many pass Matter of fact, not many motherfuckers come to class 'Cause they know I'll be all up in they ass, like last night's dinner And Bumpy Knucks is the winner, yeah [ Hook: Freddie Foxxx ] [ 2x ] Knock-knock-knock, come on in This is my house, reign again Real nigga shit, I bring the pain again It's some suckaz in the game we in ("Bumpy Knucks") -> scratched by Pete Rock [ Pete Rock scratches ] "Lyrical style like Bumpy Knucks" -> Freddie Foxxx "Bumpy Knucks, Bumpy Knucks" ['til fade] [FF] Class is over, get the fuck out.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: Poetic Justice Soundtrack Song: One in a Million Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com 	One in a million (Funk for you baby) 	One in a million (Listen it drives you wild) (Repeat 4x) [C.L. Smooth] I'm one in a mil and from the Vernonville  I work it out and wait to get curled I'm here to sell more joints than "We Are the World" Flows and old bros and new foes are open and closed shows So never doze attention, the Mecca's representing The uptown jazz sound and the chicks start mingling Now let's watch a flick by John Singleton Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth is in the Mecca house building Cause this funk is one in a million 	One in a million (Funk for you baby) 	One in a million (Listen it drives you wild) (Repeat 3x) [Pete Rock] Poetic, energetic rhymes that I'm droppin on ya Justice, must this be hotter than a sauna You know the boy wonder Mecca Don's got the soul The black brother's in control now it's time to roll We kick the flavor neighbor rappers when you need a savior We're the two man band that everybody favors Check the resume as we sit back and parlay I'm on the job like the mob every single say '93 no shorts, music is my sport The hot metal's on my waste, brother here's a taste In your face, the bass chillin like a masked villian Nobody better cause we one in a million 	One in a million (Funk for you baby) 	One in a million (Listen it drives you wild) (Repeat 4x) [C.L. Smooth] You know the bump jump can damage your rump and dump ??? in a lump And leap higher than a Reebok Pump My funk style, wicked and wild and me you dial smooth as New Now Many call this my Poetic Justice So my fist can dismiss your hitlist here's another twist Listen in fact I brought my cheek's kiss Roots and our loots and Tim boots the funk is ??? Now my sound brings new recruits, hey! Mecca raw the more I toured to get my first born It's a boy, now my name lives on and on Whip a jam, fully aware that I can scare a cocky new pair Slide em and guide em to the rocking chair Up and away I'm trying to play the classics to today Hip-hop nonstop, collecting ghetto props Drilling grilling holes I feel because we're here to make a killing Cause this funk is one in a million 	One in a million (Funk for you baby) 	One in a million (Listen it drives you wild) (Repeat 4x) 	"There is no competition" (scratched 8x) 	"We are the best" (Repeat 8x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth f/ Kenny (YG'z) Album: Specialize 12" Song: Specialize Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1: C.L. Smooth] Lights, camera, action (smooth) The extra blazin' I push Is like Moses talkin' to the burnin' bush Face the furious meltdown of underground bugs The kingpin racing all my thugs, hear When I set the flossing overhead now With the click that makes you die for the family and god No doubt we're facing this and guard ya radius When I come with the squad, that would dead it instantanious Arms grab me, out to kill and fail to force fire Just to put me in change behind Bob Wire Keep a strap on his lap, son the gate is fat Bless 'em, it's done The dragon make it for blocks, til you open up the safe box For new glocks my revolution is cold as every hour My firepower is aimed at your control tower True that, I thought you knew that My swerve is out of hand Introducing scatter black My stiffness [Verse 2: Kenny] It's on, hands of the pocket wanna gun slinger The street linger holdin' the dead bringer Poppin' your dirty finger Scatter, niggaz fear the mercenary corner vet Deep like the projects, America's threat Walkin' nightmares shots wolves packed And cray burners and switch blades Havin' brothers runnin' like slaves The warning five, generate pies, niggaz will die Trap the lost souls in the game that we specialize [Pete Rock cuts and scratches](2x) "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth" -> KRS "specialize in music" -> KRS-One - South Bronx "????" -> Ol' Dirty Bastard "I only use this type of style when I choose it" -> KRS-One - South Bronx "I speak for the hardcore (the hardcore)" -> (E)PMD - Crossover [Verse 3: C.L. Smooth] We hittin' your set in a posse A legendary man it's the plan With main land, approachin' ghetto celeb status Guns for hire movin' keys of my empire The source is, niggaz beat you for their own forces A Wolf In Sheep's Clothing and snakes that rattle Plus your ultimate fear, is being cut down and babble Blessin' with the team an' then get the creamin' My bloodline is fiendin' to slay the demon So what you want dunn? Tonz O' Gunz Hoe's most goes in addition Rollin' in the crew for position Damn to my terror the cruel love etcetera Warrior, competitor a step ahead of ya Fruitcakes front like you're from the penintentiary Cause outside ya "full" inside ya "empty" Tempt me, to break your manhood and whip you like a mule Cause the world has no pity for the fool Meet the press, now don tell us really what it represents Any man should die for turning state's evidence Who you facin' the extra blazin', conversation It's probably why they hold me in for tax evasion Hold my click knock the bricks and my family-e Preparin' all my enemies to fall before my feet It's sweet to see the black man rise Open your eyes C.L. Smooth specialize [Pete Rock cuts and scratches](2x) "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth" "specialize in music" "????" "I only use this type of style when I choose it" "I speak for the hardcore (the hardcore)" [Verse 4: C.L. Smooth] Take 'em to streets where fleets and fool runnin Trapped of, in the Holy War where +you don't want it+ If the few would escalate and the drama can't seize Take this cueball and the sock to the headpiece The crime iller for realer the hunted bounty killer Trackin' something sinis'(sinis) then confess to your minis'(minis) I want seven figures, we pull the biggest triggers Or bring the lynch mob back and start hangin' niggaz With brute force I show no remorse Break you off like sexual intercourse Dig it, the connection For you to start to pay me for protection And make no mistake, we want all the cake Do your pull-ups and dibs in the cool out Muscle and buck with midnights strides All my players start hustlin' What you wait all the skill and made you supplies To buck these drugs we specialize *jamaican someone rapping* [Pete Rock cuts and scratches](2x) "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth" "specialize in music" "????" "I only use this type of style when I choose it" "I speak for the hardcore (the hardcore)" [Pete Rock cuts and scratches](til fade) "Party people in the place to be" -> KRS-One - South Bronx "Hardcore" -> (E)PMD - Crossover "Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth" "specialize in music" -> KRS-One - South Bronx "????" -> Ol' Dirty Bastard "I only use this type of style when I choose it" -> KRS-One - South Bronx "I speak for the hardcore (the hardcore)" (E)PMD - Crossover The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock & CL Smooth Album: Sprite Ad (1995) Song: Obey Your Thirst/Freestylin' Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] {*laughs*} My turn to rock.. (Twisted) [CL Smooth] Now meet the carmel king of the castle Keepin it tight, CL Smooth sippin on Sprid-ite It's this Mecca Don, never swervin untitled Knowin commercial rap needs to be recycled (woo.. aw yeah!) Collectin cans for nicks, pitch my latest LP Now obey my thirst son precisely [Pete Rock] I got the knack to rock, I'm steady heatin up the spot The Chocolate Boy Wonder makin heads bop Plus I... {*laughs and cracks up*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock, Copywrite & Planet Asia Album: Terminal 3 Presents The Academy Song: Rock This Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Pete Rock] One two, uhh Y'all niggaz mad word up Y'all don't mean shit, the fuck is wrong wit'chall Like I don't write my own shit, faggot ass Nigga I wrote this shit (hip-hop) The fuck y'all niggaz talkin 'bout? Uhh, peep Pete Rock niggaz Get that, hip-hop flow son, yeah Yo, Pete Rock, desperados, used to push the hard top Milano Keep a trunk full of vinyl now it's all about Serrato Scratchbox, laptops, 745, knockin Cam'Ron, Mavado Speak in tongues, nah papo, but I'm worldwide though Paris, Tokyo, Bosnia, Swizterland, with my mans and them Italiano show respect like my last name's Soprano (hush) Another day, another dollar bill I'ma keep it real, give a CRAP how y'all cowards feel~! I make records for whoever nigga, Johnny Gill Jim Jones, Johnny Cash, critics can kiss my ass (word up) PR'rrah, the MPC slaughterer But right now I'm in the booth Tiki Barber'd up New York Giant, New York's finest I flow timeless and +Soul Survived+ this The fuck y'all niggaz talkin 'bout? Y'all verse was whack Fake gangsters, bag y'all niggaz just like sandwiches Be goin to the house for the points, I just landed it (swish) The Boy Wonder for Prez, the hood candidate (no doubt) [Copywrite] Pete Mirabella, artists label me a +Ruthless+ scary fella But +Eazy+, I'm no +Jerry Heller+ (shut up) Skinny middle finger flickin high to critics Sky's the limit, if there is a limit, I disguise the limit Be so far P-boy, if you thought I called emo And come off the top so sick you'd swear I was on chemo Beast havin a feast on the weak, peep, back with a leash On the beach, with a beard, with an ass like Kardashian 3D The bitch daughter, but you're not gonna shoot your gun She's freakier than a Catholic school for nuns Taught Carter how to dig deep She blows harder than the bitch {?} from Back to the Future 1 And I'm Michael J., takin up the rifle game Top of the Eiffel Tower, snipin cowards twice a day Ohio's the state that I can claim (that's mine) Lew Pimp paid back in '98 when faggots liked to hate Megahertz, friend, Hall of the Fame It's a, big event, Chris Ward's complainin Mobs in stores, bars galore, whatever you had to kick a style You got zero bars in a candy aisle And as far as the subliminal shit that you pencil I ain't hear a word of it, might as well been the instrumental You motherfuckers who failed to bread and gettin calls Satan's collection agency and have Hell to pay [Planet Asia] Yo, murder from the spacebar, emcee and car seats and the ass to slash and y'all 85ers pay up Marcus Garvey the vision, rap like religion Rule the ruler Bacardi cooler, spittin that venom Verbal spar star, Goretex'n and flexin molecular manuscripts I plan to flip, bustin like a bag of chips Save the savageness, check out the cabinet of command Simply here to destroy your habitat Fuck a battle rap, battle this gat, and all that My whole team layin 'em flat We go the distance, and penetrate the masses with persistence Snakes hissin, devils in disguise shapeshiftin My peoples on the rise weightliftin Crate diggin, between me and them there's a great difference Yeah, we just foul You was talkin loud but you ain't tough now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Union f/ Big L, McGruff, I Born, C.L. Smooth Album: The Union Presents: Organized Rhymes Song: NY's Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Big L] Check it out now Big L Corleone (no doubt), Flamboyant Entertainment (uh-huh) One love to my big brother Big Lee Holdin it down from the inside right now (come one) When you come home it's on (watch this) Herb McGruff (yo), Universal, Harlem World shit Yeah (no doubt), 1-3-9 and Lennox shit (you know how we do) Uh, danger zone shit, check it out I be twistin bitches alot, have em sit on this cock I wasn't prepared for this, I wrote my shit on the spot I be droppin like early August, late July Wit tracks that'll make you cry, hate you die Stop frontin, you got no dough, might a had, but not no mo' You mad cuz I knocked yo' hoe While cops watch me, I got cats that watch po-po My block loco, don't need a crew I rock solo (what) Or wit my nigga Gruff These faggot niggas ain't as rich as us I need chicks to lust, smoke my weed mixed wit dust Go ahead and let your crew soup you up In the ambulance, gon' have to come and scoop you up Fuck wit my last soul, my new shit is goin past gold And if you don't agree, you's a asshole Mark my word, you gon' make me pump the bird And spark this herb, to homicide chomp the curb, ya heard? I never hesitate to bump my gun Harlem World, y'all know where the fuck I'm from [McGruff] The game of life, got ups and downs, downs and ups Kingpin cats lose they crowns in cuffs Some get murdered, some get shot (boaw boaw boaw) So lay on, nigga her-oin, cocaine, pot it don't stop Rise to the top, nigga stop despisin my pops Yeah I rap, but still got them pies on the block Bitches lookin at the size of my rocks, size of my knotts Keep a stash box, ride wit them glocks Smoke 'dro, fuck po-po, fly from the cops (What) I'm Gruff and I'ma die for my props Die by the gun, thou shall come but for now have fun Fuck bitches, party, Cristal on my tongue Violence is young, wild as they come Catch me in Harlem World smokin silence wit sons, what Aiyyo cats wanna talk trash, yo I talk cash And take it, make they ass get naked It's a stickup (get on the floor),y'all niggas crash the pavement Pass yo' chains, pass yo' Rollies, pass yo' bracelets Or feel them hollow laced tips nigga I spray clips at the punks that be runnin they lips Not ?cunnin? they bitch, gunnin them Squeeze off, don't miss none of them  Shoot po-po right in front on them Double-M, goddamn niggas shouldn't have fucked wit him Y'all niggas sufferin, I'm thug hustlin Rushin in, in coke spots, cold bustin in Yeah it's us again, stuck you before Tied your monkey-ass up, took the bucks and the raw Nigga what, yeah Harlem World, Big L, Herb McGruff Nigga holdin it down, 9-8 shit, fuck that, word up [I Born] Aiyyo holy war, chrome four-four Twelve shots call, I came deep One-hundred-one wolves at your front door Mouths foamin, rubber grips laid on my hip Cock it and spit, slit his whole shit, empty the whole clip Pretty kid, broke a few ribs, did a murder bid Four-five, got hit wit two more, then the god slid Why try, watched men die, let the slugs fly Stay high, I'm from the streets Murderville, NY I told y'all I was comin, niggas thought I was frontin I want it all, in nine-bill I'm sayin something MC's petro, me lose hell no, you're wet no My verbal techno, spit it for dire out the Expo Me and D-O, on the lee-low, lay low Call Grago, Boriquas call em Flaco The latest Timb's, I got those Burn that ass like tobassco, you know my name Hot hell, Fidel Castro, ask no Questions, fuck you and your weapon You're pussy, your gun ain't went off since '87 My Mac-11 shot thirty-three in your direction Where I come from, bums bust guns, what you expected Well connected, from the slums where life's hectic Niggas starvin, need paper, jackal's is desparate Aiyyo movin like Israeli, sippin Henny in Bentley's Got a deal now, I'm signed what the fuck can you tell me What, Murderville, all square beware Hot-hell nigga tortured [C.L. Smooth] Ha, listen closely, to how C.L.'s focus be Who wrote me, a diamond-gold ball rosary Had supposedly, tarnished his name and status Draw the fastest, force him go to the mattress Imagine this, in my technique's This swervin authentic version M.D. Mount. to Vernon Touchin anybody like that lime in Bacardi To whippin all the watercrafts down in Yardie Half-steppin, hardly make it son, perfectly clear My yacht master pay your rent for the year The buck stops here, ain't a damn thing funny Barbershop niggas always bad-mouthin money Or maybe, I'm the whole key to you shtick Hearin cats talk about me like a chick They gotta be sick, ad-libbing we singin Went from day one over there we bring it Or scrap like hockey, cock-ing, blow it ?a-key? The poss-e, car shows under the marquee Dressed up, caked out, and vest up Better rest up, pop bottles till I'm messed up Paper chase, play clubs like a vacation On occasion, politicin my situation Every broad care, what he drive, what he wear Wit a bonier whisperin the shit in my ear Yeah, the bombshell, trapped in the Caramel Get the parcel, iced down the cartel Knowin C.L.,do know you mack slow Bitches act though, bigger niggas call me Fatso Heavy-weight, regulate the tri-state My team can't wait, for the date to navigate Let me demonstrate, through time my man handsome To keep all the pretty girls dancin, HA Yeah yeah yeah yeah, I go around the world wit this yaknowim sayin? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth Album: Who's the Man? soundtrack Song: What's Next on the Menu? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Uhh.. {*scratches*} 	"Let's see what's next on the menu!" -> Big Daddy Kane [Pete Rock] One two.. ahh.. ahh yeah.. {*scratches*} 	"Let's see what's next on the menu!" -> Big Daddy Kane [Pete Rock] Yeah.. {*scratches*} 	"Let's see what's next on the menu!" -> Big Daddy Kane {Pete Rock keeps scratching the sample until C.L. raps verse one} [Pete Rock] Uhh.. uh-huh.. Pete Rock.. uh-huh.. One two.. Say what, say what? Say what, say what? Say what, say what? [C.L. Smooth] The chef in one breath laid a dance of death on a grill pursuin and barbecuin and groovin in skill (WHOO!) Holla when I snatch em by the collar See em starvin like Somalia while you trickin stickin chicks up in the booty parlor (Whoah) A lot of funk to make you say, "Aow, C.L. how?" Cause all I know is listen, can I get mines now? (Say what?) In my verse brain cells burst so beep the nurse for the knowledge cause the worst niggaz talk garbage A mean machine, to light it like kerosene My cuisine is how David killed the freakin Philistines (uh-huh..) Begin to sin, with the devilish grin so me and my kin, can win and break bread when the record spin (Yeah..) My love is real Ock, a lyrical buildin block with incredible settable pure funk of Pete Rock (woo-WHOO!) Forget the soup of the day, cause niggaz are gassin Well styles I broke smooth lotion down the ashy as hell Got a rhyme so chunky it's amazin G I make you think the Fat Boys are back on crazy (YEAH) Major Mecca's in Asia when I date her Some old flavor by the sun moon and stars and over the equator Universally thirstin me to show no mercy to madmen, the Devil wanna send (YEAH) Word to life money ain't a rapper livin I can't run though so (.. "Let's see what's next on the menu!") {Pete Rock keeps scratching the sample until C.L. raps again} [Pete Rock] So? What's on the menu? What's on the menu? So.. what's on the menu? What's on the menu? What's on the menu? Hah.. [C.L. Smooth] I'm buckwild, I'm wise for my size so realize my lyrical fries today's tough guys, nigga So box and throw rocks, fish or cut bait Even if I was a lightweight, I still fight great (UHH) I double em up and shuffle em down, combinate, stick n move around til you work me up an appetite to fight Like a nick in the paint, think it is when it ain't With no more restraint I make a frail opponent faint (OH!) You need to get your ears glued to soul food that makes you boogie til your nude and you never get rescued (OW!) Now waiter take an order simply nothin shorter than the lamb to the slaughter recorder I'm flowin like water (YES..) Since you're popular, I see nothin stoppin ya from generatin lucci livin larger than Gucci, HELLO It's Mecca's hour when the man is in power to roast there (what?) I cook a medium rare, so toast Perignon Poppa, my rugged styles vary; shit, I want a salary Mariah couldn't Carey DIG IT I sport a blue face Rolex for thirty grand (yeah..) Now take your family to go see "Who's the Man?" I wear colognes that excite your hormones and Versace the wifey bought, now who woulda ever thought? Word to life, ain't a rapper livin I can't run though so (.. "Let's see what's next on the menu!") {Pete Rock keeps scratching until his rap verse} [Pete Rock] What's on the menu? What's on the menu? What's on the menu.. Uhh! Yeah.. c'mon What's next on the menu? What's on the menu? What's on the menu? Ahhh.. Here I come on the rise The Godfather of the Funk I make it happen (what?) I'm next on the menu, "Who's the Man" rappin? (uhh) The hardcore for the dancefloor, no need for an intro (say what?) You know who's the one, the man that gets the job done (yeah) It's rare, the sound that you hear is so original You can't copy it down, so let it be subliminal (AOWW) You can't rock like the Pete Rock and C.L. Smooth (aw yeah) Together forever, like G. Rap says, "YOU LOSE!" So pull up a chair and relax and let the music flow And leave you on that note cause I'm read' to go (yeah..) You gonna have a hard time tryin to run through me so (.. "Let's see what's next on the menu!") Uhh.. what's on the menu? What's on the menu? What's on the menu? Ahh, c'mon.. What's on the menu? What's on the menu? What's on the menu? Yeah.. Special shoutout, to my man Lord Finesse He's in the house y'all Can't forget my man, O.G., he's in the house y'all Can't forget my man C.L. Smooth He's in the house Grap Lover, I-N-I Everybody up in the Vernon, peace Yeah, funk Yeah, funk Ahh Can't forget the Uptown crew Can't forget the Bronx crew Can't forget the Brooklyn crew Can't forget the Queens crew Yeah, AOWW! Can't forget the Yonkers crew Can't forget Now Rule crew The whole Westchester, White Plains got to get props Yeah.. the beat don't stop And we out like this.. SEE-YAH!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: A.D.O.R. f/ Pete Rock Album: Classic Bangerz Volume 1 Song: Let it All Hang Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pete Rock] Ahhh.. yeahh.. Chillin with, A.D.O.R., c'mon [A.D.O.R.] Me and Pete Rock  [P. Rock] Uh-huh [A.D.O.R.] Kick the fat tracks  [P. Rock] Yeahh! [A.D.O.R.] C'mon  [P. Rock] C'mon [Verse One: A.D.O.R.] Pumpin out fuel, for all to use yo We're gettin buckwild on this A.D.O.R. slammin groove Steppin up to bumrush the stage Get the crew motivator by the spark of the rage The mic is the teacher, to get you out the cage From the get-go, the critics ranted and raved cause Hip-Hop was too strong The road to the riches we began to pave Where the body, the mind, the soul become one Intertwined with PEACE and hostility none Is the message loud and clear, for all to hear and may the crowds cheer (UHH) which is a season of the year The flow, a-to a rugged kind of tempo And what this all means it's time to let yourself go (GO) It's time to get you on to this ninety-delic tip I'm not a hippie but yo B I'm hip A ninety-delic definition means no more self doubt (yeah) Future on point yo my brother's gonna work it out The pressure gets hot a state of mind is in with clout Flip off the vibes c'mon and let it all hang out [Chorus: Pete Rock scratches and talks] + (A.D.O.R.) Let it all hang out (uhh, cause we got what ya like) Hang it out.. let it all hang out (cause we got what ya like) Hang it out.. (let it all hang out) yeah, c'mon, hang it out Let it all hang out, hang it out [Verse Two: A.D.O.R.] C'mon, feel the vibe from the rhythm as I break the devil's ties A feeling of good times, musical highs (yeah) Rhythm, harmony, soul skills and that put together for the master plan is surely to attract (UH) The people it take, the speakers to quake, the points to make The A.D.O.R. posesses what it takes to make it feel good, the way it should Give me the mic and Pete Rock and you know I could stand up get'cha all, UHH, all night long (yeah) It feels too right, too strong to be wrong Let's turn it up, full blast, and make it last Yo I'm thinkin bout the future, {*fuck*} the past with the beat that's pumpin (uhh) To get the people jumpin but sayin somethin Do you know what, I'm talkin about When I tell you to express yourself (yes sir) And let it all hang out [Chorus] + and - some ad libs [A.D.O.R.] Pete Rock, give it to 'em {*Pete scratches and mutters incomprehensibly*} [Verse Three: A.D.O.R.] So clap your hands, hip-hop fans for Another Definition Of the Rhythm is what you demand (yeah) Pump your fists and yell go, go For what A.D.O.R. posesses is a feeling from seasoned soul for all to feel, cause our feeling is real Some new jacks don't know the deal If you can shake it (shake it), and not fake it (fake it) C'mon rise you're gonna make make make it to the top of the pile, get hyped fly child (yeah) While this record's spinnin, I'm settin the pace Feel the bass cause the verdict is in (uh-huh) E.M.'s on the case, to get you all, uhh With the beat that's raw And {?}'ll give it to you, uhh of course I don't drink the Stout, but I get wide open (yeah) when I shout, when I shout ah-let it all hang out [Chorus] + and - some ad libs [A.D.O.R. - speaking over Chorus] Cause we got whatcha like Ah-let it all hang out, cause we got whatcha like [Chorus] - repeat above to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: AZ f/ C.L. Smooth Album: Final Call/Decade 1994-2004 Disc Two/A.W.O.L. Song: Magic Hour Typed by: Dopeskill@gmail.com [AZ] Yeah... poet, politician, playa when necessary This is AZ, I'm your host for the evening It's Magic Hour... How we gonna do this? [Verse 1, AZ] No stress, we on the sands in Tahiti Bare chest, you bastards, 30 grand on the pinky Respect, finesse movements like your hands in grafitti Grey Goose, mixed with grape, cran and the kiwi It's truth holds galore Rolls go clothes galore; take paper till they close the door Either or, corner hustle or hustle on tour To seen it all, nothing left but to stumble no more And the sex is phantasm Flow, campaigns 'em Dough, can't change 'em Courts, can't arraign 'em It's sports, Titanium quartz, Iranian taught, I came in force, all the bangers is brought Brought the bang at your fort, torch and tangle your thoughts, Scorch and stand if you're short So of course, just to chill and conversate, Mil- and Salaam-ulate Millions i'm trying to chase illin' from out the gate Get it right my feelin's is not awake Ducatti bikes, shipped from out of state The pressure is on, the blunts is lit My presence is strong, it's real I'm amongst the mix The Wesson is long, I move like I'm on some shit So testin' is wrong cause once guns is drawn, that's it The beats the rap the game is done We leave, we at, we smack, we bang them guns We beat with bats, we scrap, we came, we come So, peace to that he's back nigga, one... [C.L. Smooth] Yea, Chairman of the Board, man Black Leader, the Mecca Don El Presidente... Ladies and Gentlemen [Verse 2, C.L. Smooth] All I do is bring the life to a dead game the moment I came Under my umbrella, my flag, my name If the ship leaving the port, cruise to the resort You can't be serious baby, this is sport Gotta make my rounds, head wolf of this pack Till it's me an A' steppin' out of both sides of that Maybach We can eat lovely, just don't interrupt me And mix all this checkmate with that quiet money I can see it all bubblin' the move is no troublin' I'ma give you the plug and the Sosa They all love CL, no jail for homey Only gotta tell me one time, Don't fuck me Tony Just buy weight fly straight and keep me right And I don't care what I spend on security It helps me sleep at night See nothing sharp as me You take it in air, you can't compare To the initials engraved in my office chair The boss is here, we deep in the game You can't do it the same You gotta bring a strong leash for your dame or pop up Speaking of cheddar, me and son peak it together Can't feel it's the real deal or let the meatballs meet the Beretta Smellin' like fresh cut leather Odd color called sarsaparilla The curtain is drawn the seat's vanilla Let him see heat forever Taking that seat empowers All you want in this Magic Hour The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: Family Affair (Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Remix) 12" Song: Family Affair (Remix) Typed by: dangerousdoc2001@hotmail.com, no1wammy@hotmail.com [Pete Rock] Mary J. (Mary J...) Remix (Remix...) C.L. (C.L...) Pete Rock (Pete Rock...) [Rap Verse 1: C.L. Smooth] The way I Let it loose, for real, could only boost, the deal The bigger the flip The better it feel Ladies up shakin' Doin' they dance Hands in the air When Mary drop It's nothin' but a family affair Now once you got C.L. poppin', baby, ain't no stoppin' It's all gravy, once you got the whole hood coppin' With the queen on my lap With some new paper, daddy, it's a rap [Verse 1: Mary J. Blige] Come on, everybody, get on up Cause you know we gots to get it crunk Mary J. is in the spot tonight And I'm a make you feel alright (Make you feel alright) Come on, baby, just party with me Let loose and set your body free Leave your situations at the door So when you step inside, jump on the floor Chorus: Mary J. Blige Let's get it crunk up on it Fun up on it In this dancery We got y'all open Now you're floatin' So you gots to dance for me Don't need no hateration Holleration In this dancery Let's get it perculatin' While you're waitin' Soldiers, dance for me (Verse 2) [Mary J. Blige] It's only gonna be about a matter of time     Before you get loose and start to     Lose your mind     Cop you a drink, go ahead and rock your ice     Cause were celebratin' No More Drama in our life     Get the [Pete Rock]  Remix [Mary J. Blige] Pumpin', everybody's jumpin'     Go ahead and twist your back, and get your body bumpin'     I told you, leave your situations at the door     So grab somebody, and get your ass on the dance floor Repeat Chorus Bridge: [Mary J. Blige] We, don't need, no haters     We just tryin' to love, one another     We just want y'all to have a good time     No more drama in your life     Work real hard to make a dime     If you got beef, your problem, not mine     Leave all that BS outside     Then we gonna celebrate all night     Let's have fun tonight, no fights     Turn that [Pete Rock]  Remix [Mary J. Blige] Way up high     Making you dance all night and I     Got some real heat for ya this time     Doesn't matter if you white or black     Let's get crunk cause Mary back [Rap Verse 2: C.L. Smooth] Yo, yo I'd probably boot these thoroughbreds And bully the draw, step up in the club, and all they wanna Start is the biddin' wars Compared to the young C.L. A much more ruthless, more more richer But it's a family affair Then I guess I'm just That much more sicker, cigar blowin', champagne flowin' Be easy Like movin' units is nothin' further That could please me But how ya marinate my check late With M.J.B. Repeat Chorus Four Times [Pete Rock] Mary J. (Mary J...) Remix (Remix...) Mary J. (Mary J...) Remix (Remix...) Mary J. (Mary J...) Remix (Remix...) Pete Rock (Pete Rock...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Pete Rock Album: Genesis Song: Shut 'Em Down 2002 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Busta Rhymes] Yeah.. back by popular demand, it's about to get Godly Yeah.. hold it now! AOWWW! C'mon, c'mon (c'mon).. yeah Huh.. c'mon, c'mon (c'mon).. yeah Huh! Bear witness on the way we stay cuttin 'em down In two-thousand-two, shuttin 'em down Have you sippin on it 'til you start suckin it down I hope you know that we ain't FUCKIN around Niggaz you betta BELIEVE when you see me the shit be double trouble I overLOAD and take this SHIT to another level I shut it down, sho' nuff, pack ya bags Let me work, make it hurt, cause I'm next wreck Lay flat nigga hit the deck, or face big DISrespect In addition the SHIT we wreck Firework flow, spit and make a BIG effect Bang it in the truck until ya whole SHIT eject, c'mon Stop nigga, close ya shop SCUD missile launched fire burn quick, every SHIT we drop From the GROUND with another sound yes we put it down and always BOOM and pound, so we shut 'em down [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] + (Pete Rock) I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (sh-sh, sh-sh, shut shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (shut 'em, sh-shut, shut shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut-sh-shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (sh-sh, sh-sh, shut shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut shut 'em down) I shut 'em down (shut 'em down, shut shut 'em down) [Busta Rhymes] Hah! One two three four five six seven eight nine Comin THROUGH, betta tuck in ya shine Once ya lookin for the HEAT, if ya seek it will find I had these devils watchin me sayin these sneakers is mine! Now hold up - we drop the bomb first then get under ya mom's skirt to get her frenzied like a motherfuckin rock concert While you're busy and tryin to FIGURE what the God's worth I'll malfunction your plans 'til the motherfuckin sound work Now I'ma CUSS when I BUST ya ass And leave 'em stiff when I hit 'em like a MUSTARD gas Steam fire when I puff, then I flick the ash You wack and I had enough, put your shit in the trash Now you know we got the shit in the smash Wild until you slip and you crash, y'know we keep the SHIT in the stash From the GROUND when we come around, yes we put it down and always BOOM AND POUND, when we shut 'em down [Chorus] - w/ minor variations [Intro to "Genesis"] As we rockin you all to the future Ahhh, we come to give you that Operatin like we be official Yeah, we come to multiply And we're plannin the scheme for the long win Yeah, our shit be always right Every move you'll see how it's related.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Das EFX f/ Pete Rock Album: Hold it Down Song: Real Hip-Hop (Pete Rock Remix) Typed by: Doctor 80 [Pete Rock] Another Pete Rock Remix To the hiddip the hop it don't stop(don't stop) Das EFX wit the real hip hop(hip hop) To the hiddip the hop it don't quit(don't quit) Das EFX and we came to rip shit(rip shit) (x2) Uh yeah One time (Dreay) Well on your marks and get set and cant forget to go incase you didn't know the flow is fat like Joe(like Joe) yo..niggedy know that I'm back man your wack man/I eat a nigga like I'm pacman I biggedy bring it/straight form the cella for reala, packin more hits than Lou Pinella I swella/nigga in his eye if he tess me you dont impress me ey yo Books bring the rest G... Uhh..One time for yo mind (Skoob) Eh yo what up its.. the crew thats bringin ruckus no doubt we the ruffest dream team reign Supreme like a Cutlass get duckets the dough cant touch the flow it's me the Nigga wit G'z the B double O K-S so say yes and bus your caliber when I pop shit and rock shit like Metallica straight to the heart of them snake fake niggas come all up in my face/jealous of my tape niggas so honey shake your figures and show me whatcha got (Blow the spot)Das EFX wit the Real Hip Hop Chorus (x2) (Skoob) Niggedy okiedokie next nigga ta quote me I hope he got more miracles than Smokey wont be no discussion/strictly head crushin lead rushin through your body your in my Dangerfield like Rodney Howdy/ I'm back up in that ass g kaplowi! and now we got the game to a T like Howie allow me/to introduce myself and my peeps straight from the sewer sayin true to the streets (Dreay) Well it's me crazy Drazy bringin up the rear I swear/we got to Hold It Down here yeah so there.. now let me crack a brew and kick my feet up turn the heat up and smiggedy smoke all the weed up kids I eat up/wit my style thats the newest my crew is/gettin more run than Carl Lewis it's from the sewer now ya see me on tha top so stop and recognize the niggas on ya block Chorus (x2) (Skoob) Yo Mc's is irrelevant and delicate to the texture but this style of mines is well defined like Webster aint a badder nigga raw from the jaw jabber-jibber when I get Stone like Sharon from Sliver equppied ta/riggedy rip the microphone to shreds dread yo come and hit these niggas in the head... (Dreay) Well I connect my rhymes like Lego so lego my eggo, I burn ya like Waco you need more than Maaco I take it to ya crew and keep em moving like I'm U-Haul I'm here to school yall figgedy faggots like RuPaul I throw a screwball and strike out the MC and if he temps me I knock em out like Jack Dempsey I burn some sensi and chase em wit the Guiness The illest..now hit me wit the hook because I'm finished Chorus (x4) [Pete Rock] word up one time for your mind no doubt represent everyday with ryhme word up word up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Youngstas f/ Pete Rock & C.L. Smooth Album: The Aftermath Sonh: Who's the Mic Wrecka Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Pete Rock] Yeah, it's called "Mic Wreckas" Da Youngstas, Taji, Tarik, Qur'an And we gonna do it like this 	Who's the mic wrecka? (I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (I said I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Ayo I'm the mic wrecka) 	Well let me see you wreck it [Qur'an] Check it, I wreck the mic so I can get further Underground like the coalmine worker The youngest, roughest, lyrical wizard Crawl like a lizard, like ??? So bad that I rip up in post I walk through hell with gasoline drawers Heart rhyme explode when don on my dope O Golder than gold, toke a ??? I get down, so you gotta give me a pound When you see me, I make a hard job seem easy Never slip up, cause I'm not an ice skater Every time I flow I make dough like a baker Don't like a chump, I rock you is the pump Like a fox smell the funk, I slam like a dunk Playing MC's like chessboard checkers Call me king, checkmate, I'm the microphone wrecka 	Who's the mic wrecka? (I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Well let me see you wreck it [Taji] Taji the mic wrecka, it's time for me to wreck it So check it, I make girls with good skins get naked Built to last like a hacksaw Because I'm back y'all, to put a rock on your back door I sneak in just like a wet bandit It's a lyrical murder, I know you hate it cause you can't stand it I freak the rhyme til the bass start cracking I'm rocking up spots like that nightshow Dragnet Step to this is a no-no I'm knocking out dolos with a pop like my name was Daddy Bobo I wreck the mic on purpose Doing enough damage suckers can't work on a smooth surface Scaring MC's just like a monster I keep the crowd hype just like a Michael Jackson concert So you gotta respect a Kid like me, cause I'm the microphone wrecka 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Yeah, I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (C'mon, I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Yeah, I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Well let me see you wreck it [Tarik] Ayo I got the mad skills that make you wanna flex I dominate this track so it's time to have sex But just chill while I get all in it Cause I'm about to rip it, who said I couldn't kick it Uh, I get shots off just like a shotgun Stick a fork in your butt, you're just about done I pour you MC's just like a lobster Cause this hip-hopper gets props just like a mobster They call me 'Rik, geez, no you can't stop me I'm too slick, I got more snags than a bullwhip Laying pipe like a plumber, burn like a summer Chopping down wack MC's just like lumber And yell timber, watch you fall down down When I work it, a member of the underground circuit Now you're on my wood like a woodpecker So step aside it's the microphone wrecka 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Yo, I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Ayo, I'm the mic wrecka!) 	Well let me see you wreck it [Pete Rock] The dark skin with the grin rhyming til the end, hops (Guess who) Yes the Chocolate Wonder boy Pete Rock So listen, New York Style so get buckwild Cause niggas ain't taking no shorts or flicks, so bust the mix I got a lotta tricks up my sleeve So stick around chump cause it ain't time to leave Da Youngstas, so 'em who's the real Mic Wrecka (Yo, why you wanna know?) Cause I'm going straight to Mecca Collect all the props, cause niggas jock the music You really can't refuse it, so use it don't abuse it Ayo it's time to go, peace see ya later It's time to pass the mic down, yo C.L. kick the flava [C.L. Smooth] Who's the mic wrecka nuthin but the Mecca now building Cause I loved my shorties like Jesus loved children Amongst the Youngstas, for the record I gotta say I woulda broke the mic back in your moms and pops heyday So let me work it til the mic short circuits Shout without a doubt, I leave the wires all hanging out Grip it til I cause an inprint, see I raise it from an infant Then visualize growing magnificent The big willy chillie puffing on a lit Phillie Knock a mic silly now you know hoe my skills be C to the L and Smooth cause that's Mecca To let my shorties know who's the mic wrecka 	Who's the mic wrecka? (C.L.'s the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Pete Rock's the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Taji's the mic wrecka!) 	We're the mic wreckas! 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Rik's the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Yo Qur'an's the mic wrecka!) 	Who's the mic wrecka? (Everybody's mic wreckas!) 	We're the mic wreckas! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diamond f/ Pete Rock, Phife Dawg Album: Hatred, Passion, and Infidelity Song: Pains and Strife Typed by: scott_rodkey@hotmail.com [Phife] Now in this hip-hop world I happen to live in, heads be bitching It's a wonder that when the punks walk, they don't be switching Someone always got something to say, and I be itching To verbally bust their whole fucking frame, I ain't kidding Nothing wack over here, moneygrip, I'm always hitting And being that my name is Phife Dawg, I just be shitting All over the track by Diamond, fuck a rumor If you try to bite this style you might catch a brain tumor Nowadays it's eather the Heather or cheddar, fuck the babbling Put your money where your mouth is or there'll be no battling Don't play yourself and get dissed by Malik, it's too embarassing Take it straight to your face like Vin Rock, fuck the Samaritans I'm out to get the cheddar, no deals, I ain't having it Never to work again in my life, fuck Blake Harrington East Coast representation, as well as West Rub daddy speak, better listen, diggey knows best [Diamond] I'm swerving on MC's with these degrees The only cheese you've seen is from promotional fees, please I don't congregate with small timers I leave you scratching your head like Alzheimer's In a corner with four-timers smoking pretty women With this city rhythm I get witty with them Big D a.k.a. Ben Grin, I send men defending You run home and then send Your whole team back, scoped out I lean back Focused on greenbacks, niggas want to see me in green slacks Upstate doing a bid But I got plans reclined at the Sands With my team, in the name of cream Sipping on Jim Beam, still scoped your scheme It seems to me, it's obvious, it seems to be jealousy Fuck it if it means the beat Cause I dream to be the next one on the top I might blow up, but I won't go pop Fuck the props, I want to breeze with the cheese And my squeeze in the Florida Keys 	Pains and strife, let me live my life 	Born into a world that's trife 	Like a knife I cut through the mazes 	State to state smashing down stages, overcome with... (Repeat 2x) [Diamond] I'm off the hook, no more working off the book I often look at how MC's turn soft and book Look, you couldn't fade this renegade >From when it's made, plus your rhymes are minute made What's the deal, for real I watch you Got you under my skin like Sinatra Raise the stakes, see I believe it pays to make A thousand ways to take your tasty cake [Pete Rock] Hit the spotlight, and let me get right Crowd anticipation when we rock the mic It's like sex, good to the very last nut Every word that we say, every cliche So check the survery, Phife Dawg rhyming with Diamond Niggas get astounded, all simple like Simon Cream, working on plots and schemes To hit big clientel to the fullest, so represent, kid 	Pains and strife, let me live my life 	Born into a world that's trife 	Like a knife I cut through the mazes 	State to state smashing down stages, overcome with... (Repeat 2x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ JS-1 f/ Brother Ali, CL Smooth, Sadat X Album: Ground Original 2 Song: Nuthin' Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com Speaking [CL Smooth]: Yeah, CL Smooth, DJ JS-One Sadat X, there's nuthin' anyone can say Here we go Yes, yes, uh, uh Sample: There's nothing anyone can say (X3) Verse One (CL Smooth): I bring a lean with it, toss a little green with it Heavy on my team with it, bust up on the scene with it There's nothing you can say, we be sipping rose You can quote the whole game but son +I Did It My Way+ So clean and proper, that black Sinatra Another showstopper, we let it loose mama In the club with it, circle all the love with it Meet me on the dance-floor, what you think we here for? I'm so excellent, you're looking at the president You youngins tried to dumb it out but I was more intelligent And so Hip Hop, and so mainstream We talking new cream, you on the wrong team We do it all day, castle to the hallway I came from the bottom up, there's nuthin' you can say [Chorus X3: Samples] "Nuthin' anyone can say" "Somebody say, say nothin'"- KRS-One Verse two (Brother Ali): What do you say to a man who been to hell and back Escaped out of Satans hands with his head in tact Made his own plans when there was no welcome mat? Dog Ill tell you what you tell him You dont tell him jack Since you fine time rappers I hurt you motherfuckers  I beddie ? tuck you under covers I already outlast half of these youngstas Chill catch your breath Ain't nuthin' you should mumble Still nuthin' come from bumpin' your gums Baby I come where you from Get the hum buggin' begun I was raised on that +Mecca+ and that +All For One+ I've been training for the record since the story was spun Can run from the culture Either kill or be killed Now let your little bad breath will be still Say nuthin' Chorus [X3] Speaking [Brother Ali]: Ah, yes y'all. You are now rockin' with the best of the best y'all.  JS-1 is on the wheels of steel.  This is Brother Ali and we in here tonight.  The great CL Smooth and Sadat X.  Ha, I snuck my way on this track right here.  Sadat what up? Speaking [Sadat X]: Yeah that's right, Sadat X CL and JS Verse Three [Sadat X]: There's nuthin' you can say about X Sadat X the great, the godfather See him up on Broadway with the O'Jays chilling I might not had a top billing, but I'm straight I'm cool for travel, the passport is a pass cause There's nuthin' anyone can say You want to go to gunplay, I don't think you want that We keep the burners but we don't flaunt that For eight months I was laid up in the New York jail Only contact by the phone or the mail They didn't give a nigga bail but I handled it Came home, ate dinner with my baby, it was candle lit No parole, Sadat stay ready to roll JS, hit these niggas with that soul I'm never too old, I won't stop till I pop Can't we get past this radio slop? [Chorus X4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Edo G f/ Pete Rock Album: My Own Worst Enemy Song: Right Now! Typed by: u81k1@unb.ca *scratches* "Ladies and gentlemen" "Never been seen before" "Let's get down to the nitty gritty" [Verse 1: Edo G] I know what's missing from the game I gotta listen to names Too many young cats wishing for fame Them young cats wishing for chains I'm wishing for change A new approach, a different exchange The question remains How to pressure the game While we all dressing the same I'm blessed with the name - Edo G How many times you let the tech blow? Yelling and screaming up at Flex' show You only on cause to get dough No ?body? hold on tight and when to let go So I'ma ride it til the wheels fall off it Cause when I'm dead and gone they still gonna profit Bring it back to the golden age, when we would run up on niggaz and overthrow the stage You young at heart, but know your age, while Edo G and Pete Rock just blow the haze [Chorus: Edo G] + *scratches* Right now "right now" Right now, right now "right now" Right now "right" Right now "Right now" Right now "Right now" Right now I'm talking bout now "Getting to the point" [Verse 2: Pete Rock] Yo, I'm still doing this, relentless First class music pa, non-resistant Calm with the mic control, blast you rappers Saying nothing in your records, y'all more like actors I coincide with the real and state the factors Pete Rock with this rap, before and after Seen niggaz come and go, some chase the cheque Seen niggaz on the street get hit with the tech Seen niggaz lay they life down just for rep Sometime I think back to when rap was rec Time, for all my people to shine Climb down on my vine, chop down, define Quote that as my rhyme off the books and ledgers Keep faith in my team and we do it together It's Edo G, Pete Rock and we roast whatever The time is right now, fuck past endeavors "Ladies and gentlemen" [Verse 3: Edo G] Yo, a-yo, my diction fits in with his friction Spit non-fiction without contradiction mixed in Cause Edo G got a sick pen that'll flick men Out they jurisdiction when it kicks in I'm bout to rain like monsoons upon goons Immune to the pop tune cartoons They repeat theyself, defeat theyself But me I compete with self nigga I tweak and critique every word I speak So it leave a mystique like an antique You and your mans weak, been ahead of it Smack you with the mic give your ass a speech impediment I do it for the betterment Y'all chiropractor cats is only good for a settlement You got beef? Settle it I roll where the ghetto went Edo G, credit it C'mon [Edo G - speaking] Edo G, Pete Rock, haha 2005 stupid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Elzhi f/) Pete Rock Album: Elmatic Song: Pete Rock Shout Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Pete Rock] Yo, check this out man It's the Chocolate Boy Wonder Pete Rock, showing Elzhi some love Elzhi's one of the illest Detroit emcees Holler at your bizzle man, Chocolate Boy Wonder Pete Rock Elzhi, you the best, you heard? Peace The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D f/ Kool G. Rap, Grand Puba, CL Smooth   Big Daddy Kane, Pete Rock, Q-Tip Album: Peaceful Journey Song: Don't Curse Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Heavy D] This one definitely goes out on a censorship tip So everybody sit back, relax and have a champagne sip We gonna teach these people out there who are Against saying what we want to say the right way Y'know what I'm saying, so what we're gonna do Is kick back, swing a little funky beat by my man DJ Pete Rock, prducer extrodinaire, yo Pete Rock Make it clear I can flex, bend, lend a pen to a friend Keep a party pimping from now to then I don't have to swear, curse or juggle Lyrics in the verse to make a party bubble So mister Censorship, tell me, what's your problem There's girlies on the corner, and phifey can't solve 'em How did she say it, I'm curious G Does she say honey love me, or baby baby, fun me Anyway, we say what we wanna say Play how we wanna play, feels good that way So G Rap, huh, it's time to kick a verse Do your man a favor and don't curse [Kool G. Rap] You're telling me don't curse on a verse, they did it worse First I put a curse on every verse I kind of got outrageous Check it, even made a record on how I'm doing on the B-I-T-C-Hes Drop some verses for the bust Every word that you heard is cause I didn't give a f-, aw shucks Hey yo, I almost forgot The curse is a plot but it's getting kinda hot So I'ma let profanity retire, hey But if worse comes to worse, I'll cut you out like Richard Pryor So Grand Puba, kick a verse But do your man a favor and don't curse [Grand Puba] Don't curse bust it I won't curse, I'll take a famous curse word and just say kcuf Kcuf flipped around the other way means ha Boy when I do, I see, I can't get stuck Jump on the mic then I earn a quick buck Buck meaning loot, then I grab some boots And set wit my troops For those who can't follow and got stuck Kcuf flipped the other way means ahem, hem hem It's just a curse, I freaked a nurse in a hearse But I made sure I had my hat first CL Smooth, it's time to kick a verse God cypher the rhyme, you can't curse [CL Smooth] Go ahead ask me, when I kick a curse in a verse, I say nope Grab you by your hand, wash you're mouth out wit soap Thinking to be the last one wit the bad lingo Scooping on the skinz in the church from your bingo Sounds of the Mecca, dark fresh from the tailor Because they made a movie when he cuss like a sailor Better yet, dialect dirty like a subway Freaking for your loot, here to make it go the other way In a vocabulary scrimage But cursing in my village ain't good for my image So Big Daddy, you know it's time to kick a verse But do your man a favor, don't curse [Big Daddy Kane] Uhn, the smooth rap inventor that enter Parental discretion's not advised so there's no need to censor Kids wanna peep it, but you want to beep it, what I feel like slapping a sticker on ya (chill chill, see) but Too magical rhymes are too tragical For any source to stop Kane from getting capital If I thought sticking me was dissing me Man, don't you know that this would be worse than Stephen King's Misery So clean all profanity, stealing all the man to be Rocking any microphone you're handing me So Heavy D, i'm about to disperse So kick another verse and don't forget not to curse (Heavy D talks) [Pete Rock] God Bless but I can't mess around wit the curses So I'm a kick verses or a verse Soul brother #1 here to kick facts Smoke the microphone and produce crazy tracks Your my bad bro, let's start the flow I'm a kick rhymes till it's time for me to go I can't curse cause Heavy D said so Now I'm a get back to the subject Get wreck, if you think I'm bluffing, just check Wit the crew, Pete Rock and CL Smooth very down to earth And we didn't have to curse [Q-Tip] Yea, yea the Abstract poet Q-tip of a Tribe Called Quest Here to wreck, y'knowhatI'msayin Got my man Pete Rock and my man Heavy D in the house And we're definitley chilling on the lifted tip So bust the spit out, aha Flim flam flim, lick my big black stuff Plus I kick a curse to be rough enuff You can put the sticker where the sun don't shine So back off and let me get mine Visions in my head when it's dealing wit hits If I had 4 girls then I lick 8 its Wait, don't wanna hear no drama Cause the bum didaly Heav is a fav of my mama's So i blew out get mad lifted Don't have to say up the show that I'm gifted God bless me 'cause I reach my 21st Heavy D, don't drop a curse [Heavy D] Peace, peace, peace to the preacher I'm talking about a verse without a curse that's how I reach ya I can rock a party without a swear or a harsh verb Backwards, no curse words, Heavy D prefers So swing, swing to the Soul bequiem rhythm Before I say goodbye, let me tell ya how I hit 'em CL, Pete Rock, G Rap, Maxwell Big Daddy, Q-Tip and ah me as well Time to say peace, thank Pete for the beats This funky beat was made for the street Notice how clean that we kept every verse But if worst came to worst (We all say a curse) (Free Slick Rick...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Heavy D & the Boyz f/ Buju Banton, Kool G Rap, KRS-One,    Little Shawn, LL Cool J, Martin Lawrence, MC Lyte, Pete Rock,    Positive K, Q-Tip, Queen Latifah, Spike Lee, Treach Album: Nuttin' But Love Song: Friends & Respect Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Peace, to a man name Heavy D [Queen Latifah] Yo Hev, this is Latifah You are the biggest, cutest sweetie pie I ever knew {*laughs*} That's why I like you Not to mention, you got class, you got skills You got.. I-I could say so many things about you  but, yo I love you cause you're real Know what I'm sayin? You special [Q-Tip] Yo, yo.. Waddup! This Q-Tip, yanahmsayin? Yo my man Hev, yanahmsayin... The nigga got MAAAAAAD MAAAD mad love, yanahmsayin He, he just, he's just the {*censored*} man T-th-th-the-the-the, heh, the Dum Diddley Yanahmsayin, that's from my {*censored*} man Hev D [Kool G Rap] Aiyyo, check this out This the man that's +Wanted Dead or Alive+ Kool G Rap Full {*censored*} in effizneck, yaknahwhamsayin? And I feel my man Heavy D as one of the most top dog  Record label {*censored*} in the business Younahmsayin? Straight from down, "Mr. Big Stuff" on out to bag of +Blue Funk+, younahmsayin? Word up, on the realz-nil, peace! [LL Cool J] Yo B... (Go ahead, you're on!) I'm on, B? (Yeah..) Aiyyo Hev man, wassup man, this is L, man Just wanna drop a line on you baby I know it's like the, y'know, like the line-droppin days So I just wanna drop the line on you But you know I'ma have this here barbeque and you KNOW I wouldn't let you miss that, B HA~! So my man.. umm, hit me on the hip yo, and uh... I'll catch you when I catch yo, B Peace! [Positive K] Yeah, the one thing I like about Heavy D  is that uh, he keeps it real, you know He gave me some advice when I started and I think, um.. that's one of the reasons I guess I'm Positive K right about now [Pete Rock] Yo.. What I like about my cuzzy cuz, Heavster is that he's the dopest, cleanest cut, big boy rapper And ANOTHER thing I like.. about my cousin, Heavy D is he lets me come over his house, and raid his kitchen Raid the refrigerator and I ain't gotta clean up behind myself, man This is P-R (Pete Rock) Chillin, peace [Martin Lawrence] Yo, waddup, this is Martin Lawrence, to my man Heavy D Undoubtably, one of the best rappers in the game Also one of the THICKEST brothers in the game Yo, and if you ever had his momma's jerk chicken You'll know why the man goes "Diddley-diddley-diddley D" Yo Hev, nuttin' but love, boyee! PEACE! [Little Shawn] Yo waddup, this is Little Shawn, yaknowhatI'msayin Hev is the man regardless of anything because he does what he feels, yaknowhatI'msayin, from the heart He's a good brother, and he always let you know what's on his mind YaknowhatI'msayin, like all these people perpetratin gangsta Hev ain't on it like that, he's a real brother Peace! [KRS-One] (Blastmaster KRS-One in the house!) ...As a matter of fact  from 1986, y'know, we came out together, so.. I think uh, Heavy D is kinda LARGE Yo Hev, represent [Treach] Waddup, this is Treach in the house I like to comment, on my man Heavy D As a person, he's one of the coolest..  people you'd even wanna get to know Youknowmsayin, every time Heavy D comes out It's a whole different level, he never stays on one side He's one of the most unpredictable emcees, in hip-hop history that has been, underrated in my opinion But has more street respect than a lot of  the hardcore rappers that's out there right now We love you from Naughty, Heavy, and we out [Buju Banton] Yea.. One big reespek goes out to Heavy D Ev'ry time, comin from Buju Banton Cuh I say Heavy D, Heavy D {?} Heavy D original, Heavy D... MASH UP An' time Heavy D pon di dancehall it's just murdah Man a slip and man a slide, watch di tide [MC Lyte] Wassup WASSAAAAAHHHUP! This is MC Lyte right about now Here to definitely uh, congratulate Mr. Heavy D You've done it, uh, once again and again and you continue to do it so well Uh, the reasons why I like Heavy D is he's like one of those types if rappers  that you CAN listen to in front of your mother And um.. even better than that, your mother'll wanna listen to him So that's grand when you're listenin to Heavy D [Spike Lee] Hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello Wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup This is Spike Lee, talkin to you from Crooklyn Crooklyn Crooklyn - AHHHHHHHHHH... Crooklyn, New York And with a eaaaaaarly morning shout-out to my MAIN main main main main man man man man man Heavy, DEE Dee Dee Dee D...D-D-D-D-D-D Hoping that this album, is as fat, as yourself No pun intended  So... let's go! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: InI f/ Pete Rock Album: Center of Attention Song: No More Words Typed by: Chriskng231@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Pete Rock] Yeah yeah one two InI in the place from the Vernon-ville section yeah this goes out to all the niggaz that be frontin always talking saying shit they don't need to be saying and goes like this Grap lover [Verse 1: Grap Lover] Dig it I bust rhymes that keep the wise minds open Plus am hoping that ya get in the gist of my mind bliss Yo I am to represent the most high I heats up ya mind like a furnace no lie So why try test or dismiss ya stress On brother like grap lover Is to impress ya friends or maybe my man Rob O But the God is down with I so that shit do go so Take that ass to the lost and found Look for ya style there you little clown I am too busy paying dues got no times For playing games more credentials to my name Cause I am about to get fame Ya played out game got you thinking you star But talk is cheap so you wont't get far Tag ya name on the list with the rest of the herbs Cause on the strength for you I got no words [Chorus: Pete Rock] (4x) Check it out I got no more words frontin niggaz tag ya name to the rest of the herbs [Verse 2: Marco Polo] Justice imperial heavenly Asiatic decent On to be another hero in the present Father blessin brought all by his essence The healer of soul beyond the heights untold Worth gold plus I rest aside the Vernon-ville bold Where the brothers get ya open Junior players stay hoping to make it You might not last they might bust that ass And that's when ya grasp for the father You call you should da stall So why bother at all I stand tall and reign supreme fa I va I bet yo won't find a no mc that's liver So wish upon a star that's yo rhymes up yo part You study all day to pass the mc bar It's no thing to put the funk swing in a effect I loves on the beat so the mic gettin wreck And theres no more words so respect kid [Chorus: Pete Rock ] (4x) Check it out I got no more words frontin niggaz tag ya name to the rest of the herbs [Verse 3: Rob O] Started my man played it off I never noticed me why you scheming With the fucked up motive But uh check it let me school ya On the I the who what when and the why See I am despiser of discussing needs Of the I rule is the size of a muscle Seem smaller than smallest hidden just To niggaz planet and soil of earth And it's the biggest Tree that you ever seen turned into green Now ya fiend some man made shit by machine Shy damn bring the sticks Bring the brimstone bricks But ya naming them Listen to the crunch of your cranium Flow to the very last word of revelation Not sweatin armageddon or am I lettin Quite patient but still I bust that thick like ill Smoke trauma chill son no more words [Chorus:Pete Rock](4x) Check it out I got no more words frontin niggaz tag ya name to the rest of the herbs I am out We got no more words for brothers That be steppin on niggaz and frontin No what am saying straight up InI 95, 96 Word to mother soul brother records My man ran bangers in the house As we do it like this check it out One two no more words no more words [Fades out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: InI f/ Pete Rock Album: Center of Attention Song: Think Twice Typed by: miguelv2000@hotmail.com [Intro: Pete Rock](5x) "Sucka MC's please think twice" -> Special Ed - Think About It [Verse 1: Grap Luva] Who'll be the sucka MC to get dismantled I hope that you can handle your whipness or sees ya flippin gettin Down with my lazy boy laidback style of speak The funk makes you dance cheek to cheek I be the black civilian who is bound to make a million Or make enough loot so I can buy my own provillian Throw a fat party and invite everybody And play all the old school hits like Lodi Dodi Connections like OPEC while ya hung up like a Kojak I'm real like a ruby while ya fake like a pinchback That's imitation gold if you didn't know My rhymes flow as my vocab' grows and grows I freak it for the basslines always walkin on ya frontline Catch me while I'm boomin' in ya alkine Yo I'm out like a shot from a tec You need to think twice just to earn respect, so [Chorus: Pete Rock](5X) "Sucka MC's please think twice You don't know what you doin' Think about that" 	-> Special Ed - Think About It [Verse 2: Pete Rock] Aiiyo, as I come through for '95 with the flav' So amazin' the Boy Wonder's blazin' Respect the mic check, one, two Cause I display the funk material as I stand imperial To others, gotta lay low, undercover Cats flow to the hands for the crowd in the stands So here I am, plus I rock to please the public They want it, word son, they want it To hear the Soul Brother disperse words of wisdom When InI comin' direct on the set So represent, a lot of rap niggaz came to win But the style played out when they chose a different route Whatever as I stay true to the game Word to the troubled T-Roy you know my name Keep an eye on the stakes as I watch my back Think Twice before you try to grab the mic and react [Chorus](5X) [Verse 3: Rob-O] Yo beg your pardon... Whn I put one to the head now the funk shit startin' Fine soul I headline for my public get mine Yeah my rap subjects packed with potential Plus the versatile elements to crush ya scent I get down so cheer the mental Rhyme-pro I'm Rob-O the super spectacular brown skin nigga from Africa Blowin' up so it's impossible to get With the highlight and fly right and the niggaz on my dick Split when it's through, gotta skip with the Guinness Crew Give a shout out to my Uptown Crew, word up From New York, New York the Big Apple To the four square miles Uptown armed for battle Your niggaz is nice but my advice is you can't suffice So Think Twice, uhh [Chorus](repeated till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: J Dilla f/ Lil' Fame (M.O.P.), Pete Rock Album: Jay Stay Paid Song: Blood Sport Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Pete Rock] FM, Jay Stay Paid The hottest hour in hip-hop, you know who it is baby The boy Pete Rock And it's the revenge of Pay Jay Productions muh'fuckers [Lil' Fame] {*scratched in background: "Yeah!"*} And you don't stop Lil' Fame in the house, you don't stop J Dilla rock on you don't stop You don't stop, and you don't stop {*BOMB!*} [Chorus: Lil' Fame] Lil' Fame in the house, you don't stop {*BOMB!*} J Dilla rock on you don't stop {*BOMB!*} You don't stop {*BOMB!*} you don't stop {*BOMB!*} [Lil' Fame] It's like that and uh, it's like that and uh Uh-huh~! You fuckin with the Marxmen, and uh You fuck around and get left popped, in your bandana This is Mo. P's, A-B-G, Any Body Get-It From the moment I walked in (we go off top) My presence is felt, I'm light years ahead of myself See that ground that you stand Duke I'll put you under that Calm the fuck down homeboy you ain't a Thundercat Think you the illest nigga, I'ma tell you Fame realer Fame iller, now "Ante Up" bitch and pay Dilla Cause if heaven was a mile away (yeahhhhh) I'd jump in the V to come see ya, me and Termanology (That's whattup though!) And you don't stop {*BOMB!*} {"Too damn dough! Yeah"} Dilla Yeah, J Dilla whattup... WHATTUP~?! [Interlude] Holla look back at your mans dog, 3-1-3, 4-4-4-4 4-2-8, peace {"Hands up"} Get up! {*scratched*} C'mon! C'mon kid, c'mon kid, c'mon yo [Lil' Fame] For the year two thousand and nine It's the same old shit, niggaz out here out on the grind I run with them big shots, who let off four shots Let a full clip go as soon as soon as the ball drop It's a Marxmen Cinema team that's, seen this Hit a nigga with a package quick fast, sling this We'll, break yo' ass up, stomp you down It's Brownsville motherfucker we don't compromise We handle them bats like A-Rod, go 'head and play hard and find out what kind of bullshit we on It's the world's, most, dangerous Glorious victorious warriors from the left lung of the 'Ville Chill, before we send that forth back at ya {*ka-klow, pow*} Couple of slugs tossed back at ya Cause y'all know, like I know, who game realest It's the Fame and the Glory, but first pay Dilla Motherfucker! {*scratched: "Hands up" to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lost Boyz w/ Pete Rock Album: Legal Drug Money/America Is Dying Slowly compilation Song: The Yearn Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: [whistling] Shorty!! Shorty!! Shorty c'mere baby girl! (I like what I see) This go out to erybody man, a little station identification And we call this one for all y'all, who be going to buy... Chorus: The cheebas, them liquors The condoms, hit the ass It's the cheebas, the liquors The condoms, that ass Verse One: Mr. Cheeks Now now now Met this girl, just the other day When I was up, on Rockaway She was in Kennedy Fried (word em up) A little kill's breast, and I said, "Excuse me Miss... maybe we can go and jus chat." "About what?" "About, about this about that." I bet I put somethin in yo mind To make you heel it up bring it back come rewind Now I'm, just a rap artist Not sayin that I'm the best not the smartest but But I come up wit things ya never seen Things you never heard of like money and the murder like Next thing you know we in the rest Drinkin liqour, puffin on the buddha sess I threw on me a Rough Rider I slid inside her Chorus: Wit my cheebas, my liquors My condoms, hit the ass I had the cheebas, them liquors The condoms, hit the ass We had the cheebas, the liquors The condoms, hit the ass We had the cheeba, the liquor The condom, the ass!! Verse Two: Freaky Tah Don't be fuckin wit my shorty, sippin on her forty Or puffin on her blunt, cuz she's no fuckin stunt True to the game, goes to school for her edu-ma-cation While I bounce around the nation From nation and back to New York I twist the cap, pop the cork  and take a long walk to the court Buddha, I spark chill wit my crew Who it be Mr. Cheeks when I sip my nigga brew And get in, you gets the fan understand Bouncin, we gets to buzzin forty ouncin Hit Virginia, I get the shorty-shorty Hippin on the forty on the corner wanna bone In home or out on my own I get whatever hit her, and then get rid of her After I'm done with it, my man, he wanna get with it Then he hit it from da back, now my crew wanna hit it But me Freaky Tah, trip off and I creep Niggaz they be buggin, but don't ever peep my style My crew is buckwild We been in this game for awhile Chorus: Smokin cheebas, the liquors The condoms, the ass It's the cheebas, them liquors The condoms, the ass (repeat 3X) Verse Three: Mr. Cheeks Now before you run up in that wear your mutha poke-pro-fa-lac stick, before you run up in skinz Before you bone, run your mouth to yo mens Make sure that you protect yourself That shows that you respect yourself Now don't violate your skin and your balls You'll be making, the phone call See Dr. Abraham or them condoms now You know that you best to be aware Don't go bustin up and nuttin in Let a nigga from the Lost Boyz tell ya somethin No man know he play he the fuckin game But AIDS ain't got no fuckin name All you chancy niggaz that's playin cute Don't jump, without a parachute Verse Four: Pete Rock Yeah here we go as I shoot from the top of the key The Lost Boyz in the house with the Capital P Grab a chair relax and pass the Alize I'ma tell you a little somethin about this chick around my way She was a dime with a brown skin complexion She looked so good you'd think you wouldn't need protection Girlfriend was top choice selection... ...around in every section They got twisted, she said no condom so he risked it Caught in the mix and now you sick kid Word is bond, I thought by now you learned your lesson Fucking around with no protection So emphasize this, stressin the point, and analyze this Don't get caught, with the virus It's the Chocolate Boy Wonder with the LB Fam Listen up, use your condom when your third leg stand [Chorus fades] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Pete Rock Album: 10 Year Anniversary Illmatic Platinum Series (Bonus Disc) Song: The World is Yours (Remix) Typed by: kill4747@Hotmail.com ..."It's yours!" --> T La Rock [Nas] I sip the Dom P, watchin Gandhi til I'm charged Writin in my book of rhymes, all the words pass the margin To hold the mic I'm throbbin, mechanical movement Understandable smooth shit that murderers move wit The thief's theme, play me at night, they won't act right The fiend of hip-hop has got me stuck like a crack pipe The mind activation, react like I'm facin time like 'Pappy' Mason with pens I'm embracin Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets Air the Nikes on my feet, keep my cypher, complete Whether crusin in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep I can't call it, the beats make me fallin asleep I keep fallin, but never fallin six feet deep I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for presidents to represent me I'm out for dead fucking presidents to represent me [Chorus - Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) "It's yours!"--> T La Rock [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? [Nas] To my man Ill Will, God bless your life To my peoples throughout Queens, God bless your life My insight enlights vision Words of wisdom Niggaz pay me a tuition to listen The murder paragraphs of mysticism Man plant seeds that brings forth multiple breeds so many cultures on one  planet but one culture's free. Son, I need Weed to proceed Change the flow speed and I'm getting vex Giuliani you 6-6-6. There's no days for broke days selling smoke pays I toke the chocolate potent philles never roach-sprayed. Shit is a hassle, the bridge is like a haunted castle The mic my religion and the system is the Devil's lasso And yo, the trife life is the most influential The colors on mink skins and pens is coincidental How ya living large you broke, You're wasting time extortin papers from smokers Catching court papers getting broker [Chorus - Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) "It's yours!"--> T La Rock [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? [Nas] I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down singlehanded For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne I'm deep by sound alone, caved inside in a thousand miles from home I need a new nigga, for this black cloud to follow Cause while it's over me it's too dark to see tomorrow Trying to maintain, I flip, fill the clip to the tip Picturin my peeps, now the income make my heartbeat skip And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up, even my brain's in handcuffs Headed for Indiana stabbin bitches like the Phantom The crew is lampin Ill Will style Check the gold toothed smile, plus I profile wild Stash through the flock wools, burnin dollars to light my stove Walk the blocks wit a bop, checkin Danes plus the games people play, I check the games plus the games people play bust the problems of the world today [Chorus - Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The World is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours [Pete Rock] Whose world is this? (La la la) [Nas] The world is yours (La la la) The world is yours (La la la) "It's yours!"--> T La Rock The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: N.O.R.E. (P.A.P.I) f/ Pete Rock Album: Student of the Game Song: Vitamins Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Pete Rock] One two one two! N.O.R.E.! Uh! [N.O.R.E.] Yo! Yo Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo Yo! Yo! Yo! Yo! Yeah! WOO! Uh! Uh! Uh! [Verse One: N.O.R.E.] Yeah! You smell like pork like Kermit The Frog fingers Know some bar lingers, they as hard as God singers (HUH?!) I got a price on this chain call it Mark Cuban (WHY?!) 'Cause when we see the mark we 'gon snatch his cuban (DIE HUH?!) Rick Rubin rockin rose shots gold pot (DOUBLE UP!) Pyrex bakin soda killer combination (HA!) Rob you for you safe kill your combination (DIE!) Noah's Ark water flow congregation (WHAT!!!) Night time hoodie on thick Champion With cocaine do the opposite of ambien Life's a bitch of layin in the sand Boss +Rush Hour+ chinese, Rickey Tam I heard that opposites attract though Skinny bitches to a fat so, gas flow, that's low (WOO!!!) My cuban niggas still not fans of Castro With dictator ship still call him asshole [Chorus: Pete Rock] (N.O.R.E.) Yo! White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) [Verse Two: N.O.R.E.] (*Pete Rock) Yo! Pete Rock let the record stop Yeah! Matter fact let the record drop Jose Luis smooth obeisance, for my audience Just straight through we ain't do recordiance Legendary nigga legendary status See the mic is like my wife, it's a legendary marriage Whattup with +Mecca And The Soul Brother+ (*You already know!)  Tell CL stay cold brother! See it's the changin of the guard, these newer niggas want us out These one hit single niggas and they always out See I survive through the era of the shiny suits Throw on them hardy boots and we had them army suits Survive threw the B.I.G. and the Pac shit (Pac shit!) Just think about that before you pop shit (Pop shit!) Shootouts in front of radio stations doin this We had to +Move Bitch+ like Ludacris [Chorus: Pete Rock] (N.O.R.E.) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) [Verse Three: N.O.R.E.] Victor, P.A.P.I., Superthug, Slime Father Melvin Flint, Jose, no way El Pollo Loco Move the loco pollo Black and I'm worth alot of money (Cha ching!) like some raw oil Respect the techniquie but I don't battle rap I put the metal to your head you could battle that Split a riddle stuffed with a sour hat I never sleep, I take power naps [Chorus: Pete Rock] (N.O.R.E.) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) White Guinness (HA!) Blue Heinekken (HA!) Red Corona, take it like a vitamin (HA!) [Outro: Pete Rock] N.O.R.E.! Chocolate Boy Wonder! Huh! Yeah! 2013! HAAAAAA!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Public Enemy f/ CL Smooth Album: Nighttrain 12" Song: Nighttrain Land of the free But the skin I'm in identifies me So the people around me Energize me Callin' all aboard this train ride Talkin' 'bout raw hardcore Leavin' frauds on the outside But the bad thing is anyone can ride the train And the reason For that is 'cause we look the same Lookin' all around at my so called friend Light skin to the brown The black Here we go again Homey over there knows Keith an But he be thiefin' I don't trust him Rather bust 'em Up out goes his hand and I cough He once stole from me Yeah I wanna cut it off The black thing is a ride I call the nighttrain It rides the good and the bad We call the monkey trained Trained to attack the black it's true 'Cause some of them look just like you Stayin' on the scene Sittin' on the train See all the faces Look about the same There go the sellout who's takin' a ride like Cargo 'Cause he deal The keys from Key Largo Runnin' Nat narcotic By George he got it Takin' makin' the G erotic And the fiends they scheme So he can put 'em down But his method is wreck 'em Put 'em in tha ground Got tha nerve as hell To yell brother man He ain't black man Cuz he ate his Pac Man Known to murder his own Traitor on the phone Ridin' the train Self-hater trained To sell pain The master's toy Little boy Hard to avoid he look wit' it but he null 'n' void 'Cause he ridin' the train you think he down for the cause 'Cause his face looks just like yours (CL Smooth) The conductor, track the structure overstood Nighttrain the plain, little engine that could One express so let's next stops Mecca A place to face to make a black man better CL and Chuck D, we don't talk rubbage But just like a slave, we gotta ride wit the luggage On the nighttrain More of the same insane who sayin' Like flowin' like nighttrain Runnin' the pain of the black reign You look, you laugh You doubt and go out And I'm gone But the bass goes on To talk the talk, but walk the walk The king of New York Crack a lack attack the black To crack the back Once again I test a friend wit' sincerity Or consider him an enemy Who am I to tell a lie Rather push the Bush Hope da cracker get crushed I'm rollin' wit Rush Leader of the bum rush Russian I ain't Spreadin' like paint Lookin' at the put I got And its kickin' But it ain't chicken But it's livin' for a city So sick 'n' tired Of a scene buckwild, piled in a file Senile or chile They said it never been no worser Than this, I'm on the nighttrain They hope ya don't miss it Give ya what dey gotta give you just go You musn't just put your Trust in every brother yo Some don't give a damn 'Cause they the other man Worse than a bomb Posin' as Uncle Toms Disgracin' the race Blowin' up the whole crew Wit' some of them lookin' Just like you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Public Enemy f/ Pete Rock Album: Shut Em Down 12" Song: Shut Em Down (remix) I testified My mama cried Black people died When the other man lied See the TV, listen to me double trouble I overhaul and I'm comin From the lower level I'm takin tabs Sho nuff stuff to grab Like shirts it hurts Wit a neck to wreck Took a poll cause our soul Took a toll From the education Of a TV station But look around Hear go the sound of the wreckin ball Boom and Pound When I Shut 'em down 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 What I use in the battle for the mind I hit it hard Like it supposed Pullin no blows to the nose Like Uncle L said I'm rippin up shows Then what it is Only 5 percent of the biz I'm addin woes That's how da way it goes Then you think I rank never drank, point blank I own loans Suckers got me runnin from the bank Civil liberty I can't see to pay a fee I never saw a way to pay a sap To read the law Then become a victim of a lawyer Don't know ya, never saw ya Tape cued Gettin me sued Playin games wit my head What the judge said put me in the red Got me thinkin bout a trigger to the lead No no My education mind say Suckers gonna pay Anyway There gonna be a day Cause the troop they roll in To posse up Whole from the ground Ready to go Throw another round Sick of the ride It's suicide For the other side of town When I find a way to shut 'em down (Pete Rock) I wreck for respect Check one hit the deck Wit the man of the hour Commit the soul power For once I got to say shut 'em down on the regular Causing mass hysteria in your area Kicking it for my man Chuck D Down Wit PE On the remix Hung on the flix So check it before I step down When I'm in your town You know I got to shut em down Who count the money In da neigborhood But we spendin money To no end lookin for a friend In a war to the core Rippin up the poor in da stores Till they get a brother Kickin down doors Then I figure I kick it bigger Look em dead in the eye And they wince Defense is pressurized They don't want it to be Another racial attack In disguise so give some money back I like Nike but wait a minite The neighborhood supports so put some Money in it Corporations owe Dey gotta give up the dough To da town or else We gotta shut 'em down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ CL Smooth Album: Wake Up! Song: Our Generation (The Hope of the World) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [John Legend] Hope of the world is in our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us, to change this present situation (let's straighten it out) Take caution from our elders, don't make the same mistake (let's straighten it out) Let's fill the world with love, and get rid of all the hate Our elders taught us one thing but, practice another Just look what happened to the Indian and the brother (Straighten it out!) {*3X*} Hope of the world is in our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us, to change this present situation (let's straighten it out) Our leaders make us fight, and we don't know what for (let's straighten it out) If they want people killed, let them fight the war! It's gotta end somewhere, this killing's got to cease If no one were to fight, we'd all live in peace Our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us (let's straighten it out) Our generation (let's straighten it out) Let's do just what we must And straighten it out! (Straighten it out) Gotta straighten it out! (Straighten it out) Straighten it out! (Straighten it out) Yeahhh we gon' straighten it out, yeahh! [CL Smooth] As long as there's a you, there's a better me It's why we're together and stronger than they ever thought it could be A world motherless - can health care cover this? A love for all people no matter what the culture is Our generation, is makin huge strides A self-empowering movement that's on the rise The more the door is open, the more the youth can see a fair chance means a greater opportunity To have a brighter future, deeper insight Work hard to be anything you want in life It's what it's all about, the longevity Educated enough to know what's ahead of me Need to straighten it out, seek and you'll find they can cage your body, but not your mind We lay it all on the line in the struggle We grew, but together here's what we gotta do [John Legend] Our generation (let's straighten it out) It's all left up to us (let's straighten it out) Our generation (let's straighten it out) Let's do just what we must, and straighten it out! [JL with background singers] Our generation - straighten it out! Let's straighten it out - and straighten it out! Heyyyyyyyyy we can straighten it out, YEAHHH! C'mon yeah! Our generation - let's straighten it out Hey hey, we'll straighten it out We'll straighten it out - straighten it out New York City, better straighten it out Atlanta, better straighten it out In Los Angeles, you better straighten it out We can straighten it out, we can straighten it out {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Roots & John Legend f/ Pete Rock & CL Smooth Album: J. Period Presents... Wake Up! Radio Song: Our Generation (J. Period Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, kirenamloh@msn.com [John Legend - Intro] Good morning! This is Wake Up! Radio  with John Legend & The Roots and J. Period, Wake Up! [Martin Luther King, Jr.] Let us realize that, we don't have to hate As we try to, straighten this situation out {"Straighten it out so everybody know" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Run-D.M.C. f/ Pete Rock and CL Smooth Album: Down With the King Song: Down With the King Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca down with the king for years, about ten of 'em recruiting suckers, Mac and Mike, and makin' men of 'em tears and fears for my peers, they rippin' you think that it is, it is, if not it isn't race for the border my daughter, 'cause beats you're bangin' out jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out gather, or rather form a circle around a loud 'cause brothers or others could never ever rock a crowd is it because he's runnin' off with the mouth or was he really clearly tryin' to play a nigga out nope, shut him down, the king with a crown 'cause all you wanna be is dicky down (CL Smooth) two years ago, a friend of mine asked me to say some MC rhymes so I said this rhyme I'm about to say the rhyme was meeca, and it went this way wrecka lecka mecca mic check on the windmill skills Mac distracts, wearing Godfather hats it's okay to parlay to fortee better tell 'em my nigga made a sweater tougher than leather swing another Rodney King thing in our right but just like the white one I get no respect money stay awake, 'cause them other niggas are fake from Hollis to the Becon, now your dumb ass is leakin' C.L. and Run DMC so rush it big time way before Hammer got to touch it remember the faces in all types of places look Ma, no shoelaces and I'm.... I'm takin' the tours, I'm wreckin' the land I keep it hardcore because it's dope man these are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down not mean for a hoe like a slow jam, check it sucka emcees could never swing with D because of all the things that I bring with me only G-O-D could be a king to me and if the G-O-D be in me, then the king I be the microphone is granted when it's handed to me I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee the emcee fiends only seem to agree that I rock all the world and the society I rages on the stages with a tune of verse I get praises from these pages to the universe my voice is raw, my lyrics is law I keep it hardcore like you never saw (Pete Rock) I'm the man you see, in the place to be I went to John Jay University and since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge and after twelve grade I went straight to college down with the kings on the mic, a full swinger the P to the R, not an R&B singer the R to the U-N-D-MC'n the fly human beings, tonight I hold the key and flowin' with the funk track, here to soul brother black pick up the bass, better yet leave a space so let me put my big black ??? on in to the early mornin' had skins doanin' mecca? (yo) you want the mecca? (yo) I'll make a funky beat so we can blow, check it out Pete Rock's the beat knock, put you in a headlock and now all the outty out flock is down with the king The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sadat X f/ CL Smooth Album: Brand New Bein' Song: Nuthin' Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [CL Smooth] Yeah, CL Smooth, DJ JS-One Sadat X, there's nuthin' anyone can say Here we go Yes, yes, uh, uh I bring a lean with it, toss a little green with it Heavy on my team with it, buss up on the scene with it There's nuthin' you can say, we be sipping rose You can quote the whole game but son I did it my way So clean and proper, that black Sinatra Another showstopper, we let it loose mama In the club with it, circle all the love with it We be on the dance-floor, what you think we here for? I'm so excellent, you're looking at the president You young'ns tried to dumb it out but I was more intelligent And so Hip Hop, and so mainstream We talking new cream, you on the wrong team We do it all day, castle to the hallway I came from the bottom up, there's nuthin' you can say [Chorus X3: Samples] "Nuthin' anyone can say" "Don't nobody say, say nuthin'" [Sadat X] Yeah that's right, Sadat X CL and JS There's nuthin' you can say about X Sadat X the great, the godfather See I'm up on Broadway with the O'Jays chilling I might not had a top billing, but I'm straight I'm cool for travel, the passport is a pass cause there's nuthin' anyone can say You want to go to gunplay, I don't think you want that We keep the burners but we don't flaunt that For eight months I was laid up in the New York jail Only contact by the phone or the mail They didn't give a nigga bail but I handled it Came home, ate dinner with my baby, it was candle lit No parole, Sadat stay ready to roll JS, hit these niggas with that soul I'm never too old, I won't stop till I pop Can't we get past this radio slop? [Chorus X4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Soul Supreme f/ Pete Rock, A.G. & T-Max Album: The Saturday Nite Agenda Song: Queen (Hip-Hop) Typed by: xxmerkutioxx@aol.com "You're a Queen to me" [A.G.] To all those girls who said A: "you smoke too much" "Shut up baby, and roll that Dutch" They used to shine on me, well shame on them 'Cause the sun shines on me, I put flames on them With multiple V's, look at the rims on those Honey get out the passenger side, look at the ass on her Cat suit under the fur give me chills when she purr And I take 'em three at a time like Steve Kerr And I love 'em long time so you remember me If you let me tap on that like the MPC From stage to stereo we on point like ready go Soon heavy dough, is all we ever know And while y'all fallin' like the first time on stage  I'm the last one standing like the Empire State I get dirty you should know the model We all gotta go so I blow it in the air like there's no tomorrow [T-Max] Yo, droppin' weight artistically Sick to the fifth degree Who doubtin' check ya history Respect when you mention me No negative energy (please) Enough war takin' place in the streets To be publicizing the beef I'm playing for keeps No documentation of any type I'm rockin' the mic  Not raping for the fame or the hype The glimmer, the glam, the bling or the blam If I wasn't married with kids and rocking the jam I'd be somewhere in West Virginia running government scams And having everybody in the bank show me they hands Irresponsible and desperate, in other words anything's possible Not knowing each night, if it's the morgue or the hospital Or both, so much for the subtle approach I might just open fire, smoke the herb down to a roach My show's to promote Was it me or something I wrote? The whiz took the shaft to the throat In nothin' but the trench coat [Pete Rock] Yo, I do my thing mainly to teach my offspring And come together like the song I sing Each one and teach one all I spit for the cause, unbreakable talent that shit that keep you smiling Focus on getting money and raising my seed Move moms out the hood by 2003 And keeping making that heat, my foes out defeat The most High He walks with me, He talks with me And all y'all haters in my way, yo get off P Make fools of y'all niggas that's softies About face when you fuckin' with the boss, G And that's serious, comin' through Fast and Furious I make amends with life and never make the same mistakes twice Work hard, see me in a positive light Stay flowin' on a regular Still makin' beats and still gettin' it together The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kanye West f/ Jay-Z, Kid Cudi, Curtis Mayfield, Pete Rock, Charlie Wilson Album: My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy Song: The Joy Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} Add a little sugar (AHHOW~!!)  Honey suckle lamb (Whoo!!) A great big expression of happiness Boy, you could'nt miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Mr. West) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Whoo!) [Kanye West] I do it for the forefathers, yeah the street authors That are not A&Rs in a cheap office Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off us (AHHOW!!) Gave her a handshake only for my man's sake She in her birthday suit 'cause of the damn cake Now it's crumbs all over the damn place and she want me to cum all over her damn face I never understood Planned Parenthood 'cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood Takin refills of that Plan B pill Another shorty that won't make it to the family will If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will They ain't crazy, they don't know how insanity feel Don C just had a shorty, so it's not that bad but I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} Add a little sugar (Whoo!!) Honey suckle lamb (C'mon!) A great big expression of happiness (AHHOW!!) Boy, you could'nt miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} (Uh...) ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Kanye) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Yeah) [Kanye West] No electro, no metro  A little retro - ahh, perfecto You know the demo, ya boy act wild You ain't get the memo? Yeezy's back in style Now when Rome got Gidget, the other got Bridget What's more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters Nah, you ain't listen, they black - they sistas They momma named 'em after white bitches So next time you see me on your Fallopian Though the jewelry's Egyptian, know the hunger's Ethiopian Stupid questions like, "Is he gon' be dope again? Have you seen him? Has anybody spoke to him?" ...This beat deserves Hennessy and bad bitch, and a bag of weed - the Holy Trinity In the mirror where I see my only enemy Your life's cursed, well mine's an obscenity  [Chorus: Curtis Mayfield - from "The Makings of You"] (Pete Rock) {Charlie Wilson} [Jay-Z] Add a little sugar (Whoo!!)  Honey suckle lamb (C'mon!) [Red lights..] A great big expression of happiness (AHHOW!!) Boy, you couldn't miiiiiiss... {uh-huh...} [Make that thing roll] ...with a dozen roses {eh-eh-eh...uh} (Kanye) Such would astound you (...Pete Rock) [Uh] The joy of children laughing around you (Uh) These are the makings of you (Yeah) [Jay-Z] (AHHOW!!) ...This is my momma shit I used to hear this through the walls in the hood when I was back on my pa-jama shit Afros and marijuana sticks  Seeds and the ganjas had it poppin like the sample that I'm rhymin with Pete Rock, let the needle drop I seen so much as a kid, they surprised I don't needle pop Takin sips of pop, six packs of {?}, Pink Champale Ballentine L, Ballys on my feet help me balance out well That and the shit I used to balance on a scale I got it honest from the parties from my momma's Virgin Marys try to judge her, I'm like, "Where the Madonnas now?" Give all glory to Gloria, they said "You raised that boy too fast", but you was raising a warrior We victorious, they'll never take the joy from us Uh! [Kid Cudi] Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Don't let them take your fire Keep your hands up, get mine up Yeah... [Pete Rock - Outro] It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... It's Pete Rock... Kanye... One two... Okay... 