The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy and The Family Album: No Way Out Song: No Way Out (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA.com Damn I would have never thought it ever woulda been like this Life is crazy God -- please watch over my family Please protect em Forgive my enemies -- for they know not what they do Please Lord -- forgive me for my sins, and protect me from evil For thou art the kingdom, the power, and the glory  Now and forever In your name we pray Amen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Busta Rhymes, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Victory Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Notorious B.I.G.] One, one two Check me out right here yo [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Yo, the sun don't shine forever (BIG: You can turn the track up a little bit for me) But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together (BIG: All up in my ears) Better now than never, business before pleasure (BIG: The mic is loud, but the beats isn't loud) P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better? Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight (BIG: YEAH!) So when you hear somethin, make sure you hear it right Don't make a ass outta yourself, by assumin (BIG: YEAH! Now the mic is lower, turn the mics up) Our music keeps you movin, what are you provin? (BIG: Turn that shit all the way up, yeah) You know that I'm two levels above you baby (BIG: Music's gettin louder) Hug me baby, I'ma make you love me baby (BIG: This shit is hot!) Talkin crazy, ain't gon' get you nuthin but choked (BIG: Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) And that jealousy is only gonna leave you broke So the only thing left now is God for these cats (Puff: It's all fucked up now) And BIG you know you too hard for these cats I'ma win cause I'm too smart for these cats While they makin up facts (uhh) you rakin up plaques [Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G.] In The Commision, you ask for permission to hit 'em He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him You heard of us, the murderous, most shady Been on the low lately, the feds hate me The son of (*Satan*), they say my killing's too blatant You hesitatin, I'm in your mama crib waitin Duct tapin, your fam' destiny lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist Francis, M to the iz-H phenominal Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes Excellence is my presence, never tense Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike Anyone -- Tyson, Jordan, Jackson action, pack guns, ridiculous And I'm, quick to bust, if my ends you touch Kids or girl you touch, in this world I clutch Two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso Now you call me Castro, my rap flows militant, y'all faggots ain't killin shit Ooops Cristal keep spillin shit; you overdid it homes You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone Hold hands and say it like me The most shady, Frankie baby, fantastic Graphic, tryin to make dough, like +Jurassic+ +Park+ did quick to spark kids who start shit See me, only me The Underboss of this holocaust Truly yours, Frank White [Chorus: Busta Rhymes - repeat all 2X] We got the real live shit from front to back To my people in the world, where the fuck you at? Where my niggaz is at? (2X) Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? [Verse Three: Puff Daddy] Put your money on the table and get your math on Break it down, split it up, get your laugh on See you later Dog, I'ma get my stash on There's a bed full of money that I get my ass on I never lose the passion to go platinum Said I'd live it up 'til all the cash gone Ain't that funny, only use plastic, craft it to make classics, hotter than acid P-D, rollin on your tape or CD The girl-boy killa, no team illa The Fam-o, ammo, is every channel We been hot for a long time burnin like a candle What you can do is check your distribution My songs bump in Houston like Scarface produced 'em You ain't gotta like me, you just mad cause I tell it how it is, and you tell it how it might be [Verse Four: Notorious B.I.G.] We got the shit, Mac tight, brass knuckles and flashlights The heaters in the two-seaters, with two midas Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us P. Diddy run the city, show no pity I'm the witty one, Frank's the crook from the Brook' Matty broke the neck of your coke connect No respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish Shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish Venice took the loot, escaped, in the Coupe Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Luc' Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacin him Niggaz step up, we just macin them Placin them in funerals, criminals turned aroused The Brick City, nobody come off like P. Diddy Business wise, I play men Hide money on the Island Cayman, y'all just betray men We spray men - opposition, competition Another day in the life, of the Commission [Chorus] - 2X 	[Puff Daddy - talking over Chorus] 	Aiyyo, can you hear me out there? 	Aiyyo turn me up, nobody can hear me out there 	That's good, it's all fucked up now 	Y'all know it's all fucked up now right? 	What the fuck I'ma do now? 	What I'ma do now? 	Can y'all hear me out there? [Busta] We got the real live shit!! [Puffy] Can y'all hear me out there? (Fuck y'all niggaz wanna do) [Puffy] It's all fucked up now.. what I'ma do now, huh? [Puffy] What I'ma do now? It's all fucked up now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Mase, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Been Around the World Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Mase Yo yo, this Mase, youknowhatI'msayin? You got niggaz that don't like me for whatever reason You got niggaz that don't wanna see me rich You got niggaz that's mad, cause I'm always with they bitch Then you got niggaz that just don't like me You know, the, those P.H.D. niggaz But you know I pop a lot of shit but I back it up though see it's a difference, a lot of niggaz pop shit But a lot of niggaz don't make hits But it's like this whole Bad Boy shit we come to bring it to y'all niggaz, me, B.I., Puff, Lox, whoever Black Rob If you wanna dance, we dance Verse One: Mase Now trick what? Lace who? That ain't what Mase do Got a lot of girls that'd love to replace you Tell you to your face Boo, not behind your back Niggaz talk shit, we never mind that Funny, never find that, Puff a dime stack Write hot shit, and make a nigga say, 'Rewind that' Niggaz know, we go against the Harlem Jigalo Getcha hoe, lick her low, make the bitch, hit the do' I represent honies with money fly guys with gems Drive with the tints that be thirty-five percent Hoes hope I lay so I look both ways Cop says, 'OK, my tint smoke gray' No way, nigga leave without handin me my shit Got plans to get my Land and my 6 Niggaz outta pen'll understand this shit Pop champagne like I won a championship (uhh, uhh) Chorus: sung by Notorious B.I.G. 	spoken words by Puff Been around the world and I I I And we been playa hated [say what?] I don't know and I don't know why Why they want us faded [ahehe] I don't know why they hate us [yeah] Is it our ladies? [uh-huh] Or our drop Mercedes [uhh, uhh] Bay-bee bay-BEE! Verse Two: Puff Daddy I was in one bedroom, dreamin of a million (yeah) Now I'm in beach houses, cream to the ceiling (that's right) I was a gentleman, livin in tenements Now I'm swimmin in, all the women that be tens (hoo) Went from Bad Boys to the Crushed Linen Men Now my divi-dends be the new Benjamins (uh-huh) Hoes of all complexions, I like cinnamon Mase you got some hoes well nigga, send em in (c'mon) What you waitin for, let the freak show begin How they came in a truck? (Mase: Nah Puff, that's a Benz) Mercedes, c'mere baby, you don't like the way it's hot and hazy, never shady, you must be crazy It's ridiculous, how you put your lips on this Don't kiss right there girlfriend I'm ticklish (heheh) And I be switchin fees with a wrist full of G's Nigga please, I'm the macaroni with the cheese Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy, Mase Now Puff rule the world, even though I'm young I make it my biz to see that all ladies come (yeah) Get em all strung from the tip of my tongue Lick em places niggaz wouldn't dare put they faces (c'mon) Before I die, hope I, remake a flow by In the brand new treasure on a old try Now when my third dry, even when the smoke lie Eat the mami chochi and drive a low-ride We never ride far, packed five in a car Save money for the drinks, I'm about to buy the bar (yeah) And everywhere I drive I'm a star, little kids all on the corner scream, 'That's my car!' It was days couldn't be fly, now I'm in a T.I. Come in clubs with B.I., now a nigga V.I. (uh-huh) Rock tons of gold, nuff money I fold Roll the way you wanna roll, break a hundred out the toe Chorus w/ slight modifications 	line 1, Puff: C'mon, yeah yeah, uh-huh 	line 2, Puff: We been playa hated! 	line 3, Puff: Why? 	line 4, Puff: Why they want us hated! 	line 5, Puff: Why they hate us? 	line 6, Puff: Is it our ladies? 	line 7, Puff: Say what? 	line 8, Puff: Yeah, bay-bee bay-BEE! Chorus w/ Puff talking while B.I.G. sings 	You know, sometimes I gotta ask myself 	Why's there so much jealousy in the world? 	Don't look at mine, get yours (music fades) Radio Show from B.I.G.'s album continued: OK after these messages we'll be back with the Mad Rapper and his brother the Mad Producer, after this *applause* OK just sit back, relax, and enjoy yourself We'll get you through this Take a sip of water, deep breath, that'll do it And welcome back as you can see (You got the check though?) I'm Trevor Jones and I'm sitting in I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper (Did you get the check though?) and he's still pretty mad But, this time he brought someone else with him and quite frankly (yeah yeah) he's even madder (You god damn right!) Mr. Producer (yo, youknowhatI'msayin) why are you so mad? Yo, Iiiiiii, I'ma I'ma keep it real simple for you 	Yeah t-t-t-t-t-tell them niggaz why you mad son! 	Tell them niggaz why you mad son! (OK, gentlemen please, one at a time) 	Tell em why you mad son, word up, tell em why you mad son! YouknowhatI'msayin? Iiiiiii, Iiiiiii be I be I been I been, I been here for the culture, youknowhatI'msayin? I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't I don't be recognizin all that new jack shit 	Yo we don't play, we don't play that shit youknowhatI'msayin? (Please Mr. Producer, explain yourself, Mr. Rapper, please calm down) That nigga be on some bullshit, youknowhatI'msayin? 	We ain't, we don't do that shit, word, yeah He ain't no real producer neither And then come to find out youknowhatI'msayin My brother hipped me to it, the nigga tryin to rap now! 	Oh yeah, that's the shit that got me mad! (Please, Mr. Rapper, once again) 	That's the shit that got me mad! 	That's the shit, youknowhatI'msayin? (It's a family oriented show) 	YouknowhatI'msayin? That's the shit that feds me up (Gentlemen, please) 	Word up, youknowhatI'msayin? (Disregard the foul language) 	I'm watchin this nigga video youknowhatI'msayin? 	They got mermaids swimmin in they living rooms and shit 	like that youknowhatI'msayin? 	This nigga dancin in the rain with kids climbin up mountains and shit 	YouknowhatI'msayin? 	I'm I'm I'm watchin this nigga video (I'm gonna have to ask you to refrain from the language) 	the car goin two hundred miles an hour 	WHERE THE FUCK IS HE GOIN?! (Please Mr. Rapper, please refrain from the foul language) 	The nigga climbin out the fuckin car! (One more time) 	Let me see you try that shit on a train! 	YouknowhatI'msayin? Try that shit on a fuckin train 	What kind of shit, youknowhatI'msayin? 	Got a thousand niggaz write for him, let ME write for you 	Son my shit is jumpin, I got John Blaze shit... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy and the Family Album: No Way Out Song: What You Gonna Do? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Puff Daddy] It's a Hell Up in Harlem, fuckit, another day another dollar, wake up, to the barking from the Rottweilers Pull the collars, make em sit for the Godfather Then I holler, to Justin my son, run the water for the shower, trust fund scholarship sure to give him power Baby momma call, she pick him up, in about an hour Now free to go, free to blow, with the calicos and the navajos, it's just the way this player knows anything goes, finally caught up with my nigga Sam Sam Picked me up, in the tan Lex Land Wanted breakfast down at Pan Pan's, what's your favorite dish? He ordered cheese eggs and grits, I had the swordfish What is this? Three niggaz dressed in black Roleys on they wrist, feathers in they hat One tapped me on my back, then pointed at my stack Put my finger on the trigger then I asked him, "Whatchu want nigga?" [Chorus 2X: Puff Daddy] Whatchu gonna do when it's your turn to go Whatchu gonna do when you can't take no mo' You gonna cry like a bitch or take it nice and slow Whatchu gonna do when it's your turn to go [Verse Two: Puff Daddy] I pray to God that I'm dreamin, I know my family wouldn't take it, when the doctor said, "He ain't make it" Mom Dukes cryin, baby mom full of grief How she gonna tell her son his daddy is deceased? Now she got beef with them bitches up the street All because I used to creep, with her girlfriend Sharese She knows, I keep the hoes, from nation, to nation On every radio station, Goodfellas in rotation, uhh That's why niggaz wanna twist my shit, flip my wig Attempt to murder me like Tommy Gibbs Before they draw, niggaz threw me to the floor Drill holes in my pocket, Sam launch the rocket They wanna rip my arms out the socket, fuckin heathens Love to see a nigga stop breathin I heard a voice sing out, "Ain't you Sean Puffy Combs? Here's your eulogy, meet you at the Crossroads" G'night Bone [Verse Three: Puff Daddy] Nothing but clouds and white suits fill my vision Watching my life go down, like Christian Listen hear them bullets rang, shotguns and Mac millis spraying like a hurricane in this war called the terror game And deuce deuces can't stand the pain Little guns ain't got no business in this blizzard they just kibitz, here's five shots to visit, blaka Blowin bullet holes sizes of door knockers Three headed for my chest straight, the other two came a little late, and just barely missed my face I'm tryin to find a steady place between two cars One of us gon' either wind up dead, or behind bars Shit, I'm just tryin to live, so I can raise my kid and own the world, bone all the girlie girls That's when I finally figured out That's that nigga David Arthur, Sharese baby father And I didn't even bother to ask no further questions No more confessions only suggestions I think Sam set me up, cause them bullets squeezed up from the rear, and Sam was the only nigga there Then they all peeled out in the rental, aluminum Sam in the passenger seat, so I'm assumin them niggaz didn't even get to peep Lil' Kim and them, in the backseat, with the heat Clips they feelin em, to the top, shit ain't sweet Once the light turns red, nuff said, that's dead They fled, and they waved, hot lead If I aimed up, I'd be on my deathbed Sucker move, for that they don't get no props Lil' Kim and them, mad they ain't bust no shots We in the block, no Land posters just old posters of gangsta niggaz I see ghosts of gangsta figures I'm tryin to hold my own when they snatched me out the car Took me in the saloon and said, "Puffy, there you are" Them same cats we chased two blocks had new spots washin dishes, I guess for goin out like bitches I smacked em, gave a little speech, to mirth Happiness, cause me and all my peeps got hurt That night, I said a little prayer, me and Justin That's when I heard the bustin, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim Album: No Way Out Song: Don't Stop What You're Doing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Chorus: 	Don't you stop it, don't you stop what you're doing 		You don't really wanna stop Eh eh 	Don't you stop it, don't you stop what you're doing 		You don't really wanna stop Eh eh Verse One: Puff Daddy Yeah yeah, uh-huh, check it out, yeah, c'mon Whether you like it hard or the live guitars Anything dropped if it's hot it's ours If it's not it's yours, we on the job Everybody eatin, everybody involved You can't stop that like you can't stop rap Bad Boy stop what's the chance of that? We don't stop, so check the, mansions and stacks And we don't have to answer to Jack No wonder we had this rap shit locked, for eight straight summers Pull up at the party, eight straight Hummers Six be the 6th 7th and 8th wonders Pop corks, we be the toast of New York And out West, we want y'all to understand All we wanna do is make you dance We know the song ain't done wrong when the party is hot Y'all don't really want us to stop, do you? Chorus Verse Two: Lil' Kim When it comes to the cheese, baby girl roll dough Fuck Domino's, strictly dice Bet you niggaz won't flow for this ice, notes is the price Lil sis' walk away with the dough, y'all niggaz still broke While my pockets on re-up Y'all niggaz shit on E, what a pi-ty Ain't it a shame how your man chose me And you wanna know why, it's mad simple Even in the winter, still pull a baller wit my jimmies Drive a Ta-hoe, wit plenty cash flow He know, anything I touch I blow And I crush a show, wit my luscious flow Gotta crew full of niggaz and a Lexus too All of them hold me down while I'm pressin you So who stressin who, and even though my nigga gone Lil' Kim and Puff Daddy keep keepin it on Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy Now you can pump this in your jeep, on an off road Pump this to your blows on the way to the tow Bang this til you're bein old when you at home on the six-four, sittin on chrome Yo we don't stall we ball while you playin the wall We in the middle of the danceflo', gettin off Gotta bunch of hot chicks gettin live with us At the end of the night they gonna slide with us I could tell y'all the rest but it's ob-vious To the top now, ride with us, c'mon We don't stop, we run the game, we don't watch every single region, we own blocks Never let up, you tell me, who do it better Every single I drop, at least two are better The song ain't the wrong when the party is hot Y'all don't really want us to stop, do you? Chorus 	Everything we make is hot 	Thought I told you that we never stop 	Keep risin to the top, yeahhh 	Keep risin to the top, yeahhh (repeat above four lines over another Chorus to fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Carl Thomas Album: No Way Out Song: If I Should Die Tonight (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Sometimes I think about dyin 	Yeahhh-haaa Unfortunately, I'm seein a lot of death in my life 	Oahhhooooh I seen a lot of friends die I seen a lot of family members die 	If, I, should, diiiiie tonight When I think about dyin, I think about 	Won't it be, alllll, before my time? a sense of release Just released from all the pressures 	I know dyin, sugar yeah and all the negativity 	cause, I know you I also think about, finally, gettin a chance to see all the loves ones again 	If, I, should, diiiiie tonight that left before me That'll be kinda fly 	Won't, it be, alllll, before my ti-me Walk through the gates, see my grandmother See BIG, see God, heh 	I know dyin, sugar yeah Shit is crazy 	Because I know you, know youuuu I never been afraid to die 	If I should, diiiiie tonight But I know I don't wanna die Not just yet anyway 	Won't it be, alllll before, my time? Feel like I got a lot more livin to do 	I know dyin, sugar yeahhhhaeahhh Lot of unfinished business 	Cause I know, you, ohhhhh KnowhatI'msayin? 	If I, should die, tonight ba-by We'll see 	Won't it be far before my time? 	I know dyin What does it all mean? 	Sugar yeah 	Sugar yeah What does it all mean? 	Yeahhahahhhahhhhhahhh *music fades* 	I don't wanna die... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy and the Family Album: No Way Out Song: Do You Know? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Then, there are the times in my life When I feel, trapped Feel there's, no way out No escape To be honest, I don't know where my life is goin Where I'll end up at I just don't know Verse One: Puff Daddy I looked back and saw the cat focus, took notice Stayed away from the bogus, til his rise began Phillies stacked his grand played the brokest til he seemed hopeless, soon to be the dopest, cat comin Track stunnin, fame singin, his name ringin Money starts to pile, honeys start to wild Top notch drop top make everything he drop hot He dream, visualize, plot and scheme Got the cream legally without the beam Witcha fire eye drive slow, 8-5-0 Jet black tint still, they might know Who the cat controllin the strings of rap and R&B Trapped inside of a movie starrin me, so far Chorus: repeat 2X 	Do you know where you're goin to? 	Do you like the things that life is showing you? 	Where are you going to? Do you know? Verse Two: Puff Daddy Shorty was brimmin, singin, hangin with cats who move bricks Heard she do backflips, for niggaz who stack chips Suck for dough, now she fuck for Bills up in Buffalo Real G's makin her back swell Only givin head to those niggaz who rapped well Owned a black cell, flip it, sippin on Whitman cool mints Rumors spread, half a G she took, six or more Two bagged up, four went raw Back of my mind countin up the big score Violators from the door, she lookin up from the floor Sore from all the pain her body couldn't ignore So far from pure, rotten to the core Either or, for sure, trapped inside the world of a whore Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy Hard to cope with, all these niggaz and dope whips with cash flow, motherfuckers that gotta flash gold to bag hoes, they not nice, 600 circle the block twice In they Roleys they rock ice, to get they hit on Bitches dyin to get on, suck a dick or get shit on Don't understand they playin wit it Players get these bitches open and let they man hit it Fuck that, you can trust that, if I had a gun I'd release slugs black and bust back See how these players love that, to the point where I can't take it, I'm a playa hater, I can't fake it I wanna spill myself, to feel the thrill myself And since I can't be a player, wanna kill myself, trust Chorus w/ variations I been on this road for a long time now At time it seems like the road is never gonna end On this road there's a lotta, hills and mountains Peaks and valleys Even a lot of potholes on this road It's never smooth, on the road of life I don't know where I'm going I just know where I wanna end up at Chorus w/ variations Lord can you help me get there? Please let me get there *piano interlude, Chorus again* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Jay-Z, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: Young G's Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Biggie] Uhh, check it out, uhh *singing* I steps in where the Mo's and the hoes at bay-bee! Fuck all that pretty shit Takin it back to the gutter for you motherfuckers Niggaz know the deal Niggaz know who the Don is Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one Peep game, uhh, what, what [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Out of this world like Mars, when I spit these bars Come fuck with these stars up in luxury cars We built them radars to stay free from the cops Crucial choices to make, like A-C or the drop Are we gonna stop? Shit man never my squad go broke Your squad arti-choke Watch your circle vanish like cigar smoke Ain't no joke, when your ones don't show Nigga I know, might say 'Been There Done That' like Dre Through hard work I earn the vault Promise God to never look back or I turn to salt Got nice watches nice cars nice bitches and rings Guess it's safe to say a nigga like me got nice things Can't relate to motherfuckers, who ain't go no cake When you all fucked up, and can't get no break When your fake ass friends, don't help you out when you need it Be on some real bullshit, politely tell you to beat it Fuck that, get your own nigga, don't ask me for shit That's what I did, now they all askin for hits Nigga it's on for the simple fact I let it be known We still fly but seperately cause now I, charter my own Propellers, Goodfellas, leave all them playa haters jealous Billboard charts should tell us, they can't touch us Why niggaz bring the ruckus? Because release day is bigger than Mandela's, motherfuckers Just some ghetto boys Living in these ghetto streets -- these ghetto streets And everyday they gotta fight to stay alive It's just reality [Verse Two: Jay-Z] Yeah, ye-ye-yeah, check These here's the dog years and motherfuckers don't shed I try to bring you life but motherfuckers want dead So I travel with the barrel, with the chrome, with the lead Cause when it's on, then it's on, the shots flowin through your head I been rich I been poor I saved and blown bread Some say I been here before because of the way I zone Some said, Jigga zone is like the fallin of Rome Reoccuring, that he thinks like that cause he's observing Won't be known until I'm gone and niggaz study my bones Mentally been many places, but I'm Brooklyn's own In the physical, onee seems, like a lost body In fact my thoughts don't differ much from that of God body But it's the odd shottie, that got cats, likening me to the mob John Gotti, rap dudes bitin me cause I got it locked like the late Bob Marley Pardon me y'all, the great Bob Marley Solemnly we mourn, all the rappers that's gone Niggaz that got killed in the field and all the babies born Know they ain't fully prepared for this New World Order So I keep it ghetto like sunflower seeds and quarter waters You walk em through it, you know, talk em through it Know these beads is more than music whenever I talk to it Destined for greatness and y'all knew this, when I doubled the pie Had a shorty and a girdle comin out of B-W-I (in school) I hated algebra but I loved to multiply And I told my nigga Big I'd be multi before I die It's gonna happen whether rappin or clappin have it your way Cause if that's my dough you're trappin, I'm clappin your way [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.] Damn it feel good to see people up on it Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it My brain is haunted, with mean dreams GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer than Richie, quickly, niggaz wanna hit me If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit in my circumfrence, mad bitches, with mad lucci Bulletproof vestes under they coochie Spittin my uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggaz represent Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin bent And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies I be smokin trees in Belize when they find me While you still killin niggaz with punany, like heiny and Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw you on the floor with the virus While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke Got lawyers watchin lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it Them country niggaz call me Frank White I'm squirtin off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight Sunrise open my eyes no surprise Got my shorty flyin in with keys taped to her thighs With all the utensils, who hang my china thing She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rental The situation ain't accidental.. What? From a, from a young G's perspective.. (repeat 2X) [Chorus] - 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Black Rob Album: No Way Out Song: I Love You Baby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash 	(I'll always be there for you) [Puff]	Yeah 	(I'll never betray you) [Puff]	Mmm, mmm, mmm 	(I love you baby) [Puff]	I love you baby Verse One: Black Rob I met her Uptown on Dyckman, aight then Talkin that, how she only dealt with businessmen Niggaz baggin joints, money off and on the books The ones who stand firm like ain't, nuttin shook about them, I doubt them cats waitin for me You know them niggaz, them big dudes across the street She say, "Yeah, they from over on Mayfair" Bullets from out of nowhere, told her to stay there and duck down I hit the ground but managed to pull a piece out This bitch over them with them pointin the chief out They want beef out here, they gon' get it in the worst way, I'ma show em how Black play Roll the dice, fuckin with me is like snake eyes I break guys, sit back and watch my cake rise It's all about the Benjamins, true that be the motto Ran out of ammo and started, throwin bottles Runnin, and I ain't lookin back for shit Crooked ass bitch, today I get you back for this (I'll get you back) Chorus: repeat 2X I love you baby 		No you don't You drive me crazy		That's right I'll never betray thee		Uhh I love you baby			C'mon Verse Two: Black Rob (starts rapping during the chorus) Yo since the last altercation I been goin to street Seein honey at the club ery week and I speak I'ma rock that ass to sleep before I strike I ain't know the real deal until last night How, one of them brothers was locked with bankroll Used to call my crib to see seventy-four Kick rhymes over the phone for hours he had the dac babe bro told him, 'You wanna get money, see Black when you get home', we never had chance to get up And wouldn't have, if his gun had left me hit up He'd explain how his whole crew was slappin honey Besides all that, she owed them cats a lot of money Funny how it's a small world, baby girl Youse about to get, fucked with no jail I'ma sit back and watch this cake finish bakin And plan your extermination, word Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy It took a while to peep your style, Miss I-be-in-workin Low profile single, house in Staten Island and Manhattan while, them same cats you sent to get me boo, is on they to get you Fuckin witchu, that small time crack dealin nigga He a bitch too, they gon' bust his shit too Shit's real, you think you gonna set me up And get away scot free without some type of injury Nah kill it, I'ma flip the script on you Same thing you did to me, I'ma do it to you Who knew she was the female Rambo Fill one of they chest with four soon as he came in the door Life is out, snuffed all they mans in In the end, she had to be the Last Bitch Standin Not for long the buck the forty-four strong Just like that she was gone, now it's over Assumin I'll go back to my everyday life Of a rich millionaire just rockin the mic Gotta pause, and think about honey no doubt and admire how the chick went out Chorus: repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, The LOX, Notorious B.I.G. Album: No Way Out Song: It's All About the Benjamins (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhh, uh-huh, yeah Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uhh, uh-huh, yeah 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Goodfellas, uhh [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Now... what y'all wanna do? Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers? Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers On the low from the Jake in the Taurus Tryin to get my hands on some Grants like Horace Yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals Spaghetti, fettucini, and veal But still, everything's real in the field And what you can't have now, leave in your will But don't knock me for tryin to bury seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard on your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word Swimmin in women wit they own condominiums Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums It's all about the Benjamins, what? I get a fifty pound bag of ooh for the mutts Five carats on my hands wit the cuts And some'n European figures, fuck the clutch, what? [Verse Two: Jadakiss] - (overlaps last two lines of Puff Daddy) I want a all chromed out, fuck bein a broke nigga Drinkin malt liquor, drivin a Bro' Vega I'm wit Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh) Rockin Bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon) Lost your touch we kept ours, poppin Cristals Freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah) Enormous cream, forrest green -- Benz jeep for my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme (that's right) We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you You should do what we do, stack chips like *Hebrews* Don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh) Cause I leave you, I'm only here for that green paper which the eagle [Verse Three: Sheek] I'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal sized Picasso's And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's (whoo!) Mienda, with cash flowin like Sosa And the latin chick tranportin in the chocha Stampedin over, pop Mo's, never sober  Lex and Range Rovers dealin weight by Minnesota (uhh) Avoidin NARC's wit camcorders and Chevy Novas (uh-huh) Stash in the buildin wit this chick named Alona (uh-huh) from Daytona, when I was young I wants to bone her (uh-huh) But now I only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha) Trickin, they takin me skiing, at the Aspens (c'mon) Uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin Cristal Pack a black pist-al in the Ac' Coupe that's dark brown (whoo!) Pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin Italian music down the river wit your chick clingin to my bizzalls, player you mad false Actin hard when you as pussy as RuPaul [Interlude: Puff Daddy] C'mon, c'mon, uh-huh 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 4X) 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Now, what y'all wanna do? 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Wanna be ballers, shot-callers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers 	It's all about the Benjamins baby On the low from the Jake in the Taurus [Verse Four: Lil' Kim] - (overlaps last two lines of interlude) Uhh, uhh, what the blood clot? Wanna bumble wit the Bee hahh? BZZZZT, throw a hex on a whole family (yeah, yeah yeah) Dressed in all black like "The Omen" (say what?) Have your friends singin 'This is for my homey' (that's right) And you know me, from makin niggaz so sick Floss in my 6 with the Lex on the wrist If it's Murder, you know She Wrote it (uh-huh) German Luger for your ass bitch, deep throated Know you wanna fill the room cause it's platinum coated Take your pick, got a firearm you shoulda toted, suck a dick All that bullshit you kick, playa hatin from the sideline Get your own shit, why you ridin mine? (uh-huh) I'm, a Goodfella kinda lady Stash 380's and Mercedes, Puffy hold me down baby! Only female in my crew, and I kick shit like a nigga do, with a trigga too, fuck you (Big: Yeah, yeah, uhh, uhh, uhh!) [Verse Five: Notorious B.I.G.] I been had skills, Cristal spills Hide bills in Brazil, about a mill' to ice grill Make it hard to figure me, liquor be, kickin me in my asshole, uhhh, undercover, "Donnie Brasco" Lent my East coast girl, the Bentley to twirl (uh-huh) My West coast shorty, push the chrome 740 Rockin Redman and Naughty, "Oh where my kitty kat?" Half a brick of yea, in the bra, where her titties at And I'm livin that, whole life, we push weight (uh-huh) Fuck the state pen, fuck hoes at Penn State (c'mon) Listen close it's Francis, the Praying Mantis Attack with the Mac, my left hand spit, right hand grip on the whip, for the smooth getaway Playa haters get away or my lead will spray Squeeze off til I'm empty, don't tempt me Only, to Hell I send thee, all about the Benji's What?? [Outro: Puff Daddy] 	It's all about the Benjamins baby Uh-huh, yeah (repeat 8X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Notorious B.I.G. (uncredited) Album: No Way Out Song: Pain Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash There's times in my life where I just I just wanna run away, I just I just wish the pain would stop I don't wanna cry no more I wish the pain would go away Start a day, bad hands make it hard to deal Sometimes I wanna pull it, end it all with a bullet Hard to live life to the fullest with all this bullshit Mad as fuck, a nigga had enough From jump street, saw my father murder massacre slain One shot took half of his brain, I recapture the pain Twenty-three years, three when it happened Twenty-six now, still I can't stop the tears Then my mood switch, thinkin about this sheisty bitch Kinda funny cause they fake it when they callin you honey On your dick when they think a nigga, might be rich That's when I shit, cause I know you fuck with me for my money Learned the hard way, ain't no correctin the grief Baby moms starts sexin, my so-called beef Don't give a fuck if they Marked me For Death like Steven or relievin your breathin, long as I'm even 'fore I'm leavin Pain... 	I wish this pain, would go away We're talkin about the kind of pain that 	I wish this pain, would go away just gets all up in your heart, and in your soul 	I wish this pain, would go away The kind of pain that makes you feel like you can't go on no more 	I wish this pain, would go away The kind of pain that I wouldn't wish on anyone I can't relate to them cats who hold gats at the gate Is it my fate, am I that nigga, that they love to hate Solely, slowly, cause I rock a Roley they want my brain gone Cause of a fuckin chain on? Migraine's on, now the pain's warm, I stagger And I'm hopin I don't know the cat with the dagger Penetratin my heart, rushed thoughts etched in grief To the City College deceased may you rest in peace To the families, I never meant to cause no pain I know the truth, but if you want, then I shoulder the blame Overcome at times by uncontrollable flames, and multiple pains Now it seems like I'm goin insane For the love of you and hip-hop I expand the news But before my shit drops, I stand accused Don't you think I wish we all was rich? One for all it's pain to see your people when they all can't ball The pain.. 	I wish this pain, would go away 	I wish this pain, would go away I don't wanna give no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away I don't wanna receive no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away God, please take the pain away I can still hear the shots that left my man Big layin on my knees cryin and prayin, then I said "God why? Got to know how hard we try  Don't let him die, please don't let my nigga be dead" But it was too late, California sealed his fate Gone now, hard to move on now, fuck making songs now Wish I could die, I could fly If they don't give a fuck, fuck it why should I? That's when Big spoke, pulled up in a glistening 3 with platinum wings and said, "Puff listen to me" He puts his hands on my head and said "I live through you Make hits continuous, this is what we do I know it might be strenous and times is hard Just keep the faith cause now we rhyme with God Plus you owe it to yourself and don't forget the kids" That's when I opened up my eyes and new Bad Boy lives 	I wish this pain, would go away 	I wish this pain, would go away One day the pain is gonna stop 	I wish this pain, would go away One day there's gonna be no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away [Notorious B.I.G.] I'm tellin you man now don't let these motherfuckers fuck your shit up God I don't give a fuck WHO it is Don't let em fuck yo' paper man, please Big Focus your mind man, do your albums, make them hot joints man fuck these niggaz man Fuck these niggaz man And I'ma tell the same thing to you When you get your shit done, watch your money, and hopefully, I pray for you, you be the shit And soon motherfuckers start screamin your name out like they screamin all these other, so-called hot niggaz Never take your eyes off that shit yo Try to get everything you can out of these motherfuckers yo Ain't no guarantee they gonna love you next year... 	I wish this pain, would go away 	I wish this pain, would go away One day the pain is gonna stop 	I wish this pain, would go away One day there's gonna be no more pain 	I wish this pain, would go away One day the pain is gonna stop 	I wish this pain, would go away One day there's gonna be no more pain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Ginuwine, Twista Album: No Way Out Song: Is This the End? Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Ginuwine] Momma told me one day it was gonna happen But she never told me when She told me it would happen when I was much older Wish it would've happened then (Is this the end?) [Verse One: Puff Daddy] Sometimes I be wakin up at high noon sayin, "Why me Lord?" -- folks thinkin I'ma die soon I just tell em keep seekin, but when they sleepin I be concealed up in my room, knowin that it could happen I'm just tryin to maintin, because the future is untold till the static unfolds that the good die young Please God let a Bad Boy die old Do you think I wanna lie cold Or better yet have many shots come close to the head Shirt soaked til it's red The most that was said was that my homies had a toast to the dead Do I need a pack a vest for stress so I can rest Cause even though I'm blessed in my flesh It all came down to a test A motherfucker wanna go and put a tattoo on my chest Now I'm caught up in the mix and I can't do shit, but still I can't ride with program, fearing no man Hit the car door let the door slam it's a blessing that he had slow hands But he's still right behind me All these heartless fools is steady comin after my P So many phony niggaz lovin to hate Sean So many cheddar niggaz comin after my cheese Is it my car that they're losin, are we all for the choosin? Or is it all in confusion? Better yet all an illusion Shots rang through the hall bullets cruisin for bruisin Don't let this heartless bastard take my life away I don't wanna conceive takin his either Dipped into the back and took a breather Heard steps steady in closin with the bullet skeezer Gotta do somethin, I ain't scared to go but yet my heart is steady pumpin for somethin I refuse to be the one that they be dumpin Gotta get away before the techs start gunnin Bodies start jumpin, wreckin my brain not to try and understand but withstand, is it cause I'm a rich man Or is it trying to put a brother down in the dirt like quicksand But no matter what the reason, I don't wanna stop breathin There's dreams to fulfill still Can't complete em with a still kill Face to face with enemies still grill Forgive me for the pain I've caused and the sins I've committed even though I'm not hopin to go I wish someone would open the do' This man's holding the trigger and his finger's steady choking it slow Is this the end? [Chorus Two: Ginuwine] Just, can't, let, go (Is this the end?) I, just, don't, know Wish it would've happened then [Verse Two: Puff Daddy, Twista] Did I just hear a tight jam, now it's on let make my maneuver Hit the alley saw his man in a landcruiser In his hand was a Ruger, dipped in a Lex like Luger Heard shots from a steel bruiser Teflon in the seat took a pale stress Felt the hate on my chest as I placed on my vest What's wrong with the brakes in the LX? Ran straight into a lightpole, just before I got my life stole A car came to the rescue I bailed in and said, "Bless you But what made me the man you would wanna show help to?" I proceeded to ask him, and he said with a passion I could never watch a soul die, plus you the man lookin too fly (But who are you?) The pimp nigga named Twista from the cold Chi When the sun's shy gotta keep one eye, nigga I been shot at and stole on No protection from one time, only caught for my prime So I asked the Father what I did so wrong? Cause shit it's been hard for me besides chief and the smell of sweet news when the beef brew Motherfuckers steady ballin but steady fallin right in detours, bout to hit my feet soon So I just presume, deep into the rhymes of a rapper Prepare my mind for the capture Thinkin Ginuwine like the bachelor But why these niggaz wanna make us into crime with the rapture? Ego for dispersin us, don't even hurt the clutch Cause he's coldblooded and merciless Steady bustin shots at both of us, was the strap close to us Then for survival we both to bust But Renaults get to roast to crush, cause he steady gettin closer Paranoid like a crackfiend when the gat seen scream when the bullet hit me in the shoulder Don't wanna die til I get older Try to visualize the beholder, he's inconceivable so now my sight is gettin dark a lot Let's step off up in this parking lot where them dogs bark a lot And try to wait until his ma get hot I can make a person fight to survive whether good or connivin You never know when it's your time to leave Smokin weed to keep my mind at ease, let's go back to the car but wait, I can't find the keys Plus we didn't chill long enough, the footsteps are comin close Is it one of them unholy men? With a strap ready to boldly sin Mama told me it was comin, but I wish she woulda told me when Is this the end? [Chorus 2X] (Chorus Two fades out at the end) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ The Lox Album: No Way Out Song: I Got the Power Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Verse One: Styles] My click is in it til it's over, never sober Bustin over, lay in the lane with the 'caine in the Rover Pray to Jehovah, for the nigga with the Ruger The young Don, the Heron mover You know my hustle, I bring the fo' pound to the tussle Motherfuck your pit with no muzzle So chill cuzo, let me blow for my niggaz Runnin round, get down like motherfuckin gorillas Shorty bop the wolop, in the spot with the dollop Pot full of acid, I got the game mastered Move dimes, hit twenties addicted to gettin money It could be a hundred degrees and never look sunny Black I'm tryin to live, somethin got to give But everyday's the same old, runnin from po-po Mom think I'm loco, cause I sell crack and puff cocoa Yo, it's the style see it's still the same And when worse comes to worse, I steal the 'ciane Papi know my face, so he don't expect it Runnin from the gutter so he gots to accept it Stripped his ass naked, then I put a slug in him He just another motherfucker, ain't no love in him I put a bug in him, never sleep on one who never slept I take my last breath every time I hit the meth It's the D to the E, M to the O N Blowin, steady playin shotgun, throwin Don't you see the shorty with the baseball cap Don't make me flip motherfucker with this baseball bat Best to brace yo' gat, 'fore I brace mine, cause I lace nine from yo' dome to yo' motherfuckin spine [Chorus: Puff Daddy] I be, that nigga that yo' niggaz can't fuck wit That nigga that yo' bitches wanna creep wit That nigga that you can't get along wit Playa hate but you wanna do a song wit That nigga that you see in the videos That nigga with the jewels and the jiggy hoes That nigga that'll die for his main man That nigga with the gettin money gameplan [Verse Two: Sheek] Haven't you heard that Bad Boys move in silence yet? When you increase the peace, the mo' wild it get I'm only sizin you niggaz from the waist up And I ain't, wettin no parts you can't touch with makeup Mr. Jacob without the Ladder It don't matter clap your wake up and do a shakeup nobody badder, since the, baby finksta I was in the playpen wai-tin for kids to enter Shit I even blitz the rich to get chips Housekeeper disguised with the nine bubble grip Extra clip in the vacumn if I slip Room service ring the alarm and get the bomb Blown to Hong Kong wide been long gone Plus I got the power to ramshack, you dig that? Worldwide while you simply thug where you live at [Verse Three: Jadakiss] You don't really wanna get involved, with the L-O-X car-tellers, Goodfellas, that's who we are You can't outsell us, it ain't shit you could tell us Jealous dog, cause we spread like relish Bad Boys, and we all eat together When it go down, then we draw heat together Since I made the connection with the big man I done got big plans, to be a little nigga in the big Land Ghetto star, presidential all gift wrapped And what you call weight? I know cats who sniff that Enjoy life, what are you sayin? If the DA ain't got a nigga payin, papi got him weighin Anything to do with money you can count J in Next time we bring it to these faggots we ain't playin Cream of the crop, and we ain't never gon' stop Hittin you in your head with that butter from The Lox [Chorus] - fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Foxy Brown Album: No Way Out Song: Friends Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Aha, yeah, yeah In a world of, larger moves, new cars to cruise Sometimes I make the news, falsely accused I gotta shake the spot when the stakes is high A brother needs space like a vacant lot I'm lookin forward to the future, Mase and The Lox And my little son Justin, touchin a knot You knew I was comin for the crowns that's uptown You knew I was comin to put it down so what now? It's the Bad Boy, pull up and break the clutch down in the five-speed, smirkin then pull up at high speed Can you enterprise and rise like cream do? And leave em talk about the last time they seen you? Game is magnet, to everything platinum with my name attached, can you all do that? Think one thing when you read my name That Puff nigga, the game'll never be the same Chorus: Puff Daddy singing 	What do you do when they love you? (Let's) "live your life" 	What do you do when the love turns cold? (Let's) "live your life" Do you love me baby		I'll be your friend Do you love me baby		Though I love you like a brother 				I would rather be your lover Verse Two: Foxy Brown Erybody wanna be Pam Grier now, stare now Wanna know what I wear now, peep the gear now, uhh I swear now, I done killed that shit Dangerous Na Na, niggaz feel my shit, uhh Roll for delf, niggaz steal my shit sells Dunn tripped on Gortex to Pelly Pel You're fuckin with Mel, I have 500 to sell Convertible shit, leavin bitches real sick Heard he liked to trick nonstop, floss a lot Ballers out of town, spots in Adobe cot It don't stop I Fox, floss plenty rocks Since eight-nine nigga been pushin, plenty drops Nigga keyed up, stash for real Twenty G's please what? Fuck the soft shit Hundred thirty pounds of raw shit, the flaw shit The P.C. on some real to Newark shit Recall, my whole fam jig the fuck up what? Bet-ta chill, 'fore you slip the fuck up Get your wig, split the fuck up, nigga lust Dangerous, when three general niggaz bust Infa-wear, but I sips Dom Pierre Floss through the ave all them hoes wanna stare Oh yeah? I'm up in your life, play you trife Brook-lyn, bring it on nigga Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy Can you feel me baby? I been away a long time Is it still me baby? The one on your mind Can we creep when everybody sleepin and find ourselves 'tween satin sheets intertwined Can I touch you baby? Is that aight witchu? Can I love you baby? What we about to do could make the whole earth move, I tell you my first move Climb up in it slow, I ain't tryin to hurt you Can you feel me baby? Should I keep it right there? Is it still me baby? Take off your night wear And lay your pretty body in the middle of your bed As I place myself in the middle of your legs Do you want me baby? Just let me know like Aaliyah baby, and I'ma set you slow Get freaky baby, can you handle that? Dim the lights burn candles on your back, yeah Chorus 2X to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ India Album: No Way Out Song: Senorita Typed by: OHHLA.com [singing by India] Sabes bien que fue un enga~o  lo que me hiciste fue un pecado asi mismo me enga~aste		(~ substituted for the spanish n) translation:		You know well it was a lie 			what you did to me was a sin 			that's the way you betrayed me.... Verse One: Puff Daddy Honey I keep you hot and wet, just flooded with ice And you can spend all day and chill, all night Come sleep with the king, peep what I bring Every few weeks it's a bigger size ring Carats ain't nuttin when the cabbage ain't nuttin I got habits like goin to Paris I ain't frontin You can never need for nuttin, only one pipe Would you like to go to dinner, wit Jordan and his wife? Am I moving fast? It could happen real soon Thousand dollar shoes, dance in ballrooms You know the dress, that got the party impressed You'll only wear it one time, cause the world is mine I try to address it, but you never get the message You the water in my life and I'm trapped in the desert I never seen a honey sweeter, won't stop till I get her cause I need her, my senorita Chorus: Puff Daddy (singing) Mami ven aqui, I wanna be your papi chulo can't you see? (mi amor) Baby I need you conmigo Your style is my steelo te necesito aqui (te necesito yo a ti, te amo) 	Baby come to me (2X) Verse Two: Puff Daddy Her name is Carmen, she live down in Spanish Harlem And I think I have the key to her secret garden When I seen her, I used to want to beg her pardon But I was scared, I ain't really have the heart And when she walked by, I would panic, even though I was cool with her pops Lou, the mechanic Went to school with her brother, that's right I never could build up the words to express how I loved her Long hair, pretty face, slim waist The kind that you marry and take to another place	[India sings again] and exchange vows, spend thous Make love in a hot tub, where there's a hot towel She'll be loyal without being spoiled You can shuck all you want but she's still gonna ignore you Makes no sense to say mira Cause bet she won't turn him around, she's my senorita Chorus Verse Three: Puff Daddy I rock regular clothes, as well as Gucci too And if you don't believe me, ask Groovy Loo You're beautiful, so I stay true to you I think you oughta see things like Bermuda boo No cooperation, got me walkin around pacin Patient, waitin for my day of penetration Your relationships is bullshit, your man is a prick with a little bit of bricks and a whip baby Please, I got plenty of V's What you want the pink C-2, or the yellow 3-2-5 That's when I opened my eyes I was dreamin, damn it was all a surprise But it felt real, I hopped up in a wet chill Yet still gotta keep this one concealed Even though I never got a chance to meet her I still need her, cause she's my senorita Chorus *Puffy talking over the chorus* *India sings her part from the beginning again* Chorus *woman singing, man talking* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ 112, Faith Evans Album: No Way Out/Tribute to Notorious B.I.G. EP Song: I'll Be Missing You Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Puff Daddy Every day I wake up I hope I'm dreamin I can't believe this shit Can't believe you ain't here Sometimes it's just hard for a nigga to wake up It's hard to just keep goin It's like I feel empty inside without you bein here I would do anything man, to bring you back I'd give all this shit, shit the whole knot I saw your son today He look just like you You was the greatest You'll always be the greatest I miss you Big Can't wait til that day, when I see your face again I can't wait til that day, when I see your face again... Yeah... this right here (tell me why) Goes out, to everyone, that has lost someone That they truly loved (c'mon, check it out) Verse One: Puff Daddy Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show I laced the track, you locked the flow So far from hangin on the block for dough Notorious, they got to know that Life ain't always what it seem to be (uh-uh) Words can't express what you mean to me Even though you're gone, we still a team Through your family, I'll fulfill your dream (that's right) In the future, can't wait to see If you open up the gates for me Reminisce some time, the night they took my friend (uh-huh) Try to black it out, but it plays again When it's real, feelings hard to conceal Can't imagine all the pain I feel Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath) I know you still living your life, after death  Chorus: Faith Evans Every step I take, every move I make Every single day, every time I pray I'll be missing you Thinkin of the day, when you went away What a life to take, what a bond to break I'll be missing you [Puff] I miss you Big Verse Two: Puff Daddy It's kinda hard with you not around (yeah) Know you in heaven smilin down (eheh) Watchin us while we pray for you Every day we pray for you Til the day we meet again In my heart is where I'll keep you friend Memories give me the strength I need (uh-huh) to proceed Strength I need to believe My thoughts Big I just can't define (can't define) Wish I could turn back the hands of time Us in the 6, shop for new clothes and kicks You and me taking flicks Makin hits, stages they receive you on I still can't believe you're gone (can't believe you're gone) Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath) I know you still living you're life, after death  Chorus [Faith Evans] Somebody tell me why Interlude: Faith Evans On that morning When this life is over I know I'll see your face Outro: 112 Every night I pray, every step I take Every move I make, every single day Every night I pray, every step I take 	[Puff] Every day that passes Every move I make, every single day 	[Puff] Is a day that I get closer 	[Puff] To seeing you again Every night I pray, every step I take 	[Puff] We miss you Big... and we won't stop Every move I make, every single day 	[Puff] Cause we can't stop... that's right Every night I pray, every step I take Every move I make, every single day 	[Puff] We miss you Big *music fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy w/ Mase Album: No Way Out Song: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down Typed by: twc@dnai.com (Puff) Bad Boy... we ain't gon' stop Verse One: Mase Now with Sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax Put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that (that's right) Leave a nigga with a hot hat, fronting like Bad Boy ain't got tracks (nigga stop that) There's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga Nickel-nine nigga, floss you die quicker (uh-huh) This fed time outta town pie flipper Turn Cristal into a Crooked I sipper Everbody want to be fast, see the cash Fuck around they weak staff, get a heat rash Anything in Bad Boy way we smash (we smash) Hundred G stash, push a bulletproof E-Class (ehehe) I'm through with bein a player and a baller Just want me one bad bitch so I can spoil her Mase wanna be the one you respect, even when you're vexed Rock Versace silks over spilled brunette Got green never seen so you suck my jewels Clutch my uz', anything I touch I bruise Puff make his own laws, nigga fuck your rules (that's right) Goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes [Puff] Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge [Puff] We're tryin, not to lose our heads, a-hah hah hah hah Verse Two: Mase Broken glass everywhere *glass shatters* if it ain't about the money, Puff, I just don't care (that's right) I'm that Goodfella fly guy, sometimes wiseguys Spend time in H-A-W-A-I-I (Mase can you please stop smoking lah lah?) Puff why try? I'm a thug, I'ma die high I be out in Jersey, puffin Hershey Brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby Though I'm never drugged, I'm the venom in the club, G Though I know the thug be wantin to slug me (uh-huh) Could it be I move as smoove as Bugsy? (yeah) Or be at the bar with too much bubbly? (c'mon) Yo I think it must be the girls want to lust me Or is it simply the girls just love me Brothers wanna: rock the Rolls, rock my clothes Rock my ice, pull out Glocks, stop my life (uhh) I'm like, "Damn, how these niggaz got they trust? Used to be my man, how you gonna plot on my wife?" Do you think you snake me, cause they hate me? Or he got his Ph.D; Player Hater's Degree? (Ahaha!) Chorus: Mase, Puff Daddy [Mase] Can't nobody take my pride [Puff] Uh-uh, uh-uh [Mase] Can't nobody hold me down... ohh no [Mase] I got to keep on movin Verse Three: Mase Quit that! (uh-huh) You a big cat? (yeah) Where your chicks at? (yeah) Where your whips at? (where dey at?) Wherever you get stacks, I'ma fix that Everything that's big dreams, I did that (that's right) Don't knock me cause you're boring I'm record sales soaring (*whistling*) straight touring Simply a lot of men be wantin to hear me cause their words just don't offend me (uh-uh, uh-uh) We spend cheese, in the West Indies Then come home to plenty cream Bentleys (ahehe) You name it, I could claim it Young, black, and famous, with money hangin out the anus And when you need a hit, who you go and get? (who?) Bet against us? (Not a sure bet) We make hits that'll rearrange your whole set (that's right) and got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet [Mase] Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge [Mase] We're tryin, not to, lose our heads, a-hah-hah-hah-hah [Mase] I get the feeling sometime, that make me wonder [Mase] Why you wanna take us under [Puff] Why you wanna take us under 	(repeat 2X) Chorus: repeat to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim Album: Forever Song: What You Want Typed by: Rghryder00@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Intro] Ladies and gentlemen  We are gathered here today To join I see it, yeah Yeah, yeah I like this right here Yeah, yeah One-Two, One-Two, in the place to be As you can see I am the crush groovin'  There's a whole lot of stars be groovin' in here tonight  The record breaking and the record making Yeah, yeah, turn this up From the states to over seas Every city in between I hit the scene  Catch fire like kerosene Geting paid for more then a decade We been blazing, y'all wasn't ready for the PD invasion Caught you off guard, got bitches, got cars Healin' war scars, puff smoke out of the jar Catch flights to and fro, nigga who you know? No one important, just another nigga flossing Gotta seal, what I'm touching is real You just a clone wit' a production deal I sailed the seven seas and kept my head above the water Sorry I left you, but now I am back for ya But it's like we never bounced, platinum from word of mouth Hottest niggas out Alot better, the shit's too strong I'm home now, daddy's been gone too long 1 - 	[Lil' Kim] 	What you niggas want 	Wanna talk slick  	Wanna do shit, try shit, new shit 	Who you fucking wit' 	You and your weak clique 	Bitch you creep wit' got you in some deep shit 	You coppin' pleas now, it ain't a secret 	Trying to be niggas you can't even speak with 	You can't run, you can't hide 	Bad Boy 'till the day we die Tell they all like Jordan in the fall On top of the hill like Lauren, Killing 'Em Soft' What you grillin' me for? Kept my name good, we from the same hood Made some change, put the range wit' the stained wood Now chicks, they keep they eyes on me Wanna grind on me Haters plotting so I keep my nine on me You can't stop 'em when them shells is popping Look good to the public eye, your streets is watching At all times, put it all on the line  Without a care dreams of cream turn to nightmares No one to talk to, don't know who to trust Got your gun out and don't know who to bust It get like that though, when you stack that dough Can't run from it yo, that's when they get close So put up you guards, keep faith in God I promise y'all the world'll be ours Repeat 1 Your games amaze, but alot of ways, many choices Can't sleep, when I do I hear voices Speakin' loud and clear, wait 'till you come out this year So I listen back cause the street is missing that What a world we live in So cold I'm shivering, slipping Gotta work with what I'm given, shit Bitches is trifling, hands out grabbin' Niggas hating, scheming and back stabbin' That's why they hang around you, just to be seen Type to leave a gun fight wit' a full magazine No blood, not hit, chamber ain't warm What part of the game is this? And who's side you on? Can't be out for wealth and out for self, won't work Find yourself tucked and surrounded by dirt In a verse I show the whole earth my work  It got to get better because it can't get no worse Repeat 1 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Kelly Price, Mase Album: Forever Song: I'll Do This for You Typed by: Jay-Z@coolmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] (Mase) |Kelly| Yeah, we up now, yeah (Uh c'mon) Yeah, we up now (Uh, uh c'mon) We up now |Baby, I like it| Yeah, yeah (Uh, uh c'mon) (Uh uh c'mon) |I like it babe| (Uh uh c'mon) (C'mon c'mon c'mon) They're back [Puffy] Yo, now nobody party like we party You wouldn't know 'till you cats see me party I hardly sip bacardi So your clique think a nigga to pretty to sip a mixed drink (uh uh) But chicks think when they see I be a V.I.P. D-I-double D-Y  Be the cat that kick back, bring all the stars out Same cat you know bring all the cars out (yep yep) All our street cats buy all the bars out (yep yep) Don't know whatch'all 'bout but I'm livin' it up Ten mill' yeah, I'm bigger than what So you know on the low when I blow, niggas givin' it up (they got to) They know why everything I touch is so fly Mult-I so I stay swimmin' in cho-chi  All day the niggas from New York to Norway My name hold more weight than Broadway  1 - 	[Kelly Price] 	You like the way I do the things I do 	It's all for you	 	No way to fill my shoes 	Cuz all I do, I do for you The more cheddar, the more better  Ever since I was young I was a go-getter And you should know better to call Puff the coketeller Knowin' I'm a Hummer wholesaler And you should know this I'm a poet, got money won't show it I'm like Russell plus I got the right hussle Talk slick, I might bust you Watch your manners, I be on the cameras I be the next cat down in Atlantis Or Pacific to be specific, lifestyle too terrific Hop in the van shop when we land Don't worry bout the pilot chattin' in the Chopper's my man I ain't only from Harlem, I'm from the Heartland When I got problems I send in a dark van Cats in the street treat me like a mob man Been number one so much, call me Mr. Chart Man  Repeat 1 Yo, I tried to hold back, I can't hold back Y'all could be all that, I want it all back I sat back, let niggas get they dough I played the cut and let niggas rip they show Sip they mo', watch niggas pop they Cris' Cop they whip, brag about they watch and shit But watch this shit, I'mma put a stop to this I got to flip, the v's niggas pop the shit, come on And I been copped the six, been droppin' hits Been rock my wrist, and flood my dial These haters be hatin, but love my style And ladies go crazy, they love my smile P. Diddy the man push Bentley Sedan, nigga Get money, that's simply the plan True Chocolate Mack who's pocket's fat  You wanna rock nigga, rock to that with Bad Boy Repeat 1 while: [Mase] (Puffy) Yep yep, All Out Yep yep, H World Yep yep, Bad Boy Yep yep, wanna blow Yep yep, I'm a problem Yep yep, can I be Yep yep, Crime Fam' Yep yep, suga suga Uh uh uh Uh uh uh Uh uh uh Uh uh, uh uh (Yeah, we up now) Uh uh uh uh uh (yeah, yeah, true that) Uh uh uh uh uh All Out, we back we back (We gon' see what you could do now cuz we up now) Yeah Baby Stase, Blinky Blink (It's our time, come on, come on, come on, come on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Jay-Z Album: Forever Song: Do You Like It, Do You Want It Typed by: Delph226@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Jay-Z] Picture me ballin' in the drop top, open skies In something foreign, soarin', 145 The God is calling for my body, let my spirit fly I want it all, no lie Picture me pourin' poppin' something imported Pedal flooring, clutch poppin', boppin' to Lauryn Now picture me falling [Puffy] Never seen, never heard, never happened, never occurred Now picture me flying 10,000 feet above the sea Popping bubbly, you'd love to be me Now picture the servants in the cabin with the sweetest massage Picture having ice and only wanna speak to God Picture your dreams being shattered and your cream being lavished At the same time, tell me what you think matters Picture all the money that I've gotten off tours Now picture me plotting for more, picture this nigga 1 - 	[Both] 	Do you like it (yeah) 	Wanna do the things that I do 	Tell me do you want it (yeah) 	Wanna know what it's like in my shoes 	Do you need it (yeah) 	Wanna see the things that I see 	Tell me do you want it (yeah) 	Wanna know what it's like to be me [Puffy] Picture me wildin', fiendin', reaching for tools Straight flipping, losing my cool Now picture me gritty, P. Diddy 'bout to run in your house The gun's with me, put one in your mouth Now picture me dressed in white linen while your life is ending Slightly grinning, picture that priceless image Picture me broke as fuck on your block about to open up Like Okay nigga, what's up [Jay-Z] Picture me driving a course through your home, bustin' a "U" Screaming at the top of my lungs "YOU FUCKING WITH WHO?" Picture me not being that hustler dude Picture the Benz, a 5, and the drop not new Picture the watch ain't platinum, and the rock's not blue Picture y'all niggaz not knowing how I do Picture me, better yet picture you Painting a better picture than the one that I drew Repeat 1 [Puffy] Where do you go from here when you felt you've done it all When what used to get you high don't get you high no more When you got a lot of cars, don't even drive no more When you're expected to win, they ain't surprised no more [Jay-Z] Hold up, stop, wait, reverse the tape How much money can one nigga make in one place How much dough could you hold in one safe How many hoes can a nigga really chase [Puffy] Where do you go after the applause After all the Soul Train and Grammy awards, after the tours After asking these whores what they after me for Is it the money? The fame? The house, take it all [Jay-Z] The sky's the limit, but I ain't done jumping Money is fast, but I ain't done running Picture me driving some wack shit Picture me folding under pressure, picture that shit Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ R. Kelly Album: Forever Song: Satisfy You Typed by: Lilmidget1@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] All I want is somebody who's gonna love me for me Somebody I can love for them All this money don't mean shit  If you ain't got nobody to share it with Love rules the world, you feel me 1 - 	[R. Kelly] 	He don't understand you like I do 	No he'll never make love to you like I do 	So give it to me 	Cause I can show you 'bout a real love 	And I can promise anything that I do 	Is just to satisfy you [Puffy] When it hurt I ease the pain girl, caress your frame Get them worries off your brain girl, I'm in your corner Do what you want, it's your thing girl, I persist and try but We one in the same girl, it ain't a game So I can't play with you, I wanna lay with you Stay with you, pray with you, grow old and gray with you In good and bad times, we'll always make it through Cause what we got is true, no matter what they say to you I could straight lace you, not just appearance Stimulate your mind, strengthen your spirits Be that voice of reason when you ain't tryna hear it You want it but you fear it, but you love it when you near it Sit her on the sofa, get a little closer Touch you right, do it like a man's suppose to Knew you was the one, that's why I chose you Cause you get down for yours and ride like a soldier Repeat 1 Your soul ain't a toy, you ain't dealin' with a boy Feel emptiness inside? I can fill that void When you spend time with your woman and listen It shines more than any bagguette diamond can glisten I can't impress you with the cars and the wealth Cause any woman with will and drive can get it herself I'd rather show you it's heartfelt, make your heart melt And prove to you you're more important than anything else Worthwhile, special like my first child When I see your face it's always like the first time Our eyes met, I knew we'd be together in a tri-jet I wanna give you things that I didn't buy yet Hold you, mold you, don't know, let me show you Ain't no tellin' what we could grow to Let it be known, I told you And I'mma be there for whatever you go through, my love's true Repeat 1 [R. Kelly] Don't let him sing you a sad song (No baby) Waiting for love like this too long (You don't have to wait, you don't have to wait on him, baby) All that you need I can give you (You don't have to wait, you don't have to wait on) I do, satisfy you (You don't have to wait on him) [Puffy]  I'm the light when you can't see I'm that air when you can't breathe I'm that feeling when you can't leave Some doubt, some believe, some lie, cheat, and deceive So it's only you and me When you weak, I'll make you strong, here's where you belong I ain't perfect, but I promise I won't do you wrong Keep you away from harm, my love is protected I'll wrap you in my arms so you'll never feel neglected  I'll just make you aware of what we have is rare In the moment of despair, I'm the courage when you're scared Loyal, down for you, soon as I saw you Wanted to be there cause I could hold it down for you Be around for you, plant seeds in the soil Make love all night, bending bed coils You're a queen, therefore I treat you royal This is all for you, cause I simply adore you Repeat 1 until fade [Puff] This one right here goes out to all my sisters The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Twista Album: Forever Song: Is This the End? (Part Two) Typed by: aerohustle@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Cheri] This is a story about two riders One's from Chicago  And the other is from New York [Twista] Now nigga what? You thinkin' there be no repentance? But I'm coming back with a vengence Runnin' like a ant since it was intense Thought it was the end Wish every motherfucker's in like sentence  Where they been since? Let me not go deep in the story But damn it, I feel the fury when I'm rapping Got me going off in the zone Hit eleven niggas and bitches at home Hear the drama how it happen Back for one minute You remember I was grazed in the shoulder When I plays the beholder  Hit the land like a crusier  But in the Range with the Rov' Still it feelin' strange to a soldier Me and Puff trapped in the parking lot I done found the keys so let's crawl on the floor Got up beside the ride but we still trapped But I found my strap, I gotta bust that hoe P., you gotta drive, problem at the angle of the ride Blast when you crash through the exit We still alive but the opposition gotta die When they go then it's on to the next shit When the car screeched off, I blast my heat off Thus crackin' our winshield  That stud shoulda been killed Kept shootin' 'till I seen his bloody body do a windmill  Started catchin' convulsions that we frozen  Ain't nobody here to hold it Feelin the escape was kinda golden Now we dozin' More niggas have rolled in  They started comin' at us with high-tech shit  It's only so much one mac can do  But you know what we got to do  Don't get in the wind  Is it the end or chapter 2  They coming after you 1 - 	[Cheri]  	Living my life on the run 	With these niggas coming after me 	Is this the way that it has to be 	I can't tell these dreams from reality  	Now I'm not afraid to die  	So it really don't matter to me 	It just might be my destiny  	I hope you niggas is ready for me [Puffy] Yeah, yeah Saw my whole empire crumble into pieces  As the trouble increases Escape is the thesis when the car speed releases  I'm on the run like Jesus The first chapter was sadness but this one is madness  Killers on our asses, plus I'm in 'suit, winney badges Red and blue light flashing Now, let's see who's the fastest  Slide through the street like a real C Hit the curb swervin', but I'm still swift Damn it, ain't no brakes  I feel like a enemy of the state We on the run like Will Smith Pumpin' some real shit  Since the car won't slow down  I had to crash through a window Level shook but now we on foot with the showdown Didn't know what we was in for Somehow, someway we gotta get the ammunition for the gun play Now I hear some bullets ricochet, motherfucker's got to get away T., let's go this a-way through the ally Where these niggas can't score me  And max me a building attack me Headin' straight for Kennedy, they can't catch me  There 20 minutes exactly Get tickets at the first airline, first flight out  Get set for the hardcore, could you tell where the sky phone Me and T. on the plane on our way to Chicago  When we landed in O'Hare A cop yelled out "Freeze, we sent here to capture you" Nigga, you know what we got to do  Tell me, is this the end or chapter 2 They comin' after you Repeat 1 [Twista] People better get goin' for the big clone Leave our shit blown Coming at us with a C gun, gotta get calm  Then I pick up on the jet phone  So I could see if my bitch home (hello) Hope the cop that drop them and took a strap then split Simply, but we acted quick  Damn, there was a glock  Then we dipped up in the parkin' lot  We saw one Jag' at the Jack-O-V When we got up on the highway, too smooth  Run away to the hood and we workin' with some new rules  Can't be one who loose Go to the hideout, make a call for some new tools And I'm feelin' these fools, we got beef who can die That want a piece of the pie  But now we got his keys to the shop And niggas gotta live slow 'till at lesat if they try  [Puffy] Now we can flip my bitch named Angela She my weed and my wipe and handler Branding her with a tattoo with my name on it Make her feel like I'm the man for her  But she lookin' suspicious And somebody at the front door  Now she looking scared  Soon as I let out the air saying my bitch  Angie up and shot T. in the leg [Twista] Should go through the back door Feelin' torture and pain  I heard shots in the front Oh we about to die  Straight Kamakozi and ride There are two things from the start You wanna go to war, I'll take you to war  I can't make it that easy to ride for me And when I saw the enemy, I let it ride Tell me, is this the end or chapter 3? They comin' after me Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Carl Thomas Album: Forever Song: I Hear Voices Typed by: Rghryder00@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] Sometimes I don't think you motherfuckers  Understand where I'm coming from Where I'm tryin' to get to Sometimes I hear voices I can't see it, can you see it? Turn the lights on Check this out Make money's the motto, staying desparados New chance of hitting the lotto Let's take it to the neck wit this bottle Get in the Eldorado And break from this bitch at full throttle You like fuckin' fashion models?  That only waddle with cats that flash stacks Or squabble with niggas that flash gats Then squirt hot pellets out their nozzles And leave a nigga hurting on the block  Sounding like when you gargle Them hero niggas that plot Them zero niggas get got  And never get a chance to bust shot Curled up in a knot then forgot on the spot Then I'm on the run wit a gun smoking hot All around the world's where I go Places that only I know Goodfella not gunshotto And I'm tellin' niggas, make money's the motto Fuck the niggas that squable  And I hit them back and fourteen hollow, take that 1 -	[Carl Thomas] 	I hear voices inside 	And I see crime, don't die 	And I need changes  	Oh, please, please, please 	Don't go Don't go Above while: [Puffy] I'm just trying to get my money, right Don't fuck wit my money I won't fuck wit your money If you fuck with my money I make you like one of them presidents Feel me? Representing my money for the love of my money I leave a man stiffer than the mummy Now don't miss it, if I catch them coming for me  When I try to tell a dummy You took it like I was saying something funny Took it like my word wasn't shit, like I wasn't legit'  What occurs is gonna be hard to forget  That's something I'll never permit When I feel my eye twitch things happen  And my voice start speaking a diffrent pitch Trying to keep things low-low They don't really know, though Bad Boy the motherfuckin' logo Stay on your toes  They shouldn't get it mistaken Hope they don't think I'm faking Mess around and get thier life taken and shaken You know the rule of thumb be  Don't try to take nothing from me I rule it wit a street stay slummy Make money's the motto, fuck the niggas that squabble I know I might be hard for you to swallow Ya feel me? Repeat 1 while: [Puffy] Sometimes I just feel like y'all don't understand Where I'm coming from, where I'm trying to get to Shit is really deep, my shit is deep They don't have a direct understanding of me Fuck what they planning for me I just won't accept the bullshit that they handing me Still standing after the trouble remains, it's me If you trying to make it clear and explaining to me And all that negative shit pertaining to me What ya think I claiming to be A straight heart staying with me  I can tell it's about to go down I told them, slow down before I send the low down And skip out of town And I don't wanna but I'll do it if I gotta The situation is serious and getting hotter You know what they say about those that slow on the trigger Less then a second too late and you one dead nigga So I take aim and I squeaze and deliver Like I told them, just to let him know 'til' he figures out  It's make money's the motto Something ya'll should follow And I don't got no time for the squabble Ya feel me? Repeat 1 until fade while: [Puffy] Sometimes you just get tired of shit Sometimes you just get fed up Don't hate me, hate yourself, motherfuckers Don't hate me, hate yourself Cause I ain't never gonna stop I ain't never gonna stop I'll make you feel me forever And ever and ever and ever That's just the way it is That's just the way it's gonna be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Redman Album: Forever Song: Fake Thugs Dedication Typed by: Jay-Z@coolmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] Aiyyo One two, one two One two, one two This one right here Goes out to all the fake thugs out there Yeah, yeah uh huh Yo, when you say you thuggin', it doesn't matter It goes into my mind as just chit-chatter You may say I have a ego, or just merry free But none of that tough talk I take seriously It goes in one ear and right out the other Heard that fake thug shit? brotha I don't mean to brag, never never hate You ain't got the bank that it takes to stop this Ha, ha, ha, ha sucker, you missed I put feelings aside, you know who I am P-U-2-F, keys to the U.S. And I hate when one attempts to analyze Franchise, get your hands tied  Thrown over a boat, don't know what you was thinking That dream is over, your body sinking [Redman]  Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, fucka You thugs out there who don't got a clue (You have Brooklyn, ain't shoot the shit out) Yo, fuck you, you and you, fuck you and you (You have Jersey, ain't shoot the shit out) Hey yo bitch, you know what I want when I bring my crew (We go Uptown and shoot the shit out) Yo, we want hardcore, smash the walls  I stack, bring it back for y'all With 40 nigga's after y'all [Puffy] We got it ziplocked (that's right) Everybody hit the floor when the shit drop Shit knocked, bitch stop (bitch, stop) We roll, we ball, we all night long We don't stop, nigga's thought the heat was gone But I'm back to do it again, leader of rhyme BAD BOY, we turn it to the scene of the crime Immaculate fame, you can have that shit I just wanna 'gaitor slide with the baddest bitch Models and actresses that swallow bottles That magnum shit  Get nice as fuck, leave when the lights is up Tear it down when the mics is up Lately they say Diddy's gettin' nice as hell  Shit, if I don't write it I recite it well Locked the flow so tight you gotta know I'mma tumble 'fore they rock my dough Motherfuckers [Redman]  Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, fucka You thugs out there, you don't got a clue (You have Boogie Down, don't shoot the shit out) Yo, fuck you, you and you, fuck you and you (You got Shaolin, don't shoot the shit out) Hey yo bitch, you know what I want when I bring my crew (You have QB, don't shoot the shit out) Yo, you want hardcore, smash the walls  I stack, bring it back for y'all With 40 nigga's after y'all [Puffy] Aiyyo ladies, get up Bounce your tits up Be happy Brooklyn ain't shoot this shit up Cause I see some ladies tonight  That I could give a condom or 3 babies tonight You might catch a flight if you playing me right But if you whack there you gettin cab fare Yo, I'm all for drama, a little clap clap there I mean I ain't Ghandi of this whole rap gear But you see honey that I'm rappin with there? All I need is a minute to get her back to the Leer Back where it is, less traffic there Where Cease is with a few of his pieces That's how we is, we slide and divide If she ain't with it, I-95 Hit the road tramp, and don't you come back no more  No more, no more, no more [Redman]  Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, fucka You thugs out there, you don't got a clue (You got Def Squad, don't shoot the shit out) Yo, fuck you, you and you, fuck you and you (You got Bad Boy, don't shoot the shit out) Hey yo bitch, you know what I want when I bring my crew (We go Brick City, don't shoot the shit out) Yo, you want hardcore, smash the walls  I stack, bring it back for y'all With 40 nigga's after y'all Repeat chorus until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Bizzy Bone Album: Forever Song: Angels With Dirty Faces Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com  [Bizzy Bone] Let it go (Let this angel life go) Let yourself go (Time is passin' 'til the cops come) Big beef, big beefin' with the Mistress (On and on and on and on and on and on and) Over the backs of the lines as we growl, mutherfucker We are livin' in the last motherfuckin' days This is Revelations If it don't go down now  That mean aye'body was wrong Can you face yourself with that question? Or the answer? What the fuck do you believe in? Say goodbye to the bad guy 'Zy rollin' with my cateye, deadeye Ain't afraid to flame a rat up But I hot out fathom My album hit the shelves We hustle for record sales Hit my liquor store Let my niggas learn about in jail Till the squad cars accel', it's to my position as we yell This here's some bullshit like pit bulls in the bull pen Make that a fine, no If you don't like my bullets, to hell if he ain't fashion L.A. looters, throw your mask on Gambini got his mash on and now we gonna be blastin' [Puffy] I'm married to the game and every year's the same Bullets rain all season Heaven and Hell is only what you believe in Empty the shells if niggas give you the reason Never was the type to be stuck and duckin' and weavin By the grievin' My story's no fairy tale, reach niggas in every cell From my block to the world, gave the glock to my girl Don't mix the kids with the biz' Baby, the industry's hell worth it 1 - 	Oh, I said, oh yeah 	When they come to lock you down 	(Don't let it come our way)  	Oh I said, oh yeah 	When they come to lock you down 	(Don't let it come our way)  	Oh I said, oh yeah 	When they come to lock you down 	(Don't let it come our way)  	Oh I said, oh yeah 	When they come to lock you down 	(Don't let it come our way) [Puffy] Look in they grill and get the real Cuz expressions can mean alot  Threw my trust in your progress  And you guessin' I seen alot The paper got us dressin' and impressin' We spend alot Confessions get us blessings from the Lord We sin a lot Wonder will He let me in? And not constantly tryin' to find a reason why Because I'm a Bad Boy they wanna label me a bad guy Now who am I? [Bizzy Bone] It's P. Diddy muthafucka [Puffy] Do or die? [Bizzy Bone] Don't give a fuck motherfucker Roll through, trust no chicken Tigh kids are tellin' me what's ammunition  Buck, buck ammunition baby You let me slow down, the guy that got me's fell down And mami wants to help out So bought the best computer Yes, stress never more Fresh out the foster home If I had a just talked to the psychiatrist Tell her 'bout how she had clothes designers Can she come buy with me? Come ride with me, provide me with a gun Slide the weeded road, come get high with me You don't come weed with me anymore You don't need me anymore Believe me bitch, shit I've slept on the floor  Who been left before a black out Tear up the stackhouse Comin' out detention or they always rat (Come on) (Pick it up, ride through) Repeat 1 Insidious, hiddious, gritty cuz she that gets in the club Smack the prettiest in a mini Whittiest beefin' with the mistress Can see they just beatin' up Got even the little kids pickin' up pennies and nickles Cuz they're fallin' in love with his teddy book Give them livin' and pinning a minimum worth a penny (Gotta be spendin') We all earn our dollar 'till it is the sour element What kinda knowledge is this that I be reapin' Dippin and talking' how it's for money And ending up going back We made like forty one trips Yeah, we want it like that, you know what I bring [Puffy] Yeah, yeah, yeah See what you niggas do to me, I do to you And if I'm who you came to see, then do what you gotta do We can do it anywhere, right here, right there And if you sleep, turn your dream to a nightmare Niggas don't creep, no sleep, feel the heat They lookin at me funny, fuck a hoe, get this money No time for the misfits niggas, bring your clips War's on my mind Packin' bullets from the mines, mutha fucka's Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Mark Curry Album: Forvever Song: Gangsta Shit Typed By: devoncohen@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Intro] You're all a bunch of fuckin' assholes You know why? You don't have the guts to be what you wanna be You need people like me You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers And say "That's the bad guy" So say good night to the bad guy Go on Last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again [Puff]	To be or not to be [Mase]	My mother's wrong [Puff]	That's the question, you feel me? [Mase]	My father was wrong [Puff]	They say I'm wrong 	So they say [Mase]	So they say [Puff]	Ha ha, come on 	It's like this right here [Mase]	To all my niggas, check this out 1 - 	[Lil' Kim] 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit 	It's that, gangsta gangsta, gangsta shit [Puffy] Ain't another crew like us That could do like us See the world from a view like us Still always come through like us They ain't true like us If they only knew like us It's less than a small few like us And they ain't pay dues like us Never on P's and Q's like us They don't move like us They don't have the right to choose like us Or get mad cause they ain't grew like us They ain't on cue like us They don't fit the shoe like us Don't know who's who like us (who dat?) Strangers, ain't aware of the danger They head's up wit thoroughbred cats That knock 'em back, they get the axe And a hard case to crack I'm a hard face to track Fast as they can test us We flip 'em on they backs, like that The many men that make us great must stay together Cause together, we're hard to break Repeat 1 [Mark Curry] Look out mutha fucka I tried to warn 'em You don't wanna double cross us Haven't you heard how many guy they lost with us You don't wanna floss with us Cause shit cost with us Ain't nobody boss but us We got force wit us, of course it's us It's no being better off than us And ain't a hotter source than us And these streets ain't divorcing us We ain't got no remorse in us Know to hold your horse with us No cuttin' shorts with us Here to stay, no abortin us, no extortin' us Between us we got the mic domain and artillery Therefore, it's all free reign, who's domain When shots ring, who remains, they refrain Who walks away with the gain Us Thorough niggas that's hard to top Together we're too hard to stop Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Ain't a bitch like me that can spit like me Who could say they rich like me They don't hold the four fifth like me Ain't a hit like me Nobody load the clip like me Cut coke and flip like me Make hit after hit like me Wear the title Queen Bitch like me Ya'll ain't good in bed like me And ya'll don't give head like me Plus your crew don't break bread like me Think about it, this a one shot deal Ya'll got one shot still When my gunshot peel, that's a one shot kill I'm so far ahead ya'll can't touch my land spread Cause most of ya'll is misled and underfed Hey, what can I say, I'm a little vain Now all aboard if you ridin' my train Choo chooo, throw it up and represent your gang Whether you from the east side (East side) Or the west side (West Side) Worldwide Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ G-Dep Album: Forever Song: Pain * Typed by: NasOnTour@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com * different from the song of the same title on _No Way Out_ [Puff Daddy In Child's Voice] Uncle Puffy? Can you read us a bedtime story, please? Huh? Please? [Puff Daddy] Alright check this out right here Woke up smoked up, broked up What I had left and rolled up, lit it Had a shorty that I brought home, hit it Sent her on her way, I got no time today (Yo, I'mma call you next week, aight?) With all this work I got no time to play (OK) Cash come and go, and I want mine to stay Alot of these fake cats won't mind the day I get an unfair play, then the stairway That's why I'm like TWA, the airway Niggas wantin' to believe what they heard through hear-say Hopin', but forget it Check the mail, it's a letter from jail, from Hoboken I open and I read it, it said [G-Dep] What da deal son? It's ya nigga Teals in the field, and it's real son I'mma have to steal one Caught up on the run with a gun Can't walk with it down then you can't conceal one What to do? I dont' know if ya knew, that kid, True? Up in 1-2-2, he plottin' to get you I hear he's due You just do what need doin' Let's not forget these niggas could bleed too , one [Puffy] OK, good Those cats don't keep it real as they should Heard they don't pay good Stand around all day wishin' they could But this green fufills they dreams They ain't a team Answering machine on screen Phone rings, it was Arlene from Queens Head was mean, had a head for schemes Told her she get head to see me But she play her hand proper, nothin' can stop her [Female] Hey yo, what up Playboy? I'm out in Saint Croix With sun cats that say they real But they toys I heard ya doin' it though And you in the flow Some niggas wanna ruin ya show? What up, yo? Whathchu want a rich shot up on his block? Or I could leave him in his bed dead, with his dick robbed [Puffy] Na Boo, I'mma show you how I do Just hit me when you get up top  But come on through (Aight) Now I'm doin' inventory Guns, clips, vest, bullets So when I pull it, it's the end of story Leadin' my men to glory Then get shorty to hold a pound for me I know she down for me Yeah, sneak up on 'em like a car thief These niggas mad cause it's my party And my Benz is wide-bodied Despise me, like the feds despise Ghotti That I kill for a hobby and lay in your lobby So try me, go 'head and take a bite Might as well say good night Try to put me in the dark, I don't take it light Now if it's wrong, make it right Not tommorow, tonight They barkin', I know the bite Jumped in the B-N-Z Niggas gonna see the E-N-D fuckin' with me See, I knew he was a snake out the ground Make me wanna call my man rock and break out the hounds Take it to the pier where you can't make out the sounds Thoughts in my head goin' 'round, it's goin' down Pull up to his block, I'mma put it to his knock But, I don't see him, wouldn't wanna be in town Ride around for a minute Thinkin' 'bout the pain that Hell brings Interrupted by a cell ring Yeah yeah [Female]	Hey Boo come and get me, I'm here [Puffy]		Where? [Female]	Teterboro Give me a few It was like I flew But it felt kinda strange, it was like I knew Pulled up around 2, late like I do With the urge to bug  She gave me a nervous hug And when I heard the slugs What I saw in the blur was thugs Tryin' to soak my fur with blood Dropped to the curb and ducked Pulled out the fifth, duck behind a car  Like "How I'm gon' get out this shit?" These niggas don't know what they about to get A one way ticket to Hell in my gun jail Bust my gun at three and one fell The other two, waitin' to see what I'mma do [G-Dep] Hope you brought your arms Cuz you're gonna need 'em to hold me [Puffy] Peeped around the car slowly Then I let 'em have the whole wheat Man there's six million ways to die And you chose me, but I'm an OG And in the distance is police I'm still bustin', tryin' to kill something And I can't hide the fact that I peeled something I feel this thing, like in a minute I won't feel a thing The two cats jumped in the blue Ac' I fired one shot, they fired two back They murked off in the night I get them fools back, man they ain't seen the last of me But I'm bleeding rapidly Shot up in the stomach and that wasn't how it had to be Heartbeat failin', car alarm wailin' Couldn't walk straight then the firearm failed Now I'm thinkin' how this bitch played me Then I faded The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Busta Rhymes, Cee-Lo, G-Dep, Redman, Sauce Money, Shyne Album: Forever Song: Reverse Typed by: mdwtjw@pacbell.net, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] I'll never stop I don't give a fuck If it's me against a million billion of ya'll mother fuckers I will never stop I bust six out the roof of my Bentley Coup Head shots so mother fuckers can't regroup, can't recoup I'll be damned if you get more points than me Sell more joints than me Steal your faith, take a puff, inhale my name Smoke on it, shit, choke on it Bitch nigga, I'mma make a hit nigga Hot mother fucker down to the skit nigga Game over playa, and nigga ya scored low Hit me later young, and I'm at the award show Bank account ten digits and it's all "O's" I floss the most shit, fuck the most hoes Come on, you can even ask Don Juan It's official now, they all rock Sean John Might have to change my name to strong arm You came to get money man? That shit been long gone, come on [Shyne] Have much to do with nigga since Nicolas Bond Poppin' and choppin' until the day that I'm gone Shyne poor, cuz your dream come from one bottle Prominent premier, premium bravo Watch him explain ain't nothin' but blood thug crime though Shots in the spinal, from my rivals  Cross the t's and dot the i's and Pay the judge, drop the top we'll mess around Shit, it's the kid rapper's feelin' You cowards don't know? I'd rather be racketeerin' somewhere  Bustin' shots in the atmosphere and Not caring, fuckin' the proscecutor at my hearin' Money laundering, honies wondering Who me? I reply casually Come what God would be if He was a straight G Tonight too tight out of a big ditch we ride [Redman] Yo yo yo, it's your hide Grab the rope and yell rawhide Front line is pussy, call off sides I'm focus but my hand is cross-eyed I left my gun home, here borrow mine Pop the nine like a judge "All rise" This gun'll knock plants off tall guys We value-packs, y'all small fries (Yo, I'm from the projects) Yo, but on the floor tied Don't matter, we'll take up all size Truly yours doc, then PPP hide, my name is  Since five, I talk jive In church dressed in cordoroy ties Now I'm grown up and been married four times Besides, I'm just a sight for soar eyes Brick city, known pop the door wide Stolen Bonneville in New York High [G-Dep] Reversin' the plot Last come, first one to rot, first in the glot If I miss, circlin' the block, servin' the pot And I be the person to watch If your girl missin' the rock, purse and a watch  Hot as it gets, from Hell came outta you debts Buy the cassette, rewind it to death Alota y'all sweat it, you try to forget How I rock shit from N.Y. to Tibet You got it to bet? That's just how you got into debt You lost when you nodded your neck Through the vest, through the chest that you tried to protect Take the voice that you try to project, check Darin' you to kid, cat shootin' sperm in you wiz I'm why you smell herb in the crib Man I'm out for doubtful, shit I spit a mouthful Indo out-do, intro to outro [Sauce Money] I'm the hottest thing spittin' so go warn your clique Them niggas y'all look up to is on my dick Sauce motherfuckin' born to hit I get so far up in your ass, think I was on some shit Look, you against me is really nothin' to see Who, when, where, what it's gon' be I don't give a fuck if it's he or she I'm the virgin of hip hop Nobody fuckin' with me I know your type, you a ride dick nigga Cry sick nigga, lied quick nigga Out of turn speakin', first one leakin' Always the Suzuki side kick nigga Bitches don't cast stones down, they throw bricks Why I come through and tell 'em to blow dick These nigga's the nicest? No, go fish Sauce, you da best motherfucker, no shit [Cee-Lo] You're treated and competed, walk away from it undefeated Observe it from over there, ok  Ain't It obvious we overheated You talkin' that slick shit  But I jus' know that you meant me  But evidently, you don't know I get your ass gone permanently It ain't complex I'll just bang holes or you're ablin' to ask who next Do a drive-by on your project, take the traps Come on and get some of our gun craps I'll straighten out the nigga now When I snap, make your chest cavity collapse When I glide the entire map With the frequent four alarm fire, rap straight up Put weight down, fuck around, you ate up And nigga when I eat, I mean I lick the whole plate up Look in my eyes, I'm not scared Sucka, you heard what I said If you don't wanna get dead No it ain't no cure, ice cold in the low, the go-rilla The mo' scrilla the more real-la, I live to rule [Busta] Don't hold me back, you bet How many nigga's think they fuckin' with mines A nigga God blessed with such an undeniable shine I hope you know there's nothin' fresher The manifester apply the pressure Tie you up and gag you in your mouth with a piece of polyester Now fix your fuckin' face up Empty the chest of drawers before I stretch your jaw Everybody hit the fuckin' floor Only the real mother fuckers belong I hope nigga's don't end the party before we finish the song (Bitch nigga) You be the last to come and harrass, reflect on the past When I used to pull spine outcho ass Live nigga's go stack money, continue to bill shit Long as I'm in this fucker I'm determined to kill shit Zap nigga's like cellular flips and swell up your lips Fuck with so much dick in their ass it's shrinkin' her hen house Hey yo, before you empty your clip and pull at your trigger Salute the legacy of these throroughly recognized niggas The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Forever Song: Real Niggas Typed by: Rghryder00@aol.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] I'm not wit none of that  Standin' around lookin' cool and shit I want you motherfuckers to jump the fuck up And have some motherfuckin' fun You understand what it means to be black? I have my man the Notorious B.I.G in the back I go by the name of the Puff Daddy But check this shit out  Four, five As we procced to give you what you need [Notorious B.I.G] Sick of momma screamin' that "Get a job, nigga" Pressed to the limit, gotta rob me a nigga Simple and plain, my man scooped me in the hoop Whispered in his ear, this is what we gotta do G Got to bang a nigga and bang a nigga good So I could cop a Benz and drive the fuck out the hood Cause baby mama screamin', your daughter twelve months Can't live life slingin' rocks and smokin' blunts Hangin' with the nigga's don't pay the bills And bein' broke at 30 give a nigga the chills So what we gotta do is creep and see a sweet vic Yo, you see that shit? (Hell yeah, I see that shit) Columbian, Dominican, yeah whatever Whoever he was, he had it tucked under the leather Two keys, twenty G's, nigga please Blew his brains out cause witnesses we don't need 1 - 	On the road to riches and diamond rings 	Real niggaz do real things 	Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing 	Real niggaz do real things 	On the road to riches and diamond rings 	Real niggaz do real things 	Hanging wit the bitches is the song I sing 	Real niggaz do real things [Puff Daddy] Yeah, yeah, yeah I tote gats wit my nigga, clap wit my nigga Break bread and then break backs wit my nigga Jack wit my nigga, cock the latch wit my nigga Now how you gon' act wit my nigga? Just remember there's a gun to your dome And I will lick shots and run through your home Or better yet I put your son to the chrome Turn the music up and unplug the phone I will kill him, read my lips You too, motherfucker if I don't see no bricks See, I flips when I don't see no chips Yeah, nigga, I know you in pain, I don't care nigga I want the stash, keys, hash, weed, G's motherfucker, freeze Cock sucker, you better bring the things out  Before I blow your motherfucker frame out Nigga what Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Real big nigga's over here talkin' shit Yo fuck that, I'm gon' check these nigga's Fuck that, fuck that What you said? Speak up, I can't hear ya Oh, thought you was talkin' to us, um pardon me, my bad I shoulda known ya'll ain't wanted with these three time losers The open surgeons heart removers Niggaz think they gon' stop my ones Put a contract out and stop ya'll lungs We powerful, don't think that all we got is guns We buy out everything you claim, including your name Mama bitch squeeze the life out of ya'll nigga's Screw barkin', I take bites out of ya'll nigga's Crack open your safe then put a bomb to it Fuck shootin' windows nigga, I jumps through it With the all black hood, he beat a nigga 'till he hurl Then pull the hoodie off so he can see it was a girl When it comes to my nigga B.I.G  I wanna see all ya'll niggaz D.I.E On the road to riches and diamond rings Real bitches do real things Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing Real bitches do real things On the road to riches and diamond rings Real bitches do real things Hanging with the niggas is the song I sing Real bitches do real things Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Beanie Siegal, Lil' Kim, Nas, Joe Hooker Album: Forever Song: Journey Through the Life Typed by: Wheels012@hotmail.com [Nas]	Yo, Yo [Puffy] Gansta, Gansta [Nas] 	Gansta Yo [Puffy]	That's Right [Nas]	Journey Through the life of some real niggas [Puffy] Some real niggas, You'll never see what I've seen [Puffy] When I sleep I dream of bodies in streams of blood Naked bitches, dead nigga's ghost, Feds with toast  Knockin' my door down sweat poor down my body  Roast from the heat so I soak my sheets Wake up shiverin', pull my hoe close to me, she sexy Every night is different pussy since my girl left me And I tried to make her stay with me, but I stay busy And her friends are cut-throats, they deep throat to lay with me I reminisce how I miss a stare in this space Resort to the lips of a stripper, sprayin' their face Lampin' in a mansion, home alone I hear footsteps, shit I kicks just not lyrics I hold a fifth, wonderin' if ten shots can stop spirits If nigga's try to rob me then I won't hear it Cause it's different from the streets, I'm missin' my hood now Missin' all the blocks cuz I'm surrounded by woods now It's supposed to be good now It's like I'm walkin' tight rope and can't look down Fire below me Now the fantasies I have for women are unholy Success, thousand dollar bottles impress Models with fat ass and big breasts Floor seats, Knicks vs. Nets, private jets Millionaire heir to Antigua, with Ananda, the MTV diva Nas, how do we survive all this mess? (I didn't survive) East vs. West the rap game where words became flesh A whole pound of herb won't desolve my stress Still I ride to the death, love hip-hop Cause Afrikabababa was def, a lot of respect Feel Me? Fuck to the rock Sean John jury I got the same hands of crap platinum and the crap pyramids Write about the black experience, sell it to Marimax Tell me if you feelin' that 1 - 	[Lil' Kim & Joe Hooker] 	Take a journey through the life of these real niggas 	The things that they seen it would thrill niggas 	If you've seen what they've seen, you would wonder 	Through the rain and the pain and the thunder 	By the time that you realized that it's goin' down 	You may find yourself going underground 	When they see that this life is upon us 	We would see that there's no one that we can trust [Beanie Sigel] You can never see what I see, motherfucker Beanie Sigel, the realest nigga from the streets was taught Stay cased up nigga, stay deep in court Reminiscin' on that cold cell, deep in thought Gettin' skinny, couldn't eat, cause the meat was poor Ya'll niggas couldn't live my life, I've been through it Streached up in hospital beds, fed fluid Two bullets hit my leg, one passed through it Saw the blood and the hole in my calf, looked through it My life's no joke, I don' played dice with soap Upstate the case niggas slice your throat Wear your boxers in the shower when you gaurd your soap I done seen the biggest nigga's in the yard get broke I done took blocks through war, took blocks for fall Took blocks to Wall for box of raw What you think 33 in the glock is for? Black fatigues, skullies and binoculars,  C4, block your doors, nigga's can't stop this war I show you faggots what this Swatz' is for Hidding spots in the door for the glocks is for Read the papers, '94 I took the cops to war Half of ya'll niggas livin' a lie Only reason you switchin' up your droid is cause you keep gettin' robbed I looked that nigga in the eyes before I send him to God Beanie Sigel, desert eagle, the realest nigga alive Repeat 1 [Nas] Aiyo, Aiyo, Gansta, Gansta The Bible has words that Christ wrote, evil men sacrifice goats I speak all my life under oath Since a kid, troublesome Thrownin' shit at little girls jump ropes Bustin' B-B Guns at stray cats, that was way back  Watched it die, covered in flies Then I picked up a stick, try to dig in it's eyes Makin' dirt pies, na, being buggy-eyed shit And every other nigga that rap, sound like my shit I wear chrome 45's with ice on the grip I don't shoot it, I roll with killers and criminals With heroin habits they picked up from the penile They let you have it, all I do is give them a smile Lifestlyes of the realest, you ain't ruthless you bitch I got a pine box just your size, I know it'll fit Your whole life's a mistake, stop holdin' the pen Kill yourself, come back as a man over again Cause in this lifetime I'm reignin', slay men Leave your whole body cold Your nails grow long, you get gray skin May this nigga rest in peace, Amen I run with brave men, straight out the housin', we wildin' Names engraved in the pavement Brick building, grown ladies jump off the roof Nigga get paged, then murdered at the phonebooth New York streets made me nigga, it's crazy nigga Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Mario Winans Album: Forever Song: Best Friend Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] (Mario) I've seen a lot of things in my life Alot of ups and downs Made alot of mistakes No matter what, you've always been by my side You've always been my best friend You're the love of my life (Oh) You're everything to me (Oh) You never left my side (You're my best friend) I love you so much (Yes, you are) You're my best friend [Puffy] Since the beginning of time All you did was bless men Too young to understand but now you my best friend How could they doubt you, never think about you Don't they know nothing's possible without you Faith without fear that's how they raised me Words of man kill but never phase me Grateful for wisdom that you gave me But still I'm like, dear God I wonder, could you save me? Too much sinning, gotta be more than plush living Gotta be more than grabbing nines to buck tin in  Gotta be more than just to lust women Gotta be more than platinum Rolexes, 600's and crushed linen Praise your name, I know some of them hate their due Judgment day, don't they know they can't escape your crew I'm just trying to live right and pray you take me through And with this song I dedicate to you, my Lord 1 -	[Mario Winans] 	Lord, you mean the world to me 	Before I was born you chose me 	You always hear me when I'm calling 	Even catch me when I'm falling 	You're the closest one to me 	I surrender all to thee 	I want the whole wide world to see 	That we've always been and we'll always be  	Best friends [Puffy] Sometimes I reminisce and wonder how I made it this far Because of you, I'm me, so you the real star Your hindsight, the time's right to get my mind tight Then give it to you and let it shine bright My best friend, only know how to teach the truth Plant the seeds of life and let them eat the fruit Can't you see that He spread love for you Shed blood for you, cry for and die for you Willies with mac millies know how you get down We know the drama you bring whenever you hit town Just remember when you pray, God is love Gracious, merciful, forgive even the hardest thugs Life as we know it, it all begins with Him Life as we know it, it all ends with Him If I was you I would never try to pretend with Him He might spaz and blow it, I'm best friends with him Repeat 1 [Puffy] Been two and a half years since my man Big passed Been two and a half years since my world crashed I needed help, God gave me the power Gave me the strength to go face to face with my darkest hour Looked me in the eyes and ask "What you doing unhappy?" "Don't you know why I'm here?" and started shooting at me Back to the wall, is my faith gonna play out Never wavered once, gave me no way out Your time to die, don't even stress the date You're coming with me, your soul I'm next to take I told him "I'm too much blessed with faith" "And living for Christ" and then he said "Manifest the great" All of a sudden, what I'm remembering Ground started to shake, everything trembling The power of the truth was shooting through my Timberlands Here was my Lord Jesus Christ, my best friend again, come on Repeat 1 While: [Puffy] You mean everything to me You've been with me from day one Even when I thought nobody was there You were there You're my best friend I love you like no other There is no feeling like this in the world If you can relate to what I'm feeling Put your hands in the air for me Let me see you Naw, matter of fact clap your hands for me Clap your hands, come on Thank you Jesus You always hear me when I'm calling Always catch me when I fall, yeah I surrender all to thee I want the whole world to see That you've always been, you'll always be My best friend I love you Jesus Thank you, forgive me for my trespasses As I forgive those who trespass against me Thank you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Hurricane G Album: Forever Song: PE 2000 Typed by: NasOnTour@aol.com, djglama@yahoo.com [Hurricane G] Hey yo Puff, check this out pa I'm tired of niggas hating on a mutha fucka Let's take it to the next millennium on these bitches You got to keep bubblin on em Platinum doublin on em, fuck these niggas Hey yo, I bumped into these cat an' they was like, "Yeah, what up wit that nigga Puff he swear he nice" I said yo, the brother dont swear he nice he knows he nice You public enemy number one right now But Fuck that there spit that hydro-ghetto shit [Puff Daddy] Let's go That's that shit right here, whom shall I fear Throw your guns in the air Socialize, get down, let your ssoouull lead the way Cause i'm that enemy that you can't see But you wanna be you ain't shit to me Playa, It ain't hard for you to get to me Playa, my real dogs they'll spit for me So if you want whats mine, you gots to have the heart I've seen em come and I've seen em part If you ain't want beef then why did you start? Front from the light catch shots after dark Suffer, duck or you'll catch these On the spot, red dots make em all believe Ain't nobody kicking the rhymes like these See I do the things that they can't achieve So don't start bassin' n' I'll start pacing Bets on that you'll be disgracing More hotter than the sun I'm living on the run Because i'm public enemy number one Chorus: One,One,One,One,One One,One,One,One,One [Puff Daddy] Let me ask you, what you got against me? Is it my girl or is it the bentley? Is it my house or maybe its all three I just came up and you're all against me Now ask yourself, why is he number one? Now ask yourself, who's done what he's done? Then ask yourself, you're fit for the long run? You think its a game cause you fucked the wrong one Always with God and I don't swing solo Never back down when I gotta throw dolo Wanna see me out, but I just won't go though Pretty young things wanna have my photo One in the room hangin' on the wall In rememberance that I rocked 'em all Got no time for those that think small Grill me in the club cause they can't ball Hate shot callers Hate them ballers Back in control now I call orders It's no fun fleeing under the gun  Cause they got me public enemy number one Chorus [Puff Daddy] All you suckers, liars, court testifiers Wanna infiltrate and break my empire I spit lines, hit rhymes Keep dimes sweating Giving them the juice that they're not gettin' A bona fide playa, now who got the flavor A non stop, rhythm rock, poetry sayer I'm the life saver, the New York mayor Before you try me, you better say your prayers My word to the wise is: "Do not cry" You know that i'm gone then say don't die I take what I find, put a beat to they rhyme Thought it was over but I crept from behind Wanna try to stop me from speaking my mind Almost 2000 and running out of time Almost to the point when I wanna bust nines A lot of strange faces, I can only trust mine Soldiers in position all on the front line Don't make a move till I give them the sign Known as the poetical, lyrical, miracle son Because i'm public enemy number one Chorus [Hurricane G] Yeah yeah, that's right Puff That's what I'm talkin about love Sparklin and glistenin on these motherfuckers These niggas is walkin around like little bitches Talkin about what you got and what they ain't got They got a little jealous and wanna bring you down But fuck dat, they just mad Cause you got all the ladies And you pushin them bentleys, not mercedes, bentleys You know? and thats just the way the story goes And thats just the way the story goes Fuck you niggas and hoes [Puff Daddy] You think i'ma come this far and let you niggas stop me now? Haha picture that....number one, number one, number one B-I-G forever... rock on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) f/ Black Rob, G. Dep, Loon Album: The Saga Continues... Song: The Saga Continues Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {"Sirius" by Alan Parsons Project plays in the background..  better known to some as "Introducing your Chicago Bulls" music} [P. Diddy] Yeah can you hear me? Yeah There's certain things in life that you can stop and there's certain things in life that can't be stopped Let's go.. "And now.. for your.. Bad Bad Boys..  Starting at guard.." [P. Diddy] Y'all niggaz still talkin? Oh you got a little name little fame little fortune? What you have is a portion Bout the size of the hats in the back of my Porsche and So you better use caution, knowin I'm the boss and I'm sittin on pyramids, flossin I don't really gotta talk son I can get lost and sit back livin off endorsements I'm a pro, kid Why you actin like you don't really know, kid? Any records I broke it Through the fame and the stardom, makin my mark on Harlem like Poe did I said, here's your eviction notice But you probably already know this I don't mean to be greedy, but turn on your TV or pick up your CD, P.D. [G. Dep] This is gruesome Niggaz always grab that mic and salt like they really gon' do some' What's wrong with you son? Oh you got a new gun, do you know how to use one? Then you livin an illusion, livin in a used one while I'm in the Limited, cruisin You ain't really got a crew son You givin them amusement, fuck what your Comic Views meant Youse a smokehead I've been doin this since this Pro-Ked Broke breads with the cokeheads Been down, still I get around like a nigga with broke legs on a moped I said; I'm a "Top Gun" like Gossett Run and get your CD and cass-ette Gossip, lotta niggaz got lip But they ain't got hot yet 'til they got Dep [Loon] Why niggaz lie like that? Know they ain't fly like that Niggaz get fried like that And you don't wanna die like that Have your momma cryin like that Besides all that, I'm in to get it fryin like that Still on the block and move pies like that Never my life dealt with guys that rap In fact, I leave a nigga with his eyes all sad Swoll up, y'all niggaz better hold up Any nigga that roll up, could get fold up Body get ripped up, and then sewed up Every nigga I fucked with, niggaz is growed up We don't play games, get on the stand, and say names All we do is cock back, and spray planes Give a fuck if nigga hustle or gangbang Nigga try to use they muscle and fang fang [Black Rob] Keep frontin, I'ma put a crease in your jaw Might catch me squeezin the four My nigga I go to war And if a nigga want the raw you still gotta come in the store Y'all never had a run-in before, with the likes of an outlaw Predicate assassin, smashin Open shit, rig scope, focus it Give niggaz what they 'posed to get (shit) Oppose the clique, I send five close to six Hoodfellaz, that'll come close your shit Niggaz stay with the frozen wrists Now the smoke colored big Benz with the top broke off Fix your face, we back on the paper chase Never left, so I ain't gotta take your place Fuck the fake bogus niggaz that ain't notice the breadwinner, three-six-five I stay focused nigga [P. Diddy] We'll never stop.. We'll never stop.. One of the greatest teams that ever lived.. It's like in our blood.. We gotta be born this way.. Bad Boy baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) f/ Black Rob, Mark Curry Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Bad Boy For Life Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com [P. Diddy] Aiyyo, you ready? Let's do it {*music starts*} Mmm, yeah.. Yeah.. c'mon I'm the definition of: half man, half drugs Ask the clubs - Bad Boy, that's whassup After bucks, crush crews after us No games, we ain't laughin much Nothin but big thangs, check the hitlist How we twist shit, what changed but the name? We still here, you rockin wit the best Don't worry if I write rhymes - I write checks (hah!) Who's the boss? Dudes is lost Don't think cause I'm iced out, I'ma cool off Who else but me? (who else?) And if you don't feel me that mean you can't touch me, it's ugly, trust me Get it right dawg, we ain't ever left We just, moved in silence and repped to the death (yeah) It's official, I survived what I been through Y'all got drama, "The Saga Continues..." We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere We can't be stopped now, cause this Bad Boy for Life We ain't, go-in nowhere, we ain't, goin nowhere We can't be stopped now, cause this Bad Boy for Life [Black Rob] Hey yo straight from the Harlem streets I don't play, I push it down with the Harlem Heat (uh-huh) All a sudden niggaz got a problem wit me (Black, what happened?) They run around actin like the Black-o can't eat And you know what? (what?) For some strange reason (uhh) I'm off of this medication, feelin deranged needin for y'all to put the word out (c'mon, c'mon) we ain't leavin We tryin to be rich before we all stop breathin Therefore (what?) we kinda hustle lames Stay layin down our muscle games (c'mon) Still turn niggaz dreams to flames (yeah) you got the wire If not I ain't sayin no names; you'll soon expire; (heh) No pain (nothin) I feel remorse Yes of course it's me and Diddy up first racin Porsches wit the big twin valve exhaust-es {*screeching*} (yeah) On the cover of ya Vibe's, XXL's and Source's bitch (c'mon, let's go) [Mark Curry] Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah It ain't shit changed, since the Notorious (We miss you B.I.G.) See everything still glorious (yeah) We still got +Warriors+, still be the +Victorious+ (that's right) See it's a lot of them, but it's more of us Still got cash to blow, raps to flow Still them cats that know, pack ya flow That's fo' sho', bottles that pop, joints that rock Played the background, hand on my jock, holdin my glock (hahaha) Money to get (yeah), cars to flip (uhh) Bars to sit at and sip Cognac wit jewels that drip (c'mon) Hoes to see (uhh), make sure they knowin it's me (they know it's you) Drop that beat, can't believe that I MC (haha) Bad Boy 'til the casket drop (Bad Boy) gotta love it Place nuttin above it (nuttin) it's on like that (c'mon) Don't believe, we ain't goin like that We're always gonna be here (yeah) We there (uhh) every motherfuckin year! [Chorus] - 2X [P. Diddy over Chorus] Bad Boy.. we ain't goin nowhere Uh-huh.. uh-huh.. what? We ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here For ever, and ever, and ever, and ever.. c'mon We ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here We ain't goin nowhere.. we gon' stay right here Yeah, uh-huh.. uh-huh, uh-huh Cause it's Bad Boy for life! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) f/ Black Rob, G. Dep Album: The Saga Continues... Song: That's Crazy Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Black Rob] (P. Diddy) Y'all ain't ready (The saga continues) Tootsie rolls (We still here) Yo, PD, Bad Boy, Alumni, BR I had this bad bitch uptown, she was WHOA (THAT'S CRAZY) Almost had me pushing up daisies (THAT'S CRAZY) Ask a made nigga the keys to the crip (THAT'S CRAZY) Just came home from doing a bid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now how you ain't gon' change the locks? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Didn't sit there and call the cops (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Got in bout the back door LIKE WHOA (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Hop in an Excursion with sixteen wheels (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yeah you love it how we huggin' the curb (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus it's jumpin' off up in the spot (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Boobie cat, lapdance for kid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus the spinal chick put in the bid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the driver smoking chron' (OH THAT'S CRAZY) If he crash, then we all gone (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck it, pump the sound to ten (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Catch BR on the cover of Spin (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, it's alright, on tight Watch out, pushing on tonight, it's crazy Don't hold back, I'ma put it where it's suppose to be at And that's non-stop, party-hoppin', it's on [P. Diddy] You had the nerve to say I had a gun (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man for twelve years I had to run (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And ain't a threat on my family, dogg (THAT'S CRAZY) Courthouse got my name in the log (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And ain't my name Sean John? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Or about the movie star chick on my arm (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Even had foul shit to say to my moms (OH THAT'S CRAZY) They even called the office to say it's a bomb (OH THAT'S CRAZY) But yet, I'm supposed to be so calm? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Tavis Smiley, I killed him with the charm (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yeah, looked like there wasn't nuttin' wrong (OH THAT'S CRAZY) That's how it is when you in the game so long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, we been had the keys to the six (OH THAT'S CRAZY) From now on, it's no Puff, just Diddy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, New York never looked so pretty (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Can't picture NY without no Diddy (OH THAT'S CRAZY), oh no! [G. Dep] Yo, how Dep ain't on, that's crazy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, I wouldn't miss this if they paid me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Come through, man, parkin' lot (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck cops, we watch the block (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yo, we hustle when them cameras is hittin' (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I did a bitch, still puttin' my bidness (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Shit, it's hard to get one red cent (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And they charging us high ass rent (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And now my back pocket starting to leak (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Somebody get this nigga something to eat (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I got a meal when I signed my deal (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Bunch of dreams, planes, and automobiles (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the bank don' sketched on my crib (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the boobies got a G-Dep fetish (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Thousand dollar honies givin' me leather (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Over-respect due to "Let's Get It" (OH THAT'S CRAZY) [Black Rob] Now the moral of the story is what? (THAT'S CRAZY) Exception, CO, doing the streets (THAT'S CRAZY) Some chicken won't even give me the digits (THAT'S CRAZY) Sure paper, slide off with them midgets (THAT'S CRAZY) Talk about the feds made you snitch (OH THAT'S CRAZY) How you gon' hate what made you rich? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Life Stories, shit, it ain't goin' gold (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, we scanned two million of those (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now you don't got Permanant Scars (OH THAT'S CRAZY) You know, bank or papi R (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Lights, camera, action, I'm a star (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Like yesterday, I broke a nigga's car (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now sittin', endless cash (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Bad Boy, got the game in a smash (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck around and put a foot in your ass (OH THAT'S CRAZY) See, I'm thirsty, still lookin' for cash (OH THAT'S CRAZY) [Chorus to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: G. Dep f/ Black Rob, P. Diddy Album: Child of the Ghetto * Song: Let's Get It Typed by: OHHLA.com * originally appeared on P. Diddy's "The Saga Continues..." [Black Rob - almost mumbling] They said that I'm a Rottweiler And I'm from the Rottweiler house, the Rottweiler New York [G-Dep] Really, get smacked silly, you get smacked silly Fucking with these niggaz from the, what you gon' do When you ready? Shit I was born ready And I was already on fish and spaghetti Creep with the culture, rap I can coach ya Attack like a vulture, see what I told ya? Said I'd get'cha, wear it if it fit ya Y'all thirteen inches, I see the big picture If it's to get richer, I'd probably get wit ya If not burn it, get hot like a furnace  Shoot the video, motherfuck city permits We own the city, on the phone with Diddy (*phone sounds*) Red bone pretty, when she get aroused like to suck her own titty; put it in the video Ya wanna holla got to follow nigga here we go Get you ticket, the train, don't miss it Won't reach out, and ya bet I won't visit 'til my whole wardrobe is-it, now listen (Chorus) Make this money, take this money (Let's get it) Ain't no way you can take this from me (Let's get it) Ain't shit funny (uh) shake it honey (Let's get it) Take it money.. now let's get it (Let's get it) [G-Dep] Creep with your people Though my shit is Sweet and Low it's no Equal Front but you lookin Once I throw the hook in proceed to get cookin with the game when I sewed it Since you came thought I owed you one Wide big Lincoln, why's this guy on the side for the stinking? Watch task force dash forward lookin marveled It's a big chance, big pants, might guard him with my man's type proper Better learn quick, cause my clique don't argue  You ain't my crew, who are you? Beat it 'fore we take off make sure you all seated In Billboard read it, believe it (Chorus) [G-Dep] Soul Controller, rap Ayatollah Kids hate me when they older I put cracks by the stroller I'm registered voter, motherfuck a quota Give some bakin soda and a quarter Bet I flow straight up out the water I'ma wreck the game 'til it say "out of order" Put the high score up Then tear the floor up On the world tour with your whore out in Europe Head on the tour bus Do what them niggaz in the drop thinks cooler Called up five reporters to thank my supporters Hittin wives and daughters Brought 'em neck spray from Estee Lauders Call Puffy to order [P-Diddy] Aiyyo, call me Diddy - I run this city Send the cops, the D.A. and feds to come get me Cats wanna leave me for dead you comin with me Gettin head in the Bentley red at one fifty Straight lose it, love two things my family my music Might co-write and produce it Drop mine, hot 9 exclusive Got y'all Hawkin like Yusef Cause I can, break backs and stacks it's no problem Make raps and tracks and go Harlem I get worldwide coverage Got so many spots I don't even buy luggage, ya love it Make moves major, hide out in Asia If your girl keep comin around them I'm a blaze her I'm the Bad Boy flavor, light blue gators NOT GUILTY, and I'm filthy, c'mon (Chorus) [Black Rob (Puffy)] I be the Eastside Soprano, Rob Marciano Flow in e'ry channel with the Iverson handle Forty-five sparks turn your day gray flannel Snatch the yay of the mantle, then proceed to dismantle Can't slay Rob How many niggaz done tried to play Rob, quit they day job Tired of putting broke niggaz under the wing If I go to jail again I'm goin under the bing Act like you gon' pull that thing thing You the only one that always get stuck for bling bling I represent "A" block in Sing Sing Almost caught a buck fifty for fuckin a Latin King's queen Moves for paper, booze no chaser Bullets out the blazer four-fifth with the laser Come and get your shit splitted, newspapers said I did it (He ain't do it) Now let's get it (Let's get it)  (Chorus) (x3) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) f/ Neptunes Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Diddy Typed by: drk757@hotmail.com Yeah.. it's Bad Boy baby (Yeah, c'mon) Neptunes (mm, mm, mm, mm, c'mon) And we won't stop (I like this right here) Cause we can't stop (yeah) Yeah, let me tell you somethin Yeah, check this out [Verse One] Sometimes I rhyme slow, sometimes I rhyme quick I was on 1-2-5 and Saint Nick Chillin with this chick named Tondalea Was a hot girl and everybody wanted to slay her But she wasn't fond of players, only wanted ballers to spoil her with six figures and camcorders So what you tryin to tell me dear? I got Bently, Benson and Mr. Belverdere And I just want to blow your mind I'm talkin literally blow your mind My repetoire is menage-a-trois and exotic cars Chillin with the hottest stars And it ain't no stoppin this I can't help it I'm a optomist And I'ma make ya head bop to this And at the end you gon' rock to this Now say my name, c'mon [Chorus: Neptunes] D the I the D the D the Y, the D the I the D It's Diddy (Hold up!) It's Diddy (That shit's crazy!) The D the I the D the D the Y, the D the I the D It's Diddy (Hold up!) It's Diddy (Say whaaat?!) [Verse Two] Aiyyo, I came in the door, I said it before I never the ladies hypnotize me no more But.. but back to the manuscript Cause I don't think you can handle this From New York to Los Angeles I think the whole world scandalous I'm just tryin to keep the candles lit Let the party people dance to this Get out your seats and clap your hands to this Because I came too far for me to be bourgeoise It's a Bentley to you, to me it's a blue car So Branson pass me a jar Cause these cats done went too far Yeah one phone call send two cars And I still get searched by security guards (that's right) I guess that's what I have to do Take the game international, now what you call me? (La La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I'm tryin to see you work it out girl (La La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I wanna see you work it out girl [Verse Three] Now hold up, stop (stop) now wait a minute We don't stop we rock cause ain't a limit My aim is winnin, got Asian women that'll change my linen after I done blazed and hit 'em, but I just wanna rock wit you (that's right) And take it straight to the top with you And do what I gots to do, if it's possible Cause I ain't trying to stop you boo I, got an agenda, got on a Ninja One wheelin and killin it not to offend ya That's when I met this chick named Brenda Tender, her whole body bend like fender So let me see you shake it girl (c'mon) I just wanna see you shake it girl (c'mon) For the return of the Don, the world in my palm My moms calls me Sean but y'all call me (La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I'm tryin to see you work it out girl (La La La La La La La La La La La) C'mon work it out girl I wanna see you work it out girl The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: G. Dep f/ Mark Curry, Loon Album: Child of the Ghetto * Song: Blast Off Typed by: cosmicent@hotmail.com * originally appeared on P. Diddy's "The Saga Continues..." [G. Dep] Yeah... Yeah, me and my man's and them We gon' blast off Bad Boy nigga, and we don't stop Come on to the top, blast off Yeah, yo Aiyyo, I take it up top for my peeps Cracks in they Jeeps, don't sleep till they 6 feet deep No 'lax' in my tracks they potent Fuck homicide, I'ma ride, keep smokin' I keep smokin' till the bullshit filter Like cigarettes, Dep came through, killed ya When I swerve hit nerves Number 1 contenders, I put 'em on injured reserve And everybody know what's golden, matter of fact platinum,  ?mores trap to mold in? Once I explode and I, burn up the road and Cruise around the globe, the cops thinkin' it's stolen Understand, the world's in my hand G. Dep in this scam, no stunt Bitch play the front And I'ma show you how to lay back do a buck while you puff on a sac Cause yo, I'm about to blast off - Straight to the chase, cause everybody know what's the case Aiyyo, I'ma about to blast off Straight to the point, aiyyo, yo, light another joint Nigga, I'ma blast off Right to the top, aiyyo, no, I ain't gon stop yo Nigga, I'ma blast off Straight to the dome, you entered in the Bad Boy zone [Mark Curry] Yo, yo, uh Who's a nigga harder than me? On the boats, make it known how the slaughterin' be Damn, Curry ain't the shit? Put the name in your mouth Got it different? You ain't on what you talkin' about Bustin' off in her mouth, catch me I'm feelin' for whoever test me, pity for whoever second guess me Know how to ?manhand'? it's real as it get Feelin' my shit, straight through the cealin' with this Bet your block love it, find me only with the grimy Gutters of the street where my mind be Play the game, get you a 'zil' Forever, put you until, it fit me to kill Heat, got it with me still Flip the game over, see me, we be, untouched Out like your motherfuckin' guns bust, BLAOW Sure shot, hit again, spit it grim, anytime, anyplace Bitch, I'm about to- [G. Dep] Blast off, yo I get it poppin' When I rock, yo it's non-stoppin' Yo, I'm about to blast off See me at the show, when I rock everybody know Aiyyo, I'm about to blast off Bottles gon' pop, cause when I rock, everybody rock Aiyyo, I'm about to blast off Straight to the top, cause everybody know this is hot [Loon] Aiyyo son, I'm about to blast off, like an astronaut Niggas don't wanna see a nigga blast the glock Niggas don't wanna see a nigga flash the rocks And pop up in the flashy drop - motherfuckers Niggas know me, Loon's a gunslinger Fuck fightin' a nigga, I'm usin' one finger Catch one of you rap cats in the 'Humdinger' Some niggas get shot, live and become singers Expect to die, I'd rather sit in a chair, electrified Than to stand here and testify But, other than that though, we never get caught We George Jefferson walk out of federal court We gettin' bread in New York, ain't better the sport So whatever you thought, you can use whatever support But, I think it's best you go 'head and just walk Or have the cops find traces of lead in your corpse Yo, I'm about to- [G. Dep] Blast off- Straight to the chase, cause everybody know what's the case Aiyyo, I'ma about to blast off Straight to the point, aiyyo, yo, light another joint Nigga, I'ma blast off Right to the top, aiyyo, no, I ain't gon stop yo Nigga, I'ma blast off Straight to the dome, you entered in the Bad Boy zone The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) f/ Eightball & MJG, Faith Evans Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Roll With Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [P. Diddy] Yeah.. uh-huh, uh-huh-huh.. Yeah [Eightball] Yeah, yeah This big 'Ball mayn, P. Diddy and MJG We raw mayn (we raw) if pimp was a drug we'd O.D. (c'mon) Got game for days - betta keep yo' broad away from a nigga like me I likes to play (I likes to play) Drop the top and feel the summer breeze (let's go) I know you can get with that, flippin through the city Bright lights and all my G's is out here rollin wit me (c'mon) Big trucks, or fo'-deep in a old school Lookin for the hoes, at a club - full of drunk fools (WHAT WHAT WHAT?) Who wanna get it krunk non-stop (WHO YOU WIT? WHO YOU WIT?) Yo chill fo' dem guns pop Official player anthem, say what you drankin shorty? Pop that Henn roll somethin let's get this party started I roll with Bad Boys (Bad Boy) we like them bad girls (bad girls) Them fast girls, them love to shake that ass girls (shake that ass) Get with me, let's get a suite, order somethin to eat Tell me things about you (c'mon) and I'll tell you things about me (Let's go) [Chorus: Faith Evans] Sho' nuff ridin, won'tcha come roll with me Come on, roll with me We can put the top down on the highway and feel the breeze We can feel the breeze Baby we can kiss the sky, don't matter if we never come down We ain't never comin down Reppin N-Y-C and Memphis Tennessee is how it goes down.. [P. Diddy] (Uh-huh, yeah yeah) Yeah, uhh Let's blow the roof off (roof off) let's ride out (ride out) Let's try to put these city lights out (lights out) Just flow with me (flow with me) It's Diddy with some niggaz that y'all know with me (Who?) Eightball & MJG (that's right) We got it man (c'mon) from Harlem to Tennessee Let's roll through 'em, how I call it is how I see it (that's right) Let yourself go (self go) the way I keep it real with a smile that reminds you of my Bentley front grill (ehehe) Yes it's on again (c'mon) to a place near you I'm lookin out my rearview, fresh gear too (yeah) Holla at your man (holla at him) I'm clean and I'm tight (c'mon) That's all day and night, these shoes fit me right Just bendin corners - know just where you can find me picture this (picture this) you only have to use yo' mind What you know good (you know good) It's your world and I'm just in it (what?) It's just the way that God must have meant it Speak of the man [MJG] Pimp tyte! M-J-G Fin' to get up on the mic with a passion Get up on some pads Gwen, my chick get her ass in For the track, make my money Bring it on back to the middle of the flo' I want the whole stack Plus I, need a little more, I gotta eat a little mo' My seed gotta grow I got a reason to flow, a reason to show What I mean is I go off like a champ, when I cling to the flo' My twinkies shine when I hit the strip, 'llac dippin Strictly pimpin, as long as tricks invest in women From the Memphis Tenn., to the N-Y-C I'm representin I put mo' spice into yo' life than yo' entire kitchen Big dickin, chokin hoes with anaconda If my pimpin was a drink it'd be a can of Thunder I slang lumber, a spell I keep my women under Through all seasons, they fall winter spring and summer I hit the highway smoked out pistol grippin But I ain't trippin though I'm high as hell, spaceship'n [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Loon, Marsha Album: The Saga Continues... Song: On Top Typed by: jschauer@hmc.edu Yeah [3x] [Loon] Yo I'm a gangsta, outlaw; indoor, outdoor Nigga tell me, right, Loon goin south paw (that's right) It's Bad Boy we don't give a fuck about y'all (that's right) Step in the room see the bitch come up out y'all (that's right) I fuck with niggas but it's something about y'all (uh huh) Actin like Loon can't do shit without y'all (c'mon) I caught my menses in Benzes that out y'alls (yeah) See how it feel when your friends be without y'all (that's right) I been doin it, coke I been movin it Before you niggas thought of the block I been through with it Keep confusin this music shit, die for some foolishness Frontin like you a hardware usin bitch You hit the block, prolly lose your whip Niggas (yeah) snatch your watch and the rocks out your crucifix Watch (yeah) how we do this shit, (c'mon) Bad Boy 2Kin it (uh huh) So playboy, what type of paper is you playin wit [Chorus  Marsha  2x] See that Bad Boy on the countdown (on the countdown) Too slow can't keep up, no, better run (better run) Don't stop, what we gone too far (yeah) Don't flop, what we just too large (oh) [P. Diddy] Let's get, one thing clear (that's right) Still the same cat who put the flavor in ya ear (c'mon) Still the same cat who let the BIG rock with Tony (yeah) Most wanted successful rap mogul (uh) Still got niggas wilin out on the floor (let's go) Still got the sky-blue drop-toppers on (yeah) Still eat at Justin's in Sean John velour (that's right) Still humble (c'mon) and still want more (uh) Still hate war, still want peace And I still can't stand to see blacks beefin y'all still sleepin and we still eatin Still bring that heat, wilin out on the weekends Still happy in black and don't need a reason (that's right) Still platinum back in London and Sweden (c'mon) Still pack the garden like Adam did Eve n (yeah) I still got rhymes to (yeah) leave your girlfriend freakin Haha Haha Haha Ha (I like that) (C'mon) (Let's go) [Chorus  2x] [Loon] Aiyo, besides all the money and riches Videos and pictures, slippin, these silly hos will get ya (c'mon) But not me, I'm too cocky I love when the women scream Hey Papi (that's right) I love when a chick leave my crib knock-kneed (c'mon) And I love when a playa-hata try to knock me (yeah) Or cock-block me (yeah) but you can't stop me You come for all you want (yeah) but you (yeah) can't top me [P. Diddy] Yeah I'm just a B-A-D (c'mon) B-O-Y (that's right) Son we multiply, nigga we don't die Niggas frontin like we ain't fly (say what) But nigga can't name nothing that we ain't buy (c'mon) Or we ain't try, (that's right) or we ain't drive (yeah) The judge said not guilty and he ain't lie (he ain't lie) Niggas need a hit it's to me they cry (c'mon) So why front like nigga (yeah) P-D ain't live (yeah) C'mon, man (let's go) [Chorus  4x] [Marsha] We got some, real niggas, real blingas, real money makers No- (Bad Boy baby) Bad Boys on top (we ain't goin, we ain't goin) They won't stop (we ain't gonna stop) No, we got some, real niggas, real blingas, real money makers No play, Bad Boys on top They won't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Big Azz Ko, Black Rob, Kain, Loon, Mark Curry & Bristal Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Where's Sean? Typed by: jason-ray@nc.rr.com [P. Diddy] Eh yo what's up playboy Yeah, now I'm out here in Milan I need you to come get wit' me aight? Yeah, I got something I need you to do Call up the rest of the crew I'll see you there [Big Azz Ko] Yo, I got the call from Sean he out in Milan Went to get the package, got there it was gone Hold on say word you got to be joking Don't worry about it dun I'm on the next thing smoking Hit Bristal up on the speed dial Yo these funny talking cats tryin' to do a nigga foul It's goin' down nigga round up the team Im'll head over here just to map out the scene Ship them things in route to climb walls Infrared vision ear plugs and all Digital surveillance linked with laptops Express mail it to me can't ??? [Bristal] I'm splurtin' for certain Bris-pro working Searchin' dippin' curvin' breakin' clean outta virgin From servin' here Rob certain I'm burnin' On my way from Mt. Vernon Swervin' a stretch bourbon Identity of this man I look persian Hey yo we gotta get him I wanna know where they came from Or who sent them First nigga to find them better bend'em Cuz I just spoke to Polly Fontaine Shit ain't a game, and Sean feel the same So y'all niggas betta get on point [P. Diddy] Well it seems like our bad boys have theirselves in a bit of a jam Seems like Bristal got his back up against the wall Well let's see how Rob B-O handles this one Bad boys watch ya backs Watch ya backs bad boys [Black Rob] Yo, who the fuck is this pagin' me at eight fourty six I'm hoppin' outta shorty whip I'm by the tel, across exxon by the shell Sense of urgency on the cell We gon' pick you up, when ya flight land We in a tight jam Me and Diddy fam sorta like his right hand I touch down like two-thirty If i was on you, your hoe's and them cowards Im'll do dirty Still a commssion and we all equal All lethal Caught'em doin' dirt to the wrong people It's the family affair, I'm here With all of me Im'll deal with this one accordingly Got the locations sittin' in the console pacin' Get bagged murder be the case and And I'm tired in jail Even though through the riots I prevailed Enjoyin' my freedom, got two kids as long as I feed'em I'm here for the fam thats there when I need'em [Mark Curry] Yo, uh uh uh, hello It gotta be the same cats I can tell by they strange acts When they mumble to each other Like Milan they run for cover New cuz this bitch that I fucked with One thought I loved her Seas debate the storm pull him the the surface That's a purpose One of these faces, make'em nervous Catch'em when they out for hamburgers Turn they whole lunch into a murder In a way all the rounds gon' be heard of This shits big, the first thing to catch to where PD is I'm on it, act like they want it Im'll bring the heat Just let me know the place we plan to meet And I'm in it sure as your heart beat [Loon] Yo I ain't really tryin' to duck no strays So watch what the fuck you say It's ya mouth that started the shit Now you actin' all retarted and shit Dog I came to play my part and that's it We had a fullproof plan, all we need was the fam Ammunition, a van, two chicks and one extra man Two lincoln LS Sedans Fifteen hundred yards of saran And after the scam, we be out in Amsterdam Yo, call Sean in Milan Call Sean tell Sean we gone We'll meet him in Hong Kong With two chicks both they thongs on Mabe Ling and Kim Long Both of them dead wrong Two rich bitches the feds on [P. Diddy] Yeah, well it seems like brother Loon is out in Hong Kong He's found his self in a sticky icky icky situation But you know somethin' I have faith in the bad boys Bad boys bring it on home, bring it on home bad boys [Kain] Heh, I'm bout to do Santa Dimengo On a horse named Bingo A fugitive lookin' for Puff switchin' my lingo Stayin' at a hotel called the pink flamingo Callin' up MC from a cuatro cinco The set up, tryin' on my way to uniform Room service bumpin' Kain on the newest song Holdin' gats knowin' everything I do is wrong 'Till I hi-jack the sky flyin' on a unicorn Downstairs with a bag of money and two clips Talkin' to Loons chicks wit' sombreros and toothpicks Sayin' they commit homicides for two bits And fuck for dough like I give two shits Wildfire call from Hong Kong Hello (Loon: Yo Kain I just spotted Sean Jean) Hold up, some information was missing I just got the same page from Bris He told me he saw Sean and two chicks followed by four whips Somewhere in the Florida sticks It's a set up Tell the crew to keep their heads high I'm gonna flip if any one of my mens die We've been fucked somebody told us a bent-lie/Bentley (what?) Let's get back to the spot in NY Seven glocks P-S-P-O pops Hit both the hot locks Let'em read it that Diddy is on them hot blocks So we sent two teams to rush both spots Ha yeah! Suited up ready to dumbs out Thumbs out watch the motherfuckin' door with our guns out [P. Diddy] Hey yo yo hold up stop the music man heh heh Y'all niggas is crazy I was only joking man I just wanted to see if my family was on point The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: G. Dep Album: Child of the Ghetto * Song: Child of the Ghetto Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * originally appeared on P. Diddy's "The Saga Continues..." Yo, yeah, yo Uhh, uhh, yeah, yo Uhh, uhh, yeah, yo Uhh, uhh, G. Dep! [G. Dep] A child of the ghetto, nobody explain it to me Livin the scripture the picture they painted for me Rippin it runnin and gunnin and aimin for me Yo.. (yeah, uhh, yeah) I guess you niggaz told me right and exact Shak, shak, right in his back I might just crack while I'm writin this rap From even, a tire that snap, I'm light in the sack I tell you how I feel and that's part of the deal I'm like, Seagal with the steel but "Harder to Kill" It's real, big Beans up for lettin me know Fifteen bet and you blow, better get dough Won't be a second we won't; they lettin me go Since pays wisen your ways, allow me to grow Aiyyo (yo) swing yeah back to the scene Seven-four-eight-oh, can't recall in between Whole state pulsate, we can wrinkle the town Park jams dark shams niggaz breakin it down Niggaz rock the heaters, my clique rocked Adidas Didn't know the blocks were where the spots would lead us But hey.. A child of the ghetto, nobody explain it to me Livin the scripture the picture they painted for me Knew what it wasn't, it wasn't the game or the greed Rippin it runnin and gunnin and aimin for me A child of the ghetto, nobody explain it to me Livin the scripture the picture they painted for me Niggaz is gamin they ain't who they claimin to be Niggaz that know me they told me the game it could be - CRAZY [G. Dep] I take you back to the scene of the stunt Scene of that rhyme and you can think what you want And if you.. and if you tell me you can get it from here Got boom got boom, put shit in the air (yeah yeah yeah) Get us some gear to get us in here Waited years to get a premier and did it from here Harlem - citizen where the kid is in gear, guard him Niggaz in here, who get it in here, we are them Take you back to the 80's around Polo Grounds, Uptown, eight-eighty a pound Niggaz hit the rooftop, y'all was roofin the rocks Other niggaz shoe tops, only youth on the block You dig me - movin in tops and movin these rocks You get it - we movin them blocks to move in them drops Skiddin - I guess the niggaz told me right and exact When they said stop fightin and stack it - get the money nigga [G. Dep] Eighty-one I had fun, eight-two I was new Eight-three I did me, eight-four I had grew Eighty-five it got live, eight-six in the mix Eighty-seven in the kicks, eighty-eight in the whips Eighty-nine I had the grind, nine-oh it was flow Ninety-one we got guns, ninety-two it was dough Nine-three was the key, nine-four was sure Nine-five took a dive, nine-six I was poor Nine-seven did eleven, nine-eight out the gate Nine-nine spit rhymes two-thousand I'm straight.. Shit, I thought I'd give housing a break Sit back, countin the cake, and lounge in estates, but yo [Chorus] - 2X {*to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (P. Diddy) f/ Cheri Dennis Album: The Saga Continues... Song: So Complete Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Verse 1] I remember what you said to me, when you said it to me last night we was talkin', and you reassured me everythings fine When I woke up this morning to get some loving from you I turned to one side, to my suprise, I wasn't layin' next to you(mmmm) Why don't you get closed to me, I thought it was supposed to be Me and you, you and me, so complete(so complete) While you handlin' me this way, what was it? you was talkin yesterday, yesterday, I could say, I seemed to be so complete, so complete Went away, you said nothing you didn't, no kiss, no lovin' you didn't, it's a shame, but it brings about the weak in me, brings about the weak in me you didn't, spend a lifetime with me you didn't, share things I wan'na see you didn't, when ever your around me it's so complete [Verse 2] So I waited, and I wanted, 'cause I knew you would come Hours 1, hour 2, hour, 3 hours, not at all If I'm dreaming, wake me up 'Cause I just about had enough, I had enough I can not see, how would you ever let this happen to me I still belive, that it was supposed to be Me and you, you and me, so complete So complete, so complete If you saying that you need to leave, then be a man about it and step to me, step to me, tell me please and without me it's so complete, so complete Repeat Chorus [Verse 3] Won't you tell me right now what you want from me(what you want from me) 'Cause it's been too long that you've held it in baby(held it in, oh) Thought you where the one but, you just played me(you know you played me) Now I feel that I'm so incomplete, yeah Repeat Chorus (with different variations) [Verse 4] Please, give me the respone I need I want you to complete me, oh baby Please, give me all the lovin' I need Promise you will complete me, oh baby Baby, what more can I say 'Cause I want you to tell me What it is you wanna do 'Cause I want'a be with you (be with you...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Kain, Kokane, Mark Curry Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Lonely Typed by: jason-ray@nc.rr.com {*Kokane begins stutter-singing the word lonely*} [P. Diddy] This goes out to my nigga B.I.G. Listen to me playboy, check dis out I go, on and on and on and Won't take her to the crib unless she's bonin' PD call her on the phone and Promise I'll leave her moanin' Now she zonin' Tellin' me she's all alone and Love the dark chocolate tone and Ahead of my time, I live what's said in my rhymes The cars and the chedda is mine We ain't, the type to sit back and lose focus Spit that mack-a-docious Most ferocious Cash all in my holsters Burn more bread than toasters You must know this, the cats I'm with is the coldest Hip-hop quota but quote this Back on the track again, thats whats happenin' Please believe it, we on top and won't leave it [Chorus: Kokane] Sometimes I feel like I'm lonely And sometimes I feel like I'm lonely [Kain] Uh, uh, yeah Ey yo C-I-O-F-F-I-E Q-U-double E-N-Z Come on ma your riding with me Leave the lame respect the game When you hanging on my arm you expect the same And, extasy when you sex the Kain I, only link with the wealthiest And only cop jewels if it drop celcius Now, you can run but you can never hide But, where you go when the temperature rise It's Bad Boy see death in ya eyes Kain Cioffe the next on the rise Damagin' shit hot stamina split You got screwball raps we the hammerin' clique Limo, the club, and the cameras'll flip Money, music women son we standin' in it HA! [Mark Curry] Yo, yo, yo, yo Don't panic, don't take this for granted I did then still do and always ran it A lot to gain when I say I'm off the chain The shit I spit...burn flames Who's controllin' this I can make the bitches grin Cuz I get money and run with the richest men Knockin' at ya door it's Curry again Been down since the jump off begin You know who I am Don't get it all twisted up Get the cash to my hands be all blistered up We can pick it up, we can drop it low Recognize what it is when I come through the door Not partyin' and pimpin', I walk wit a limp Once I took it to the top I ain't fell off since Stay high stay fly stay cool in the fan Ain't none of y'all seein' ya man Get a grip niggas [Kokane] (On guard, defend yo' self) It's lonely at the top hey hey (repeated twice) {*Kokane fades out stutter-singing the word lonely*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Loon Album: The Saga Continues... Song: I Need a Girl (to Bella) Typed by: HBK1029SCU@aol.com I need a girl who'll ride for me (Keep her self real fly) Damn near die for me (Stand by my side) Gon' call for me (Stand up and cry) Pay my bail for me, make sales for me Have a baby with (This is what she'll do) Lie to industry (Be my baby momma too) Someone who'll never leave (And always be true) How I wish my wife could be you [Loon] I need a girl that'll ride for me Situation get real bitch'll die for me Even step in the courtroom and lie for me I'm talkin' about right hand in the sky for me Do twenty-five for me, nigga steal a pound for me Shorty probably blow a nigga to the sky for me And go and sit in a chair that'll fry for me And lord know if I die she gon cry for me Never say bye to me I can't deny shorty love is official Even though love ain't the issue Shorty still smuggle the pistol Packin' a gat then hug you and kiss you Show you love when other niggas that diss you You on the real That's the type chick a nigga need  The type smoke all a nigga's weed And still move at a nigga's speed Never a victim of a nigga's greed Especially if she runnin' round with a nigga's seed [P. Diddy] I had a girl that woulda died for me Didn't appreciate her so I made her cry for me Everyday she had tears in her eyes for me I caught a case shorty took the whole ride for me (Thank you) At first we were friends then became lovers You was more than my girl we was like brothers On late nights we would play fight under covers Now you gone can't love you like I really wanna But every time I think about your pretty smile And we used to drive the whole city wild Damn I wish you woulda had my child A pretty little girl with Diddy style Shit is wild Now these's days that I reminisce About my little mami I'ma always miss (I miss you) But long as you happy I'ma tell you this Ain't nothin' that's broke that we can't fix Mamacita [Loon] Now I done seen chicks come and go Some in it for the love some want the dough But some of them confused and don't really know The difference between a woman and a silly ho But on the low I'ma tell you how it really be 'Cuz I be chillin' where the young willies be Strip clubs, sit buzzed spend twenty G's Shit bugged stick dubs where they titties be [P. Diddy] This nigga Diddy be chillin' with the prauda mamis Posted up with the chick with the hottest body Yo shorty all on me little hot tamale  (But I'ma ride for you Daddy) Then I got you mami Cause all I wanna do is take care of you And do things that the playas ain't prepared to do Like if I rock ice you gon' wear it too Fuck wit me I have the whole world stare at you You feel me girl? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ G. Dep, The Hoodfellaz Album: The Saga Continues... Song: If You Want This Money Typed by: cosmicent@hotmail.com You are now entering a Bad Boy zone (3x) Yeah! [Morock] This is for the niggas who ain't got shit to love I cripple thugs, just because You not Jada but you could, kiss the slugs Until your place hit up Rap niggas in the studio, wasting bucks You're better off making sure papi know your name well Guess who ghostwrite for me, my brain sails/sells Now believe it, better place checks Bad Boy, big things nigga, HF [Classy Freddie Blassy] I put it down for mine, my crew live a life of crime Constantly non-stop, when they on the climb And BK, no such thing, it's dark The sun go down, the tool start to spark Outline in chalk, moms lift the part Cases handle in the street, motherfuck the court Shouldn't talk the talk, you can't walk the walk It's The Hoodfellaz, what the fuck y'all thought? [G. Dep - Chorus] Now if you want this money baby Then I guess you in the right place And if your mind ain't right sugar Then you need to get up outta my face So what's the deal? Cant' ya see how a nigga feel? And let me know if you gon' ride tonight Cause this paper we makin' is real, all day [Verse] It's like that y'all (that y'all) Don't get it twisted with the rap y'all (rap y'all) Still walk around with the gat y'all (gat y'all) Don't make me have to point it at y'all (at y'all) And clap y'all (clap y'all) That's how I see things goin' Chains showin', rings glowin', Range Rovin' And my nigga push ki's like Beethoven It's gonna stay like that till the pearly gates open [P. Diddy] And here we go {overlaps Verse's last line} Aiyyo, let's get it where it needs to be Tuned in to the, P-the-D, please believe I told y'all it's on for life The only bars I ever be behind is the one's I co-write Hold it down, hold the crown What I gotta brag for? Y'all should know by now Cats talk this and that, so we rip the track This a fact, it's a wrap, uh! (Chorus) [G. Dep] Yo, yo Niggas mad at the fact we bad Man I won't stop like a New York taxicab If your shit wack, we burn If you got beef, we come back like a tax return We get money, hold money, no quotas We gon' fuck around and do this murder, no motive Aiyyo, I burn more Wait till I drop it, then you can learn more (Why?) Cause you a turn-off [Poppa Sims] Numb in my veins And bought enough to numbin' the brain Lovin' the brain, let a slob till it's come and arrange Strollin' the block, honey holdin' the glock 1-9, come on baby, it's crunch time In a truck blue, yellin' my fuck you's Doin' a buck-2, circle hoods like Doug Ghouls Huggin' the piece, ha ha, Sim is the word on the street Come on, I can make dessert outta beef (Chorus - till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Black Rob, Loon Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Back for Good Now Typed by: wu-banger@prodigy.net [P. Diddy) Uhh, yeah, you know what it is [Black Rob] Aiyyo, back on the scene Ain't nuthin' changed Still doin' wild things Whippin' something mean The whole shorts in the Rolls Royce is off For sure, bouncin' the bar on my next world tour When we hit the sick, I'm the cure We 'bout to pop it off so wild, hit the floor Ain't nobody botherin' you All I'm thinkin' 'bout is clobberin' you Immigration always sayin' I'm harboring a few Illegal aliens Females, mostly Latins and Israeli-ans The top story, evening news I'm the shit, they been decieving you Drop the roof on the Coupe D'Ville Shoot to kill Ask niggas, Duke is real Stay lookin' for the loot to steal He determined Don't try to touch Bad Boy, cause we burnin' I want my glory Duke is not a joke, and I ain't got ? Everytime I grab the mic it's with the sole intent To rip shots and give you 2OO percent Man, I'm tired of doin' dirt Tired of being on the the run from Wyatt Earp Rather be somewhere in a quiet church, sayin' prayers Not only sayin' mine, but sayin' theirs That's cause my dawgs ain't there Chorus: x2 The more hits we make, more money to burn The more fame we get, niggas get concerned It don't matter who's hot, who's out Bad Boy is Back For Good Now [Loon] Aiyyo, I'm fresh off the plane Tryin' to get a little bit of stress off my brain M-I-A Dom P., palm trees, 9O degrees Arm freeze, mom please, ain't nuthin' but cheese Caribbean Sea, Malibu breeze Watchin' DVDs on 5O inch screens So cut it out, you ain't now Don Juan, please I stay spillin' Dom on my Sean John jeans I hit the bar, yo, it's all on me Pop bottles, models, be all on me You all gon' see how it's all gon' be Front on me and see where you all gon' be Six feet deep When the heat seek, niggas be misty From 155th to 11Oth Street Harlem bound, Bad Boy, who the fuck want a problem now? Chorus x2 [P. Diddy] See this is the part I like right here I like when I see everybody on the dance floor Yeah, I see y'all, just shakin' your asses C'mon, hold on, I need to break it down Yeah One time like this Now would you clap your hands Your hands you clap If your girl's outta place then your girl get tapped Niggas keep thinkin' Diddy ain't on it like that But you never see me standing on the corner like that Cause, I'm talented, yes I'm gifted Never boosted, never shoplifted Forget get the cash, the money ain't nuthin' Cause everything I talk about, you know I ain't frontin' I rock Sean John everyday Boutiques from France to the USA And I make all the chips off the hits I invent So it really doesn't matter how much I spent Cause, I'm droppin' hits Daily You burn me? Really? Think Bad Boy been played a million times And I don't care if niggas write a billion rhymes Damn, we still payed! We still payed! Yeah, we got it made! [Loon] Aiyyo, this game ain't stoppin' We champagne poppin' Girl, I got shit that your man ain't coppin' You could hop in when your man ain't watchin' Give you one option, temperature's droppin' Gettin' cold, control your soul when I'm locked in You the type of chick that fold when you boxed in Signals my watch and givin' you more reasons to hop in This is a Bentley, not a Datsun Don't confuse me with dude, I'm not him Your man got a lot to learn But you could leave with the cat if you that concerned One day you gon' actually learn But not now cause, girl, I got tracks to burn I stay on my J-O-B Nigga, me, P. Diddy, B. R-O-B [P. Diddy] The fam baby, Bad Boy Chorus x4 [P. Diddy] Yeah, I want to dedicate this to everybody that been down with us From day one Shakin' them asses on the dance floor That's all we're tryin' to do Mo' money, no mo' problems 2OO1, Bad Boy forever The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (P. Diddy f/) Faith Evans, Carl Thomas Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Can't Believe Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Carl Thomas] (Faith Evans) Uh, oh, oh yeah Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh yeah (Emotional) I always dreamed that everything would be okay With me and you, but I was wrong When I looked into your eyes I didn't see all the things I used to see What's going on? 1 - [Faith Evans]  You gave me reason to believe that  We were always meant to be  But now I see, you were wrong  You can't keep running back to me  With all those "Baby, baby please"-s  No more, no more 2 - [Faith & Carl]  Never imagined  You would be a painted picture  I'm emotional  You saw me leaving  No deceiving, it's official  I'm emotional [Faith] I can't forget that night I saw you in the corner Wrapped up tight, you were wrong ooh Slow dancing on the floor While I was watching from the door So hurt, there you were Repeat 1 Repeat 2 You had your chance But you through it all away Thought you had my love always Oh baby, I don't understand Why you think that we could in total unhappiness Repeat 2 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Big Azz Ko, Mark Curry, Loon Album: The Saga Continues... Song: The Last Song Typed by: platinumjah@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [P. Diddy] 1, 2, 1, 2  yeh y'all can hear me make the drumming sound yeh lets ride yeh yeh be clear we here lights out eat here sleep here my house rhyme wasting time wasting feds want me caged in hope they got patience more you win they want you to lose I don't floss no more I drop jewels Hope we might chill the heights real Still we got fire that will melt your ice grill Know the deal once we hit record Hit the floor New era this is war Lord I'm the answer without a question No evidence no possession Stop stressing Shit I got moves to make Streets is dark but still I illuminate nigga I could see the way Till I see the end to me and BIG meet again yeh [Mark Curry] Curry going hit again Dreams your living in This what you coulda been Every city foot scene gets scrilla with em kid shortchange the dealer the game be gorilla ain't nothing illa aka 800 toll free aside I rose to be a Bad Boy til' I die The official bonafide (fide) Tested and tried (tried) Get in like Canson Work from the inside When I ride eyes are wide Ain't that I lick when I walk My some pimping to my stride Some wit a emphis on my side Cause I understand niggas out to get I Living the life Is no lie Been a great thing to do Nuttin I could think change the view Althought it might seem strange to you Its plain to me I'm here with you Lets give them what they came to see [Big Azz Ko] Yow yow aiiyo We exceptional Congressional Its best that you bester crew Wit your flesh going bruise Blood goin ooze and However you choose your ass goin lose This ain't the blues  Don't things that cruise Go bring the news Wit flows meaning cruel From few options To cruise hopping Now fools plotting cause I chart topping From bounce checks to being in effect (fect) And it don't stop till they reinterbect Rhyme calisthetics Bad Boy anesthetics Will twist me like crippie Amanda Chevitts Back flips tactics Be on measure Hat tricks wit only dimes and better Nigga just for that cheddar O please I switch cheese to leather [Loon] Uh yeh uh yeh uh Check it out yo Y'all niggas say what y'all wanna say Feel how y'all wanna feel Who give a fuck dog kill who you wanna kill Just keep it real when it come to me Cuz all my niggas in the slums kinda hungary On my right where my gun going be Bitches ain't getting a crumb from me Member when niggas used to run from me All of a sudden niggas names is buzzing Nigga in the game got a little chain becuz Heard the nigga signed a major budget But I'm the nigga made you love Now you wanna change the subject I ain't sweating that animosity I'm deading that Instead of rap imma smack you dead in your trap I don't give a fuck what I said on a track Niggas know me better than that Niggas I could neva be wack My money way to ahead of you cats I'm going strait to the top where the cheddar be at Wassup wit that Yeh bad boy nigga Fuck y'all wanna do [P. Diddy] As y'all can see when have come to the end of our program Very important that I let y'all know That I truly appreciate and I'm thankful For all your support For everybody that's been down from day one I love you We love you P. Diddy and the Bad Boy Family We out Aiiyo BIG we miss you one The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy Album: The Saga Continues... Song: Thank You Typed by: martinlo123@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] You've always been right there to let me know everything's alright Whenever darkness came my way You were my light I wanna thank You for the difference in my life Can't even count the reasons why ( ohhh I) [Refrain] I lift you up and praise Your name You gave me strength to see another day When I was lost, You helped me find my way When it seems I can t face another day( That's when I call on.....) You-- In time trouble, faced with struggle I call no one but .. You-- When I'm feelin lonely, no one around me still I call on .. You-- You always placed Your arms around me when I needed.. You-- Thats why I sing this song to tell You Lord I do love You [Verse 2] You are the only one who keeps on blessing me At times, I thought that I was blind You helped me see (Oh ho) And I can never pay You back for all You've done Thats why I serve You faithfully and never give You up I lift you up and praise Your name You gave me strength to see another day When I was lost you helped find my way When it seems I can't face another day That's when I call on.. [Refrain] Knock and He will answer The lord will make a way He's worthy of his praise I know life is worth living Becasue of you Jesus I always call on You [Chorus] - 3X during second time altos say(Lord I love you: love you) [Ending] - 4X Boys say: All I wanna do Girls echo: All I wanna do I Boys echo: is to keep lovin you Girls echo: is to keep lovin you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Craig Mack, G. Dep, Ghostface Killah, Keith Murray Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Special Delivery (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Fuck the whole industry!!!! You tried to get rid of me!!! Y'all must be kiddin me!! Y'all must be kiddin me!!! Aiyyo fuck the whole industry!!! Come on!!! Staten Island! Come on! Hold me down!!! [Verse 1: Ghostface Killah] Monster cut truck balley shit Champagne spillin while we hittin every bump that my Denali hit Outfit is four thousand and better The rhinestones in my flintstones look crazy in my sweater Pah, it's not a big fairy tale that's my M.O. Fuck bitches on the reg' with no problemo Iceberg, rabbits, and the fox and more Where I coped two more, brought four for RZA Bad Boy thank you for this special delivery Catch me by the pool in my Tony Starks slippers Wonder Woman armed, Ghost is intelligent Made 30 off of dust dime I was killin 'em Did cash on One-Sixteen I was feelin 'em Them days kept a crisp coke dollar bill on 'em I lived it out -- special delivery I spit it out -- special delivery I sniffed it out -- special delivery [Chorus: P. Diddy] (I want that) Special delivery!!! (I need that) This is the remix, special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Come on, special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) Bad Boy baby!!, special delivery!!! (I want that) We won't stop!!!, special delivery!!! (I need that) Yeah! G. Dep! Child of the Ghetto!!! (Can I have that?) As we proceed! AHHH!! (Well give it to me) [Verse 2: G. Dep] Aiyyo! Aiyyo! Signed, sealed, delivered in just the nick of time Rare, I'm a give it to 'em my design is rhyme in the ghettoist form Show power the child of the ghetto is born Uh, feet first, preach give a speech I kick ya each verse Groove let the shit just spit now it's dirt Death pressin ya and ya like a hustler on the first ya need work Stand by the grand high exhaulted At your door with a portrait of the raw shit Picture that while I spit anthrax On your cd, tape, and wax so stand back You don't really wanna jump the gun In the airless flow with punctured lungs Go 'head and stand there and bump ya gums If ya wan't the problem we can hurry up and come bury ya I'ma play the courier [Chorus: P. Diddy] special delivery!!! (I want that) Yeah come on, special delivery!!! (I need that) This is the remix, special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Ha-ha ha-ha, special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) Come on come on!!! Special delivery!!! (I want that) Yeah yeah!!! Special delivery!!! (I need that) What what!!! Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Ladies and gentlemen, Keith Murray, ahh!! (Well give it to me) [Verse 3: Keith Murray] Yo! This for my niggaz dem special delivery Bang ya head off to this, fuckin up your memory I'll shake your cradle and rock your boat Buck 50 your face and then butter your throat It don't matter where you been or where you at I'm here now and I'm bangin, kid you softer than the Queen of England Phraseologist natural philosopher wordsmith Authentical metaphorical lyricist Sharp descriptive writer, kill a biter Panty raider, party exciter Yo Murray what the deal - how ya feel? Yeah I'm gutter what I utter got you timid hesitatin like a stutter Oxymoron, don't be dumb I school niggaz like the United Negro College Fund I see you plottin schemin tryin to snake And when you do I'm a give it to you special delivery [Chorus: P. Diddy] (I want that) Special delivery!!! (I need that) This is the remix!!! Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Get wit me now come on special delivery!!!! (Well give it to me) Bad Boy baby!!! Special delivery!!! Ay yo hold up a second......this is the remix so let's bring back my man, Craig Mack [Verse 4: Craig Mack] Aiyyo you must wanna be in the Guinness Book of World Records as the dumbest motherfucker alive Figure you gon' survive You couldn't move through my terrain, even in 4-wheel drive And I'm your highness, finest You hungry? Try this, buy this, livest Uh huh, I take my rap style real serious What you think it ain't...that serious? I bang clubs and streets it's gettin hot See Mack won't stop until Mack's on top Young black america my CD drop in two thousand and two, to change hip-hop Most folks shake ya bones I'm talkin cyclones and "Terrordomes" like Mel Gib-son's My heat will cook you bwoyy, whooped you bwoyy! Mack came an shook you bwoyy, somma'bitches [P. Diddy] Somma'bitches!!! [Chorus & Outro: P. Diddy] (I want that) Take that!!! Come on!!! Special delivery!!! (I need that) Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) This is the remix!!!! Special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) G. Dep!!!! Special delivery!!! (I want that) Come on now!!! Special delivery!!! (I need that) Child of the ghetto!!! Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) 1-1-5, Harlem's Finest!!! Special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) Yeah, special delivery!!! (I want that) Alumni baby! Special delivery! (I need that) B-R, special delivery! (Can I have that?) Ghostface, special delivery, Keith Murray! (Well give it to me) Craig Mack, special delivery! (I want that) I'm that boy they call Diddy, Bad Boy baby (I need that) Yeah! Special delivery! (Can I have that?) Special delivery (Well give it to me) Special delivery... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Ginuwine, Loon, Mario Winans, Tammy Ruggieri Album: We Invented the Remix Song: I Need a Girl (Part Two) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Ginuwine] Ooooh oooooo oooooh!!! [P. Diddy] Yeah, this that bounce right here [Ginuwine] Come On Now!!! [P. Diddy] Time to move on, time to be strong Don't stop now straight to the top now [Ginuwine & Mario Winans] Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man This is what I need [Verse 1: P. Diddy] Girl you made me believe again If you happy then be with him, go 'head mami breathe again Go 'head mami breathe again, don't stop now straight to the top now Go 'head mami make it hot now I need me a love that's 'gon make my heart stop now And what I need is simple, five foot five with dimples Potential wife credentials Know about the life I'm into, life I've been through And how I had a trifilin mental So ride with me, G4 fly with me Times get hard cry with me, die with me White beach sands lie with me My advice is forget the limelight Let's make love, while we listen to Frank White So tight, now I understand life [Chorus: Ginuwine, Mario Winans & P. Diddy] What I need (P. Diddy: Yeah take that) Is a pretty woman next to me (Ginuwine: A pretty woman yeah baby) To share the dreams that I Believe (P. Diddy: Dream with me, believe in me) Maybe we could start a family (Ginuwine: Start a family baby) Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man This is what I need [Verse 2: Loon] This how we lay now what should I say now? Come on ma Been a whole day now I wanna lay 'round And sip coladas, dipped in Prada I'm smooth as Erik Estrada, dipped in dollars We out in Vegas Nevada, bubble bath in the champagne glass 'Bout the size of a campaign ad You don't know how you look to me But if love was a crime youse a crook to me Cause mami I've done been around the world, seen a lot of places Been around your girl believe I read faces I can tell she don't want me prevail But I, learned my lesson watchin Sean stressin So why listen to her and start guessin? Mami you ain't ready to ride to start dressin I need a girl receive my mom's blessin Confession, my love no contestin I need affection [P. Diddy] Yes I need affection, let's go Mario! [Mario Winans] Girl what the hell is on your mind I could be dumb but I'm not blind There's somethin leakin in your mind Don't look too good for you and me, always gettin weak That ain't what I need, baby!!! [Ginuwine & Mario Winans] What I need, is a pretty woman next to me (Mario Winans: Oh please baby) To share the dreams that I Believe (Mario Winans: I need a girl in my life) Maybe we could start a family (Ginuwine: Start a family baby) Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man This is what I need [Verse 3: P. Diddy] Aiyyo the sun don't shine forever But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together Never mind the weather, go somewhere and get our minds together Build a love that a last forever So let's stop the pain, stop the rain Put, stress to rest girl stop the games Name the spot, mami I got the plane Roll through rough, I got the range Ma I got some thangs, known to put rocks in rings Push a hundred foot yachts and thangs Your man don't play, have you ever been to Saint Tropez? Or seen a brother play a mandolay? Girl I wanna just, look in your eyes and watch the sunrise No more lies, no more tears to cry No more reasons for leavin, you I believe in Love you till the day I stop breathin, I love you girl [Chorus: Ginuwine & Mario Winans] What I need, is a pretty woman next to me (Ginuwine: Standin next to me girl) To share the dreams that I Believe (Ginuwine: When I wake up in the morning) Maybe we could start a family (Ginuwine: I wanna see your pretty face, yeah) Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man This is what I need (Tammy Ruggieri: Is that all you want?) Is a pretty woman next to me (Tammy Ruggieri: Made the sacrifice) To share the dreams that I believe (Tammy Ruggieri: And maybe maybe we) Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man This is what I need (Mario Winans: This is what I need baby) Is a pretty woman next to me (Mario Winans: Standin next to me girl) To share the dreams that I Believe (Mario Winans: When I wake up in the morning) Maybe we could start a family (Mario Winans: I wanna see your pretty face baby) Someone who truly understands, how to treat a man This is what I need The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Busta Rhymes, M.O.P. Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Bad Boy For Life (Remix) Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P. Diddy] (Busta Rhymes) Stick 'em up! As we proceed Stick em up motherfuckers! To give you what you need Put your hands in the air It's star time (Bring the fire along, c'mon) We still here (Bring the fire along, c'mon)  It's star time (Bad Boy, M.O.P., Busta Rhymes) Motherfuckers Yeah, c'mon [P. Diddy] I'm the definition of - fuck it y'all already know I stack heavy doe, sell out every show It'll never die, we live And we gon stay big time 'til it's time to see Big (B.I.G. forever!) Get a grip, Bad Boy never slip We, runnin strips while y'all runnin lips Haters wanna stop my lute They don't want me wearing Sean John, they want me wearing lawn suits P.D. increase the heat in ya streets Keep ya tapes on rewind, CD's on repeat My mental, more older, jewellery, more colder Got a lot like its '97 all over You know what I came to do; change the rules Even when I stand still I'm makin moves I, paid my dues as soon as I stepped in P. Diddy a.k.a. News at Eleven [Chorus 2x] Throw your hands up in the air now We're gonna hit you with the heat For the streets Throw your hands up in the air now We won't stop It's Bad Boy For Life [Lil' Fame] (Billy Danze) M.O.P.! Catch me walking on the wildness side of your block Yo, I bang mine, niggas showing me hood love throwing up gang signs (Yo, is that who I think it is?) You see it, Brooklyn Military remains in blazin Respect our hood because the clove is a ghetto But niggas start switchin like hoes in stilettos (It's Lil' Fame and them!) Remember them niggas from the hill up in Brownsville We still bangin 'em! Ahhhhhhhhhhh! [Billy Danze] (Lil' Fame) Sound the alarm It's the First Family and we're back to drop bombs, boom! (Napalm) Nuke those justice, it's the worlds, famous, fast Caress' street Vow, to keep the homies proud in the street To make our music loud and stomp over beats Like (ba ba bom bom ba bom bom!) There you go! Yeah, we ain't goin nowhere [Chorus 2x] [Busta Rhymes] Niggas put a hundred grand up Stand up, before I stick your bitch-ass you better put your hands up Hate if you want and front like you ain't wit it, nigga I bust your motherfucking head with a skillet, nigga More rugged nigga, heat for the track I'm like a Pick-up Truck with broken concrete in the back Now let me add a couple G's to the stack I know we got you dumb and how we put this together  And run when you didn't even see it coming Back the fire armor and pop your car Nigga watch me shatter your windshield with a rock guitar We be them zero tolerance niggas I'll turn on your ass, bitch And melt you niggas like a fire, burnin yo' ass bitch Relax bitch, the fact is we trifil with heat With cycles with lyrics right from the street I'm sayin "AS WE COME THROUGH, PUT THE SHIT DOWN" Soldiers get up, faggot niggas need to sit down, what? [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Loon, Usher Album: We Invented the Remix Song: I Need a Girl (Part One) Typed by: ShOrTy_So_SeXy@BlackPlanet.com [P. Diddy] Yeah, Yeah I need a, I want a [Usher] I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine oh mine I need a girl in my life [P. Diddy] Yo, I'm internationally known on the microphone I got it all, but I really need a wife at home I don't really like the zone, never spend the night alone I got a few, you would like to bone But, chicks that romance me don't tickle my fancy Bonin Tiffany, Nancy; that's not where my plans be Need a girl that could stand me, raise me a family Go from trips to Delancey to trips to the Grammy's cause Most of these girls be confusin me I don't know if they really love me or they usin me Here's the money, or maybe you ain't used to me Cause you was depressed and now you abusin me That's why I need a girl that be true to me Know bout the game, and know how to do to me Without a girl on my side, shit'll ruin me Forget the world girl, it's you and me [P. Diddy & Usher] Now let's ride..... [Chorus.:.Usher] I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine oh mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to be my wife Nobody else cuz she's all mine I need a girl in my life [Loon] Yo, now I have had a lot of women in my lifetime But see it's not a lot of women that got the right mind I done had pretty chicks with all the right features And hoodrat chicks that only rock sneakers Cellphones and beepers, and know how to treat ya You break her heart, she'll walk out and leave ya I find a girl, I'ma keep her Cuz now I'm gettin money and the game gettin deeper I want some real shit, I need somebody I can chill with I need somebody I can build with I need somebody I can hold tight Wintertime and its full lit, snow white Anytime we together feel so right You the girl I been lookin for my whole life God bless me, I'm glad I got the insight It's cuz of you girl, now I understand life [Loon & Usher] I need a girl... [Chorus.:.Usher] I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine oh mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to be my wife Nobody else cuz she's all mine I need a girl in my life [P. Diddy] I had a girl that would've died for me Didnt 'preciate her so I made her cry for me Every night she had tears in her eyes for me Caught a case, shorty took the whole ride for me At first we were friends then became lovers You was more than my girl, we was like brothers All night we would play fight under covers Now you gone, can't love you like I really wanna But everytime I think about your pretty smile And how we used to drive the whole city wild Damn I wish you would've had my child A pretty little girl wit Diddy's style; this shit is wild All them days that I reminisce About the way that I used to kiss the pretty lips But as long as you happy, I'ma tell you this I love you girl and you're the one that I will always miss I love you, yeah [Chorus.:.Usher] I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine oh mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to be my wife Nobody else cuz she's all mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine oh mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to be my wife Nobody else cuz she's all mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to make my wife I need a girl who's mine oh mine I need a girl in my life I need a girl to ride, ride, ride I need a girl to be my wife Nobody else cuz she's all mine I need a girl in my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ashanti f/ Notorious B.I.G. Album: We Invented the Remix (P. Diddy) Song: Unfoolish Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * The Notorious B.I.G. lyrics in this song are actually from  "Fuck You Tonight" off the _Life After Death_ double-LP. [Chorus: Ashanti and (Notorious B.I.G.) ] See, my days are cold without you (Here's another one) But I'm hurtin' while I'm with you (And another one) And though my heart can't take no more I can't keep runnin' back to you See, my days are cold without you (Here's another one) But I'm hurtin' while I'm with you (And another one) And though my heart can't take no more (Uh) I can't keep runnin' back to you (Uh, uh, uh) (Here's another one, what) [Ashanti] I think about my strength to finally get up and leave No more broken heart for me No more tellin' your lies to me (And another one) I'm lookin' like I got my head on right, so now I see No more givin' you everything There's no more takin' my love from me [Ashanti] I'm glad to wake up every day without you on my brain (Uh) No more where you're laid up at night No more havin' to fuss and fight I'm proud to say (And another one) That I will never make (And another one) the same mistake No more thinkin' bout what you do There's no more me runnin' back to you [Notorious B.I.G.] Some say the X, make the sex Spec-tacular, make me lick you from ya neck To yo back, then ya, shiverin', tongue deliverin' Chills up that spine, that ass is mine Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight If it's alright with you, we fuckin' (That's cool) Deja vu, the blunts sparked, finger fuckin' in the park Pissy off Bacardi Dark Remember when I used to play between yo legs You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head Straight to yo mother's bed At the Mariott, we be lucky if we find a spot Next to yo sister, damn I really missed the Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that Way she used to giggle when yo ass would wiggle Now I know you used to suites at the Parker Meridian Trips to the Carribean, but tonight, no ends [Ashanti] You must be used to me cryin', cryin' While you're out bumpin' and grindin' (And another one) But I'm leavin' you tonight See, my days are cold without you But I'm hurtin' while I'm with you And though my heart can't take no more I can't keep running back to you You must be used to me cryin', cryin' (Uh, and another one) While you're out bumpin' and grindin' But I'm leavin' you tonight (Uh, and another one) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ 112, Beanie Sigel Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Dance With Me (Remix) Typed by: mack69daddy_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to typist [P. Diddy] Bad Boy Let's dance (7x) Yo, everybody report to the dance floor Report to the dance floor Bad Boy baby 112, Beanie Sigel Here we go! [Beanie Sigel] God damn, guess who stepped up in the place? The kid with two rubbers on his waist Two steppin' to the base and I don't usually step up in the place I usually pull that lead out, ready to get a lead out But damn, since I stepped up in the place I'm try'na touch you, squeeze you, tell you what's the case Before I bust, you squeeze, outta telly and a case of Cris' I'm tryin' to take you to the telly, bust in ya ffffff Tryin' to lure me out on the dance floor I'm tryin' to get it twirly on the dance floor Everything remains the same, might spit-talk to it Then "Change The Game", might Crip-Walk to it But never Harlem shake it, Harlem make it, Harlem break it Dawg, I ain't hardly made this You talkin' to one of Roc's finest And do rewind this; it's Bad Boy's finest! [Slim] I can see over there, just chillin' with your girlfriends Can't believe your by yourself, you should be here with me Chillin' with me, drinkin' with me, freakin' with me [Chorus: 112] I see you lookin' at me I can tell by your eyes that you're feelin' me And I really want you to get close to me So would ya, dance with me, dance with me? My drop-top's in the parking lot And I wanna take you back to my spot But we still got a little more time to rock So would ya, dance with me, dance with me? [Slim] I can see it in your eyes that you're lookin' at the time You wanna leave this party and I know you wanna leave with me Touch her with me, to drink with me, to freak with me Oh baby! [Chorus 2x] [Bridge] Oh baby, won't you come with me? On to the dance floor 'Cause you're lookin' so sexy I just want you to come home with me So that it could be just you and me But before we go I just want you to come dance with me [Daron] If you're sexy and ya know it, clap yo' hands (2x) And if you're sexy and ya know it, and you really wanna show it If you're sexy and ya know it, clap yo' hands [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ 112, Ludacris Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Peaches & Cream (Remix) Typed by: rufendz21@hotmail.com [Intro: P. Diddy] Yo, yo, yo, yo, 2001 This is the remix (Won't stop) 112 (Can't Stop) Def Jam, Bad Boy, yeah This is the remix, Ludacris come on [Ludacris] (P. Diddy) Ludacris like 'em shaken not stirred (yeah) wakin up blurred (uh-huh) Walk butt-naked (what) talk, speech slurred (that's right) Necks get squeezed and I can't breathe (come on) Stop then SWITCH; next, get me (that's right) Hon', you kinda taste like lemon merangue (lemon merangue) So nice I add spice with the cinnamon thang Make ya pull your own hair out Make ya body go flat, get the spares out Well, smack lips, smack hips, make 'em backflip (that's right) Cake mix, fingerlickin-like tactics, tongue gymnastics Good head make ya eyes ROLL BACK '12 on the track so you can't HOLD BACK Hot bread and butter, peach and cream (come on) I only reach for the peach if it's peachy clean (that's right) I only reach for your spot and release the steam (come on) A-town, we release the kings (yeah, this is the remix) [Slim of 112] (P. Diddy): Let me tell you what I wanna do (yeah) Let me show you that I'm feelin' you (uh-huh) Wanna sex, wanna ride with you (come on) Wanna kiss, wanna put my lips all over you (I like this) Can't get enough of you (come on) Always thinkin' of you (yeah) So sweet, so very wet, so good girl you make me sweat [Hook - 112] (P. Diddy) Girl I'm talkin' 'bout peaches and cream (say what) I need it 'cause you know that I'm a fiend Gettin' freaky in my Bentley limousine It's even better when it's with ice cream (uh huh) Know what I mean? Peaches and cream I need it 'cause you that I'm fiend (uh huh) Gettin' freaky in my Bentley limousine It's even better when it's with ice cream Know what I mean? Peaches and cream [Q of 112] (P. Diddy) Never thought that I would be (yeah) So addicted to you (come on) On top, underneath, on the side of you Better yet baby, inside of you (feel me?) Love the way you juice flowin' down (yeah) And I can feel it all around (come on) In the front, in the back of you (yeah) Oooh I love the taste you, girl you know what I'm talkin' 'bout [Hook] [Mike of 112] (P. Diddy): Don't stop 'cause you know I can't get enough (come on) Wanna taste it in the mornin' when I'm wakin' up (come on) Like peach cobbler in my stomach when I eat it up (come on) Got your legs around my neck so I can't get up See, them boys 112, we from the A... A!!! (ATL) And when it comes to eatin' peaches shorty, we don't play.... PLAY!!! So all the ladies in the house if ya peach's the shit Put ya hands in the air, represent ya clit, get it? [P. Diddy]: This is the dance break This the remix Just want you to just... Just, just, just bounce to this Yeah, come on Can I get a lick? Come on, yeah, can I get a lick? Yeah, yeah, come on [Hook] [P. Diddy]: Bad Boy baby, Mario Winans P. Diddy Q, Mike, Slim, Daron - 112 This is the remix The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ P. Diddy Album: No More Drama 12" Song: No More Drama (Remix) Typed by: wick_63@hotmail.com [P. Diddy] Here we go again Yeah, that's right Here we go again Ha Ha, yeah This is the remix Back together again Let's go Mary [Mary] All the love we gave The loving that we made Then you went away (that's right) So I had to pray See a brighter day Cause silence let us pray Now I'm moving on to get away from all this pain I feel (I feel) Better than I felt before (so much better) Cause there's no more drama knocking at my door I feel Better than I felt before Cause there's no more drama in my life no more No More No More No More [Diddy] This is the remix I like this, come'on [Mary] It's looking better now A brand new love I found I finially figured out What love is all about And now I'm on my way And all I have to say Is there'll be no crying and I truely believe that [Bridge] It's time To realize (people it's time) It's up  To you and I Love is what you make it If you don't give up the fight All this really means Assuring me Believe in all you dream [P. Diddy] Eh yo Mary I don't think they ready for this one Yo it's the D I D again, D to the weezy Been in the game twelve years it ain't easy Been in dem things got game that so breezy Spendin' them things with a chain that's so freezy Please believe me, TV need me As far as the CD, pump that on GP What's the 411 hun, it's PD MJB collabo with BB Period, no question no comma Your hearing is no vest and no armour Bring it to cats like Bush to Osama Sippin on vu, make moves and no scama Word to my mama Can't deal with the trama That why a nigga stay in the Bahamas Laying in pajamas Two sexy mamas Bodyguards, topguns, two extra lamas I don't want no drama [Chorus: 2x] No more, no more, no more No more drama y'all It's so hard But I got to say No more,I said no more, no more No more, no more, no more (Diddy) This is the remix Mary J Blige No more drama BadBoy bady Diddy, Yellowman, Hitmen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Cheri Dennis Album: We Invented the Remix Song: So Complete (Remix) Typed by: whiteboy88011@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [P. Diddy] Uh Yeah Diddy Cheri Dennis Bad Boy La Familia The saga baby Before I met you couldn't take stress 'Cause after BIG died my nigga Mase less And that's when I started havin faithless 'Cause Black Rob he on trial and I escaped death Still in your tape (yeah) still gettin hate threats Still gotta take that Still gettin sued for money I ain't even make yet Without you girl I'm incomplete I can't lie ma I'm in too deep And yo I know we don't get to spend time together Just you and me nevermind the cheddar And though we barely speak on the phone Could tell by your tone, you hate bein home all alone And I wish I could sleep witcha Roll around in the streets witcha No fans hold hands on the beach witcha Girl I'd do anything just to be witcha On the real 'cause i feel so complete witcha Yeah, talk to me girl [Cheri Dennis] I remember what you said when you said it to me last night We was talkin and you reassured me everything's fine When I woke up this morning to get some lovin from you I turned to one side to my surprise, I wasn't layin next to you m'mm Why did you get close to me Thought it was supposed to be Me you you me so complete Why you handelin me this way What was it you was talkin yesterday Yesterday, I could say, I seemed to be So complete so complete [chorus] Went away you said nothing You didn't no kiss no lovin You didn't it's a shame But it brings about the weak in me You didn't spend a lot of time with me You didn't share things I wanna see You didn't when ever you're around me it's so complete [Cheri Dennis] So I waited and I waited  'cause I knew that you would call Hours 1 hours 2 hours 3 hours not at all If I'm dreamin wake me up 'Cause I just about had enough, I had enough I cannot see how you would ever let this happen to me oowoowoo I still believe that it was supposed to be Me you you me so complete If you're sayin that you need to leave Then be a man about it step to me Step to me, tell me please That without me it's so complete, so complete [chorus] [Cheri Dennis] Won't you tell me right now what you want from me What you want from me 'Cause it's been too long that you've held it in baby Held it in Thought you were the one but you just played me You know you played me Now I feel that I'm so incomplete Yeah hoo hoo yeah yeah [chorus] [Cheri Dennis] Please, give me the response I need I want you to complete me, ohh baby Pleas, give me all the lovin I need Promise you'll never leave me whoa baby [Outro] Baby what more can I say 'Cause I want you to tell me What it is you wanna do 'Cause I wanna be with you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Notorious B.I.G. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Yo, check it Call Lil' Cease Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital man fuck that Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez and go take about like twenty G's from Gino Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe) Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick (Bad Boy Big, c'mon) The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery but the nurses is lovin me Sayin the best part of the day is my half Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath Niggaz say I died dead in the streets Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach Chillin, sittin on about half a million With all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women Next two years, I should see about a billion All for the love of drug dealin Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them) Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right) All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes Raw flows, and that's how it goes [Puff Daddy] 	NOTORIOUS! C'mon.. we are, we are 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is.. he is.. 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! This for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin That shit with the V-trim that win and the enormous fields disperse of rap On the road to the riches more furs to drag More niggaz to kill, than birds to bag Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?" Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal Niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right) Funny how quick these pricks forget Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right) It's all good, you know who the clone is Fuck the Joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the Combses [Puff Daddy] C'mon y'all.. 	NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. (what's his name) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! [Lil' Kim] Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim? The Notorious K-I to the M That's me, on MTV, no doubt Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck! Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone Things done changed, but we continue to reign as the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I. Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos We takin over like Francis Switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor! [Puff Daddy] She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah 	NOTORIOUS! 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are ..  Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. Bad Boy 2000 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..) and he won't stop 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Black Rob, G. Dep, Missy Elliott, Snoop Dogg Album: We Invented the Remix Song: That's Crazy (Remix) Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Black Rob] (P. Diddy) Y'all ain't ready (The saga continues) The tootsie roll (We still here, keep it up, keep it up) Yo, PD, Bad Boy, Alumni, BR (keep it up, keep, keep, keep it up) [Black Rob] I had this bad bitch uptown, she was whoa! (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Almost had me pushing up daisies (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Had some big nigga with keys to the crib (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Just came home from doing a bid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now how you ain't gon change the locks? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Didn't sit there and call the cops (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Got up out the back door like whoa! (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Hop in the Excursion with sixteen wheels (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yeah you love it how we huggin the curb (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus it's jumpin off up in the spot (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Boobie cat, lapdance with kid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus the similin chick put in the bid (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the driver smoking chron (OH THAT'S CRAZY) If he crash, then we all gone (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck it, pump the sound to ten (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Catch BR on the cover of Spin (OH THAT'S CRAZY) [Chorus: Black Rob] Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [Missy Elliott] Just broke up where this kid is stayin (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause I found out he was a One Minute Man (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I'm like, dad, can you get my freak on? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause he couldn't last one minute long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I'm like boy, don't you know I'm addictive? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Admit this the lines that I spit is ridiculous (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Oh, how dare he play me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Told him next time he want to fuck me, pay me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause I been waiting too damn long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And I know if ya scared bring that tired ass home (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Oh, man ya know that's crazy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I need to find out if ya feel what I'm saying (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [P. Diddy] You had the nerve to say I had a gun (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man for twelve years I had to run (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And ain't a threat in my family, dogg (THAT'S CRAZY) Courthouse got my name in the law (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And they ain't care if my name Sean John? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Or about the movie star chick on my arm (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Even had foul shit to say to my moms (OH THAT'S CRAZY) They even called the office to say it's a bomb (OH THAT'S CRAZY) But yet, I'm supposed to be so calm? (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Tavis Smiley, I killed him with the charm (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yeah, looked like there wasn't nothin' wrong (OH THAT'S CRAZY) That's how it is when you in the game so long (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, we been had the keys to the city (OH THAT'S CRAZY) From now on, it's no Puff, just Diddy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, New York never looked so pretty (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Can't picture NY without no Diddy (OH THAT'S CRAZY), oh no! Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [G. Dep] Yo, how Dep ain't on, that's crazy (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man, I wouldn't miss this if ya paid me (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Come through man, pop the lock (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Fuck cops, we watch the block (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Yo, we hustle when them cameras is hidden (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I did a bitch, still puttin my bid in (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Shit, it's hard to get one red cent (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And they charging this high ass rent (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And now my back pocket starting to leak (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Somebody get this nigga something to eat (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I got a meal when I signed my deal (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Plus trains, planes, and automobiles (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the bank done stretching my credit (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Now the boobies got a G. Dep fetish (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Thousand dollar honeys givin me leather (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Over-respect due to "Let's Get It" (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on [Snoop Dogg] Waking up with a braud (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And I don't even know her name, dogg (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I'm on the run from the law (OH THAT'S CRAZY) These fools runnin up and chickens raw (OH THAT'S CRAZY) It's a G from the streets (OH THAT'S CRAZY) That fool working with the police (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Don't bring that fool around me no more (OH THAT'S CRAZY) And to think he tried to sell me some glo (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Good thing I had my head on straight (OH THAT'S CRAZY) So I'ma snake his little freak on a date (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Went straight to the mizzel, tizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I drove straight past my hizzel, dizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) It's a slizzel nizzel fa shizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) On the wizzel fa dizzel (OH THAT'S CRAZY) I do a verse for a sweat suit and a G (OH THAT'S CRAZY) Cause it's all in the motherfucking family (OH THAT'S CRAZY) [Chorus 3x] Man it's alright, hold tight Watch out, push it on tonight It's crazy Don't hold back I'ma put it where it 'pose to be at And that's non-stop and party-hoppin, it's on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Carl Thomas, Notorious B.I.G. Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Woke Up This Morning (Remix) Typed by: webmaster@notoriousonline.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: Carl Thomas] Woke up in the morning, you were not there All I seen was an imprint of your head In my pillow, weeping willow Why'd I treat you so bad I should of known one day that you'd be gone You should of known one day that I'd be gone You should of known one day that we'd be [Verse One by Carl Thomas] Why did you have to be this way Baby all you had to say Is that you were sick and tired of the man I began to be But you planned a great escape Bright and early before I wake We both knew we had to break You could of chose a better way [Chorus: Carl Thomas] Woke up in the morning, you were not there All I seen was an imprint of your head In my pillow, weeping willow Why'd I treat you so bad I should of known one day that you'd be gone You should of known one day that I'd be gone You should of known one day that we'd be [Verse Two: Carl Thomas] It was cold the way you left Still the pain is in my chest Because in my heart I felt you should of came and talked to me If you put away your pride And look deep into my eyes It would of been to your surprise That I got up to apologize But you were gone [Chorus: Carl Thomas 2x] Woke up in the morning, you were not there All I seen was an imprint of your head In my pillow, weeping willow Why'd I treat you so bad I should of known one day that you'd be gone You should of known one day that I'd be gone You should of known one day that we'd be [Break: Carl Thomas] Oh I thought we had forever, now it's gone It's time to carry on I thought that you made me happy But it's this thing that's come between us girl At one time you were my world Now it seems it's gone away, gone away [The Notorious B.I.G. - Rap Verse] (Uhh)I dreams filthy My moms and pops mixed in with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey Huh, what a set up Shoulda pushed em dead off, wipe the sweat off Uhh, cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin "Bastard!" Cryin, know my friends is lying Y'all know who killed em' filled em' with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot Giving cats the opposite of diets You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me Shit, I need the company (uh-huh) Apologies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest Silencers so you can't hear it Competition still fear it, shit, don't ask me I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still [Chorus By Carl Thomas 4x..music fades out] Woke up in the morning, you were not there All I seen was an imprint of your head In my pillow, weeping willow Why'd I treat you so bad I should of known one day that you'd be gone You should of known one day that I'd be gone You should of known one day that we'd be The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Faith Evans, G. Dep Album: We Invented the Remix Song: You Gets No Love (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Intro: Faith Evans (P. Diddy) Uh, uh-uh, (There's another one) What-what (And another one) This is the remix (There's another one) Ha ha I know it's not too ghetto (And another one, Bad Boy) I know it's not too ghetto Pedigree (Pedigree baby) I said I know it's not to ghetto Donaway (Faith, Faithfully, the remix) You better, check yourself respect yourself You better go for self because I flow for self [Verse 1: Faith Evans] I'll tell you why there's no love, simply you're not cool enough For what we had between us, don't you know you lost my trust People ask me where you've been (Where you've been) And I tell them were just friends (Tell them we're just friends) Cause it's so obvious that it's never gonna work for us No no oh no (No) Played with my emotions (Played) You gets no devotion (And you gets no love, gets no love) You can't get no love from me You can't even be my friend (Be my friend) And you gets no love again Whatever you do it will come back to you bitch (You gets no love from me) [Verse 2: Faith Evans] Tell you why we can't hook up (You gets no love) Cause I had about enough (You gets no love) Hearin all the lies you tell (You gets no love) Boy I thought I knew you well People think that your my man (People think that your my man) They don't even understand (They don't even understand) Just because I let you get some that don't make you the one We ain't even in love (You know you played with my....) [Chorus: Faith Evans] Played with my emotions You gets no devotion You gets no love, you can get no love from me You can't even be my friend (Can't be my friend) And you gets no love again Whatever you do it will come back to you bitch Bridge: Faith Evans (P. Diddy) (P.Diddy: Yo! Faith let 'em know!!) You better, rock my shit don't knock my shit Because I got the shit that make you cop my shit I know y'all sick of this Bad Boy diva That blows and plus got flows ridiculous You better, rock my shit don't knock my shit Because I got the shit that make you cop my shit It's the chick from the bricks that got the hot shit Left you sick from the single now check the remix Boy you had a clue, thought we had a cool relationship But you couldn't handle it (You couldn't handle it) [Verse 3: G. Dep] (P.Diddy) Yo! At the end of the day what a playa 'gon do? (Badboy) You got love for me, It's how supposed to be Same love I'm a land on you (Come on) Right back at you it's only natural So what I'm gon' do? Me Everything love ain't always lovely Leave it all up to me, I'll be livin in luxury, sucker free Without no lies without no ties to those that patronize That's why I don't socialize I eat, shit, even sleep with open eyes Just, give me that gasoline I'll move in the jag few bags of green Couple ads in the magazine All freezy and I'm easy G Deezy one Played with my emotions, you gets no devotion Whatever you do it will come back to you bitch You can't even be my friend, cause you gets no love again Can't even be my friend, and you gets no love again [Outro] You played with my emotions and you gets no devotion Can't even be my friend, and you gets no love again You played with my emotions and you gets no devotion Can't even be my friend, and you gets no love again [Chorus: Faith Evans] Played with my emotions You gets no devotion You gets no love, you can get no love from me You can't even be my friend (Can't be my friend) And you gets no love again Whatever you do it will come back to you bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy Album: Press Play Song: Testimonial (Intro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] I need y'all to hear me out there Can y'all hear me out there? Uhh Through blocks and boroughs, cops is plottin Snakes slither while hustlers chop they product Foreign cars exotic, got hoes hypnotic While I cruise through the concrete, blowin my chronic And I move like a diplomat, hoodie and fitted caps Dwell in the habitat where cons and killers at Faced a thousand deaths, cowards'll bow to the feet of the almighty, a God to the black child I told moms I would be somethin I gave myself to the world now it's like you owe me somethin Listen up, I got a story to tell It's like I fell out of heaven just to walk through hell It's what, fueled my fire, ignited my desire You gave me the bricks and the sand to build the empire Throw the seal on my forehead, my faith still strong With all I've been through, you would think my faith gone But nope, I hold my stance in stone I move mountains with my will and succeed that's how I keep goin Won't stop been the motto, feelin rich like I won the lotto It's almost like seein through the eyes of a crack child Dodgin crisis, three strike system niggaz trapped in a vice grip You can't defeat me, I defy all odds and sabotages I survived Reagan, I survived the first Bush Thinkin back when my moms gave that first push Thank God for my life I came through the room Until the evil of part two, when God gave me a sequel Rags to royal, momma hand her hands in soil Pops moved drugs in capsules and foils I foiled your plans and made you aware And turned America's dream into a nightmare Yeah, you feel the vibe muh'fuckers The first B.I., "Ready to Die" muh'fuckers So "Who Shot Ya," 9 to 5 muh'fuckers "Bad Boy for Life," is I muh'fuckers And it's back, better than it ever was I'm talkin like we was gone but we never was So I deliver the truth uncut We produce more hits got the booth fucked up On top of the statue yellin "Who want what?" For the past ten years, the future is us (C'mon man) Eyes closed like I'm blowin reefer The preview is over, now enjoy the future Niggaz I wanna thank y'all for believin in me for so long Thank y'all for ridin with a nigga As we continue on! You are now listenin to the sounds Of the world famous... you know my name You know my name The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Jack Knight Album: Press Play Song: We Gon' Make It Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Baby this is your last dance; you know how you do it There's no nigga like you and there'll never be another nigga like you Put your foot on these motherfuckers necks Do it to 'em daddy, do it to 'em [Diddy] As my, Daytons spin lowrider sittin low Hittin corners so hard you can taste my rims Hard top six-four, I'm Diddy no tint I can't hide in New York City I'm 'bout it in the South, sleep good in the West Know a chick from Watts with Bad Boy tatted on her breast I done been there and did it (I done been there and did it) Ten years without gettin sweat inside my Yankee fitted 1990-Raw I showed you ice You ain't know who Jacob was so I showed you twice When it was +All About the Benjamins+ I had two bezels on my arm Like a Don's supposed to, Sean Ride with a chaffeur in Gucci loafers And switch to All Stars without losin focus These rap niggaz hopeless (hopeless) you can change the locks but I'ma shine for niggaz that ain't know Big [Chorus: Jack Knight] Do, seem, like, my, fu-ture's, here, nowwwww It feels good to see the sun in the mornin I'm tired of feelin that the people are talkin I heard a rumor that things ain't changin But Lord knows that we gon' make it Oooooooooooooooooooh [Diddy - over Chorus] The world famous As we proceed To give you what you need It's been so long It's been so real So magnificent, thank you [Diddy] Tell me who shot Big (who shot Big) And take the bullets out of 2Pac's ribs (take 'em out) If I could I would reverse the car, reverse the beef Put it all in a pot and boil it on a D. Dot beat (hit me baby) Sometimes I get drunk, for stress relief Other times I put "Life After Death" on and peep We ride (we ride) what's a four door Bentley Coupe without my nigga on the passenger side? And still I try (I try) to get money stay fly Finish the race, holdin my crown high (take that) I fly next to God, my eyes on the prize Been away a long time but now I'm reenergized (AS WE PROCEED) The life and times of a mastermind (c'mon) Dedicate every breath to claim my designs (it's mine) And the day I die, let a G4 fly and dump my ashes over N.Y. [Diddy - over Chorus] Y'all know my name, y'all know my motherfuckin name I told you I was gon' be great ma I TOLD YOU I WAS GON' BE SOMEBODY! Ohhh!! Feel so good Feel so free Put your fists in the air, AOWWWW!! [Diddy] I'm the King of all Kings, I abide by no rules and do what I do by any means (c'mon) Call him necessary, the great visionary Born extrordinary, a life legendary Who else put flows out, that put clothes out Flee the cold weather, short sleeves with my toes out Nine-six Big showed me what to do But deep in my heart, this is "No Way Out II" (let's rock) I spend absurd money, private bird money That Bill Gates, Donald Trump, Bloomberg money (you know what it is) Old habits die hard, the Vanguard award winner New York torch gripper, O.G. of the floss nigga I'm seein visions like I did a bag of angel dust This is life when you black rich and dangerous I'm with God, I'ma live on forever Bad Boy for life bitch, nobody does it better (nobody) [Diddy - over Chorus] Y'all know my name, y'all know my motherfuckin name I'm in the best shape of my life! Y'all know my name, y'all know my motherfuckin name YEAH! YOU CREATED THIS MONSTER! IT'S SO INSPIRATIONAL, IT'S SO REAL BAD BOY BITCH! [Outro] So there y'all have it Words from a wise, great King We love it when you speak the truth daddy Don't ever stop, please Don't ever stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy Album: Press Play Song: I Am (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] It only gets stronger (it only gets stronger) It only gets more intense (it only gets more intense) All the pressure's on your neck (you feel me, you feel me) So Bad Boy (so Bad Boy) I'm richer bitch! Yeah, yeah I got a brand new flow man, soul cleansed Got a brand new soul man Cause lightning struck my plane's wings and energized my things Now I'm out lookin for that brass ring Uhh, New York feel it in they gut Cause if Jay comin back then the world need Puff Emotional bond to the game I'm attached I gave most of you dudes life, now give back (give back) I'm the man that beefed with a whole coast Lost my best friend and still see his ghost (c'mon) Your lawsuit is lost, I walk through courts (uh-huh) So disrespectful I spit when I talk (woo!) I recognize niggaz tryin to copy my style But never been a nigga this fly holdin it down for this long Nigga I let y'all eat for this long Now the King's back on the streets crack I'ma put it on my son's name I'ma change from the mundane, Monday through Sunday Lved through the gunplay now I'm in one lane Fuckin with the white man, gettin on my fun shame Can't com-plain, fly as I ever been Half a ounce sniffer, high as I ever been Never no losses, I'm a winner The boss of all bosses, I'M THAT NIGGA~!! It only gets stronger It only gets more intense All the pressure's on your neck You feel me! So Bad Boy I'M RICHER BITCH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy Album: Press Play Song: The Future Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] I can't hear you! I like it when you say my name  {*"The Fu-The Fu-The-Future-ture-ture-ture-ture..."*} Y'all gon' love me Feelin it's about to get ugly Inject this dose of the future Tap them veins, grab hold, let me shoot ya Mainline this new Diddy heroin The Afro-American dream is too evident The potential to be the first black President iTunes, download me in every resident Early, I skip break-fast Nigga be on his grind like he need new brake pads We in the hood like black soap and dollar vans My CD's in 3-D, holograms The future, y'all need to holla man The live show's a hard act to follow man Bronze my likeness, y'all need to follow him From now to 3000, I'll be a problem man The future Always before you  {*"The Fu-The Fu-The-Future-ture-ture-ture-ture..."*} Always ill With my demeanor, flip, assemble my own team to Say fuck FEMA in case there's another Katrina And you, laughed at the past, said I was a dreamer But it's, back to the future, sold out arenas We, take 'em to the cleaners, calm ya nerves This is the man who provided more jobs for blacks than armed services (Let's go) Cut them corners, stay ahead of them sharp curvages Yeah, ya heard of us, hits stay superflous Man, I extend credit to a vagabond Run yo' city, and we not talkin marathons Bang like chitty chitty here to disturb you New CD, watch it spread like bird flu America, fall back, you can't stop me Got a thing for pigeon-toed chicks who walk knock-kneed Skin-tight jeans we call that botoxied I'm desensitized baby, you can't shock me I'm the future Always before you  {*"The Fu-The Fu-The-Future-ture-ture-ture-ture..."*} Always ill I went from, blocks to greater to fortunes rock related Now my entire crib is voice activated Television on, Mr. Combs is home Solar panel rooftop my, kitchen is chrome Dim the lights to a purple haze then answer the phone (Hello?) Peep the moon through my retractable dome What they thought they assassinated was only a clone We about to venture off into the unknown (let's go) Where sunrays hook off layers of ozone Chips inserted in the brain, the new cell phone The future, fuck with me now I'm Grammy certified the committee can pick me now And they all green with envy like Bill Bixby Bow down, kiss the tip of my cane, I paid sixty thou' You know the suit stay crispy now Hands to the sky and get ready if you wit me now The future Never seen before, never will Always before you, always ill I AM!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy Album: Press Play Song: Hold Up Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] Aiyyo turn me up in my headphones man I want this shit motherfuckin blarin It ain't loud enough man Oh these muh'fuckers think I'm gon' play with 'em Oh I ain't gon' play wit'cha - I ain't gon play wit'cha man! Ha ha ha.. I need y'all to sing children Sing, I like it when the children sing I like it when you sing; I like it when they sing man That lets you know something's comin Oh it's comin - aww man something's comin I like this sound of this - something's comin You can picture like a photograph, envision the image Of one-two-fifth street and Lenox The old folks their souls are cold like tenants Tryin to keep your weight up better eat that spinach For four twenty-five niggaz lives get diminished The world serious, I'm tryin to win a pennant Cops be on patrol through the block every minute Itchin just to pop somethin, swearin I'm a menace They disturb me but it's love like tennis Man, cap to the side and my jersey is vintage Chicks'll make a nigga dick hard like a Guinness Damn it's a scam but I handle my business Tryin to be the man if the Lord be my witness Do my {?} with the walk sign for my physical fitness 16's sicker than all signed flows it's ridiculous Hold up [Chorus: children sing] Told y'all really really y'all can't hold up Told y'all really really y'all can't hold up Told y'all really really y'all can't hold up Hold up, hold up hold up hold up hold up [Diddy] Easy now I'm seein 'em, mind where you patrol Fall back young'un, play your lane like a goal When his majesty speaks, speech defy gravity Bluetooth nigga but I don't have any cavities Diddy got it wrapped like cocoons Pop shit like needles through {?} balloons I urge you to tell a friend, warn a brother About my splurges, merges with Warner Brothers Thugs actin funny cause chicks call me honey See a 9 figure nigga makin Bugs Bunny money Eons beyond bling bling So I chose to get engaged to these sweet 16's Make a name, let it bang so beautiful The theme music for crews that move pharmaceuticals Or, suitable for, a recuitable whore To service the whole crew when we out on tour Hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up [Diddy] It's like the music will literally stop time (Hold up hold up hold up) We roll up, 20 deep, cock D swoll up Get inflicted by my verbal conviction A Bad Boy but far from a Detroit Piston You're not focused enough, you're not listenin You need to slow down, hold up like kickstand Hop to it, get on your grind music Across 110th sharp caesar with a lime music Fine-tuned with the proper soul seasoning Your live shows are boring you're just not pleasin 'em Stop teasin 'em you can't rock Palladium We bring New York back like that West side stadium Fuck the game and if the fame went away Still be the hardest workin man in entertainment today Learn a lesson and that's, no questionin that No guesswork involved so stop stressin the facts Hold up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Nicole Scherzinger (Pussycat Dolls) Album: Press Play Song: Come to Me Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Nicole] + (Diddy) It's Bad Boy bitch Do it do it do it do it Do it do it do it do it (It feels good to be back, I missed ya) Relax your mind, let your conscious be free And I roll with the sounds of BBE Do it do it do it do it Do it do it do it do it (You know what time it is) (Report to the dance floor) It's bad boy bitch (Talk to 'em) [Nicole] See you laughing with one of my eye Leanin on the wall lookin fly I want you to come be with me You're the only one I wanna talk to But I don't wanna rush [Chorus - Nicole] I'm here when will you make your move? I see you, I am me, I want cha, why don't cha Come to me, I can be, what you need, uh baby I'm standin, been waitin, I'm yearnin, I'm burnin Come to know me, come and get to know me Come to show me, that you wanna know me [Diddy] You know who it is, I'm back in the building Security strapped, still stackin a million Stunt with a stallion, somethin Italian Or maybe Puerto Rican, you can catch me in Paris I'm in it to win it but willin to carry The game, if you think I'm not, look at the carats Hop up clean up outta the Phantom The people go screamin like an opera anthem (let's go) I did it before, do it again I got it to blow, got it to spend Fly as befo', cool as the wind Got hits go back like Juicy Jin, yeah Sunday best and diamond necklace My extravagant taste, the style perplexes They know I'm the shit, they wanna get next That's why she havin a fit cause she wanted to get next [Diddy] + (Nicole) Anywhere I appear, they all stop and stare Admire your body language speakin loud and clear like (I want you to come be with me) She be waitin anticipatin for oh so long Fantasising wild thoughts of me comin on like (I'm here when will you make your move) She diggin my style, my swag, my suede, my swerve My way with words, the boy's absurd for sure You can't fall 'til my aura called her I make miracles like I walk on water What you want mama order, it's on my tab I'm so bad with the cash, I dropped a whole bag Where you at girl? [Nicole] I'm here in love, can't wait no more no You were the one who stole my heart Can't you see the way to sober I need you to come closer Please believe is getting stormy You really got me hot [Diddy and Nicole] Do it do it do it do it Do it do it do it do it Why don't cha come to me I can be, what you need uh baby I'm here, you're here, let's make it happen Do it do it do it do it Do it do it do it do it Relax your mind, let your conscious be free And I roll with the sounds of BBE Do it, do it You know what this is It's Bad Boy bitch Press Play! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Christina Aguilera Album: Press Play Song: Tell Me Typed by: theboy_king@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Can you feel me Do that - do that - do it Do that - do that - do it Do that- do that- do it Do that- do that- do it Get on the dance floor Can you feel me [Diddy] Yeah yeah yeah Lets play a game lets pretend for a second you don't know who I am and what I do, lets just put it do the side I can feel your heart beating I can hear you breathing Look into your eyes, try to see into your mind See into your soul See no limits, to the levels me and you can go When it's me that is in control But it's something 'bout you that make me wanna change I like the way you dance and the way you play the game I like the way you take away the pain The way you tell me that you want it, not saying a thing The way you got me going got me goin, out of my brain See us going at it, goin in and out of them lanes I don't want your innocence I don't want you to stutter I don't want a committment And I don't want you to suffer I don't want your number Baby I want you to wonder Want you to come up lookin like it's somethin you wanna [Christina] Tell me what you thinkin about when got me waiting patiently Usually I don't have to wait for nobody But there's somethin bout you that really got me feelin weak And I'm tryin to find the words to speak Boy I got my eyes on you Tell me what you wanna do I can picture you in my room Until the mornin I don't even know your name Boy I need to know your name I'm hopin that you feel the same Tell me if you want it I know you gonna like it (I know) So tell me how you want it (tell me) and you dont have to fight (you know) Cause baby you're invited (baby) I know you gonna like it (I know) So tell me how you want it (tell me) But you dont have to FIGHT it..you know baby you're INVITED.. babe Tell me ... [Diddy] Ya dreams fulfilled, you rockin wit the best Unforgivable, I'ma put ya limits to the test You're pulsating, ya heart is beating out of your chest You're hyperventilating, tryin to catch your breath (DONT STOP) I'm the first I'm the next I'm the end I'm the pulse and of course I'll make ya my thing Look how I approach you, look how I expose you Look how I've studied every move, now I know you I don't wanna control you, I wanna console you And do everything that I told you (I told you) get high wit me, come touch the sky wit me Fly wit me, see, like the new wiser me? (DONT STOP) I'm the dream, I'm the one I'm the reason you come, I'm a king I'm a hum, im a beast I'm the last thing your eyes see the passion beside me is yours now come try me [Christina] Tell me what you thinkin about when your hands is all on me Cause I 've been thinking about all the possibilities Ain't no other place that I really wanna be Cause you swept me off my feet Boy I got my eyes on you Tell me what you wanna do I can picture you in my room Until the mornin I don't even know your name Boy I need to know your name I'm hopin that you feel the same Tell me if you want it I know you gonna like it (I know) So tell me how you want it (tell me) and you dont have to fight (you know) Cause baby you're invited (baby) I know you gonna like it (I know) So tell me how you want it (tell me) But you dont have to FIGHT it..you know baby you're INVITED.. babe [Christina again..] Do that - do that - do it Do that - do that - do it Do that - do that - do it Do that - do that - do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Big Boi, Ciara, Scar Album: Press Play Song: Wanna Move Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Intro] ATL Georgia  To New York City The Kings have Arrived Let's Rock Let's Rock uh huh Don't Stop  Let's Rock Don't Stop Let's Rock Let's Rock Don't Stop [Scar] Hey Forever I'm on the grind my mind is already made up Sippin the finest wine  To Jamaica Everyday that I make up I look up at Chirst and think therefore he lifts me up So I don't see no haters [Diddy] Let me get an order I got sumthin' for ya You ever seen a black man walk on water? Talk Shit to me And I'ma try to ignore ya Get Disrespectful And I'ma have to come for ya And I won't go get your lawyers Cause my combo quick they comin' like de la hoya Watch Niggas in the streets Cause they will come for ya [Ciara]  Don't ya wanna move does this make you groove?  Is the feelin good to you It matters Get ya Hot our music our music Come enjoy the fun Don't ya wanna move Just make ya wanna groove Does this feelin' get to you Let Us get you Hot our music our music come enjoy the ride [Big Boi]  Need I remind yall  I started from the bottom  But I'm destined for the top  And I ain't stoppin'  till I got em  Call me clumsy for the weight  I'm droppin' records  BUt they breakin'  Still standin'  like the fuse on my cannon  Blowin' weight kid  Top shelf you gotta reach high to be the best  I'm like Hennessey and coke and XO  And nothin' less  I'm the nigga BIG I know you know the rest  Suppose I was a toad  And no I ain't gonna rest  I'ma bang on  And make this music that we sang on  Like skunk  Always got my stink on  Hang on  You wasn't bangin' before we came on  You know you lame holmes  Zero ziltch  Blow out ya candles  Do it ya don't son  [Ciara] Don't ya wanna move  does this make ya wanna groove  is the feelin' good to you  It matters  Get ya hot  Our music our music  Come enjoy the fun  Don't ya wanna move  Just make ya wanna groove  Does this feelin' get to you  Let us get ya hot  our music our music  Come enjoy the ride  [Big Boi] Need I remind yall  I started from the bottom  But I'm destined for the top  And I ain't stoppin'  till I got em  Call me clumsy for the weight  I'm droppin' records  BUt they breakin'  Still standin'  like the fuse on my cannon  Blowin' weight kid  [Diddy] Here we go back again  Makin' that beat go bump bump bump bump  So hard  Why do niggas act so hard  I don't give a damn about a broad  I ain't gotta floss in the fastlane  Ride right past lane  I'ma in the ATL  Flyin' down cascade  Still spendin' money  Ain't nothin' change man  Spend a couple mill  Just to make my change rang  [Big Boi] Hang on  You wasn't bangin' before we came on  You know you lame holmes  Zero ziltch  Blow out ya candles  Do it ya don't son  [Ciara] Don't ya wanna move  does this make ya wanna groove  is the feelin' good to you  It matters  Get ya hot  Our music our music  Come enjoy the fun  Don't ya wanna move  Just make ya wanna groove  Does this feelin' get to you  Let us get ya hot  our music our music  Come enjoy the ride [Diddy] Hey yo Ciara  Take us home baby  [Ciara] I feel high on the music  I feel  I might lose it  It's talkin' through the melody  I can hear it tellin' me  To move  I feel high on the music  I feel  I might losin'  It's talkin' through the melody  I can hear it tellin' me to move  ARE YOU READY TO PRESS PLAY?  ARE YOU READY TO PRESS PLAY?  [Diddy] Nah they ain't ready  They don't believe me yet baby  Y'all don't believe me yet? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Shawnna, Timbaland, Twista Album:Press Play Song:Diddy Rock Typed by:jkh5@aber.ac.uk * * send corrections to the typist [Diddy] you gonna believe me now though  tryin' to get up in your mind in your body your spirit  take your soul  come here girl  let me creep in your world  let me see the backside of your moon  no vickies only la perl-a let me take you to indonesia  where nobody can reach us theres no need to take your phone  'cause you far away from home  baby let me be your tour guide  I'm your burger  you my fries  [Diddy] run through sets  come through sets  chicks hypnotized by my 1, 2 steps  I'm way too fresh  so complex  niggas try to predict what I'm gonna do next  lets get the party started  far from a motherfuckin' starving artist  got something to prove  dont talk it, walk it my niggas outside on them walkie talkies  pop that trunk  pass that dutch  lets get crunk  baby dont play dumb  baby dont say none its on me  louie 13 and the cris on me  dimes wall to wall in the vip  the age dont mean a thing  i ain't chi ali  i bring them out with no id them boys they bring them out like I'm t.i.p.  come here girl  let me creep in your world  let me see the backside of your moon  no vickies only la perl-a let me take you to indonesia  where nobody can reach us there's no need to take your phone  'cause you far away from home  baby let me be your tour guide  I'm your burger  you my fries  [Twista] ready for action when I attack on the track  and I flat up a sac on strap on the cadillac and the glove  could call me when you start shit with the ambassador of new york and the queen of the chi  and I'm backing her up  flow be ugly but its a beautiful thing  aluminum rings  get money like I'm moving dem thangs I got connects in every section  when I'm up in the hood  chain looking so nasty all the bitches going uhhh  heard they wanna get me  but I got my guns cocked  I'm dirty ridin 30 somethin' cocked like yung joc  I'm the talk of the town  lettin' off 50 rounds  meet me in a circle everybody its goin down  give you hpnotiq to get you erotic  and then I take you somewhere exotic  where we can blow chronic  a full clip for a lil drama  you know I aint a hoe  snap yo bitch  come here lil mama you know you wanna go  [Shawnna] I'm from the city wit nothing pretty  and everybody know  I spit a flow to get up with diddy  and now we finna blow  niggas in the hood show me love  I'm the girl  pimp tight let my mink hang down to the floor  pardon me if I gotta be a boss bitch  I dont give a fuck what it cost bitch  I floss big whips  I floss big chains  I talk big shit  'cause I'm got big thangs  now what you wanna do  you betta not step  now nigga move back  let me catch my breath  bring it, bring it back to the floor  so sick with an ass so fat  it's shawnna, twis' & diddy with tim on the track  you know it gotta be tint with 20's on the llac, ahhhh  I see 'em looking at me like whats up  but I'ma sit low in the cutttt The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Cee-Lo, Nas Album: Press Play Song: Everything I Love  Typed by: theboy_king@hotmail.com [Verse 1 - Diddy] The world at my sneakers Gold pieces moulded with Jesus features Give streets the fever from the way I spit the Ether Came on the scene at 19 a gritty fiend for Money, power, respect, get it by any means uh New Yorker, slick talker, walk like a brick flipper Decimal doctor, multiply to get richer I'm a entrepreneur, I'm the heart of the city I'm a part of the sewers, I'm the honorable diddy I taste the dirt in my sweat, that's from the Harlem struggle All in my swagger that's the reason why I got my hustle I got the highest stature, Miami diamond flasher I got you caught in the most flyest and stylish rapture My signature next to Christopher Wallace, get it honest My first album through to him, that was my biggest project Now I'm the illest known to walk like the illest soldier And when I smoke, only roll up with the illest doja You sit and mull it over my venom a killer cobra It's Harlem USA I diddy bop and shop with Oprah (Yeah nigga, what.) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Nigga what From my voice I'm killing 'em I shed my blood About everything I love [Verse 2 - Diddy] To the eye blacker, over handed face the palm smacker Good scrapper, cat stacker, good wood packer Tear up the Dom P wrappers faster Platinum patrone splasher, fuck cris, spit atcha I call it rich ignorant laughter Black American express card all grey now, its scratched up From constant usage, girl kidnapper, pop tags off tags Poppa making monster music, and still I Costra Nostra Big roaster, skin cola, girl when I send for ya Bring friends wontcha? I'm from the 80's NYC 5 percent of culture Breeze through with that old school blue malaroma Wrist glowing, ho-ing, fly off in a Boeing Slide off with your ho, and spend six figures on her My persona, Sean John unforgivable cologne Copping the biggest diamonds makes me sorta bi-polar Ferrari to Phantom, vehicles for high rollers The studded chain around my neck makes the night colder (Yeah nigga, what.) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Nigga what From my voice I'm killing 'em I shed my blood About everything I love [Verse 3 - Nas] The Queens Crypt keeper, Mets hat rocker Pretty bitch slobber, Ex-robber Heister, my own life biographer Pants sagging, Bentley whipping Summer jam stopper, Tim truck wearing Pineapple rocker, then I spray choppers A doctor in the jungles of Haiti made me Draped in paisley bandanas Suits with Adam Stacey Cigar like Dick Tracy Its dark I get spacey Alcohol and laced weed That was part of my 80's The Cartier consigieres be near me Canary yellow cuts in my pinky yearly Liz Taylor tried to joke me Coz I keep it green like the other side of bill hicks be When he gets mean Think fast before I blast hoes Like Grassino Went from scraggly old clothes to the illest fashion And realest rappin' Pablo bath on the scene, won't go back to no green Strictly paper cruising through the strip in Vegas Two of New York's biggest niggaz Y'all used to hate us, but now you love us Nas and Diddy, power hustlers (Yeah nigga, what) [Chorus - Cee-Lo] Nigga what From my voice I'm killing 'em I shed my blood About everything I love C'mon.. On everythin' I love man.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Mika Lett Album: Press Play Song: Special Feeling Typed by: tekmega@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist you about to feel something that you've never felt before c'mon don't stop lets ride yeah talk to me now why don't you let me give you that special feelin the kind of feelin that'll make you feel so real and ooh why don't you hit me with that special feel the kind of feelin that'll make me feel so real I got some game to spit to you..check this out if I take you out on a date you'll feel real special and great so why don't we just formulate a plan and meet up at a special place place place (that sounds cool) that's right (if it's just me and you) it's just me and you against the world I am yo nigga, you my girl and you will feel the passion when I'm smashing you climaxin the thrillin is everlasting as yet, I got you feelin high (you're the best true) that's true (the way you do your do) I know you feelin me (I'm feelin you) I'm feelin you too girl, lets do this why don't you let me give you that special feelin the kind of feelin that'll make you feel so real and ooh why don't you hit me with that special feel the kind of feelin that'll make me feel so real lets jump in that freaky state meet me at that special place you know there's no time to waste girl lets have a sexy escapade let me make you wet let me make your body sweat let me give you passionate lovin that you won't forget you love it (yeah) really really need it (yeah) you mind if I beat it up (no) then get ready girl cause your cardiac be beating like your drummer track and you'll be coming, coming back and I know that you lovin that.. why don't you let me give you that special feelin the kind of feelin that'll make you feel so real and ooh why don't you hit me with that special feel the kind of feelin that'll make me feel so real this is real, this is real the way I feel, the way you make me feel and girl the way you make me feel so real so real, the way I feel, the way you make me feel and girl you make me make me feel so real Now that I have you here girl let me take you there there's nothing that can't compare to fucking, fuckin my dear if you - so for real it's real how you makin me feel I'm lickin your sweet cherry fill girl I'm givin you thrill (and thats true) that's right (the special things you do) (that's why I'm feelin you...that's why I fell in love with you) you fallin and I caught you girl be secure I got you girl girl just let me rock your world world, w-w-world, world...w-w-world world, w-w-world, world...w-w-world, world...w-w-world why don't you let me give you that special feelin the kind of feelin that'll make you feel so real and ooh why don't you hit me with that special feel the kind of feelin that'll make me feel so real The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Keri Album: Press Play Song: After Love Typed by: m0uZ@arcor.de * * send corrections to the typist [Keri] I miss going out, feeling kinda stuck these days and I be on the highway, if only I could leave my place I used to be on top but I ain't got nothing better to say I been trying to hide but its written all over my face I really thought you were the one, the only one I guess that I was wrong if everything I thought what do you do after love? what can you say when its said and done nothing at all cos you can't stop a heart break and you can't stop your tears from falling down so what do you do? what do you do? after love [Diddy] I remember first day that I saw her face the feeling I had sorta felt like my birthday beautiful I must say she was my earthquake cute face, nice shape, you made my earth shake I'ma try keep the faith, do it like the church say she the one for me and I don't care I hear my heart say thought I had a home run but I guess at first base I found out the long run just another heart break so how much can my heart take you was like air to me you know I wouldn't leave, I needed you to breath see life is but a dream so its more then I believe if you ever been in love you will know what I mean so god help me please I wanna see the light she keep telling me I'm wrong but I know I'm right but try and prove wrong cos I don't wanna fight I know I make mistakes but still I need her in my life [Keri] tell me how I'm supposed to heal this open wound and tell me who had thought that id be trying to get over you I'm stuck in the moment, of memories of me and you and I can get over it, but I'm ain't sure that I want to because you made your bed, now you gotta lie in it now all the things you said don't mean a thing I can't believe I gave you one last shot I let it ride now baby its your stuff oh so leave your not good for me it took a while to finally come to my senses what do you do after love? what can you say when its said and done when its over cos you can't stop a heart break and you can't stop your tears from falling down so what do you do? what do you do? after love [Diddy] this is what you made me do pay attention she know who I'm talking to, and I know you listening I think about you all the time, if not every minute I promise hurting you was never my intention something bout your style, the way that you presenting her everything I see I ever had you was in it I apologize for every time that you might have cried theres not enough words to describe how I feel inside guardian angel sent from the skys I always knew you would have made a beautiful bride and that's right and I wish you could of stayed, so much but I'm stuck when I betrayed your trust you know your love is more than wearing dolce and gabbana, gucci and prada, trips to nevada and I admit that you hurt probably true but I don't mistake the only one I love is you I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Mario Winans Album: Press Play Song: Through the Pain (She Told Me) Typed by: theluckystriker@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Diddy] Can you feel me? Diddy can you touch me? Can you trust me? Can you love me? I need you Rio... talk to 'em [Mario] I could tell how you doubted me I knew my heart was broken and so empty even though my girl was next to me She didn't see I do believe that you wanna come by rescue me If you read my mind I have set you a place I wonder if I'll just will be in time we'll see She told me She told me She showed me but she hurt me yet she loved me the same has anybody ever made you feel that way? could you really love her through the pain? [Diddy] ...yeah when I don't wanna feel this way (this way) I got too many bills to pay (to pay) I'm hangin on Patron all day (Aye) Mind in a maze (maze) blowing on shit I can't function It gotta be something (go ahead) that you doing that got me unconscious (aye) all this money this fame this fire how could I feel this empty inside? (talk to 'em) [Mario] I've been thinkin 'bout giving up (can't give up) but there's something inside me that's holding on When we don't know who's right or wrong we still stay strong keep movin' on (Don't stop) and I promise I will never leave now would you do the same for me? I wonder if I'll just will be in time we'll see She told me [Mario] She told me She showed me but she hurt me yet she loved me the same has anybody ever made you feel that way? could you really love her through the pain? [Diddy] yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah fine as hell fly chanel (so fly) but will it last? only time will tell (only time) love is real and what I mean is there's not enough word to explain the meanin (C'mon) and what I'm saying is all I need is for you to understand how beautiful she is (she is) and all it takes is a little faith and no matter the situation in my heart you'll Stay [Mario] + (Diddy) I'll always be your friend You'll always be my girl (I'll always love you) I'll never let it end for nothing in the world (you'll never stop me) Cause no one else can do the things you do (no one else do the things) you make me feel (you make me feel) so warm and new so would you stay with me? (she told me) [Mario] + (Diddy) She told me (she showed me) She showed me (but she hurt) but she hurt me (yet she loved me) yet she loved me the same (all the same) has anybody ever made you feel that way? (has anybody... ever made you feel that way?) could you really love her through the pain? (could you?) [Diddy] Thank you for showing me how to love Thank you for showing me [Mario] girl you mean the world to me just a little more than I can see breaks us down we'd stay together only we can hustle who ever would you come and go with me to fulfill our fantasies take me by my hand my dear promise me you won't have no fear [Mario] + (Diddy) She told me (she showed me) She showed me (but she hurt me) but she hurt me (yet she loved me) yet she loved me the same (all the same) has anybody ever made you feel that way? (has anybody... ever made you feel that way?) could you really love her through the pain? (could you?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/Brandy Album: Press Play Song: Thought You Said Typed by: britkill@tlen.pl [Intro - Brandy] Baby ...baby .. baby [Verse I - Brandy] Take a good look at me I done cried from the lies It hurts so bad inside If you need a thing  Ain't never had nothing to me break me down to the floor  Til' I hide the pain  Here to show you a compromise of heart for I'm fallin apart Til there are no remains What had me thinking your word was your bond (Don't you know) That your never gonna love if you knew it was a situation you knew you weren't ready for I could see if your feelings had changed but damn you just slammed the door You told me the one you said you would put down your whole life for  I can comprehaned the deck of cards you dealt me [Hook - Brandy] How can you turn on me? (How can you how can you) How can you purposely? (How can you how can you) [Chorus - Brandy] Lessoned learned house can burn  Were close to heat Bet your words don't mean nothing to me Thought you said  Thought you said that you loved me Thought you said  Thought you said that you need me Thought you said  Thought you said you complete me Thought you said you were never gonna let it go Thought you said  Thought you said when you held me Thought you said  Thought you said when'd you tell me  Thought you said no one else could replace me Thought you said that your never gonna let it go [Verse II - Diddy] The times that you weren't there The times that you left me here  The times that I needed you  You know my love is true My passions inside for you The nights that I cried for you  A man has these feelings too Same shit that shall go thru'  I been here before  Sometimes the pain you ignore Until it's right at your door  And then you just can't take it no more Why does love feel this way? Why does it hurt so bad [Hook - Brandy] How can you turn on me? (How can you how can you) How can you purposely? (How can you how can you) [Chorus - Brandy] Lessoned learned house can burn  Were close to heat Bet your words don't mean nothing to me Thought you said  Thought you said that you loved me Thought you said  Thought you said that you need me Thought you said  Thought you said you complete me Thought you said you were never gonna let it go Thought you said  Thought you said when you held me Thought you said  Thought you said when'd you tell me  Thought you said no one else could replace me Thought you said that your never gonna let it go [Verse 3 - Diddy] The heartache and pain  Sometimes it goes to your brain  Sometimes it makes you insane  Sometimes our joy is our pain Cuz it tears you apart  These affairs of the heart I think I'm strong but I'm not And when I look in ya eyes  You know it kills me inside But I can't wait for that day  That you come back to me girl After we both go away  It's just to see if it's real There's no denying the fact It's meant to be if you let it go  And then they come back. If this is our last dance we need to practice our steps, The situation I left behind but your hearts what I kept,  You said I did you wrong you did me wrong we was both at fault  And of course you lost me with your alibis  And all of your talking  And most important I just question my self [Bridge - Brandy] The pain is taking over I just can't believe (I need your hand) What happened then compared to now is dreams (I need your hand) And I know now that you'll need me [Diddy:] I can't sleep, I can't breathe,  I ain't eat in days  Stomach pains from arguing Didn't you cheat on me that's how the problems started  And as far as I'm concerned we learned our lesson Well it's all in the healing and that process has got me stressin'  I'm so pressured I'm so physically drained  I ain't thinkin straight  I loved you more than my own self Although I couldn't bear the pain of seein my old self  Young wild uncontroled self I love you girl  I don't need no one else [Chorus - Brandy] Lessoned learned house can burn  Were close to heat Bet your words don't mean nothing to me Thought you said  Thought you said that you loved me Thought you said  Thought you said that you need me Thought you said  Thought you said you complete me Thought you said you were never gonna let it go Thought you said  Thought you said when you held me Thought you said  Thought you said when'd you tell me  Thought you said no one else could replace me Thought you said that your never gonna let it go [Outro - Diddy & Brandy] [Diddy] When I look in your eyes  You know it kills me inside [Brandy] Didn't you. didn't you...ooohhh [Brandy] Lesson learned House can burn  We close to heat Bet your words don't mean nothing to me [Diddy] These affairs of the heart  I think I'm strong but I'm not [Brandy] Thought you said thought you said that you love me Thought you said thought you said that you need me [Diddy] Come back to me girl [Brandy] How can you how can you Thought you said thought you said you complete me Thought you said you were never gonna let it go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Keyshia Cole Album: Press Play Song: Last Night Typed by: theboy_king@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Last night (last night) I couldn't even get an answer (Answer) I tried to call (I tried to call) But my pride wouldn't let me dial (dial, dial, dial) And I'm sitting here (sitting here) With this blank expression (expression, expression, expression) And the way I feel (way I feel) I wanna curl up like a child (child, child) I know you can hear me I know you can feel me I can't live without you god please make me better I wish I wasn't the way I am [Keyshia Cole] If I told you once I told you twice You can see it in my eyes I'm all cried out with nothing to say your everything I want it to be If you could only see your heart belongs to me I love you so much I'm hurting for your touch come and set me free forever yours I'll be baby won't you come and take this pain away Last night (last night) I couldn't even get an answer (Answer) (you said you couldn't get an answer baby) I tried to call (I tried to call) but my pride wouldn't let me dial (Dial) (but that should never stopped you) And I'm sitting here (sitting here) (sitting there) with this blank expression (expression) (I'll be with ya my baby) and the way I feel (way I feel) I wanna curl up like a child (child) (ooh baby...oh no) [Keyshia Cole] I need you and you need me this is so plain to see and I would never let you go and I will always love you so... I will If you could only see your heart belongs to me I love you so much I'm hurting for your touch come and set me free forever yours I'll be baby won't you come and take this pain away Last night (last night) (oh last night) I couldn't even get an answer (Answer) (oh baby baby wanna do this to me... hey) I tried to call (I tried to call) (alright) but my pride wouldn't let me dial (dial) (why wouldn't you just dial me baby... Oh) And I'm sitting here (sitting here) with this blank expression (expression) (Don't Say anything baby... oh no, oh no) and the way I feel (alright) I wanna curl up like a child (child) (I'm soo alone, I'm soo lonely baby oh) [diddy] tell me what.. what else to say to make you comeback and break me like that and if it matters what matters if it don't we can go never ever alone don't wanna wait til you go tonight when (??????) just don't leave me [chorus] Last night (last night) (...yeah...) I couldn't even get an answer (Answer) (couldn't Even Answer Baby...Oh) I tried to call (tried to call) (call me baby) but my pride wouldn't let me dial (dial) (why couldn't you just dial me baby, baby, baby, baby Baby Baby) And I'm sitting here (sitting here) with this blank expression (expression) (Don't say a thing... no) and the way I feel (alright) I wanna curl up like a child (child) (I'm soo alone, I'm soo lonely baby... oh) [Keyshia Cole] I need you and you need me (I need you) this is so plain to see (oh) and I would never let you go and I will always love you so...i will If you could only see (only see) your heart belongs to me (heart belongs to me) I love you so much (oh) I'm hurting for your touch (Oh) come and set me free (hey) forever yours I'll be baby won't you come and take my pain away Last night (last night) (...hey...yeah...) I couldn't even get an answer (Answer) (I couldn't baby baby... yeah, oh) I tried to call (I tried to call) (call me baby) but my pride wouldn't let me dial (why couldn't you just dial me baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, Baby) And I'm sitting here (sitting here) with this blank expression (expression) (Don't say a thing... no) and the way I feel (alright) I wanna curl up like a child (I'm soo alone, I'm soo lonely baby... oh) [Keyshia Cole] Why don't you pick up the phone and dial up my number and call me my baby I'm waiting on you why don't you pick up the phone and dial up my number just call me up baby I'm waiting on you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Press Play Song: Making it Hard Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com I want her to feel it in her chest I want her to feel it in her soul I want her to lose control Mary, talk to 'em [Mary J. Blige] I Yeah I You takin' a part of me That I cannot set free See me lettin' go No this ain't the time I got too much livin' to do And I can't lose it over you So give me the flow I'll get my swagger goin' I'll say this is the year for me You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you [Diddy] I know I make it hard to love me But trust me I could take you to places that you ain't never been Put you in purple labels and that ferroin Get your name engraved on a weaderin I'ma love you better More than I ever did Cause baby girl listen since you been here with me can't even lie See the rider and your ambition Providin' me with the fire when you wet and drippin' Mama if you see if you different Go 'head and get it and I ain't sayin' if you leave me it'd be better but me and you together honey we could do whatever let's do it I made it hard I admit it it's true I need to hear somethin' I'm listenin' boo [Mary J. Blige] Make that sure things that do I'm prepared to take it there for you Your lovin' kissin' It's amazin' but it ain't enough So I keep askin' I stay around For one, split the cheese Admire it for what it is [Diddy] I know I'm hard to love Let's rock [Mary J. Blige] You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you [Diddy] Lemme talk to you one more time girl You always sayin' that I don't want you to hurt You always complainin' but I was makin' it worse Besides all the games that I's kickin' at first It's time to explain My mind's been in reverse But now I think back when nobody cared And you was there just to roll by your man And came back Even know what I did I realize and I'm aware I know what it is Put that on everything Girl you my everything I don't know where I'd be cause you the air I be If lovin' is wrong who could be right I wouldn't know what to do without you in my life You're more to me than the world I pray The more nights for your heart to break Right in the middle of the dawn of day I think of all the pain I caused and throw it away and say I need you in my life can you feel it in your soul [Mary J. Blige] You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you [Diddy] I know it's hard to love me that don't mean I don't love you Hey rich I love the way you got Harlem singin' Mary take us home [Mary J. Blige] You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you You makin it so damn hard for me to love you [Diddy] She the queen of hip-hop soul [Mary J. Blige] Yeah You Are The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Jamie Foxx Album: Press Play Song: Partners for Life Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Jamie Foxx] I've been thinkin, times is hard 'Fore it get worse and fall apart Maybe you should quit your job.. and do what's right And make you my partner for life So we can chill (and have a little fun) So we can chill (and have some little ones) So we can chill (until our living's done) [Diddy - over Foxx] Can I talk to you for a second? There's some things I've been meanin to tell you Some things that have been on my mind Listen to me baby (let's go) [Jamie] Girl, maybe we should think about it (think about it baby) [Diddy] Boo you know what? (What) [Diddy] + (girl) The day when I first seen you You know I didn't stand, but I ain't mean to (yes you did) Back then it wasn't oh so fair You came through like some good clean air Skin softer than the softest fabrics You heard about me (I heard about you) How I ball like the Dallas Mavericks Sayin, anything you want, you can have it (give it to me) That's Harlem World, I get on my grizzly savage see? From the first day, we laid eyes on each other at the office I knew we was gon' be lovers (I remember) Mark hotel under the covers You said I was cool and not like a lot of them brothers Who used and abused you and took you for granted See you a Goddess, that's why you was put on this planet (I love you) Since you got me all sentimental [Chorus] w/ Diddy ad libs [Diddy] C'mon, don't stop [Jamie] Girl, maybe we should think about it (think about it baby) [Diddy] You're so amazin All I can see is us now in the sun just grazin Boo your brown complexion, I never seen a same color as coffee a teaspoon of creamer 'Member when I had the Beemer? Remember? Goin through tough times and knowin the other side was greener We had a dream, we pursued it 'Member that conversation, all or nothin before we lose it? You remember - it's all words like music Came at a time I needed soothin, soul body and mind At times I felt violent, you kept me in line Where-ever I went you wasn't far behind Girl, we got a bond no one can break And I'm sayin, I pray to God every night we make it - pray to God I'm hooked and I don't wanna shake you - c'mon [Chorus] - faded into deep background [Diddy talks over Chorus] Yeah I've been doin a lot of thinkin lately baby, yeah Now I know I done put you through a lot of shit I know it's hard fuckin with a nigga like me Yeah, you get a lot of respect for that shit Ridin with a nigga You know.. you might as well. [Diddy] Now sit back and reflect, on all our accomplishments The mansions, the plush apartments and The big boats and the cases of whole klicko I don't ever wanna let you go It's a certain kind of feelin, you know that feelin you get When your girl right and you know what's what, uhh You got me on some lay low stuff You stood by me, all through that J-Lo stuff Brush your shoulders off girl, go 'head and brush 'em Without you around, I can't function We gon' be together 'til the day we die And when they put us in the ground we'll be side by side I never had a girl make me feel like you And every day I wake up, I feel brand new I live for you and I'll die for you too I love you girl [Jamie Foxx] Girl, maybe we should think about it Oh we could be down for life Have a couple kids and make you my wife, baby You're beautiful lady My beautiful, so wonderful I love you so.. Oh we could be down for life Have a couple kids and make you my wife, baby You're beautiful lady Baby let's chill Baby let's chill Baby that's real forever {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Fergie Album: Press Play Song: All Night Long Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Fergie] We can dance, dance, dance Clap your hands, hands, hands All night, if you're in the mood Do what you wanna do All night long Happy days are here So leave your cares behind Just relax your mind It's so easy to do it Just enjoy yourself If the feeling's right Get your groove on tonight Take your time tonight Everything's alright Ain't nothin' but a party We can dance, dance, dance Clap your hands, hands, hands All night, if you're in the mood Do what you wanna do All night long Get up on the floor Don't worry 'bout a thing The rhythm's got you now So come on, get into it Just enjoy yourself If the feeling's right Get your groove on tonight Take your time tonight Everything's alright Ain't nothin' but a party We can dance, dance, dance Clap your hands, hands, hands All night, if you're in the mood Do what you wanna do All night long Have a good time (uh huh) Lay back, relax (free) Just free your mind Let the music take control of you [Puff Daddy] If it's a hit then I musta did it If it's not then I wasn't with it Bad Boy stay committed Whether hip-hop or R The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Intro Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] Sometimes you can meet somebody and it'll change your life forever See... Love is a motherfucker {*echoes*} Sometimes you can meet somebody and they just take your soul Sometimes you can meet somebody and they just take your soul Can you hear me? Can you feel me? Let's go I knew I wanted to have her from the moment I saw her I knew I had to have her Let's go That's the way it is sometimes Can't explain it {*echoes*} It's God's work So God if you can hear me Please help me {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Grace Jones, Jazze Pha Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Yeah Yeah You Would Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Jazze Pha] Ladies and gentlemen (yeah, yeah) I'm here to tell you (here to tell you) That this, is a brand new sound (sound) This, this will change your lives All you gotta do is turn the shit up (do it turn the shit up) ALL YOU GOTTA DO IS TURN THE SHIT UP MAN! This what you want? ... This what you need This what you get? ... This what you like This that Dirty Money! [Grace Jones] Coulda been yo' everythang, coulda been your shootin star Coulda been your backbone, but now I'm too far away You won't be there alone, my love wouldn't be wrong We wouldn't be starin out the window, guessin which way the wind blows [Chorus: Grace Jones] You would be lovin me, holdin me, treatin me better Boy yeah yeah yeah yeah you would - yeah yeah yeah yeah you would You're just so damn selfish, careless and jealous You would be loving me yeah you would - yeah yeah yeah yeah you would [Diddy] (Yeah yeah yeah yeah you would) Yeah, c'mon, UHH~! Who was your number one? Who had niggaz at the altar wearin fuscia gators and cumberbunds? (C'mon) Got my hand on my gun As I'm sittin drinkin and thinkin I love you you should have had my son Got me losin my mind All alone in my room, starin at your picture like I'm doin time (Like I'm doin time) I know loving is hard (loving is hard) But the further you are away got me closer to God [Grace Jones] Sex would have been greater, if I was the only one Wouldn't be your mistress, but now I'm too far to play (too far to play) Now you take the blame alone (can't take the blame alone) Love wouldn't be free to roam (love wouldn't be free to roam) We would be prisoners of the sheets Baby I'll be a-captured (I'll be a-captured) [Grace Jones] I just wanted you to be here I lay it all on the line Diddy you're far too blind Yeah you know you would You woulda had woulda had love Now you sense it's over - so what? Yeah yeah, yeah, yeah yeah Yeah you would You would be loving me yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah you would Yeah yeah yeah yeah you would Yeah yeah yeah yeah you would Yeah yeah yeah yeah you would The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: I Hate That You Love Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah Aiyyo turn the piano up Can you feel it? Yeah like that This the way love feels Yo check it [Diddy] Are we livin in vain? Are we livin in pain? Girl remember my name (remember my name) and whatever remains After we walk on white sand - let's travel in style Just want to see you happy and smilin I can change your life in one flight Let's take off tonight, c'mon [Dirty Money] We go, we go down Love is in, then it's out We can tell, tell by now If it won't, work out Let's not forget, back in Brooklyn Where the future, first began Let's start again (start again) it can't be over (can't be over) That's what I told her, that's when she said (That's when she told me) [Chorus: Dirty Money] I hate that you love me, so much boy I hate that you hurt me, so much boy I hate that you love me, so much boy I hate that you hurt me, so much boy I hate that you love me [Diddy] One time is enough for me (c'mon) Close your eyes, there's much to see (let's go) So let's jump and both touch the clouds And we never come down, it's amazing the view here (it's amazing) On top of the world where even the air is all brand new here Fireworks like New Year's Hurt is old news, why would you shed new tears? [Dirty Money] How can you, trust enough when our time, our time is up? if I leave, will you walk away, from the truth? Let's not forget, back in Brooklyn Where the future, first began (c'mon) Let's start again (start again) it can't be over (can't be over) That's what I told her, that's when she said [Dirty Money] Things I know now don't allow me to turn back We've been through it all, but now I just want my heart back And I could walk away but see your love is my weakness Oh it would be pointless to try and that's why [Outro 2X: Diddy] You hate that I love? Cause I know how to love You hate that I hurt? Cause you hurt me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Swizz Beatz Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Ass On the Floor Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Swizz Beatz] Right... You already know what this is man! Ohh, ohh, whoa Ohh, ohh, ohh (Dirty Money) ohh! [Chorus One: Swizz Beatz] When you're in the club get your ass on the flo' {*3X*} When ya-when you're in the club get your ass on the flo' Them haters can't tell you nothin Them haters can't tell me nothin Them haters can't tell you nothin.. {*echoes*} [repeat Chorus One] [Diddy - over Chorus] Let's rock You know what it is! (Oh yeah, yeah) It's that Dirty Money Yeah, c'mon [Dirty Money] You're the love, of my life But you hurt, my heart twice Now I'm drunker than a motherfucker Trying to find my way back to your heart you motherfucker So I know, there's a price When you're run-ning on ice And you're drunker than a motherfucker Tryin to find your way back to the love you motherfucker Baby you know [Chorus Two: Dirty Money] You know just what to do I know you know the truth And we will never lose There's no me without no you I gave my soul to you [Chorus One] [Dirty Money] See babe you, made me cry Don't you hurt, hurt my pride Got me madder than a motherfucker Tryin to fight my way back to your heart you motherfucker See your wre-cking my brain In your arms, I feel sane Shi, you know deep down I'll always love ya Tryin to find my way back to your heart you motherfucker Baby you know [Chorus Two] + [Chorus One] [Diddy] Yo turn me up Turn me up~! I wanna make sure she can hear me Listen to me That girl's gon' get ya, motherfucker Smoke weed, listenin to Sade I left my pain in Paris Why can't you see shit my way? You on that lonely highway My car's still on that driveway Feels like I'm dyin slowly Feels like what more can I say I made you face your fears I think we could have made it Thought I told you I love you Maybe we should have waited How could you ever doubt me When I stood by you proudly I would have gave my last breath Now you can't breathe without me [Dirty Money: repeat 2X] Oh when you're in the club yeah All you think about is your baby [Dirty Money] Baby I want you, to need me I need you, to want me I want you, to love me forever Baby I want you I need you, to love me I love you, don't leave me And want me forever [Chorus One] [Outro: Swizz Beatz] No! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Usher Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Looking For Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] This is a, J (J) Lack (Lack) track (track) man~! [Usher] Ursher baby, yeah, yeah man! Yeah, yeah, yeah She says she lookin for love (You know we had to do it again right?) All the girls in the club, know whassup (Yeah we back at it again, we back it) She say she undercover though and this is what she want (Yeah, yeah, beotch!) [Diddy] She got me higher than a motherfucker She got me flyin in this motherfucker Ready to die up in this motherfucker God damn she badder than a motherfucker, yeah, uh-HUH! Let's make a movie - two superstars Two big body Coupes, +Avatars+ The marriage niggaz stay in they Econo Lodge I stay in Louis bedspreads, camouflage Let's... go [Usher] She wants the finer things and all that she can get from me (c'mon) She even wants the lovely cutie on my arm (yeah) She get it in all way turned up she a rider She says she's in the mood for love [Chorus: Usher] + (Didddy) Watch out that girl is trouble They ain't got nothin on her Can't even fight her hunger She a get it girl, watch her do her thing What she got she get from her mother She super straight body shaped like no other She's makin her way to my area And when she gets past security, I say (Hello! Welcome to my table) (Bring your girlfriends, everythang paid fo') (We gon' get it in, ain't that what you came fo'?) (Heard you was looking for me!) She say she looking for love And all the girls in the club know whassup She say she undercover though, and this is what she wants [Diddy] Straight off the Concorde, to cheers and encore Nice sweats, she fiend for one boy The innovator, young Sean Combs Reminiscing me and Biggie bringing boys home Father figure, hating's for them other niggaz Dirty Money went and brought a money printer Now my money longer than the Mississippi river Money makin extraordinaire - I am the nigga [Diddy] Yeah, I see you Bring your ass on over here And stop playin Yo Usher, talk to her! [Usher] I - I know just what you like I - I wanna make you feel good inside Girl if you just give me a little bit I know you gon' love it I - I know you wanna try I - I'm the only thing on her mind Tonight, she's mine, all mine [Outro: Usher] + (Diddy) (Hello! Welcome to my table) (Bring your girlfriends, everythang paid fo') (We gon' get it in, ain't that what you came fo'?) (Heard you was looking for me!) She say she looking for love And all the girls in the club know whassup She say she undercover though, and this is what she wants (Fuck with me) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Someone to Love Me Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Feel the bass, talk to 'em It's that Dirty Money motherfuckers {*4X*} Somebody feel me Lookin for someone to love me And now now I'm lookin for someone to love me [Diddy] Sing the song... My drama, my karma My love, my life, dear momma The wars I've fought, scars that I've garnered The hustle, I got that honest from my father Mix me with violence, blend me with peace Combine me with hate and I can't face defeat I did it all in a week Still incomplete as I stand on my feet It take a lot to still dance to the beat Skin more cold and callous than concrete I love swimmin but there's just one skeet in a rich man's sheek hotel with bed sheets Uh-uh, you know what I'm lookin for [Diddy] When you ain't got dough, you scratch and you crawl And your state of mind "And I want somethin, I want it all" Look at the sky wonder, when it's gon' fall Cry in the rain so the pain is stalled It's too dark, my world is in gloom Chest cold, my soul howls at the moon My mind spins, my sins crowd the room My heart don't skip it just beats out of tune I can't even hold down food I'm so rude Bad attitude, what point I got to prove? Sometimes to win somethin you gotta lose Love ain't there my life is just bruised Talk to 'em [Diddy] C'mon, I love you I'm impatient, I'm so vacant I'm so real with myself, I'm so blatant I thirst more, I'm far from complacent Always placin my heart last, I'm paper chasin Left cravin the warmth of one touch So what's money if you never had enough? I'm disgusted, people say I'm not to be trusted Insomnia driven, my eyes crusted So come and save my life if you can muster up enough strength to show me how to love some- -body besides myself I crave comfort Stars may align just right for us, start a new life for us Build a fortress beyond coffins Rembrandt, we paint our soulmates' portraits Come on, you know just what I'm lookin for [Diddy - over Chorus] I'm lookin, I need you, God help me, please love me C'mon... I'ma find you Everybody needs somebody to love 'em Feel me? Yeah Feel the bass C'mon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Hate You Now Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dirty Money] I don't even know if I've found redemption Cause I still hear somethin, whisperin Tryin to tell me somethin 'bout you Don't know how to tell him I'm through I gave you my sanity You gave me a chance to live You're tellin me I don't need ya, I don't believe ya Cause I don't need nobody like you Don't go, don't go; don't want you, I hate you {*3X*} Don't go, don't go; don't go, I hate you [Diddy] Turn my wings and leap to the sky (to the sky) I smoke my reefer gettin high (gettin high) You know without you I would die (I would die) You clip my wings, now I can't fly (can't fly) My momma told me never cry (cry) She never told me to say bye (bye) I cannot let you go, I tried I hate you girl, you know I lied {*2X*} [Dirty Money] Boy you're gonna have to use your senses Just to figure out the distance, difference How you wanna love me, you choose It's simple, why you lookin confused? I gave you my sanity I gave you a chance to live Tellin me I don't need ya, I don't believe ya Cause I don't need nobody like you [Diddy] Leave the motherfuckin bridge for me You just let me bleed You just let me leave Now I can not see Cause when I cry, I cry tears of blood You the one I love (I love) You the one I love (I love) You the one I trust And you said you can't fuck with me I can't fuck wit'chu We can't fuck with we And we can not see I hate you girl, you know I lied {*2X*} [Dirty Money] Baby I can't stand you, baby please don't go I'd rather hate you than see you out the do' Baby ain't no love left here for you, nooo If that's what I'm tellin you I hate lovin you I don't wanna, don't wanna be without you, nooo Why not tell the truth? I hate lovin you I don't wanna, don't wanna be without you I let you control my heart Baby but you go to far - don't want you, I hate you Don't go, don't go; don't want you, I hate you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Chris Brown Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Yesterday Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] Yeah... yayyyyyy-yeah Uhhhhh-uhhhh [Chorus: Chris Brown] Yesterday I fell in love, today feels like my funeral I just got hit by a bus, shouldn'ta been so beautiful Don't know why I gave my heart, gave my trust, gave everything You think that if I had the chance, to do it over again I'd do something different, make better decisions Save me from my ignorance But I keep makin the same mistakes before I I see the danger but I go forward I'm sittin here tryin to keep my composure Knowin inside I'm broken and to' up She got me gone I'm on her like a drug I try to go but end up wantin more Stuck in my head, vivid as a picture I wanna be clean but I can't get rid of herrrr [Diddy] + (Chris Brown) Uh! Give my all you take it from me (from me girl) And don't even replace it for me (nooo) I wish you'd just fake it for me (fake it) I wish I can make you love me more You can't tell I fucks wit'chu I needed you (needed you) I thought that you understood that based on how I treated you (treated you) I don't pay attention to the rumors that you feed into Know you're missin somethin, I wish I was what completed you [Diddy] + (Chris Brown) Uh yeah, I feel like a killer hit me (hit me) The weapon was concealed initially (ohhh!) But I felt so much pain from it (pain) You deserved to feel it with me more (more) I feel like I beg wit'chu I plead wit'chu (plead with you) I don't comprehend how you can't love when it's so easy to (easy to ) I thought you could do it I believed in the naive in you (ohhh!) I just need to breathe baby, now I got the freedom to [Chris Brown] She like a drug, yeahhh! And I don't think I can get rid of her Cause she got me in this curse And then it dawned on me I can't do nothin with her What this woman's worth I can't find my way out and it hurts I tried but she won't let me go She, won't let me go She won't let me go She, won't let me go She won't let me GO! {*2X*} Won't won't won't won't won't won't won't won't Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Whooooo-ahhhhh, yeahhhhh-hah {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Lil Wayne, Justin Timberlake * Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Shades Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Uhhh~! Before you get here put yo' panties in yo' pocketbook That's what I told her over the Motorola, Hennessy and cola I hold her at attention with my manners And even though I don't roll a camera She still performs like the superstar she truly are So - also I think I love her already Damn - I think I... already She must be the one; I look in her eyes and see the sun Even on rainy days, ain't it crazy mayne? Yeah, that's what I said She do doughnuts in my head Over, and over, and over 'Til the cops pull her over And then she say some real slick shit like "I'm on my way from Weezy baby," cheah And of course they let her go [Diddy] Let me take off my shades [Justin Timberlake] + (Diddy) I know I've got a lot of baggage It's for the ladies and Mercedes Yes and I know that it's heavy but I pray that someone will grab it, for me Yeah, I know I've got a lot of baggage Full of Chanel's and Tiffany's and broken hearts girl You need me baby it's hard to break a habit, for me, yeah And girl if you want (what do you want me to do?) I'll pour a gallon of gasoline on my heart Just to light your cigarette; and girl if you want (I'll do anything for you) I'll do anything for you (I'll even take off my shades) I'll even take off my shades And stare right at the sun from the stage (I'll even try different things) I'll even try different things I'll make love to you on marmalade (never made love on marmalade) I'll even change my name, name, what'cha say? (I'll be what ever you say) I'll be what ever you say I'll even take off my shades I'll make love to you on marmalade (Are you sure that's what you want to do?) If that's what you wannna do [Chorus: repeat 2X] What'chu gonna do? What'chu gonna do when I'm perfect for you, girl watch how it's gon' drive you crazy (What'chu gonna do?) And love's gon' turn you out baby (What'chu gonna do?) Girl watch how it's gon' drive you crazy [Diddy] Got a lot of baggage It's full of shades, different shades, and I'm sharp as a razor That's why I have to brand it - you talkin 'bout me? You talkin' bout me? Listen to me I know I've got a lot of baggage It's full of promises that why I keep a lock on it I promise girl I'm tryin to make it happen, for me, and you babe Now girl if you wanna pour a gallon of gasoline on my heart and light it, if you get lonely If you call me - girl if you want me I'm ready when you are, just tell me you want me [Justin Timberlake] Black, gray, white If I pulled down these shades would it sound too bright? Get it, sound too right? Maybe I'm just feelin myself because "Flashin lights, come from everywhere" And you can feel that somethings blowin in the air tonight Now, if you need that fire I'll be that propane If you need it wet, I can make it pour rain But maybe I won't, heh, maybe you just have to take it Go ahead, pretend I'm a drug, now let me see you shake it I can read your mind, read your mind, Professor X We can press rewind, press rewind, VHS Speakin of the past, it's so futuristic behind ya Let me fill up your plate and dish it out, dish it out, china I'ma bend yo' body, bend yo' body, Magneto Let me have my way, I'ma have my way, Carlito Now we can put in work, let me get my busy on for you You ain't never heard you talk like this I got my Drizzy on for you * Bilal and James Fauntleroy are alleged to be on this song  If you know which parts belong to them send an e-mail to OHHLA The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, Notorious B.I.G. Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Angels Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] (B.I.G.) Uh-huh... This that Dirty Money.. Uh-huh...  (Uh..Uh..) It's that Dirty Money [The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"] Uh, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot.. Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...) [Diddy] Came from heaven just to sing a song for you... To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow  And you know, this the ennnnd of the road When I sing that slow song for you... And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..) And I would hide it in my helpless soul I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go  I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?  When the angels call like.. [Chorus: Diddy] (Dawn) YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you  (Don't you hear me callin you?) He's the one you love... ('cause I hear 'em callin me...) and he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through) Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do) when they're callin you... When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer) [Diddy] Falling....for yooooou... I will tell the angels, "No" Let 'em turn back into stone I doooo... (I doo...) love yoooou... (love yoooou...)  It's true.... (It's true...) Fire...climbing... We ignore the angels' call! They were warnings after all It's cool... if I'm....  with you.... When the angels call like... [The Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"] Uh, uh, uh Ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot.. Uh, uh, uh... (It's that Dirty Money...) [Diddy - Outro (repeat 'til fade)] When the angels call like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Trey Songz Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Your Love Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Trey Songz] We in the motherfuckin buildin!! A hundred fuckin bottles - YEAHHHHHH, c'mon! (Let it go, let it go) [Trey Songz] Girl I want you face down first thing when I wake up Already got you covered girl ain't no need for make-up I just need a camera and someone to tape us Internet ain't ready for the way that we gon' make love Got me fiendin right now, girl I need you right now Tryin to hold back but you can get it Don't tease me right now, baby please me right now Girl scream yes if you with it [Chorus One: Trey Songz] Got, got-got, got-got one question, one question for you When I'm goin through withdrawls tell me what I'm 'sposed to do Cause I need your love, I want your love Girl it ain't the same if I ain't got your love Your love, your love, your love, your love All I want is you baby, all I want is you baby All I really want is you, your touch, your sex is my drug All I want is you babe, only one is you baby [Dirty Money] I, I-I-I'ma put it in yo' face boy as soon as you wake up I know you wanna hit it, want me to be your little slut If you do it good, boy I'll return the favor Baby I'm tired of the bed I wanna try it on the table Boy I fiendin right now, boy I need you right now Come a-come a, come a little closer you can get it Don't tease me right now, better please me right now Let your tongue off on this pussy!! [Chorus Two: Dirty Money] Got, got-got, got-got one question, one question for you When I'm goin through withdrawls tell me what I'm 'sposed to do Cause I need your love, I want your love Boy it ain't the same if I ain't got your love Your love, your love, your love, your love All I want is you baby, all I want is you baby All I really want is you, your touch, your sex is my drug All I want is you babe, only one is you baby [Diddy] You takin too long to make up your mind baby Now check this out Bitch you know I'm Diddy hoe, real deally-o Real estate in the states, spillin in Philly yo I did it for the team, I did it for you shorty I did it for the fans, I did it for the glory Cocky nigga still half cockin my Yankee fitted My wrists Rocky, Sylvester Stallone, Jacob did it Early birds, furry furs His and hers, baby girl silver spurs You know I stay on my grind and she be right there The shit I'm doin won't be seen or done for light years Talkin me and you, the world is ours All we need is our love, money, and the power Talk to 'em [Dirty Money] My love (my love) your love (your love) Your sex (your sex) is my drug (is my drug) Boy I need your body here tonight I ain't leavin this club without your love [ad libs by Trey Songz and Dirty Money to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Lil Wayne Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Strobe Lights Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Lil Wayne] Love is the party, my heart is such a disco ball She's in line waitin - my guest list too long I told her I would love her, love her as forever Forever's just a word, I put words together Steppin on the stars, she pause And I know that one day this show will end - applause The strobe lights are dancin, we've taken all the chances She question what we are, and I'll drink to the answer Cause my heart is out of service, my eyes turn black I don't see love anymore I'm blind to the fact I got my +World+ in my pocket, cause I ain't tryin to +Drop+ it The sky is at my neck, so I turn up my collar My world spin around her, cause it's a whirl without her Ohhh [Interlude] When you know, like I know (yeah) Then the sunlight falls down (what) there she goes Strobe lights dance with the stars And I just can't live without her (yeah) And she know, what she knows (heh) And the rain is comin down My heart is closed, I know she knows Strobe lights dance with the stars And I always take my time [Chorus: Diddy] And when the lights, fade The lights they turn, gray Bitch you don't love me no more I'm at the end babe Goin the wrong way And I don't know where to go I'm on a new wave Tomorrow's too late Bitch you don't love me more You got me... (yeah) Standin on the verge [Lil Wayne] HAH! Love create wars, I got wounds and scrs The strobe lights are dancin, dancin with the stars But what happened to ours? What happened because the rain is comin down, now we trapped in the storm And I step right out of her spotlight, and into the strobe lights HAH! ... I don't need your light [Dirty Money] I know, I know, I know, that you're no good I know, I know, I know, that you'll make me come back for more, come back for more Everytime I try, I can't get away I know, I know, I know - I know the love is gone tomorrow I know, I know, I know - and the lights they fade away Your lies, your lies You keep beggin me, beggin me please don't go The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, T.I. Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Hello Good Morning Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com Yeah, yeah... Yeah, yeah... [Diddy] Hello... Good morning... (Let's go, let's ride) Hello... Good morning... Hello!.... Good morning!... Know you been wai-... ...-tin for it... 'Cause I seen... ...you watching So let's go... Let's get it poppin [Dirty Money] 'Cause I been leanin on the bar, lookin cleaner than a star These broads won't give me my props Twenty-five on the bag, I be stuntin on they ass and ya mad cause the bitch won't stop [Chorus: Diddy] (Dirty Money) Got your boyfriend feeling like a groupie... (You know, you know, we know, we on that) Still life but it's lookin like a movie... (You know, you know, we know, we on that) And ev'rybody know who the truth beee.... (You know, you know, we know, we on that) I blow 'cause I'm blowin on that OOH-WHEE~!! (You know, you know, we know, we on that) Hello [T.I.] Hello, good morning, how you doin? We're at the movie of "Welcome to the Future," Im the Cap'n of the Cool Kids The revolution's NEVER been televised Great booty, better thighs, I ain't wanna tell her bye First I tell her hi, then I give her one and let her fly Never tell a lie, tonight you couldn't find a better guy King shit, flyer than anyone you get seen with Gangsta distinguished, cool as a penguin Got a team of 'em on the field, finna bring wit G5 waitin, fly away at my convenience You seen T.I.P., checkin in a 5-star suite  with some 5-star freaks, gettin high all week (Let's GO!!!!) Catch me in the week, I was up all night when y'all sleep in a fast car, superbad broads, back seat That's me, see I'm nothin nice, fuck a couple nights With the moon say goodbye and the sun greetin us like... [Diddy] Hello... Good morning... (Let's go, let's ride) Hello...   (Yeah, c'mon) Good morning... Hello!.... Good evening!... You blow... You feenin... 'Cause you know... ...that you really need it And I'm the one that you wanna be with But right now baby, you dreamin -- Wake up and turn the lights off [Dirty Money] 'Cause I been leanin on the bar, lookin cleaner than a star These broads won't give me my props Twenty-five on the bag, I be stuntin on they ass and ya mad cause the bitch won't stop [Diddy] Hello... (Let's go) Good morning... (Let's work) Hello... (Let's go) Good morning... (Let's work) Hello... {beat changes} Aiyyo..aiyyo, turn me up a lil' bit more I don't think they can hear me Check this out...Bad Boy, bitch! Let's work...c'mon Let's work...non-stop, let's rock Make you feel good too, let's work... Don't stop I see you, let's work It's that Dirty Money [Diddy rap verse] Uh, how fly is he? Yo' baby momma +Cry for Me+ like Jodeci (let's go) So how you not notice me? PUll up to the club in the coldest V Ugh...literally cold Little did he know how that nigga Diddy flow ...How that nigga Diddy go  so hard like a crowbar, still gettin dough Whoa whoa, whoa... Hahaha (Turn the bass up!) Hey, I like this (c'mon, can you feel it?) Can you feel it? ...Nothin can save ya Uh, it's that Dirty Money (Turn the lights on!) [Diddy] Hello... Good morning... (Let's go, let's ride) Hello...   (Yeah, c'mon) Good morning... Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) Hello....  (H-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o, h-e-l-l-o....) {*music fades*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Last Night Part 2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Dirty Money] If I gave you everything, baby would you give it back I'll give my all to you If I gave my heart to you, baby would you give it back Tell me what would you do [Diddy] Some nights you ain't never change You want sunshine and the rain You want everything, you want too much from me Girl if I gave you everything My mansion and my plane And my name, you want too much from me The way I love you girl, you should do the same Some things never change, no more pain thank God you came girl I'll give you my first, I'll give you my last Never gotta ask, I'll do anything for you girl [Dirty Money] Some nights you ain't never change Think you could fix everything But the diamond ring, that's not enough for me Boy if I gave you everything, my mansion and my plane Just stay the same, and that's enough for me yeah [Diddy] The way I love you girl, you should do the same Some things never change, no more pain thank God you came girl I'll give you my first, I'll give you my last Never gotta ask, I'll do anything for you girl [Interlude: Dirty Money] Whatever you needed, can't even believe it Would you do that for me baby? Cause of this I'm breathin, and my heart is beatin I'll give you everything, that's what you want [Diddy] Yeah - check us out~! It's easy to laugh, on white sands and plush yachts In Citation 10's and what not But what if we ain't never touched drops? What if a nigga was on the bus stop? All black shades black hat black fitted But no black car would you still be committed? ... Would you still let me hit it? Would you still ride if it was a Civic? I'm just hopin you will stay On your knees and still pray I'm just sayin what I feel babe So feel me in a real way [Interlude] + [Chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Chris Brown, Wiz Khalifa Album: Last Train to Paris Song: I Know Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro] + (Diddy) Aiyyo Wiz! {You already know} Don't you ever leave (I see you Polow) Don't you ever go away I love you, I love you I'm beggin you don't you leave (Now why you wanna go and leave me babe?) I'm beggin you don't you go (shit) You've got my heart, you've got my heart You've got my heart (you know you got me open, yeah) (Check this out) I know I fucked up (I know I fucked up) I know I fucked up (I know I fucked up) I know I fucked up, yeahhh (I'm sorry baby) Baby I need you (I need you) baby I need you (Aiyyo check this out) Baby I need you baby, yeahhh [Diddy] But now you're gone And I'm forced to deal with your absence All alone in this madness All alone on my mattress Don't know how the hell did this happen You knew lovin me was a hazard Outcome of my actions I wish we could go backwards Go back a couple of chapters Back when there was laughter Back when we first met Before we 'came such a disaster Before your heart got shattered Before I forgot how much you mattered Crazy we don't realize what we have until after we no longer have it, uh-uh, eh eh, uh-uh [Chorus] + (Diddy) Don't you ever leave (don't leave) Don't you ever go away! Don't you leave, don't you go I love you (I love you) I love you (I love you) Yeahhh! I'm beggin you don't you leave (got me fucked up girl) I'm beggin you don't you go (you know I can't live without you) You've got my heart, you've got my heart (yeah) You've got my heart (aiyyo Wiz) [Wiz Khalifa] You say you out the door, you out the door You sick and tired can't take no more, can't take no more! You know the game and tried to play it time and time befo' Told me you don't got time to waste so hey, you got to go, you got to go Cant help of think of you when I'm alone Tried and failed, I call your cell you don't pick up your phone Guess that really means you meant just what you said, said just what you meant Getting all this bread but it don't mean shit Fuck the dough I get, plus the dough I spend Darling just [Chorus] + (Diddy) + [Wiz] Don't you ever leave (don't leave baby) Don't you ever go away {don't you ever go away} [And throw it away] I love you [Hear them people talkin 'bout us] [Yeah them hoes all went away] I love you [But this is all I can say] (I love you) I'm beggin you, don't you leave - I'm beggin you baby I'm beggin you, don't you go - don't you leave me You've got my heart, you've got my heart You've got my heart [Chris Brown] Hey superstar! There's a raincloud above my heart And it's only because of you I knew it from the very start But I'm not a complainer - no no~! And that's the least of my problems today, but You can have my heart I'll give it away, babe And I'ma honor and cherish our play time, baby Don't you ever leave, don't you ever go away I love you, I love you I'm beggin you don't you leave - I'm beggin you baby I'm beggin you don't you go You've got my heart, you've got my heart You've got my heart I know I fucked up, I know I fucked up I know I fucked up, yeah Baby I need you, baby I need you Baby I need you, yeah I'm beggin you don't you leave I'm beggin you don't you go You've got my heart, you've got my heart You've got my heart [Outro] Yeahhhhhh Aww no, no you do Aww no, no you do Yeahhhhh [Diddy] I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Drake Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Loving You No More Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Dirty Money] So hard to breathe this air that we call love Ain't nothin worse than the hurt we receive from love When you get hurt by the one you livin for Pain can make you wanna love no more Lovin you no more I just, I can't, I just can't be lovin you no more I love you more than I love myself; lovin you no more I just, I can't, I just can't be lovin you no more I love you more than I love myself [Diddy] Hurt with the heart that's bleedin slowly So many lonely sleepless nights I'm goin through hell but convinced she loves me But never her approval no matter how I try The way you talk to me but still I say I love you I'm ashamed, you can see it in my eyes Momma always told me to respect the woman But what am I to do when her parents do not try? [Kalenna Harper] So many tears I've cried But all for nothin I'm afraid to say Ohhhh-whoaaaa [Diddy] I've been so dependent on your love for so long Punishment for me is tryin to let go Give it from your heart is what you taught me Addiction to pain is what it got me My life, now it's changed My life ain't the same as it was Heartbroke to the point sometimes wanna end it if I can't have what mean most to meeeee [Kalenna Harper] So many tears I've cried But all for nothin I'm afraid to say Ohhhh-whoaaaa [Drake] Diddy! Drizzy baby Uhh, tryin not to overthink Only cause I've drove and I done had a lot to drink When I wanted it blue you said we got to paint it pink And there's pieces of your hair still sittin in my sink And you still got underwear that's sittin in the dryer How come every time that you're suspicious I'm a liar? You stand out, I can hear you whistle in a choir And that's the only reason you the missus I admire Damn~! Tell me what I'm gon' do Since everything that I'm tryin to forget is all true Me and all your main girls get along too I would take my last dollar out and bet it on you But uhhhh, you see the same one I'm missin is basically the reason I became somethin different It's just that I remember me before And if you could do the same baby then we'd be for sure [Kalenna Harper] So selfishly You can only show feelings when you feel yours in jeapordy Oh time, how time has changed And I'm no longer willin Cause you see how my heart is bleedin [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Change Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy - singing] You told me... that you'd always be, my love You showed me... my love just wasn't, enough Now I'm on this train The track's falling off of my brain It won't be long Sayyyy that you love me againnnnn You knowwwww I'm always your friennnnd So what you want babe, I promise I'll change I promise I'll change, girl I promise I'll change You said... you would always be in my arms Girl that's what you said... You said that you would always be mine And now I'm on this train, that's falling off the edge And I'm afraid, a toll is at the end And I promise I'll change, swear that I'll change I know I told that I, would change That fact that you don't love me, love me Because I'm still The same {*4X*} I'm still the same, the same When you left me on that train The fact is girl, I was way over my head You gave me so much more, I gave you so much less And now I'm wishing you the best Cause I swore that I would change, change... I swore that I would change When you left me on that train You told me, that you'd always be, my love You showed me, my love just wasn't, enough Sayyyy that you love me againnnnn You knowwwww I'm always your friennnnd So what you want babe, I promise I'll change I promise I'll change, I promise I'll change Even though I promised you everything I ain't changed You would always be in my arms I promised you the same That you'd always be mine But now I'm on that train That's falling off the edge And I'm afraid But this time is still the end And I promised I'll change I swear that I will change Oh I promise I'll change But the fact is that you don't love me, love me Because I'm still The same {*4X*} I'm still the same, the same When you left me on that train The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Skylar Grey Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Coming Home Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Skylar Grey] I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming home Let the rain, wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming... [Diddy] I'm back where I belong Yeah, I never felt so strong and (I'm back baby) I'm feelin like there's nothin that I can't try-yyy And if you with me put your hands high-yyy (put your hands high) If you ever lost a life before (hey) this one's for you (And if you hear me put your hands high-yyy) Your dreams are fulfilled, you rockin with the best (yeah, hey) I'll be on tour I hear "The Tears of a Clown," uhh - I hate that song! I feel like they talkin to me, when it comes on Another day, another Dawn Another Keisha, nice to meet ya, get the math, I'm gone What am I 'posed to do when the club lights come on? It's easy to be Puff but it's harder to be Sean What if my twins ask why I ain't marry they mom? (Why? Damn!) How do I respond? What if my son stares with a face like my own And says he wants to be like me when he's grown? Shit~! But I ain't finished growin Another night, the inevitible prolongs Another day, another Dawn Just tell Keisha and Taresha I'll be better in the morn' Another lie that I carry on I need to get back to the place I belong [Chorus: Dirty Money + Skylar Grey] I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world I'm coming home Let the rain, wash away All the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits And they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world that I'm coming... home [Diddy] Aiyyo, check this out "A House Is Not a Home," I hate this song Is a house really a home when your loved ones are gone? And niggaz got the nerve to blame you for it And you know you woulda took the bullet if you saw it But you felt it, and still feel it And money can't make up for it, or conceal it But you deal with it, and you keep ballin Pour out some liquor play ball yeah we keep ballin Baby we've been livin in sin cause we've been really in love but we've been livin as friends (Yeahhh!) So you've been a guest in your own home It's time to make your house your home Pick up the phone, c'mon!! [Diddy] Thank you! I'm coming home I'm coming home, I almost home Check this out "Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now," I love that song Whenever it comes on it makes me feel strong I thought I told y'all that we won't stop 'til we back cruisin through Harlem, Viso blocks is what made me, saved me, drove me crazy Drove me away, then embraced me, forgave me for all of my shortcomings - welcome to my homecoming Yeah! It's been a long time coming Lot of fights, lot of scars, lot of bottles, lot of cars Lot of ups, lot of downs, made it back, lost my dog (I miss you Big) But here I stand, a better man! (Don't stop) Thank you Lord [Diddy - over Chorus] I'm coming home Feels so good, feels so free! Ain't no place like home baby Ain't no place like home I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the world, I'm coming home The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ The L.O.X., Puff Daddy Album: Fall '96 Bad Boy Promotional Tape Song: You'll See Typed by: ryewalt@hotmail.com [Intro: Puff Daddy] (Don't stop, I'm not finished yet [8x]) Do you ever ask yourself, when are they ever gonna stop? Do you ever ask yourself, when are they gonna stop making those hits? Do you ever ask yourself, when are they gonna stop making us dance? Do you ever ask yourself, When those Bad Boy are GONNA STOP MAKING ALL THIS MONEY?! [Verse One: Styles Paniro] I lick shots at intruders Take the coke money and invest in computers Tryin' to reach the next level, Rolex with the ice bezel Coming through the ghetto, in a Porsche Carrero But for now I'll play the back of the cruiser Light another sack for the three time losers Pour out some beer, bust out the ruger Ladies and gentleman Bullets will leave you tremblin, shooken up I got my cuban mommy cooking up We got it all from Heron to Fishscale New York to Ismail get locked, I'm gettin' bail My style is flashy like a fiver strobes Going around the globe, hunnies wearing silk robes Time to flip the script, bust the whip Legend with the chip, dark blue with my trunk dipped To the feds, catch me if you can I'm a still transport with my man on the Peter Pan Get there and bury the bricks in the sand They think I want a tan, I'm sittin' on a hundred grand So I can hit the boat and take a shower Head back to the airport, and hide the money in the tower Stack blocks by the keys L to the O to the X you'll see [Chorus: Puff Daddy] Bad Boy, Bad Boy, what you gonna do What you gonna do when they come for you (Gun cocking) You'll see, (gun cocking) you'll se [2x] [Interlude: Puff Daddy] See, it's 1996 man, And we gonna do the same thing to you we did to you in '95 We gonna keep hittin' you in your head with all that FLAAAAAAAAAVVAAAAAAAAA [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Yeah aight then, you better act like you know L to the O, X amount the flows Ain't nothin' change but the range since I got the inf. Dot on your head, take all your strength Yeah, I'm in it for the green I'll get up in your seam while I'm sonning you like a nigga from Queens My tape in your duel cassette running me Tryin' to get in front of me playa, but you ain't gettin' none of me Better off gunnin' me, with hot slugs numbing me 'Cause you and I both know, the flow is coming B When you want it? now or later? I get mine and slide like a fresh pair of 'gators With my mega click, involved in Montega bricks Niggaz is mega sick, and you know we roll mega thick Up north where they bust your man In the custom van, interrupt your plans Now it's back to grams, DAMN, ain't that somethin' All that for frontin', what you gonna do? nothin' So let's keep things rationalized Everything I write better nationalize I'm into gettin' money, twistin' hunnies Niggaz is buyin' coupes while you on the stoop lookin' funny I'm a scorer, shorty love the whole aura Pussy wasn't all that, that's why I never called her It's all about quick whips and fast knicks Gats with mad clips, TV's in your whips My style tight like Gotti when I touch you Seasoned Picatti, or Versace joints with the buckle Get the facts, I'm tryin' to get the Beamer with the hatch Cop one for my man, so ill shits match Runnin' around all crazy twistin' hunnies back And breakin' niggaz that come to gamble with small stacks Really though, screw y'all, I never knew y'all Your click be like yellow lights, I'm runnin' through y'all [Verse Three: Sheek Luchion] Yo, hard as it is to make a buck I ain't tryin' to get stuck So I'm a keep handlin' beef like I don't give a fuck It's all about respect Tek-9's and papes Big house in Italy, in the yard with hunnies crushin' grapes So I go down to my steam room and give a long prayer Knowing that one day I'll be Sheek Luchion the mayor Fatigued out in my house or office Blunt spots and crooked cops can't grow shit so the town supports this (Uh-hun) My staff rollin' in Jags, Cruisers, and Coupes Givin' rallies, and holdin' parades for the lifers groups Now what you gon' do? When they come for you The same thing you been doing Eye screwing And bubble gum chewing (whoooh) While me and my mans are pursuin' Who you think the ladies are enhancin' Rocking Vansons I'm dancing in the mansion So cheers to life of the ice in your chains and your watches And you'll see how wo lock this [Verse Four: The Notorious B.I.G.] Click, click, uh, uh, uh Niggaz talkin' it but ain't livin' it Crystal pops I'm sippin' it, mob hats and lizard shit 'Gator trunks bitch, rollin' blunts with the williest of the willy Heckler Koch, M-1's and nine millies Stories like a motherfucker (that's right) Model bitches wondering if I'm a fuck with her She know I treats my bitches like Ivana Dolce and Gabana Dippin' Big poppa never slippin' H-class diamonds shinin' Dinner with the wifey winin', dinin' Smoking cigars in Bogota With Colombian niggaz named Panama And Englique and shit Games we play life endin' Bitches bending over with ease For a pair of Moschino jeans And Donna Karan tank tops I got your bank stopped Singles on top Benjamins Under the rest of 'em Advancin' >From duplex to mansion Stashing keys hidin' G's overseas VCR's in my V's Game elevates, money I make Gets your stocks and real estates, bitch Jet skiing in the Caribean, white sands Discusing plans with my mans Dark blue land, smoke tint chrome rims and system That leaves your rear views tremblin' What you gonna do when poppa catch an attitude Drop to your knees and show gratitude Kiss my rings it's a Frank White thing I stay potent Bitch is devoted, take my dick and deep throat it [Outro] You'll see (Don't stop), you'll see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, Notorious B.I.G., Serani Album: Angels (Dancehall Remix) 12" Song: Angels (Dancehall Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Serani] Its! It's Serani! Serani! (Yo listen!!!) Giddeon!!! Dirty Money!!! Bumbohole fool a weh yuh fi do pussy!!!! Touch a button, a button A button likkle fool a start sum'n, sum'n, sum'n, mi caan lose nuttin [Verse One: Serani] No time for no long story, story, pussy yuh ago regret it Watch it mek mi defend it Diss mi family and di Alliance ago end it yes I said it I can't stand by and watch you take the life of my wife Not today and not tonight not everrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!! I'm gonna win this fight AH!!! AHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO MOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO MOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO MOOOOOOORRRRRREEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!! Your heartbeat no more NO!!!!!!!! [Verse Two: Diddy] Came from heaven just to sing a song for you... To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow  And you know, this the ennnnd of the road When I sing that slow song for you... And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..) And I would hide it in my helpless soul I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go  I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?  When the angels call like.. [Chorus: Diddy] YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you ... [Verse Three: Diddy] (*Serani) Yeah! My nigga Chris asked me why? I said fuck 'em playa fly Damn fever got me high (So high) When my nigga left I died I mean cryin deep inside (*NO NO!!!) (Can you feel me?) But the angels helped me fly (*NO NO!!!) (Let's fly) Aiyyo.........hey BIG, talk to 'em man [Verse Four: Notorious B.I.G. - verse taken from "My Downfall"] Ain't no shook hands in Brook-land Army fatigue -my fatigue, the enemies Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin BASTARD Cryin, know my friends is lyin Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers or they Desert, dyin ain't the shit but it's pleasant Kinda quiet, watch my niggaz bring the riot [Chorus: Dirty Money]  YOOOOOOOO-HOOO! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you  (Don't you hear me callin you?) He's the one you love... ('cause I hear 'em callin me...) and he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through) Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do) when they're callin you... When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Kain, Loon, Mark Curry Album: Bad Boy For Life 12" Song: Let's Get It (Remix) Typed by: mack69daddy_@hotmail.com [Loon (P. Diddy)] We just happy to be here (This is the remix!) Fuckin' cock-suckers (Bad Boy baby!) Haha! [Kain] Aiyyo, get smacked silly; Kain am I aid and check wet willy 'Dep cracked the dutch 'cause covy broke the filly News at ten; Bad Boy, hope ya know not them dudes again Yeah we hold Vendettas, big ten letters, S6s with fourteen antennas Or in the Porsche with the buckards back (oh my god!) Bitches like, "Who the fuck is that?" Ciaffi, freaked off, drunk off Saki Got 'em +Eyein' The Tiger+ like Rocky (This is Bad Boy's white boy) When I step on the scene I'm expectin' my cream Stand by and I'm reppin' for Queens My destination is that a nation If one versed-out, my mouth could detination Yeah I said it and Diddy gone and did it Put these rappers on in it, now let's get it [Hook] Make this money, take this money Ain't no way you could take this from me Ain't shit funny; shake it hunny Takin' money; now let's get it [P. Diddy overlapping chorus] This is the remix! Bad boy baby! We just happy to be back [Mark Curry] Could be the paperchaser; list the track up with 16 bars of crap Bring it back from the block, sub on ?? workin' it wherever you at Get the money and the nigga; no takin' nothin' from me I'm hungry for it; I'm fadin' niggas 'cross the border And if they want war, we can war I'm chin-chose down to the flo'; 'roundin' the counter take 'em all Ya lookin' for the hook-up, who ya call? The M the A the R the K the C-U double R-Y Shit crackin' all night; gotta hear it all types I'm to the pavement, my nights and days with While you stare in amazement; I'm hotter than Cajun You're blazin'; throwin' up my tre's in, who want 'em? Just like that, a 360 on 'em, get that Twist yo' ball caps and rep how ya livin' It's all about the cash; let's get it [Hook] [P. Diddy] C'mon, Bad Boy's young guns This is the remix! Loon! [Loon] Uhh, yeah, now check it out, yo, check it out I'm 'bout a dolla', son, I see through it I gotta follow If ya ain't borrow money I gotta holla Simple and plain, the reason why I entered the game I seen Sean do it, so I'm try'na get it the same Pimpin' ain't changed, niggas still gettin' 'em thangs Got the six with Shaquille feet rippin 'em lanes Got a chick that's a real freak givin' me brains The temperature changed, soon as nigga get off the plane So ya know a nigga gettin' some change, stand over the game While do y'all shake ya shoulders the same? We get money; they ain't probably be playin' So what we'll probably be sayin' You niggas actin' like these crackers ain't payin' So let's get it (you got it), so let did it again In 2002, son, I'm diggin' the Benz With the rims that stop but continue to spin My shorty come with a crew son, I'm diggin' the French So let's get it [Hook] [Mark Curry] The saga continues... (3x) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, 50 Cent (G-Unit), Lloyd Banks (G-Unit) Album: Bad Boy's 10th Anniversary: The Hits Song: Victory 2004 (Album Version) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [P. Diddy - talking] Ten years Yo the sun don't shine forever But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together Better now than never, business before pleasure P. Diddy and the Fam, who you know do it better? Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight And when you hear somethin, make sure you hear it right Don't make a ass outta yourself by assumin My music keeps you movin, what are you provin? You know that I'm two levels above you baby Hug me baby, I'ma make you love me baby It's ten years and we still runnin this motherfucker [P. Diddy] + (Notorious B.I.G.) Yeah! (one) As we proceed to give you what you need (One, two...) It's all fucked up now What the fuck y'all gonna do now? [50 Cent] + (P. Diddy) Yo, yo, we can't stay alive forever (yeah) So if shit hit the fan then we might as well die together I'm high as ever, more hoes and more cheddar (yeah) G-Unit move around with them pounds and berretas (uh) Yeah faggot, if I want it I'm gon' have it Regardless if it's handed to me or I gotta grab it Don't make a ass outta yourself tryna stop me I'm cocky, rap's "Rocky", nigga you sloppy You know that I'm eight levels above you nigga I'll plug you nigga, I never heard of you nigga, ugly nigga (what y'all gonna do now?) I'm the wrong one to provoke And rattin on niggaz is only gon' leave you smoke So the only thing left now is toast for these cowards (that's right) I got no friends, fuck most of these cowards (that's right) They pop shit 'til we start approachin these cowards While we lay around dollars, they lay around flowers [Notorious B.I.G.] + (P. Diddy) In the Comission, you ask for permission to hit 'em He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him You heard of us, the murderous, most shady Been on the low lately, the feds hate me The son of Satan, they say my killing's too blatant You hesitatin, I'm in your mama crib waitin Duct tapin, your fam destiny lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist (yeah) Francis, M to the iz-H phenominal (uh huh) Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal (yeah) Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars (uh huh) And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes (let's go) Excellence is my presence, never tense Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike (c'mon) Anyone - Tyson, Jordan, Jackson (uh huh, yeah) action, pack guns, ridiculous (ridiculous) And I'm quick to bust, if my ends you touch (uh huh) Kids or girl you touch (say what?), in this world I clutch (c'mon) Two auto-matoes, used to call me fatso (used to call me fatso) Now you call me Castro, my rap flows (yeah) Militant, y'all faggots ain't killin shit Oops Cristal keep spillin shit, you overdid it homes (yeah) You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone Hold hands and say it like me The most shady (most shady), Frankie baby (Frankie baby), fantastic Graphic, tryin to make dough, like "Jurassic" "Park" did, quick to spark kids who start shit (c'mon, say what?) See me, only me (yeah, I see you) The Underboss of this holocaust (let's go) Truly yours, Frank White [Chorus - Busta Rhymes] - w/ ad libs from P. Diddy We got the real live shit from front to back To my people in the world, where the fuck you at? Where my niggaz is at? Where my niggaz is at? Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? [P. Diddy] Aiyyo, it can't stay dark for long (can't stay dark for long) They say its darkest before the dawn Calms before the storm (c'mon) I'm happy Mason Betha's now preachin the Psalms (I see you Mase) And I can see B.I. rockin the Sean John (let's go Big) Yeah right, this is what "Life's After's" like B.I. Frank White, your "Bad Boy For Life" No matter what the public say we gon' prove It ain't another MC that could fill ya shoes Cause Biggie Smalls is the illest Realest my stones the chillest, got homes and villas Overseas and what was me, I found out other MC's been tryin to find ya route (haha) It's ill when MC's used to be on other shit (yeah, c'mon) Took home "Life after Death" and they studied it (that's right) Listened to the double disc (yeah) Now they all spit, like they all legit (c'mon) Frank tell how we did it, go [Notorious B.I.G.] + (P. Diddy) We got the shit, Mac tight, brass knuckles and flashlights (yeah, c'mon) The heaters in the two-seaters, with two midas (uh huh, yeah) Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us P. Diddy run the city, show no pity (that's my name) I'm the witty one (yeah), Frank's the crook from the Brook' (c'mon) Matty broke the neck of your coke connect (say what?) No respect squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish (uh huh) Shootouts for twenty minutes, until we finish (take that) Venice took the loot, escaped, in the Coupe Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Louch Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacin him (Black Rob, I see you) Niggaz step up, with just Mase and 'em (yeah) Placin them in funerals, criminals turned aroused (yeah) The Brick City, nobody come off like P. Diddy (woo) Business wise, I play men Hide money on the Island Cayman (c'mon), y'all just betray men (yeah) You screamin, I position, competition Another day in the life of the Comission [P. Diddy] Oh it ain't over, aiyyo Banks talk to 'em [Lloyd Banks] + (P. Diddy) I got a industry gangstress that argues and steams the reefer (uh huh) And flip when I call her bitch like she Queen Latifah (haha) Now all the vehicles is long enough to stash the streetsweeper (yeah) This shit gon' get uglier than the Master P sneaker I'm slidin through the Ruckers, with Prada on the Chuckers (uh) So the spring break hoes, home from college wanna fuck us (ha) I ain't here to drop knowledge on you suckers (say what?) I'll sick rottweiler's on you fuckers (yeah), cops followin to cuff us Top dollars to discuss this, whole lotta zeros When it comes to paper I blow the soul outta hero (uh huh) I'ma break 'fore I lay on the floor buried besides, every rapper ain't a star, and every plaid ain't Burberry (uh huh) You can't tame Lloyd, I'm smokin by the big screen (yeah) And changin the channel looks like I'm playin the game boy (woo) I know the watch botherin ya vision But reach and I'll put a dot on ya head like it's part of ya religion (yeah) [Chorus] - 4X [P. Diddy - talking over Chorus] Yeah Where you at? Where you at? Where you at? Where you at? I told y'all, ten years from now we'll still be on top We've just begun Thank you ... thank you B.I.G. forever Bad Boy baby You know the rest [Busta Rhymes] Fuck y'all niggaz wanna do? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Dre, P. Diddy Album: Bad Boys 2 Soundtrack Song: Girl I'm A Bad Boy Typed By: Meataball44@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [P. Diddy] Terror Squad...Bad Boy...Joey Crack [Chorus: Dre] Girl I gotta do what I gotta do Change my life (Change my life) Make things right (Make things right) And girl I'm a bad boy so I gotta do what I gotta do Risk my life (Risk my life) In the late night (In the late night) Cause girl I'm a bad boy yeahhhhhh [Verse 1: Fat Joe] I know at times you feel stressed out But I'm tryin' to set you up so later I can buy you up this guest house But for now I gotta hug the block I know you sick of visits from undercover cops Runnin' to the kitchen tryin to hide the box Just give me a minute and I'm gonna flood you with rocks I gotta wicked jump shot but let's be real Aint no scouts gonna give a sad nigga a deal I gotta do what I gotta do that's whats up What's with this new attitude you know bitch that is what's up I'm a Bad Boy like 'Mike Lawry' How you think you got that rainbow Louis Not with a legal job's salary [chorus: Dre] [Verse 2: P. Diddy] Ma' we got you stuck off the realness You know the infamous You heard of us It's your Bad Boy business men Me and Joey Crack gettin' benjamins Sittin' in the Vanquish, the same color as cinnamon Ma' I'm tryin' to be your knight and shinin' To put you in the house on the Cayman Islands Spend your whole life with stylin' With that light that got me Through it all you was right behind me And ma' I know I gotta change But right now a nigga is dealing with alot of things It's not the same Girl with me you can achieve whatever But I can't change, I'm a Bad Boy forever [Chorus: Dre] + (adlibs from Fat Joe and P. Diddy) [Verse 3: Fat Joe] Now we livin up in Ja-sery In the t.v. in the car got the game on starrin' Marbury And your ring gotta rock the size of strawberries Everything that you want I got it don't worry And I know it ain't about the chips Just my way of sayin thanks for the years you put up with my shit I had to change like the chorus said And I'm reminded why everytime we do our thing in the waterbed To me this is more than head It's more than a crush It's all about us It's love and trust Took the time out to make things right It may seem nice But I'm gonna be a Bad Boy for life [Chorus: Dre] [P. Diddy] Joey Crack They call me Diddy Cool and Dre Bad Boys 2 the Soundtrack Good lookin' Joe Terror Squad baby Bad Boy Collabo Yeah, and we won't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon w/ P. Diddy Album: Bad Boy II Soundtrack Song: Relax Your Mind Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [P. Diddy] Come on, a come on now [Loon] This is what they wanna hear right here [P. Diddy] Come on, a come on now [Loon] This is what they wanna hear right here [P. Diddy] Come on, a come on now [Loon] This is what they wanna hear right here [Chorus - Loon] Yo, relax your mind, let your conscious free Your now rollin with the sounds of the B-A-D B-O-Y, niggaz don't be that fly Niggaz don't see sun and we those guys [Loon] Check it out, cause I been stackin dough Been mackin hos, nigga Loon a pimp go ask the hos Nigga you's a simp, cause your smack the hos (yeah) And lose your temper like John McEnroe Me, I'm cool I keep my jewels intact (c'mon) Loon ain't type of dude that'll move like that (that's right) Don't compare me to no boozy cat Cause Loon'll call them dudes, come use them gats Remember the time when I didn't use to rap You know me, O.G., O.T. movin past As far as the street, I already proved that fact Not to be rude, but I ain't in the mood for that Movin on to bigger songs, bigger things Use my arm for bigger charms, bigger rings Usually calm, but when it's on, nigga trained To drop the bomb, worse than my mom Ya'll niggaz playin [Chorus] (*starts with "girl" instead of "yo"*) [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Yeah, Bad Boy Yeah, come on now [Loon] Now what's your forte, chicks they all say That they want a nigga, sip Cris' all day This be all great, merely kiss for foreplay When I slip and slide with this chick from Norway Whips I push, make the bitch's jaw sway Then I hit they bush, leave 'em drippin all day Then I get like Bush, when I flip the war play Fuck the horse play, hot sex in hallways Pick your spot now, got you hot now Since you locked down, roof put the top down I know you eager to leave this hot town Know how you feel we can leave or not now First you was fiendin, but screamin stop now Walls got knocked down, when I layed my cock down Spendin my cheese while you breathin shop round I can't believe that you screamin cop now [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [P. Diddy - talking behind chorus] Yeah, come on now [Loon] Yo, in one year I gave you bastards, two classic (P Diddy: That's right, +I Need a Girl Part I and Part II+, that's right) Between me, Puff and Usher it was too drastic Between me, Puff and Gin was true magic (yeah you remember her) Cause everybody +Needed a Girl+ but who asked her You was scared, basically you wasn't prepared To gettin married and havin a couple of chirls I'm a grown man nigga, I ain't never concerned About how nice your ice, or the money you earn I'm the slim guy, spend years reppin N.Y.'s So you just start pullin on blunts, I've been high You just start visitin spots, I've been by And the hell with a throwback nigga, I've been fly [P. Diddy] Come on now [Loon] Definitely real, (yeah) spend time in Beverly Hills (break it down) Been gettin money since Tiffany Mills I've got a debt to fulfill Front, I'm a definitely kill I might peel hole left of your grill With no mercy, niggaz don't know I'm so thirsty Sticks and stone, break bones but don't hurt me Niggaz wanna clap they chrome but won't merk me Niggaz keep frontin like Loon won't get dirty [Chorus] - 2X [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Relax your mind Yeah, what's the name Bad Boy, Yeah, let's go yeah, c'mon Bad Boy baby, yeah [P. Diddy - talking] One God, one love, one family Bad Boy, they ain't never seen nothin like this I see you Loon (*echo*) Come on, come on now I don't think they heard you Tell 'em one more time [Chorus] - 2X [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Yeah, what's the name Bad Boy, YEAH Relax your mind Bad Boy baby, and we don't stop [P. Diddy - talking] Cause we can't stop And we won't stop cause we can't stop Ya'll remember that Yeah it's still there, it's still there Ten years later .. Your our future Loon, let's go boy Let's go, yeah, let's go This goes out to Harlem I see you Harlem, that's where we from The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Murphy Lee f/ Nelly, P. Diddy Album: Murphy's Law/Bad Boys II Soundtrack Song: Shake Ya Tailfeather Typed by: Buffmonkey50@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: Atlanta Braves tomahawk chop] [Nelly] (P. Diddy) We do it for fun We just do it for fun Dirty E.A.T We do it for fun Bad Boy (Nelly, Diddy, Murphy Lee) We do it for fun (This is history baby) Bend them trucks We do it for fun (haha) Stack them bucks We do it for fun (Come on now) And the band played on (yea) Just like (I believe you cool to this) We do it for fun If you see me ma We do it for fun [P. Diddy] Bad Boys 2, the soundtrack Let's Go [Verse 1: Nelly] + (P. Diddy) Hey girl What your name is? Where you from? Turn around who you came with? Is that your ass or your momma have reindeer? I can't explain it but damn sure glad you came here I'm still a sucker for cornrolls, you know I never changed that (nah uh) Your body is banging mamma, but where your brains at? (Come on) I'm still the same cat when I was young I was running with bad boys But now I'm older hope they saw I'm running with bad boys (that's right) Here come another man Unlike no other man Candy coated whoa! Switching in every lane Ya'll help me Why don't cha Please help me A thug is we then it's only two G I like the cocky bow legged ones Like white and Dominicans Hispanics and Asians Shake it for Nelly son Manolos Ma-no-no's I can't tell Everybody and their hootchies When you do it do it well {*Braves tomahawk chop done in background of Chorus*} [Nelly] Let me see you take it off [P. D.] Girl go and take it off [Nelly] We can even do it slow [P. D.] We can even do it slow [Nelly] Take it where you want to go [P. D.] Take it where you want to go [Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor [P. D.] Pop something move something Shake ya tail feather, girl go and take it low [Nelly] We can even do it slow [P. D.] We can even do it slow [Nelly] Take it where you want to go [P. D.] Take it where you want to go [Nelly] Just take that ass to the floor [P. D.] Pop something move something Shake ya tail feather [Verse 2: P. Diddy] + (Nelly) Now real girls get down on the floor (on the floor) Get that money honey act like you know (like you know) Mama I like how you dance The way you fit in them pants (Uh) Enter the floor (Uh) take it low (Uh) girl do it again (Uh) You know I love that (I love that) Now where them girls at? (Where the girls at?) It's Diddy, Murphy Lee, and Nelly how you love that? (Shit uh ohhhhhh) Come on, we got another one player From New York to the Dirty how they loving it player? Baby you impressive let's get To know each other You the best of the best and You got to love it in the dresses, the sexiest I had to tell her she's a young Janet Jackson live in living color Look here momma you're dead wrong for having them pants on Capri's cut low so when you shake it I see you're thong My pocket's full of dough shake your feathers till the morning It's Bad Boy and Nelly man somebody better warn them [Bridge: Nelly] Oh no I heard them bad boys coming Can't stop now Got to continue my running (yea) Because we go party till them lights come on And then my song start thumping because my mike still on [Verse 3: Murphy Lee] + (Nelly) Yo, I'm the big booty type I like them thick with their mind right (Awe) Banging personality conversate when the time right (Naw) I'm not hard I've got women to handle that They be like he the man when I'm really a Thundercat Come on you know the tics connect like Voltron Collect so much grass popo thinking we mow lawns My gohans don't match that But it matches her head wrap and the seats that I got in the lap I'm just a juvenile (Wha) Because I be about G's Keep your women wizzy man they say they have my babies I'm young like Tucker like the cash and the money (I'm going to eat my money) Man, I'm that damn hungry See I'm starving like Marvin girl I've got sixteen bars of fire is what I'm starting Plus my rats come in packs like Sammy and Dean Martin And I got so many keys you'd think I was valet parking [Bridge: Nelly] Oh no I heard them bad boys coming Can't stop now Got to continue my running (yea) Because we go party till them lights come on And then my song start thumping because my mic still on (man) [Outro: Atlanta Braves tomahawk chop] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy, Lenny Kravitz, Pharrell Williams, Loon Album: Bad Boys II Soundtrack Song: Show Me Your Soul Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Lenny Kravitz also accompanies with guitar] [Intro: Pharrell Williams] (Diddy in background) Hey yo, ladies and gentlemen You could never imagine, what's about to happen right now (Hey yo check this out) [Verse: P. Diddy] Hey yo I'm back by popular demand and shit Niggaz want the crown but can't handle it This rap game's getting scandalous I done lost my best friend in Los Angeles My other nigga turned Evangelist But I can't quit cause I'm on some Evander shit Fuck the money and the white sand and shit When it's said and done you gunna understand this shit Your man talking about Hummers and little cars That only fit in his little house little garage His lifestyle is just a little mirage He the type of cat that never had a menage Backrub, you know a little massage Tight shit you get when you Head Nigga in charge I'm in the Rolls listening to the bars Leaned back wit a chick smoking on cigars From Bogota, Colombia, chicks from Panama The diamond fellow, mami hello Pull up in the drop my Ferrari yellow Pull off your top make it shake like Jello [Chorus: Pharrell Williams] (Lenny Kravitz) DROP EVERYTHING!! When you walk in the door Free your self 'fore get ya ass on the floor! Ah be a maniac-ah! lose control (just lose control) GET NAKED!! Strip down to your soul! [Bridge: Pharrell Williams] Well strip down! (work) Show me some more! (work) Is that all you got?! (work) You got to make me believe it girl! (work) C'MON NOW!! [Verse: Pharrell Williams] I'm sitting on your Louie bag, now you're braining it Lookin like your little sister came that painted it Slick, like calamari tentacles Staring at my chain I kicked off your Jimmy Choos I weigh 155 pound when I'm soaked ma That Rolls Royce Phantom, it ain't no joke ma Weed brownie at 2, but I will not smoke ma Don't talk about licking if it ain't deepthroat ma I give you great dick, I make your face flip Then take ya aboard a nigga Spaceship Star Trak, my fault I mean Mother Ship Put on the cameras, try it you'll be loving it And you can bring your girl and we can get on another tit Me? I'm a Mount Airy fellow Or down in Florida wit the Maranello Driving slow watch the mami mouthing "hello" Get wit ya man if you want love you better Trying to get +Dirty+ like +Aguilera+ Yep, he's a skater the kids that's rhyming But I'm also young and rich wit a big ass diamond [Bridge] [Verse: Loon] Hey yo my intro's crazy, I'm in a new Mercedes Rocks the same colors as daisy's Y'all niggaz is lazy, I'm on my j-o-b And that's why ya hate on me But here's the update, Loon ain't got nothing but cake And power from here to upstate Y'all sweet as cupcakes So why niggaz stay wit tough faces? I stay trying to figure what Loon and Puff make [Verse: P. Diddy] Bitch please! you ain't been in a helicopter Flying 'round Jesus statue wit a mountain in Brazil Bitch please! you ain't never been to Guatemala Eating shrimp by the dollar taking flights to Negril Bitch please! and you ain't been wit Lenny and Pharrell Me and Loon in the hills giving mami's the chills Bitch please! and you ain't never seen a hotter nigga in the game 12 years selling records by the mill, c'mon now [P. Diddy] Let's work (huh yeah), let's work Let's work (huh yeah), let's work Show me your soul! c'mon now! Show me your soul! c'mon now! Show me your soul! c'mon now! Lenny Kravitz, Pharrell, they call me Diddy! We wanna see the masses shaking out there It's getting sexy in here Alright y'all, alright alright! [Outro: P. Diddy] C'mon and c'mon now Everybody c'mon and c'mon now Everybody c'mon and c'mon now Let's rock, c'mon and c'mon now Just shake, c'mon and c'mon now Just stop, c'mon and c'mon now Just clap, c'mon and c'mon now Everybody c'mon and c'mon now Rejoice.. I like the way you looking out there! I like the way you looking out there! Don't stop.. and another one, and another one Bad Boys 2, the Saga Continues! We won't stop, B.I.G. forever! Let's go.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Black Rob, Foxy Brown, Big Azz Ko, Craig Mack, Kain, G. Dep Album: Barbershop Soundtrack Song: And We Typed by: maximrules10@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P. Diddy] Check this out See where I'm coming from The sun don't shine forever, you know the rest [P. Diddy] I ain't no joke, I used to make the mic smoke Now I'm like, Kain, Rob, and Dep make sure it's broke (that's right) The most around come through toast your town And I'm the Bad Boy poster child (Bad Boy baby) Now fool around girl do somethin with it (uh-huh) Now that's cool girl move somethin with it (that's right) And anything I talk I live it (yeah) And everything as been like grining? (yeah) Talk to 'em [Black Rob] Yo, this the Bad Boy mission and we got the goods here (here) Play 'em to the left cause my right's my good ear (ear) Trying to reach levels of a ill subliminal Hoes know the fact that I'm a criminal (that's right) The movie I'm facing, cutie looked Asian One night, I bet she be off the hook paging them (Singing) Soooo amazing, she's been waiting [Chours: P. Diddy, Foxy Brown] [P. Diddy} And we! We gonna take the crown, please    And we! Killin them clubs please believe [Foxy]  And we! Rock L.A. to New Heezy [P. Diddy] And we! We can get fly and get greasy [Foxy]  And we! We pull up on them big things    And we! We make they ass and hips shrink [P. Diddy] And we! Blind them with that bling [Foxy]  And we! Rock ya body, rock, rock, ya body, body [Big Azz Ko] The untoucha, put you on your butt quick Same thing you was taught not to fuck with Fontaine the flame, the game with the pain And maintain the same eye frame I came with (that's right) Same shit, new day, same language, new ???? ??????with a +Tech+ like +Sway+ The shit 'round my neck like Dre Think what your chick might say [Female: Bad Boy] [P. Diddy] My aim's to change the game cold (yeah) Been doing this since chains and Kangols (uh-huh) I hold foes to paint like Van Goghs Leave niggas on "what up" stank like mad hoes (oohhhh) Choppin' it down, cockin' the pound Splat gate, vacate, niggas locking your town [Craig Mack] Hey yo, Don't try to play me for the same, same, same (as we proceed) Last week you did it, caught a beating the same (to give you what you need) (Underlapping chorus) You goddamn right I'm with the fam' [Kain] (Overlaps last line of chorus) Yo, spit that diva flow, fast slow, either o' Keep that on a need to know Freeze that so the milk ??? deep ???? Y'all can get beat, speak or go let the speakers blow Stop acting like a half-a-fag You don't wanna be shitting in a plastic bag Gotta big green mit with a matching Jag (damn) Bad Boy bitch, laugh at that motherfucker [Foxy Brown] I thought I that we won't stop (we won't stop) I thought I told you Fox stay shotgun in the drop (Foxy Brown) Take that rap game or rape that And anything I feel I state that I'm blatant like that (she blatant like that) Can't feel bouncing right back Fuck y'all bitches hating like that Y'all niggas take heed when Fox rap Bitches wanna dress just like that, the Sean Jean dress just like that And I don't be frontin like that I might just cock the hatch back, push the Bentley top back I'm a Bad Girl at heart, shoulda made the move from the start Bitch front bet the llama'll spark (overlaps G. Dep's first line) Motherfucker [G. Dep] ??? the one who started the trend, be the first to reserve a the rims So the insides match my Timbs Make 'em say no fair, try to ball I'ma end your career Like a can of Lysol put my name in the air Say it, don't spray it might wet them up Might push the panic button don't press your luck Know the name G. Dep, I'm ghetto dependent I'm in the hood like carburetors and engines [Outro: P. Diddy] Don't stop now, let's go Don't stop, let's go Don't stop We starting over *Beat fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy w/ Mase Album: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down 12" Song: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down (Original Club Mix) (Puff) Ahe he (Mase) Yo turn me up in the headphones (Puff) Like that? (Mase) Yeah (Puff) Bad Boy... we ain't gon' stop Verse One: Mase Now with Sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax Put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that (that's right) Leave a nigga with a hot hat, fronting like Bad Boy ain't got tracks (nigga stop that) There's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga Nickel-nine nigga, floss you die quicker (uh-huh) This fed time outta town pie flipper Turn Cristal into a Crooked I sipper Everbody want to be fast, see the cash Fuck around they weak staff, get a heat rash Anything in Bad Boy way we smash (we smash) Hundred G stash, push a bulletproof E-Class (ehehe) I'm through with bein a player and a baller Just want me one bad bitch so I can spoil her Mase wanna be the one you respect, even when you're vexed Rock Versace silks over spilled brunette Got green never seen so you suck my jewels Clutch my uz', anything I touch I bruise Puff make his own laws, nigga fuck your rules (that's right) Goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes Chorus: Puff, Mase [Puff] Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge [Puff] We're tryin, not to lose our heads, a-hah hah hah hah [Mase] I get the feelin sometime that make me wonder   Why you wanna take us under [Puff] Why you wanna take us under (repeat 2X) [Mase] Can't nobody take my pride [Puff] Uh uh, uh uh [Mase] Can't nobody hold me down... ohh no   I got to keep on movin Verse Two: Mase Broken glass everywhere *glass shatters* if it ain't about the money, Puff, I just don't care (that's right) I'm that Goodfella fly guy, sometimes wiseguys Spend time in H-A-W-A-I-I (Mase can you please stop smoking lah lah?) Puff why try? I'm a thug, I'ma die high I be out in Jersey, puffin Hershey Brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby Though I'm never drugged, I'm the venom in the club, G Though I know the thug be wantin to slug me (uh-huh) Could it be I move as smoove as Bugsy? (yeah) Or be at the bar with too much bubbly? (c'mon) Yo I think it must be the girls want to lust me Or is it simply the girls just love me Brothers wanna: rock the Rolls, rock my clothes Rock my ice, pull out Glocks, stop my life (uhh) I'm like, "Damn, how these niggaz got they trust? Used to be my man, how you gonna plot on my wife?" Do you think you snake me, cause they hate me? Or he got his Ph.D; Player Hater's Degree? (Ahaha!) Chorus Verse Three: Mase Quit that! (uh-huh) You a big cat? (yeah) Where your chicks at? (yeah) Where your whips at? (where dey at?) Wherever you get stacks, I'ma fix that Everything that's big dreams, I did that (that's right) Don't knock me cause you're boring I'm record sales soaring (*whistling*) straight touring Simply a lot of men be wantin to hear me cause their words just don't offend me (uh-uh, uh-uh) We spend cheese, in the West Indies Then come home to plenty cream Bentleys (ahehe) You name it, I could claim it Young, black, and famous, with money hanging out the anus And when you need a hit, who you go and get? (who?) Bet against us? Not a sure bet We make hits that'll rearrange your whole set (that's right) and got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet Chorus [Mase] Can't nobody take my pride [Puff] Uh-uh, uh-uh [Mase] Can't nobody hold me down... ohh no [Puff] I got to keep on movin (keep it movin) *repeat to fade* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy w/ Mase Album: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down CD-5 Song: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down (Bad Boy Remix Clean Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Throughout intro) Don't y'all know y'all can't hold me down   He told y'all he won't stop (2X)   He told y'all he won't stop (2X) uh-uhh   He told y'all he won't stop (2X)   He told y'all he won't stop (2X) [Puff] Remix Verse One: Puff Daddy No matter what y'all do, you never gonna stop my flow Producer, rapper, CEO (uh-huh) Sometimes I just sit down and think Might have a long drink, rock my long mink How you gonna hold me, you don't even know me (uh-uh) Platinum or gold, I get it sold (that's right) All I wanna do is see you dancin and clappin singin and rappin, makin it happen Keep it scorchin, more often Tryin to leave Justin a fortune, Bad Boy You hear what the prefix is (yeah) I get chips to breathe on remixes (uh) Catch me at the bar with three misses (yeah yeah) in the Benz that I still never drove got deep dishes (ahahah) Playa haters, how you like me now? (how you like me?) Bartender, hit my team with another round See what we have, is a brand new sound That's why nobody can't hold me down   You, can't, hold, him, down   You can't hold him down  You can't hold me down (repeat 4X)     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) Verse Two: Puff Daddy     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) I neither bug out and chill, nor be actin ill (remix) No beef in nine-seven it's time to build (yeah) When I'm in front of thirty thou, no mistakes allowed Cause y'all know, Puff Daddy moves the crowd (that's right) If I could I would, but I can't so I ain't gon' stop I owe it all to the man up top (thank you) Put hard work, into every jam we drop And this year, I'm takin my family to the top Uhh, remain hostile, flare out your nostril I make hip-hop, R&B, and gospel And y'all like, he can't be rich (yeah) He can't take trips, come back and make hits (say what?) Lamp in Cancun, lounge in the Ritz (c'mon) What you spent on your rent, I spent on my wrist (that's right) Go head, be my homey now, you phony now Your girl wanna ride my pony now (I figured) If you hate what I do, y'all only clown Goodfellas, you know you can't hold us down Chorus     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X)     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) Interlude: Puff Daddy Shake that ass, shake that ass, shake it (repeat 8X: c'mon, I see you, yeah, shake that booty    c'mon, I like that, ..., let's go) Verse Three: Mase Now what the whole world's been awaitin (remix), Mase in, money makin (hah!) Three sixes, la-dies think I'm Satan (that's it) Richer than the ones, found my mil (I hear you) Yo we buy Benz like a blowout sale (that's right) Get yours and then hang, you do what you gotta do I'ma firewagon, tenth powder blue Crew powerful, no tellin what I do See my name on billboards, and on towels too (Mase) Damn messin wit us, that would make no sense The more it's 'bout the money, the more we get intent Rock baggy jeans, so you see no dough print Live in Puff mansion, and pay no rent See the life that I live I'm prepared for the morgue I ain't scared of y'all, if you scared, get a dog See we pop bigger drinks (uh-huh) rock bigger links (yeah) Cop bigger minks, what the #%@% a #%@!% think? Chorus: repeat to end with Puffy talkin over it     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X)     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) [Puff] C'mon, you can't hold me down Yeah, you can't hold me down C'mon, can't hold me down You can't hold me down Eh-eh, you can't hold me down You can't hold me down (what?) You can't hold me down Ahaha, I like this I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love, me I'm gonna make you love me Can't hold me down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy w/ Mase Album: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down CD-5 Song: Can't Nobody Hold Me Down (Bad Boy Remix Dirty Version) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash (Throughout intro) Don't y'all know y'all can't hold me down   He told y'all he won't stop (2X)   He told y'all he won't stop (2X) uh-uhh   He told y'all he won't stop (2X)   He told y'all he won't stop (2X) uh-uhh [Puff] Shake that ass, shake that ass, shake it (17x) [Puff] Remix Verse One: Puff Daddy No matter what y'all do, you never gonna stop my flow Producer, rapper, CEO (uh-huh) Sometimes I just sit down and think Might have a long drink, rock my long minks How you gonna hold me, you don't even know me (uh-uh) Platinum or gold, I get it sold (that's right) All I wanna do is see you dancin and clappin singin and rappin, makin it happen Keep it scorchin, more often Tryin to leave Justin a fortune, Bad Boy You hear what the prefix is (yeah) I get chips to breathe on remixes (uh) Catch me at the bar with three bitches (yeah yeah) in the Benz that I still never drove got deep dishes (ahahah) Playa haters, how you like me now? (how you like me?) Bartender, hit my team with another round See what we have, is a brand new sound That's why nobody can't hold me down   You, can't, hold, him, down   You can't hold him down  You can't hold me down (repeat 4X)     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) Verse Two: Puff Daddy     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) I neither bug out and chill, nor be actin ill (remix) No beef in nine-seven it's time to build (yeah) When I'm in front of thirty thou, no mistakes allowed Cause y'all know, Puff Daddy moves the crowd (that's right) If I could I would, but I can't so I ain't gon' stop I owe it all to the man up top (thank you) Put hard work, into every jam we drop And this year, I'm takin my family to the top Uhh, remain hostile, flare out your nostril I make hip-hop, R&B, and gospel And y'all like, he can't be rich (yeah) He can't take trips, come back and make hits (say what?) Lamp in Cancun, lounge in the Ritz (c'mon) What you spent on your rent, I spent on my wrist (that's right) Go head, be my homey now, you phony now Your girl wanna ride my pony now (I figured) If you hate what I do, y'all only clown Goodfellas, you know you can't hold us down Chorus     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X)     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) Interlude: Puff Daddy Shake that ass, shake that ass, shake it (repeat 8X: c'mon, I see you, yeah, shake that booty    c'mon, I like that, ..., let's go) Verse Three: Mase Now what the whole world's been awaitin (remix), Mase in, money makin (hah!) Three sixes, la-dies think I'm Satan (that's it) Richer than the ones, found my mil (I hear you) Yo we buy Benz like a blowout sale (that's right) Get yours and then hang, you do what you gotta do I'ma firewagon, tenth powder blue Crew powerful, no tellin what I do See my name on billboards, and on towels too (Mase) Damn messin wit us, that would make no sense The more it's 'bout the money, the more we get intent Rock baggy jeans, so you see no dough print Live in Puff mansion, and pay no rent See the life that I live I'm prepared for the morgue I ain't scared of y'all, if you scared, get a dog See we pop bigger drinks (uh-huh) rock bigger links (yeah) Cop bigger minks, fuck what niggaz think (fuck y'all) Chorus: repeat to end with Puffy talkin over it     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X)     Don't y'all know you can't hold me down (3X) [Puff] C'mon, you can't hold me down Yeah, you can't hold me down C'mon, can't hold me down You can't hold me down Eh-eh, you can't hold me down You can't hold me down (what?) You can't hold me down Ahaha, I like this I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love me I'm gonna make you love, me I'm gonna make you love me Can't hold me down The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Jimmy Page Album: Godzilla Soundtrack Song: Come With Me Typed by: ethanlavelle@hotmail.com, OffeNDoR@aol.com Uh-huh, Yeah, Uh-huh, Yeah, uuh Uh-huh, Yeah, uuh Uh-huh, Yeah, uuh Uh-huh, Yeah, uuh Uh-huh, Yeah, Yeah Hear my cries Hear my call Lend me your ears See my fall See my error Know my faults Time halts See my loss Know I'm lacking Backtracking Where I met you Pistol packing Itchy finger Trigger happy Try to trap me Bad rap Wiretap me Back-stab me Break the faith Fall from grace Tell me lies Time flies Close your eyes Come with me Come with me, Yeah Come with me, Uh-huh, Yeah You said to trust you You'd never hurt me Now I'm disgusted Since then adjusted Certainly you fooled me Ridiculed me Left me hanging Now shit is boomeranging Right back at you Think long range Narrow-minded Left me blinded I cosigned it Shit backfired But I'm bouncing back I grinded Not many would bear the pressure You comprehend me You want to end me You offend me It's drama, feel the trauma Come with me Yeah, Uh-huh, ah ha Come with me, Don't be afraid, yeah Come with me I close my eyes And I see.. You standing there I cry... Tears... Of sorrow... I die.... Uh-huh, Yeah Fuck my enemies Fuck my foes Damn these hoes You're stepping on my toes Back up off me Take your hands off me Give me room to breathe I'm not hearing it I'm not fearing it I'm up to my ears in it Bullshit I'm destructive Some women find that seductive Some say it's lunacy Reluctantly I've been moving on I ignore you Sorry if I bore you I neglect you Don't mean to disrespect you Can't you see I love you dearly And that sincerely But you annoy me You can't avoid me I'm here to stay Forever and ever and a day That's never I can't let you go I can't forget it Why you did it I won't permit it And won't acquit it I want to fight you I'll fucking bite you Can't stand nobody like you You can't run You can't hide No surprise Close your eyes Come with me, yeah Come with me Come with me, AHHHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOWWW Yeah, like this Come on, Come on Yeah turn me up, turn me up Yeah yeah yeah, come on now, Yeah Hear my cries Hear my calls Lend me your ears (Uh huh You ready now? Come on check this out) Hear my cries Hear my calls Lend me your ears, Uhh (Oh yeah that's right, Oh yeah that's right) Hear my cries Hear my calls Lend me your ears See my fall See my errors Know my faults Time halts See my loss Know I'm lacking Backtracking Where I met you Pistol packing Itchy finger Trigger happy Try to trap me Bad rap Wiretap me Backstab me Break the faith Fall from grace Tell me lies Time flies Close your eyes Come with me Come with me x8 I'm gonna take you with me I want to fight you I'll fucking bite you Can't stand nobody like you You can't run You can't hide No surprise Close your eyes Come with me I'm gonna take you with me I'm here to stay Forever ever And ever and day that's never Come with me Uh-huh, Yeah x6 Come with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Cease Album: In The Beginning Song: Big Ole Butt * * cover version of the LL Cool J song from "Walking With a Panther" [Puff Daddy] Uh-huh, uh, yeah What you say? C'mon, yeah Uh-huh... uh Now here's a little story, about a girl, with a Big Ole Butt A-huh, yeah, I like Big Ole Butts, you dig? I was at the Tunnel, sippin on champagne Takin a break, with this honey on my brain Admirin the girls with the diamond earrings Benjamins blastin, doin my thing That's when I seen her, her name was Keisha Ass-wide figure, just had to meet her I said, "How you doin? My name is Puff Don't ask me how I'm livin, cause boo I'm livin plush But then again, I'm livin kind of sneaky Cause my girl don't know that I'm out actin freaky" Hit her with the tch-tch-tch, got the digits Called her on the StarTap, paid her a visit I was spankin her and thankin her, screwin her and doin her Laughin not thinkin bout G's, I just blew in her Playin like a King, on sheets of satin Me and Shorty smack in, her crib in Manhattan She had a big ole booty, like you see in the movies And on top of all that, I think her sister wanted to do me But Keisha was exotic, and Cease my witness She said, "Daddy, when you comin back to hit this?" When I went home, I kissed my girl on the neck On my mind was Keisha and how she stayed wet Sat my girl on the couch, I couldn't hold it in And said to her, with a devilish grin... Keisha's got a big ole butt (uh-huh) You know I told you I'd be true (I told you) But Keisha's got a big ole butt (that's right) So I'm leavin you (see-ya! he haha) Keisha's got a big ole butt (uh-huh) I know I told you I'd be true (I lied baby) But Keisha's got a big ole butt (c'mon) So I'm leavin you (yeah, that's right) I went past to Rutgers, about three o'clock I tried to get a cutie, to ride my jock Me and Ma$e, Suburban blastin Cold Dom P, smilin, laughin Freaks all over, the kind I adore I felt like a kid in a candy store That's when I seen her, her name was Kim She had the kind of booty that I'd like to get in I said to Ma$e, "Stop the jeep" She's only seventeen, but yo she's a freak I kicked the bass like an NFL punter I scooped this beauty, like a big game hunter I said to the girl, "Boo, you look tired Let's go to my crib, and bone by the fire" I put her big booty on the zebraskin rug She gave my balls a kiss, I gave her breasts a hug I said to this girl, "I don't love them hoes! You want to get freaky, let me suck on your toes" I licked and sucked, she asked me to sing I grabbed a pack of condoms, I pulled out my thing When I was through, she wiped the sweat from my chest When to the kitchen, and fried some chicken breast Keisha busted in, my house while I was eatin You know what I said? Too bad you caught me cheatin, but... Kim's got a big ole butt (uh-huh) I know I told you I'd be true (I know I told you) But Kim's got a big ole butt (uh-huh) So I'm leavin you (see-ya! he haha) Kim's got a big ole butt (yeah, yeah) I know I told you I'd be true (I know what I said, but I lied) But Kim's got a big ole butt (uh-huh) So I'm leavin you (that's right) [Lil' Cease] Yo, I went to Justin's for some shrimp and steak Around the time that this waitress was on her break I pulled into the parkin lot and parked my truck Niggaz playa hate but I ain't give a fuck I paid it no attention, and walked inside D-Rock had the nine and he was chillin in the ride I walked in the place, everybody was lookin And shrimp and steak wasn't the only thing cookin I sat down to eat, and ordered my food I said to the waitress, "I don't mean to be rude But I'll take you on a platter" She said, "You got a girl," Ceasar said, "It don't matter You look like you're tasty as pipin hot pizza What's your name?" She said, "My tag says Lisa" I said, "O.K., you're smart and all that But when you get off work, then goin to snack" She looked at me and said, "You need to stop! Cease where you goin?" "The Marriott" She looked kind of puzzled, I said, "You'll see" I pulled out a Benjamin, she looked at me When she walked out the door, I threw my tongue down her throat Pushed her back inside and pulled off her coat I laid her on the table, and placed my order And pulled out my dick, and bust all on her On and on to the break of dawn All over the restaurant, word is bond Shorty said she comin, I checked my Roley She suckin on my nuts, and she don't even know me I grabbed my pants, just left my main hoe Who did I see, ohh yo... it was Kim She work at Justin's but I kept on bustin Lisa got a big ole butt, uhh You know I told you I'd be true But Lisa got a big ole butt, uhh So I'm leavin you, what, uhh Lisa got a big ole butt I know I told you I'd be true (I'd be true) But Lisa got a big ole butt (a big ole butt) So I'm leavin you See ya! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money, Rick Ross Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Angels (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Rick Ross - Intro] Bad Boy... Maybach... You ain't even gotta count the money It's all up.. BOSS.. All aboard... Last Train to Pa-ree.. Heh, via the ghetto {Maybach Music!} Uh... (uh...) UH... (UH...) I'm a photographer's dream Countin cream as my chain swing Mack 11 for the things that the days bring I'm after cheddar, dead and money, yeah I chase cream Patent leather like I'm Puffy in my Saleen I rock jewels like my niggaz in the A-Team I'm outta space, can't you seem I am a al-ien? My wrist A-list, Audemar is ageless Bezel lit up like a billboard out in Vegas You can't be serious baby you know I'm on... Top 5, but can send you to the Most High Dope boy and that's even in the bowtie Oh boy, 'cause you know I got them close ties (All aboard!) The last train to Paris Wheels look like a Ferris, your jeweler should be embarrassed (hahaha!) Rick the Ruler my mula produce the carats (whaaaa?) Let's bow our heads, I gave you somethin to cherish [Diddy] It's that Dirty Money... Came from heaven just to sing a song for you... To the rhythm of my love for you, and now it's beatin slow  And you know, this the ennnnd of the road When I sing that slow song for you... And love was nothin but another gun for you ('nother gun for you..) And I would hide it in my helpless soul I'm not afraid to go down the road where we go  I don't know, you can hear 'em callin, don't you?  When the angels call like.. [Chorus: Diddy] (Dawn) YOOOOOOOO-HOOO~! If you don't wanna stay you can GOOOOO-OHH... It seems love don't live here no morrre... The angels are flyin so loooow, singin to you  (Don't you hear me callin you?) He's the one you love... ('cause I hear 'em callin me...) and he's the one you trust... (...like our time is almost through) Time is runnin out (There's nothin left to do) when they're callin you... When the angels call like.. (I answeeeeer) [Rick Ross] Uh... (uh...) UH... (UH...) Lord forgive me I'm a sinner, oatmeal in the winter Talkin leather interior, oak wheel in the center My niggaz deal opium, still in the OBM Condominiums in the center of Ethiopia (Whaaa?) +Dirty Money+ all they seein on them Phantom plates Seats blue jeans and it's treated like a cabaret Five shots, now they need a roll of yellow tape wit a glock, make a scene, I'm the F. Gary Gray Crab cakes served chill on that Learjet whenever Diddy call I know it's 'bout a big check How many bags you forget to get your chick yet? Know her sex good just by lookin at my chick neck (All aboard!) The last train to Paris Wheels look like a Ferris, your jeweler should be embarrassed I took a palm and read it just like a tarot I could detonate a bomb at the issue of any challenge (ROSS!) [Diddy] Falling....for yooooou... I will tell the angels, "No" Let 'em turn back into stone I doooo... (I doo...) love yoooou... (love yoooou...)  It's true.... (It's true...) Fire...climbing... We ignore the angels' call! They were warnings after all It's cool... if I'm....  with you.... When the angels call like... [Diddy - Outro (repeat 'til fade)] When the angels call like... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy f/ Dirty Money Album: Last Train to Paris Song: Love Come Down Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Dirty Money Crew} [Diddy] Yo... yea! [sample] "Show 'em how to move in a-" "Show 'em how to move in a-" "Show 'em how to move in a-" "Show 'em how to-" "Show 'em how to-"  "Show 'em how to move in a-" "Show 'em how to move in a-" "Show 'em how to move in a room fulla vultures" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Rick Ross Album: Love Love vs. Hate Love Mixtape Song: Private Entertainer Typed by: j_napoles@hotmail.com (Rick Ross) My passion for money and women  is everlastin aint no limit to how much we spendin aint it fantastic but my champion so high in the club (you see her) I pay with plastic you not just a stripper my love you my actress see the fire in your eyes mouth to mouth before I let this desire die bag of money just to relocate it to the sky like a condominium for c-notes to reside I think I'm feelin high (Diddy) oooh oh I'm looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer will you be my private entertainer (Dawn) I'll touch you right and let you read my body like you do do it just like that  boy you get the party poppin know just how to get me loose (Diddy) stop, stop  baby can I watch, watch  wanna see ya drop, drop  girl I gotta thang for ya  and I love your show, show you just let me know, know that you was a pro, pro I can't let you go oh oh I'm looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer I'm looking for some, looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer will you be my private entertainer and you look like an entertainer so I guess what I'm sayin will you be my private entertainer (Dawn) I see your hands  every bit of my attention is on you and you sexy thing  let me know that all night long you feel me too (Diddy) stop, stop  baby can I watch, watch  wanna see ya drop, drop  girl I gotta thang for ya  and I love your show, show you just let me know, know that you was a pro, pro I can't let you go oh I'm looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer I'm looking for some, looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer will you be my private entertainer and you look like an entertainer so I guess what I'm sayin (Dawn) baby I got somethin in store for you and you gonna get everything I do betcha Im a give it to you right now you wish that I could do it till you tell me to stay stay but the way that I'm movin you gon wish that I keep goin goin goin  (Diddy) stop, stop  baby can I watch, watch  wanna see ya drop, drop  girl I gotta thang for ya  and I love your show, show you just let me know, know that you was a pro, pro I can't let you go oh I'm looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer I'm looking for some, looking for some private entertainment and you look like an entertainer will you be my private entertainer and you look like an entertainer so I guess what I'm sayin will you be my private entertainer will you be my... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Black Rob, Kelly Price Album: Money Talks Soundtrack Song: No Way Out Chorus (Kelly) There's no way no way nowhere to go there's no way out There's no way no way nowhere to turn there's no way out (Puff talking over chorus) Yeah yeah uh huh no way out baby. You can't go nowhere ain't got nowhere to turn Yeah yeah ain't no way out. Ugh check this out Verse 1 (Puff) Ready to call it quits from all this shit even resign from the niggas I been ballin' with I'm second guessing all this negative energy It's making me realize why niggas really envy me I feel no sympathy it's tight ill plus I get slight chills when I write wills tired of looking at these ugly niggas with ice grills No tellin' what I might feel about my glory 2 sides to every story That's why I pray to God hoping that He reassure me The more the pain the more the game come with this territory I might dispose feelin' like my life been chose All I know in my life lotta ice and hoes when it's on My man there gat in his hand what you do when you got a master plan but half done ran Here's ya chance to prove you love 'em It's on and subbin' so hot it's feeling muggy. Really though. Chorus (Puff over chorus) No matter how bad it gets. It could be worse. Ain't no way out I gotta live my life you know. You gave me the ends. No matter how bad it gets there ain't no way out no way out. Verse 2 (Black Rob) I feel like this approach me with beef ya done I shoot through pants no chance to pull for ya gun man a lot of y'all cats can't stand that 1 on 1 wind up gettin' embarrassed ain't funny uh huh Despite the bullshit black still here makin' hits down at Chelsea Bea's via partaking flicks No matter what we have to come strapped with our gats We don't want to but y'all make us act like that It's a thousand Bad Boy cats ready to blam you La Familia I steal ya I know how my fam' do man handle tracks that be laced by Nas Rolex watch security straight from the Mosque Yo I'm all on my own G who should I trust Niggas bust B.I.G. now it seems they want us It's like no matter what I do I can't escape it ain't no going around it so I'ma be a man and just face it Chorus Verse 3 (Puff) It takes heart just to live in these streets you niggas lift the heat take the bitter with the sweet they can't hurt me no more than they already did They killed Big in my heart he forever lives there's no way out like you got Berrettas to my wig we were slugged then another blood shed my ribs uhh Now the question is Will I survive? Nigga gotta make it home I gotta still provide And I get the vibe niggas wanna live to try ain't no tellin' what this Bad Boy feel inside Blood hate the sweat pain be intensified I'm feelin' stranded as if I can't hitch a ride Now I tell my seed minimize the genocide plus I'm dangerous so numb I feel painless and you know what you tell them niggas who can't touch you You grab ya nuts and say MUTHAFUCK YOU! you invited got dones be indicted And if you kill me me and Big reunited WHAT NIGGA what nigga what nigga (Chorus over last line) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Shyne Album: P.E. 2000 CD-5 (Import Version) Song: P.E. 2000 Lost Remix Typed by: cosmicent@hotmail.com, CAppiah@windelsmarx.com [Puffy] Cohiba cigars, spittin' 16 bars, Spit on a dial, my Chopard See the reflection of the gods Spill Louie because, I'm supposed to, none close to Me flow hotter, see me in any way shape, don't bother - showstopper As for your hoe, cock the rhymes I wrote, murda like shocka Deem these bitches, stay on the penis I went from the Vernon, the curve servin', paper earnin' Got Arabians smugglin' dope in they turban Sit with two techs in my duplex, bulletproof vest In the shoot fest with the law Got it all, want more, future foreseen Keep the city how for Louie XIV Rob, Dep, and Shyne bring Bad Boy more cream Uncut hits nigga, lyrical morphine The overboss, fuck the cost, I 'ford it Next year, number 1 on the Forbe's list motherfuckas The hoes, the clothes, the cars, the loot Public Enemy Number One The plaques and the macs, bitch check my movies, uh Public Enemy Number One You can say what you want when you talk about me Public Enemy Number One You know where I be, it ain't hard to find me Public Enemy Number One [Shyne] Once again it's Shyne and, rhymin' Remarkable timin' Tryin' to sit up on the charts with a diamond Bottom line, ya teams get splashed with macs 17 caps and cats, for runnin' with my image Y'all finish Hence the don, doing two-fifteen on a autobon Louie Vittons, skunk on the back The flyest, tryin' to tell y'all motherfuckers can't deny us Fuckin' right, when God made me, He was biased No lies, yo highness with the most mob ties In the metropolitan, platinum child from the home of Chris Wallace So how could I not be hot? That's like Puff in the summertime without a drop Uncle Paul, posted up, without a glocks I chew coals & spit diamonds Jacob got nothin' on me, top ranks, stop banks The hoes, the clothes, the cars, the loot Public Enemy Number One The plaques and the macs, bitch check my movies, uh Public Enemy Number One You can say what you want when you talk about me Public Enemy Number One You know where I be, it ain't hard to find me Public Enemy Number One [Shyne] Rather its all from the guns to the brawl Coke to the alcohol, this young nigga want it all Time runnin' out on my front, nigga in pursuit of bigger things Arm, neck glitterin', shiverin' [Puffy] Fuck bein' broke Give that bitch a girdle tell her, "Transport my coke" On to Peter Pan, so we can get the two seater And lay up in the trunk for months Increase the lease, yeah, I got to eat [Shyne] Streets to Greece, stay up in the tape deck on seek, repeat Motion picture, my movie so sick, 4,5,6, ya die quick Y'all niggas ride dick, you test me, I wish I love to drill shit, kill shit, real quick On some top bill shit, half a mil with [Puffy] Soft or hard top, sedan or coupes be trial Every time, the law got too many loops Fuck my bitches in groups menaga Pimpin' ain't easy, but monogamy's harder Jets we charter, bring the slaughter [Shyne] Million dollar bracelets Your favorite DJ couldn't fade this, come on [Chorus 2x] The hoes, the clothes, the cars, the loot Public Enemy Number One The plaques and the macs, bitch check my movies, uh Public Enemy Number One You can say what you want when you talk about me Public Enemy Number One You know where I be, it ain't hard to find me Public Enemy Number One The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Hurricane G Album: Forever Song: PE 2000 (Spanish Version) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, dexter.gonzalez@puertorico.com [Hurricane G] Mira Puffy, oyeme papito Yo estoy cansada de estos hijos de su madre hablando mierda Tantos envidiosos, tu le tiene que ensenar como es esto okay Yo choque con uno hesteroso(?) en la calle Que estaban diciendo que tu te cres que eres el jefe de rap Y yo le dije raitru mano El es el enemigo numero uno del publico Haci que dale pa'lante con mucha energia Y que se hoda [Puffy] Para todo mis guerreros, Latinos caribenos Enfermo con dinero Arsa la mano y grita Viva Bad Boy familia Yo soy ese negrito, el mas querido por mis enemigos Yo celebro con los anteojitos(?) Por que traigo mi estilo rico de carito Representando con mi goriyo So mama mi bicho si tu quieres guerra A mi no me tumban de la tierra Hecha para atras maricon Yo soy el campeon, Don Puff Daddy de corazon [Hurricane G]: (Puffy): One, one, one, one (Numero uno del publico) One, one, one, one (Yeah P Diddy, espanol) One, one, one, one (Ha!) [Puffy]: Primo que te pasa contigo Por que tu quieres ser mi enemigo Por que soy un millonario Tengo los mejores carros Y yo ando Con mujeres caribenas Estrellas y muy bellas Bomba en su mini falda Meneando toda esa nalga Por que tengo soldados con almas Que espantan gangas Y no le dan nada So cojelo con cama Y tranquilo chico Te lo digo en vivo El scenario siempre va a ser mio [Hurricane G]: (Puffy): One, one, one, one (Numero uno del publico) One, one, one, one One, one, one, one (I like this one right here) [Puff]: Oh I am supposed to speak Spanish Check this out Otro unosticia y envidia Te lo digo esta limita Esto no es un juego por tu sero No producer dinero puedo ser muerto Por que no hay que me doquen Me oyen en el radio con este jote Yo no me preocupo, soy puro Y yo amo todo mi publico Raitru mano tengo un hijo de Jesus Brillando en la luz Con mucho lujo y mucho jugo Y te lo juro, yo te busco En el nuevo milenium Yo me muevo como el viento Representando en cual quier pueblo Hasta luego y punto Soy el papichulo conquistando el mundo [Hurricane G]: (Puffy): One, one, one, one (Uno) One, one, one, one (Uno) One, one, one, one (Yeah Hurricane) [Hurricane G]: Yeah asi mismo papito, eso es lo que yo estoy diciendo Tu le tienes que ensenar a estos mamahuevos Como es que va la vaina, tu sabes Por que ellos se pasan hablando mierda Hablando de lo que tiene uno Pero lo que no tienen ellos, tantos habladores So celosos que son un poquito malo Quieren guerra, pues toman un guerra maricon Bad Boy de corazon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ The Luniz, R. Kelly Album: Satisfy You 12" Song: Satisfy You (West Side Remix) Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Puffy] Yeah (Ooohhhh, baby) This right here goes out to all my West Side queens Bay Area (Ohhhhhh) Los Angeles San Diego (Yeahhhh) San Jose Matter of fact, the whole motherfuckin' West Coast (Wake up, wake up) Feel me? C'mon 1 - 	[R. Kelly] 	He don't understand you like I do 	No he'll never make love to you like I do 	So give it to me 	Cause I can show you 'bout a real love 	And I can promise anything that I do 	Is just to satisfy you [During 1] West Side remix West Side remix West Side remix Ladies and gentlemen Ha ha [Puffy] I'm the light when you can't see I'm that air when you can't breathe (That's right) I'm that feeling when you can't leave Some doubt, some believe (C'mon) Some lie, cheat, and deceive So it's only you and me (You and me) When you weak, I'll make you strong (Strong) Here's where you belong I ain't perfect, but I promise I won't do you wrong Keep you away from harm, my love is protected I'll wrap you in my arms so you'll never feel neglected  I'll just make you aware of what we have is rare (That's right) In the moment of despair, I'm the courage when you're scared Loyal, down for you, soon as I saw you Wanted to be there cause I could hold it down for you Be around for you, plant seeds in the soil Make love all night, bending bed coils (Feel me?) You're a queen, therefore I treat you royal (My queen) This is all for you, cause I simply adore you Repeat 1 I think I need a lil' bit help on this one Uh, yeah Where the Luniz at? C'mon [Numskull] Let me speak on it When I came out, I had the best of both women We ain't gotta do it, no lies Brothas in Africa got four wives Y'all both fine Want me to choose just one? On the under, maybe y'all two can do a lil' sumpin' sumpin' Cuz I don't mind, as many times I had to You did your thang, I did my thang, I ain't mad atchu I patted you on your back for your good deeds But the extraordinary mood swings I don't need It's a thug life you want, it's a thug life you won't get Cuz three whole hits of ecstasy, it make you won't get it I didn't wanna settle down, but now I'm willing to See, I'm Num to the world and now I'm feeling you See, you my little angel without the halo Don't sweat me when I'm out all night hanging with the payroll Ain't no women like the one got She don't subtract, she just add to the funds I got Repeat 1 [R. Kelly] (Puffy) Don't let him sing you a sad song  No, baby Waiting for love like this too long (I just wanna love you) You don't have to wait (I just want you to love me) You don't have to wait on him, baby All that you need I can give you (I'll be your king) You don't have to wait You don't have to wait on (And you my queen) (Hey, yo, Yukmouth, talk to them, man) I do (We gon' do this together, c'mon) You don't have to wait on him (Together) [Yukmouth] Whoo, whoo Playgirl only humped once wit' the thug, now she hump with a thug Who smoke blunts in the club, get pissy drunk at the tubs Backrubs like we in love on our honeymoon, newlyweds Whip cream, head, and rose petals on her cutchie, spread I gotchu shoppin' at Barney's, driving a black Ferrari That's why your girlfriends hate and talk smack about me Don't act selfish because your girls jealous They all look like Garbage Pail Kids Who gon' get they nails, they rock, and colorful wigs, Cookie Monster? They the type that drink 40s, smoke all your gonja In an orgy after the concert My girl, of course she's baller sponsor Campaign and platinum rangin' and car to ear Platinum frames and raps is flamin' I'm like Puff, two platinum chains and You Can't Hold Me Down Even Hurricane Floyd can't blow me down And took my girl and little boy just to slow me down Slow, slow me down Repeat 1 to fade [Puffy] This one out here goes out to all my sisters And the struggle holdin' it down by theyselves Waitin' for that karat From a king to a queen Feel me? I love you The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Lil' Kim, Mario Winans Album: Satisfy You Remix 12" Song: Satisfy You (Remix) Typed by: KrayzieDMX@hotmail.com Lil Kim: THIS IS THE REMIX, As we procede, to give you what you need, 2000 muthafuckas, get loud muthafuckas. Chorus- Mario Winans, (Puff Daddy), [Lil Kim], {Ronald Isley} 1 - (I'm the light when you can't see, I'm the air when you can't breathe, I'm that feeling when you can't leave. It won't stop) 2 - [I like this, yeah this is the remix] Ohhh, anything you want I'm gonna give it to you girl, Along aside your body, make you open up your world, I wanna satisfy you, {Satisfy, satisfy} I wanna satisfy you. (1) [2] Baby tell me can we fuck all through the night (can we fuck?) Lick your body up and down, Make you feel alright {I can almost taste you}, I wanna satisfy you, (1) {I wanna satisfy you, wanna satisfy you} I wanna satisfy you. [2] Puff Daddy (Mario): I wanna hit the four seasons, lie with you, Roll backward, get high with you, Let the jet fall out the sky, die with you, Rock minx and stay fly with you, (ooohhh) Bonny and Clyde, ghetto bride, Push my love aside, get you right, It ain't physical, it's spiritual, Make a nigga feel like he went to heaven and died (heaven and died), C'mon Gangsta love, love how we chill together, And we reachin Brazil together, [2] Count mills together, Niggas front, get ill together, Playas hate, but we still together, A name, for me to praise, To my dyin days, and I see the grave, True love, me and you love, [2] So whatchu wanna do love? Chorus (with slight different adlibs) Puff Daddy (Puff Daddy): You make me feel like, I've been locked down for years, And ain't had none, Strictly magnon, Walk around the room neked (naked), and make dragon, Gangsta sarcasm, (That's right) Ask who's pussy is this? (Who's pussy is this?) Multi orgasms, catchin back spasms, [woman moaning] High off ex (ecstacy), rough sex, just so much, take that. [2] Plus together, nothin better, Uncomparable, can't measure, (can't measure) What I feel for you, my treasure, There through it all, thick and thin, take the pressure, Come, real bitch, feel this, real love, what an affair, My love, there to the nair (near). [2] Chorus - Lil Kim (Puff Daddy): How you want me baby? Butt naked on some rug shit? Or thugged out on some Cryps and some Bloods shit, It's your call, the queen do it all, Anything you do for me, I do 10 times more, Forget the small talk, let me sit on your face, Rockin moves like a hoola hoop around my waist, Pushin fantasies, can I fulfill your wish, Bet it's me with some niggas, or me with a bitch. [2] Whooo! Whooo! Time to get freaky, freaky, Get my Price cd, do me babyy. (Kim, I think you're the one for me, Let's get married so you can have a son for me.) Not now baby, stick your tongue in me, Make me feel good, I might let you cum in me, The way you call me mommy, ooh I love it, [2] Make me wanna go public, Tell the whole world that I'm your girl, Take pictures with our moms on the cover of New York Times, Grew up bad, just like his mom and dad, A real nigga is all I want, all I ever had, Things you do, give a bitch to choose, Like writing out "I Love You" in hundered dollar bills, Feed each other fruits like kiwi and mango, Rock kangos, while we do the durango, And when we fight, we both get bruised, Lie to everybody, say they matchin tattoos, My nigga got beef, ain't shit you can tell me, I cut a nigga's throat like Shaquita from Bellarmy. I wanna house in Africa, ??? in my back yard, Businesses surrounded by security guards, With a big ass club called "Kim n Him" And a crew full of dollars I can go spend with him. Chorus to fade. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Chuck D Album: Forever (Aust. bonus track) and "Satisfy You" single Song: PE 2000 (Rock Remix) Typed by: dingle@cpaonline.com.au [Puff Daddy] One, two, one, two and the place to be As it is plain to see I am the crushed proven The body movin, the record breakin, and the record makin Yeah  One, two, one, two One, two, one, two and the place to be As it is plain to see I am the record makin, the record breakin, the booty shakin (One, two, one, two and the place to be) As it is plain to see I am the crushed proven The body movin, the record breakin and the record makin And it goes a little somethin like this: [Puff Daddy] Here I am, where's my enemies? Fear no man, whoever you send to me Won't last long, I'm to strong I disagree in between right and wrong Watch all the men that's around you drop When will the madness stop? When will the nonsense cease? The war or the peace rage is the way I release So you want it, I surprise you, take alive you Penalise you, a sibalise you My eyes seen the comin of your downfall Weaker than all, identified you with raw I found strength when he heard my call Pray to cry number You can't win if it's on again, I'm a call 'em in Let them all begin, you know prevails  Who never fails, who excels Who's left when all else has been destroyed The righteous ones to hard to avoid Come on Public Enemy My eyes seen the comin of your downfall Public Enemy  Public Enemy  Public Enemy  Public Enemy  My eyes seen the comin of your downfall Public Enemy  Public Enemy  Public Enemy  Come on huh and I sing [Mista Chuck] Oh no, here goes trouble God damn, now watch the weevils wobble under the rubble (What) (Bounce wit me) Shot no photo shoots got the whole troop backed by the proop Man salute to the troops un nuclear from nukes confrontation Can't stop out the corporation With all my might at night backed by fist fights Nothing to lose one choice to choose once for fools A pro for interludes both the blessed in the cursed So I trip to know what figures in the verse Now who feelin' worse the real a real threat Pull a Generation X style object Broadcast free at last (free at last)  Anti violence repast So I pray [PD] MOTHERFUCKER'S! My eyes seen the comin of your downfall Public Enemy  Public Enemy  Public Enemy  My eyes seen the comin of your downfall Public Enemy  Public Enemy  God somebody help me Come on You see I just wanna get in to do mine What kinda, kinda fucking problem you got with me I ain't do nothin to you but make a whole lotta money BIACH! Come On [Puff Daddy] Can't be touched, can't be takin Face to face with em never once seen shakin Can't be scared or prepared be dared Can't be controlled when I flare I'm hard to hold, hard to fold, difficult to roll No one can stop my stroll Won't be defeated or deleted Be cheated, stampeded over, I repeat it Can't lose can't be refused, nigga's can't snooze Are you payin your dues? All the P's and Q's Never been accused, walkin with the light Coming with the bad moves Better flee for your life like a refugee Cause I'm comin for you, so God help me Now throw your hands in the air, better be prepared Better stay aware, better say your prayers MOTHERFUCKER'S I be your Public Enemy Come On Public Enemy Public Enemy Public Enemy Public Enemy Oh God damn Come on Can't be stopped, I refuse to stop, I will never stop I refuse to stop, I will never stop Huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Sting, Prazwell Album: forthcoming compilation of Sting/Police greatest hits Song: Roxanne * * send corrections to HJWESS1@MSG.PACBELL.COM [Puff] Yeah ye ye yeah yeah Sting, Bad Boy remix come on [Pras] Yo yo yo Hey yo shake what ya mama gave you is her motto pour out the bottle blow out the candle too broke to hold too shallow to handle get all today you never promised tomorrow Yeah her moves remind me of kung fu flicks Thick lips that contradicts rules of the game she plays the politics Red light special red light district put on ya make up body all made up Platinum played up Pearl Jam cut up Roxanne Roxanne you don't really have to put on ya red dress if you feeling kind of blue She got the hots for the disco jocks rock ya socks at the pop of the tops Never get cool like to call it Glock Twisted minded like Bob Zealot Roxanne (Roxanne Roxanne) You dont have to put on the red light (ye ye ye yeah yeah) Those days are over You dont have to sell your body to the night (c'mon)(Roxanne Roxanne) Roxanne Roxanne Roxanne You dont have to wear that dress tonight (remix) Walk the streets for money You dont care if it's wrong or if it's right (ye ye yeah) Verse Two: Yo what's the haps girl, dancing for the green paperback Sitting at the bar drinking up Cognac She steps in the room, dont know how to act Sweet in emergence, similar to Similac It was the hat Cats wanna be around her shine She wants to party, have a good time She feels kind of hot me feelin' feelin' fine Diggin' all her life just to get a gold mine Bro making the streets she's the pimper's paradise Jewels around her neck getting strong with the ice She said I heard of ya crew I'm the number one fan Of the refugees down from the islands Driving the Bentleys with her pretty pretty friends Sippin' colada every day is a weekend Heard your name was Pras outta Brooklyn And fifteen million place with your total sound scan I loved you since I knew you (I like this part, Roxanne Roxanne) I wouldn't talk down to you I have you to tell just how I feel (Roxanne Roxanne) I won't share you with another boy (Ye ye ye yeah yeah) I know my mind is made up (Roxanne Roxanne) So put away your makeup (Roxanne Roxanne) Told you once I wont tell you again It's a bad way (Ye ye yeah, yeah) Roxanne You dont have to put on the red light Roxanne You dont have to put on the red light x2 Roxanne Roxanne I wanna be your man Put on the red light Roxanne Roxanne I wanna be your man Put on the red light Roxanne Roxanne I wanna be your man Put on the red light Repeat until end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy & David Bowie f/ Black Rob, Loon, Kain, Mark Curry Album: Training Day Soundtrack Song: American Dream Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com [P. Diddy] This is not America Bad Boy baby, David Bowie, let's go [Chorus: David Bowie] This is not America This is not America This is not America This is not America [P. Diddy] Land where my father died, land where my children cried Come on, America, ain't no barriers Free the strings, let's see how freedom rings One nation all gettin' down for the dollars And the heat is gettin' hotter But a lot don't understand Just the way some plan to break you I done seen the whole thing go straight through Hungry for it, I'ma make you Pay back what's due to me Everybody gonna see, look what they put upon me Made me a monster, two steps beyond ya More streets to wonder For which it stands for cause let's get it Cause I'ma get mine for damn sure, come on [Loon] Screens, greens car candy painted Chicks in cream is the American dream, ain't it? I pledge allegiance to Beamers, dark skies Sleepless nights on the block, two for fives Deep in the struggles but need the hustle Weed and blow shit I make the block bubble I'm to the point where I'm playa hatin' Fool in the stash and I'm losin' my patience Medieval times in the chest of the beast Come around sniffin' I'ma mess up ya fleece Job lookin' I'd rather be pot cookin' It's not America, son this is Brooklyn Home of the shiesty, home of the crook We signed joints, ain't scared to do a took My country tis of thee, where there's no liberty Just misery, ya heard me [Kain] Now why can't I breathe with a gun and come free If six dead people run this country Now they come cause my crew's too large Who the fuck put chu' in charge Runnin' around here like you is God Then they wonder why the shootin' starts Gettin' checks with half my stacks I forgot George Bush wrote half my raps Murderin' people for blastin' facts Then blamin' other cats for their tragic acts I'm tryin' to get paid till my eyes is closin' Cops is like freeze and I'm already frozen So they clap and they brawl in hysteria Tappin' Jackson callin' this area Green gots cats crawlin' to bury ya Don't blame Kain for the fall of America [Mark Curry] Uh, yo what about these streets here Before y'all creep here Look around we there 365 days a year Lines to cross no fear And what appears to be roses See I'm knowin' this When I chose this What's right In broad day or night More dope deals I'm tryin' to stay on my heels Every day's training day Some things not in explainin' ways Who said crimes don't pay Choices to make Ain't too many chances left to take Things look so green The sign of the times corruption politics, youg ones dyin' What you made of Either hate or love Pressure on the nine when push come to shove [David Bowie] A little piece of you (I'm ya worst nightmare) A little peace in me A little piece of you (This is not America) A little peace in me Will go [Black Rob] Yo, why you cocksuckers pullin' me over Racial profilin' me cause I ain't pushin' no Nova I'm up to par lookin' I know police corruption is up this year and y'all crooked Took my hard white Had niggas sellin' the same block, pumpin' the same night Arrest me, come to court and lie Yeah that's him, pointin' like I'm the guy What chu' want those is me of the block Yo, so you can serve fiends everytime they knock Just last summer had the mad Hummer They took that and didn't even give me they badge number So how am I supposed to feel Who I'm supposed to call when the shit gets real Word man I'd rather dial 8-1-1 when it's important Plus they ain't tryin' to score like Ed Norton, word [Chorus to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ 112, Faith Evans Album: A Tribute to the Notorious B.I.G. EP Song: I'll Be Missing You Intro: Puff Daddy Yeah... this right here (tell me why) Goes out, to everyone, that has lost someone That they truly loved (c'mon, check it out) Verse One: Puff Daddy Seems like yesterday we used to rock the show I laced the track, you locked the flow So far from hangin on the block for dough Notorious, they got to know that Life ain't always what it seem to be (uh-uh) Words can't express what you mean to me Even though you're gone, we still a team Through your family, I'll fulfill your dream (that's right) In the future, can't wait to see If you'll open up the gates for me Reminisce some time, the night they took my friend (uh-huh) Try to black it out, but it plays again When it's real, feelings hard to conceal Can't imagine all the pain I feel Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath) I know you still living your life, after death  Chorus: Faith Evans Every step I take, every move I make Every single day, every time I pray I'll be missing you Thinkin of the day, when you went away What a life to take, what a bond to break I'll be missing you [Puff] I miss you Big Verse Two: Puff Daddy It's kinda hard with you not around (yeah) Know you in heaven smilin down (eheh) Watchin us while we pray for you Every day we pray for you Til the day we meet again In my heart is where I'll keep you friend Memories give me the strength I need (uh-huh) to proceed Strength I need to believe My thoughts Big I just can't define (can't define) Wish I coul turn back the hands of time Us in the six, shop for new clothes and kicks You and me taking flicks Makin hits, stages they receive you on Still can't believe you're gone (can't believe you're gone) Give anything to hear half your breath (half your breath) I know you still living you're life, after death  Chorus [Faith Evans] Somebody tell me why Interlude: Faith Evans One black morning When this life is over I know I'll see your face Outro: 112 Every night I pray, every step I take Every move I make, every single day Every night I pray, every step I take 	[Puff] Every day that passes Every move I make, every single day 	[Puff] Is a day that I get closer 	[Puff] To seeing you again Every night I pray, every step I take 	[Puff] We miss you Big... and we won't stop Every move I make, every single day 	[Puff] Cause we can't stop... that's right Every night I pray, every step I take Every move I make, every single day 	[Puff] We miss you Big Chorus 2X with variations Chorus 1X with interlude 2X over the top to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Lox Album: Tribute to the Notorious B.I.G. EP Song: We'll Always Love Big Poppa (Mmm... can't believe we doin this record) We'll always love Big Poppa We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *vocals get louder* We'll always love Big Poppa We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) We'll always love Big Poppa (Yeah) We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) I look in the clouds, hope you past the sun Hope you right next to God and he calling you Son Taking you in, Angels breaking you in This is heaven and no longer do you have to sin And may God bless your mom and your two children Your wife, your family and all your friends Everybody stay strong, the good die young Where we from it's all wrong, we all confused Never know what we have til what we have we lose Think Big, we just lost a very big jewel Hip-hop itself is at a pit-stop itself Seeing Big die I wish the shit would stop itself It hurts, you're probably too good for this earth Genius at his work Made dirty cats wanna get a clean shirt Pop Cristal and rock they ice work (word), go Big *go Big* Everybody wanted to know Big Made the rap biz, glitter like showbiz Ask anybody, who could flow Big All the cats shined, but you would glow Big Frank White lyrically, moved niggaz spiritually Made you wanna get a cup, fill it up with Hennessee Front in the club and light a dutch where the women be If you seen the show then I know you felt the energy We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *repeat 8X* Just to let y'all know, everything is all real But it's sad when a good fella catch a raw deal And pain is a part of life that we all feel Today this whole rap game is getting more ill It make me look back, to where he took rap Dude brought the East back, y'all better believe that He never had a warning, One More Chance was right before him everybody must answer when God's callin I flew B's wit him, I blew trees wit him Couldn't wait to go on tour across seas wit him People seem to get lost and, blow things out of proportion Life is worth more than the coffin I need answers, and they better be the truth Hurts like a bad tooth, we losin mad youth Lyrically there'll never be no one above you And no matter how they judge you we always gonna love you We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *repeat 4X* Right now I know you missin it, smokin in peace After all this bullshit don't cease, huh Big Right now, you and Pac in harmony, probably huggin While everybody from Brooklyn to West coast is buggin All these gang wars, Big, show me a sign As for your son I'ma raise Shorty like he was mine (no doubt) It seems that the devil got his stinkin back whooped And we should pray for Jesus, and ask for forgiveness I can remember all the studio time, getting twisted Bottle after bottle, Bacardi Lime, I miss it We clicked like heels when we first met the Junior Ma-f-i-a and Big Po-ppa Nearly broke down four times writin this verse Filled with wild madness and sadness it hurts But ain't no need to cry, cause right now, where you at Is more laced than any place a millionaire lived at But it's sad that it takes that for us to unite The only time you see your family is funeral night Christopher Wallace, Frank White, holdin it down I guess you with the real king in New York now For real We'll always love Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) *repeat 6X* We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa *repeat 2X* We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa (We'll always love you Big) We'll always love Big Poppa, Big Poppa, Big Poppa... (We'll always love you Big) Artist: Run f/ Mase, Puff Daddy, Salt & Pepa, Onyx, and Keith Murray Album: A Very Special Christmas #3 Song: Santa Baby Verse 1: Run It was December 24 on Hollis after the dark My man Santa saw a rabbi and gave the strangest remark He said that giving was his living and I had to take part So I grabbed a bag of goodies and I hopped up on his cart I laced the pockets of the poor and gave the hoodie a play Dropped some dollars up on Hollis and I went on my way I hear your jingle Mr. Kringle peep the single, my man so Santa hit a brotha off and come as quick as you can! [chorus] Santa Baby Just slip a Benzo under the tree for me A '98 convertible, light blue I'm looking for a fly guy, like you So hurry down the chimney tonight... Verse 3: Ma$e Now all Mase know When its eight twenty-four He be looking at the door for the ho ho ho Cause I know When theres a christmas uptown Ain't no chimney for santa to come down Verse 4: Puffy Daddy Now to me, PD I had alot Appreciated everything that I got Though I used to take my pops Who aint caught me shaking the box Cause I knew I couldn't wait till it turned 12 o'clock Verse 5: Snoop Doggy Dogg Cookies and Milk Satin and Silk I'm chillin in the living room, wrapped in a quilt I'm waiting on this fat Red Suit wearing-comparing My gifts to my homeboy next door to me A gift here, none there, but who cares My little sister needs a comb just to braid her nappy hair Bbut here we go again waiting on the enemy To slide down the chimney Look here, that ain't reality [chorus] Santa Baby Just slip a Benzo under the tree for me A '98 convertible, light blue I'm looking for a fly guy, like you So hurry down the chimney tonight... Verse 6: Salt & Pepa Santa Baby, are you really real? Chris Kringle Let me see you make my pockets jingle (ching ching) We need some jobs in the ghetto Too much gangbanging where kids are playin I hear the church bells ringing On christmas eve I believe Jesus-calling me Forget the gifts and the shopping lists And the new kicks Your just falling for tricks (you better praise him) [chorus] Santa Baby Just slip a Benzo under the tree for me A '98 convertible, light blue I'm looking for a fly guy, like you So hurry down the chimney tonight... Verse 7: Fredro Starr It's the gritty-the grimy The low down, the shifty Yo Sticky, christmas time in the city Late night, stars are bright We gettin rocked! With the 50 St. Nicholas Start rippin this Verse 8: Sticky Fingaz Its the Grinch who stole christmas Climbin down ya chimney Kids open up they gifts They all gonna be empty Just like mine was I hate to say it But if I wasnt a boy I wouldnt have had nuthin to play wit! Verse 9: Keith Murray On December 25th I knew I wasn't getting jack when I saw Santa Claus on the corner buying crack I ran up on him with the (blur) and asked him "yo whats up with that?" He said "there aint no christmas kid" and I can't get him back Back in the days, Christmas was deep My moms put presents under the tree while I played sleep And peeped ha! Santa Claus never gave me nuthin Seen them mad faces, lying and frontin So do some good to the ghetto, Mr. Chris Kringle Come and stay awhile, kick it with God's Angel Take and acknowledge my wisdom and understand That Santa Claus is a black man  word up [chorus 2 times] Santa Baby Just slip a Benzo under the tree for me A '98 convertible, light blue I'm looking for a fly guy, like you So hurry down the chimney tonight... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ Mase, Carl Thomas Album: Victory 12" Song: Been Around the World (Remix) Typed by: rooba390@makani.k12.hi.us (laughs) Yeah, uh uh Turn me up a little bit Yeah kid, Harlem on the rise Yeah, turn me up a little bit more Uh-huh, uh-huh We like it Uh-huh, uh-huh Yeah kid, Harlem on the rise This the remix '98 And you don't want no problem with us guys Let's go Chorus: Puffy, (Mase), [Carl Thomas] I been around (Uh-huh, uh-huh) I been around the world (Uh-huh, uh-huh) [I been around] I been around (Uh-huh, uh-huh) [Been around] I been around the world (Uh-huh, uh-huh) [Ai-yeah] I been around (Uh-huh, uh-huh) [Aiii, yeah-yeah-yeah] We ain't gon' stop I been around the world (Uh-huh, uh-huh) [Whoaou] I been around We don't even know how to stop I been around the world Verse One: Mase Yo, yo Now trick what? Lace who? That ain't what Mase do Got a lotta girls that'll love to replace you Tell it to your face boo, not behind your back Cats talk slick, we never mind that Funny never find that Puff a dimestack Write hot stuff that make people say 'Rewind that' People know, you go against the Harlem Jiggalo Getcha hoe, lick her low, make your girl trick your dough I represent honies with money, fly guys, and jets Ride with the tints that be thirty-five percent Hoes hope I lay, so I look both ways Cop says okay, my tint smoke gray No way, people leave without handin' me my chips Got plans to get my land and my 6 People outta town'll understand these hits Pop champagne like I won a championship Chorus: Puffy, [Carl Thomas] I been around [Been around] I been around the world [I been around] I been around [Been around] I been around the world [Ai-yeah] I been around [Aiii, yeah-yeah-yeah] I been around the world Can't stop the power I been around [Whoaou] I been around the world Verse Two: Puff Daddy Yea-yea, yeah, yeah I was in one bedroom, dreamin of a million Now my beach houses creamed to the ceiling I was a gentleman livin in tenements Now I'm swimmin' in all the women every tens Went from Bad Boys to the Crushed Linen Men Now my dividends be the new Benjamins Chicks of all complexions, I like cinnamon Mase you got some girls, well playboy Send 'em in What you waitin' for let the freakshow begin How they came in a truck (Mase: Nah Puff, that's a Benz) Mercedes, come here baby You don't like the way it's hot and hazy Never shady, you must be crazy It's ridiculous how they keep their lips on this Don't kiss right there, girlfriend I'm ticklish And I be switchin fees with a wrist full of G's Playa please, I'm the macaroni with the cheese Chorus: Puffy, [Carl Thomas] I been around Yea-yea, yeah, yeah I been around the world [I been around] I been around [Been around] I been around the world [Ai-yeah] I been around [Aiii, yeah-yeah-yeah] I been around the world Can't stop the power I been around [Whoaou] I been around the world Verse Three: Mase, Puff Daddy What, what You don't know who the hell I be Can tell I be Now hasta la vista, c'est la vie Now what have we a cat in a Bentley waggy That keep cats saggy, roll with P-Daddy Some be wanna bag me, girls be one to stab me I be more than gladly to tell a foe Yo, you ain't offendin' me It ain't like you the third son of the Kennedy Or even in a mob where you can send for me But all until you talk you don't ever spend a G I know how it be You know me from before when I used to detour Down in B-more, push the E or  Days I just kick it My crew buys Crystal just so we can spit it All that expensive stuff just so that we can shit it Be a lot of places that you niggaz can't visit Talking cause I live it repeat Chorus Outro: (Heard in background) The remix 9-8, B.I.G. forever Can't stop and we won't stop We don't even know how to stop Let's go, Big ???, Big Carl Harlem on the rise and you don't want no problem with us guys L-O-X, Little Justin I see Quincy Ha ha ha, ahh, 9-8 we got a game We gon keep puttin it on your ass And we won't stop, we don't even know how to stop repeat chorus till fade Artist: All-Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On Typed by: compbuttons@hotmail.com, www.whats-going-on.org [P. Diddy] What's Going On [Jermaine Dupri] Tell Me [P. Diddy] People Dying People Crying Lord help us [Bono] Mother, mother There's too many of you crying [Gwen Stefani] Oh, brother, brother, brother There's far too many of you dying [Jermaine Dupri] That's Right [Aaron Lewis] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Nona Gaye] Oh my father, father We don't need to escalate [Nick - Backstreet Boys] You see war is not the answer [Nona Gaye/Backstreet Boys] For only love can conquer hate [Christina Aguilera] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Britney Spears] Barricades, can't block our way [Destiny's Child] Don't punish me with brutality [Britney Spears] Talk to me [Destiny's Child] So you can see [Destiny's Child/Britney Spears: First Chorus] Oh what's going on What's going on Yeah what's going on Ahh what's going on [Ja Rule] What's going on in a world filled with pain Where's the love for which we pray What's going on When our children can't play Homeless can't eat There's got to be a better way What's going on When we politically blind Can't see the signs of endangered times What's going on [Nelly Furtado] Ah tell me What's going on in the world today I'd rather be dead Than turn my head away We gotta first world vision to complete, to lift our Hands in the air and cry for a switch [Michael Stipe] Father, father [P. Diddy] Father help us, come on [Michael Stipe] Everybody thinks we're wrong [Alicia Keys] Oh, but who are they to judge us Together we can all be strong [P. Diddy] United we stand, United we fall [J.C. - N'Sync] Oh you know we've got to find a way [Mary J. Blige] To bring some understanding here today [Justin - N'Sync] Barricades can't block our way Don't punish me with brutality Baby talk to me So you can see [Second chorus] Yeah, what's going on Hey, what's going on Somebody tell me what's going on Somebody tell me what's goin' on-uh [Nelly] What's going on 'cross seas Every minute a child dies by this disease In record numbers indeed Got momma's crying out please My baby hold on My child ain't done nothing wrong Still I want to holler Ask them why they don't bother Oh no, oh no Make me turn to my father And ask him why they all got a trapped soul [Nas] I can feel what was bothering Marvin Why his words forever remain Dealing with these modern day problems 'Cause of ignorance surrounding me and my constituents Too many infected Too many lives diminishing Nobody say Protestants, Jews, Blacks, and Whites, Latinos and Asians Pray together Let's fight We better unite As genocide chemical war And the rich and the poor Know that God delivers a cure [Eve] It's a shame our reality is devastating People praying for a cure Dying while they're waiting Ask the Lord for the comfort and strength to face it All the kids with dreams Won't get the chance to chase it Makes me sad Think about the lives they would've had Think about the orphan babies got no moms and dads How can we sit back and not try to make it right We gotta come together We gotta fight for life [Fred Durst] Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) We got human beings using humans for a bomb But everybody wanna live Don't nobody really want to die You feeling me right I can't be watching people die And watching people cry Let me break it down for a minute If there's enough room here for you and for me There's plenty of room for some humanity Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Artist: All-Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On (J. Dupri RnB Remix) Typed by: dmxx67@hotmail.com, www.whats-going-on.org [P. Diddy] What's Going On [Jermaine Dupri] Tell Me P Diddy (Jermaine Dupri): People Dying (Yeah) People Crying (Uh-huh) Lord help us (C'mon) [Bono] Mother, mother There's too many of you crying [Gwen Stefani] Oh, brother, brother, brother There's far too many of you dying [Jermaine Dupri] That's Right [Aaron Lewis] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Nona Gaye] Oh my father, father We don't need to escalate [Backstreet Boys] You see war is not the answer [Nona Gaye/Backstreet Boys] For only love can conquer hate [Christina Aguilera] You know we've got to find a way To bring some lovin' here today [Britney Spears] Barricades, can't block our way [J-Lo] Don't punish me with brutality [Destiny's Child] Talk to me So you can see [Destiny's Child/Britney Spears] (First Chorus) Oh what's going on What's going on Yeah what's going on Ahh what's going on [Ja Rule] What's going on in a world filled with pain Where's the love for which we pray What's going on When our children can't play Homeless can't eat There's got to be a better way What's going on When we politically blind Can't see the signs of endangered times What's going on [Nelly Furtado] Ah ah tell me What's goin' on in the world today. I'd rather be dead than to turn my head away We got this first world vision too Comfy to lift up our hands in the air And cry for a switch [Michael Stipe] Father, father [P. Diddy] Father help us, come on [Michael Stipe] Everybody thinks we're wrong [Alicia Keys] Oh, but who are they to judge us Together we can all be strong [P. Diddy] United we stand, Divided we fall [N'Sync] Oh you know we've got to find a way [Mary J. Blige] To bring some understanding here today [N'Sync] Barricades can't block our way [Darren Hayes] Don't punish me with brutality [N'Sync] Baby talk to me So you can see (Second chorus) Yeah, what's going on Hey, what's going on Somebody tell me what's going on I'll tell you what's goin' on-uh [Nelly] What's going on 'cross seas Every minute a child dies by this disease In record numbers indeed Got momma's crying out please My baby hold on My child ain't done nothing wrong Still I want to holler Ask them why they don't bother Oh no, oh no Make me turn to my father And ask him why they all got a trapped soul [Nas] I can feel what was bothering Marvin Why his words forever remain Dealing with these modern day problems 'Cause of ignorance surrounding me and my constituents Too many infected Too many lives diminishing Nobody say Protestants, Jews, Blacks, and Whites, Latinos and Asians Pray together Less fight We better unite As genocide chemical war And the rich and the poor Know that God delivers a cure [Eve] It's a shame our reality is devastating People praying for a cure Dying while they're waiting Ask the Lord for the comfort and strength to face it All the kids with dreams Won't get the chance to chase it Makes me sad Think about the lives they would've had Think about the orphan babies got no moms and dads How can we sit back and not try to make it right We gotta come together We gotta fight for life [Lil' Kim] Uh uh uh uh See I come from the streets A world with racism and poverty It's hard to make peace Little girl with big dreams You don't have to settle We gone get out the ghetto We fight but still things ain't right Too many dying Lord knows I keep trying You don't know the pain I feel I miss you B.I.G. Let's find a cure for A.I.D.S Oh Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) Somebody tell me what's going on (what's going on) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Blige, Mary J. f/ Notorious B.I.G, Puff Daddy Album: What's The 411? - The Remixes Song: What's The 411? (Remix) Typed by: dallas@gdi.net [Puff Daddy] Oh shit (what's that man) I don't know kid, I think it's a party going on Oh it's the remix Check it, yeah muthafuckas What we about to do right about now We gonna get kinda funky I am the Puff Daddy And I'm rolling with my man Biggie Smalls, Mary J. Blige and J-C from Jodeci And we about to do something new And we about to Check it, say what, say what CHORUS: [Biggie] Hey yo, what's the 411, hun (What's the 411, hun) I know you got it going on (Hey yo, I got it going on) [Biggie] As I sit back relax Steam a blunt, sip a Becks Think about the sexy singers that I wanna sex I'd probably go to jail  For fuckin Patti Labelle Ooh Regina Belle, she'd probably do me swell Jasmine Guy was fly Mariah Carey, kinda scary Wait a minute what about my honey Mary The jeans they fittin like a glove I had a crush on you since Real Love Hold your horses I'ma show ya who the boss of intercourse is Sex, I'm takin no losses Even groups like SWV and TLC Can't see B-I-G with telepathy The recipe, a picture hardcore with a gun Pimpin ain't easy but it's always fun When it comes to nuts, I bust'em one by one So what's the 4-1-1 hun CHORUS [Mary J. Blige] Yeah nigga, what makes you better than the next nigga Seen you last week in your black ass car, freak You try to play like Mr all of that But now you wanna come to me with some chit-chat I don't have no time for no wham-bam thank you mam Gas me up, get me drunk and hit, then you scram The same old shit you pulled last week on Pam I'm not having it, no I'm not having it You got to do a lot more of this, that how it be I'm Mary Blige and you just ain't running up in me I need a man who's looking out for some security So come correct with some respect, and then we'll see So if you with it, then rock the 7-digits And I might just give you a call (Damn) If you ain't with it then don't waste your time at all Biggie Smalls, and you don't stop All my love dreams that I've had And my dreams are very special All my life I've looked for you And you make the dream come true You make me another you Love like this is kind of special Things you seem to do devine This is ours to combine I know our love must make a begining Love is life and life is living [Puff Daddy] I like, the sexiest muthafucka And I want to bust the 411 '94 is here We gonna have something new for you on this next album, man Yeah, we gonna have something new for your asses We going to keep it funky Yeah, it's a Bad Boy thing My man Raj on the remix tip Yeah, big shouts to the uptown crew Ugh, to all the people in the Bronx and nation Funk nation that is, that recorded the album My man Busta Rhymes, my man Grand Puba, check it Ugh, yeah, Flip Gray in the house My man Buttnaked, Tim Dawg, ugh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Diddy-Dirty Money f/ Rick Ross, Trey Songz Album: Your Love (Remix) single Song: Your Love (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Trey Songz] We in the motherfuckin buildin!! A hundred fuckin bottles [Diddy] (Ross) (Ruh...) Can you hear the train? (Ruh...) Can you hear the train comin? (Dirty Money) {M-M-M-M-Maybach Music} You know what it is {It's that DIRTY MONEY} [Rick Ross] (Diddy) {Songz} I got a certain habit purchasin automobiles (Yeah..) Watch a hundred carats, this is what a Audemar is (Uh-huh) Walk up in the spot and we the trillest niggaz in here (C'mon) Grab 'er by her arms, suck her neck 'til she surrenders (C'mere) Is it him? (Yeah) Valet the BM (Uh-huh) Not a baller, but ballin above the rim (That's right) Still +Blowin Money Fast+, Boston George, countin money Chick finer than Wylona, so I let her count it for me (Say what) She got a nice bubble when she rockin Robin jeans (Don't stop) Smokin all the loud, but the neighbors can hear us scream (Yea-yea) Blew a milli in a club, next day we made five (C'mon)  Smokin on a jet, they bill your card with the fine (Rosay!) {Yeaaaaaaaah!} Never mind, Dirty Money ballin on another planet If I bought another Coupe, you niggaz couldn't stand it {C'meeeere!} MC Hammer in the flesh -- 357 Baby girl a thug, she use her pussy as a weapon (Le'go, le'go) Ruh! [Trey Songz] Girl I want you face down first thing when I wake up Already got you covered girl ain't no need for make-up I just need a camera and someone to tape us Internet ain't ready for the way that we gon' make love Got me fiendin right now, girl I need you right now Tryin to hold back but you can get it Don't tease me right now, baby please me right now Girl scream yes if you with it [Chorus One: Trey Songz] Got, got-got, got-got one question, one question for you When I'm goin through withdrawls tell me what I'm 'sposed to do Cause I need your love, I want your love Girl it ain't the same if I ain't got your love Your love, your love, your love, your love All I want is you baby, all I want is you baby All I really want is you, your touch, your sex is my drug All I want is you babe, only one is you baby [Dirty Money] I, I-I-I'ma put it in yo' face boy as soon as you wake up I know you wanna hit it, want me to be your little slut If you do it good, boy I'll return the favor Baby I'm tired of the bed I wanna try it on the table Boy I fiendin right now, boy I need you right now Come a-come a, come a little closer you can get it Don't tease me right now, better please me right now Let your tongue walk on this pussy!! [Chorus Two: Dirty Money] Got, got-got, got-got one question, one question for you When I'm goin through withdrawls tell me what I'm 'sposed to do Cause I need your love, I want your love Boy it ain't the same if I ain't got your love Your love, your love, your love, your love All I want is you baby, all I want is you baby All I really want is you, your touch, your sex is my drug All I want is you babe, only one is you baby [Diddy] You takin too long to make up your mind baby Now check this out Bitch you know I'm Diddy hoe, real deally-o Real estate in the states, spillin in Philly yo I did it for the team, I did it for you shorty I did it for the fans, I did it for the glory Cocky nigga still half cockin my Yankee fitted My wrists Rocky, Sylvester Stallone, Jacob did it Early birds, furry furs His and hers, baby girl silver spurs You know I stay on my grind and she be right there The shit I'm doin won't be seen or done for light years Talkin me and you, the world is ours All we need is our love, money, and the power Talk to 'em [Dirty Money] My love (my love) your love (your love) Your sex (your sex) is my drug (is my drug) Boy I need your body here tonight I ain't leavin this club without your love [ad libs by Trey Songz and Dirty Money to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Puff Daddy f/ The Lox Album: It's All About the Benjamins 12" Song: It's All About the Benjamins Verse One: Puff Daddy Now... what y'all wanna do? Wanna be ballers? Shot-callers? Brawlers -- who be dippin in the Benz wit the spoilers On the low from the Jake in the Taurus Tryin to get my hands on some Grants like Horace Yeah livin the raw deal, three course meals Spaghetti, fettucini, and veal But still, everything's real in the field And what you can't have now, leave in your will But don't knock me for tryin to bury seven zeros, over in Rio Dijanery Ain't nobody's hero, but I wanna be heard on your Hot 9-7 everyday, that's my word Swimmin in women wit they own condominiums Five plus Fives, who drive Millineums It's all about the Benjamins, what? I get a fifty pound bag of ooh for the mutts Five carats on my hands wit the cuts And swim in European figures Fuck bein a broke nigga Verse Two: Jadakiss (overlaps last two lines of Puff Daddy) I want a all chromed out wit the clutch, nigga Drinkin malt liquor, drivin a Bro' Vega I'm wit Mo' sippers, watched by gold diggers (uhh) Rockin Bejor denims, wit gold zippers (c'mon) Lost your touch we kept ours, poppin Cristals Freakin the three-quarter reptiles (ahahah) Enormous cream, forrest green -- Benz jeep for my team so while you sleep I'ma scheme (that's right) We see through, that's why nobody never gon' believe you You should do what we do, stack chips like *Hebrews* Don't let the melody intrigue you (uh-uh) Cause I leave you, I'm only here for that green paper which lead you  Verse Three: Sheek I'm strictly tryin to cop those, colossal sized Picasso's And have papi flip coke outside Delgado's (whoo!) Mienda, with cash flowin like Sosa And the latin chick tranportin in the chocha Stampedin over, pop Mo's, never sober  Lex and Range Rovers dealin weight by Minnesota (uhh) Avoidin NARC's wit camcorders and Chevy Novas (uh-huh) Stash in the buildin wit this chick named Alona (uh-huh) from Daytona, when I was young I wants to bone her (uh-huh) But now I only hit chicks that win beauty pageants (ahahaha) Trickin, they takin me skiing, at the Aspens (c'mon) Uhh, gangsta mental, stay poppin Cristal Pack a black pist-al in the Ac' Coupe that's dark brown (whoo!) Pinky-ringin, gondolas wit the man singin Italian music down the river wit your chick clingin to my bizzalls, player you mad false Actin hard when you as pussy as RuPaul The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ Ludacris, P. Diddy Album: Hot and Wet Song: Hot and Wet Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [P Diddy - talking] (Slim) Let's go (112, 112 ..) Bad Boy baby Def Jam.. Collaboration (Guess who's back) Hey yo Slim, you ready? Talk to 'em [Verse 1 - Slim] I wanna show you how I feel (yeah) Don't hold back, here's my love Baby you're the one for me (I wanna know) How can we get down tonight No more game lets spend some time Baby won't you give it to me Just give it to me baby [Break - 112] You don't know what you do to me The way you touch baby (Girl I'm tired of playing games are you ready) I love it when you're on top of it, so spread it (Won't you just give it to me, girl we can do this) [Chorus - 112] - 2X - w/ ad libs Hot and wet Girl you make me wanna sweat When you touch me like that Girl you know I wanna give it to you [P. Diddy] Second verse, come on [Verse 2 - 112] Baby now it's getting late Don't start now, I can wait To show you belong to me (show her, c'mon, let's go) Know how I like it, take your time, close your eyes Let me show you what real love should be Girl you don't know, (come on) baby [Break] [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] You ready? Yeah, hey ya'll I don't think their ready Tell 'em what time it is [Verse 3 - Ludacris] (P. Diddy) Now baby you done work, if you work it Tweak it, twerk it (yeah) I feel like your every imperfection is perfect (woo) Luda, yeah what you heard is true I make you do things, you ain't even know you can do (don't hurt 'em now) Got 'em weak in the knees cause my back is strong And you wonder why your girls wanna tag along (uh huh) Cause them birds is jealous, my words embellished Plus they heard that I kiss every curve and crevice (yeah, let's go) I'm too hot to handle, I rock your mantle When I play 112 and light 16 candles (come on) Deep sea fishin in your favorite position (can you handle that, yeah) Everytime you moan I pay close attention (uh huh) Flip em like a pancake (uh), show me somethin (that's right) Or we can break in your vibratin tongue ring (come on) Let's mountain climb til we reach the peak (touch, yeah) The technique will make you sweat, but don't sweat the technique (that's right) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Let's go, c'mon Yeah, c'mon [Verse 4 - 112] - w/ variations Girl just keep it hot and wet (are you ready) Girl I'm gonna make a sweat Keep it real close to me Let it drip all over me (I love the way you give it to me, baby) You know just what I like (ohh) Touch it, love it, freak it all night I'm gettin it off me (you touch me like) But baby you gotta keep it (you know I wanna give it to you) [P. Diddy - talking behind Verse 4] You ready? Let's go C'mon, yeah Let's go, yeah C'mon [Chorus] - repeated until fade [P. Diddy - talking until fade] Bad Boy, 112 Back together again, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ Notorious B.I.G., Mase Album: Only You 12" Song: Only You (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puffy] I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop - eh eh, eh eh I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop - uh-huh I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop - check it out [Notorious B.I.G.] + (Puff Daddy) Je-sus, the Notorious just please us with your lyrical thesis We just chillin, +Milk+ 'em, "Top Billin'" Silk and, pure linen, me and, Lil' Cease (hehe) Malibu sea breeze, Dom P's, palm trees Cats named Pablo in milked out diablos (that's right) The Williest - what? - bitches be the silliest The more I smoke, the smaller the Phillie gets Room 112, where the players dwell and stash more cash than Bert Padell, inhale Make you feel good like Tony Toni Tone (*feels good*) Dick up in your +Middle+ like Monie (yes) She don't know but she settin up to blow me (yes) Should try the style, fly up North with a homey (yes) Escada, Don Dada, player, stay splurgin Game so tight they call it virgin * samples from B.I.G. saying "Room 112, where the players dwell" [112] Ohhhh I, need to know, where we stand Do we share this special thing called love * I know I do, what about you I just can't get enough of your love * I need you in my life Where do we go, what do I do I can't live without your love Thinkin of you * makes me feel Like I'm the only one for you Girl I want, to be with you No one else, only you Why can't we just make it happen Baby * I need you in my life Every time I'm with you Never want it to come to an end (Puffy: Thought I told you that we won't stop) You always make me so happy You'll always have a place in my heart - I need you in my life * Where do we go, what do I do Cause I can't live without your love Thinkin of you, makes me feel * Like I'm the only one for you [Mase] + (Puff Daddy) Now you can hum all you want to, cum all you want to  Money I'ma front you, girl I wanna flaunt you (that's right) I'ma always want you when nobody wants you (uh-huh) If I die now my love'll still haunt you (c'mon) Mase ain't the one that'll pay for your phone (Mase ain't the one) Mase be the one that'll take you home (that's right) Even though I'm not the one that gave you the stone (yeah) On your days alone * I can make you moan Everybody know I got more bounce than the ounce Bad Boy get more money than you can count Why I'm buyin things you can't even pronounce I'd do it to you cats for a large amount * (heheh) And when the beef come, you know where it'll be found Why I'll be around 'til the winner is announced * (The winner is..) So there ya go girl with thousands in ya palms Why you can't let bygones be bygones * (Goodfellas) [112] Where do we go, what must I do If I can't live without your love * Thinkin of you, makes me feel baby Like I'm the only one for you * Girl I want to, be with you No one else, only you Why can't we just make it happen Baby, I need you in my life [Puffy] + 112 ad libs I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * I thought I told you that we won't stop; I thought I told you that we won't stop * eh-eh, eh-eh {*ad libs to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ 112, Ludacris Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Peaches & Cream (Remix) Typed by: rufendz21@hotmail.com [Intro: P. Diddy] Yo, yo, yo, yo, 2001 This is the remix (Won't stop) 112 (Can't Stop) Def Jam, Bad Boy, yeah This is the remix, Ludacris come on [Ludacris] (P. Diddy) Ludacris like 'em shaken not stirred (yeah) wakin up blurred (uh-huh) Walk butt-naked (what) talk, speech slurred (that's right) Necks get squeezed and I can't breathe (come on) Stop then SWITCH; next, get me (that's right) Hon', you kinda taste like lemon merangue (lemon merangue) So nice I add spice with the cinnamon thang Make ya pull your own hair out Make ya body go flat, get the spares out Well, smack lips, smack hips, make 'em backflip (that's right) Cake mix, fingerlickin-like tactics, tongue gymnastics Good head make ya eyes ROLL BACK '12 on the track so you can't HOLD BACK Hot bread and butter, peach and cream (come on) I only reach for the peach if it's peachy clean (that's right) I only reach for your spot and release the steam (come on) A-town, we release the kings (yeah, this is the remix) [Slim of 112] (P. Diddy): Let me tell you what I wanna do (yeah) Let me show you that I'm feelin' you (uh-huh) Wanna sex, wanna ride with you (come on) Wanna kiss, wanna put my lips all over you (I like this) Can't get enough of you (come on) Always thinkin' of you (yeah) So sweet, so very wet, so good girl you make me sweat [Hook - 112] (P. Diddy) Girl I'm talkin' 'bout peaches and cream (say what) I need it 'cause you know that I'm a fiend Gettin' freaky in my Bentley limousine It's even better when it's with ice cream (uh huh) Know what I mean? Peaches and cream I need it 'cause you that I'm fiend (uh huh) Gettin' freaky in my Bentley limousine It's even better when it's with ice cream Know what I mean? Peaches and cream [Q of 112] (P. Diddy) Never thought that I would be (yeah) So addicted to you (come on) On top, underneath, on the side of you Better yet baby, inside of you (feel me?) Love the way you juice flowin' down (yeah) And I can feel it all around (come on) In the front, in the back of you (yeah) Oooh I love the taste you, girl you know what I'm talkin' 'bout [Hook] [Mike of 112] (P. Diddy): Don't stop 'cause you know I can't get enough (come on) Wanna taste it in the mornin' when I'm wakin' up (come on) Like peach cobbler in my stomach when I eat it up (come on) Got your legs around my neck so I can't get up See, them boys 112, we from the A... A!!! (ATL) And when it comes to eatin' peaches shorty, we don't play.... PLAY!!! So all the ladies in the house if ya peach's the shit Put ya hands in the air, represent ya clit, get it? [P. Diddy]: This is the dance break This the remix Just want you to just... Just, just, just bounce to this Yeah, come on Can I get a lick? Come on, yeah, can I get a lick? Yeah, yeah, come on [Hook] [P. Diddy]: Bad Boy baby, Mario Winans P. Diddy Q, Mike, Slim, Daron - 112 This is the remix The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 112 f/ P. Diddy Album: Peaches & Cream 12" Song: Peaches & Cream (Remix) Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [P. Diddy] Yeah, yeah I like the way it's goin down (That's that shit right there) C'mon, c'mon (That's that shit right there) For all my ladies (That's that shit right there) Bad Boy baby (That's that shit right there) I got that peaches and cream (That's that shit right there) Peaches and cream It's the P the U the F the F From the car to the bar, from the bar to the telly Your neck to your bra, your bra to your belly And she know, where PD go, left the ego Catch me below her belt like a foul boxer She a freak, but she sweet so I can't knock her I just push her legs back til she propped up Tongue her and see her hit high notes like the opera And I don't waste a drop til I taste the spot Give me chills but I make it hot Watch; I'ma prove in times, I'ma make ya lose your mind in a lengua smooth as mine And I never question what hon' do When she meet me, she knock on door 1,1,2 From the 404 to 212 You got peaches and cream, ma, where's my scoop? c'mon! [Slim] Let me tell you what I wanna do Let me show you that I'm feelin' you Wanna sex, wanna ride with you Wanna taste, wanna put my lips all over you Can't get enough of you Always taken of you So sweet, so very wet So good, girl you make me sweat Girl I'm talkin' 'bout 1 - Peaches and cream  I need it cause you know that I'm a fiend  Gettin' freaky in my Bentley limousine  It's even better when it's with ice cream  Know what I mean  Peaches and cream  I need it cause you know that I'm a fiend  Gettin' freaky in my Bentley limousine  It's even better when it's with ice cream  Know what I mean, peaches and cream [Q] I never thought that I would be So addicted to you On top, underneath, on the side of you Better yet, baby inside of you Love the way you're just flowin down And I can feel it all around In the front, in the back of you Ooh I love the taste of you Girl you know what I'm talking about Repeat 1 Won't stop girl you know I can't get enough Wanna taste it in the morning when I'm waking up Like peach cobbler in my stomach when I eat it up Got your legs around my neck so I can't get up See the boys 112 we from the A' (A' - shorty we don't play) And when it comes to eating peaches, shorty we don't play So all the ladies in the house if your peach the shit Put your hands in the air represent your clique Repeat 1 Repeat 1 2 - Oh girl I need it  I gotta have it  It's always on my mind  Know what I mean  Peaches and cream  I like it in my car  Or even in my bed  Or baby on the stairs  Know what I mean  Peaches and cream Repeat 2 Repeat 1 to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8 Ball & MJG f/ P. Diddy Album: Living Legends Song: Baby Girl Typed by: youngdito@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chorus: 8 Ball - repeat 2X] What it do baby girl Get on the dance floor Will you put your drink down Come and dance with me [Verse 1: MJG] Let's hit my residence, baby it's evident That you been raising hell, I make it heaven sent M-J take you to places that you never went One room one night for every day spent Knocking a dent in the sheetrock she's hot Got them legs fanned open like a peacock I saw her dancing in the club with her new outfit Her hair and her nails did show me love Ya man say he got good green show me some bud Give me the real hook up price like I'm ya cuz Baby see I'm above the bullshit and the playing Them hoes you listening to don't know what they saying They relaying that he say she say language If that's the way we trying to swing it won't swang it M-J fucking G I ain't really new to this shit Just wanna add something new to the list [Verse 2: 8 Ball] Money make the world go round that's what they say Conversation rules the nation in every way My mind thinking shit and I say it before I know I'm at the condo busting condoms on the floor We keep the crunk hyper than any who use a mic We do the kinda music the pretty women gone like A sweet smell you know with perfect nails and toes A round cinibun head under them clothes I know you wanna go and smoke out Stay up all night and go eat at the Waffle House You and me bring your friend that make three I bet I can make you feel so sexy Let the drank flow and burn the best dro Put ya drank down and go hit the dancefloor Make a nigga wanna get withcha and spend dough Love what you do to me mami I wanna know [Verse 3: 8 Ball] My yak spilling full of that hay I'm feeling right Spend the night with me let's wake up and take a flight [MJG] She'll suck a nigga dick for the flight but don't bite We gone keep it on the low no gossip and no hype [8 Ball] My rubber on tight on the jet on the runway Leave Monday don't come home to Sunday [MJG] We dip Tuesday be back in town by Wednesday Break a girl off that chain like Cunta Kintae [8 Ball] So will you dip with me baby girl On a trip around the world while I play with your curls [MJG] Play with your titty nipples will that make your toes curl You a bad motherfucker baby its your world [8 Ball] I know I'm coming on strong but that's me Whatever you want I can do it correctly [MJG] So get ya mind right baby you Tina and I'm Ike Bring that ass over here dance with Ike or we gone fight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8 Ball & MJG f/ P. Diddy Album: Living Legends Song: When It's On Typed by: gauge31061@yahoo.com [Verse 1: MJG] I'm just a drop top flippin', flippin' Fifth of Yacht sippin', sippin' Dope crack that's going in the strip clubs tippin' MJG ah, P.I.M.P. ah Fuck a blind date, oh no, I got to see her The new millennium poet Forever show it, can't blow it If you reap it, you sow it I, pay my, dues And it's the rules that I play by Carry the team like I'm A.I I used to cook rocks, and hit the block And gun in the bushes, and money in my sock Shit, I had hoes way before I was nationally famous I was in the hood strapped up good Watchin' my anus I'm a target splitter The world strongest man hardest hitter Even though you hate I still elevate regardless nigga Step to us boy, look what you done started And we don't even care that your arsenal be the largest [Hook: 8 Ball & MJG, P. Diddy] When it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on When it's on, you better get your shit and be gone When it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on When it's on, you better get your shit and be gone When it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on When it's on, you better get your shit and be gone When it's on, it's on, it's on, it's on When it's on, you better get your shit and be gone [Verse 2: 8 Ball] Look, you niggaz play too much mayne You need to pump yo' brakes Keep a heater nigga need for them restless snakes Right in my face caught a case tryin' to defend my space Dodging snitches police niggaz jumping state to state What kind of nigga run his mouth and snitch out everybody? The kind of nigga that's gone end up being a dead body Yo' wife and children gone be searching for their dear ol' daddy They found his headless body tied up in a dark alley It's cold like ice and snow on a nigga soul For bricks or snow, niggaz will fuck you like a dirty hoe Kick yo' door and put and your babies on the floor See you in public fuck who with you let the thang go A nigga tell you don't let business turn personal Fuck what they say cause for gram a nigga hurtin' you Niggaz out here hurtin' fool Nothing is for free mayne Fuckin' with the game That's how that shit be mayne [Hook] [Verse 3: 8 Ball] I was torn this bitch came from the streets I was born Pussy like a little kitty back yellow as corn I don't go around poppin' shit wit' niggaz who talkin' Them niggaz ain't talkin' no more Closed coffin Not often do you see a nigga loyal as I Like that boy from Best Eye nigga ready to die For my bread and them niggaz that considered me family Hold it down mayne I got you til we up there wit' granny [Verse 4: MJG] Cause as soon as I start writing I start going through physical Deeper into my spiritual I'm so fuckin' lyrical MJG the realest the truth the definition Just call me the competition I'm still stomping and pimpin' I'm still working with Diddy, still fuck wit the hood I got the key to the city, the streets is all good My leather is all wood, my gun is still secluded I'm still hoping and praying to God I don't use it [Hook - until fade] [P. Diddy - talking] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 8 Ball & MJG f/ P. Diddy Album: Living Legends Song: You Don't Want Drama Typed by: QuriousGeorge7@aol.com [Intro - P. Diddy] It's Bad Boy South Niggaz, Ball and G Orange Mound, the moment you been waitin for Collaboration, c'mon now Let's go, let's go, let's so, c'mon [Verse 1 - 8 Ball] Straight from the underground, fat boy from the mound Spit it how I live it, keep it gutter, that's how we get down I wanna see you get it crunk, let a nigga know what hood you from Eveybody wit me drunk as fuck, break it down, then roll it up Back it up, a girl like you, a nigga like me can't pass it up Rollin by, lookin good, put it in reverse then back it up What's the deal, lemme make it clear what you got rite here They break mold, one of a kind, fat boy witta gold mouth that shine Hard to touch, sorry to tell you, boys out here ain't hard as us Ball and G, part of the streets, cuz the streets are a part of us Lay it down, please remember, games we don't play them now Disrespect, please remember, stains we gon spray them round Buss a nigga head, smack a ho, shoot the club up Buss a nigga head, smack a ho, shoot the club up Bitch...nigga!!! Bitch...nigga!!! Bitch...nigga!!! Bitch.. You don't want drama, no! You don't want none, no! You don't want drama, no! You don't want none, no! [Verse 2 - MJG] Get up (get up) Get crunk (get crunk) Let's race to the trunk (to the trunk) Get a pump, unload and dump Fuck it, he chose to jump In the middle of a fire, scotch and burn him, overheat him Really mistreat him, let's Rodney King him and over beat him MJG is the reason yo season needed seasonal spices They needed more life and lucky yo wife was bleedin Now your life is leavin yo body, for drinkin too much Bacardi You should've known when you started Never fuck with G and E In any climate I'm shinin, floss, I'm perfect wit timin I'm good for rippin and rhymin in and out the beat And 8 Ball is loadin the clip, for niggaz supposin to trip And you know I'm rollin the whip, we finna set 'em free [Verse 3 - 8 Ball] 8 Ball and G, get it crunk fa sho My swagger, my flavor, my pimpin, my flow My ho, my woman, my slacks, my denims My backstroke in swimmin, in pools wit models in 'em Them boys, they hate it, we hustle, we made it We richer, the picture, is two of the greatest [MJG] The realest, you bump some Ball and G you gon feel it Guaranteed, muhfucker, stamp, sign, seal it [8 Ball] We placin, the fakest, they don't give it up we gon take it The realest up in in this niggaz buckin, bitches shakin [MJG] They asses, but cash it, might be a habit Like mics when we grab it, we cock it, we blast it [Outro - P. Diddy] So here we go, Bab Boy South Ball and G, Orange Mound New York collaboration You don't want no drama, you don't want none I see you ATL, let's tear this shit up C'mon, c'mon...I said let's tear this shit up! Yeah, Ball and G, Bad Boy South Let's go, let's work these motherfuckers Let's get this money niggaz, yeah, as we proceed.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. Album: Life After Death Song: Hypnotize Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Uhhh, uhhh, uh, c'mon [Verse One] Hah, sicka than your average Poppa Twist cabbage off instinct niggaz don't think shit stink pink gators, my Detroit players Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there ery'night Poppa been smooth since days of Underroos Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who do something to us, talk go through us Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (ehehehe) Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, haha!) Bang every MC easily, busily Recently niggaz frontin ain't sayin nuttin (nope) So I just speak my piece, (c'mon) keep my piece Cubans with the Jesus piece (thank you God), with my peeps Packin, askin who want it, you got it nigga flaunt it That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it Chorus: sung in imitation of part of Slick Rick's "La-Di-Da-Di" Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (hah) [Verse Two] I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (uh-huh) Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (that's right) All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino (c'mon) Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi (haaaaah!) Now who's the real dookie, meanin who's really the shit Them niggaz ride dicks, Frank White push the sticks on the Lexus, LX, four and a half Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass At last, a nigga rappin bout blunts and broads Tits and bras, menage-a-tois, sex in expensive cars I still leave you on the pavement Condo paid for, no car payment At my arraignment, note for the plantiff Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement (shhh) Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (not guilty) Richer than Richie, till you niggaz come and get me Chorus: Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (huh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) [Verse Three] I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit (I can fill ya) Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly Wreck it buy a new one Your crew run run run, your crew run run I know you sick of this, name brand nigga wit flows girls say he's sweet like licorice So get with this nigga, it's easy Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (that's right) Come up to your job, hit you while you workin (uhh) for certain, Poppa freakin, not speakin Leave that ass leakin, like rapper demo Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly Hit em wit the force like Obe, dick black like Toby (Obe... Toby) Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me Where the safe show me, homey.. (say what, homey) Chorus: Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hypnotize) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie (uh-huh) can't you see (uh) Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (hip to) And I just love your flashy ways (uh-huh) Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (uh) Biggie Biggie Biggie can't you see Sometimes your words just hypnotize me And I just love your flashy ways Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid *fades* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Notorious B.I.G. f/) Diddy, Eminem, Obie Trice Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: It Has Been Said Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, rhymer_ap@yahoo.com [Eminem] + {B.I.G.} Ih.. ih, ih (it has been) It has been, it has been, it has been It has been said, that there has been known to be bloodshed Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead {what?} Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead Money power respect, street cred, yeah It's scary ain't it? Picture yourself goin out as a hero {uhh} Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners Notorious tried to warn us We watched, so many Biggie backed off of {ha ha ha} Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact these tragic events, which lead us back To where we left off on March 9th To come from such hard knock lifes And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights And, once they're on us this is our lives Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us to see who can last the longest And he who lasts the longest, must be the strongest {uh-huh} In this concrete jungle, where this dog eat dog mentality comes from It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starvin Or it could just be somebody's horror, that just horri-fies And applies to his persona or the sizes in his entou-rage, that intimidates the people To the point that you know that he's gangster He ain't just say shit, you just believe it [Obie Trice] + {B.I.G.} Since B.I.B. taught us niggaz to think big I'm been about my business since then, so anxious {what?} It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn This I took in, sent chills through my skin Vicious, I'm experiencin the same sights as him It's what excited Obie to write these poems Rollin, goin through the same shit he spoken Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies When _Ready to Die_ was a sick part of my life {yeah} Palmin that forty-five, plottin to pop my mind Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind Get up out the system, who could give him better signs No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes So possibly I'd be popular huh? {uh-huh} That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I. [Diddy] + {B.I.G.} I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind Enter the most phenomenal artist of any and all time I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passin {what?} All I did was build a dynasty, off of his passion And I'm addressin the adolesencents absent to who he is The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace... This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother... On repeat, all of your albums play back to back {yeah} And I visit your grave cause our friendship's intact An immaculate concept, extravagant progress Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yellin "God bless" Regardless to critics yellin that East/West I seen the game losin, I'm just pressin the reset {uhh} And when the ressurection of you shines through an individual Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally! I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy Album: Life After Death Song: Long Kiss Goodnight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Mmmmmmmmm-HMM See.. {*echoes*} I told you.. {*echoes*} [Puff]	See, I told y'all muh'fuckers [Big]	Yo yo.. that stupid nigga man [Puff]	I told y'all to stop! [Big]	He fucked up, yo.. [Puff]	I pray for you to stop [Big]	Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. yo.. yo.. 	Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. [Puff]	But no, you didn't stop [Big]	Yo.. yo.. [Puff]	And now, we won't stop Chorus: sung by Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 2X) Time, time for you to die As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight [Notorious B.I.G.] I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese When I release, you loose teeth like Lil' Cease Nigga please, blood floods yo' Dungarees And that's just the half on my warpath Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater than the average playa hater, and spectators buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low doe" Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes Short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be til Lil' Cease crippled me Now I play hard, like my girls nipples be The game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin bout all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through Now the year's new, I lay my game flat I want my spot back, take two Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggaz envious Too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha) Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin Catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin I laced it wit the basic, six TV's a system Knockin Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up Wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, LONG KISS Chorus 2X {Puff Daddy - speaking over chorus} Now.. we don't give a fuck.. We just absolutely.. don't give a fuck.. Because.. there ain't no motherfuckin love here.. There ain't no love here.. You know, we.. we just gon' keep doin what we do We gon' keep FUCKIN YOU UP.. And I'ma keep stompin your MOTHERFUCKIN HEAD IN you FUCKIN BITCH, c'mon!! {last line overlaps Biggie's next verse} [Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh.. I'm flamin gats, aimin at, these fuckin maniacs, put my name in raps, what part the game is that? Like they hustle backwards I smoke Blackwoods and Dutchies, ya can't touch me Try to rush me, slugs go, touchy-touchy You're bleedin lovely, wit'chyo, spirit above me or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky Now you rest eternally, sleepy, you burn when you creep me Rest where the worms and the weak be My nine flies, baptize, rap guys With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most You hold your toast shaky, slippin tryin to break me Look what you made me do, brains blew My team in the marine-blue, six Coupe Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin out -- the block for distances, givin long kisses BITCH Chorus 2X {Puff Daddy - speaking over chorus} All we have to do now.. is say a prayer for you.. y'know? That's all we have to do, just to pray for your mind.. cause.. Eheh, see your mind got control of your heart.. when it's supposed to be the other way around Your heart's supposed to got control of your mind.. So now, I have no feelings for you You have made me cold.. {last line overlaps Biggie's next verse} [Notorious B.I.G.] Frank White the menacin, Chron Chron's the medicine I got the lettuce and, you turn green like cucumber skin Got the new, Hummer in the summer when I was a new comer then, drugs and mac-10's Hugs from fake friends, make ends they hate you Be broke -- girls won't date you That's why I relate to, choke yo' ass out til your face blue Make you, open the safe too No matter how you call it (how you call it) this brolic, alcoholic .. {*Biggie's chorus fades in*} like his weed green'd out, like his brick solid Distribute to, kids who, take heart like Valentine Drink Ballentine, all the time Slugs hit your chest tap you spine, flatline Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked fo' times Damn that three to nine, fucked you up for real doe Sling steal slow, as for remorse, we feel no Chorus 3X {Puff Daddy - speaking over chorus} See the fucked up thing is that I love you.. yaknahmsayin? It's just in my nature to love you.. I can't hate you.. cause it's not in my nature to hate you.. You know, I don't know.. Maybe.. I'm a different type of individual.. But.. you have me on the line.. and there's a thin line between love and hate And God forbid I cross that line.. Cause y'all not gonna give a fuck I'm tellin you right, MOTHERFUCKIN, NOW!! THE SHIT, Y'ALL DONE STARTED, IS NEVER GONNA STOP!!! WE ARE NEVER GONNA STOP!!! And we not talkin bout.. no other rappers.. We talkin bout YOU motherfucker YOU KNOW, who I'm talkin to.. We comin for you.. We comin for you.. ehehehehheh The shit's gon' feel so good.. I'm gon' make you love me baby {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Kelly Price, Mase, Puff Daddy Album: Life After Death Song: Mo Money Mo Problems Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash; mark@cowcud.demon.co.uk [Verse One: Mase] Now, who's hot who not Tell me who rock who sell out in the stores You tell me who flopped who copped the blue drop Who jewels got robbed who's mostly Goldie down  to the tube sock, the same ol pimp Mase, you know ain't nuttin change but my limp Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp Guarantee a million sales pullin all the love You don't believe in Harlem World nigga double up We don't play around it's a bet lay it down nigga didn't know me ninety-one bet they know me now I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound Can't no Ph.D. niggaz hold me down, Cooter schooled me to the game, now I know my duty Stay humble stay low blow like Hootie True pimp niggaz spend no dough on the booty And then ya yell there go Mase there go your cutie    {*Chorus overlaps last line*} [Chorus: Kelly Price - repeat 2X] I don't know what, they want from me It's like the more money we come across, the more problems we see [Verse Two: Puff Daddy] Yeah yeah, ahaha, from the D-to-the-A-to-the-D-D-Y Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly I call all the shots Rip all the spots, rock all the rocks Cop all the drops, I know you thinkin now's when all the ballin stops, nigga never home gotta call me on the yacht Ten years from now we'll still be on top Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop Now whatcha gonna do when it's cool bag a money much longer than yours and a team much stronger than yours, violate me this'll be your day, we don't play Mess around be D.O.A., be on your way Cause it ain't enough time here, ain't enough lime here for you to shine here, deal with many women but treat dimes fair, and I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square Yeah, yeah yeah [Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G.] Uhh, uhhh B.I.G., P-O, P-P-A No info, for the, DEA Federal agents mad cause I'm flagrant Tap my cell, and the phone in the basement My team supreme, stay clean Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that cat you see at all events bent Gats in holsters girls on shoulders Playboy, I told ya, bein mice to me Bruise too much, I lose, too much Step on stage the girls boo too much I guess it's cause you run with lame dudes too much Me lose my touch, never that If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat Where the true players at? Throw your Rollies in the sky Wave em side to side and keep your hands high While I give your girl the eye, player please Lyrically, niggaz see, B.I.G. be flossin jig on the cover of Fortune Five double oh, here's my phone number Your man ain't got to know, I got to go Got the flow down pizzat, platinum plus Like thizzat, dangerous on trizzack, leave your ass flizzat [Kelly Price - repeat 3X] I don't know what, they want from me It's like the more money we come across, the more problems we see [Kelly Price] What's goin on? Ooooh.. somebody tell me.. what's goin on? [Kelly Price - repeat to fade] I don't know what, they want from me It's like the more money we come across, the more problems we see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy (uncredited) Album: Ready to Die Song: Me & My Bitch Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash   [Puff Daddy] Yo let, let, let me ask you a question yo Yo would you kill for me?   [Girl] Hmmm... yeah   [Puff Daddy] What took you so long to answer motherfucker?   [Girl] I don't know   [Puff Daddy] The fuck wrong with you bitch? Verse One: Notorious B.I.G. When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick (yeah) I never felt that way in my life It didn't take long before I made you my wife (uh, yeah) Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze Come into the crib, even had a set a keys During the days you helped me bag up my nickels In the process, I admit, I tricked a little (yeah) But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch (uhh) Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin rich And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right Chorus: Notorious B.I.G. Just me and my bitch (variations repeat to next verse)   [Girl] But you know you love that ass, don't you?   [Puff Daddy] Yeah, no question   [Girl] No question   [Puff Daddy] Yo, let me ask you another question   [Girl] What?   [Puff Daddy] You ever fuck around on me?   [Girl] Why would I do that?   [Puff Daddy] Yo don't lie to me motherfucker Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh no, that's not my steelo I wanna bitch that like to play celo, and craps Packin gats, in a Coach bag steamin dime bags A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had (yeah, c'mon) With a glock just as strong as me Totin guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet (that's nasty) Throwin my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows I see my Polos and Timbos Hide my car keys so I can't leave A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly She'll invite me, politely, to fight G And then we lie together, cry together I swear to God I hope we fuckin die together Chorus   [Girl] Let me tell you nigga, if I ever, ever catch your ass fuckin around I'ma cut your mother-fuckin dick off   [Puff Daddy] Hah, heheh stop playin, hah   [Girl] I ain't playin, ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes Ain't no jokes   [Puff Daddy] Yo, don't don't play with my dick Verse Three: Notorious B.I.G. She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies Didn't hesitate to squeeze, to get my life out of danger (yeah) One day, she put nine one one on the page Had to call back, whether it's minor or major (yeah) No response, the phone just rung Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem When I pulled up, police was on the scene Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes It didn't take long before the tears start I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart And I know it was meant for me I guess the niggaz felt they had to kill the closest one to me (uh, yeah) And when I find em your life is to and end They killed my best friend... me and my bitch Chorus Uh, yeah, yeah Uh... Uh, motherfucker yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy Album: Nasty Boy 12" / Bad Boy Entertainment Promo Song: Nasty Boy (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: Ksearby@netdex.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com Intro: BIG (Puffy) (Uh-uh, yea) (I want a remix again) (I think I want a remix again) This goes out to my Brooklyn crew (ready Big) Represtin all the freaky bitches Fuck 'em all day and fuck 'em all night We don't love these hoes (I want a remix again, I think I want a remix again) (Bad Boy, 98) You heard me (B.I.G. the greatest, come on) Verse One: BIG (Puffy) Uhh, I go, on and on and on and Don't take her to the crib and let your bone in uh Easy, call em on the phone and Platinum Chanel cologne and I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect If they watch TV in the Lex, they know (they know) They know, quarter past four Left the club tipsy, say no mo' (say no mo) Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow (tomorrow) Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O., uh Back of my mind I hope she swallow (uh-huh) Man She split a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state "You know what you do to me" She starts, "Well but I don't usually" Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt (ow) Step out, show me what you all about (yea) Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South, aoowww (aoowww) Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I squirt Jeans skirt butt-naked it all work Chorus: (Puffy) Nasty (Envision dreams of passion) Going through my mind (And all the while I think of you) Nasty (A sexual reaction) Makes me wanna ride (You nasty girl, you nasty) Verse Two: BIG I remember we, went to Tennessee (uh-huh) Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone Bitch named Symone Screamin, she feenin for the semen Me being the man that I am Took it to her condo, pronto (uh-huh) Half Indian, I called her Tonto Roll the kronk ton in the dark pronto (eh-eh) Few puffs, I got low And off to the bedroom we go *hmm* Sex is drama, head to trauma Rip pajamas I'mma stay to tomorrow Satisfying all my needs twice With some whipped cream, handcuffs and ice The bitch is nice, word is bond Can't wait to put my niggaz on, what, what? Chorus: (Puffy) Nasty (Envision dreams of passion) Going through my mind (And all the while I think of you) Nasty (A sexual reaction) Makes me wanna ride (You nasty girl, you nasty uh) Verse Three: BIG (Puffy) Ladies, my Mercedes Hold four in the back (this is the remix), two if you fat Keep a gat, cause cats (This, Is, the Remix), try to test me They just fans like (Biatch) DeNiro, Wesley Let's see the bitch I'm waiting on Godier jeans look like they painted on Ask thee, leave it up to me Lay her on back ever so gently (yea) She like the way the dope fold up, Rolls roll up Cristal till she throw up, bitch grow up Hold up, there's De Genera Dripped out, iceberg Capero Intro goes without speaking Call me Cease cause I keep em, we can go freakin All weekend, so, roll in Ain't it good that my Lex keeps folding? Uhh (Oww!) Chorus: (Puffy) Nasty (Envision dreams of passion) Going through my mind (And all the while I think of you) Nasty (A sexual reaction) Makes me wanna ride (You nasty girl, you nasty) Outro: BIG (Lady) [Puffy] To all you bitches that wanna fuck with me (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) Freakin you bitches like Jodeci, I (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) If I was dead broke you wouldn't notice me (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) So I think BIG this is how it's supposed to be (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) To all you bitches that wanna fuck with me [Grand Master Flash, the Furious Five] (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) Freakin you bitches like Jodeci, I [yea, I see] (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) If I was dead broke you wouldn't notice me (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) So I think BIG this is how it's supposed to be (Do you want a Nasty Boy?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Diddy, Jagged Edge, Nelly Album: Duets: The Final Chapter Song: Nasty Girl Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash, jesc0n@hotmail.com [Jazze Pha] + (B.I.G.) The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!) Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls) Ladies and gentlemen! [Notorious B.I.G.] I go, on and on and on and Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin Easy, call 'em on the phone and Platinum Chanel cologne and (oooh-WEE) I stay, dressed, to impress Spark these bitches interest Sex is all I expect If they watch TV in the Lex, they know They know, quarter past fo' Left the club tipsy, say no mo' Except how I'm gettin home, tomorrow Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O. (heyyy) Back of my mind I hope she swallow Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows Reach the gate, hungry just ate Riffin, she got to be to work by eight This must mean she ain't tryin to wait Conversate, sex on the first date I state, "You know what you do to me" She starts off, "But I don't usually" (let's go) Then I, whipped it out, rubber no doubt Step out, show me what you all about Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse Pull your G-string down South (aoowww) Threw that back out, in the parking lot By a Cherokee and a green drop-top And I don't stop, until I squirt Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All my women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Diddy] You know I like nasty girls... I need you to dance, I need you to strip I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips I need you to grind like you workin' for tips And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Pearl yet Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet My style make a low profile girl smile Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that) And now you and me can drink some Hennessy Then we get it on Made women wantin' to bone Sean Combs, sippin' on Patron Speedin' be leanin' got 'em fiendin' Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back) And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that) Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt Heels & skirt let's take it off now let's work (LETS WORK!) [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jagged Edge] J & B-I-G (what! what!) Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!) We're a Man lookin'no stress meet us upstairs in ya best, yes! Dress, to impress, spark this bitch's intrest Jazzy on the beat so sweet Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G [Nelly] Okay ma, what's ya preference Nice and slow or fast and reckless Boo, you heard girl, bite cha necklace! Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!) I make ya sprang a leak When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em) I'm like the radical one I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one (From yo' titties to ya thong) Either way mama I'ma make you do what it do (Girl I'm about to make you cum) Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me [Jagged Edge] Cause I'll go on and on and on on and on and on on and on Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie [Chorus - Jagged Edge] Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G Gotta love my lil' nasty girl Know I love my lil' nasty girl I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G My lil' nasty girl All the women from around the world I love my lil' nasty girl All the ladies if you feel me grab your titties for B-I-G [Jazzy Pha] Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS! BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF! NOTORIOUS! NOTORIOUS! Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen... LET'S GO! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Notorious B.I.G. Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Notorious B.I.G.] Yo, check it Call Lil' Cease Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital man fuck that Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez and go take about like twenty G's from Gino Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe) Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick (Bad Boy Big, c'mon) The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery but the nurses is lovin me Sayin the best part of the day is my half Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath Niggaz say I died dead in the streets Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach Chillin, sittin on about half a million With all my niggaz, all my guns, all my women Next two years, I should see about a billion All for the love of drug dealin Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them) Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right) All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes Raw flows, and that's how it goes [Puff Daddy] 	NOTORIOUS! C'mon.. we are, we are 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is.. he is.. 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! This for my niggaz slingin thangs, had my ring encaged Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin That shit with the V-trim that win and the enormous fields disperse of rap On the road to the riches more furs to drag More niggaz to kill, than birds to bag Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?" Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal Niggaz talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right) Funny how quick these pricks forget Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right) It's all good, you know who the clone is Fuck the Joneses, niggaz tryin to keep up with the Combses [Puff Daddy] C'mon y'all.. 	NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. (what's his name) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! [Lil' Kim] Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim? The Notorious K-I to the M That's me, on MTV, no doubt Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck! Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone Things done changed, but we continue to reign as the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I. Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos We takin over like Francis Switchin our styles like the hottest new dancers See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor! [Puff Daddy] She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah 	NOTORIOUS! 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?) Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are ..  Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! We are, we are .. Bad Boy 2000 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..) and he won't stop 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby) 	NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS! He is, he is.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Notorious B.I.G. f/ CJ Wallace, Diddy, Faith Evans Album: Notorious Soundtrack Song: One More Chance/The Legacy Remix Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [CJ Wallace] + (Diddy) + {B.I.G.} Uhh... What? (That's right) That's right, uhh, uhh Bad Boy, what? Uhh, uhh {Uhh, what? Uh} {Uhh, uhh, what? Lyrically I'm} {Uhh, uhh} Uhh, uhh, check it out {Uhh, uhh} Uhh, lyrically I'm {Uhh... uhh, uhh} {What?} What? {Uhh, Junior M.A.F.I.A.} {Uhh} Junior M.A.F.I.A. (Remix) CJ, uhh [Verse One: Biggie] + (CJ) (First things first) I Poppa, freaks all the honies Dummies, Playboy bunnies, those wantin money Those the ones I like cause they don't get nathan but penetration, unless it smells like sanitation Garbage, I turn like doorknobs Heartthrob, never, black and ugly as ever (However, I stay Coogi down to the socks) (Rings and watch filled with rocks) (And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi) (Girls pee pee when they see me) (Navajos creep me in they teepee) (As I lay down laws like Alan Coppet) (Stop it, if you think you're gonna make a profit) Don't see my ones, don't see my guns - get it Now tell ya friends Poppa hit it, then split it in two (as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A.) (I don't know what the hell's stoppin ya) (I'm clockin ya, Versace shade watchin ya) (Once ya grin, I'm in - game begin) (First I talk about how I dresses this) (in diamond necklasses, stretch Lexuses) The sex is just immaculate from the back I get Deeper and deeper, help ya reach the climax that your man can't make (Call him, tell him you'll be home real late) (Now sing the break, uhh) [Chorus One: Faith Evans] + (CJ & Biggie) Baby, here I am (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) All, I need, is one, more chance... one more chance I, can help, you find, yourself (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) You, don't need, nobo-dy else... one more chance (remix) [Verse Two: Biggie] + (CJ) She's sick of that song on how it's so long Thought he worked his until I handled my biz (There I is; Major Payne like Damon Wayans) (Low Down, Dirty even, like his brother Keenan) Schemin, don't leave ya girl 'round me True player for real (ask Puff Daddy) You ringin bells with bags from Chanel Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel (Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell) (She beeped me, meet me at twelve) (Where you at?) Flippin jobs, payin car notes? While I'm swimmin in ya women like the breast stroke Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke Death stroke - tongue all down her throat Nuttin left to do but send her home to you I'm through, (can ya sing the song for me boo?) [Chorus Two: Faith Evans] + (CJ & Biggie) + {CJ} One more chance, Biggie give me one more chance (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) {Uhh, what? Uhh... uhh, uhh ya didn't know? Uhh} One more chance, Biggie give me one more chance (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) {Uhh, uhh, uhh.. what? What) One more chance [Verse Three: CJ] + (Biggie) So, what's it gonna be, him or me? We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls The envy of all women, crushed linen Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em (Finest women I love with a passion) (Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin) (High fashion, flyin into all states) (Sexin me while ya man masturbates) Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight (Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds) Lyrically I'm supposed to represent I'm not only a client, I'm the Player President [Chorus Two] - 1/2X + [Chorus One] [Outro: Diddy] + (Biggie) Bad Boy, Bad Boy (I got that good love girl, you didn't know?) East coast... West coast... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy (uncredited) Album: Ready to Die Song: Ready to Die Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Yeah... Yeah... (You ready motherfucker?) (We gon' kill your ass) As I grab the glock, put it to your headpiece One in the chamber, the safety is off release Straight at your dome homes, I wanna see cabbage Biggie Smalls the savage, doin your brain cells much damage Teflon is the material for the imperial mic ripper girl stripper the Henny sipper I drop lyrics off and on like a lightswitch Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q-45, glocks and tecs are expected when I wreck shit Respect is collected, so check it I got techniques drippin out my buttcheeks Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh My shit is deep, deeper than my grave G I'm ready to die and nobody can save me Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl My life is played out like a jheri curl, I'm ready to die As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook Doin whatever it took from snatchin chains to pocketbooks A big BAD motherfucker on the wrong road I got some drugs tried to get the avenue sold I want it all from the Rolexes to the Lexus gettin paid, is all I expected My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck? Now I got a glock, makin motherfuckers duck Shit is real, and hungry's how I feel I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal Kickin niggaz down the steps just for rep Any repercussion lead to niggaz gettin wet The infrared's at your head real steady You better grab your guns cause I'm ready, ready I'm ready to die! (Nah we ain't gon' kill your ass yet) (We gonna make you suffer) In a sec I throw the tec to your fuckin neck Everybody hit the deck, Biggie bout to get some wreck Quick to leave you in a coffin, for slick talkin You better act like CeCe, and keep on walkin When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat You swung a left you swung a right you feel to the concrete Your face, my feet, they meet, we're stompin I'm rippin MC's from Tallahassee, to Compton Biggie Smalls on a higher plane Niggaz say I'm strange deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain Make your shit splatter Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter after the hit, leave you on the street with your neck split down your backbone to where your motherfuckin shit drip The shit I kick, rip it through the vest Biggie Smalls passin any test, I'm ready to die! I'm ready (Time to go, we gonna put you out your misery motherfucker) Niggaz definitely know what time it is The Notorious one in full effect for ninety-three! Suicidal, I'm ready! (Now I lay me down to sleep) Yeah (Pray the Lord my soul to keep) (If I should die before I wake) (I pray the Lord my soul to take) (Cause I'm ready to die) (All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to) (Biggie Smalls the biggest man) (Rockin on and on in ninety-three, Easy Mo Bee) (Third Eye, and the rest of the Bad Boy fam) (I don't wanna see no cryin at my funeral) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Joe Hooker, Mobb Deep, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Tonight Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Yo.. Yo.. check this out YEAH! MotherFUCKERS, C'MON! MotherFUCKERS, c'mon B.I.G. motherFUCKERS B.I.G., motherFUCKERS Two thou', B.I.G. motherFUCKERS ??, two thou', motherFUCKERS ??, B.I.G. motherFUCKERS B.I.G. at war, motherFUCKERS B.I.G. ... we proceed .. to give you, what you need I am.. as we proceed .. to give you all what you need motherFUCKERS B.I.G., motherFUCKERS OHHHHH SHIT!!! [Notorious B.I.G. - overlaps above] Yo.. too much smoke in here man Crack the fuckin window man that's how the fuck you went to jail last time nigga The fuck wrong with you nigga.. the fuck man? Ahh ehh.. stupid nigga man Nigga fuck that Yo.. yo! Yo-yo-yo, yo, yo, yo.. yo Yo-yo-yo, yo.. yo Yo..  I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese When I release, you loose teeth like Lil' Cease Nigga please, blood floods yo' Dungarees And that's just the half on my warpath Laugh now cry later, I rhyme greater than the average playa hater, and spectators buy my CD twice; they see me in the streets They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low doe" Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show I pull out fo'-fo's, and go up in they clothes Short-change niggaz, snort-caine niggaz Extortion came quicker, bought the Range nigga Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be til Lil' Cease crippled me Now I play hard, like my girls nipples be The game sour like like a pickle be, y'all know da rules Move from BK to New Jeruz -- thinkin bout all the planes we flew, bitches, we ran through Now the year's new, I lay my game flat I want my spot back, take two Motherfuckers mad cause I blew, niggaz envious Too many niggaz on my dick, shit strenuous When my men bust, you just move wit such stamina Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (we ain't mad at cha) Blood rushin, concussions, ain't nothin Catch cases, come out frontin, smokin somethin Sippin White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin I laced it wit the basic, six TV's a system Knockin Mase shit, face it, we hard to hit Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you, for your re-up Wipe the pee up, mixed shots, woke your seed up Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, LONG KISS Chorus: Joe Hooker Y'all can't see this.. That this might be the night.. This might be the night that's right, that's right This might be the night.. (kiss your ass goodbye) [Havoc] Niggaz playin they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long Finessed, what I was dealt with from the day I was born While you bent up on that corner, niggaz plottin and scheamin Up in them little holes, be creepin wit mad demons Niggaz knows, not to fuck with my dough Niggaz know not to fuck with this little bro I'm ten seconds hit'n'go Black mask black truck chrome rims Chuck Timbs Enough to confuse, any witness Strongest of calibers, is what we only travel wit You gotta get hit, your man did, so you got a hand in it Extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all You know the niggaz with the biggest balls set the new laws and flip fours, have em washin drawers while you up North Gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed Overhearin niggaz situation, sayin, "Like we thought" Sittin on the stand with no remorse Chorus [Prodigy] Yo, yo how we do niggaz, I don't beef I shoot niggaz If I can't get the main character, a few niggaz then I don't need no gin to boost me I got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go I got fire in my heart, guns in my car Cash in my Carharts, it ain't hard to get em  like blaow when I hit em, the nigga shit his drawers when the 40-pound hit him, the fuck these niggaz thought? Could it be the fame, maybe it's the 2 Benz or would it be the same if I couldn't claim those? Fuckin with, hoes ?? Cock sucker beat it while you bleed it on the dashboard Niggaz get, what they hand call for, again bricks You get deaded, I get erections, over revenge Can you get a quiet spot in the shade, for a breeze I lay a nigga down and steam roll away ?? Chorus 2X {Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus} [Puff Daddy] I never thought it would be like this I never thought it would be like this Always thought you would be here Always thought you would be by my side I never thought it'd be like this OH GOD I MISS YOU! C'MON! YEA! Chorus {Puff Daddy shouting a lot over the chorus} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Puff Daddy, Too $hort Album: Life After Death Song: The World is Filled... Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "Make it hot" - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X) 		The world is filled, with pimps and hoes 		We'll just talk about those I knows 		The world is mine, can't you see 		I'm just trying to be all I can be 		Ohhahhoahh, yeah Verse One: Puff Daddy Now first come the cash, then come the ass Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash When I score with a whore she be game for sure Pimp so hard, a nigga drag his mink on the floor Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk because I live it Any chick fuckin with me, believe me that's a privelege I won't be satisfied, till all my niggaz get it See you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it And Big be that nigga we be flyin through your hood And hoodrats scopin with they eyes on my goods See we date em like we hate em, see em like we don't need em Treat em like we meet em, and never give up freedom And we only give our number to selected few And it's best that you, never knew, what good head'll do Turn a freak to a bisexual and if she's flexible fuck the nigga next to you "Make it hot" - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in the background)     The world is filled, with pimps and hoes     But we'll just talk about those I knows     The world is mine, can't you see     I'm just trying to be all I can be     Ohhahhoahh, yeah Verse Two: Notorious B.I.G. When the Remi's in the system, ain't no tellin Will I fuck em will I diss em, that's what these hoes yellin I'm a pimp by blood, not relation Y'all still chase on, I'll replace on, punks Drunk of Dom, silk and gators Spittin words makin birds till they flock see you later Whether, drunk or high, skunk or thai Nigga play against some playa shit, slugs gon fly Ain't no lie, pimped out, the SSI Nigga don't ask why, just respect it She bought me the necklace, the bracelet The Benz-o, she laced it Crib-o, got it, interior decorated Now my popularity grew, in each state Now I got two in each state Used to drink brew and eat steak Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates "Make it hot" - Notorious B.I.G. (repeat 4X in background)     The world is filled, with pimps and hoes     But we'll just talk about those I knows     The world is mine, can't you see     I'm just trying to be all I can be     Ohhahhoahh, yeah Verse Three: Too $hort I had a whole lotta bitches in my lifetime I been blessed with the game always say the right lines Had a few prostitues and if you knew the truth They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch man She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin a rich man Now here you come, drop top ridin You ain't no pimp fake nigga stop lyin Pussy makes money, stick to the business Think about the real motherfuckers that live it Street life, pimp shit, make the hoe respect the game You bought her diamonds and cars, trick that's a shame Say what you want, but I still figured She left you cause you couldn't be, like them real niggaz She was a hustler by nature, and you was just faker than the average symps, found a badder pimp Too $hort Crazy ass man I never woulda bought that bitch all them cars  and all that shit you bought that hoe man After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe! Man I'm thirty years old nigga And that bitch was hoein when I was in 9th grades and shit Think about that, she been around then right? Shit... you just a rest haven for hoes man Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen Bitch only fuckin witchu cause you had a good ass job, nigga nerd Treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her Stupid ass nigga She ain't nuttin but a hoe! Bet you fell in love with her man! You can't turn a hoe into a housewife fool Everytime you turn your back that bitch is fuckin with dem gangstas Eastside Westside these are my potnahs Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin bout nigga I tell you about some real pimps and hoes Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man, yeah I know a few Shit, beyotch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Notorious B.I.G. f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Born Again Song: Would You Die For Me Typed by: toyainva@hotmail.com [Notorious B.I.G.] Venue after venue, I've been through Coming to the telly, so I can bend you Send you to the store, condoms and more Jealous females, call you sluts and whores Could it be my hardcore metaphor Make sweat pour on the bedroom floor Open up the Lex door Jump on in, I'm kind of tired I'm a roll blunts while you spin You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin Splurging, Dom P., Ro-se Much foreplay, that's my forte Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death She looking for a man, honey he just left Violate me, he get beat to death Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left Grand Marnier increase the don strength Two four-fifths within my arms length With a calm breath I say we gots to float Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen And you mean too, eyes greenish blue Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu Beautiful, that's how the night goes Get out them tight clothes Get in some night clothes I invite those girls that smoke lye Keep it real with you You keep it real with I We be tight like frog's ass Have you screaming "Biggie, Biggie give me one more chance" [Puff Daddy] Would you ride with me? (Yeah) Would you lie for me? (That's right) Would you get high with me? (For sure) Would you die for me? (No doubt) (Repeat) [Lil' Kim] These hoes don't treat you like I treat you Like my contacts, I can see right through Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue? Queen Bitch means number one and two Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one Y'all know where I'm from Bucktown, lay your ass down You don't wanna play around (with me) Probably just mad because Frank chose me A fly cu-tie, you just a grou-pie Girls call my telephone just to hang up While me and you is in the crib, laying up Oh he ain't tell you that we live together And that we gonna have a kid together Whatever, me intimidated, never Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim Anyway, I fuck better than you Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you If I fuck another nigga, don't mean nothing B.I.G. is in my heart from the start Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch Chicks who used to be around, where they at now? (See I don't care bout them other broads) B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that [Chorus fade out] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Rob f/ G-Dep, Marc Curry, Mase, Puff Daddy Album: Life Story Song: Down the Line Joint Typed by: SeansPuffy@netdex.com Verse One: Puffy When night falls, that's when it all begins Be prepared we can allow no loose ends I highly recommend ya'll bring your arms This is no false alarm They want to do us harm Like I'm nervous, live inside a glass house They want to bring us down Then drag us out It's all about niggas that doubt our reputation Start'n conflict and don't know what they facing Want twist us all in there black magic  ? suggest paper of wars and break havoc Are u ready, don't sleep on them Ain't petty, you get that ass thrown like infedy Meet me at the getaway spot in a jiffy Leave all the does behind that act iffy We got maneuvers, that's hard to beat Till the other side retreats Under six feet beneath C'mon Verse Two: Mark Curry I told u that is a saw I wore I'm a kill  When the rebel yells song that don't stop till It's done, see I got guns and I m sick See how you said meet me here and I came quick Them same catz on the most wanted list We can hit them, Then straight disappear in the mist ?,Won't cease to exist I shoot to kill and I'll be damned if I miss A warrior waiting for Armageddon I get serious as hell when I'm threatened Intent to get hostile break into a rage of fury Send them back their apostle's fossils and crazed right A rude awakening and but now I'm alert And that's right down my line of work The whole Brotherhood new verse, gutless cowards with no back And watch how they all fall flat  Ahh Chorus: Niggas gone fall out The got us up against the wall  Here I call out, let it all out With or without you I'm for war  Some shit worth dying for, ah-huh Niggas gone fall out The got us up against the wall  Here I call out, let it all out With or without you I'm for war  Some shit worth dying for, ah-huh Verse Three: Black Rob Yo, You want hot soup, I got shit like up on in attica Guns ridiculous like battle star galactica What's this, want to insult my family? La familia, actin like ones of us goin to kill ya I want ya'll dues,  Shit hit the fan, we going to be eatin your food Time up in the new Then torture, I rip a niggas toe nails off What, I didn't here the news five slayin the law Man, how I don't want do these catz I lay mousetraps for those mice house niggas that house gats They want to out me, I know killers from down south be Who know and understand, there ain't a thing sweet about me I earn my respect, and I was born to wreck Spit techs, by your rockets threw jets Who's next, to get hit by firepower that's so raw Go play 4-4's ready for war Verse Four: Mase All out, what what,  Wanna blow, what what Teamsters what what Mother Fucker >From Monday to Sunday, it's all about the money Nigga ain't got mine, I guarantee I'm gun play Moms says makes u going to need that money one day Bitch I'm in the jet, Benz on the runway Don't be fooled, still squeeze tools Money like that why the fuck I need school M-A dollar sign E rules Hundred G jewels,  Vacate places you don't even need shoes Same catz say stay up, prey 4 my day up No one where my bitch live, plot where I lay up If you got coke way up, Got doe then pay up Niggas shoot at me a nigga better spray up Cause God forbid, you hit me in my Ribs and I live Comin back and getting you and your kids Chorus Verse Five: G-Dep Dom Dom Dom Thought I heard something Last cat that I heard frontin Burned up herb huntin Word cause, my heard something Splurge something,  Now I don't care who I hit Its who I hit I knew I hit Who'm would understand though We vandals and land roles Program for our own channels And flannel, this man knew any clan We're here for the catz in the minivan Got let this schemmy plan Pay me man, scan Sex, cars any money Sex guard the money With this gun, it be hard to run me Get it right, or get it tonight Better tonight,  Set up your wife, with the head of the night Don't fold cause my goals imbedded with ice To my tents dimming the light I'm bendin this mic Lot of niggas don't comprehend Lots niggas look sloppy when They don't see me and I see them Chorus  Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Rob f/ Puff Daddy Album: Life Story Song: PD World Tour Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com [cheering] Uhh , yeah , c'mon , Black Rob Where Black Rob at? PD world tourer , Harlem horror We back Yeah ya-, ya-, y'all thought we was gonna stay away for a long time So what you gon do now? Sorry, let's go CHORUS: P Diddy Yo Black Rob makin all stops we gon party till this motherfucking ball drops Snatchin all props Switchin gears on the Ducati , cats schemin prob'ly But we aint tryin na hurt nobody (we aint tryin na hurt nobody) We just tryin na make it clear , there B.R. is here And we come to lock it down this year So without further ado , we bring to you (without further ado) You highness , (your highness) , Black Rob , Spanish Harlem's finest [Black Rob] I be the PD world tourer , Harlem horror Catch me in a Lex 470 or the Explorer The underworld figure , mo morals Small shit it's only room to get bigger and spread love on my niggas I figure I'm the best thing since ham and grits That shit flip it , it's off the hook , it's unlisted The wizard like Juwan Howard I drop the bomb when you want test the Don power It's on dude , I warned you before the wildin My team some sick cats fresh from Ward's Island I'm sayin , I try to tell em how I do due to the fact you Was duckin my debut , duckin the ginsu B.R., natural born threat He got his tech and I aint even put it on yet Just imagine, me and you toe to toe back of the paddywagon To the death, till one of us got no breath left Protect that neck CHORUS [Black Rob] I roll with soldiers, quick to run pass and snuff you Regulate the streets of BK with brass knuckles At last stuck you, and your so called team Them so called mean, cats sound like Ben Vareen Caught me, diggin in the scene, 115, Lex minivan light green Watching my cream, stopping my cream Shit's been tried before, my shit's stress, with no lactose at all I mean I'm just limpin, cuz right now I see the profit Show me some grams I chop it, show me some land I cop it Show me some hoe somewhere in the tropics And I'ma suck the pussy till she beg me to stop it That's real, I'ma tell you how the black man feel Pack toast but still catch him with the backhand steel Pimp status, while you run around with shrimp status Got a gat and decided to clap at least twenty right at us We aint mad though, we got the bulletproof dough And that's the way my niggas roll, if you was seein his dough You'd be the same baby CHORUS [P Diddy] Yo when I walk up in the place all eyes is on me Is it me, or the hundred grand worth of icy Can't underestimate me I beg your pardon If y'all aint had guns I probably woudn't of brought my squadron But unfortunately it's that war outside And I still roll with bulletproof doors on my ride They call me PD, holy like Koran Rockin Sean John, poppin Sean Don Fucking ghetto Don Juan Top of the world, watch me snatch your hood treasure Might have to check a few cats for good measure Playboy you know the drilly, y'all cats is real silly What I gotta do sell another ten milly It's crazy how they all fall down, all balls down It's hectic so I send Black to come and check it Aint shit changed, same shit stains, in the business Approach me, play me closely, hopin hopefully (keep hopin) Before I slip I let you know that I'm on to ya Your hands'll never touch my Bad Boy formula And this year, I'm gonna hit em severe Ayo Paul, get the Bent let's get the fuck up outta here CHORUS 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Rob f/ Beanie Sigel, Da Brat, G-Dep, Lil' Cease, 	The Madd Rapper, Petey Pablo, Puff Daddy, Rah Digga, Shyne Album: Whoa! 12" Song: Whoa! (Extended Remix) Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com, Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Black Rob] We gon' take this all around the world Yo, I'm 'bout ready to put y'all up on something else, man (Whatcha gon' put us up on, man?) Yo, this part two of the raw (We ain't never gonna stop) Okay, y'all know what this is The remix, you know what I mean? (Life Stories) Allright, anything ill you see it's WHOA! (I know that) Like for instance, Black Rob is WHOA! (Oh no doubt) And Bad Boy is WHOA! (No doubt) And that's it, man, word up [Rah Digga] Digga on a Black Rob track like WHOA! Brick City where we smack cops back like WHOA! My whole crew dime pieces in the Jeep like WHOA! Juicy lips, big tits, pussy deep like WHOA! Don't trip, on the mic I'm the bitch like WHOA! Be the illest when I spit, see my flicks like WHOA! Chicken heads wanna know where I shop like WHOA! Rah single knocking niggas out they socks like WHOA! Everywhere honey go, cats jock me like WHOA! Digga puttin' TVs on the cotties like WHOA! Rah first featured on The Score like WHOA! Whores tried to run up on my draws like WHOA! C'mon, Digga got smoke and I freaked the funk H-Town where they lean, ATL where they crunk like WHOA! Shouts to everybody I know High pro, nice toes, Rah shows, tight flows like WHOA! [Lil' Cease] Cease come through with the E-Pills like WHOA! A bunch of white hoes following like WHOA! They pulling my pants down, shit, I'm like WHOA! They giving me head now, we all like WHOA! Bust off, she swallowed the whole nut, I'm like WHOA! The bitch was thick, the back drop was like WHOA! Daddy, long stroke, give it to 'em like WHOA! Cease-a-Lee bad with a phone like WHOA! My four-four blow silently like WHOA! Cock it back, squeeze one more time like WHOA! You wanna be B.I.G., nigga, picture that WHOA! I'ma fry yo' ass, right where you set it at WHOA! Your flow ain't WHOA! Your crew ain't WHOA! Your ice ain't WHOA! Your Benz ain't WHOA! Black Rob, M.A.F.I.A., smoke 'dro Get dough, nice hoes, nice clothes like WHOA! [G-Dep] G-Dep spit fire like WHOA! (G-Dep, let's go) Bust two shots through your tire like WHOA! Tyin' up the getaway driver like WHOA! Frontin' like you live, but we liver like WHOA! Gettin' electrified trying to touch it like WHOA! You reach wrong, might lose your arm like WHOA! Got the detanator in my palm like WHOA! 3-2-1 hit the bomb like WHOA! I'm a beast, born in the Belly like WHOA! Excursion, stolen perellies like WHOA! I don't think there's nothing y'all can tell me that's WHOA! So I'ma just wreck the show, get the dough like WHOA! Wait! Stop the tape! I live the fast life and I only stop for cake like WHOA! My niggas, get dough, get low, hit 'dro, hit hoes, spit flows like WHOA! [Da Brat] When the coochie get wet, it's real juicy like WHOA! You fuck up my check, I'm calling Lucy like WHOA! I fell off in the club 20 deep like WHOA! Lit up about five blunts a piece like WHOA! When my new shit drop nigga, it's gon' be like WHOA! When the 34-Bs fill up the bra they like WHOA! When niggas see the size of my ass they like WHOA! When the chrome rim shine on they neck they like WHOA! Ugh! I swallow on every finger like WHOA! Same bitch who said the goldier scent lingers like WHOA! Nigga, what bitch is hotter, I'm most requested it like WHOA! I'm "Unrestricted", mic perfected like WHOA! The bitch got jazzy, I had to slap her like (*immitating slapping sounds*) When niggaz ask me to rap for free I'm like nigga WHOA! My niggaz, So So; Plat, Gold, Brat code Flyin' bigga, type clothes WHOA! [Beanie Sigel] Sigel came to set up shop, you gotta ROLL! Everytime I gotta step on the block, they like WHOA! Them young 'uns see the print of the glock be like WHOA! Everytime I'm spinning the block, they like WHOA! Bitches talk about "Can I go?" I'm like NO! I'm all about the dough, ain't got no time for no HOE! You catch me on the block on my ground wit' these HOES! Niggaz takin' nines up the nose straight FROZE! Got 'em coming back everytime like WHOA! I got 'em doing petty ass crimes like WHOA! They do anything for the coke like WHOA! They know my shit fresh off the boat like WHOA! I grips the fo-fo, hit your ass up come through in the truck slow like WHOA! My niggas get dough, get locked get out, get low, get mo' like WHOA! [Black Rob] I hit to the scene in '95 like WHOA! (Romeo, Romeo) Broke like a motherfuckin' dog like WHOA! Robbin' niggaz cribs in Mid-Town like WHOA! Plus I'm on the run from my PO like WHOA! I remember spendin' shakes on the floor like WHOA! Takin' niggaz' numbers and we flip it like WHOA! Now y'all see the God on TV you like WHOA! Doin' my dance wit' PD like WHOA! Now I got the house and my whip it's like WHOA! Jewels, every other ice clear like WHOA! Shit, L.O.X. left and Ma$e retired like WHOA! So I threw the label on my back like WHOA! And more less, more so, I'll rip your torso I live the fast life, come through in a X-5 like WHOA! My niggas like dough, light dro', nitro, my flow, nice clothes like WHOA! [Puff Daddy] Yeah, uh uh, it ain't over yet, man You know how them...the DJs...y'all gotta... Spin it back around and start it from the top I ain't gonna make you do that on this remix We gon' keep it goin We gon' give you a little taste.. of WHOA! young guns.. Bad Boy baby We won't stop, cuz we can't stop AAAAHHHH!! [Shyne] WHOA! Keep the stainless on my hip like WHOA! Shoulda seen the bitches tits like WHOA! Put it to your face for the cake like WHOA! Expert, six to your shirt like WHOA! Sin is a problem in Harlem like WHOA! Born in BK wit a dick like WHOA! Got wit BR, spit a bar like WHOA! D's on my back, spit the gats like WHOA! Had to cool off, smokin' Newports WHOA! Did the video that had the feds like WHOA! Flow off the heezy talkin weezy like WHOA! She's a G.B., so she easy like WHOA! Shit, God bless, for the dough, I pop the pussy Come through in a Volvo like WHOA! ?? roll, hydro, five-oh, high low, split the funds like WHOA!? [Petey Pablo] I'm from the dirty, filthy nasty dirty WHOA! North Carolina, I don't know shit WHOA! This shit be good too 'em ?? like WHOA! Smoke neckbones and a pot of rice WHOA! I know I ain't right, but motherfucker I'm WHOA! Hit you with a Jackie Chan chop like WHOA! Chase you with a half a water pipe like WHOA! Y'all keep actin' like y'all niggas can't get it WHOA! Fuck around and hafta loose your balance like WHOA! Cuz I'll slap the coochie fire out ya like WHOA! Man, let's get this motherfucker crunk like WHOA! And tear this fuckin' club the fuck up like WHOA! More or less, more so, I'll kick your asshole I +AM+ the fast life come through in a dump truck like WHOA! My people like my flow, nice clothes like WHOA! [Madd Rapper] I really hate you fuckin guys the Madd Rapper's like WHOA! Ain't gotta fuckin' die, my shit they happen like WHOA! I'm coming after yo' ice, gon' pull a heist, you like WHOA! Cuz I'm in Family Court, my daughter mom, she needs DOUGH! Brooklyn niggas ride trains, we steal your chains you like UGH! I steal your mics and pull the plugs at your shows you like WHA! Your new Timbs, I'm steppin' all on your toes, you like WHOA! I hate you niggas, spill my drink on your clothes you like WHA! I got a 20 of trash, y'all smokin 'dro I'm like WHOA! And I'm bootleggin' your albums, I need the dough, you like WHOA! I know y'all hearin my shit, y'all know my shit, I'm like WHOA! "Well, my album caught a brick", I'm fairly sick, I'm like WHOA! No sales, no plaques, no shows, no world tours I live a rap life so I'm trying to live yours" I'm like WHOA! My niggas, Black Rob, Bad Boy, Crazy Cat, Madd Rapp' and that's that I'm like WHOA! [Puff Daddy] Bad Boy 2000 WHOA! We're baaaack We ain't never going to stop (Life Stories) Joe Hooker is like WHOA! Shot back is like WHOA! Black Rob is like WHOA! Alumni Bad Boy baby WHOA! M.A.F.I.A. Queen Bee WHOA! D-Dot Family WHOA! (This the remix y'all) Now we ain't never gon' stop WHOA! Bad Boy is like WHOA! We been like WHOA! for 10 years Just bounce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Carl Thomas f/ L.L. Cool J, Puff Daddy Album: I Wish 12" Song: I Wish (Remix) Typed by: ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [LL Cool J](Puffy) Its gonna be a hot summer baby (This is the remix) Know what I'm saying sugar (Carl Thomas, yeah uncle L) (Let's go) When it's love at first sight It's all right to get caught up in the hype You got me staring at the ceiling late at night I got you calling up your girls for insight That's ai-ight cause I blazed it just right You got a man so I can't leave marks when I bite Can't go to your crib and conversate late at night But I know you think of me when he's holding you tight Wish I was there baby [Carl Thomas] It was love at first sight I know from the way she looked at me Her eyes said it all Long days and nights, we spent Until she dropped the bomb on me When she said that she Was unhappily married with children 1 - 	And I wish I never met her at all 	Even though I love her so 	But she got love for me 	But she still belongs to someone else It hurts so bad, for sure Because she wants to be with me But she cannot be with me She chose to stay-hey at home So they could be a family For the children But what about me? Repeat 1 Maybe in another life Things could be the way We both desired It's a catch-22 (Catch-22) Even when you win, someone had to lose Repeat 1 [LL Cool J] (Puffy) (Yeah, yeah, yeah) I wanna snatch you from your man (That's right) If need be, throw some ice up on your hand (Come on) Anybody that's human will understand (Uh) No disrespect baby it's God's plan Your man's cool with me But I must take what's rightfully mine Even if it means I gotta cross the line Even if it means I got to take my time (Take your time) And send some chicks at him and disrupt his mind But whether he true or not You still hot (Still hot) At three in the morning you sit staring at the clock (Come on) Making up reasons to ride through my block (What?) I wish he'd disappear, I wish that you'd stop I wish that we could shop with our shorties in the drop (He-he) Cruise the clear waters in a wine colored yacht (I like that) The sun rays sparkle off your skin, so hot (Come on) It gets no better than this, we on top (Yeah) [Carl Thomas] (Puffy) Met her At all, at all Even though I love her so She's got love for me, oh (Carl Thomas, Emotions) But she still belongs to someone else (Bad Boy you know the name) (Sing the song) I wish, I wish I never met her at all, oh, oh (Yeah) I wouldn't hurt so much inside Oh she still belongs to someone else Oh I wouldn't feel this pain Met her at all If I never met her at all, at all, at all Oh yeah, oh yeah She still belongs to someone else (Uh yeah, uh yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Craig Mack (with guests) Album: Flava In Ya Ear 12" Song: Flava In Ya Ear (remix) Flava In Ya Ear (Remix) [ ]= Puff Daddy's lyrics { }= female voice [Baaaaaaaad Boooooooy] [Come out and plaaaaaaaaaaaay] [You know we had to do a remix right?] THE NOTORIOUS B.I.G'S Verse Uhhhhhh, Uhhhhhh, Niggas is mad I get more butt than ash trays, Fuck a fair one I get mines the fast way, The ski mask way, Uhh, Ransom notes, Far from handsome...but damn a nigga tote, [What ya' tote] more guns than roses, Foes is, shaking in their boots, Invisible bullies like The Gooch, Disappear...vamoose...you're wack to me, Take them rhymes back to the factory, I see, The gimmicks...the wack lyrics, The shit is depressing...pathetic...please forget it, You're mad cause my style you're admiring, Don't be mad...UPS is hiring, You shoulda been a cop...fuck hip-hop, With that freestyle you're bound to get shot, Not from Houston but I rap-a-lot, Pack the gat a lot, The flav's bout to drop uhh, CHORUS Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear, Time for new flava in ya ear, I'm...kicking...new....flava in ya ear, Mack's a brand new flava in ya ear, Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear CRAIG MACK'S VERSE AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH here comes the Mack! Word up don't rap no crap you bore me, Wanna grab my dick...too lazy...hold it for me, I'm straight that great plus the heads straighten dreads, I'm everlasting like the toe on Pro Keds, A tech nine, When I rhyme, Plus I climb, Word is bind, You're album couldn't fuck with one line, It's been three years since you last hear, But now I reappear your heart pumps fear, To your gut, Did your girl's butt, I scraped it...shaped it...now she won't strut, I smash teeth, Fuck your beef, No relief, I step on stage girls scream like I'm Keith, You won't be around next year, My rap's too severe, Kicking mad flava in ya ear, Chorus Here comes the brand new flava in ya ear, Time for new flava in ya (sound of glass smashing) RAMPAGE'S VERSE Twenty one...Ninety Four, Mad muthafuckin' hardcore, It's my turn to burn now explore, The flava in ya ear it's the boyscout, I make outs, I make other rappers have doubts, [That's right] You're fucking with the wrong clan and the wrong man that's it, Now you got to get your dome split, I'm going into my knapsack with my gat, Take off my hat, Yes I'm just cool like that, The dangerous, The ruggedness, >From the Flatbush abyss, BLS...97...KISS bounce to this, I wanna live long in this rap game, Niggas know my name, Yo Puffy..., [Burn 'em in the flames] [You're jingling baby]  {Go 'head daddy} [You're jingling baby]  {Go 'head daddy} LL COOL J'S VERSE Heesheeee, Uhhhhh...blowticious, Skeevee [mmmmmm] delicious, Gimme coos coos love me good, Uhh damn, Hollis to Hollywood but is he good?, I guess like the jeans...Uhh, Flava like praleens, Sick daddy iaaamean?, Papa love it when he does it, Niggas buzz it, But tell me was it really just the flava that be clogging your ears, The most safest behavior is to stay in the clear, It's all for you...It's really all for you, {Now what?} Punch back, Close your eyes try to munch that, Oil up your ankles let your Tims tap, Bite the flava it reacts to your gold caps, Word to mama, I tongue kiss a pirhana, Electrocute a barracuda...I'm here to bring the drama, BUSTER RHYMES' VERSE YO!...YO! The flavas in your ass crease ha!, Busta Rhymes' about to bring the noise don't cease ha!, Let me loose from the belly of the beast ha!, Everybody, Hey...HEEEEEEYYYYYYY..Hey! you better believe it's Busta Rhymes and yo  we're bout to rip the Tri-State, Ay yo! Hey...HEEEEEEYYYYYYY..Hey!, I'll split your face and give you stitches, Throw niggas in ditches, Smack the ass on fat bitches, Wait one sec, I'm coming down and rolling with the heavyweight connec to the stomping grond, Now...don't you get suspicious, Grant your wishes everytime, Breaking dishes when I bust a rhyme, I know one thing the whole world least expected, Was how we all connected to break fool on the same record, Five new flavas on beat...feel the fuckin' heat, I really think you should retreat while we blow up the street, Instead of copping pleas just freeze, Maintain the focus while we smoke these marijuana trees, Break it down and disappear...reappear and blow up everywhere, Fuckin' flava's in your ear, CHORUS The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Craig Mack f/ Puff Daddy Album: Project: Funk Da World Song: Making Moves with Puff Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Changed my mind man.. {DJ cut in the background from ATCQ + L.O.N.S. "Scenario"  "Makin moves y'all.."} Chorus: Puff Daddy (repeat 4X) Gotta get the cash, gotta get the dough Gotta keep my flow Chorus 1X [Craig Mack] Peace to Brentwood Town Shipping I'm smoother than that Lex your whipping with the rack and pinion and Firelli tires that be gripping Sometimes I wonder if MC's really know Mack's eternal bought to burn you while in ten feet, of snow I grab the mic and turn in-to Ali Baba With just a dabber, my rhymes are guaranteed to grab ya I got funk with the bass and soul Cause I've been rockin on the mic since nine years old And I can groove with that, stupid fat rhymers when you're soupin that MC's catch a headache and find where some Nuprin's at I'm on the case like Magnum P.I., F.B.I. lookin for a man with the reason why And it'll cost more than Lee Majors to fix MC's after I kicks my flavor Puff and Puff and blow the House down is what the Mack do whenever I get down Gettin down, boyeee (get down) One two, Mack man's in full effect Chorus: .75X + (rock on, rock on, rock on) [Craig Mack] Move with the funk Cause we makes the moves on down Kick the funk, hahhhh.. boyeee I'm like the greatest rapper, known to man Got MC's meltin in mouth and not inside my hand (c'mon) And you can try to, write a rhyme-a but the pace that I race'll have you lookin like a old timer (old timer) Do you wanna pay a visit, to rhyme exquisite (aheh) that'll leave you standin colder than a winter blizzard (AHH) Mack's engagin, extra blazin Who's you fazin? Power Rangers ain't more amazin (amazin) Rhyme flipper, flip-a-rhyme=a-ripper (uh-huh, say what) Rip-a-rhyme-double-dipper while you talkin on my zipper I wanna know who's been naughty or nice with the device, turnin grown men into mice (yeah) I can flip funk back and forth, forth and back Ride more super rhymes against the track, tell em Mack (tell em) I got Bad Boy as my back (that's right) As we kick on the funk called MC subtract Got flow for days, got rhymes to amaze (uh-huh, c'mon) Got the brand new funk, here's the brand new craze boyeee Mack the dope (one two) We break all of the funk on down (yeah) Chorus [Craig Mack] Mo Bee, make it.. Bustin out, in the House Makin moves, with the flavor One two, as we get busier We gon' get like this Come on everybody, let's all get down Got rhymes by the ton while you weighs a pound (whoo!) Supercagafragalistic type of hyper MC That be me, twenty-twenty could not see (can't see) I don't feel the pressure, of an MC aggressor that I got a rhyme for in my top dresser (in your top dresser) Craig Mack, Bad Boy representin Fat Funkster be gettin, for Fat Funk be hittin (c'mon) It's this man's turn to earn Since my birth, a penny now is MC's worth (c'mon) And MC's are nuttin but a joke-a take a toke-a Smoke fatter than the Ayatollah Can't nuttin ever stop the Craig Mack plans to grab MC's, and crush em in my hands (as we get busier) Like I said before, here comes the Mack Power-packed in black, to make you see mad graphics (as we get busier) As we get busier in nine-four with the funk that hits on the floor Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Band f/ P. Diddy Album: Too Hot for T.V. Song: Bad Boy This, Bad Boy That Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - P. Diddy] + (Fred) Bad Boy baby (Ooooh) We the last standin' check the records (Da Band, baby) Check the score Da Band the next generation of bad motherfucker, come on (Yeah, yeah) [Verse 1 - Babs aka Babs Bunny] + (P. Diddy) Yo, I'm back and I'm hittin' 'em hard Tits don't sag, I dont need no push-up bra (Haha) Bitch you mad, Babs got a brand new car (Yeah) Drop top in the hood, I'm the ghetto superstar (Come on) Breathe, pop bottles and roll up weed (Yeah) Bab's strong arm bitches, like I'm Hercules You got a problem (Uh), come see the girl, I'll solve'em (That's right) Big belly bitches we starve 'em (Let's go, come on) Niggas in the hood, we rob 'em, whenever they flossin' Better tuck in ya chain bitch and keep on walkin' (Ahh!) You a thug, why you keep on talkin (What?), let's get it crackin' (Come on) Get a bitch stomped out in the club, I make it happen I got this, Diddy done let me out (Yeah) Hot chick, spit sick when I open my mouth (Come on) My year, now so you girls betta leave (This Bad Boy!) Me and my people comin' and we rollin' six deep (We won't stop, yeah!) [Chorus *w/ last two lines of Babs* - Ness] All I hear is Bad Boy this, and Bad Boy that This Bad Boy will beat you down, wit a baseball bat [Verse 2 - Ness aka Elliott Ness] + (P. Diddy) I'ma changed man, since I made the band Nobody, gave a damn, no one gave a hand (Uh uh, that's right) Made man, made the band, wave ya hands Rocks in the watch, I think I'm bout to blaze the band (Whoooo) Elliot Ness, you know I'm here to save the land Don't try to lie and say the liquor is what made you ran (Whoo) Go somewhere, and be a maintnence man, a janitor Dog don't blame me, blame ya manager Keep ya hands out my pockets nigga Franchise like I play for the Rockets nigga +Who Shot Ya+, +Biggie Smalls+, Tupac ya nigga (Who shot ya) "Ready to Die", "All Eyes" on the project nigga (Yeah) You stocky, I put somethin' in ya biceps niggaz I can't help it, I'm a violent nigga, silence You fuckin wit the wildest nigga That chain, fugazy, you ain't stylin' nigga [Chorus *w/ last two lines of Ness* - Choppa] All I hear is Bad Boy this, and Bad Boy that This Bad Boy will beat you down wit a baseball bat [Verse 3 - Choppa aka Young City] + (P. Diddy) There he go, hoppin' out the G5 Wagon G-coated, Ree's, Baud's and Tee's swaggin' (Choppa, let's go) Runnin' game on ya bitch, ya boy's a pimp I need a bitch wit no type of common sense, that about it (Hahaha) If you bout it then throw it up Got that fire and you ready to light it, then tote it up Now that's gangsta, don't make me spank ya You, run in that water now ya life is in danger (Yeah) Ride wit the underworld, that keep bangers Niggas that be off that frail, them beef bringers (Bad Boy baby, yeah) Picture a nigga tryin' to carry me It won't happen, I won't let you niggaz worry me (Uh, uh) I'ma stay thugged out til they bury me (Yeah) When they do, I can't wait to see Barry B. I'ma Dirty South nigga from the dirty streets Get crunk, get buck, get the fuck off ya feet [Chorus *w/ last two lines of Choppa* - Fred] All I hear is Bad Boy this and Bad Boy that Bad Boy will beat you down wit a baseball bat because [Verse 4 - Fred aka Miami] + (P. Diddy) Best believe these dudes ain't never kill nuthin' (Come on) I'm Fred, you want him dead, put some bullets in his coffin Lord forgive me, but these niggaz is playin' wit the boss man (Yeah) You don't wanna get in the trunk, you gettin tossed in (Come on man) I'm the type you squeeze tight, and you bring your cousin' (Yeah) Man homeboy that's y'all man (Let's go) Man I got it all planned, Diddy fathered the game (I'm here baby) I'm +Bad+, but not a +Boy+, I got a part of his name (Let's go) And homie, I see you slippin', then it's off wit ya chain Yo head, harder than wood then I'm sawin' yo brain (Yeah) A Don, I mean what I say, and I say what I mean (Mean it) I eat, shit, and sleep yeah, I lay wit them things (Hahaha) Bad Boy wit Universal, so don't play wit the team [Ness + Fred] Bad Boy, so don't play wit the team (Holla!) [Choppa + Fred] Bad Boy, so don't play wit the team (Holla!) [Babs]   Bad Boy, so don't play wit the team (Holla!) [Outro] [Fred] Da Band, Da Band [Puff] Da Band, 2003 [Fred] Fire! Fire! [Puff] Too Hot For T.V. [Fred] Too hot to hold in the headphones this time [Puff] Too hot to hold to cold to fold, come on, and now [Fred] Give my man Diddy the throne, and don't play wit the king [Puff] I'm here baby! Miami! Choppa City! Babs! Sara! Dylan! Ness! [Fred] Fire! yeah [Puff] And we won't stop [Fred] Da Band, fire! [Puff] Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dream f/ Black Rob, Puff Daddy Album: He Loves U Not 12" Song: He Loves U Not (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com [Puffy] I see clearly now Bad Boy, ready Dream We rock the beat And we rock the beat I see clearly now And we rock the beat 26, Bad Boy baby Remix [Dream] Pullin' petals off a flower, tryna get your way Keep pullin' 'til it tells what you wanna say Girl you can pick a field full of daisies But he'd still be my baby I know you can hardly wait 'til I'm away from him Instinctively, I know what you're thinking You'll be giving him an open invitation But my baby won't be takin' it, no 1 -	You can pout your cherry lips 	Try to tempt him with a sweet kiss 	You can flirt your pretty eyes 	Cuz he ain't got his hands tied 2 -	No chains to unlock 	So free to do what he wants 	He's into what he's got 	He loves me, he loves you not 	No matter what you do 	He's never gonna be with you 	He's into what he's got 	He loves me, he loves you not [Puffy] I can see clearly now [Dream] You're the kind of girl that's always up for do or dare Only want him because he's there Always lookin' for a new ride The grass is greener on the other side You're the kind of girl who's not used to hearin' no All your lovers try to take you where you wanna go Doesn't matter how hard you try You're never gonna get with my guy Repeat 1 Repeat 2 [Black Rob] (Puffy) Yo, yo, I wake up in the morning for the breakfast in bed (uh huh) And wind up with the breakfast and head You fire hot, you get the Lexus in red (uh huh) But you know I'm ghetto like ?Christians and bread? (a week) Tradin' the moon and the sun (yeah) For hard work and fun (that's right) You know it ain't no rest And why you stressin' me, huh (why you stressin' me, huh) I love you like Kung Fu and new ones Don't worry about Susan, cuz you the one (you the one) I make that spinach somewhere in Venice (bounce) I don't mean to ignore you, I put you in the fence (come on) I ain't got time for hotlines Probably a hot nine, you think and I find (take it, heh) Oh contrare, I won't flare Catch me on Con Air, causin' a bomb scare So much cream, my thumb green A million scene reminds me of a dream Repeat 2 to fade (with Puffy ad-libing) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dream f/ Kain, P. Diddy Album: This is Me (Remix) 12" Song: This is Me (Remix) Typed by: ILiLJ@aol.com [P. Diddy] uh yeah, come on, Bad Boy, baby This - is - the - re - mix, eh heh heh you know how we do DREAM- Melissa, Diana, Ashley, Holly Let's go baby, come on [Dream] Oh boy, I'm not the one who broke your heart before And I don't wanna make you hurt anymore She had you pulling out your hair against the wall But, baby that's not me at all (Chorus) You better see we're different as can be She and I are not alike; so don't compare her to me It doesn't matter what happened then, with me you have afriend for life You should know that that was her, and baby this is me [Dream] You get so nervous every time I touch your hand I'm not the others who just took your heart and ran But every time you say those things you make me feel so bad Why can't you just give me a chance? (yeah-ee-yeah yeah) (Chorus) [Kain] Now understand when I met you, it was love at first sight Deep thoughts and talks the first night Telling all how my past hurt like Comparing you to her waiting for our first fight Because she said the same things that you say And how love is only a game that fools play All night with her friends every Tuesday That's why I bought you a cell and a two way I know it's wrong and it makes you nauseous but (heh) I'm not suspicious, I'm cautious And you know I wanna love and trust you But it's really a lot to try to adjust to And I'm glad that you on my team Defending your man when I fall and I scheme Baby you can have all my cream It was a nightmare now it's all a dream [Dream] Boy you had your share (you had your share) Of people taking you for granted I know that you can't take me no more I will be there when things don't go the way you planned it And don't think ??? (Chorus) 2x [P. Diddy] Aiyyo, let's bring it down right here Uh yeah, uh come on, let's dance Come on, yeah, let's go y'all (Chorus) - fade out - [P.Diddy] (with Chorus) DREAM- This is Me Bad Boy, baby Bad girls (heh) I see y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Missy Elliott, P.Diddy Album Burnin Up 12" Song: Burnin Up (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P.Diddy] As we proceed (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) to give you what you need (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Yeah, it's gettin hot in here! (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Oh! It's gettin hot in here! Missy! [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] (P.Diddy) (Wooo hoooo!) Dag it's hot (I like this) Must have been Missy comin up in the spot How many times I'm a tell you to stop If me and Faith on the track artist don't wanna drop Now c-c-come on move your feet Let's slide to the flo' when ya hear this beat Let's shake it like a pro (oh) gimme what you got This is gonna blow when you play it in your box [Faith Evans] Sometimes you can be in love and having fun And still not know what's goin on (No) Or on the other hand you separate, thinkin that the feelin's gone Feels like forever when were together, I knew that we are destiny So here's the last chance for the last dance For us to bring back the dream [Chorus: Faith Evans] So baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin' for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!) [Verse 2: Missy] (P.Diddy) (It's gettin hot in here!!!) I'm burnin up like a match (Missy: Match) layin on my back (Missy: Back) Thirty eight deezy a that's just baby fat Why you so upset? Cause you want some putty cat You bought no jimmy hat no way don't gimme that Yeah I want you back, so can I have you back Those size twelve feet explains what's in your slacks I know this for a fact, I love the way you mack Can you rescue me? Ay yo Faith where you at? [Faith Evans] (P. Diddy) In the midnight hour, wait a minute I can be in a lonely place Then along you come with the sweetest thing to say And put the sun in my day (It's gettin hot in here!!!) I really wish you would [Chorus: Faith Evans] Rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up!) Baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin' for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Oooh oooh oooh oh oh (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!) (P.Diddy: It's gettin hot in here AAAAoooooooowwwwwwww!!!!) [Outro: Faith Evans] Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Freeway, Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album Burnin Up 12" Song: Burnin Up (Extended Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@hotmail.com, PhiladeLfigga@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P.Diddy] As we proceed (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) to give you what you need (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Yeah, it's gettin hot in here! (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Oh! It's gettin hot in here! Missy! [Verse 1: Missy Elliott] (P.Diddy) (Wooo hoooo!) Dag it's hot (I like this) Must have been Missy comin up in the spot How many times I'm a tell you to stop If me and Faith on the track artist don't wanna drop Now c-c-come on move your feet Let's slide to the flo' when ya hear this beat Let's shake it like a pro (oh) gimme what you got This is gonna blow when you play it in your box [Faith Evans] Sometimes you can be in love and having fun And still not know what's goin on (No) Or on the other hand you separate, thinkin that the feelin's gone Feels like forever when were together, I knew that we are destiny So here's the last chance for the last dance For us to bring back the dream [Chorus 1: Faith Evans] So baby come and rescue me (I'm burnin up!) I got somethin' for you to see (I'm burnin up!) Baby come and take me there (I'm burnin up!) Trust me you should (Hurry up!) Baby I'm just (burnin up! burnin up!) [Verse 2: Missy] (P.Diddy) (It's gettin hot in here!!!) I'm burnin up like a match (Missy: Match) layin on my back (Missy: Back) Thirty eight deezy a that's just baby fat Why you so upset? Cause you want some putty cat You bought no jimmy hat no way don't gimme that Yeah I want you back, so can I have you back Those size twelve feet explains what's in your slacks I know this for a fact, I love the way you mack Can you rescue me? Ay yo Faith where you at? [Beat Switches to JustBlaze version] [Freeway] Bad Boy, Roc-A-Fella, this is the remix! Faith! Free! Just Blaze! [Chorus 2: Faith Evans] Burnin up, my heart is like burnin up Things you do got my heart startin a fire (yess it isss) I'm on fire!  Burnin up, my heart is like burnin up Things you do got my heart startin a fire (I'm on firreee) [Faith Evans] Feels like forever, when we're together You are my destiny You got me in this position and my hearts not in the condition Your my desire, smells like a fire Baby come rescue me So baby bring back the dreaaamm Just come and rescue meee I'm on fire! [Verse 3: Freeway (Faith)] Shes burnin up! If I hit her with a Cardier it'll cool her down Its the Roc miss, gonna skip work or what? On time when you clock and I can hold you down (I'm on fire!) Still on fire I'ma hold you down Soak you up, go round for round Yeaaahhh she Just Blazin, ain't that amazin She claimin she don't know the sound (I'm on fire!) But she feelin the kid Don't care how it starts Just when I'm floatin the pound Into the crib, we can just dance, dance, dance All night in the dark You like that? Yeaaahhh On the right track yeah How you want me to bite that? Ma I'll be right back When the jokin stops, Faith, Just Blaze and Free Bad Boy and the Roc [Outro: Faith Evans] Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire Burning up! My heart is like burnin up! Things you do got my heart startin a fire The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Loon, P. Diddy Album: Faithfully Song: You Gets No Love Typed by: timmytown69@bigpond.com Uh, uh, uh, whoa, whoa Yeah, yeah I know it's not too ghetto I know it's not too ghetto I said I know it's not too ghetto Whoa You better check yourself, respect yourself You better go for self because I flow for self You gets no love from me I'll tell you why there's no love Simply you're not cool enough For what we had between us Don't you know you lost my touch People ask me where you've been And I tell them where just friends Cos it's so obvious that it's never gonna work for us Oh no, no Play with my emotions, you gets no devotions And you gets no love, gets no love You can't get no love from me You can't even be my friend And you gets no love again Whatever you do it will come back to you Tell you why we can't hook up Cos I had about enough Hearing all the lies you tell Boy I though I knew you well People think that you're my man (my man) They don't even understand (because) Just because I let you get some That don't make it ?? We ain't even in love You know that you play Play with my emotions, you gets no devotions And you gets no love, gets no love You can't get no love from me You can't even be my friend (yeah) And you gets no love again (come on) Whatever you do it will come back to you (ay yo faith) 	[P. Diddy] Let me talk to em one time, check this out Yo how the situation get so raw To the point we don't kiss no more Things I miss you don't miss no more That night I met you on the disco floor Every night since missed you more Making hits on tour Now when I knock you don't answer the door The phone ring you don't answer no more Cos you ain't tryna chance it no more Got to find me a new diva Something pretty for P. Diddy and his two-seater 	[Loon] Now you could never have a piece of my love So when you see me don't reach for no hug And don't speak in the club Don't tell me how you deeply in love Other day you tried to greet me with thugs That wanted to heat me with slugs See the message on my beeper was bugged Try to chill lay deep in the cut But you keepin it up Even my girl think of beating you up The way you keeping in touch She don't know if niggaz cheating or what Boy we had a cool relationship (let's go, come on) But you couldn't handle it Play with my emotions, you gets no devotions Whatever you do it will come back to you You can't even be my friend And you gets no love again Said you gets no love, gets no love, gets no love from me Play with my emotions, you gets no devotions Whatever you do it will come back to you You can't even be my friend And you gets no love again You gets no love from me Play with my emotions... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Faith Evans f/ Puff Daddy Album: Keep the Faith Song: All Night Long Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] I like this right here, yeah Bad Boy, and we won't stop Faith, '99 [Faith] 1 - 	We can dance, dance, dance 	Clap your hands, hands, hands 	All night, if you're in the mood 	Do what you wanna do 	All night long Happy days are here So leave your cares behind Just relax your mind It's so easy to do it Just enjoy yourself If the feeling's right Get your groove on tonight Take your time tonight Everything's all right Ain't nothing but a party Repeat 1 Get up on the floor Don't worry 'bout a thing The rhythm's got you now So come on, get into it Just enjoy yourself If the feeling's right Get your groove on tonight Take your time tonight Everything's all right Ain't nothing but a party Repeat 1 Have a good time Lay back, relax Just free your mind Let the music take control of you [Puffy] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah If it's a hot then I must've did it If it's not then I wasn't with it Bad Boy stay committed Whether hip-hop or R&B Featuring Faith Evans, co-starring me, P. Diddy You know I got the key to your city Unlock the door, rock some more Beats we lace Bad Boy heat the place We run R&B too cuz we keep the faith Givin the streets a taste Blaze the charts [Faith]  I remember  [Puffy] In case you forgot First Lady B making it hot Ain't nobody taking the spot Now it's Faith instead of pain Coming through with a better grain  In the dash, cell phone better range Get the cash, and stock paper for the whole four quarters Damn, some things never change Can ya feel me? Ya feel me? Let's make 'em dance Let's go Repeat 1 Have a good time Lay back, relax Just free your mind Let the music take control of you Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: G. Dep f/ Black Rob, Kain, Loon, Mark Curry, P. Diddy Album: Child of the Ghetto Song: Let's Get It (Remix) (Bonus Track) * Typed by: UpToWNKiLLa181@hotmail.com {corrections to the typist} * differs from the remix on P. Diddy's "Bad Boy For Life" 12" [Black Rob] They said that I'm a Rottweiler And I'm from the Rottweiler house, the Rottweiler New York [Loon over Black Rob] (P. Diddy) We just happy to be here (This is the remix) Fuckin cock suckers (Bad Boy baby), haha! [Kain] Yo.. aiyyo, get smacked silly (right) Kain am I aid and check wet willys (uhh) Dep cracked the dutch cause Curry broke the philly (what?) News at ten, Bad Boy, hope ya know not them dudes again (not them dudes again) Yeah we hold vendettas, big ten letters (what?) S6s with fourteen antennas (c'mon) Or in the Porsche with the buckets back, hah (Oh my God!) Bitches like, "Who the fuck is that?" Ciaffi, freaked off, drunk off Saki (that's right) Got 'em +Eyeing The Tiger+ like +Rocky+ (c'mon) When I, step on the scene I'm expectin my cream Stand by and I'm reppin for Queens (that's right) My destination is, detonation (say what?) If one verse-out, my mouth could dead a nation (that's right) Yeah I said it, and Diddy gon' and did it (c'mon) Put these rappers on edit, now let's get it (let's get it) Make this money, take this money (let's get it) Ain't no way you can take this from me (let's get it) Ain't shit funny (uhh) shake it honey (let's get it) Take it money, now let's get it (let's get it) [P. Diddy over Chorus] This, is, the, remix - Bad Boy baby.. We just happy to be back [Mark Curry] Curry the paperchaser, lace the track up with 16 bars of crack Bring it back from the block, sub on (?) workin it wherever you at Get the money and the nigga, no takin nothin from me I'm hungry for it, I'm fadin niggaz 'cross the border And if they want war, we can war (we can war) I'm chin-chose down to the floor (uhh) Round 'em and count 'em, take 'em all (uhh) Ya lookin for the hook up, who ya call? The M the A the R the K the C-U double R-Y Shit crackin all night, gotta hear it all types I'm to the pavement, my nights and days wit (uh-huh) While you stare in amazement, I'm hotter than Cajun You're blazin, throwin up my tre's in, who want 'em? Just like that, a 360 on 'em, get that Twist yo' ball caps and rep how ya livin It's all about the cash, let's get it (let's go) [P. Diddy over Chorus] C'mon, Bad Boy's young guns This, is, the, remix - Loon.. [Loon] Uhh, yeah, now check it out, yo, check it out I'm 'bout a dollar, son, I see through it, I gotta follow (c'mon) If ya ain't borrow money I gotta holla (holla) Simple and plain (plain), the reason why I entered the game (that's right) I seen Sean do it, so I'm tryin to get it the same (let's go) Pimpin ain't changed, niggaz still gettin 'em thangs Got the six with Shaquille feet rippin 'em lanes Got a chick that's a real freak givin me brains The temperature changed, soon as nigga get off the plane So ya know a nigga gettin some change, stand over the game While do they shake they shoulders the same? (why?) We get money, they ain't supposed to be playin So what we supposed be sayin You niggaz actin like these crackers ain't payin So let's get it (you got it), so let did it again (c'mon) In 2002, son, I'm diggin the Benz (that's right) With the rims that stop but continue to spin (yeah) My shorty come with a crew son, I'm diggin the French So let's get it [P. Diddy over Loon's last line] This, is, the, remix [P. Diddy over Chorus] Bad Boy baby, The Saga Continues, The Saga Continues The Saga Continues [G. Dep] Soul Controller (yeah!), rap Ayatollah Kids hate me when they older I put cracks by the stroller (c'mon) I'm registered voter, motherfuck a quota Give some bakin soda and a quarter (yeah) Bet I flow straight up out the water I'ma wreck the game 'til it say "Out of order" (uh-huh) Put the high score up, then tear the floor up On the world tour with your whore out in Europe Head on the tour bus (ehh) Do what them niggaz in the drop thinks cooler Called up five reporters to thank my supporters Hittin wives and daughters Brought 'em neck spray from Estee Lauders Call Puffy to order [P. Diddy] Aiyyo, call me Diddy, I run this city Send the cops, the D.A. and feds to come get me Cats wanna leave me for dead you comin with me Gettin head in the Bentley red at one fifty (aah!) Straight lose it, love two things my money my music Might co-write and produce it, drop mine, hot 9 exclusive Got y'all +Hulkin+ like +Bruce+ did (say what, say what?) Cause I can, break backs and stacks, it's no problem (no problem) Make raps and tracks and go Harlem I get worldwide coverage I got so many spots I don't even buy luggage Ya love it; make moves major, hide out in Asia If your girl keep comin around them I'm a blaze her I'm the Bad Boy flavor, light blue gators NOT GUILTY!! {*echoe*} C'mon [P. Diddy over Chorus] This, is, the, remix - Bad Boy baby The Saga Continues, The Saga Continues [Black Rob] I be the east side Soprano, Rob Marciano Flow in each channel with the Iverson handle (c'mon) Forty-five sparks (haha) turn your day gray flannel Snatch the yay of the mantle, then proceed to dismantle Can't slay Rob How many niggaz done tried to play mob, quit they day job Tired of putting broke niggaz under the wing If I go to jail again I'm going under the bing Act like you gonna pull that thing thing You the only one that always get stuck for bling bling I represent "A" block in Sing Sing Almost caught a buck fifty for fuckin a Latin King's queen (oh papi!) Moves for paper, booze no chaser Bullets out the blazer four-fifths with laser (take that) Come and get your shit splitted, newspapers say I did it (he ain't do it) Now let's get it (let's get it) [P. Diddy over Chorus] This, is, the, remix - Bad Boy baby, yeah [P. Diddy over Chorus] This, is, the, remix - Bad Boy baby 2001, The Saga Continues [P. Diddy] The Saga Continues, yeah {*ad libs to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: G-Dep f/ Lady May, P. Diddy Album: Child of the Ghetto Song: Smash on the First Night Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com (G-Dep) Yeah (Diddy) G-Dep (G-Dep) Yo Boo, I ain't tryin' to be disrespectful or nothin' (Diddy) G-Dep (G-Dep) Check, I wanna fuck on the first night   Word up boo (Diddy) G-Dep (G-Dep) And that's just me, I don't know   Word up, you been patient (Diddy) Talk to 'em, talk to 'em [Verse 1 - G-Dep and (P. Diddy)] See the thing about Dep (Yeah), I talk about sex (Uh, huh) After small talk what we gon' talk about next (Come on) Some Moet, just to get ya mouth wet Full of buzz, let me put the plug in the outlet, maybe Maybe so, yes or no, shit I never stress a hoe I let's a hoe (Come on), if it ain't possible, you got to go (Yeah) Let the door knob hit ya, take the Moet witcha, shit ya Picture perfect, 'til the bullshit surface (Come on) Probably want me to purchase, but that shit ain't worth it (Naw) I wanna fuck for free, like Akanelli (Yeah), I got the tele You got to tell me if you wit (You wit it), come on even Monica did it When I meet you let me treat you like the chronic and hit it Lay you on the bed, like you was a spread And let you do what you do what that head That's when I said (Come on), yo boo [Chorus - G-Dep, Lady May and (P. Diddy)] Dep: I wanna fuck on the first night (You wanna what) May: You wanna hit it and run, I ain't the one (Yeah let's go) Dep: I wanna fuck on the first night (Say what) May: You wanna jump all on it, how bad you want it Dep: (Stop screaming my name) Dep: I wanna fuck on the first night May: Put i all in my ribs, what you think this is, nigga Dep: (I don't know) Dep: I wanna fuck on the first night May: Yeah ok picture that, you ain't ready for that Dep: (Stop screaming my name) (G-Dep) I wanna, I wanna, you wanna [Verse 2 - Lady May and (P. Diddy)] You wanna what, you don't want a chick like me you wanna slut Take in the cut, let you put it in my but 'Til you, bust a nut on my com-for-ter, uh uh That's not gon' happen, fuck if you rappin' on starship captain Yo, this nigga thinking he knocking, have me from the back And get my booty to clap, I'm laughing, I find that funny (Yeah) Did you see manikin, like I'm that dummy (Ha, ha, ha) Stop the game, how y'all not the same (Uh uh) Cracks and pain (Yeah), and then crack for brains (Come on) Work that pussy out, like Jac-que-line I know the plays, and that's half the game Brain tellin' me no, body tellin' me go (Yeah) Shit I ain't a hoe, whatcha tellin' me yo (Listen girl) (Chorus) [Verse 3 - G-Dep and (P. Diddy)] It's G-Dep on ya frequency (Yeah) So when you hear wanna freak wit me (Bad Boy Baby) And we could be the best of friends (Yeah, come on) But if you ever stress again, guess again (What, ha) Now we could bone bitch don't pretend (Uh) We came to fuck, now baby what's up (Come on) Yo clique is all corrupted (Let's go), all suck dick I don't care who you fucked wit (That's right) Now we could do it at the flicks, I bust quick Smashin', hear the sound when the ass hit Hit it from the back, make you call me a bastard Goin' out vivid, got my foot all pivot, I give it How you give, talk it just how you live it (Yeah) You can get along wit me (That's right) Fuck now you on wit me (Uh huh) Maybe we could work somethin' (Yeah) Call ya boo maybe she could hurt somethin' (Let's go) I'll be, sure as Al B. (Uh), here take the house key (Uh) Don't start without me (Uh uh) like money put it where ya mouth be (Yeah) I'ma leave around three, I thing about me, is (G-Dep) (Chorus) (Diddy) G-Dep (G-Dep) It's just me I don't know   It's just how I get down (Diddy) Come on, yeah   Tonight's the night, tonight's the night, tonight's the night (Chorus) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: P. Diddy f/ Craig Mack, G. Dep, Ghostface Killah, Keith Murray Album: We Invented the Remix Song: Special Delivery (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro: Ghostface Killah] Fuck the whole industry!!!! You tried to get rid of me!!! Y'all must be kiddin me!! Y'all must be kiddin me!!! Aiyyo fuck the whole industry!!! Come on!!! Staten Island! Come on! Hold me down!!! [Verse 1: Ghostface Killah] Monster cut truck balley shit Champagne spillin while we hittin every bump that my Denali hit Outfit is four thousand and better The rhinestones in my flintstones look crazy in my sweater Pah, it's not a big fairy tale that's my M.O. Fuck bitches on the reg' with no problemo Iceberg, rabbits, and the fox and more Where I coped two more, brought four for RZA Bad Boy thank you for this special delivery Catch me by the pool in my Tony Starks slippers Wonder Woman armed, Ghost is intelligent Made 30 off of dust dime I was killin 'em Did cash on One-Sixteen I was feelin 'em Them days kept a crisp coke dollar bill on 'em I lived it out -- special delivery I spit it out -- special delivery I sniffed it out -- special delivery [Chorus: P. Diddy] (I want that) Special delivery!!! (I need that) This is the remix, special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Come on, special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) Bad Boy baby!!, special delivery!!! (I want that) We won't stop!!!, special delivery!!! (I need that) Yeah! G. Dep! Child of the Ghetto!!! (Can I have that?) As we proceed! AHHH!! (Well give it to me) [Verse 2: G. Dep] Aiyyo! Aiyyo! Signed, sealed, delivered in just the nick of time Rare, I'm a give it to 'em my design is rhyme in the ghettoist form Show power the child of the ghetto is born Uh, feet first, preach give a speech I kick ya each verse Groove let the shit just spit now it's dirt Death pressin ya and ya like a hustler on the first ya need work Stand by the grand high exhaulted At your door with a portrait of the raw shit Picture that while I spit anthrax On your cd, tape, and wax so stand back You don't really wanna jump the gun In the airless flow with punctured lungs Go 'head and stand there and bump ya gums If ya wan't the problem we can hurry up and come bury ya I'ma play the courier [Chorus: P. Diddy] special delivery!!! (I want that) Yeah come on, special delivery!!! (I need that) This is the remix, special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Ha-ha ha-ha, special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) Come on come on!!! Special delivery!!! (I want that) Yeah yeah!!! Special delivery!!! (I need that) What what!!! Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Ladies and gentlemen, Keith Murray, ahh!! (Well give it to me) [Verse 3: Keith Murray] Yo! This for my niggaz dem special delivery Bang ya head off to this, fuckin up your memory I'll shake your cradle and rock your boat Buck 50 your face and then butter your throat It don't matter where you been or where you at I'm here now and I'm bangin, kid you softer than the Queen of England Phraseologist natural philosopher wordsmith Authentical metaphorical lyricist Sharp descriptive writer, kill a biter Panty raider, party exciter Yo Murray what the deal - how ya feel? Yeah I'm gutter what I utter got you timid hesitatin like a stutter Oxymoron, don't be dumb I school niggaz like the United Negro College Fund I see you plottin schemin tryin to snake And when you do I'm a give it to you special delivery [Chorus: P. Diddy] (I want that) Special delivery!!! (I need that) This is the remix!!! Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) Get wit me now come on special delivery!!!! (Well give it to me) Bad Boy baby!!! Special delivery!!! Ay yo hold up a second......this is the remix so let's bring back my man, Craig Mack [Verse 4: Craig Mack] Aiyyo you must wanna be in the Guinness Book of World Records as the dumbest motherfucker alive Figure you gon' survive You couldn't move through my terrain, even in 4-wheel drive And I'm your highness, finest You hungry? Try this, buy this, livest Uh huh, I take my rap style real serious What you think it ain't...that serious? I bang clubs and streets it's gettin hot See Mack won't stop until Mack's on top Young black america my CD drop in two thousand and two, to change hip-hop Most folks shake ya bones I'm talkin cyclones and "Terrordomes" like Mel Gib-son's My heat will cook you bwoyy, whooped you bwoyy! Mack came an shook you bwoyy, somma'bitches [P. Diddy] Somma'bitches!!! [Chorus & Outro: P. Diddy] (I want that) Take that!!! Come on!!! Special delivery!!! (I need that) Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) This is the remix!!!! Special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) G. Dep!!!! Special delivery!!! (I want that) Come on now!!! Special delivery!!! (I need that) Child of the ghetto!!! Special delivery!!! (Can I have that?) 1-1-5, Harlem's Finest!!! Special delivery!!! (Well give it to me) Yeah, special delivery!!! (I want that) Alumni baby! Special delivery! (I need that) B-R, special delivery! (Can I have that?) Ghostface, special delivery, Keith Murray! (Well give it to me) Craig Mack, special delivery! (I want that) I'm that boy they call Diddy, Bad Boy baby (I need that) Yeah! Special delivery! (Can I have that?) Special delivery (Well give it to me) Special delivery... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Cease f/ Puff Daddy Album: Wonderful World of Cease A Leo Song: Don't Stop Typed by: devoncohen@hotmail.com Intro: Lil' Cease Uh, yeah Uh, One-two One-two One-two, ya'll Uh, Uh, yeah, Uh Yo, yo, yo, yo Verse One: Lil' Cease It's Lil Cease nigga About to blow charm like pop In the Benz drop I'm hot, you're not Pedal to the floor Four-fifth ????? I'm the nigga you're bitch love to clock Be the artist standing raw, gettin head in the lot Outside of Justin's, in the parking lot Keep the feds on the low, in the darkest spot Like Jigga, my lifestyle is just hard to knock A nigga with more juice than 2Pac My crew moves spots Three for my niggas in the yard in the box ?????????, all a nigga got I'm a ball till I fall Land on acres Get this paper Smile like Don Juan at Gators If ya feel me on this,  Then my words will save ya If ya wanna talk to me, nigga talk paper Shit, fuck em I want potatoes, now fuck later???? Chorus: Puff Daddy We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me And I don't stop, till you haters rock wit me And I won't stop, till I'm dead here wit fifty And we don't stop, we won't stop And we don't stop, you know who run the city And we don't stop, till my dogs rock for Biggie And we don't stop, till the feds come and get me And we won't stop, we don't stop Verse Two: Lil' Cease Uh, Yo, yo, yo All a nigga need is  One shot, one brick Four niggas and four clips Mo thugs and four-fifths We car-jacked a few whips Apartment on the hot strip Feds come, we lose it Pissy off of party and bullshit Till we max out If it's beef then act out, nigga So fuck all ya'll cats wit ya ass out Yappin bout ya crackhouse Creepin on the low C-Gutter tear his back out I ain't scared a ya'll Trust me, ya'll ain't ready Ya need to bring ya bitch Cause she more heavy than metal My guns rock steady, The more the merry Niggas hall ass, break fast like Mob Berry????? Before I land three like Dell Curry (that's real) I'm tryin to blow like Kurtis All that shit you doing, is makin me nervous Nervous, join the service That paranoid shit could hurt us Kill us Down at B.I.E. for B.I. Nigga, it's reality You wanna battle nigga, bring ya large salary And ya whole team to tackle me, nigga Who be the last to fuck after me Money L, D-Rock Niggas ain't fuckin wit me Chorus: Puff Daddy We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me And I don't stop, till you haters rock wit me And I won't stop, till I'm dead here wit fifty And we don't stop, we won't stop And we don't stop, you know who run the city And we don't stop, till my dogs rock for Biggie And we don't stop, till the feds come and get me And we won't stop, we don't stop Verse Three: Lil' Cease Yo, yo, yo I'm a switch hits on niggas Drop hits on niggas Switch V's on niggas Platinum to the quadrup on niggas Two to the point to the five on niggas Run hard with the wildest niggas In a cut, can't find us niggas Livest niggas Ice be shinin niggas Blindin niggas In the four point six, reclining niggas Bitches like "damn, I got to find this nigga" If I give her seven digits, got to dial this nigga And you know I'm on top, you got to watch me nigga And my dogs shoot the ball till you foul me nigga And when the beefs on, you gon drown, my nigga I'm a rise for real, and wish death to the fake ones This is for my niggas that was down since day one That bid long, Hang in and hang on Hold ya head and stay strong, my niggas Chorus: Puff Daddy We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me And I don't stop, till you haters rock wit me And I won't stop, till I'm dead here wit fifty And we don't stop, we won't stop And we don't stop, you know who run the city And we don't stop, till my dogs rock for Biggie And we don't stop, till the feds come and get me And we won't stop, we don't stop We won't stop, till you niggas come and stick me And I don't stop, till you haters rock wit me And I won't stop, till I'm dead here wit fifty And we don't stop, we won't stop And we don't stop, you know who run the city And we don't stop, till my dogs rock for Biggie And we don't stop, till the feds come and get me And we won't stop, we don't stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Cease f/ Blake C, Larceny, Puff Daddy Album: The Wonderful World of Cease a Leo Song: Get Out of Our Way Typed By: devoncohen@hotmail.com Intro: Blake C B.I.G. nigga Forever and ever Yeah You know by now,  By now you know You know, my name What is it? Blake C Brooklyn If ya don't know We bring the thunder, thunder I said I'm here now And I'm never gone Verse One: Larceny Know what I'm sayin, We goin do it like this, Yo, yo, yo Larc Vegas banger Till they took my jet plane, cliffhanger Fuck it,  Yeah he crashed my plane That ain't nothin but change Throwin niggas through windows  Head on like freight trains Chicks hit it the same Our slogan: Bullets don't have no names And how we keep our circle tight We shake off the lanes Thats primo And when Blake say so Have ya family ridin Behind the Hearse and Limo Guess who in the last car System knocked like a disco Thinkin BIG, thinkin cris Bumpin "Missing You" It's all about the cash flow Get up in they asshole When you spit, just give em a taste Thats hotter than tabasco See, ever since I was a little rascal Uh, never was bashful To let out more nuts than cashew Was swarmed by so many honeys, You thought I did taboo Well baby, it's natural With charm is how I grasp you God bless me When a nigga ha-choo When a nigga ha-choo When a nigga ha-choo God bless me When a nigga ha-choo Chorus: Blake C Get out our way, get out our way Ya'll betta pray, niggas betta pray I told ya I was comin, I told ya we were coming (B.I.G. style) Ya best to start runin, Ya best to start runnin Can't move the way we move Never move the way we move We're too clever, clever, clever, clever, clever Verse Two: Lil Cease Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo This rap shit, I'm the father Your biological The infrared on it, It ain't hard to find you Even, larger dudes get smashed at barbecues Security house, cameras that monitor you My bitches freak nasty in front of you If I give her the word, she'll swallow a few Gargle it too Cease game stick like glue Crazy, a lotta you tell You never forgave me My ice grain like, shine on the shammy???? My thugs come in a bunch, but not the Bradys Go to war, like niggas in Haiti No if, ands or maybe Not up going to school, just lazy Fuck the chickens, I trick dick to the ladies Come with the force thats greatly My stash go in the safe with the key Don't be mad at what God made me Muthafuckas Chorus: Blake C Get out our way, get out our way Ya'll betta pray, niggas betta pray I told ya I was comin, I told ya we were coming Ya best to start runin, Ya best to start runnin Can't move the way we move Never move the way we move We're too clever, clever, clever, clever, clever (Puffy - It's my turn now) Verse Three: Puff Daddy Sean Jean, I shines I floss But get it out with the platinum cross My own boss What's the price, fuck the cost See a bitch, fuck a bitch Get head, get tossed While ya cats fight for front page in the Source I'm Beat Boys, Status, P-D, People's Choice Powdered for Bentley Simply Doing fifty, gently Bad Boy industry, nigga Please don't tempt me Present me Only to the top swiftly Quickly,  I'm talking to the ones that envy I advise ya'll Get money, and get wis-er My team,  Like the newest quasars, blaze ya'll We got our guards up, raise ya'll Your chips minor, mine major Soon to be comin for a beat to save ya'll What Chorus: Blake C, (Puffy) Get out our way, get out our way Ya'll betta pray, niggas betta pray I told ya I was comin, I told ya we was coming Ya best to start runin, Ya best to start runnin Can't move the way we move Never move the way we move We're too clever, clever, clever, clever, clever  (Yeah, yeah, yeah, times up now) Get out our way, get out our way (We're here now) Ya'll betta pray, niggas betta pray (Took a little break) I told ya I was comin, I told ya we was coming (But we back) Ya best to start runin, Ya best to start runnin (Been a long time comin) Can't move the way we move (Lil Cease) Never move the way we move (Junior M.A.F.I.A.) We're too clever, clever, clever, clever, clever (Queen Bee, Lil Kim) Get out our way, get out our way (D-Roc, the General) Ya'll betta pray, niggas betta pray (Bris, Banga) I told ya I was comin, I told ya we were coming (Blake) Ya best to start runin, Ya best to start runnin  (That nigga, P. Ditty. Yeah that's me) Can't move the way we move (Mase) Never move the way we move (B.I.G. forever) We're too clever, clever, clever, clever, clever (And we won't stop) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Cease f/ Puff Daddy Album: Wonderful World of Cease A Leo Song: Long Time Coming Typed by: BaLPLaya34@hotmail.com [Puffy] Let these Muthafuckaz know (Brooklyn) We ain't playin(It's my time to shine) We gonna let B.I.G. live vicariously through us, you feel me? You don't even know how to spell that shit(get my shit off on Niggaz) But Cease tell em why it's a long time coming, playa [Lil' Cease] Uh...I'ma do the dues I'ma do my thing Do the dues I'ma do my thing Do the dues I'ma do my thing Uh.. yo...yo..yo It's me y'all Cease a Leo, big spender Ice rockin criss (where you at nigga?) I'm at the bar with ten strippers No niggaz, rock platinum, just avoid gold diggers I'm here now, guess what, I want it all now Fuck blazers and roofs, we kick the door down Beat you in the jaw now, move swift like a coke on a grey hound Nigga what, it's been a long time comin but it was bound to come Cause I been doing this shit since day one Yeah, niggaz talk it but then niggaz walk it I'ma be in the benz flossin', Look at chicken's crossing Like vaseline, old school gather deans, uh no exposure in no magazines Think you can test my team? Team up boy you still can't match my queen With a lack of self esteem, foolish pleasure, layed out on a stretcher Tryin to test the, mic molester, word to my uncle Fester I put it on y'all B.I.G. warned y'all about the thugz that wrote calls It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long  It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long  It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long ... It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long ... [Larceny] You love them hoez, banga? Please, bitch call me Mr.Freeze cuz the shit on my neck and my sleeve Be keepin' zero degreez, when I fuck just a nut in the breeze Learned from LiL Cease, keep them hoez on they knees Start to love em then you trickin your cheese Her and her friend whippin the V and that ain't me I switch my bitch up bitch up like Jordan in the playoffs  Switchin his kicks off, you got it mixed up like the hash seeds and  Sticky greens that I twist up, for me it just be luck I'm holdin mine jump in the truck, what, just hang a bitch, bang a bitch,  Leave em in dead, coffin style, bitches love a thug when they smile, uhhh It's me yo, the poet, street gigolo, mafia dough got plans for this shit to  blow Now I want the strip locked with the crack code open, blow, you front? Be the first to go, you know? It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long  It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long  It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long ... It's been a long time comin but it was bound to come We been on this shit since day one [Lil Cease] Niggaz talk it while I live it, nigga it's so vivid See when B.I.G. did it, I keep it Jig wit it These niggaz ain't got enough dough to get wit it The heart, you can't get it Mr L you wont get it  Got enough tissue y'all? Cease done shitted Album done fully submitted and all that dip down long sleeve, fitted hat  Been doing this since way back, 94, fully newer score Till 96 when track masters signed the law (what) then I gassed em all  Launched July 4th now it's top floor, just before the war (which war) That's bi-coastal, fuck the cast that's vocal, spit the class focal Watch me blow you, smoke you, fuck you, I dug a bitch but not you (why) Bigger calmness, Niggaz don't really wanna start shit, it's coming It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long  It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been doin this shit since day one It's been a long time coming but it was bound to come  We been puttin in bidz far too long ... It's been a long time comin but it was bound to come We been doin this shit since day one It's been a long time comin...bound to come Doin this shit since day one It's been a long time comin but it was bound to come We been puttin in bids far too long The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Cease f/ Bristal, Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Wonderful World of Cease A Leo Song: Play Around Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net, janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] As we proceed To give you what you need B.I.G., mutha fucka's Lil' Cease, mutha fucka's [Bristal] Yo, handsome Hansun Got dough like the Hanson's Niggas come fast, went out like Helly Hanson Mr. Bristal, you will never catch me dancin' Often prancing, only in a mansion In the party, I'm high and drunk, I see you glancin' Never blow my cool, even if it's jammin' If shit hit the fan then I got the cannon Cock, lick-shots, leave 'em where they standin' You can call the cops, I never get ran in Call Blake C., ya'll get the understanding Who my man is, who the fam' is All that bullshit you talk? Can it, we own the planet It's a definite, niggas over money, reppin' it Armageddon it, destroy e'rything when we settin' it You delicate, far away in the country where you better get Assets in, nigga Ya'll need to get wit' some veterans 1 - 	[Big Harve] 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around with me 	No more, I'll kill you 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around 	You don't wanna play around with me 	No more, I'll kill you [Lil' Cease] Yo, yo, yo Niggas wanna start shit, push the button See the dough flip from the carpet Me and Bris' about to lock down the market Gats be sparkin', they lie too Not Crips and Bloods, it's Piru B-Roc I'ma die for you Till this day, I'mma ride for you And God forbid, gotta die too When you pull that gat, I'll be right beside you To guide you, on who to hit and not to If a nigga guilty, got to die too That's the real-la, you're talkin' to the roach killer For more scrilla About to upset New York like Reggie Miller Once they say you turn thug, you turn killer Man, it's hard to turn back when a nigga feel ya That's why they tell ya you're nobody 'til somebody kill ya That's why until ya play it back, don't get too familiar Cause if you get too close, my nigga's might fuckin' killa ya Nigga Repeat 1 while: [Lil' Kim] Another one The Queen Bee, extraordinaire Lil' Cease, commin' at'cha For the year 2000 and the new millennium, Uh Fuck all you hoes, I blows like flutes Bitches don't shake my hand, they salute the lieutenant Rich men kiss the back of the hand of the royal highness Pocohontas, Mafia's behind us, ballin' like Utah Didn't think a ghetto bitch could come this far From pushin' Buicks to candy apple red Jaguars Bitch think I'm rich, I could rock a fool blue suit A furry Kangol with some cowboy boots And still be the shit of the night When I come through You be on the side holdin' ya cups like the bums do Waitin' for the Queen to put some change in it I pull out a 'G' and drop it with a hundred grand left in my pocket I promoted this shit, so I got's to make a profit And all the ends are sins to my men's, down his prophet Me and Lil' Cease, it's part two, me partners Layin' niggas down like carpenters So pardon us, like Nike's, we just do it We ain't amateurs to this shit, we used to it And all the bodies I killed, keep 'em on file So when they anniversaries come, we pop Cristall Ask Bristal, the Golden Child, ta-dow Take it how I gives it, you talk it, you live it And don't forget it, bitches [Puffy] Stop tryin' to sound like her too, bitches Repeat 1 while: [Lil' Kim] Ya'll muthafucka's do not wanna play with us Ya'll don't wanna play with us We will fuckin' kill you Set the fucka's right I'll fuckin' kill you I don't give a fuck who it is You don't wanna play around The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Puff Daddy Album: Hardcore Song: No Time Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Intro: Puff Daddy Heh, heheheh I got, no time for fake niggaz Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz From East to West coast spread love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (say what?) I got, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) From East to West coast spread love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (he-heh) 1-  ("How you figure that your team can effect my cream?" - B.I.G.) I got, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) 2-  ("I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die" - B.I.G.) From East to West coast spread love niggaz (ha hahh, that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (let's go) Verse One: Lil' Kim Yeauhhh, I Momma, Miss Ivana Usually rock the Prada, sometimes Gabbana Stick you for your cream and your riches Zsa Zsa Gabor, Demi Moore, Prince Diane and all them rich bitches Puff Daddy pump the Hummer for the summer I follow -- in the E-Class with the goggles 96 models, Bad Click on the stroll (Tell em how we roll) Cruise control Nuttin make a woman feel betta than Berrettas and Amarettas, butta leathers and mad cheddaz Chillin in a Benz with my ami-gos Tryin to stick a nigga for his pe-sos If you say so's, then I'm the same chick that you wanna get with, lick up in my twat Gotta hit the spot, if not don't test the poom poom nanny nanny, punanny donny, heyyy! Chorus: Puff Daddy Heyyy, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) From East to West coast spreadin love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures (he heh) 1-  ("How you figure that your team can effect my cream?" - B.I.G.) I got, no time for fake niggaz (uh-uh, uh-uh) Just sip some Cristal with these real niggaz (uh-huh, uh-huh) 2-  ("I rely on Bed-Stuy to shut it down if I die" - B.I.G.) From East to West coast spreadin love niggaz (that's right) And while you niggaz talk shit we count bank figures Verse Two: Puffy (Kim moaning in the background), Lil' Kim How you like it baby? Uhh, from the front Uhh, from the back, give that ass a smack Bet your man won't do it like that Can't work the middle, plus his thing too little Let me grab your ta-ta's, do the cha-cha Work down your ta-ta's do the cha-cha Make you scream Pa-pa You da best, Da Da Now watch mama, go up and down dick to jaw crazy Uhh! Say my name baby (okay) Before you nut, I'ma dribble down your butt cheeks Make you wiggle, then giggle just a little I'm drinkin babies, then I cracks for the Mercedes Act shady, and feel my three-eighty *gun cocks* or the raven, oohwee I see Your girl ain't a "Freak Like Me", or Adina Huh, can't fade the rhinoceros of rap (say what?) Lil' Kim pussy (uhh) how preposterous is that? (ha hah!) Chorus: subst 'Got' for 'Heyyy', minus B.I.G. samples Verse Three: Lil' Kim Uhh, right back at cha, the one Cleopatra (say what?) Diggin in your stash (Niggaz think they gonna get some ass) No money money no licky licky -- fuck the dicky dicky and the quickie, gimme your loot Your Mac-11 then shoot Your game ain't sweet, John Paul peeps shouldn't compete, if you can't wet it, forget it Don't sweat it, I bet it'd make ya cum smooth if you let it Huh, you can't stop a bitch from ballin Ha-ha to la-la to drive-by's they be callin, and you ain't know While you be kickin that old shit (talk to me) we makin hits Platinum and gold shit (we don't stop) I stay draped in diamonds and pearls Beside every man is a Bad Girl (That's right... nine-six Bad Boy c'mon) Chorus to end, broken down by four line groups   1st group: w/o B.I.G   2nd group: w/o B.I.G.   3rd group: B.I.G. sample #1 twice   4th group: B.I.G. sample #2 twice + voiceover     Spread love, c'mon   5th group: B.I.G. sample #1 twice   6th group: B.I.G. sample #2 twice   7th group: w/o B.I.G. + voiceover     As we proceed, to give you what you need!     We continue on!   8th group: w/o B.I.G. + voiceover     Uh-uh, uh-uh, c'mon!     Hahah   (fades into 9th group) Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Lil' Cease, Puff Daddy Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: Off the Wall Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Lil' Cease] Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Puffy] (Kim) Queen Bee, Bad Boy baby (Uh, uh, uh) Let's go! [Lil' Kim] Ah! Ready or not here I come I'm a Bentley y'all something like a Hyundai Wear more skins than Crocodile Dundee Tasty like a sundae (Take that!) (Mmm-da-da) Eat it like a Kit Kat Forge a climax, replay back Lil' Kim records hit the streets DJ's wanna spend that back like Me and Lil' Cease is the real tag-team While most of y'all broads is just drag queens It's gonna take years before you match our cream And only in your dreams can you see what we see [Lil' Cease] Now lend me your ear, listen closely I wear these jewels like a rosary This is how the rap game is supposed to be One king, one queen things supposed to be Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Lil' Kim] Niggas lean left Bitches lean right Come on, you gotta ride 'em baby Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do It's the years 2G, things about to change Trade in that Range, get a motherfuckin' plane Your girl is lame, huh what? Want a bitch like me what, huh? If it's diamonds you want Baby I got 'em Money in a briefcase Who needs a wallet? Be a pigeon nigga you sound retarded I'm the girl with more green than St. Patrick's Day A house by the bay so what do you say? Me and you, nigga like running Roulette The game is strip poker, is you ready to play? Make it last all night and I'm ready to stay Put your money and your jewels up one at time And if you lose this game all this shit is mine What you got? Full house, triple ace and two kings Royal flush beats ten jack, here give me I win give it up! [Lil' Cease] Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Lil' Kim] (Puffy) Niggas lean left Bitches lean right Come on, you gotta ride 'em baby Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do When it comes to status call me Dr. Ruth I ain't a prostitute I just speak the truth Dicks I like 'em fat like a pickle Hard like nickel, juicy like a Popsicle Niggas mention me for a sexual reference Lil Kim's everybody's sexual preference A bitch like me gives it on the first date Why hesitate? I ain't got time to wait! Cause uh y'all know how I get down (How you get down?) Niggas from the East know how I get down (That's right!) Cats from the West know how I get down (West Side!) From the North to South say can you get down! [Lil' Cease] Now lend me your ear, listen closely I wear these jewels like a rosary This is how the rap game is supposed to be One king, one queen things supposed to be Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now get your back up off the wall Dance come on Now do it! [Lil' Kim] Niggas lean left Bitches lean right Come on, you gotta ride 'em baby Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do-do Mmm-da-da, mmm-do [Puff Daddy] Queen Bee, 2000 Get your backs up off the wall Dance come on Dance come on yeah Dance come on Notorious K.I.M. J.M. come on B.I.G. come on forever come on (Just dance) Come on (Just dance) Come on (Just dance) I see you come on yeah Come on Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy Album: The Notorious K.I.M. Song: Queen Bitch Pt. II Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@Hotmail.com [Puff Daddy] Yeah, uh Yeah, uh-uh, uh-uh Beotch! Come on, yeah Uh, uh He-he y'all ain't ready Come on now, turn me up a little bit Every thing you heard Yo that's my word You play the herd And repeat every word It get on your nerves To see how we swerve Watches that shine Dimes with his and her furs Straight from the curb To the suburb In the black suburb Plucking birds, getting served Y'all ain't never learned How this world turn Thought it was over, huh Now we returned! To whom it may concern When you're hot you burn Maybe it wasn't meant to be Or it just ain't your turn The rules also stern Nigga get what you earn And we still move in silence Nigga ya heard? [Lil' Kim] Y'all know who y'all are Wanna battle? Better call an end to all that shit You legit? Spit a bar What? See I won the show Got the illest flow Finding loads of bank rolls in my underclothes It's the original And everybody know I rock diamonds that's red, white and indigo I'm undroppable, untoppable You can't hold me down Don't you know I'm unstoppable Niggas wanna run up in my pussy like a Pap smear I'mma tell you know, just like I told you last year Niggas ain't stickin' unless they lick the kitten, huh Too many bitches just be licking the dick and And I'm a picky one I like my dicks rock hard Not the sticky ones that taste like slaw Oh something missing The shower pissing All up in your mouth What? You think I'm kidding? Cause everything we do (That's right) We got a right to (Come on) You criticize me we despise you If what they say is true We the baddest crew I'm far from broke So why should I be mad at you? [Notorious BIG] (Puff Daddy) Uh, uh Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (Beotch!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (Beotch!) [Lil' Kim] (Puffy) You must be out your mind Or you must be high Fucking with the Teflon bitch from the Sty No where near shy see I make you cry The way I rock you to sleep like a lullaby (Oh yeah and by the way) (You got one more day) (All you got to pay boo you got something to say) Yeah bring it on bitch You ain't strong bitch Thought you'd be around long Wrong bitch Got nothing but love (But when push comes to shove) We turn to thugs (And we put on them gloves) Commence to licking slugs You ain't giving up More bags zipping up Fake thug, nigga what? [Notorious BIG] (Puff Daddy) Uh, uh Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these weak emcee's With these supreme baller like Lyrics I call 'em like I see 'em g Y'all niggas sound like me (BEOTCH!) Pardon my French but uh (All hail the king and queen) Sometimes I get kind of Peeved at these week emcee's (2000 baby, Bad Boy) You niggas got some audacity You sold a million now you're half of me Get off my dick, kick it bitch (BEOTCH!) (Rock on and on and on) Artist: Lil' Kim f/ Puff Daddy Album: Notorious K.I.M. Song: You Can't Win Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com * * for verification mail this author or janis@betatesters.com [Puff Daddy] Ladies and gentleman (Come on throw your hands in the air like this one time) One-two, this thing on right here (We ain't gonna stop) Can y'all hear me out there? (And we want every one in this motherfucker to get out their seat) Ladies and gentleman without further adieu (It's our time) I'd like to introduce to you, my bitch [Lil' Kim] Fuck that, bitches don't deserve to rap I'm back, and I'm about to murder cats Trying to take my crown, I ain't letting that go down I cop the four pound and go the whole twelve rounds, yeah You broke hoes need to throw in the towel Life's a wheel of fortune and y'all can't buy a vowel Who me? That's none of your concern Like ashes in the urn, more money to burn Damn my ass is firm, stay away from germs Pussy flawless, get wetted in worms If you only knew like Aaliyah How your man be hawking me and stalking me When he fucking you he see me Every crack valve or record he sell I get a piecey Easy, believe me, my words is credible Ask Nat Cole huh, I'm unforgettable Don't let the QB get a hold of your guy Sex him well, get him high, he might fuck around and die 1 - [Lil' Kim]   I guess you know by now who's number one   Brooklyn, Brooklyn that's where I'm from   (Number one)   So if you got beef better think again   (Number one)   Cause you can't win   (You can't win) Repeat 1 Your so called vendetta was light like birds' feathers Even with an umbrella, you can't stop my hurricane I moved on to bigger and better things Y'all still making minimum wage First on stage, like the ever I graze Leave you amazed And keep the fifth by the rib cage All you jealous ass holes is rebellious ass holes Still trying to recoup from the first album ass holes You's a gangster, prove it Wanna shoot me, do it That's word than Jerry McGuire I'll set that ass on fire That's how you work with barbed wire Carve my name in your face Pour gas-o-line on you and drop you at the gas station Y'all chicks ain't blind, I shine like polyeurotheme Cocoa butter crme That's the gleam of drugs baby like codeine Low self esteem, eh-eh, the flows excellent Your's is satisfactory return them to the factory I mean practically, the shit is whack for me Mama bear, finally out of hibernating Here to tell you chicks to stop tailgating Repeat 1 (2x) [Lil' Kim] It's the B-I-G-M-A-M-A Often tipsy, cabin in Percipsy I've been in this shit since Biz hit the, one-two Nothing left to do Move it in there, cathedral ceilings Don't come to my house, it might hurt your feelings P Diddy introduced me to the business side Fired me a few mill and a couple of oil spills That's how we do it, you chicks is no thrill Doin' it Flinstones style, car with no wheels Still on tricycles, riding bicycles Our diamonds be so white they look like icicles I'm getting sick and tired of hearing all these rough drafts On the countdown, don't make me laugh Got my own company, I'm chief of the staff They say we twins then I'm the better half I'm nasty worse than Howard Stern This court is adjourned And now it's your turn bitch Repeat 1 (2x) [Puff Daddy] Can you feel me? I just wanna know if y'all can feel me I just wanna know if y'all can feel me out there It's not a game, we're back And this time we're not going anywhere Number one, that's my bitch Recognize! Ya feel me? Yeah, yeah, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ P. Diddy, Trina Album: Loon Song: Do What You Like Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*Female voice: harmonizing*) [Intro - P. Diddy - talking] + (Loon) + [Female voice] [Ha ha], yeah, c'mon [ha ha] Yeah, c'mon [ha ha] (Uh yeah), (*laughing*) C'mon, yeah, c'mon [*Female voice: "ha ha" is continued throughout*] [Verse 1 - Loon] + (P. Diddy) Haha haha ha, check out the bazaar Chicks stay showin me love like "muahh" Bad Boys are (that's right), quarter million car (yeah) Loon done caked up, you rollin with a star (that's right) A rich kid, that tote the biscuit (uh, c'mon) With European chicks on my way to the district (yeah) Witness I went from misfit, to givin away gifts to kids on Christmas (let's go) "What you a thug", never that you wrong (what? uh uh) The smoothest gangsta to ever make a song (that's right) Won't take long (uh), that's why my cake long And through all the pain, I remain to stay strong (uh huh) Most dudes but get they save-ons (what?) See the nigga Loon, wanna get they blaze on (that's right) Play on, get tapped like sagon (uh) Cause nigga Loon been a Bad Boy since day one (yeah, let's go) [Chorus - Trina] + (P. Diddy) - w/ ad libs I just wanna roll with you daddy (do what you like) Serious, can I go with you daddy (do what you like) I just wanna be a bad girl (do what you like) I just wanna make ya toes curl (do what you like) Now can my friends come with me (do what you like) You know Monica and Nikki (do what you like) I just wanna be on ya team (do what you like) I just wanna make you scream (do what you like) [Verse 2 - Loon] + (P. Diddy) Yo I testify, I can't lie I respect ya mental But it's not that detrimental (that's right) Sex is simple (c'mon) and Loon get enough of it (that's right) Chicks I hit leave my room and be lovin it (*laughing*) Dro keep puffin it (yeah), got chicks that Puff'll hit So sit back, realize who you fuckin with (that's right) A true player, mack nigga with mood (c'mon) Loon been gettin stacks way back since the ruler (woo) Rick the ruler (yeah), ice game was cooler (uh) Caked up before "Jacob was the jeweler" (*laughing*, yeah) Ma these other dudes'll fool ya Have you in back seat, givin nigga medulla What you need is a old schooler That'll show you the game, like Don Shula (fo sho) Young Marcus, young, pretty and heartless (I see you) Niggaz could talk shit, I run with Diddy regardless (that's right) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Loon] + (P. Diddy) Yo what's the word, Loon lookin for bird (uh) Just heard the words, I'm comin 'round the curb (woo) It's absurb, this nigga draggin the fur (yeah) And on top of that, "yo who the fuck is her?" (who that) Bodacious, type make sexy faces (c'mon), plus likes sexy places (uh uh) Kinky spots, like a bikini to pop (yeah) Rough sex, make it steamy and hot (ha ha) I can't lie, Bad Boy be ballin (that's right) Rollin with this shit, dog they keep callin (keep callin) What's wrong with that, nigga you got a jack Every five minutes flat, ringin off the rack (*phone ringing noise*) You sling crack?, nah nigga I rap (never) Been eight years since a nigga done did that (c'mon) Oh thats phat, and I appreciate that But you worst then them hoes dog, so please fall back [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - P. Diddy - talking] Do what you like You can do whatever you wanna do girl It's alright with me, yeah (*fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ Mario Winans, P. Diddy Album: Loon Song: Down for Me Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] [Mario] Oh yeah, oh yeah [Diddy] It's your turn now kid [Mario] Oh yeah [Diddy] Bad Boy [Chorus - Mario Winans] I want a woman that's down for me I want her there to take care of my body (Puff: Loon) I want a woman that'll wash my hair Someone who's always there I want a woman that'll show me things Someone to fulfill my dreams Settle down wit be my queen She's the only one for me [Verse 1 - Loon] Yo, Ebony complexion, came in my direction Eyes made connection, body was perfection And got a smile that will light your life up She make a thug, put the guns and knife up Definitely the type of chick you wife up Tennis skirts and Niked up, throwin the bike up Eleven hundred Ducatti, ain't as fine as her body Don't believe me, should have been at the party You can tell whether not was her hobby The way niggaz act, you would think J.Lo in the lobby Or, maybe Beyonce, maybe Ashanti The way I feel ma, I need a fianc The type of love that will last forever Not a chick that's around just for half my cheddar Wanna play wanna laugh together, even flash together And girl you can get the cash whenever (Puff: Sing the song) [Chorus] + (w/ Loon ad-libs) [Verse 2 - Loon] When it comes to sex, I'm similar, to the Thriller In Manilla, they call me Young Marcus I'm heartless But baby girl I'm on a whole 'nother plateau After I taste you, I'll hit from the back slow ...You can get it from the back mo' ...Until you hit a nigga back whoa! It was a fight tonight I'm going out like mike tonight, I might bite tonight You got a right to like Whatever you want, tonight's the night, we gon' be right tonight Bottles on ice tonight Teddy P., Barry White tonight (Puff: Keep going) Cause I adore you, and that's the reason why I spoil you Foot massage body rub with the oil I knew I wanted you first minute I saw you And I was lucky to find a woman that's loyal (Puff: Let's go) [Chorus] + (w/ Loon ad-libs) [Verse 3 - Loon] Ayo, the things that you showed me, the way you consoled me The way that you used to hold me might have mold me To the man that you see in the flesh I promise you, I could never be like the rest Treat you like my moms, as far as the way that I love her Feelings I'm feel inside, like the day that I hugged her Open up the door, I help her out with the bags Car get dirty, I help her out the Jag Folks get flirty, I help em out with the mag I ain't lyin', I'm in love wit you bad Cause you something I never had, something I wanna lose Something I gotta have, it's nothing for me to choose But still I hope that I love get perfected Even though on the low it get hectic Feelings we share, don't need no correction Let me be your angel and I'll be your protection (Puff: Mario talk to em) [Mario Winans] Girl won't you take my hand (ohh) I'll help you understand (oh baby) This could be love (oh yea) Ohh this feels like love to me That's why you need to know (to know) Oh please don't let this go (don't go) I need your love (ohh) oh (ohh) Girl give your love to me [Outro - Mario Winans] I want you baby, I need you lady I love you baby, sweet sexy lady I want you baby, I need you lady Oh come to me, come to come to me [P. Diddy] Bad Boy, baby And another one Loon, it's your turn now kid The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ P. Diddy Album: Loon Song: Friday Night Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Chorus - P. Diddy] Friday night everybody was drinkin And the house was screamin And the bass was kickin And it won't be long 'til everybody knowin That Loon was on the beatbox goin Loon was on the beatbox goin Loon was on the beatbox goin, goin, goin (goin, goin, goin, goin) (*"hey and "cha nana" are repeated throughout the song*) [Break - Loon - talking] - w/ ad libs (AHH!), uh, yeah, c'mon, uh, uh, yeah, c'mon ... c'mon (P. Diddy: I like this right here) Uh, bring me in close, yeah (P. Diddy: ready? ready?) Uh, uh, check it out, Bad Boy (P. Diddy: tell 'em, talk to 'em) [Verse 1 - Loon] + (P. Diddy) Now it was me, P-D and three beautiful ladies (uh) He was in the Ferrari, I was pushin Mercedes (yeah) Blowin 'dro, you know, vision was hazy (haha) To the point where I'm thinkin havin a baby (c'mon) Now shorty lookin a nigga like he was crazy Not my fault way shorty body amaze me (uh uh) Swoll up, now ma what's the hold up (c'mon) She never imagine me and Diddy would roll up (we here) We showed up, drunk and 'droed up (haha, yeah) Stunk and mold up, two Coupes and four trucks (that's right) Wrist is glowed up, got chicks that sold up (c'mon, uh) You know cats with chips, my clique got more bucks (that's right) Oh shucks, she start gettin the picture Three the hard way, menage with her sister (haha) Started off in the lobby when I kissed her (let's go) As far as Diddy, he probably already twist her (that's right) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 2 - Loon] + (P. Diddy) Now back to B, I gots to be fly Blowin O for B, I pack the seed I-3 28 is a fact in V-I-P You can see how it be when we by (let's go) Bottles of Dom, keep a model a arm (c'mon) Might lose lot of my charm, when the dollars involved (that's right) Beef evolve, I need everybody be calm (c'mon) Heat involved, I squeeze, do you bodily harm (don't do that) Moved to safe cause I moved that way (yeah) I'm not no fool, I never put them tools away I'm not that cool, blow one of you dudes away (uh uh, yeah) If a nigga choose to move that way, but let's play (let's go) Hey, I'm on a mission to fishin what nigga wishin (what?) To make a hit, but I'm hittin while niggaz missin (don't stop) I get malicious and bitches are never switchin (let's go) Never run into kissin, I'm far from a politician (yeah) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs (*starts with "Was a"*) [Verse 3 - Loon] + (P. Diddy) Now Loon rock the party and Loon got the hottie (yeah, uh huh) The one that got the body, is sippin a lotta Bacardi (let's go) Thank God, nigga ain't have to pop nobody (thank God) Straight rock your body cause that will shock the party (a ha) But before I leave and DJ stop the party (yeah) I've ordered a hundred shots, to woman drop your body (c'mon) Even though shorty hot, kinda like a hot tamale (yeah) Gotta play my position but not to knock nobody But I gotta leave this here spot with shorty Even if nigga go out his way and drop like forty (yeah) Nigga Loon is a freak but I'm really not that naughty (uh uh) Niggaz hopin and wishin but Loon on top of shorty (c'mon) Ham and cheese, I'm the man that please (yeah) Like 27 degrees and some brand new skies (let's go) Girlfriend please, you gon' need some brand new knees (please, that's right) When I haul off and hand you these (what?) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs until fade (*starts with "Was a"*) [Outro - P. Diddy - talking over Chorus and until fade] (*laughing*), yeah, c'mon Let's go, that's right That's right, Loon, yeah Cha nana Bad Boy baby ... 2003 Baton has been passed I see you Loon, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Loon Song: Hey Woo Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com * *send corrections to the typist [Intro - Missy Elliott - talking] Oh (what you got player) Oh (ah, uh) Oh (ah, uh huh) Hey yo Loon Yo, when these chicks see a nigga with some hot shit I'ma help yo ass out on what a bitch think when a nigga got some cheddar Girls be like (A LOON)! Take that, get money, cars, player That's that act innocent get his credit card for his info (ah) For her and some friends You need to be careful playboy You fine as shit, but um These chicks got game like Michael Jordon, okay Pump the cheap talk, I'ma just let the beat knock What you got [Verse 1 - Loon] Yeah I see you girl, why you lookin at me And why your man in the club lookin trigger happy It's a shame you don't hear me though And I'm far from a lame, I'ma gigolo I get paid just to spit the flow And I can't even explain when I get at yo You know how long I've been gettin dough? Used to rock full length mink with the finger low (okay) Yep that's my forte, and chicks know Loon best at foreplay I get hugs and kisses all day, trips to Norway, sip Crisses all day (woo) Plus wrists be all gray, plus five speed shiftin all day And my mind is right, if you ain't about no money, better find a life, aight [Chorus - Missy Elliott] - w/ ad libs (Hey Woo) Boy that's what them hoes say When they tell that money in your pocket, okay (Hey Woo) They be like (woo) Credit cards and calls they go (Hey Loon) (Woo) Baby that's what them chicks say When they see a superstar ridin in the fast lane (Woo) They be like (woo) Now who that there? (Female voice: Oh girl, that's Loon) [Verse 2 - Loon] Uh, check it out yo, check it out now Why's you all on me, friends is all on me Pissy drunks spillin alcohol on me Tried to split but the chick keep callin me Cause I be everything a baller be Please believe me, my team is cheesy Please be easy, me and Pee Wee easily Like 'em red bone, short and sleezy Get my second cup, start talkin greezy We come consistent, young, relentless No resistance, girls run from distance When we come through, pimp hard like Michigan And sip Dom, wrists armed, we glistenin This chick on, this Dom, got Mrs. and They silk on, that non new trenches and High heel stilettos, I feel so ghetto But switch to soft, couldn't get them off me [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - P. Diddy] Hey yo, can I get some of this playboy They call me Diddy Yo when I come in the club I go hard All black shapar, girls all on me like German shapar Latest fashion from Hermain and tar When the hell you gon' learn I'ma star? P.D. back up for par Dolce jar Girls and Bob dog, what's up with the bar Midori forty-five degrees with cigar (uh huh) V.I.P., B.I.G. here we are (that's right) Bad Boy maxim with all of our splendor Got some real shit for all y'all pretenders Harlem heartthrob that's shock when it's slender Flow like August, with arms like December Twelve years playboy got more to remember Been bounce back since that fall on a ninja Ladies wanna see me fall and just timber Bad Boy go home, what y'all don't remember [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Outro - Missy Elliott - talking] C'mon Okay, you found me player You know where I'm comin from (Hey Woo) Haha, you got that paper nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon Album: Loon Song: Relax Your Mind Typed by: LiLMiSsMaKaVeLi@hotmail.com P. Diddy] Come on, a come on now [Loon] This is what they wanna hear right here [P. Diddy] Come on, a come on now [Loon] This is what they wanna hear right here [P. Diddy] Come on, a come on now [Loon] This is what they wanna hear right here [Chorus - Loon] Yo, relax your mind, let your conscious free Your now rollin with the sounds of the B-A-D B-O-Y, niggaz don't be that fly Niggaz don't see sun and we those guys [Loon] Check it out, cause I been stackin dough Been mackin hos, nigga Loon a pimp go ask the hos Nigga you's a simp, cause your smack the hos (yeah) And lose your temper like John McEnroe Me, I'm cool I keep my jewels intact (c'mon) Loon ain't type of dude that'll move like that (that's right) Don't compare me to no boozy cat Cause Loon'll call them dudes, come use them gats Remember the time when I didn't use to rap You know me, O.G., O.T. movin past As far as the street, I already proved that fact Not to be rude, but I ain't in the mood for that Movin on to bigger songs, bigger things Use my arm for bigger charms, bigger rings Usually calm, but when it's on, nigga trained To drop the bomb, word to my mom Ya'll niggaz playin [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Yeah, Bad Boy Yeah, come on now [Loon] Now what's your forte, chicks they all say That they want a nigga, sip Cris' all day This be all great, merely kiss for foreplay When I slip and slide with this chick from Norway Whips I push, make the bitch's jaw sway Then I hit they bush, leave 'em drippin all day Then I get like Bush, when I flip the war play Fuck the horse play, hot sex in hallways Pick your spot now, got you hot now Since you locked down, roof put the top down I know you eager to leave this hot town Know how you feel we can leave or not now First you was fiendin, but screamin stop now Walls got knocked down, when I laid my cock down Spendin my cheese while you breathin shop round I can't believe that you screamin cop now [Loon] Yo, in one year I gave you bastards, two classics Between me, Puff and Usher it was too drastic Between me, Puff and Gin was true magic (yeah you remember her) Cause everybody +Needed a Girl+ but who asked em You was scured, basically you wasn't prepared To gettin murried and havin a couple of chirls I'm a grown man nigga, I ain't never concerned About how nice your ice, or the money you earn I'm the slim guy, spend years reppin N.Y So you just start pullin on blunts, I've been high You just start visitin spots, I've been by And the hell with a throwback nigga, I've been fly [P. Diddy] Come on now [Loon] Definitely real, spend time in Beverly Hills Been gettin money since Tiffany Mills I've got a debt to fulfill Front, I'm a definitely kill I might peel wole left of your grill With no mercy, niggaz don't know I'm so thirsty Sticks and stones break bones but don't hurt me Niggaz wanna clap they chrome but won't murk me Niggaz keep frontin like Loon won't get dirty [Chorus - 2X] [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Relax your mind Yeah, what's the name Bad Boy Yeah, let's go yeah, c'mon Bad Boy baby, yeah [P. Diddy - talking] One God, one love, one family Bad Boy, they ain't never seen nothin like this I see you Loon [echo] Come on, come on now I don't think they heard you Tell 'em one more time [Chorus - 2X] [P. Diddy - talking behind Chorus] Yeah, what's the name Bad Boy, YEAH Relax your mind Bad Boy baby, and we don't stop [P. Diddy - talking] Cause we can't stop And we won't stop cause we can't stop Ya'll remember that Yeah it's still there, it's still there Ten years later . Your our future Loon, let's go boy Let's go, yeah, let's go This goes out to Harlem I see you Harlem, that's where we from The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Black Rob, DMX, The Lox, Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: 24 Hours To Live Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com [Puff Daddy] I want you to ask yourself one question If you had twenty four hours to live, what would you do?  That's some deep shit right there, a lot of pressure How would you handle it? Mase, what would you do? [Mase] Yo, I'd turn out all the hoes that's heterosexual Smack conceited niggas right off the pedestal I'd even look for my dad that I never knew And show him how I look in my Beretta, too I'd do good shit like take kids from the ghetto Show them what they could have if they never settle Take every white kid from high class level Show 'em what Christmas like growin' up in the ghetto Teach niggas how to spend, stack the rest Give blunts to the niggas under massive stress Give every bum on the street cash to invest And hope Harlem will blow up be my last request [Jadakiss] Yo, yo if I had twenty four hours to kick the bucket, fuck it I'd probably eat some fried chicken and drink a Nantucket Then go get a jar from Branson And make sure I leave my mother the money to take care of grandson Load the three power, hop in the Eddie Bauer And go give all six to that papi that sold me flour Get a fresh baldy, make a few calls Shop at the mall, shoot a lil' ball Have all of my bitches on one telly at the same time Spread it out on different floors And I'm gon' play lotto, for what? Even though I ain't gon' be here tomorrow, so what [Black Rob] You know when I was close to the ledge I'd probably be in the wedge With this bare spanish mami playin' 'tween my legs Then I'm off to get choke and smoke one a them dreads And get that bitch from '89 that gave us up to the feds Thought of momma, wrote her a note, we ain't close I hate her boyfriend so I put one in his throat Fuck around and sniff an ounce of raw, bust the four Fours, pull out my dick and take a piss on the floor Jump in the whip, git them cats I wanted to git Since the Tavern on the Green robbery in eighty-six Went home took a shower in nice cold water And spent my last hours wit my son and my daughter 1 - 	If you had twenty four hours to live just think 	Where would you go? 	What would you do? 	Who would you screw? 	And who would you wanna notify? 	Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die? 	If you had twenty four hours to live just think 	Where would you go? 	What would you do? 	Who would you screw? 	And who would you wanna notify? 	Or would yo' ass deny that yo' ass about to die? [Sheek] What hey yo, if I had twenty four nigga gotta get the raw Run all them papi's spot, put one in his head at the door For the times that I paid for twenty an he gave me twelve The other eight had to be baking soda by itself So papi fuck you, you dead now, I'm off to the bank With those bricks in a bookbag and a stolen Jag I just grabbed Went in there grabbed the bank teller wit the pretty face Fuck her in the safe, and have her take me to my place We'll make a kid but that's selfish and that'll be bad For my son to have the same shit his pops just had And when I'm down to twenty three, I'm a be strapped wit TNT Run up in city hall and take the judges wit me [Styles] If I had twenty four hours to live, I'd probably die on the fifth Run in the station squeezin the inf' I'll be waitin' to get to hell and bust down Satan Styles' on this shit and I got spot vacant Back to the twenty four I make it out the precinct Shootin niggas that I hate in they face while they eatin' I'm on the job robbin' every so-called Don Give the money to my moms and tell her that I'm gone I would school my little brother that niggas mean him harm He should learn to tell the future without readin' palms When they come in with the bullets, you prepared with the bomb So fuck bein' violent get stocks and bonds [DMX] Twenty four left until my death So I'm gon' waste alot of lives, but I'll cherish every breath I know exactly where I'm goin', but I'mma send you there first And with the shit that I'll be doin', I'mma send you there worse I've been livin' with a curse, and now it's all about to end But before I go, say hello to my little friend But I gots to make it right, reconcile with my mother Try to explain to my son, tell my girl I love her C-4 up under the coat, snatch up my dog Turn like three buildings on Wall Street, into a fog Out with a bang, you will remember my name I wanted to live forever, but this wasn't fame Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ma$e f/ P. Diddy Album: Welcome Back Song: Breathe, Stretch, Shake Typed by: Qbraid@aol.com [Intro] Uh This is what I sound like after 5 years (You back kid) Why do I feel I still got the flow (You back kid, Bad Boy for real, Let's go) [Verse 1] Before 99 I was born again 5 years later and I'm on again Man I think I'm born to win Mase broke, that's a oxy moron Forget a bus, I bought a drop to tour on G-4's What I soar on, uh You thinkin I ain't hot you so wrong Sorry for the prolong But now life goes on Long list of hits and it goes on I wake up, and I don't even feel like a star And man I'm getting a million a bar Indeed I need not take no lie Man, ya'll gone make me cry It's kinda eerie when you hear me Ya hairs stand up Been a change of plan Rip your old plan up Instead of hatin Help me lift the big man up (As we proceed...come on....yeah) [Hook] Awake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Wake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' (Betha I love this one...endeavor, for real, Bad Boy) Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go [Verse 2] Some days I make thousands Some days I make millions Spend my day chillin Coupe's with suede ceilings Everybody out there wanna know what Mase got Way hot gray drop Maybach gray yacht (Whoooo) And that's just the way it be Favor, people wanna pay for me When I'm in Mr. Chows, they waive the fee And I don't chase money man Money chase me I give my wife things that she dream and more I give a little bit, and she fiend for more (lets go) I'm back like Moses to bring the law (Come on) Brand new saint Mase in mean velour I had bling before you ever seen the tour Fans from Iran and Singapore And grown men beg me to bring them on tour Even if it mean they gotta sleep on the floor (Let's Go!!) [Hook] Awake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Wake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' (This for real, Bad Boy) Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go [Verse 3] I used to be the guy stood next to Diddy Crucified for bringin sex in the city Even though the girls think I'm extra pretty How I know? I ain't got no extra wit me, oh With the fist tight flow Wit a wrist like whoa What if this might blow Ain't no if I... know I'm the man to plan the way This ain't my life I've become a saved (Say what) Put up a good fight Like its mandalay Hate the game, but it made a man a man Gone for a while, its like I ran away God tI'me now, and I don't plan to play I'm only here for the one thing you lack And make dj's scratch is he is he back Kids in the hood stutter it's a it's a fact It's the kid resurrected it's a it's a wrap (As we proceed, to give you what you need, he's back) [Hook] Awake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go (I wanna see yall out there) Wake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' (Let's work this, let's work now) Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Wake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' (Let's work, Turn the lights on somebody) Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go (Let's work) Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go (Let's work) Wake these people up and show them they keep dreamin' (hahahaha...I like this right here, I like this right here) Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go Breathe Stretch Shake, Let it Go (For real, Bad Boy) (AHHHH!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Puffy Album: Double Up Song: Do it Again Typed by: janis@betatesters.com, d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Puff] Yeah, yeah yeah Uh huh I'm gonna do it again And again and again and again And again and again and again Won't stop, it can't stop Won't stop, can't stop [Mase] Double Up, Bad Boy Double Up, H-world, it's not a game You know, no matter where you go There's no duo that you know Get loot though, and still love the chulo's We talk more spinnin' girls our coolo Than any other members and you're part of my new dough [Puff] Get where mad cats live and pray I don't like where I'm at? Call a Lear, get away [Mase] Y'all lay away, I pay and get today (Uh huh) Things you save for, I probably give away (Yeah) [Puff] And with Puff? Who woulda think Plain Jesus piece, diamond Cuban Link Salvation Army when I'm through with the mink I buy the whole bar, my crew don't even drink  (Don't even drink) [Mase] We do sets behind the 'neck That's my Denale right behind the Lex Like girls that find their sex get all kinda respect When I'm 40, I'mma get all kinda checks 1 - 	[Puff] 	You want us do it again? (Yeah) 	Cuz we can do it again (Uh huh) 	You want us do it again?  	All you gotta say is do it again (Do it again) 	You want us do it again? (Yeah) 	Cuz we can do it again (Uh huh) 	You want us do it again? 	All you gotta say is do it again (Do it again) [Puff] Spend big, you spend a little So I take what's big and you take what's little I bring a full stage straight up the middle Girl too tight? Break the middle Now, why be the illest if your money ain't the realist? Mad cats hate on me, mad girls feel it Cut a chick off, let Mase mess wit' her Pre-nup these girls so I'm never stuck wit' her Wanna coup our group nine eight car Doin' 20 in a Bentley even wit' out a radar You minor, I'm major, I don't play par I'm a shining pay star with diamonds from Quasar Peep all your script, I don't wanna pay y'all Let me tear wit' my kids, it's what your days are How the f you duck infrared laser So my sympathy goes out to the lady that made y'all, yeah Repeat 1 [Mase] Yo, marchin' around the world and met no man That had ice like Frosty the Snowman And though my name Mase, what does it mean? Dolla sign, no matter what I do, make C.R.E.A.M. Out of famine steak greens, Miller A-teams And grew up pretty cuz my pop got great genes I hold it down now that B.I.G. gone I hit butt naked and then keep my kicks on I don't get my Cris on, I throw a brick on some young bad chick That lolly probably flipped on You better get goin', you wanna live long Can't nobody protect me like my tres cinco siete If you front, you'll just read about it next day I'm that cat you know you got killer respect Stay out my way if you're feelin' my threat You'll know it's real when you face feel a Gillette And I come through the club with your deal on my neck, come on All Out All Out, Bad Boy What All Out, All Out Let's go Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: Do You Wanna Get $? Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com [Mase]  Uh, uh, come on, uh  It be the same cats that wouldn't listen to my demo  Now I want they ass in my limo cuz now I'm a sex symbol  Intercontinental, L.A. airplay, just like Jay Leno  Now all the labels out wanna send a memo  To do a remix ya'll, but Mase say N-O  Figure once I make it, they'll fake it  And ain't nobody show me love when I was naked  And when he threw my tape in the trash, I laughed  Now a nigga' tape on blast, I laugh  Figure as days pass, make more cash  And I push everything from E to H-class  Four years ago couldn't go to a show  I was standin' on the corner sellin' dope for dough  Now I no longer hope I'll blow, smoke my droll  On a yacht, nigga fuck a boat that row  1 - 	With all this money that we can make,  	Why ya'll cats wanna playa hate?  	Do you wanna get money with us, do you wanna? 	Do you wanna get money with us, do you wanna?  	With all this money that we can make  	Why ya'll cats wanna playa hate?  	Do you wanna get money with us, do you wanna?  	Do you wanna get money with us, do you wanna?  [Mase]  Yo, the reality of it all, everybody can't ball  If you had currency, you wouldn't be worryin' 'bout me  But see, I could go the whole summer, gold Hummer  But I'd rather go Lex bubble, cuz it's less trouble  Make my dough and I just stack, no investment  I live off just that  Money, hoes, and clothes, and shit that I'm best at  But I'm a Bad Boy so you gotta expect that  Why do what most do? Do what you 'possed to  Make hot jams ya'll, sell bicoastal  If you want a hit you can let me coach you  Money back on anything that got my vocals  This is so true, I do what pros do,  Cuz broke ain't a state that I'm tryin' to go through  Dealers give me credit any place I go to  Drive out in the Benz say "Let Mase owe you'" Repeat 1 [Mase]  See, the moral of the story is  I'm not here to replace Notorious  I'm just a young cat tryin' to do his thing  Harlem World style, pursue my dream, cuz see  The things that went 3 mil, I didn't even like that  You say you got mad hoes, well we'll see tonight Mase be the cat that'll lead you to the light  Messin' with me shorty, you'll be a-ight  Stop listen' to all them cats on the block  That tellin' you that Mase don't rock  Cuz Mase is hot and Mase got a drop and a yacht and a big knot To move you and your moms off the block  For real though, Mase got real dough That be in briefcases cats kill fo'  And since you can't beat us, it's best you join us  Cuz I know you won't have this hold that's on us  Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ 112, Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: Jealous Guy Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Mase] You know, there's a lot of jealous guys in this town And many other towns I go to, (ah yeah) But I'm afraid right now I'm so hurt I'mma need 112 and Puff, to help me explain how I feel So come on fellas, help me out 	[112] 1 - 	Ladies 	There's some jealous guys in our town, oh baby    	Ladies 	There's some jealous guys in our town, oh baby    [Mase] Well, well, well Now would you be mad if I gave back your girl Or would it still be a problem with the entire Harlem World At first you were singing that she was your ex But you was ready to kill me when you found out we had sex When I came and told you the deal You wouldn't admit how you feel Now you know your girl love me Why can't you just let it be (just let it be) Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Puff] I go by the name Puff Daddy And I'm a Scorpio, check this out Girl I really hope you find a new lover Cuz Mase can't take no more of you fuckin' him and his brotha, ut uh And girl what make you think you could do what you do And think that we'll be standing here fighting over you, come on When I came and told him the deal He wouldn't admit how he feel Now he know his girl love me Why can't he just let it be (just let it be) Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Puff Daddy] As I said before, I go by the name of Puffy Daddy And I'm a Scorpio and I'm not a jealous guy Come on sing for me Mase Repeat 1 Repeat 1 [Mase] You see if we had more pimps, it wouldn't be no jealous guys See me, I live by the four pimp rules Number one, you control the situation You get in they head before you get in they bed And number two, girls run like buses, you may miss one Catch another one every hour on the hour, promptly And number three, what that girl ain't willin' to do You got a hundred more girls more than willin' And number four, is a new rule to the new pimp testament You can't be a playa and hate the playas That don't make no sense I don't wanna see no more jealous guys at the end of this song ya'll I really don't wanna see no more jealous guys after this song ya'll So can ya'll sing along with me I mean put your hands together, sing along ya'll , sing along everybody Repeat 1 until fade while: [Mase] I just really wanna come and let you know Girl you just got to let them go  Cuz there jealous guys, jealous guys, in our town And it's gonna show ,love is gonna show It's gonna show, oh baby it's gonna show, oh oh It's gonna show, it's gon', it's gon', it's gonna show And you is a jealous guy in our town In our town, in our town oh baby, oh yeah, uh oh, uh oh, uh oh Well, well, well, well, well, well Well, well, well, well, well Where do you go when there's jealous guys in our town [Puff Daddy] Now that's the end of our discussion To all the player haters and player hatetts Mase, Harlem World, Puff Daddy and 112 Telling you to be a lover and not a hater, you'll get further in life May God bless you and good night The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: Lookin' At Me Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com [Puff Daddy] Hey yo Mase, you know what I don't like?  (Why you over there lookin' at me)  I don't like when, you know, I'm in a club  (Why you over there lookin' at me)  And I'm with my honey  (Why you over there lookin' at me) You got, you know, the haters  They wanna be tough guys all of the sudden  1 - 	Why you over there lookin' at me 	While my girl standin' here 	Why you over there lookin' at me 	While my girl standin' here Repeat 1 while: Hit you with the ice grill, you know  Hehe, cause you boys ain't with you  Little do they know, your girl roll harder than  Some of yo niggas Dig?  [Mase]  Now what the hell is you lookin' for?  Can't a young man get money anymore?  Let my pants sag down to the floor  Really do it matter as long as I score?  Can't my car look better than yours?  Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws  Come to see me without no drawers In a stretch Lex with about ten doors?  How is murder?  P. Diddy name me pretty  Did it for the money, now can you get with me?  People wanna know who is he, he get busy  Spray so much izzy, girls get dizzy  Niggas on the block know Mase motto  One thing about Harlem World, we all got dough  98' Tahoe, Tommy and a Roscoe  Case I'm every chased by a Donny Brascoe  Repeat 1 [Mase]  Yo, I can't get mad cuz you look at me  Cuz on the real, look at me  Yo, it always be the haters that be sittin' in the rear  Dissin' every gear, but they better listen here  You cats keepin' it real, you cats is on yo own  Cuz bein' broke and alone is something I can't condone  Plus it won't be long till they send me the dome Sit gently, while I'm on the Bentley phone  Why you don't like me?  Cuz I'm mad fly and icy?  And why you can't satisfy yo wifey  And if it wasn't for this Bad Boy exposure  CD, TV's, really would I know ya  Now me and blink float in the gold Rover  So it's only right you get the cold shoulder  And if you got a girl, don't be real committed  Cuz Mase will hit it, you got to deal with it  Repeat 1 Repeat 1 Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) Make it hot baby, make it hot (come on) We don't stop [Mase]  We was all at the Greek fest, it's hot and sandy  I rent scooters, I'm with my family  Tank top, flip flop, really nothing fancy  But get approached by a girl named Tammy  Who looked good enough to be Miss Miami  But say, since some her peeps call her Candy  Than she starts to ask about Aaliyah and Brandy  Tellin' me how she met Puff down at the Grammy's  He ain't tell you I was the one with no panties?  Boo, you know how many he meet with no panties?  Please, tell me something that I don't know  Like if we have sex, you don't want dough And if it's not a problem you can meet me at 10  I'll be in room 112 and bring four friends  And if you gon' hit me, it gotta be a quickie  And please no hickies, cuz wifey's with me  Repeat 1 until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: Puff's Intro Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com Spoken Intro (Puff Daddy) Hmm, yeah The year is 1997 The place: New York, New York, big city of dreams Harlem U.S.A., hundred and tenth street, 1-25th, 8th Avenue 7th Avenue, Lenox, Polo Grounds, Hundred 45th street, Hundred 12th street, Hun' 35th street This is the birthplace, of that nigga, they call Mase This is where he resides at This is his world Harlem World And this is his story A story of... life, death, sex, drugs, happiness Jealousy, envy, reality This is his world... Harlem World... Harlem World... Harlem World... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mase f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: Harlem World Song: Will They Die 4 You? Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com Yeah 1 - 	How many niggas that'll die for you  	How many get a quiche like the pie, wit you 	I ain't talkin' 'bout those that get high with you  	Niggas know, if a red's on ya head, then they ride with you   	How many niggas that'll die for you  	How many get a quiche like the pie, wit you 	I ain't talkin' 'bout those that get high with you  	Niggas know, if a red's on ya head, then they ride with you  [Puff Daddy]  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah  Well, I'mma ride for you, would you ride for me?  Well, I'mma die for you, would you die for me?  Obviously, we all know you type of cats  Let they man get struck, never strike back  Stay in the street, seven days a week  Shit get hot, you never blaze your heat  Stupid motherfucker wanna play me sweet  So I keep 'em on his toes, that way he never sleeps  Bigger than the king and the Pope, sling no dope  Call me anything but broke  When it's on, I guarantee my team don't choke  Want a war, you niggas better bring yo' force And when I say we won't quit, believe this shit  When I talk about a Benz, let you see the 6  And when I'm talkin' to a ho, let you meet my bitch  When Puff talk, you niggas take heed to this  Repeat 1 [Mase]  Yo, if you down to act, we came to scrap  We beef '89, still watch your back  A nigga smack me, I'mma smack 'em back  If it lead to the guns, then that be that  And lately, niggas that snake me, just make me  Wanna send 'em heat without AC  Thinks I'm sweet, taste me  How much you really want it?  Enough to put a mil' on it or your deal on it?  This year Cancun, guess who I'm going wit My own niggas, see I pay my own trip  Make my own chips, I copped my own 6  I knock my own shit, like I'm on my own dick  My day be short, need coke, raid the fort  I'm knocked by the cops, come blaze the court  And though niggas die for, go on the shelf  Disrespect and spend like a man below your belt Me, I always had, so I never go for self  Had thousand dollar bills with Teddy Roosevelt  Better slow down, tellin' you now, put the dough down  Kick your door down, surround the block  Where you go now?  Fifty shots spit at you and that is not a whole round  Way I leave the furniture, think it was co-found  Here's the low-down, messin' with Mase gotta go down  What more could I say but hey, guess you niggas know now  Repeat 1 [Lil' Kim] Motherfuckin' right I'mma roll with my motherfuckin' dogs  Bitches ain't around when it's time to go to war  This shit here, nothing to fuck with  I'm the same bitch all ya'll wanna try ya'll luck with  Lil' Kim spread like syphilis  You think I'm pussy?  I dare you to stick your dick in this  Chrome 4-4, inconspicuous in the 6-0-0, shit's ridiculous  Speak when you're spoken to and only with permission  Like E.F. Hutton, when I talk, niggas listen  So don't ya'll be mad at me, cuz I'm the Q to the B  To the motherfuckin' E-E  Copped my CD, now all ya'll wanna be me  See me on the TV, beds will dip in 3-D  Peep the CD, chromed out and phoned out  My shit is paid for, your shit is loaned out  I gets it on, money keep growin'  Ice fully glowin', plus I'm bad to the bone  In the danger zone, I hold my own when the pain is gone  Like a splinter I enter  So why should I throw my blows in those Do a bit upstate and take the weight for your troubles  My nigga B.I.G, I'mma ride for  But it ain't too many niggas that I'd die for  Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ness f/ P. Diddy Album: My Hood 12" Song: My Hood Typed by: Jahmel008@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro:Ness/ P.Diddy] Haha Ha! Its bad boy baby [Chorus: Ness] Seems like I been away too long a lot of shit's been going on My hood, my hood motherfucker what's good what's hood motherfucker Down on papers way too long damn them bad boys did me wrong My hood, my hood motherfucker what's good what's good motherfucker [Verse 1: Ness] Man I whip that thing drop it like it's hot set up shop on your block whether you like it or not hot damn! The fiends scream gimme what you got got couple in my hands got plenty in the spot  no chaser henny on the rocks bet you never catchin slippin anybody could be got(heh)  anybody could be shot I just pray when they spray that my daughter could be right s5 s dot parkin lot pimpin you a star guess not they pay you no attention man listen your funds is insufficient my gun is so official my flow is influetial and I don't care how many hammers you holdin stick 'em up get 'em up while the cameras is rollin  ain't nuthin but a gangsta party man I get so high after its over might bang somebody  my name ness but I don't work for them cops I'm like kid from two block that had the jail on lock big car pass on the rock like magic niggaz gettn ness confused with L dot Madden  I got a real bad habit see a hater walk away without lettin him have (heh) that's why I'm lettin 'em have it till homicide shove me in the back of the wagon (heh)  I know these streets like the back of my hand fuck rap man you better have a back up plan picture me rollin jet black benz on sprees pay your whole pay check off indo weed I ain't gon be actin like I can't bleed and y'all haters  Ain't gon be actin like y'all can't be let's go [Verse 2:Ness] Peep my swagger dig my style heat them packs up  never slack up call your peeps for back up  act up I'm a beast I keep the gat tucked  break ya down piece by piece and call Shaq up  talk to much smartin up hope a drive by spray while I'm walkin up Talk is cheap Da Band we the bad news bears ya nuthin but a tax write off at the end of the year (yeah) I'll end your career Don't let your homies gas you up and geetin in ya ear (yeah) I'll get in ya rear ya listenin clear yeah now we gettin somewhere Big fish eat little fish you know how it go I'm a shark you a guppie thats the end of your show  Playboy I'm ahead of my time You find another flow better than mine never mind [Verse 3:Ness] The industry try to shit on Philly until I king kong my way up in New York city While Diddy was in the marathon running the city I was up in Atlanta town runnin pounds for Philly A big boy don't like to walk his plan A 34 run up have you feeling like Walter Payton I'm a fly bachelor snathcer Benz big body kit  Punchlines pack more kick than a karate flick [Chorus] - 2X [P. Diddy] We gon take it back to 94 the heat is on now attention attention we gon turn it up on them and another one and another one E.ness and we continue on phillys finest  bad boy baby they call me diddy Hp rad let's rock what's hood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Shyne, Puff Daddy Album: Sitting Home 12" Song: Sitting Home (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: TwstdFlava@aol.com [Puff Daddy] The man ya'll been waitin' to hear Check him out [Shyne] Let it be understood, Bad Boy run this >From Brooklyn to AT, they pump this Got you in the head with this gun shell Yeah, I know... I be on some dumb shit >From the cold killa niggas that air the block out Them chinchilla broads that wear your cock out Cost her ten mil, now it's me you see hop out Stop playin', game over like the lock-out Serious shit, I'm the baddest Bad Boy, imperial shit Me and Q double L from the 4 period 6, knockin Total ? flava, no doubt [Pam] (Puffy) I'm gettin' tired of bein' tired of your ways (c'mon) You haven't come home or even called me today (this is the remix) And you don't know the pain when I'm feelin' alone  I'm callin' out your name when you're not even home  (yeah, yeah yeah yeah) [Kima] And I need you with me babe Can't see you leavin' me babe Cuz I don't know no other road I would go And I hope your feelings change Come bring your lovin' back to me So I can give you all you need and much more Oh, I'm sittin' 1 - [Total]  Sittin' home waitin' for you  Starin' at these walls is all I do  I try my best to be good to you  But you're never around when I'm in the mood [Keisha] (Puffy) All my friends think that I am your fool (talk to me Keisha) And since you have been gone, I been thinkin' so too Just tell me what it is and what you feel I do wrong  (you ain't doin' nothin' wrong) We should stay together cuz our love is so strong (I feel ya) [Kima] (Puffy) And I need you with me babe Can't see you leavin' me babe Cuz I don't know no other road I would go And I hope your feelings change Come bring your lovin' back to me So I can give you what you want and much more Oh, I'm sittin' (Shyne, talk to me one time) [Shyne] I think it's only right I live the beat I was on some multi-platinum melody tone Shoot, they 'bout to bury me homes Carry it home, pencil bars and continental laws Coincidental? Nah I was meant to do this My speaches as a fetus get you at your z-lift, you beatless I made one, you lightweight, I made tons You betta off countin' stars, then them hoes that I make cum Hot to def, I ain't talkin' rhymes I'm talkin' 'bout this vest, TEK and the coat to cover it all From the veteran ?, VK the 2-5 Nigga, Shyne is too live Say you betta? Nigga you lie Wanna be me? You can't fit the shoe size Them hoes? Bruised eyes Young Don from, ummm, Brook-lon Repeat 1 to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Puff Daddy Album: Kissin You 12" Song: Kissin You/Oh Honey (intro): Total:Hmm mmm well well well Puffy: I wanna kiss ya girl Total:Hmm mmm Puffy:Let me kiss ya girl Total:Taste so good to me Puffy:Can I kiss ya girl?    I wanna kiss you girl    Let me kiss ya girl    Can I kiss ya girl? Total:Oooh   Puffy:I wanna kiss you girl   Let me kiss ya girl  Total:Mmm Puffy:Can I kiss ya girl?    I wanna kiss you girl Total:Yeah Puffy:I wanna kiss you girl Total:My little baby Puffy:Let me kiss ya girl (chorus):In everday I keep feeling this way     What else can I say I wanna kiss you     I cant deny     What im feeling inside     Just you in my life let me kiss you (verse):Every minute that Im with you    It seems to me like a dream come true    I cant get over the way I feel    The love from you is something real (chorus):In everday I keep feeling this way     What else can I say I wanna kiss you     I cant deny     What im feeling inside     Just you in my life let me kiss you (verse):There are so many things    That I can do to you    But since Ive been with you    Everything is new    Youve open up my eyes    These feelings I cant hide    I really feel the love     Boy please let me kiss you (chorus):In everday I keep feeling this way     What else can I say I wanna kiss you     I cant deny     What im feeling inside     Just you in my life let me kiss you (Puffys rap):So what cha sayin when you first met me girl you were     scared of my charm at the carnival with teddy bears in   your arms I like the whole package that come with your    hips girl I even like the way that you lick your lips Im    the type of guy that gotta be in tha drivers seat take   you straight to resorts just for privacy and Im a bad boy   and bad boys do bad things but if you kiss me right I put    some karats in your rings (breakdown):Kiss all in the love I feel      Cause no other love feels so real(for you)      Just kiss me and you will you see      (My baby, my baby, my baby, my my baby)      In your arms is where I want to be(Yeah) (chorus):In everday I keep feeling this way     What else can I say I wanna kiss you     I cant deny     What im feeling inside     Just you in my life let me kiss you (outro): Puffy:I wanna kiss you girl   Let me kiss ya girl   Can I kiss ya girl?   I wanna kiss you girl   Can I kiss ya girl?   I wanna kiss you girl       (REPEAT CHORUS TIL END) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Total f/ Missy Elliott, Puff Daddy Album: Kima, Keisha & Pam Song: Trippin' Typed by: the520@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Puffy] Bad Boy '98 Total, Kima, Keisha, Pam Missy Talk to me yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah [Missy Elliott] Uh, Bad Boy Bad Boy My mic sounds nice Check one (oooh) Bad Boy My mic sounds nice Check two P-U-F-F I'ma make 'em, go deaf Make you say, who dat? Them Total bitches, bad asses Kima Keisha and Pam, oh shit God damn it, should you cram it, or slam it Damn right, I'ma jam it [Pam] Baby you sho' is somethin' See I won't, trade you For nothin' See everything, you do to me You got me trippin' And I'm satisfied And that's guaranteed I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you [Keisha] Baby yeah There's one thing, I'll mention Me and her (la la la la la la la) See she's no, competition So tell her That you're through with her And you're in love with me And that's Totally And you're dedicated, to me I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you [Keisha] (Mmmmmmmmmm) Baby (Mmm-mmmmmm) There's one thing (Mmmmm-mmm) I'll mention (Mmmmmm-mmm) Nah nah nah (Mmmmmm-mmm) See she's no (Mmmm-mmmm) Competition [Bridge] I won't quit it Till I get it Till I have it I'll admit it I'm in love (you got me, shit you got me) I won't quit it Till I get it Till I have it I'll admit it I'm in love (you got me, shit you got me) [Kima] Baby you know that You got me trippin' Ya see I'm open Baby I'm open Baby you know that You got me trippin' Ya see I'm open Baby I'm open I hope you That you've been checkin' me I know what you're talkin' bout You got me trippin' on my own feet You got me buggin' boy You bring me so much joy You got me open boy And I'ma save my stuff for you [Timbaland] Thank you, thank you [Puffy] '98, and we won't stop Nah nah nah nah, heh heh heh Yeah yeah yeah Missy, Misdemeanor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 3LW f/ Loon, P. Diddy Album: A Girl Can Make Song: I Do (Wanna Get Close to You) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: 3LW and (P.Diddy)] Yeaa - uh huh Yeaa - uh huh (uh) Yeaa - uh huh (uh) Yeaa - uh huh ( I like this) Yeaa - uh huh (and another one) Yeaa - uh huh (and another one) Yeaa - uh huh ( Bad Boy baby) Yeaa - uh huh (3LW let's go) [Verse: Kiely] Rollin' in the club like what I, got the view of you on lockdown Then I saw you starin' at me It wasn't soundin' too bad Ya make me think that your for one Lickin' your lips at me for fun While the DJ's makin' him sway So won't you come stare to me If you . . . [Chorus: 3LW] Wanna get down, baby, I do Holla at me, baby, ooh-ooh If you rollin' deep tonight, then I do Wanna, know you And If you, wanna get down, baby, it's cool Holla at me, baby, ooh-ooh If you're always ridiculous, then I do Wanna get close to you [Verse: Adrienne] Your ice, your gear, your sex appeal Your, game so tight, you got me feenin' Wantin' you alone with me Is the illest fantasy You make me feel like wilin' out Showin' you what it's about, yeah Got it goin' on uptown Now let me see you work it out on me [Bridge: 3LW] I'm sure you had me to get her, baby Baby, how can I just make you see I'm the only one you need So please let me know right now 'Cause it's true ('Cause it's true) I want you (I want you) Say that you want me too [Verse: Loon] (Come on, yeah) Ladies and gentlemen I know I could make you scream like a woman' supposed to Seems like you wanna get closer Well, Boo here's the ticket, come through, we could kick it One hun' twenty five, foot two is addictest My view is the sickest It's true, been convicted, I'm probably needin' a girl In other words, ma, I'm due for some kisses, I'm due for some huggin' And all them dudes that be buggin', I ain't with it I'm through wit the thuggin', I'm due for some lovin' I need a wife in my life and ma you're lookin' like you're due for a husband I choose not to love 'em (uh huh) These chicks runnin' around actin' like straight fools in the public Let's move with the subject because I came with a better plot Just play the game and you'll never flop (never flop) It's in your brain, you already hot (already hot) But you ain't close to my age, so you better stop [Chorus] (2x) [Outro: P. Diddy] Let's go, don't stop . . . Let's go, don't stop . . . Ah ha, ha . . . Yea . . . Yea . . . I like this one right here, c'mon Hah - hah Hah - hah Hah - hah Yea . . hah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Diddy, Jay-Z Album: I Get Money (Forbes 1,2,3 Remix) Song: I Get Money (Forbes 1,2,3 Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: 50 Cent] The Giants play in New York, Forbes, 1,2,3 [Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) I Get Money I-I Get Money I-I Get I Get I Get I Get (Remix!!! AHHHHHHHH!!!!) [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Diddy) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**You know what it is!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**Aww man!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**It's the billion dollar remix baby!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (Yeah, I Run New York!!!) [Verse 1: 50 Cent] Come on man I'm hot now, drop now, top down I got style Been around the block pal imagine what I got now The Bentley the Ferrari, maybe the Bulgari Range and Maserati I got 'em all got damn My money, my, my, my money, long I blackout and break a bat over your ass like Barry Bonds I get it! I'm down for the jooks now what's up I'm with it I'm wit it! I told you I was gonna cake up I did it I did it! Niggas tryin to show me how to ball Man they tryin to buy some Gucci, I'm tryin to buy the mall (Oh yeah!) I ain't came to get a little bit I'm tryin to get it all My new bitch a cool bitch I'm fittin to make her spoiled If my watch is right, my stocks is right But don't be shocked tonight, if you get shot tonight Still gutter like a motherfucker Chipped up don't be surprised when I grip up You slip up you could get it [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Diddy) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**OH!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**OH!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**OH!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**Alot of money on this record man!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**I like bein around money man!!!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**Oh it's three the hard way baby!!!!!) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**You know my motherfuckin name!!! I own New York!!!) [Verse 2: Diddy] Uh! Bo knows but Diddy did it (Yeah) Cars, jewelry and big homes yeah Diddy did it Shootouts, coastal peace yeah Diddy did it But my lawyers so good that Diddy got aquitted I met J. Lopez out in St. Tropez While you was ridin around in Miami on Mopeds Yeaaaaaaaah! Oh you just got here I been doin this shit for over ten years (Ha, Ha!) I am chillin, in Sean John denim Nigga I don't walk nowhere I'm four wheelin Champagne spillin, chillin, no ceilin Stealin a quarter million, feelin, ice grillin Hit the avenue, earthquake up the morgue Give Jacob a call then make a withdrawal Face on the forbes in '94 I did it Don't like it I'm a Bad Boy now let's get it come on!!! [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Jay-Z) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (**Yeah) (*1,2,3) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**You talkin my language now baby!) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**Yeah) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) [Bridge: 50 Cent] (Jay-Z) I get the pounds, to pesos, to yeeeeen (yeah) I celebrate and I'm fresh out the peeeeen (yeah) I'm a hustler, I'm back at it agaaaaain (uh ha) I'm bad and I don't play pretend - FUCK WIT 'EM JAY!! [Verse 3: Jay-Z] I'm a hustler, baby! Can't escape my past When I flip Rocawear, I told 'em give me money cash Yeaaaah, checks might bounce Alphabet boys might check my counts Still hustlin, baby! Hurry up, kill me I'm already the goat next stop is the billy Young turbo, six speed 9/11 I'm revvin, I'm tryin not to spill my Merlot Where my girl go, on world tour Ladies I'm back on the street like a mount on a furlow I'm back clubbin, Ace of Spade bubblin Drink it from the bottle, who the fuck need a bucket?! I'm killin the block, most for whips So I'm killing the roof, like Michael Vick Yeaaaah! Just call me forbes.com Incase y'all forget New York is still mine I get it! [Chorus: Sample Courtesy Of "Top Billin" By Audio Two] (50 Cent) (*50 Cent adlib 1,2,3)(**Jay-Z) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (**Yeah) (*1,2,3) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) (**You talkin my language now baby!0 I-I Get Money, Money I Got (I, I Get it) (*1,2,3) I-I Get Money, Money I Got (Yeah) (*1,2,3) (**Yeah) Money-Money I Got, Money-Money I Got (**Yeah! I Run New York!!!) (**I wouldn't wanna be outside the borough on this one!) [Outro] HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (Yeah!!!) HO!!! HEY!!! (I Run New York!!!) HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (I, I Get It) HO!!! HEY!!! (Yeah!!!) HO!!! HEY!!! (Yeah! I Run New York!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: 50 Cent f/ Diddy, Notorious B.I.G. Album: God's Plan Song: Niggas Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Diddy] Shadyville Entertainment, Bad Boy collaboration [The Last Poets] I love niggas, I love niggas~! Cause niggas are meeeee And I should only love that which is meeeee I love to see niggas go through changes I love to see niggas, shoot the shit But there's one thing about niggas I do not love [50 Cent] Yeah... did it again nigga! [Chorus: Notorious B.I.G.] To all my Brooklyn	"Niggas!!" To all my Uptown	"You niggas understand!!" To all my Bronx		"In this world nigga!!" To all my Queensbridge	"Swept you away.." [Notorious B.I.G.] Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick and kicks it quick, you know how black niggaz get with the hoods fatigues with the boots with trees Smokin weed, flippin ki's, makin crazy G's Hittin buckshots at niggaz that open spots on the avenue, take my loot, and I'm baggin you Pimpin hoes that drive Volvo's and Rodeos Flash the roll, make 'em wet in they pantyhose Damn, a nigga style is unorthodox Grip the glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks Just in case a nigga wanna act out I just black out, and blow they motherfuckin back out [Chorus: 50 Cent - repeat 2X] We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel us nigga Biggie yo' nigga, 50 yo' nigga Squeeze the trigger, leave a nigga fa' sho'! We the realest nigga 50 Cent and B.I.G. my nigga Don't try to act like you don't feel a nigga Biggie yo' nigga, 50 yo' nigga Squeeze the trigger, leave a nigga fa' sho'! [Notorious B.I.G.] Then we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths Just in case dread wanna riff He get a free lift to the cemetary, rough very Not your ordinary, we watch you get buried That's a real nigga for ya Get mad do a quarter flip the script, and rip your lawyer Spit at the D.A., cause fuck what she say She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway Up North bound first stop, Watertown or Bitch-skill Where the hand skills are real ill You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover Ha hahhh, yo chief, pass the buddha [Verse: 50 Cent] When I was young my M.O. was to go hand-to-hand Even my P.O. she called me the Ginger Bread Man I catch a new case, and tell her ass "catch me if you can" Don't let your people fill you up wit octane, I'm not playing Get gassed up to get blast up Real B.I.G. style watch the kid break it down Check it - thou shalt not fuck wit North C. Papa 50 Cent, I'll break yo ass off propa' There's no place like home, New York - New York I run the city, and I don't dance around like Diddy Niggas is giddy, till they smacked silly or sprayed wit the Mac Milli They don't want drama really Pussy niggaz get hard lip syncin my lyrics like Milli Vanilli In the hood they feel me {*gun cocked*} hah!! I'm on fire! Niggas out in Philly they feel me, they bump my shit Every bootlegger you know, pump my shit bitch! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: B2K f/ P. Diddy Album: Pandemonium! Song: Bump, Bump, Bump Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro: P.Diddy + (B2K)] We sendin' this one out To all the ladies all over the world All those sexy mama's C'mon c'mon and c'mon now As we proceed, to give you what you need (yea) You know I like it when your body go  (Bump, bump, bump) Bad Boy, B2K Yo O talk to 'em playa [Verse: Omarion + (P.Diddy)] I like ya little sexy style Love it when you getting wild Girl in the club with me (I'm over here, let me talk to you for a minute I need to tell you something) Girl you need to be in magazines Wear a crown on your head cause you a Ghetto Queen Like bling bling bling (uh, you fine girl) The way you shaking that sexy ass Your body shaped like an hour glass Baby we need to spend some time (yea, let's do it y'all) I wanna get you to myself Me and nobody else And do the things we do Baby there is something that I need from you [Chorus - 1: B2K] Baby turn around  And let me see that sexy body go Bump, bump, bump  (That is all I want to see Baby show me, show me) Baby turn around  And let me see that sexy body go Bump, bump, bump  (The way you're throwing that thing at me I can't take it baby) [Verse: Omarion + (P.Diddy)] I love the way you teasin me  Gonna have to stop pleasing me While we're on this floor  (Stop teasin me baby, I want you) Ooh yea, you're kicking it round and round  I love the way you put it down  You're makin me scream for more (Gimme more, don't stop, c'mon) Put ya 2-way next to mine  Baby hit me anytime You and me behind closed doors You about to be my main squeeze Take trips, cop shinny things Girl just come with  Now mama go 'head do the damn thing [Chorus - 1] {*w/ ad libs*} [Verse: P. Diddy] Dance for nothin mami  Plans to take her by me Get on the floor  Make it bump more, shake it mami Let's ride I'm ya Clyde you can be my Bonnie See you the type for me  Mami, so right for me Man she can move it Love when she dance to the music  Make me wanna stand like a pool stick Hands is the smoothest Just a simple touch make me lose it Girl that's enough stop movin' Now bump that, I pump that Girl bring it to me bump that I wanna that girl sing it wit me like La la-la la-la la la la, La la-la la-la la la la  So let's do it again mami You and a friend mami Money ain't a thing  Look, what I gotta spend mami? Put up ya hands for me That's how you dance for me Shake it like ya can hunnie Take it from your man mami, yea [Chorus - 1] (2x) {*w/ ad libs*} [P.Diddy] {*over chorus second time*} B2K, Bad Boy They call me Diddy Yea, Dave Mack you got one now baby Don't stop now, hah! I see you Chris [Omarion] You know I like it when your body go (yea) Bump, bump, bump  (C'mon, don't stop let's go, let's go) [Chorus - 2: B2K]  Baby turn around  And let me see that sexy body go Bump, bump, bump [P.Diddy] C'mon, let's go C'mon, let's go And another one [Omarion] You know I like it when your body go (and another one) Bump, bump, bump  [P.Diddy] C'mon, it's "pandemonium!" baby Let's go, yea The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Baby (AKA the #1 Stunna) f/ Mannie Fresh, P. Diddy, Tateeze Album: Birdman Song: Do That... Typed by: Yo_Wifey@hotmail.com [Intro: P. Diddy] C'mon now, c'mon now Cash Money, Bad Boy baby Let's go [Baby]  Pretty lady go on do dat dance Pretty lady go on do dat dance (c'mon now, let's go) Sexy momma go on do dat dance Sexy momma go on do dat dance (c'mon now) Make it move for me baby (do you like dat daddy?) Make it jingle for me baby (do you like dat daddy?) Touch it down to the floo' (do you like dat daddy?)  Pick it up and let's go (do you like dat daddy?) [Baby] See I walk through the club wit my Prada on  Vallet to da keys cuz tha cars so strong  Twenty four whoooo, mami know too  Ballas come through tha side doo' wit they crew I went left and Puff went right  Plus we had on all that ice  I had a bald chick he had one too I had a mink on she had one too [P. Diddy talking] Hey Birdman hold up a second You see them ladies over there? Them ladies singing that thing, ladies sing Yeah, I like that there Finish what you were saying [Baby] I bought tha bar out so he bought tha bar too It ain't nothin to a balla mami do what we do  Pimp game wear big rings  Birdman drive a red Range [Chorus: Baby] Pretty lady go on do dat dance Pretty lady go on do dat dance (c'mon now, let's go) Sexy momma go on do dat dance Sexy momma go on do dat dance (c'mon now, let's go) Pretty lady go on do dat dance Pretty lady go on do dat dance (c'mon now, let's go) Sexy momma go on do dat dance Sexy momma go on do that dance (c'mon now) Make it move for me baby (do you like dat daddy?) Make it jingle for me baby (do you like dat daddy?) Touch it down to the floo' (do you like dat daddy?)  Pick it up and let's go (do you like dat daddy?)  Make it move for me baby (do you like dat daddy?) Make it jingle for me baby (do you like dat daddy?) Touch it down to the floo' (do you like dat daddy?)  Pick it up and let's go (do you like dat daddy?)  [P. Diddy] Now shake it fast, watch yo'self  Ma show me what you workin wit twurk dat thang  Bounce like dat girl work that thang Make a pimp wanna hurt that thang  Stop frontin ma and do dat dance  Make yo knees touch ya elbows and do dat dere  What you got dere? Bend ova show that tattoo right there  Jus shake it, shake it, break it, break it  Now look at you momma, oooohh, high cut I see from behind ya, oooohh, she's all that Baby you a designa wit a, coach bag  Wit a scarf around it wit a, coach hat  Smack it up, slap it up, let me turn it up  Til you steam and you scream, I'm burnin up On tha scene I seen her doin the butt  Keep doin what your doin to her, let's go  [P. Diddy]  I see you lookin at me momma like you could, drop somethin Keep lookin at me momma cause you a, hot somethin  Girl shake it around, like you got somethin No playin around momma, stop frontin  [Baby] I see what you doin mami, um hum  I like the way you move mami (*bird sounds*) Me and Diddy could buy you a car, ma Me and Diddy could make you a star, ma See those? Let's go  Tell hot get them broads I'll bring 'em to the car show  Wipe a pimp down, touch the floo'  Bend ova pop it love, show me what'cha know  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Babyface f/ Ghostface Killah, P. Diddy Album: This is for the Lover in You Remix 12" Song: This is for the Lover in You (Face to Face Remix) Typed by: Johnnygreeneyes3@aol.com [Intro: P. Diddy (Ghostface Killah)] We, we, we won't stop (yeah, what, what) Eh-heh, eh-heh (check the joint) We, we, we won't stop (fly this on your face, rub it in) We, we won't stop (slingshot style) eh-heh We, we, we won't stop (Ghostface meets Babyface) Bad Boy (back to back on this) remix, come on We, we, won't stop (slingshot style, baby, anger that) Ghostface, Babyface, come on [Ghostface Killah] Yo, last night, my lovin' found, since I drowned Fuck wit the twelve foot king, lost his crown Uptown, seen somethin' strange, old flame, God She look good as hell, she still want my chain So I pushed up, "Baby, what's up? How's the seed doing?" Just signed out of school, and no, I'm not screwin' True indeed, I ain't asked you that, happy physical Give me hug, show the old man some man Santa Maria, the raw dog version of Aaliyah Pussy hair growin' like chia, she Olympian Cats I block in rain, tougher to tackle Live large, Bianca did the nails, she stomped them Camay, Wonder Woman, black cafe, listen, hey, got that love mommy, okay Hey home, undressed, teller bitch too, daddy been good too Watch when he slide all in you [Babyface] I love you when with me baby Be there and everywhere I can, cuz I'm that prime man Yeah, I will give you everything baby Give you all then any girl can stand I'm gonna love you baby [Ghostface Killah] Magnificent heavenly, the God stay bent Five Percent Range whipping, soul controller of the lynch Macking phone rings, Stephen King trauma down at Danzine My mood swings supplexed off the rope, magazine Coconut jewels, wore no color shoe, knife annual Moses lost his sandal, hiding the manual Blow the vandal bugging off of Bon Jovi hits Grandma Lovie, famous murder weapon was a trophy And this is for the real rap lovers and you and your crew It's Wu, you know how we do [Chorus: unknown female singer] This is, for the lover in you This ring, means I'll always be true This is, how the struggle'll do This time, we'll live forever [Babyface] I will love you all the way baby Girl that means this love will never end I will be your lover and your friend I will take you anywhere, baby Just say when and girl I'll take you there One more day, baby, baby, baby I give this for you, and promise to give all my love Exclusive for you, oh baby, for you baby I always will be your lover, baby [Ghostface Killah] Yo, seeds posin' in Oshkosh, guzzle cries Sabotage, massage, rap bandit at large Wolverine Carnation Milk, Wu denim jeans Thirstin Howl the Third kids back on the scene Call it chopped meat, cause every word is choppy My logic crunch all crows to death, Kobiyashi couldn't stop me Getting caught up in my world, Hagen-Dasz world Backflip and then twirl, cave your whole world Backflip and then twirl, French girls just for girls The mood swinger, checkmate Boston strangler Control anger, soft dagger suffocate the ranger [Interlude: Ghostface Killah (Babyface)] Word up, yea, check the joint Somethin' fly, Puff remix, Babyface, Ghostface (all this for you baby) Yo, it's on, word (really) (This ring is for you baby, oh, no, oh baby,  for real this baby, yeah, yeah, yeah) [Outro: Babyface (P. Diddy)] Ooh, baby, come and I will be true For you, always for you, do it, do it Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (Stevie J, Bad Boy) Oh baby, so much love between us All in between us, baby I think you wanna talk 'bout it Oh, oh you baby, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah baby The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beanie Sigel f/ Diddy, Ghostface Killah, Peedi Crakk Album: The Solution Song: Shake it for Me Typed by: Davida.b., Cno Evil [Chorus: Diddy] Pass another shot of that Patron Shorty I'm goin, why chu goin with me After this, tonight I'm goin home You wanna come, shorty come with me Now I wanna see you get your hands up Shorty wanna shake it for me Ladies if you with me, get your hands up Shake it, shake it, shake it for me [Beanie Sigel] Lil nasty bitch Cute face, slim waist, nice ass & tits It's a damm shame that lil sweet thang ain't nothin but a freak thang "In Love With A Stripper" like T-Pain Er' weekday, up in the club like Lis' Raye Makin niggaz make it rain like Lil Wayne Boy, mami tottsie rollin that pole I ain't Peedi Peedi baby, I just know what I know Call me Iceberg baby, Pimpin Ken on a stroll Got the right one baby, wouldn't give you a cold No, but I could give you the coat Pimps up, hoes down, bank roll all froze Mack keep em looking pretty, but won't give em no dough Uncle Diddy run the city, butch you ain't know? Now let that thang bounce, drop slow And show out your outsides, you know how it go, oh [Peedi Crakk] I'm at my maximum, I'm fully loaded Baby girl c'mon, roll with it Don't be askin them if I'm gon bomb Like the atom or the a-tom, just order the dom B Mack and them, you better know it Nab hoes, after the show, she gon show it That hoe, I told you she gon do it The loads is full, she let me smash in the Buick I'm comin for clothes, these hoes, we gon through it Pull out my gat, she though I was gon shoot her Mr. P Crakk Cocaine, I got rulers My mind in the gutter, and my heart in the sewer I kick a bitch to the curb, I keep it movin Married to the game, I love my money and my music Half Puerto Rican and black, they think I'm Jewish I don't give em shit, and they keep comin back to it [Ghostface Killah] Yeah, yeah, yeah Now come and sit yo big ass down Right here on daddy legs, now hush, take a sip of the brown Lap dance on it, leave a white stain on my Levis This the twat team, I'mma show you how we ride Through a lasso over your hips, rustle your mean theighs You bow-legged too? I'mma hit it from all sides Uh huh, we brought the bar, you bought the bar Beans got the big lighter out, waiting to spark Word up, dancefloors, noise, asses shaking And she winding that body like she got Jamaican Asains, sistas, blacks, bad caucasions Get em all Goosed up, then I persuade them To bounce to the c-r-i-b Shorty to young, sorry, gotta chill in the lobby It's the penthouse, big couch, get digged out You bring your lil male friends, I get kicked out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Benzino f/ P. Diddy Album: The Benzino Project Song: Who is Benzino? Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Benzino talking softly] Niggas wanna try and live my life and Bitches wanna try and run my life and (As we proceed!) Haters wanna try and take my life and (ha, Benzino) God... [Hook] Niggas wanna try and live my life and Bitches wanna try and run my life and Haters wanna try and take my life and God! Do you really want my life then? [Benzino] Dot hit me with the track, Diddy keep it gangsta When in the city, crime scene, no answer Who's Benzino? Who the fuck's Benzino? Matta-fact, get'cha facts straight (Say whaaat?!) Nino Brown without the high fate O-Dog without the O, Nigga you don't know? Sonny Coleon, Godfather get loose Bulletproof, made it through the toll booth I don't know if you niggas want the whole truth Stay strapped even in the vocal booth Rob report, page 3-5-7 Ray hang 'em high, details at eleven [Hook] 2x [Benzino] Do you really wanna hold spots down, home town Bost-town Victim of 'stance, we dance with four pound Spit thug sound, y'all know how thugs sound Can't touch clowns, slow slugs down O.G.'s raised me, baby G's praise me Since I'm a G, rep 3 'til I'm swazy Y'all cats fugazi, my shit's crazy Niggas can't faze me (You can't take) what God gave me Game stayed on top of - Fame played a part of Change, made a lot of - Flame in the hearts of Men I'm a Made one - Friends, I don't need none Play it by the rules, took some, left some Once was behind bars, now I'm a All Star I'm florid idol, takin all titles Whole family 'spect it, whole fam connected Fuck off the hook, my shit's disconnected [Benzino softly speaking Hook] [P. Diddy over Benzino] Oh, see this is the shit I'm talkin 'bout 'Stead of a nigga doin him, he tryna do me and stop me from doin me, feel me? [Benzino] Stress got me smokin blunts like they're cigarettes Don't forget, nickel nine leave you soakin wet Negotiate deals via cellphone Do shows outta town, bring dollars home Spread love throughout my hood, my hood love me Lemme give you some advice, don't never trust me You gonna pay the price if you ever fuck me It's like rollin dice, if you try an' duck me Who's Benzino? Know the whole world know People always scared of shit that they don't know Dispite the facts, still here, of course Fuck "Five Mics" motherfucker, I'm The Source [Hook] 3x [Benzino talking (P. Diddy)] Yeah, now what, (what) now what'chu sayin now (Yea) Huh? You don't really wanna How you feelin about this now? Huh, Huh? (As we proceed!) What'chu got to say about this? Huh? You got somethin to say, about everything else What'chu got to say about this right here? (What'chu got to say?) Huh? You can't say shit about this! Huh? You just gotta keep your fuckin mouth shut!! [P. Diddy talking] You need to stop doin me, and do you - you feel me? It's a simple thought, haha Sometimes you have your mind so preoccupied on a motherfucker, you can't even wake your ass up You too busy dreamin about me! You motherfucker! I don't even know why I'm talkin to your punk- Ya, ahhh, it's some fuckin sissy shit even talkin about this, ahh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Beyonce f/ P. Diddy Album: Crazy in Love 12" Song: Summertime Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [P. Diddy - talking] Yeah There's three things I like about the summertime Drop tops, long hot nights and summer love Yeah Hey yo, B Tell 'em what time it is Let' s go [Beyonce] Out of all the guys that approached me Walking up to me like they know me You were the one that stayed aside Waited a while and took your time You don't know how impressing Your curiousity was to me It was the fourth day of July Looked in my eyes and saw that I [Break - Beyonce] I wanted more than just a man (man) I needed a friend (I want a friend) Someone I can talk to (oh) Someone who'll really listen (yeah) When you touched my hand (yeah yeah) The sun got brighter then (brighter then) Trusting you I closed my eyes And felt our love begin [Chorus - Beyonce] It was the summertime (when we fell in love) It was the summertime (when heaven shined on us) It was the summertime (baby there is nothing like the) Summertime, summertime (ohh) [Beyonce] Now it's been a year and we're closer Fall in love again when I hold ya I know that God set you aside For me and now you are my prize Wanna grow old with ya Fill a house with ya pictures Have a son for you, a little girl for me Together we'll raise a family [Break - Beyonce] I wanted more then just a man I needed a friend You are my best friend (yeah) Someone I could talk to Someone who'll really listen (yeah) When you touched my hand (yeah) The sun got brighter then (brighter then) Trusting you I closed my eyes and felt our love begin [P. Diddy] Yo let me holla at you for a sec So what's in gonna be, him or me? (yeah) We can cruise the world for pearls And bare boots for girls Summertime in the linen, fresh fruit Livin the life that's forbidden for just you (let's go) No worries you ain't gotta be stressed out No hurries you ain't gotta be rushed out Sit back relax ma take your time Now have a taste of the finest wine Every minute that we have's a blessing to me And in your heart you's a "Child of Destiny" (that's right) Them hot summers that we had especially Love who you is girl, you bring out the best of me And it's like that, you know it's like that (that's right) And that's your plan, where's your hand let me ice that You my heart ain't no chance you could fight that The summertime, when you hot baby take that, take that Yeah.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Biz Markie f/ P. Diddy Album: Weekend Warrior Song: Do Your Thing Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Biz + P. Diddy] And you don't stop And you can't stop [P. Diddy] Yeah, yeah - I like this [B-I-Z] If you [Diddy] If you [B-I-Z] Wanna know [Diddy] Wanna know [B-I-Z] The real deal, about the Biz [Diddy] A-say what, a-say what? [B-I-Z] Well I'm the Biz Markie [Diddy] And I'm the P. Diddy [B-I-Z] So you know what time it is [Diddy] A-come on [B-I-Z] If you [Diddy] If you [B-I-Z] Wanna know [Diddy] Wanna know [B-I-Z] The real deal, about the Biz [Diddy] A-say what? [Diddy] And that's comin from me, the P. Diddy [Diddy] And you know what time it is, RIGHHHT [P. Diddy] So come on Diabolical Don't stop and don't you dare quit Just get on the mic, sit on the mic Spit on the mic and don't you dare quit! [Biz Markie] When I get on the mic, I guarantee There's no better MC than Biz Markie Everything I say, or anything I do Will move yo' posse or your crew When you me hear me say, and what I play Affects a lot of people in the strangest way Well I'm too cold to freeze, too hot to burn And I never miss a tag when it's my turn Cause I can, rock the mic if you give me a chance Cool V'll cut the record, make you do the 'Biz Dance' I can - flip the crowd with a wave of my hand I'm the Diabolical, "And you know this MAAAAAAN!" You can do your thang, and any-thang you choose But please, please, leave my thang alone You can do your thang, and any-thang you choose But please, please, leave my thang alone [Biz Markie] I'm the court jester, the manifester I used to buy my clothes at A.J. Lester's The rhymerator, the beat creator Whack rappers get dropped like a hot potato The dime repeater, the MC greeter Knuckle bleeder, no need for a heater The only MC in history Who didn't even have to R-A-P The bum destroyer, I'm comin for ya Got took to court and didn't need a lawyer Make James Brown get down (yeah yeah) Made Beretta go get her (yeah yeah) Made Laverne and Bill Cosby (yeah yeah) Go change they sweaters (yeah yeah) I fought Mike Tyson, dropped him in 4 Went to Fort Knox and kicked down the door Rocked seven continents with all this flow "And this is somethin for the radi-ohhhh" [Biz Markie] Got ladies screamin STRANJE STRANJE With the rhythm and rhymes and style that I display If rap was sex, I'd be a porno star With Sade, and Janet, in a menage-a-trois Merrily merrily, life is just a dream-ah First car, I ever had was a Beamer First girl, I ever had was a screamer I got out of breath and almost caught emphysema Put the party people in a state of shock While Biz compose songs like Sebastian Bach This is the end of this scenario Like Robin Harris, "I gotta go - gotta go!" [Chorus] - repeat 2X w/ ad libs [sung ad libs before a quick fadeout] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige Album: What's the 411? Song: Leave a Message Puff Daddy: You better be home Mary B's answering machine: Yo, whatsup, this is Mary, I'm not home, leave a message, peace Puff Daddy: Yo mary, it's Puff, pick up the phone nigga Hey yo Mary, it's Puff, hey, yo Mary yo, you got studio tonight, 8 o'clock, Hit Factory, in the mall, you gotta um, you gotta do this video shoot, get back to me...Yo I know you there man, pick up!! Shit, get back to me man, beep me, peace Kool Dj Red Alert: Mary, Maary, Mary, Mary, yo yo Mary, yo Mary, yo Mar-Mary, Mary, It's me, me, me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Kool Dj Red Alert, check this out, Mary, Mary, check this out, I wanna get with you later on, because I heard that you got it goin on with the whack, yeah give me some vinyl I heard about this album, you can't be doin this, Mary, Mary, we got to get together, c'mon, we gonna get around, you gonna have some drinks, gonna toss it up, ya know just tell me when ya want me comin over, ya know, then check it out, I don't have no limo but I got a skateboard, four wheel drive yo, we gonna get expensive alright, Mary, Mary, please Mary, you better let me sign up, ok? And the Puba's here too, cya! Christopher: Yo Mary this is Christopher Williams, call me back cause I just heard your album and I'm real interested in you doing a duet with me, Puffy got my number so get back with me alright? Peace Jamie Brown: Mary, Mary quite contrary, this is Jamie Brown from sister to sister, girl I just heard the record, I loved it, I wanna see you, I wanna meet you to see how you vibe, call me, ok? Eric Sermon: Yo Mary Blige, whatsup? This is Eric Sermon, MC Grand for ya, just wanna say whatsup. Good luck, cya. Andre: Mary whatsup? This is Andre Harrel, CEO, Chairman, Founder Uptown Records, I just wanted ta call ya letcha know that I heard ya album, you are outta outta here baby, peace, I'll cya number one. Heavy D: Yo Mary, this is Hev, where you at? Trying to see whatsup for the evening, give me a call, peace. Maceo: Hey Mary, whatsup Mary? Whatsup Mary, this is Maceo, (you) said you were gonna take that trip to Pluto with me, whatsup? Yo, give me a call later, peace Dj Clark Kent: Hey yo Mary J., this is Clark Kent, I just heard that album, dag, can I get like ten copies? That's for all my crew, make sure they playin it, I'm gonna run you ta death, you over baby, I'm gone. Kurt Juice: Yo Mary whatsup, this is Kurt Juice, Yo, whatsup, what's happening? You're late, c'mon, hurry up, hurry up, we gotta go get this money Little Shawn: Yo Mary whatsup? This is Little Shawn. When you get in, give me a call, or better yet beep me. peace. C.L. Smooth: Yo whatsup Mary J., this is C.L. Smooth, I'm down at the studio doing this remix, just come down there and lay down some vocals for me, aight baby? Call me when you get in, peace. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Jay-Z, P. Diddy Album: Love & Life Song: Love & Life Intro Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com **Phone dialling** 	[Mary] What's up, this is Mary, leave a message, and I'll holla back, peace 	[Diddy] Yo, yo Mary, pick up the phone girl Ay yo Mary, pick up the phone girl MJ = Hello? PD = Ay yo, what's up? MJ = What's up Puff? PD = Girl you ready? MJ = I'm always ready 	[Diddy] It's about that time again This the moment they all been waiting for Time to take it back to the gutter The queen of hip-hop soul 	[Mary] (Jay-Z) Oohh, live your life cos life is love Always thank the man above (thank you, uh) The more you the more you get (that's real talk) Yeah, yeah (let me warm it up for ya) 	[Jay-Z] Who better to usher you back through the gutter Than America's number one hustler (Sean Carter) Don't call it a come back Unless there's some money attached to that And you can call it whatever you like, in fact It's something like a phenomenon Like a young LeBron, gettin my high school games on TV just for dunkin on Whoever want it with Sean he can get it jumpin like Donkey Kong We could get it thumpin like bum-ba-bum Travel the way of the gun, come on, c-come on No, I'm not only beggin I'm eggin you on Until you dead or gone that's the vendetta I'm on This ain't no video game with wrestlers on it The competitor on this is on some shit Honest come through all black like a Amish Holsters under the armpit, the arm spit, ha Just that Brooklyn don shit Along with the queen from Yonkers Come on kiss the ring Fore I let miss Mary sing Supposed to you a soul in the everything, yeah It's classic material I see you bastards at the burial Jay go first and then Mary go, round I just ride, hold her down with the fifth by my side Me and miss Blige Look up in the sky it's a bird and the 'caine And the hydro flow that I brought to the game I could go mo' but I'm a let ma do her thang Brooklyn, we did it again 	[Diddy] I can't really explain what it is about her I don't know it's just, it's something special Ain't nobody like her, there's only one Mary Only one queen of hip-hop soul Love and life, let's do it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ P. Diddy Album: No More Drama 12" Song: No More Drama (Remix) Typed by: wick_63@hotmail.com [P. Diddy] Here we go again Yeah, that's right Here we go again Ha Ha, yeah This is the remix Back together again Let's go Mary [Mary] All the love we gave The loving that we made Then you went away (that's right) So I had to pray See a brighter day Cause silence let us pray Now I'm moving on to get away from all this pain I feel (I feel) Better than I felt before (so much better) Cause there's no more drama knocking at my door I feel Better than I felt before Cause there's no more drama in my life no more No More No More No More [Diddy] This is the remix I like this, come'on [Mary] It's looking better now A brand new love I found I finially figured out What love is all about And now I'm on my way And all I have to say Is there'll be no crying and I truely believe that [Bridge] It's time To realize (people it's time) It's up  To you and I Love is what you make it If you don't give up the fight All this really means Assuring me Believe in all you dream [P. Diddy] Eh yo Mary I don't think they ready for this one Yo it's the D I D again, D to the weezy Been in the game twelve years it ain't easy Been in dem things got game that so breezy Spendin' them things with a chain that's so freezy Please believe me, TV need me As far as the CD, pump that on GP What's the 411 hun, it's PD MJB collabo with BB Period, no question no comma Your hearing is no vest and no armour Bring it to cats like Bush to Osama Sippin on vu, make moves and no scama Word to my mama Can't deal with the trama That why a nigga stay in the Bahamas Laying in pajamas Two sexy mamas Bodyguards, topguns, two extra lamas I don't want no drama [Chorus: 2x] No more, no more, no more No more drama y'all It's so hard But I got to say No more,I said no more, no more No more, no more, no more (Diddy) This is the remix Mary J Blige No more drama BadBoy bady Diddy, Yellowman, Hitmen The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mary J. Blige f/ Notorious B.I.G., Puff Daddy Album: What's the 411? (Remixes) Song: Real Love Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Puffy] Yes indeed once again  For those who don't know  What the sounds of the youngest DJ in charge Ron G I wanna say whassup to Mary  And this that uptown classic Give it to 'em Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground Take 'em uptown to the Polo Ground [Mary] We are lovers through and through And though we made it through the storm I really want you to realize I really want to put you on I've been searching for someone To satisfy my every need Won't you be my inspiration Be the real love that I need 1 - 	Real love 	I'm searching for the real love 	Someone to set my heart free 	Real love 	I'm searching for a real love Oh when I met you I just knew That you would take my heart and run Until you told me how you felt for me You said I'm not the one So I slowly came to see All of the things that you were made of And now I hope my dreams and inspiration Lead me towards a real love Repeat 1 I've got to have a real love Love so true and oh, baby I thought that love was you I thought you were the answer To the question in my mind But it seems that I was wrong If I stay strong maybe I'll find a [Notorious B.I.G.] Look up in the sky It's a bird, it's a plane Nope, it's Mary Jane, ain't a damn thing changed Kickin' ill flava with the Teflon Don Record shop getting props She got it goin' on So what's it gonna be? The real one, the fake one  Ya need a minute to think for whom ya better take What up? My time is up Peace out to brooklyn  Helpin' Daddy-O, hey yo, bring the verse in [Mary] So I try my best and pray to God He'd send me someone real To caress me and to guide me Towards a love my heart can feel Now I know I can be faithful I can be your all and all And give you good lovin' through the summertime Winter, spring and fall Repeat 1 You see I'm searching for a real love And I don't know where to go I've been around the world and high and low And still will never know How it feels to have a real love Cuz it seems there's none around I gotta end it in this way Because seems he can't be found Repeat 1 Repeat 1 until fade while: [Puffy] It's that flavor That's what I'm talking about Ain't no other way to explain it The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Boyz N Da Hood f/ P. Diddy Album: Boyz N Da Hood Song: Album Intro Typed by: AZ Lyrics [P. Diddy] This Bad Boy South bitch Block Entertainment Ladies and gentleman; I'm about to introduce to you (it's about that time) FOur of the realest niggaz to come up out the hood As I introduce to you (Boyz N Da Hood, Boyz N Da Hood) Jody Breeze, Big Duke The O.G. they call him Young Jeezy the Snowman and Big Gee the Edge Hanger These My Niggaz Boyz N Da Hood Th ehardest group to come out of the Souf Block Entertainment the label Bad Boy South the Empire And we won't stop, we can't stop A-T-L motherfuckers Let's do it Big Gee [Big Gee] Boyz N Da Hood, Big Gee I'm the edge hanger head banger third leg swanger Danger trick mangler spit led at the feds aimer Hang a bitch fuck tryin to change her (fuck tryin to change her) Anger wit the most dangerous chrome fit to have you pissin out ya anus [Big Duke] Now its Big Duke mostly seen in shell toes and dickie suits Wit a team of troops in chevy coupes dat be quick to shoot Trap robbers plus I got a slew off against cop gobblers And a sick click dat get lite and turn to cop poppers [Young Jeezy] I'm a Nextel chirping gun totein' brick living fool Buy a grand a day so I dropped outta high school (Yeeeeaah) Jeezy real, nigga you the faker (WHAT) Could read a bitch ass nigga like a newspaper [Jody Breeze] Okay now from a year ago hundred bills still fold Summertime air forces winter time still told You talk a good game but y'all niggaz ain't real though Worldwide or underground when I'm around niggaz know Ay what they know nigga? Boyz N Da Hood nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Mase, Puffy, Rampage Album: When Disaster Strikes Song: The Body Rock [Puff Daddy] See when we like to make you shake your ass, move your hips So we gonna do a little something like this Flipmode, Bad Boy Check this out Tell me how it feels, is it hot is not Does it drop cash like a slot Does it stay streeted go pop  Checkin out what Flipmode got, mad hip-hop Chartin number one, drinks in the sun Eighty times so we can get sponged, shake it hon All a brother know is make the hit get the dough Makin grandmas hit the floor, really though It's my thang my slang  Rich motherfuckers gettin chicks at the  Bringin my team to the joint wit Alan Iversan runnin on point Don't smoke a spliff on the joint And when you see they on point Cause I, I be that nigga wit the million dollar figures Gettin all up in they bitches Leavin they pussy in stitches, uh [Rampage] Aiyyo I'm on to the next level  I'm gettin rich, friends said I switch  I got me a bad chick, live up in the hills  Pay my mom's bills, recoup a half a mil Still got my deal, pop the 700 Benz-o you never seen, cash money fiend A lot of cats wanna dream Pack a shorty black or Phillipian The way I eat my shrimp with steam I'm the man with the gangsta lean, what, what Yo I split your whole spleen if you know what I mean Call me little rabcash, I get you for your stash VIP pass, ave all the gas, I make it last  Chorus: Busta Rhymes To my people in the front if you ready to bump a say 	"Don't stop the body rock" To my people in the back if your not a wack a say 	"Don't stop the body rock" To my people in the left if you hot to death a say 	"Don't stop the body rock" To my people in the right wanna party tonight just say 	"Don't stop the body rock" [Mase] Since Mase refuse to lose, we makes numeral moves  Cause I'm smoother than them dudes and them two thousand dollar shoes When I move to new Jerus, cause I like the cruise and my six double-o, blast weed, love the dough I'm that Goodfella, what the hella they can tell me Smoke my la la out in LA, who's ready Juice heavy back in blue Chevy  See angealan they winnin, a nigga need the chedda Cause I'm more in a broad way With all A's and platinum There been many things we touch Never had in finance so I never had to deduct shit 1.8 And every week I have to re-up So what, so what [Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo check out the way me and my niggas always be whippin shit  The way that I display no flavor and do it so intricate Pidda and padda padda and pidda over with the shit U u u u u oh y'all niggaz be yappin to make me sick of it  Hit you wit shit that y'all niggaz never ever forget  Fuckin wit my niggaz just like you playin russian roulette Ooh me and my whole baton coming soon  Make a make room, we diesel like a bunch of balloons  A yo yo make ya damage, all of my niggaz damage ya Tryin to alter our lavage liven niggaz y'all turn savage  Yo Flipmode and Bad Boy collabo' Makin sure all of you niggaz all stay home  Chorus 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ Akon, Diddy, Lil' Wayne, Ron Browz, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: Arab Money (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Arab Money (Remix Part One) Typed by: robtorres82@gmail.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo, somebody tell Steven Spielburg and George Lucas thank you for directing this movie! [Ron Browz] Hashi Miki Hallah! Means It's The Remix! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Verse One: Busta Rhymes] Look, you can talk about your money but I really don't care I'm into coppin strange shit, now I'm trying to buy air! (gasps) As the first black nigga that a rap trillionaire I control heat, I'm 'bout to buy the ozone layer! I'm into copping minerals now, diamonds and granite So much paper I could probably gift wrap a planet And clone a million Janets Respect my accomplishments Asalama Lakem Rak Ma Tullai Barigato! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Diddy) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Aiyyo Busta, we been gettin this money for a long time man check this out!) [Verse Two: Diddy] Hum Dillelah with my billions pilin Im just wylin bought 2 islands Laksh mi matalin diamonds is salmon Bout to buy 5th ave, bitch i'm just stylin Money insane While Jay was poppin bottles I was buyin out planes just to fly around Spain Fuck a recession, I'm still invested Bout to buy Dubai and swim in the shark section Fuck it, the dark section Bitch, that's the Barack section [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Diddy) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] (*Diddy) OHHH!!! (*We gettin Bad Boy money! We gettin Bad Boy money!) [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Aiyyo Busta, we been gettin this money for a long time man check this out!) [Verse Three: Ron Browz] You might catch me in a coup that cost 100 thous Haka La Shika means I love you Ron Browz My money make noise, yours quiet as a mouse Send an email Ether Boy's in the house All the girls love me, yeah i pop bubbly Haka Hashahi means shorty dumb ugly Find me on the dance floor doin the duggy Trucks sit high dude, next to your buggy [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Swizz Beatz) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (Don't even call me Swizz no more, call me Kasseem {?} Dean, my government is oils) [Verse Four: Swizz Beatz] When I come through, hit you with that brand new Bugatti Coupe Damn thang, only only sits two But you know who (who?) goon, who be ridin in my passenger Side, we be flyin shit, 2.5 in it Hey, h-hey-hey-HEY - I'm in my Jeezy watchin TV She call me Ha-Habeni while she feedin my linguini Left right, l-left right - that Arab dance poppin right Swizz Beatz, Busta Bus, the money money buss pipes [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (T-Pain) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (NAPPY BOYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse Five: T-Pain] I let my chain hang down with the rest of them Teddy Pain rain down on the rest of them Mr. stripper man that be hollerin get 'em man, I'm at 'em man Rubberband droppin money bombs like a Taliban AH LA LA!!!! We gettin Arab money (Money!) You want this hook you 'gon pay that money Save that money, give it to my kids I'll take that honey, give her all my kids like AH LA LA LAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Akon) {T-Pain} Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! {SWAG!!!} Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! {SWAG!!!} We gettin Arab money! {HEY!!} [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! (AKON!!!) Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin!  [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! {SWAG!!} (KONVICT!!! MUSIC!!!!) {NAPPY BOYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!} [Verse Six: Akon] I got that Arab money (money) Four-star Bismillah Hirrahman Nirrahim Straight cash when I come in Lemme exchange the currency 'cause it's all foreign I got that A-RAB MONEY!! Wakin up to five kinds, ya mind's in the money Diamond mines still runnin on all of Africa, you can ask Tarzan [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] (Akon) (*Lil' Wayne) Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (SENEGAL!!!!! SENEGAL!!!!!) [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! (HEY!!!) Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin!  [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! (KONVICT!!! MUSIC!!!!) (*Alright Bus!) [Verse Seven: Lil' Wayne] (Busta Rhymes) Calendar say I get money everyday Smile look like iced out Perrier Marry me a G and tell her kids that I was Now jump into your grave if you dig what I dug Cash Money Universal multi check Twenty chains look like a scarf on my neck Young Money Entertainment girls and fame (Adopt a mu'fucker in the money hall of fame, Arab money) [Chorus: Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! [Busta Rhymes] Bish Mi Allah Rak Mana Rahima! Hum Dillelah Iribel Al Amin! [Ron Browz] OHHH!!! We gettin Arab money! We gettin Arab money! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ P. Diddy Album: Genesis Song: Pass the Courvoisier Typed by: EaSyJHoLLA@aol.com [P.Diddy] w/ (Busta Rhymes) Oh yeah, I like this, ladies and gentlemen The time you all been waitin for (let's do it, do it, do it) This is a Bad Boy, Flipmode collaboration (Come on) [P. Diddy] Shake ya ass (come on), watch yourself (okay) I'm the man (let's go) and no one else Rrraah, rraah [Busta Rhymes] Like a dungeon dragon Still king of the flow, while my mink be draggin I said I'm sick with the flow, stick a dick in ya hoe Make them shut down the club, we threw a brick in da door [P. Diddy] Shit, I'm the number man, hot like Summer Jam [Busta] (Puff) Slick like Fonzarelli, and Rich like Cunningham I stretch them like rubber bands (I make them say) Oh shit, the bitch got up and left with another man  (Saaay what!?, wha is you talkin bout?) There's nothin to talk about (see), you just a walk about I light a long L, and just blowin the smoke about [P. Diddy] See, we serious wit it, they aint nothin to joke about [Busta] And while I scope it out, I love the way you bounce Shake ya shit tuck in ya ass in poke it out, come on [Chorus: Busta & P. Diddy] [Busta] Give me the Henny, you can give me the Cris You can pass me the Remi, but the pass the Courvoisier [Diddy] Give me the ass, you could give me the dough You can give me 'dro, but pass the Courvoisier [Busta] Give me some money, you can give me some cars But you can give me the bitch make sure you pass the Courvoisier [Diddy] Give me some shit, you can give me the cribs You can give me whaever just pass the Courvoisier [P. Diddy] We got these hoes lovin it They gettin familiar man, they screamin out my government (Sean John) I like them in twins like doublement (Don Juan) [Busta] We be bangin all types of chicks from here to (Hong Kong) The best dressed bitches actin all cute to my shit And get the wlyin out they actin like a boot to my shit Sorta go a distance from yours, we holdin Jewish money now Down to the credit card different from yours [Diddy] It's the law for me to get in ya drawers I run the city of cars, they call me Mr. Diddy, the boss You know me, the only G to willy a porshe [Busta] We get dough in all land the size of philly of course Can imagine the price that my jewlery really would cost We go to clubs with a briefcase and a half milli to floss (damn) Fuck around and you can really get tossed Ken Griffey flow, call me Alaska 'cause I be the king of the frost What you can do is [Hook: Busta] Five thousand boomin watts I got a thousand karats all over my watch Travel lighty, flow back easy Back with the bus-a-bus and the P.D We stay livin at the top of the charts The shit we be spittin, be state of the art We rockin ya block shit, wlyin like rock shit Strapped with the gun and the street corner hot shit [Diddy] Now we sittin' in the drop top pretty Knock, knock who is he? [Busta] Bus-a-bus, I put it down and this I get busy (Excuse me bus-a-bus) Full control of the city, if you aint know [Diddy] By the way, the name is Puff It aint my fault ya dane corrupt We went form Henny, to Remi to Moe to Belve to.. [Busta] The game is us; we gettin money motherfucker And the game we trust Everytime we put it down, reppin the name is a must Flipmode! [Chorus 2x] [P. Diddy] Yea, yea, yea just pass the Courvoisier Yea, pass me that louie that motherfuckin' that that iron groove Nineteen vintage motherfuckin' medievil  Ow, bitch. Yea, just pass the courvoisier That that shit make, that dark shit just me wanna fuck Straight up, I just need to know  Dis nigga Diddy dick hard as a..(*mumbles*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Busta Rhymes f/ P. Diddy, Pharell (The Neptunes) Album: Pass the Courvoisier 12" Song: Pass the Courvoisier Part 2 (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna [Busta Rhymes] Act a fool you better watch out (uh-huh) Hot shit be bringin the cops out (c'mon) Street niggaz is ringin them shots out [P. Diddy] Short circuit and blacken the blocks out Now open up the garage and pull the drops out Rockin the fur coat bringin the blue fox out [Busta Rhymes] Diamonds light up the block, runnin the blue rocks out (uh) Whylin till all of my crew knocks out (c'mon) [P. Did] Get yo' ass up on the floor [Rhymes] Huh, throw ya hands if you wan't some more (ho!!!) [P. Diddy] Baby, wiggle your crotch out, huh And peep the way we be blowin them spots out [Busta Rhymes] C'mon, look how we got 'em ready to act out Girl, I'm ready to give it twistin your back out (let's go) [P. Did] Drink yack till a nigga fallin out [Rhymes] Flat on his back now watch a nigga crawlin out, talk to me [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'mon) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say? (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! [P. Did] Girl, you need to shake it off [Rhymes] Too much hair on your cho-cha [P. Did] Then shave it off [Rhymes] C'mon, jump smack yo' ass and break it off [P. Did] And if it's too hot for y'all? [Rhymes] You need to take it off (that's right) [P. Did] In case you ain't knowin niggaz we on a roll now [Busta Rhymes] Diddy, like we done stumbled on a pot of gold now - c'mon Food spillin all out (yeah) of the bowl now, huh! Money thick, get harder to fold now - c'mon [P. Did] Ladies tell me if you're feelin {*alright*} [Rhymes] And are you sure that you up for doin it {*all night*} [P. Did] I like this [Busta Rhymes] Listen, before you ass bet, nigga We wreck shit and we ain't even blacked yet (c'mon) [P. Diddy] Niggaz all around and police rapidly shut down the block [Busta Rhymes] And the club ain't even packed yet - c'mon Nuff drinkin at the bar hold it down whylin out 'til the club is closed down, talk to me [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'mon) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! [Bridge] (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna [Rhymes] Rob a bank my nigga, cash rule [P. Did] Bust it, let's get this money and act like a damn fool [Rhymes] Fuck it, act stupid and jump in the damn pool - huh! [P. Did] Bone bitches and me and they man's cool [Busta Rhymes] C'mon, shit I'm sayin, just put your bank up, nigga Put me and Diddy together you bankrupt - c'mon [P. Diddy] Fly niggaz we full of finesse y'all, yeah! [Busta Rhymes] Me and my niggaz is fittin to bless y'all - c'mon Don't talk about it, be about it - SHUT UP!!! Live niggaz come and be around it - WHATTUP!! C'MON; rep to the fullest now - huh! These niggaz ain't knowin how we gon' put it down - c'mon Cock, aim and shoot [P. Did] to spray it down [Rhymes] Steamrollin you niggaz [P. Did] and lay it down [Rhymes] Niggaz frontin with they thug image [P. Did] but we pay them no mind [Rhymes] Now drink until the bottle finished, talk to me [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'monn) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! [Bridge] (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna (JUMP JUMP!!!!) Don't this shit make a nigga wanna [Chorus: Pharell] + (Busta Rhymes) I said Busta (whassup son?) You leave them girl rollin... and it look like (c'mon) They asses is swollen (and they ass gettin big now) But if your man babysittin (uh-huh) then what you gon' say (What we gon' tell 'em man?) We gon' tell that nigga (Pass the Courvoisier) We gon' tell that brotha (Pass the Courvoisier) Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Everybody sing it now {*Pass the Courvoisier*} Waah oooooooooooo oh!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Carey, Mariah f/ Puff Daddy Album: Butterfly Song: Honey Honey got me hooked on you I like that ooh, ooh Come on, come on MC, MC ooh, ooh Nah nah nah nah nah nah Nah nah Nah nah nah nah nah nah Nah nah nah nah nah   [Repeat twice] Honey you can have me When you want me You simply ask me to be there (a huh) And you're the only one Who makes me come running Cause what you got Is far beyond compare (ooh) CHORUS: And it's just like honey When your love comes over me Oh baby I've got a dependancy Always strung out For another taste of your honey It's like honey When it rushes over me You know sugar never ever was so sweet And I'm dying for you Crying for you I adore you Boy you know your love addected me And I'm strung out on you, darling Don't you see Every night and day  I can hardly wait For another taste of honey Honey I can't describe How good it feels inside (yeah, yeah) Honey I can't describe How good it feels inside Yeah, ooh Oh, I can't be elusive with you honey (I like that) Cause it's blatant that I'm feeling you And it's too hard for me to leave abruptly You're the only thing I wanna do CHORUS Baby I can love you babe (Tell the world we won't stop Mariah you're on fire) Gotta hold on love thy saints (Tell the world we won't stop Mariah take us higher) ooohh (Tell the world we won't stop Mariah you're on fire) ooohh (Tell the world we won't stop Mariah take us higher) (Breakdown) Oooh, woah Every little thing you do (Now what we gonna do right here, we gonna smooth it out, come on) Ooh, woah, honey, got me hooked on you (MC, and she won't stop) Honey, it's like CHORUS till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Carey, Mariah f/ Puff Daddy, Mase, The Lox, Black Rob Album: Honey 12" Song: Honey (Remix) Typed by: janis@betatesters.com Intro: Mariah Carey & Puff Daddy oh, oh Honey got me hooked on you I like that, uh I thought I told you That we won't stop ooh, ooh (Come on) Verse 1: The Lox, Black Rob, Mariah Carey All the money in the world couldn't even amount To a teaspoon of honey that'll melt in your mouth (That's right) It's The Lox and Mariah you know you check'n this out You know they deal a few meals every time she come out With her blown And us flown There ain't nuthin left for us to talk about But a whole lot of doe And every current affiar We there Keepin' your hands in the air Like we just don't care (Come On) Don't be a lier Would you change your attire (MC) Get a bomb like Hillshire Wit the honey like Mariah Sceam to the ranch then ride a horse Then come back to the city pushin' a Rolls Royce Honey you can have me When you want me You simply ask me to be there (a huh) And you're the only one Who makes me come running Cause what you got Is far beyond compare, ooh Chorus: Mariah Carey And it's just like honey When your love comes over me (That's right) Oh baby I've got a dependancy Always strung out For another taste of your honey (Uh huh) When it rushes over me You know sugar never ever was so sweet And I'm dying for you Crying for you I adore you Boy you know your love addected me And I'm strung out on you, darling Don't you see Every night and day  I can hardly wait For another taste of honey Honey I can't describe How good it feels inside (yeah, yeah) Honey I can't describe How good it feels inside Verse 2: Mariah Carey Yeah, ooh Oh, I can't be elusive with you honey (I like that) Cause it's blatant that I'm feeling you And it's too hard for me to leave abruptly You're the only thing I wanna do Chorus: Mariah Carey And it's just like honey When your love comes over me Oh baby I've got a dependancy Always strung out For another taste of your honey Verse 3: Mase, Mariah Carey You know Mase huff, We Puff We blow your house down Bring that Harlem world sound Directly to your town, In fact This is why I act like that I ain't dropped one single And I made this money back I rock so swell, I gotta prevail First rap superstar dominating pop sales You never wish me well cause it start to sell And it land me with pretty women in the Swiss hotel And girls that mean a lot I get em from the shop Buy them everything they got From the jeans to the watch You wanna be my misses You gotta meet me wanna spoil you with my bitches And you could tell that Mase is real Cause he do real things And I make things thats average look real mean When it comes to sex I got the real thing So when you cover your mouth they could hear you still scream Baby I can love you babe (Harlem World we won't stop Mariah you're on fire) Gotta hold on love thy saints (Harlem World we won't stop Mariah take us higher) ooohh (Harlem World we won't stop Mariah you're on fire) ooohh (Harlem World we won't stop Mariah take us higher) (Breakdown) Oooh, woah (Yeah) Every little thing you do (Now what we gonna do right here, we gonna smooth it out, come on) Ooh, woah, honey, got me hooked on you (MC, and she won't stop) Honey, it's like Chorus: Mariah Carey Honey when it rushes over me You know sugar never ever was so sweet And I'm dying for you Crying for you I adore you Boy you know your love addected me And I'm strung out on you, darling Don't you see Every night and day  I can hardly wait For another taste of honey Repeat til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cassie f/ Diddy, Yung Joc Album: Me & U 12" Song: Me & U (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: damez7@gmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1 - Diddy] Been a minute, back up in it 'Bout to lean on it, the thuggin' they love it When I do my thing on it, the ring leader The head, heart's, whatchu' want These dude's couldn't save half of what I flaunt I'm a terror, N-Y forever, been around the world I'm New York where ever, I shut it down Like the gate's was closed, he's the who's-who's Of what he on, now he know, 'Iller to Illinois The Bad Boys, keep a couple of toys And I'm back to Phil'A-Roy, so much swag He's a style aroma's, the game of pick-up Whatever I'm done with Step ahead and I'm sittin' on paper I'm old dude, with street cred' of a gangsta So how you want it, you could get it, cause I got it I ride around, with your life in my pocket (Cassie, talk to em!) [Verse 2 - Cassie] You've been waiting so long I'm here to answer your call, (This is the remix) I know that I shouldn't have Had you waiting at all, (This is the remix, her name is Cassie) I've been so bu-sy, but I've been thinking 'bout- what I wanna do - (Ey, yo yo, take it back to the top, take it back from the top right now ey-yo, Cassie start all over!) *DJ Scratching* You've been waiting so long I'm here to answer your call I know that I shouldn't have had you waiting at all I've been so bu-sy, but I've been thinking 'bout- what I wanna do wit you I know them other guys, they've been talking 'bout the way I do what I do They heard I was good, they wanna see if it's true They know your the one I wanna give it to I can see you want me too Now it's Me & U [Chorus - Cassie] It's Me & U now, (Uh) I've been waiting, (Waitin) Think I'm gonna make that move now Baby Tell me if you like it, (Tell me if you like it) It's Me & U now I've been waitin Think I'm gonna make that move now Baby tell me if how like it [Verse 3 - Cassie] I was waitin for you to tell me you were ready I know what to do if only you would let me As long as your cool with it I'll treat ya right Here is where you wanna be I know them other guys, they've been talkin 'bout the way I do what I do They heard I was good they wanna see if it's true They know you are the one I wanna give it to I can see you want me too And now it's Me & U [Chorus - Cassie] It's Me & U now, (Uh) I've been waiting, (Waitin) Think I'm gonna make that move now Baby Tell me if you like it, (Tell me if you like it) (This is the remix) It's Me & U now, (Bad Boy baby!) I've been waitin, (Ey-yo Joc!) Think I'm gonna make that move now Baby tell me if how like it [Verse 4 - Yung Joc] Cassie let me talk to you for a second Lil mama, when you do it, you do it so well If you kiss, promise I won't tell When you make daddy, wanna' rock your bell Turn off the lights, let my ship set sail Yell my name, we can take it to the floor Like to explore, baby go and let it go The best you ever had, yeah I already know So tell them other suckers, 'Baby go and hit the door' And you know I'm for game, baby I been there done that Young J-O-C, yeah he's that one cat Let's go and grind, and he make that money stack Play by play baby just like it runnin' back Take three call baby come go, with me We can vacate somewhere, overseas Just 'Me & U', yeah it's how it's supposed to be Kick ya' shoes off, baby keep close to me [Bridge - Cassie] Baby I'll love you all the way down (Uh) Get you right where you like it (This is the remix) I promise you'll like it (I swear) (Yeah_ Just relax and let me make that move (It's our secret babe) We'll keep it between Me & U (As we proceed) [Chorus - Cassie] It's Me & U now, (Uh) I've been waiting, (Waitin) Think I'm gonna make that move now Baby Tell me if you like it, (Tell me if you like it) It's Me & U now I've been waitin Think I'm gonna make that move now Baby tell me if how like it {*Fade until end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clinton Sparks f/ Black Rob, P. Diddy Album: Maybe You Been Brainwashed Song: Knock Em Out Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [P. Diddy] Let's go (c'mon!) don't stop (B.R.!) Let's go (c'mon!) don't stop Let's go (Bad Boy yeah) don't stop (no doubt, yeah) Let's go, don't stop (we startin over) [Chorus: repeat 2X] Let's go (knock 'em out the box Black) Don't stop (knock 'em out Black) Let's go (knock 'em out the box Black) Don't stop (knock 'em out Black) [Verse One: Black Rob] Can't please e'rybody all the time So I reflect on all the grind and put it all on the line Like a scale from one to ten, I move you in That paper come up short and I'll do you in You avoidin a head-on collision (yeah) Pay insert incision, I'm the pinpoint precision Nigga play himself short to react I'm about to see green, like I'm right next door in a cat Up North ain't a option, use your own logic I could get a nigga killed for a pair of full {?} Funny how they turn dumb Like I ain't the one that showed 'em like I ain't the one they learned from The teacher, a.k.a. Mr. Fuck-a-Feature Next year make you wear, he rock his own fuckin sneaker That's what's strivin dude, light blue drivin shoe Love when you drivin through [Chorus] - 2X [Verse Two: Black Rob] I'm untouchable, I move with them 'lices I'm 'bout to bake my own cake with the icing This one of them things to see who the nicest Put your money on Black, that nigga priceless Niggaz came aboard and they lost it Tell me how the fuck you play to win, lose my forfeit Now a nigga pokin your stuff Guess it coulda been your wife, you just ain't focusin enough Last year you were sickin it to 'em Said she was spendin your dough, he has in his cell lickin his wounds Nigga would, write, write the shit he gon' do to y'all Drug program can't do to hold two for Ten months is a knock at your do' Bustin a bill, almost standin six feet tall UPS doo-doo brown suit and hat You don't suspect, therefore you sign for the package Shook, open up the box and look Ten seconds was all it took, then BOOM! {*explosion*} And with that I'll be done I ain't gotta pull my gun to make you do run-run [Chorus] - w/ variations, then normal 2X Knock 'em out the box Black The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Clinton Sparks f/ P. Diddy, Miri Ben-Ari * Album: Maybe You Been Brainwashed Song: Run This City Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * Miri Ben-Ari plays violin - no vocal performance [P. Diddy] Hehe, c'mon As we proceed, to give you what you need Muh'fuckers - I like this right here c'mon Hit it Bad Boy, we here now We still ain't gon' stop, c'mon [Verse One: P. Diddy] Why do cats wanna hate on a boss, straight to Azor Do petty shit that a coward'll do Cop little toys like I should be proud of you I got 2, one platinum one powder blue Cop cars while you still rentin Tell time from the Chapard{?}, Frank Mueller{?} or Million Mill Clintons Platinum Presidential, to keep it simple Half of y'all couldn't get into what I get into I know niggaz pressed to stick me, that's why I pack glocks that hold shots, nuttin less than 50 Niggaz try they best to get me, I see you in the rearview switchin lanes tryin to get on same exits with me Tryin to peep where I live at, where I sleep Where my kids at, don't do that I have fools with tools, where your kids go to school at Where you break food, where you think everything cool at Where you niggaz get bricks at, take shits at Count cash, take baths, fuck your bitch at Who you niggaz tryin to stick up? I have lions with irons to pick up, your bitch, when she pick her wig up I know niggaz wanna see me shot, lean to the left In the drop, holdin my chest, wheezin for breath Can't see me goin out on no meaningless death Y'all wanna stick me let me see if y'all can get me now [Chorus 2X - scratches] "I run this city" "who else but me" "the boss" "Trust me" - "I'm a Bad Boy!" "You you you rockin with the best" "Don't worry if I write rhymes, I write checks" [Verse Two: P. Diddy] FUCK Y'ALL just don't wanna see me fly YOU KILLED B.I.G., y'all niggaz seen me cry That ain't enough? Y'all wanna see me die? What man say P.D. scared, he lied Hate on me, cause I got the keys to the city You wanna see me get Notorious without Biggie See me without The L.O.X., say I ain't jiggy See me without Ma$e, say I ain't pretty Wanna dress in all black, ride what's mine? Take my shine? Hate on the ball, straight 'til it's all? Mad cause I got the total package and more Faith in my shit, y'all keep hatin my shit I'ma keep hittin y'all, in the face with these hits I got the real Queen Bee, don't fuck with my bitch And I gave y'all the blueprints on how to ball But you niggaz still pray for my downfall [Verse Three: P. Diddy] FUCK Y'ALL cause I'm bad and the boy get papers Is it the looks, the wheels, the skills, the flavor? House on the hill, hundred acres, no neighbors You can't hate this 90's Lee Majors I'm top pedigree, I show you what cheddar be Auto-trey nigga as y'all DuPont registry Gear I wear for whatever the weather be Gators, the flavors, the colors my leathers be You smile in my face but behind my back gossip Plot shit, wanna get me shot to the noggin Have Justin cryin, who got my pop hit? Lyin, tryin to tie me to that B.I.G. and 'Pac shit I can't, don't, and won't stop And y'all, can't, so don't pop I told y'all I got thugs on the payroll Gotta lay low and get up in the anal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Danity Kane f/ Diddy, Yung Joc Album: Danity Kane Song: Showstopper (Remix) Typed by: bigngreasy2006@yahoo.com [Hook, Shannon lead vocal] We in the car, we ride slow We doin' things that the girls don't do The boys stare, we smile back All my girls in the rainbow Cadillacs, yeah [Diddy talkin] Ya'll wanna be stars I'll make you a a star check this out [Diddy] I keep the hood of that Coupe warm, wrinkle free suits on Her hand shake from me, a redeemable coupon Knowing me will get you all the little perks So you need to double back, throw that auto in reverse It's pure beauty, can finally put a face to it So never stop shorty girl, leak break fluid Tonight pedicures, walkin on better floors Beat it in your S don, Jimmy Choo, better stores I been around the globe, my english is rusty Trust me, you can hear that ocean when you touch me I know you due for sale, you ain't gettin stepped on Or overlooked, pardon me, forgive me, my name's Sean [Aubrey] Show stoppin' at the latest spot The ride shinin' with the open top Hydraulics make our heads go nod Hair blowin' in the breeze, yeah we superstars [D. Woods] Put in the keys, make that engine purr 3 in the back, one in the passenger Slow creepin', 'cause we look that fly All the boys tryin' taste our candy ride [Chorus, Shannon lead vocal] We in the car, we ride slow We doin' things that the girls don't do The boys stare, we smile back All my girls in the rainbow Cadillacs, yeah [Hook] Bet you ain't never seen (hey), Chicks ridin' this clean (hey) Louis Vuitton seats, we do it deadly (oh, oh, oh) That's how we keep it poppin' (hey), make sure that bass knockin' (hey) So when you see us ridin', we call it show stoppin' (oh, oh, oh) We show stoppin', We show, show stoppin' We show stoppin', We show, show stoppin' That's how we keep it poppin' (hey), make sure that bass knockin' (hey) So when you see us riding, we call it show stoppin' (oh, oh, oh) [Aundrea] We sittin' on 22s plus 2 Mink bucket seats, neon blue Color coordinate with them shoes Yeah, we divas, but we ride like big boys do [D. Woods] Black tinted with a white stripe interstate Lookin' in the mirror at my Bad Boy fitted, yup Show stoppin' 'til they lose they breath Turn the wheel to the right, turn the wheel to the left [Chorus, Shannon lead vocal] [Hooks] [Dawn] This is for my ladies in the 280s Mercedes In the H3, Baby Ranges, Bentley Coupes, my Esca-ladies Say oh (oh), oh (oh, oh) Break 'em off somethin' proper like a real show stopper [Group, Aubrey lead vocal] This is for my chicas with the Beamers A6s '67 Chevys, Maserati, or a Lexus Say oh, (oh), oh (oh,oh ) Break 'em off somethin' proper like a real show stopper [Yung Joc] Hey shawty, please believe, you ain't never seen chicks like this before Thousand dollar jeans with them candy 6 4's Louis V sneaks, matchin' Louis V seats See a swagger like no other, so them other's can't compete Independent and discrete, check her VDS piece Melt in ya mouth like M&Ms, capish She do whatever she wanna do, money out the ying yang Blowin a dollar and the change, in the Rover switchin lanes I'ma take her under my wings, I'ma teach her things She say she got paper cuts from countin all this change Tell her meet the parents, like Ben Stiller Baby say she want them karats and them chinchillas [Hook, Shannon lead vocal] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Felli Fel f/ Akon, Diddy, Ludacris, and Lil' Jon Album: Go DJ! Song: Get Buck in Here Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Akon - Intro] (DJ Felli Fel) {Lil Jon} CHEA! It's that incredible shit (Talk to 'em) There's too many beautiful ladies in the house tonight, Felli... {HEY!!} I think we need to hit 'em off with somethin proper somethin... (Okay...WHOO!) [Diddy] They call me Diddy! (DJ Felli Fel) [Akon] Testing one, two, three! [Diddy] Testin one, two, three Check this out, listen to me Listen... It's tricky, I'm picky baby, but I just spotted you Doin your thang, G-string, shoe-string point of view HEY - lend me ya body, you got me in a zone (c'mon) Bet a million and a half cash, I can make you explode (OWW!!) You don't wanna brave the cold, you want a day of Combs I can take you on outer limits away from home (Where your bills pile?) I'm whylin fo' sho in a middle of the club doin a rodeo show (hey) The hoes seem steamy, wet dreamy Invisible sets gleamy; (incredible sex) you need me Ease me, please me baby I may be am a little crazy, but in a way that they playa-pay me [Chorus: Akon] (DJ Felli Fel) Don't make me get BUCK IN HERE!!!!! Shorty drop it to the ground like she ain't got manners Too much booty for one man to handle When all I need is a one-night scandal And I'ma get BUCK IN HERE!!!!!! DAMN, lil' mama, know you fit my standards You're the type that make me grip that handle Lick shots in the air, bustin that random While you make it clap-clap-clap-clap-clap (You gotta shake that thang, shake that thang) While you make it clap-clap-clap-clap-clap (Just shake that thang, shake that thang) [Ludacris] Okay...LUDA..let's go! She can make it clap like a standin ovation! Spin like my record at your radio station Feel the sen-sation, I put it right there They be like, "LUDA!!", I be like "He-yeaaaaah!!" You like it like that, (WOO!) don't cha baby? (yeah) The flow's insane, and the stroke is crazy (okay) I stroke so good like Tiger Woods  Then I, ROWRR!!, like a tiger would My livelihood is not Hollywood I'm still Southside Atlanta, that's a lively hood A circus, +Big Top+ like Ringling Brothers If you wanna learn somethin, (what?) bring your mother! (hey!) Sit back and observe, invite your friends We can mix it all up, like juice and gin Felli on the celly with a couple of twins Cause tonight, damn RIGHT! We gon' do it again [Diddy] Aiyyo...aiyyo Felli, brotha let me hit this one more time Listen, women lace 'em, G4 jet flyin Twist 'em crooked, cell phone number's private (c'mon) Flip 'em, change 'em, prissy I'm bougie, the hood Game 'em, taste 'em, trizzies I run 'em, I'm good (OW!!) Leather or, silk, I melt them all (talk to e'm) Love 'em, leave 'em, give 'em hell fo' sure (don't stop) Tell 'em words they mind and soul deserve (don't stop) Or, give 'em, things the might prefer (keep it goin) San Tropez or Mandarin sweet massage 'em (keep it goin) Pimp, game 'em, grants and Benz I charge 'em Used to style 'em, now I just Virgin Isle 'em (talk to 'em) Karma Sutra, freaky and leavin 'em smilin [Lil' Jon - as music stops] Hold up, bust that shit! Fuck that shit! (Yo-yo-yo-yo) It's yo' boy Lil' Jon! (YEAH!) Time to TAKE THIS MOTHERFUCKER TO ANOTHER LEVELLLLLL!!! (Let's GO!!) Hahaha! Y'all ain't ready... [beat change to crunk-style] Get yo' motherfuckin hands up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) A-get yo' motherfuckin hands up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) A-throw yo' motherfuckin drinks up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) A-throw yo' motherfuckin drinks up! - HEY! (Put 'em up! Put 'em up!) NOW GET BUCK IN THIS BITCH! BUCK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) BUCK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) BUCK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! (GET) CRUNK IN THIS BITCH! HEEEEEEY!!! (Heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey) [Diddy] Aiyyo Felli, you a fool for that one, man A-HA!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Khaled f/ Busta Rhymes, Diddy, Fabolous, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Swizz Beatz, T-Pain Album: All I Do Is Win 12" Song: All I Do Is Win (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com  [Khaled] D, J, Khaled! ['Kiss] AH-HAHHH! [Swizz] Showtime! [Khaled] This the remix [T-Pain] Hey! Yeah [Khaled] We the best! [Chorus: T-Pain] + (Swizz Beatz) All I do is win win win no matter what Got money on my mind (yeah) I can never get enough (right) Whenever me and Khaled do the remix (what's up?) Everybody hands go UP! (Ay, SHOWTIME!) And they stay there (bounce) and they say yeah (right) And they stay there (right) up down up down up down Cause all I do is WIN, WIN, WIN And if you goin in put yo' hands in the air (c'mon!) Make 'em stay there! [DJ Khaled] + (T-Pain) We the Best music DJ Khaled, I'm goin in! Sittin on the top flo', what you think I'm hot fo'? Every summer drop mo' hits to make my stock go (UP!) Them hands go (UP!) Them fans go (UP!) I'm #1 in this bitch and I'ma (STAY THERE!) We the best of the best, grind while you haters asleep I'm yellin "Free Weezy," I rep the heart of the streets Who hotter than me? Khaled! I'm wearin the crown And we can't stop, won't stop, GO HATE ON ME NOW! [Rick Ross] Teflon Don! I can never get enough when it comes to gettin 'fetti Niggaz ain't ready for my Ferrari Scaglietti Mario Andretti, money comin fast My honeycomb hideout is made of all glass I can never be a racist; wake up every morning  just to count white faces, Neo in +The Matrix+ Glorious as Morpheus, employed all warriors  I'm mean as a scorpion, Dr. Kevorkian [Busta Rhymes] + (T-Pain) FIRE AND BRIMSTONE!!!!! Yeah! Everytime I come you gotta know a nigga come to get alot of money when I'm in the buildin and I come Said a ain't no motherfuckin body BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! Uh-huh, ok, niggaz know I got it when I hit you with the pitter-patter Whenever they see me then you hear alot of chitter-chatter Niggaz know there ain't nobody BETTER BETTER BETTER BETTER!!!! I watch alot of niggaz when I'm in the cut {HUH!!!} So sick when I come and hit 'em in the gut {OH!!!} You will crown me king (No matter what!) Get 'em!!! Ok let's shine my friend, get up on my grind again Some niggaz should be happy that I chose to rhyme with them CAUSE!!!!! [Diddy] Aiyyo turn me up man, I want 'em to hear me Aiyyo check this out.. Her heart racing like she snort cocaine (c'mon) I got a billion reasons you should know my whole name {DIDDY}  Got the most paper, Mr. New York Times I'm a natural born winner, nigga New York MINE'S! (Mine!) Everybody gettin money, but I cop the first six (uh-huh) Now I run the game so I toss the first pitch (yeah) Yeah I let you wife her, but she's still my first bitch (that's MY bitch!) It's less than nine digits - nigga THAT ain't fuckin rich, motherfucker! [Nicki Minaj] Uhh, aiyyo all I do is win, ain't that the reason that you really mad? Undisputed, hailin all the way from Trinidad I ain't mad ma, I see you on your bummy swag I'm in that money green Jag, lotta money bags I told Khaled you the best but I'm the bestest Better run for cover if your name is on my checklist You could talk slick, all the way down to the welfare Ask the IRS bitch, I'm payin for your healthcare [Fabolous] LOOK!!! I'ma make this here official, let me clear some issues First off I am not for Brittney Spears initials That's no B.S., at yo' request Lean back you and yo' crew, Fat Joe, T.S. Yeah it's Young Funeral, all black on me So act like summer's over, and fall back homey Winnin is all I do, I'll answer all of you But y'all ain't sayin shit, like prank callers do [Jadakiss] Uhh, uhh, uhh Win, win, win, AH-HAHHH! Uhh, yeah, yo It's already proven I got them birds movin All I do is win, I'm allergic to losin Yellow gold Cuban, nine-mill' ruegin I'll show you what to do with 'em, finish 'em I'm through with 'em They 'gon have to jump me, it's 'gon take a few of them They don't want no problems, they might end up suing them Disassociate yourself, have nothin to do with them We already got it yeah, we tryin to get two of them AH-HAHHH! [Fat Joe] Yeah! Yo... I just blew trial, Crack lots' is Little Italy Your wife, she a screamer, yellin, "Slow down Joe, you killin me!" Beat her like a prize fight, mami I'm a rude boy Dude just hit the Powerball, everyday a new toy  Nigga it's a stick up, a motherfuckin robbery I done did some things that have Haitian Jack proud of me Ridin through Harlem (Harlem!) me and Jeezy pardon me Puffy surfin on the hood for niggaz that keep doubtin me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tha Dogg Pound f/ Diddy, Snoop Dogg Album: Cali Iz Active Song: It's Craccin' All Night Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com {Snoop Dogg in background} [Daz Dillinger] Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this [Snoop Dogg] Bad Boy [Diddy]   DPG     DPG [Snoop Dogg] Bad Boy [Diddy]   DPG [Daz Dillinger] Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this [Snoop Dogg] Wow [Diddy]   As we proceed (As we proceed) {Coast to coast}     To give y'all what y'all need (Come on, man) {Everywhere we go}     Super powers have united (You know what time it is) {Keep it crack-a-lackin'}     DPG (DPG)     The Bad Boy empire (Bad Boy, baby) {We keep it crack-a-lackin'}     E-Swiss (Come on) {What, we keep it crack-a-lackin'}     Worldwide (Ay yo) {Wha-wha, what, what}     Let's show 'em what happens when kings get together (International) Chorus: [Daz Dillinger] It's crackin' all night [Snoop Dogg] Coast to coast, just everywhere we go     You know [Daz Dillinger] It's crackin' all night [Snoop Dogg] Bustin' a hoe     Gettin' a dough     On the low [Daz Dillinger] It's crackin' all night [Snoop Dogg] DPG     Bad Boy for life [Daz Dillinger] It's crackin' all night     Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this [Verse 1: Daz Dillinger] The party jumpin', jumpin', jumpin' The place packed (???) 'round here, don't know how to act, act We buy alcohol, nigga, buy the racks We balled out, spendin' shit by the stacks Can I get a hey (HEY!) Can I get a ho (HO!) Dogg Pound Gangstas and Bad Boy Here we go We bustin' heads with a Moet bottle {*glass break*} Strike the ass out Me and my niggas go full-throttle Cause 'Cris naked So we 'bout To get it started Get it, Dogg Pound nigga, we 'bout, to get retarded And we comin' with them bangin' beats, (???) and dumpin' Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this Repeat Chorus [Verse 2: Kurupt] What they know about some gangsta shit Bang some shit Scrappin' lane to lane, some shit Explain some shit You on the strip, wind shit Explain this, dick When did you come in the shit The ten in shit Fifth and the ten-inch clips I been in this shit Been sinnin' shit, in and shit We'll end the shit Started, begin the shit Horrendous shit Stretch and bend the shit When you attended, what the fuck did you intended, shit From attendin' ship, been doin' this since ten and shit Cock back and spin this shit, relentless bitch And I'm a jack you and your heartless relentless bitch Repeat Chorus Pre-Verse: [Snoop Dogg] All I see is asses poppin', droppin', stoppin', cuz [Daz Dillinger] Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this [Snoop Dogg] In the streets, we the raw niggas you wanna fuck with [Daz Dillinger] Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this (Verse 3) (Diddy in background) [Snoop Dogg] Big motherfuckin' Snoop Dogg, I'm pimpin'     Bitches     Hoes     Ladies     Listen     Buster-ass niggas pay attention, pay homage     Fat-mouth the Dogg and I'm straight up the heart [Diddy]  Now everybody know that California and New York, we rockin'     Never ever try to run up on us, cowards, you don't want it     All the chickenheads scream where they hear "It's Diddy" (They know my name)     Twenty thousand dollar jeans, when I chill with 50 [Snoop Dogg] I got the gangsta party crackin' in the back, in fact     I got them dub sacs to highlight ya whole night     Doggy Dogg is a hog, and a boss, and a gangsta     Gangsta groove and rich, rollin' a cube, and boss up, nigga [Diddy]  Who want want with Sean "Puff" Da Don     Dutch Don Juon with Sean Don, I'm Sean John     What you know about DPG [Snoop Dogg] Cause everybody know that DPGC, Bad Boy niggas run this (And Bad Boy) [Snoop Dogg (Diddy in background)] Yeah (Ya motherfuckers know what time it is) We run this Like I say, mayne (United Nations) From the Big Apple (Bounce) All the way back to the Wild Wild West (Bounce) It is what it is (Eastside to the westside) Dig it (Bounce) Crack-a-lack it (Yeah) All night (We ain't goin' no where) This what it do, boy (We invented this shit) [Diddy (Snoop Dogg in background)] Ay yo, Snoop I love how you did this shit Daz, Kurupt They can't keep us apart (Bad Boy) DPG L.A., I love ya, west coast (Bad Boy) Bay Area (Bad Boy) Y'all know how we do New York (Bad) Ha ha (I'm really a Bad Boy) And I been a Dogg Pound Gangsta For life, for life, for life Internationally known Man, don't be scared Be down or lay down, bitch Only the strong survive, the weak shall perish And we still here We ain't going nowhere East to the west Unite North, south, y'all get down, too Let's rock Ah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eightball f/ P. Diddy Album: Almost Famous Song: Stop Playin' Games Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [P. Diddy] Shit nigga.. A ho is a ho A ho a-, shit, heheh I'm strictly referring to them ho-ass niggaz, feel me? I go by the name of that boy Diddy This is my man Fatboy, you know Eightball niggaz, that's right, heh [Eightball] Yea, I pull up with my niggaz, you know it's on and poppin I'm the fattest mack, so everybody watchin My Timbo's ain't scuffed, hydro, I got enough That kind that make you choke, everytime you take a puff Them real playaz chief it, nothin but ballers keep it You could smell it on my clothes so it ain't no secret Rag on my head, braids to the back Gimme that Grey Goose, and put that 'gnac back I'm on another level, bitches I got several Don't try to rob me, I got that heavy metal You in the dirt now, you underground now Can't make a sound now, you wanna clown now? [Hook: 2x] Stop playin games ho It's about that money you makin You playin games ho Ain't 'bout no talkin or fakin Stop playin games ho It's about the life you livin You playin games ho Look at all this money you missin [Eightball] Yo what's the deal pimpin, I'm so for real pimpin I get my Cinderella with unbroken seals pimpin I flip a big truck (big truck) with some big rims (big rims) I get my dick sucked (dick sucked) When I pull out the Benz (pull out the Benz) Switchin CD's (CD's) watchin DVD's (DVD's) Now MLK (MLK) in my SUV (SUV) Pigeons jockin me, they wanna ride wit me You gotta be down ho, like Bobby Brown and Whitney I'm not gorilla pimpin, but I keep them killas wit me Yo you for real nigga, think you can deal wit me? You got a couple of guns, you know a couple of dudes You need to shut your mouth, this what you need to do [Hook: 2x] [Eightball] Listen carefully, lemme tell you somethin This song is dedicated, to niggaz out there bumpin Talkin too much, fakin, shakin, frontin You got a lot to say and didn't nobody ask you nothin Might get yo' jaw broke, might get yo' wig split Might get yo' car shot up, might get yo' dough kicked Might get you kidnapped, might get yo' neck snapped Don't get your feelings hurt thinkin this is just a rap To all you little mamas, that wanna get my number After the show is over, you wanna come on over You wanna sip Mo', you wanna smoke 'dro Ask me twenty questions, this ain't no talk show I'm not ya boyfriend, I'm not ya husband I'm not ya sugar daddy, I'm not ya best friend Don't need no best man, don't need no wedding band Close ya mouth, and listen close to what I'm sayin [Hook: 2x] Stop playin games ho You playin games ho  [Repeat 8x] Stop playing games ho.. Now stop playin (I ain't playin wit y'all!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Elephant Man f/ Diddy, Wyclef Jean Album: Five O 12" Song: Five O Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Elephant Man] One Jamaican linked with Haitian [Diddy] (Elephant Man)(*Wyclef Jean): Y'all know Elephant Man on Bad Boy?! This is a Bad Boy Records, VP Productions! They call me Diddy, Elephant Man (Dem fi know!!!) Wyclef!!! (*Once upon a time I got my visa) Worldwide production! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they cant find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Ele! If the feds did draw you (Who?) What you 'gon do?!!! (Nah go run him dung and go awhile him a go give him a clue) If you gave him consignment he said you'll have the money (Betta disappear cause then you will miss him mi a go dun him) Now if he run to the cops and you see him on the block (BRAGGA!!! BRAP!!! COPPA A GO FIRE NON STOP!!!!) Now you in front of the judge!!!! (Two years a cowboy lost time, dem fi know a more than that we run!!!) [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they cant find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Verse 2: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) So watch out for informers!!!! (Informers!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) I'm talkin bout informers!!! (Informers!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) Watch out for the snitches!!! (Snitches!!!Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-M-Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) I'm talkin bout informers!!! (Informers!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) Trust me you don't care if your baby (If your baby) Just born (Just born) The handcuffs he 'gon, put them on (Put them on) He don't care if you, lost your job (Don't care) This your gonna find yourself locked up behind the bars  They don't care!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they cant find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Bridge: Diddy] So all my ghetto soldiers out there!!! Drive safely, beware, there out there, you feel me?! Becareful, be safe, protect yourself Bad Boy!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! Come on man Elephant Man's on Bad Boy now!!! [Outro: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man)  Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Elephant Man f/ Assassin, Diddy, Swizz Beatz, Wyclef Jean & Yung Joc Album: Let's Get Physical Song: Five O (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Elephant Man] One Jamaican linked with Haitian [Diddy] (Elephant Man)(*Wyclef Jean): Y'all know Elephant Man on Bad Boy?! This is a Bad Boy Records, VP Productions! They call me Diddy, Elephant Man (Dem fi know!!!) Wyclef!!! (*Once upon a time I got my visa) This is the remix!!!! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) (*Swizz Beatz) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they can't find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! (*Aww man y'all know who it is?) [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin (*It's me, why y'all wanna stop me man I just put the...) Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! (*I just put these things on my car man! I told you!) [Verse 1: Swizz Beatz] Once you hear the police hatin (Hatin) Cause we makin money WOO!!! WOO!!! Hatin (Hatin) Tryin to take it from me Chillin in my Beemer, listenin to Ether Smokin my reefa, can't find it either Gun in my stashbox can't get it either Money in the bank, Swizz can't get it either (Pull Over The Car!!!) Hands Up! Freeze ! Fr-Freeze! Fr-Freeze! Fr-Freeze! It's me snitches!!!! [Verse 2: Elephant Man] Alright! Siren a flash I'm caught with di glock from run inna real roadblock (Yeah!) Nah get panic with the D.E.A. F.B.I. or di S.W.A.T All yuh do play cool and don't act a fool mek sure yuh brain intact Turn to yuh girl, inna di passenger seat, give har yuh strap fi lock Tek mi outta di car, tell mi nuh move and have dem gun pon cock Wonda if it's a racial ting like Rodney King because I'm black Search di car, only ting dem find is just my CD stash We good to go, like a don, and go hear some album tracks [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) (*Assassin) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they can't find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! (*Versatile!!!! Check check, Assassin di best, a murda!!!) [Verse 3: Assassin] Well mi seh born as a juggler hustler but believe mi Snitches a sell mi out like they wanna see mi On COPS, America's Most Wanted or Court TV Feds dem a hunt fah mi wid info from dem source But everytime dem reach we disappear just like a ghost It's not like mi a brag or mi a boast But mi have my own a source, see di report, dem always keep mi posted [Verse 4: Yung Joc] I see the, five O watchin (Watchin) They got they eyes on me (Eyes On Me) They wanna set me up, land a couple pies on me (Pies On Me) I'm streetwise I don't ride with them pies on me The feds takin pictures and they tellin lies on me Oh see I'm way too clever (Clever) They'll never jam Joc You with all of them snitchesm get you and your fam shot I keep my eyes on my rear view, gotta get a clear view Watch what you do when the five O near you [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi) You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi) You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) [Verse 5: Elephant Man] Once you hear the (WOO! WOO!) Babylon cover di base Dem a look fah machine and slugs, bloody on gloves But mi nuh O.J. caan frame mi cause nobody caan touch mi But we nah go sign nuh deal real yardie nah go squeal Tell D.A. seh fi bun appeal, eh? Dem come a search search, bout dem a look fah somethin fi tek Roll up wid dem army waan fi arm we but a Jah protect di I When dem out fi crucify which is very unlikely Then they find somethin a fi fry mi [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they can't find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fabolous f/ Jagged Edge, P. Diddy Album: Street Dreams / Barbershop Soundtrack Song: Trade it All (Pt. 2) Typed by: RES308@aol.com [P. Diddy] Yeah, yeah, this the moment they all been waiting for playboy we here now, we in the house now, fa sho' check me out, I'm tired of playing games [Chorus: Jagged Edge] Girl I'd trade it all, money cars, and everything All, even give up my street dream All, anything to have you on my team All, babygirl I'd trade it all Diddy: Fabolous, talk to 'em [Verse 1: Fabolous] I assume I'm so into you Cause even before we hit the bedroom I was friends wit you If they ask, I ain't got to say "whom?" in them interviews My sweet thing never believe the rumors, that been ain't true The fact I had numerous friends is true But you was wifey, could change me to a groom in a minute boo Maybe, my sense of humor gets into you But girl, they could make a perfume from the scent of you I wanna take you where it feel like June and December too So what you think about Cancun 'til the winter boo? I don't know what the other consumers you been with do I put a day aside, to go to Bloomy's and spend with you Like any other man, I wanna zoom to the clinic too but I wanna see if me and my junior's identical A dude put a wound on the skin of you I swear to everything, that same afternoon, I'll be in the news feel me? [Chorus: repeat 2X w/ changes] [Verse 2: P. Diddy] C'mere girl, come and take a walk with me so I can take you places you don't often be C'mon ma, come and get lost with me as far as them other chicks, can't get them off of me everlastin', love in a whole 'nother fashion all I'm askin, is let me cash in cause I'd give all the passion, all of the Sean John fashion in orderly fashion, perhaps when you figure out, exactly what Diddy 'bout Cause we could take this whole city out Now who gon' stop us, who gon' knock us? Top us, we can't find coppers to lock us Lear jets and choppers, love hella proper Seperate the weak from the obso-lete, hard to keep, I got ya I rocked ya, word to Big Poppa, I got ya, yeah [Chorus] - repeat 2X Fab: What you want huh? Diddy: I'm ready to give this all up for you shorty get your mind right [Verse 3: Fabolous] Well this newcomer's known, to move with the seasons couple winter lodges, few summer homes I'm there for every "ooh", "um", and moan and make sure when the new Hummer roams, the shoes come in chrome I ain't new at buying white, yellow, and cucumber stones that send chills through a woman bones, but life gets gruesome alone,  even though I got the kinda bread that won't matter if a few crumbs are blown flights, I done flew some alone,  now I wanna wake up everyday with you in a new number zone Mama mia, it's you I'ma phone,  just to erase all the negative views from your dome and I promise this fellas G, it's so gangsta it'll calm all that jealousy and drama you tellin me, so mama come yell at me so I can put the top down, and we can "Cruise/Cruz" like Tom and Penelope my charm is a felony....... [Chorus] - repeat to fade Diddy: Fabolous, Diddy, Desert Storm, we rock on, and rock on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fat Joe f/ Puff Daddy Album: Don Cartagena Song: Don Cartagena Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Nobody said it would be easy, ha hah [Puff]	What y'all wanna do hah? (2X) Nobody wanna handle it [Puff]	AS WE PROCEED, TO GIVE YOU WHAT YOU NEED [Puff]	What y'all wanna do hah? (2X) [Puff]	NINE-EIGHT, IT'S THE GREAT [Puff]	What y'all wanna do hah? (2X) Verse One: Fat Joe Now why the sad face, jealous for fellas that's diamond laced Tryin to find a place to recline, shine my face Under the sun where it's warm, runnin with Pun til I'm gone That's word is bond on my moms That's the squad motto, got beef we call Rallo Dame Un Trago, he go to war wit a bottle Simple as dat, flip out the mack and cripple a cat ("take that" 4X) Right through your back tissue with any pistol I pack (c'mon) Physical rap means we live the lyrics Long as niggaz fear us you could never entirely dissapear us We the realest you ever gon' see In all honesty, ain't another brother that's hotter than me Modesty'll get nowhere, that's why I go there (yeah, yeah) Like lettin you know where to buy the new Fat Joe gear (that's right) Five sixty (five sixty) only the Squad ride with me Unless you a Bad Boy, and roll with Puff Diddy (eheheheh) It's my city, and everything in it Ain't a thing rented (c'mon) it's my Benz, if you see me in it (yeah) We invented floodin the watch, and runnin the spots That's why, I'm not a player, I just crush a lot Chorus: Puff Daddy What you thought, we ain't run the streets? Now you can't sleep ten deep, convoyin in the Benz jeep Rollin deep with the Don-Tana I put the chrome in your cara, adios to manana (repeat 2X) Verse Two: Fat Joe Yea, uh, yo You better slide or catch this homicide Ain't no match for Joey Crack I'm blowin backs out the other side Brothers died and mother's cried at wakes, these are The Breaks Kurtis Blow your head off like Jake (like Jake) So take heed and read between the lines, ain't no cheatin mines Player haters never wanna see my shine Up in the Range or in the Lex Coupe Rockin a fresh suit with dress shoes, on my way to Les Boo's Less choose the life we rather live, on the streets stabbin kids or livin mad sweet in lavish cribs Fix marriages for my kids, six karats, I'm a whiz (mm, mmm) Exotic tokin parrots on my wrist It ain't shit but for sex, money, and drugs True thugs with slugs and wrap bodies in rugs What the fuck, Joe Crack, twist your cap back Leave your heart rate flat, once Terror Squad attacks (yea yea yea) Chorus 2X (Puff Daddy talkin over chorus) Terror Squad, and Bad Boy Joey Crack, Big Pun I see you Can't sleep, ten deep Yea, uh-huh Adios to manana Terror Squad, what? Bad Boy, khanmean? Joey Crack, Big Pun I see you, I see you C'mon, yea, yea, say what say what? Say what say what? Uh-huh I see you.. take that.. Adios to manana! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Fred the Godson & DJ Drama f/ Cory Gunz, Diddy, Meek Mill Album: City of God Mixtape Song: Gettin Money Pt. II Typed by: AZ Lyrics [INTRO] Ayo put some sparklers on that Ciroc And make it look like the 4th of July in this motherfucker Yeah [VERSE 1: Fred the Godson] -Now Diddy told me that it's all about the B-B-B-B-Benjamins So hustle hard and any hustle you hustlin' From the deck of cards, life's a gamble and you shufflin' I'm from that corner that hood you throw that d-d-duffle in This shawty's strippin I got that money, I'm tippin' To that artist going the hardest, in the studio spittin' Back the whip in I took the trip until the chips started flippin' In the kitchen, plastic on the bread grippin' This stripper's clickin' I'm fixin' With baker's mittens The same colors Wade Griffin The money I make is different, I'm cakin' You got to listen See my name Fred the Godson, pappi call me gordo Meek Mill, Corey Gunz, the remix and you all know [HOOK] I don't know about y'all, but we gettin' money over here (Said) I don't know about y'all, but we gettin' money over here (Well) I don't know about y'all, but we gettin' money over here (Said) I don't know about y'all, but we gettin' money over here Daddy you cakin' Daddy you cakin' Daddy you cakin' We gettin' money over here Daddy you cakin' Daddy you cakin' Daddy you cakin' We gettin' money over here [VERSE 2: Meek Mill] Lately I've been saving for a rainy day But still that imperfection make it rain away Looking at my wrist, it cost me 8K I get them niggers in the jewelers doing layaways Trying to keep up Hate I got my seat up Backseat of that six deuce Counting paper, we up Charlie Sheen I'm winnin' Holding on and I'm spinnin' Your paper feel like linen My money ain't no limit I said shout my nigga P out (P) We got white and D out (D) 100 pounds of rags and bush, put it in the tree house Blow sauce and white hoes, MIA the beach house I call my niggers first class, I hit the block like we out You ever sipped Ciroc with Diddy? Then count the millions in a tailor over top the city? (woosh) I got the gods with me I tell them hoes tat my name on the top of they titty [HOOK] [VERSE 3: Cory Gunz] 14 I was kicking Diddy's rhymes wow It's funny then he told me this would be my time now Ain't nobody body flow like me buy a vowel Set the tempo, then find a style Rappin' (fast) You don't want to get slap it around Back woods, back down Cause I'm like a mad cow No bullshit, I meant this gadget I rap loud With a neck count with this actin' I stack more in the game trailin' with a set Your money too funny Youre a clown with a fraction Back is the main childhood attraction Lane, any swag outlaggin' So fly, pulls to the main cabbins Skip Ron tip goes through the game braggin' Young money cash money in your face laughin' Put em up, fuck your tab I bought that bar because you bought that ass Girl let your juices flow, later I'll make all that splash [HOOK] [OUTRO] Yea, move something now Move something Yea, like that, yea Leggo The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Diddy, Jeremih Album: Excuse My French Song: Ballin' Out Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] I got tats all on my arm Blocks and rocks in the Benz Forgiatos and rings Petsy blue my paint All these girls with you Can't find a bitch you ain't Every day I'm balling like fishes in that tank [Verse 1] Know where my hoes are Hanging out the window when we roll up You know what we come to Make it rain while we getting fucked up What you say, we do this every day Throwing about bottles, buy a bottle case Seem like every day my birthday I can't help but get that cake [Hook] Feel like I was born for balling out Move it up and just for falling out [Verse 2] I got tattoos on my neck Half mil on my car Dream team my rap Just me and my dogs Straight cash on that haircut See you that's no landchop Met her at the bar, try to use some headshots Sixty to that Maybach, fake juice don't play that Take off like Jerry Griff, money tall like A6 Never hit that rear zone, baby, I was air born Hopping out that gold, sipping red on that red bone Jump up in the back, rocking population And another faking jets, you know I pop that aces I'm a ball, illuminati bankrupt Suicide orlandos and two or ten hoes [Hook] Feel like I was born for balling out Move it up and just for falling out [Verse 3] I'm flying around and I'm getting it Like ninety down my dinner Told a bitch I just met Write your promise down in that anthem I'm creepin on a 'billy Got these niggaz ballin on me About to take my LA trip and drop that bitch on Wall Street Keep my watch a hand game Like it's a lot of champagne You're flying jets, I can but jets And I ain't speaking about no damn plane It's passion and plain fashion Matching my things, catching Action from things, making Flashing my rings, captain Twin Vs and tires, envy my entire Caught a lot don't have the heart Cause real kings build empires Everything that I said nigga was everything that you saw I did everything that I claim, you ain't like us, we're reborn [Hook] Feel like I was born for balling out Move it up and just for falling out. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Diddy, Los, MGK, Red Cafe Album: Mac & Cheese 3 (Mixtape) Song: Ocho Cinco Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus: French Montana] I see you niggaz from the side watchin Got 100 grand in my side pocket All the hustlas love it you know I speak the lingo Tell a bitch give me head (Ocho Cinco) [x3] Told that bitch give me head (Ocho Cinco) [x3] Told that bitch give me head Ocho cinco [Verse 1: French Montana] Face down ass up, pull up in that spaceship with that top down Bitch pass out, chain light up they blackout I'm like haaanhh ochco cinco thats a head banger I see a bitch lookin thirsty told her gon drink up I head hunt, that new nigga, and what Shorty got that ochco good head, and butt I'm like (coke boy baby).... All I got for bitches is pipe water, I came up off a night order [Verse 2: MGK] Bitch gave me head till my legs shake She gave me brain that doesn't explain why these lames be lovin and cuffin these bitches I don't nothin bout em But they head shake, fuck that pussy till her legs break Bustin Got a dirty dozen of them wild thangs waitin in a room like an egg crate Uhh p.a.d, boy ho, and I got b.a.d bitches for my boys so Don't treat em like boy I'm servin, black suburban swervin, thru the hood gettin head like curtains Any job a good job So she get a blowjob Suckin it from 9-5 that bitch workin [Verse 3: Los] Man I say pimps up, hoes down I say that to say that I only recognize these bitches with they lips up, or from the nose down I tell her nose dive, then watch em go down, woop [5x] Bitch I'm cold as ice water, put dick way down yo throat until yo eyes water Lemme get that for ya, lil mama cause you workin The way you twerkin, you could fuck around and get a Birkin She like to crack the dutch down the middle Drop a Purp in, let me fuck her in the telly Screaming open up the curtains like You know French cut, she got on French Cuts I don't french kiss, I let my friends cut Me and Red in an all red Benz truck [Verse 4: Red Cafe] I told french I told los I get good head while I'm chaffeured Momma told me get a nice girl with a good head on her shoulders Shake down shake downnnn Came up on them back blocks Her face on my belt buckle thats what I call (lap top) Side niggaz from the side watchin, guess they got a side view Puff got me in this penthouse Thats my view Thats my crew, they shinin She on that cain so she could come boss And her first choice was the number one boss GOT EM [Verse 5: Diddy] Yo bitch, I 'm a mothafuckin livin legend I'm bout to send these niggaz thru they fifth (depression) In my absenses niggaz speaking silly I could stand on the mountains and the streets will feel me Feel the rush and that bad boy O.b.g and the OG don't OD cause thats bad boy She feel royal when she 'round this King Combs now get me crowned bitch The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Charlie Rock, Diddy, Rick Ross Album: Excuse My French Song: Shot Caller (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Diddy] (French Montana) Aiyyo bring me a hundred bottles Yeah! It's a little dark in here, it's time we light this bitch up Come on, come on, let's go (MONTANA!!!) Oh you know we had to do the remix right?! THIS! IS! THE REMIX! Oh it's only right! LETS GO!!! [Chorus: Charlie Rock (Diddy) Shorty got potential I could be her sponsor  Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Hair like Rihanna, shoe game was awesome (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Wanna be with a baller, shot caller  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller Wanna be with a baller, shot caller (Aiyyo Montana!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (Yeah! Let these niggas know man!) [Verse One: French Montana] (*Woman sample) Dip-Dip-Dippin in the Phantom, thought they seen a ghost (WHO!) Try and live life baby 'gon make a toast (HA!!!!) All white drop head just me and Flocka (HA!!!!) My new deal is sweeter then Peach Ciroc (HA!!!!) I took over the streets didnt miss a block (WOO!!!) Did it for N.Y. baby shoutout to BIG and Pac (BABY!) Can I hit it in the condo?! (CONDO!) Can I hit it in the morning like Alonzo?! Shorty got potential, knew I had to stamp her Ass like Nicki, hair like Amber (*Coke-Coke-Coke-Coke boy baby) Coke boy 'til they bury me (BOY!!!! R.I.P. the homie Heavy D [Chorus: Charlie Rock (Diddy) Shorty got potential I could be her sponsor  Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Hair like Rihanna, shoe game was awesome (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Wanna be with a baller, shot caller (LET'S GO!!!)  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (LET'S GO!!!)  Wanna be with a baller, shot caller (Aiyyo we gettin money over here baby!!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (Come get with a baller! LET'S GO!!!!) [Verse Two: Diddy] Dip-Dip-Dippin in the gatti, billboards in Tokyo Worth about a billion and still run the city What you really thought?! I wasnt comin through I invented ballin, the shot callin Cir-Cir-Ciroc boy, top ten hitter Like she came with the car left the lot with her Can I hit it on the jet, Diddy Rex Ryan, autograph signin Shorty kinda flashy, I could be her sponsor Hair like Cassie, shoe game is awesome We on that Ciroc (Ciroc!) Redberry with the red bottom N.Y. We the headline, bitch I'm a baller!!! Shot caller! [Chorus: Charlie Rock (Diddy) (*Maybach Music Sample) Shorty got potential I could be her sponsor  Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Hair like Rihanna, shoe game was awesome (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Wanna be with a baller (LET'S GO!!!) Shot caller (WE GETTIN MONEY OVER HERE!!!)  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (THIS-IS-THE REMIX!!!)  Wanna be with a baller, shot caller  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (*M-M-M-MAYBACH MUSIC!) [Verse Three: Rick Ross] (*Maybach Music Sample) HUH! Put the Coupe on a pair of Chuck Taylors (HUH!) Bought the block no love for the neighbors Top down prayin to my lord and savior (YES!) We on the floor Pacquaio the world's greatest Boxin niggas all I ever did was bob and weave (WOO!) Now the crib eight mill thats on ev'rything (WOO!) Give me props and keep it real ya man hatin Not the crib she couldn't get past the landscapin Cranberry Letterman I had em hand made (YEAH!) Double M Genius, even the band played (*M-M-M-MAYBACH MUSIC!) Scarface five hundred inch flatscreen (HUH!) Stack cream now the Maybach net green [Chorus: Charlie Rock (Diddy) Shorty got potential (YEAH!) I could be her sponsor (LET'S GO!!!)  Met her back stage at a Summer Jam concert (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Hair like Rihanna, shoe game was awesome (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (CLAP YOUR HANDS TO THIS!!!) Wanna be with a baller (LET'S GO!!!) shot caller (COKE BOYS!!!)  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (BAD BOY!!!) Wanna be with a baller (SHE WANT A SHOT CALLER MAN!!!) shot caller  Could tell by her aura she want a shot caller (IT'S THAT FUTURE NATION!!) (AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Puff Daddy, Ma$e Album: The Mix Tape Volume II - Sixty Minutes of Funk Song: Puff Daddy and Ma$e Freestyle Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] Yo, check this out I go by the name of Puff Daddy and I got my man Ma$e He got somethin to say [Ma$e] Yo check this out this Ma$e the Roy Jones of this rap shit I'm young I'm pretty I'm hittin hard I'm in the best shape of my life Niggaz don't wanna get in the ring with me Word up, this Bad Boy, Harlem on the rise You don't want a problem with us guys... mmmhmm [Puff Daddy (starts during 2nd line above of Ma$e)] Niggaz sayin Bad Boy this and Bad Boy that All I hear is mad more hits and mad more tracks (repeat 3X) Niggaz sayin Bad Boy this and Bad Boy that All we make is mad more hits and mad more tracks, c'mon!! [Ma$e] You know I can't see less than a E.S., with G.S.V.S. (yeah) And I won't stop til we rest in Key West (uh-huh) This be the Ma$e Bad Boy debut (that's right) Y'all niggaz in the back, steady sayin I'm souped Your hoes in the front, steady sayin I'm cute (that's right) Beep me all day just to lay up in the Coupe (ha ha) I hit fam tell KAM pick me in the Land Go blow six grand go catch a quick tan I'm a big trick, drink expensive liquids I see riches straight from the district (whoo!) So how you expect you can jerk your check (I don't know) Then you come home thinkin you deserve the sex Yo I merk when I jet in convertible Lex And I move too swift, might hurt your neck (ahaha) I jump out the Lex with the iceberg sweat Platinum chain hang with a third of baguettes (c'mon) This year P niggaz gon fear me, hear me Wave my treble, put my shit on blazin levels C'mon niggaz, give em what I got Since you want butter now you got to take it while it's hot I wasn't gonna talk but you made this a issue Now I got to get you, send dog to sick you Pull a pistol, make all my shots hit you Rip your tissue, send you place where they miss you 	{Puff Daddy repeats in background 2X} 	Niggaz sayin Bad Boy this and Bad Boy that 	All I hear is mad more hits and mad more tracks Walk the Ave then kiss you, man you wish you never fucked with Ma$e, his work be official Can't scar the man with ?don de farges? That rock, everything from rap to R&B Oh yeah, nine-seven, won't be your year Don't go there, it ain't nuff dough here, you can't blow here Ma$e alone, and with Puff, there's no fear Bad Boy rule forever, we ain't goin nowhere What nigga? Bad Boy, Harlem on the rise 	{Puff Daddy repeats in background 3X} 	All I hear is mad more hits and mad more tracks 	Niggaz sayin Bad Boy this and Bad Boy that My niggaz ?killa KMC or Shiek? All the niggaz that's down with me, my dynasty Nine-seven, street team, uhh, what what? 	{Puff Daddy} 	All I hear is mad more hits and mad more tracks 	You bitches! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Future f/ Diddy, Ludacris Album: Pluto 3D Edition Song: Same Damn Time (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics I wear gucci, I wear bally at the same damn time On the phone, cooking dope, at the same damn time Selling white, selling mid, at the same damn time Fucking 2 bad bitches at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time I'm in pluto I'm in mars at the same damn time On the sofa, poppin bottles at the same damn time [Diddy] Boy your money and my money ain't the same damn kind, I could live your life and my life at the same damn time, See my riding out money, that's your buy your house money, I got that "I could build a mall right by your house money", Hold up, say you got that 550 you talking bout that Benz nigga, Say I got that 550 I'm talking about them M's nigga, all black phantom white seats, I killed them bring them white sheets, Said oh I think she like me cause I cop Maybachs like white tees, I'm in Times, People, Fortune, Forbes, same damn time, XXL, GQ, Vibe, Source, same damn time, Nigga you don't live that shit that's in your lame ass rhymes, Y'all done woke a sleeping giant now the game back mine. I wear gucci, I wear bally at the same damn time On the phone, cooking dope, at the same damn time Selling white, selling mid, at the same damn time Fucking 2 bad bitches at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time I'm in pluto I'm in mars at the same damn time On the sofa, poppin bottles at the same damn time [Future] I'm in fifs with the sack going crazy Got some diamonds around my neck no flugazy Bad bitches in the suite, trying to bathe me Just a young hood nigga, streets raised me Working with a unit try and stretch it to another one Drinking on that active and it taste just like some bubble gum Thumbing through a check, boarding on the jet Talking on the iphone, sipping out the styrofoam That dirty got my mind gone, that money got my mind blown Vvs and white stones, vvs and white stones I'm rolling like a rolling stone Free bands on al capone And my cash way long, (turned up) I see a bunch of clones I wear gucci, I wear bally at the same damn time On the phone, cooking dope, at the same damn time Selling white, selling mid, at the same damn time Fucking 2 bad bitches at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time I'm in pluto I'm in mars at the same damn time On the sofa, poppin bottles at the same damn time [Ludacris] Luda is unstoppable his money is astronomical, Sell as many records as a nigga like me that shit is just impossible, Rappers is delusional and now they talkin' more shit, Anything is liable to come out of the mouth of a desperate starving broke bitch, Tell bitch, you used to be good but now you garbage, Any nigga that wanna step up to the plate and battle will get demolished, My flows is rubbin' off like just like they finger nail polish, You rappers ain't got no swag you need to kill your fuckin' styilst, They bitin' like piranhas, they cryin' to they momma, These niggaz besta call they troops back like obama, That trash that ya spitted didn't phase me, Matter fact ya record label still pays me, See luda never startin' shit I'm always on my grind, But I'll respond three rappers at the same damn time. I wear gucci, I wear bally at the same damn time On the phone, cooking dope, at the same damn time Selling white, selling mid at the same damn time Fucking 2 bad bitches at the same damn time I'm in pluto I'm in mars at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time At the same damn time, at the same damn time I'm in pluto I'm in mars at the same damn time On the sofa, poppin bottles at the same damn time. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jackson 5 f/ Black Rob, Puff Daddy Album: Motown 40 Forever Song: I Want You Back '98 [Puff Intro] Yeah The old school To the new school Bad Boy, remix, let's go [Black Rob] Like that Black gon' slide with Mike Jack Puff done remixed one hell of a track Put me on it I wanna know How many want it? Damn, it feels good to see people love on it For those who love slow down 'Member Motown had a brotha' happy as shit I mean the whole sound Bangin' and catch six-four since we was shorties Fee owes now rebooked from California Carry 40's but I 'member them times in '79 When I first started to rhyme Sometimes I gots to look back at what it was The good old days The triple o'shays when there was love I want you back But I can't grab that far It's how it is  When you're living like a star, bad boy Come on, let's go [MJ] When I had you to myself I didn't want you around Those pretty faces  Always made you  Stand out in a crowd But someone picked you from the bunch When love was all it took Now it's much too late for me To take a second look Oh baby, give me one more chance (To show you that I love you) Won't you please let me (Back in your heart) Oh, darlin' I was blind to let you go (Let you go baby) But now since I see you in his arms (I want you back) Oh, I do now (I want you back) Oh, oh, baby (I want you back) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I want you back) Nah, nah, nah, nah Trying to live without your love Is one long sleepless night Let me show you girl That I know wrong from right Every street you walk on  I lay tear stains on the ground Following the girl I didn't even want you around Let me tell ya now Oh baby all I need is one more chance (To show you that I love you) Won't you please let me (Back in your heart) Oh darlin' I was blind to let you go (Let you go baby) But now since I see you in his arms (I want you back) [Black Rob] It's just like Jermain Jackson Tito, Mike and Marlon Only think on my mind now is stardom Blowin' the F-up My game's stepped up 'Member when Mike and them First came to record Singin' hits like Skywriter My Girl, People Make The World Go 'Round Mama's Pearl, Can't Loose it Joyful jukebox music Never Can Say Goodbye That's why we use it It's money honey So I gots to be there And I'mma be yo Sugar Daddy Say it's real Versachi chair, PD, life of the party Bad Boy, make joys for everbody Jackson 5 Chorus in background while: [Puff Daddy] Motown Berry Gordy History Let's go, come on Yeah Come on Yeah This is the remix, come on From the old to the new Come on Motown Rock on Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Jackson 5 Chorus until fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Janet Jackson f/ Carly Simon, Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Son of a Gun Remix 12" Song: Son of a Gun (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: hanifrobinson@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Chant: Janet] Ha ha, hoo hoo, thought you'd get the money too Greedy motherfuckers try to have your cake and eat it too [Intro: P. Diddy] This... is... The... remix (Now, that's that shit right here) Bad Boy, baby Janet, J.J. (This goes out to all the clubs, ya feel me?) The one and only And you fine, Miss [Verse 1: Janet] Sharp shooter into breakin hearts A baby gigolo, a sex pistol Hollerin' at everythin that walks No substance just small talk Know why you feelin on that girl's behind You gotta sleezy - one track mind Working your work until you think you find Who's goin home with you tonight [Missy {P. Diddy}] (I) changed all the credit cards (and) switched the lock to all my doors (hehehe) You thought my heart would be destroyed (mmmm) Look around cuz I'm chillling boy (hehehe) Whatcha go and get your lawyers for I, makes my dough in just one show, you know Your lawyer shoulda let you know, you know When you sue me, ya gonna be broke you know Ain't know you way you could bring me down (easy) Any chick that you stick is real sleazy Before I need you, I betcha gon' need me You ain't want me anyway way, you wanted to be me What made you think I'd keep you around While I, work my ass off and you just lounge (huh?) You slump, bump, son of a gun And a, how much your worth? I think negative Don {This is the remix} [Hook: Janet (Missy)] Oh (oh), who you give it to Who you gonna steal it from Who's your next victim (the right, like) Oh (oh), who you gonna lie to Who you gonna cheat on Who you gonna leave alone (that's what I'm talking about) Oh (oh), what ya gonna tell her After she discovers You don't really love her Oh (oh), gonna be a showdown Knock down drag out Gunslinger shoot 'em up (shoot em' up) [Chorus: Janet & Carly {P. Diddy}] I betcha think this song is about you {Who you talkin' 'bout?} I betcha think this song is about you {Who you talkin' 'bout?} I betcha think this song is about you (yeah, yeah) {Who you talkin' 'bout?} I betcha think this song is about you Don't you {Who you talkin' 'bout?} Don't you Don't you Don't you [P. Diddy (overlaps last 2 lines)] They call me "Diddy" (It wasn't me!) Whatchu talkin' 'bout lawyers for? (It wasn't me!) Why you wanna change locks and doors? (It wasn't me!) Well, maybe it was, sure But you know tomorrow, you'll love me some more I'm back, another Visa, another set of keys We did this last week Ma, don't get ammnesia (Remember?) All this back and forth gotta quit And by the way, THIS IS THE REMIX! [Verse 2: Janet (Missy)] Sweatin me but I'm not your type You think you irk me and you're so right I'd rather keep the trash and throw you out Stupid bitch in my beach house Naw I ain't gone go and act a fool And be lead story on the nigga news Not me sucher I'll never be your lover I'm gonna make you suffer You stupid mutherfucker (ok baby?) [Missy] You musta thought you had game like nigga what Walk around like you down, you don't give a fuck Cause you don't really want beef until you hit the streets See, I ma lover, not a fighter but I'll crack ya teeth Boy, plea plea nah...don't bother me Cause when you had me, you ain't know how ta chill wit' me But now you up on dem knees, still jockin me But I ma say it real real, keep it real What da deal, how ya feel, is it ill, is it sick (Misdemeanor!!!!!!!!!!) Cause I da deal, still here with appeal and it's real Don't front cause boy I da shit [Missy singing] I'm doing better with out you, playa And I'm happy without you, playa [Missy rapping] And this song is about you, playa Muthafuckin' son of a gun (Janet) [Bridge: Janet (Missy)] Gotta chip upon your shoulder I just knocked it off (oh) Show me what you gonna do (uh) I ain't bout to run (uh) You have just run out of ammunition (nigga right here) Shootin blanks now (uh) You son of a gun Repeat Hook & Chorus Repeat Chant til fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jay-Z f/ Lil' Kim, Puff Daddy Album: In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 Song: I Know What Girls Like Typed by: janis@betatesters.com [Verse One: Jay-Z] Peep the scripts, Scoped honey from the whip Jumped out like YO! Who the fuck you with? Flash the jewels cause that's the rule Damn I like a girl who spend a little cash for her shoes Face natural - can I get at you? Saw a spot on the body look nice with a tattoo With my name, but didn't want to jump the gun I Didn't Know how many niggas was humping hon I said I never seen a face like yours before And I been around some cute whores before That either me or my boys tore it up before So I'm hoping you different  Let you push the 6 And give you a different life and Baby if it's right jump on it in the morning And ride it 'til the night Want to buy you real jewelry when it hits the light Bitches'll momentarily lose they sight She said I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like me [Verse Two: Lil' Kim] So want a cutie with a booty like POW! Deeper than a MILE! Earrings shine like TADOW! But I'm a real bitch so you know I do real things Only real bitches live like queens - Get it? Safety deposit in the walk-in closet Marvel Forts is for matching Rolls Royce's In the driveway from Monday to Friday I be the richest, shitting on these bitches While chickens cluck giving up the butt I plays the cut with the Daddy Warbucks You can call me a slut, who gives a fuck That's fine nigga shit, I'm a good with mine I can tell by your shoes you know what I want Fuck a pre-nup give me half up front My sex be the best so we split these costs You can stop saying mine And start saying ours I know what girls like I know what they want They want to sex me They think I'm sexy I know what girls like, girls like me I know what boys like I know what they want They want to sex me They think I'm sexy I know what boys like, boys like me [Verse Three: Jay-Z] Got the bomb place, fireplace John Blaze Victoria Secret lingerie, ice like Don Kay The price was like eight digits a long way, shit Got the beachfront view, V1 too Cop you one cop me one too On the place, jet ski's park by the lake No neighbors, make all the noise you want to make Invite your friends over Let 'em make their way through the Benz's and the Rovers before they reach the door Vacate, hey wait, a week or more First class to and fro, freakin off Got to have things locked, champagne popped Cruise around the world 'til the damn thing stop Cop Rembrandt, hang 'em, pay the lot Can't complain, we ballin, true or not ma? [Chorus: 2x] I know what girls like I know what they want I know what girls like, girls like I know what girls like I know what they want I know what girls like, girls like me I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like I know what boys like I know what they want I know what boys like, boys like me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ Puff Daddy Album: Love Don't Cost a Thing (Remixes) Song: Love Don't Cost a Thing (Bad Boy Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com 1 - Think you gotta keep me iced, you don't  Think I'm gonna spend your cash, I won't  Even if you were broke  My love don't cost a thing  Think I wanna drive your Benz, I don't  If I wanna floss, I got my own  Even if you were broke  My love don't cost a thing When you rolled up in the Escalade Saw that dub you gave to the valet Knew that it was game when you looked at me Pulling up your sleeve so I could see the Rollie bling Saw you later in the corner booth Raising up a toast so I would notice you But you're hard to miss, think you outta know Doesn't really matter if you're balling out of control 2 - All that matters is  That you treat me right  Give me all the things I need  That money can't buy yeah Repeat 1 When I took a chance Thought you'd understand Baby credit cards aren't romance Still you're tryna buy what's already yours What I need from you is not available in stores Seen a side of you that I really feel You're doing way too much, never keep it real If it doesn't change, gotta hit the road Now I'm leaving, where's my keys? I've got to go Repeat 2 Repeat 1 A thing, a thing, a thing Yeah, yeah, yeah [Puff Daddy] Yeah let's go baby Bad Boy Ayo ma' peep this My game's tight like the way your jeans fit Please believe it Yeah you independent I can see I'm glad you got your own dough You can spend that on me And why not, we can stack our dough And buy blocks If I got you got Watch, they hope we might slip But we keep a tight grip And make hits like this, holla! [Jennifer Lopez] You think the money that you make Can substitute the time you take To get the keys into my heart Think you can win my heart Don't know what's in my heart I think you need to take some time To show me that your love is true There's more than dollar signs in you Then you can win my heart, and get what's in my heart [Puffy](J-Lo) Yeah, yeah I like this right here Just come on, come on Just bounce for me Like this Just bounce for me Like this Just bounce for me Like this... (Even if you were broke) Bad Boy, J-Lo Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ Puff Daddy (P. Diddy) Album: J. Lo Song: I'm Real Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com Uhh, what? Uhh.. uhh uhh Let's go.. [Jennifer] Called you on the phone, said "I'm comin through Hope you're all alone, cause I got plans for you We could stay at home, or dance and hang all night  As long as I'm with you, doesn't matter what we do" Dont ask me where I've been Or what I'm gonna do, just know that I'm here with you Dont try to understand  Baby, there's no mystery, cause you know how I am [Chorus: Jennifer] + (P. Diddy) I'm real - what you get is what you what you see What you tryin to do to me  You wanna say you're mine Be with me all the time You're fallin so in love  Say you just can enough You're tellin all your friends (She's a bad, bad bitch) [Jennifer] Whoo, c'mon c'mon, uhh, in the pocket.. You like the way I dress, the way I wear my hair show me off to all your friends and, baby I dont care  Just as long as you tell them who I am Tell them I'm the one that made you give a damn Dont ask me where I've been Or what I'm gonna do, just know that I'm here with you Dont try to understand  Baby, there's no mystery, cause you know how I am [Chorus] - 2X {*music plays for 17 seconds*} [Chorus] - 2X [Jennifer] Dont ask me where I've been Or what I'm gonna do, just know that I'm here with you Dont try to understand  Baby, there's no mystery, cause you know how I am [Chorus] - 3X {*music plays until fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jennifer Lopez f/ P. Diddy, Usher Album: I'm Real (The Remixes  CD Single) Song: I'm Real (Bad Boy Mix) Typed by: mothegreat@bet.com [P. Diddy] Yeah [J. Lo] Called you on the phone, said, "I'm comin through Hope you're all alone, cause I got plans for you We could stay at home, or dance and hang all night  As long as I'm with you, doesn't matter what we do" (Bridge) [J. Lo] Don't ask me where I've been Or what I'm gonna do, just know that I'm here with you Don't try to understand  Baby, there's no mystery, cause you know how I am (Chorus) [Jennifer (P. Diddy)] I'm real - what you get is what you what you see What you tryin to do to me  You wanna say you're mine Be with me all the time You're fallin so in love  Say you just can enough You're tellin all your friends (She's a bad, bad bitch) [P. Diddy] All my niggas take a walk wit me (what) You ain't gotta holla you could talk wit me Try to learn where my thought could be And how I stack figgas (uh-huh) Learn why I'm real, still that nigga (still that nigga) I get money I don't got to do crime (what) Shit I hit dimes what I need wit a nine Before y'all jump me be clear (what) We got nuttin but heat here, beware, we here What's my name? (what) Got chicks twisted like what's my game Pimp game still the same I smash shit I don't harass it (what) Ma, I'm a balla I score and pass it Feel me still be filthy If making hits is a crime, I plead guilty (what) And this is what we came to do (what) Party, Diddy, Usher, game is through [Jennifer] You like the way I dress, the way I wear my hair Show me off to all your friends and, baby I don't care  Just as long as you tell them who I am Tell them I'm the one that made you give a damn (Bridge) (Chorus) x2 [Usher] You tell her you look hot don't you worry at all ?As long as we be shook? then get ready She's telling you she might change, and you telling her not to Shorty she looks stunning, really fine Coming before the game that means I got you Need not take to running cause I'm the one (Chorus) (Bridge) (Chorus  Till Fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jermaine Dupri, Ludacris, Murphy Lee, P.Diddy, Snoop Dogg Album: Welcome to Atlanta 12" Song: Welcome to Atlanta (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro: Jermaine Dupri] After the party it's the Waffle House If you ever been here you know what I'm talkin about Where people don't dance all they do is this And after the original you know what it is [Ludacris] Welcome to Atlanta [Jermaine Dupri] Remix it had to go down I got somethin else to tell you 'bout the new Motown Where people don't visit, they move out here And ain't no tellin who you might see up in Lennox Square I don't know about you but I miss the FreakNic Cause that's where my city use to be real sick People from other cities use to drive for miles Just to come to get a taste of this A.T.L. style I'm the M.B.P., Most Ballin-ist Player Make my own moves - call me the mayor Monday night you know things change with time Magic City back lookin like eighty-nine All my homies on the southside up in the Ritz Tuesday night, the Velvet Room, same shit Wednesday - Strokers, I don't go no mo' Cause they don't know how to treat you when you come through the do' Thursday night, was Plush but we moved to Fuel And I be up in the booth drunk actin a fool Friday night, at Kaya they still got love And the Shark Bar be poppin like it's a night club Saturday - still off the heezy fo' sheezy You can find me up in One Tweezy Sunday, gettin me some sleep please!!! I'm on my way to the Dec to hit Jazzy Tee's, holla!!! [P. Diddy] Aiyyo I'm from New York man! I'm from New York!  Representin N.Y.C. to the fullest Where New York at? Where New York at?  Gats I pull it, heads be duckin when New York be bustin Where New York at? Yeah, yeah, yeah - AHHHHHHHH!  Take that.. [P. Diddy] Welcome to New York motherfuckers where we don't play And out of towners get got like everyday And a gangsta's a gangsta in every way Sittin on twenty-two's, that's what long money do Now the Don's on it, Diddy shine on it Tell Flex to run it back and drop a bomb on it Sunday we layin low in Halo, sippin Cris' and we straight Monday we go to Bungalo Eight Tuesday I'm in spa drunk doin the shake And for the rest of the week we just follow the freaks You can spot us out of town by the way that we walk The way that we talk, cocky the state of New York Hot now, top down at the Rucker game New coupe, no roof, playa what's my name? Now Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan, Staten Uptown, what now? Let's make it happen [P. Diddy Talkin] New York motherfuckers! If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere We still here!! And we buildin four more new towers!!! MOTHERFUCKERS! [Murphy Lee] Who say St. Louis ain't hip-hop? Dirty we hop to what's hip I'm a Lunatic with too much grip to let her slip I'm so St. Louis, ask my tattooist I was like "The Waterboy," now they sayin, "YOU CAN DO IT!" I'm Baby Huey, one of the best in the Louis Sip Louie smoke louie, dressed in Louis Home of back porches, Chucks and Air Forces Old school cars be trailblazin like Portland The girls are the best like Travis with fat asses I call 'em gimme girls they always tell me I can have it All got habits, marijuana to static By two cats in coats with automatics St. Louis is the +Truth+ like +Sojourner+ Don't need a burna we learn from Ike Turner I tried to told ya don't cross that bridge Without permission from them St. Lunatics [Jermaine Dupri] Yo-yo-yo-yo Ladies and gentlemen, we got the big Snoop Dogg in the house tonight He just came from off tour And he wanna tell y'all little bit about where he come from [Snoop Dogg] Palm trees, bad bitches and wannabees O.G.'s like me eatin on pollaseeds Now & Laters, jellybeans, and Wallabees Real niggaz from the set I hardly ever seen Mostly heard, sell a bird off the cizzurb And when we dip, we hop and then we swizzerve A lot of homies like to wear the pizzerm Hair longer than hers, sharp with the fizzur Doggy Dizzogg, you know I like to bizzall Like Kobe to Shaq, so take that (take that, take that) Long Beach is on the motherfuckin map The city by the C, R.I.P. J.D., you know about the L.B.C. My niggaz love them Steelers, cold hearted killers Real cap pealers, real niggaz feel us Ain't no squealers, a lot of dope dealers Bang diggy dang dang dogg pound gangsta crip gang Yeah we do the damn thang Go to Pomona, scoop up Kokane Head to the church house to get a little workout Smoke out, drink up, now put ya bank up It's all on me I got a scenery to stank up Crank up the beat, raise up the heat I'm throwin' a block party on 2-1 Street, fo' sho' [Jermaine Dupri] Welcome to Atlanta remix HEY!!! And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin [Ludacris] Welcome to Atlanta (JD: remix HEY!!!) And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin [Jermaine Dupri] Welcome to Atlanta remix HEY!!! And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin [Ludacris] Welcome to Atlanta (JD: remix HEY!!!) And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin [Jermaine Dupri] Welcome to Atlanta remix HEY!!! And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin [Ludacris] Welcome to Atlanta (JD: remix HEY!!!) And we ride on dem thangs like ev-ery day Big beats, hit streets, see gangsters roamin And parties dont stop 'til eight in the mo'nin The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jerome f/ Noreaga, Puff Daddy Album: Too Old for Me 12" Song: Too Old for Me (Remix) Typed by: d_dawg123@hotmail.com [Puff Daddy-Intro] 4x Ain't no remix like a Bad Boy remix Cuz a Bad Boy remix don't stop [Puff Daddy -During Intro] Ladies and gentlemen We got little Jerome in the house tonight He's about to do a remix that you've never heard before He brought his man with him Noreaga, you know, Thugged Out Yeah, yeah, what, what, c'mon Little Jerome [Jerome] (Puff Daddy) When I first saw you I wanted to become a man (What, what) Each and everyday I sit and dream of holding your hand (Yeah) Told all my boys how I felt for you When they laid their eyes on you, they laughed Cuz they don't know (The remix, c'mon) 1-	They don't know how I feel for you 	You girl, oh, why do they keep hating on me? 	Baby, they say that you are just too old 	Say you're just too old for me [Jerome] (Puff Daddy) So I stepped to you to see if I had a chance (Rock on) They now realize that in your eyes there was a sweet man (That's right) We finally walk together hand-in-hand When they laid their eyes on us, they laughed (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Cuz they don't know Repeat 1 [Jerome] Why do they say that you are not right for me? You and me make perfect a harmony Why do they insist that we are not together? We belong, baby [Noreaga] (Puff Daddy) What, what, yo, yo I be that boy slash Thugged Out, platinum, gold (Yeah) Lil' Jerome, leave her alone, she too old (I like this right here) But you still wanna mess wit' her, you outta control And I'm the older one, oo I'll put you on again Older girls break your heart, they take your fame But when you want it back, the ?dario? is never the same I'm feelin' good today, was in the hood today (Bad Boy, no doubt) You need to stop seeing her, like Crimson Bay  (C'mon and we won't stop, yeah) Bitches be hard to find like a needle in hay (C'mon) Hard to pop, and call me, yo, and said to the spot (That's right) Said you were singing at her window, wildin' and stuff (That's right) Probably the CLK, that dude Jerome in the whip I made a promise to my man, he ain't need that tea He look back at me like he was mad at me (Mad?) He said that he my little man and was glad to be (Glad) He got his life ahead of him, small fish in the sea, what (Yeah) Repeat 1 to fade [Noreaga] (Puff Daddy) What, Thugged Out, what, what, what Bad Boy, Thugged Out, what, what, what (Bad Boy, Thugged Out) Bad Boy, Thugged Out, what, what, what (This is the remix) (Ain't no remix like a Bad Boy remix) Aiyyo, my man like Lil' Jerome, Lil' Jerome (Bad Boy remix) Aiyyo, my man like Lil' Jerome, Lil' Jerome (Til the year 2000) Aiyyo, my man like Lil' Jerome, Lil' Jerome (He's only 11 years old) Aiyyo, my man like Lil' Jerome, Lil' Jerome (Yeah, I like your style, shorty, yeah, yeah, yeah, what, what, yeah) Bad Boy, Thugged Out, what, what, what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Jim Jones f/ Birdman (Baby), Diddy, T.I., Young Dro Album:We Fly High 12" Song: We Fly High (Remix) Typed by: david.moran@hope.edu * * send corrections to the typist Intro... We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [Jones] Jones! PC blow tishes (Birdcall) Lamborghini - its on dishes (Flossin!) from Harlem to Hollywood I'm still hood 500 horses stuffed in my ferarri hood (Speedin'!) fuck niggaz talkin' bout MCs on my heels (fuck em') Hip-Hop was dead and Killa gave me the will (flee!) Black car fever got this nigga feelin' ill (ill) used to shop for 'em - now a nigga givin' out deals (Ballin!) (It's all about the Benjamins, baby) I'm flying up Lennox and the Bentley all crazy the roof top as I am showin' my ass I brought New York back, you niggaz ain't got a chance (Remix!) We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [T.I.] I ain't gon' lie I'm fucked up, Phil died and we all sad but only one thing gon' get us by - and that's to ball dad 5 mil on the crib, 50 on the dog tag cracks in the deal, 20 mil, they thought I gone mad naw, I had to go and grab the spider at the red light with blue flourescent head lights - you better get your bread right you ain't a baller - you chase checks, I check write even when it's dark outside I bet my neck's right [Diddy] Hey yo hold up, pick a restaurant Childs or Chin Chin (five stars) now pick a car, which one I ain't been in? (ballin!) pick a watch as long as the hand's spinnin pick an actress, which one I ain't swim in? (what about ??) the yacht's still on deck retirement plan, I dropped it on her neck (take that, take that) I'm still spending old money Benjamins remix, 10 year gold money, motha fuckas! We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [Birdman] 500 on the Bentley, 50 G's on the caddy, 100 G's on my broad cause we both livin' lavish doin' my thang wit this uptown swang nigga get it how we live like money ain't a thang (Ballin!) I be stuntin' on them thangs everytime you see me swang ererytime you see me hang, best believe I got that thang pop up at the club, nigga show them hoes love cause they know we make it rain, so they give us gangsta love [Young Dro] My rims look like I'm skatin' on ice like Kristi Yamaguchi Sittin' up in the Chevy eating blow fish sushi 550 mint-colored benz, me and Jim with the band camp twins and they blowin' our flutie Hell-red block, so you know we gettin' coofies Iceberg drop, nigga now I'm ridin' goofy 28 inches in the air, know I'm ballin' cause my whole wrist pink and my neck kinda bluey - Dro! [Chorus 2x] We fly high, no lie, you know this (Ballin!) Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (ladies) We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Remix!) Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused [Jones] You've just been included in the Ballers Extravaganza You are now a Ball-a-holic, just like my team (Dipset) Shouts to Diddy, T.I, Birdman, Dro - Remix! It's like showbiz...ballin! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jim Jones f/ Jha Jha, Paul Wall, P. Diddy Album: Harlem: Diary of a Summer Song: What You Been Drankin On? Typed by: lyfestylezofgod@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [P. Diddy Talking Intro] DipSet motherfuckers Jha Jha, Jim Jones, y'all motherfuckers must have lost Y'all minds Paul Wall....they call me Diddy Y'all motherfuckers must have lost y'all mind I wish a motherfucker would AHHH!!!! [Hook - Jha Jha] What you been drankin on What you been sippin on What got you bumpin in the funk wit all that gator on (2x) Cause you ain't drunk hoe You ain't drunk hoe You ain't ridin you ain't live you ain't drunk hoe [Verse 1 - Jha Jha] I was up in the club vibin, sippin on sizzurp vibin Gettin a lil flow fo' my man wanna just slow to the jams these girls wanna start whylin They gots to start trippin they got the crowd listenin You know the type wanna get into a fight when it's light them chicks just need attention They playin "Get From Round" I'm sayin get from round me If you spill that drink on my brand new mink I'ma split every bitch that's round me We can buck if you want to I'm the type that'll give you what you want boo Y'all chicks cant stand me I bet a bunch of Gees, just wait til' I bust to the roof [Hook - P. Diddy] (1x) Cause you ain't drunk nigga You ain't drunk nigga Til' that sizzurp and Henny is in yo cup nigga (1x) What you been sippin on? What you been hittin on? You see them chicks in bikinis we spillin Crist's on [Verse 2 - P. Diddy] (Call me Diddy) Lets ride that out Stop that talk outside your mouth I'll put guys outside your house We the hottest in the south Bad Boy, DipSet Baby girl, get ya lips wet Maybach like that chauffeur Money ain't to far from Oprah's You should've seen what I paid my chauffeur It's enough to buy you a roster This toaster supposed to take you on a roller coaster You ain't poppin like Diddy baby I'm rockin wit Diddy baby The Drops is terrific kid the watches cost 80 motherfucker.. [Hook - Jim Jones] (1x) What you been drinkin on Who you been smokin with What got you actin all silly doin stupid shit Cause you ain't drunk nigga You little fuck nigga You ain't bad you's a fag You ain't tough nigga [Verse 3 - Jim Jones] Y'all know the deal Long john shirt don't show the steal Ski mask when we gone to kill We blast and you know we will We don't mash just olds-mobiles Ride to ya block slow as hell Look for you fucks than unload the shells A nigga get caught than please post bell Eastside to the homies in jail Know how it be that lonely S.L. Full of turf that smokey cell You cookin it than you goin to hell I'm with a bitch in the front seat holdin the steal Doc, I'm so f'real Move the candy ring to get the candy cane For them pretty Range Rover wheels [Hook - Paul Wall] What you been sippin on ? Whats in that white cup? It's that Memphis-ing, codeine, not purple tub! Cause you ain't leanin bitch You ain't codeine'in bitch That cup and money You ain't high You ain't sleepy bitch [Verse 3 - Paul Wall] Cock the 4, hold the deuce Mixed with sprite maybe juice Prepare to lean off that codeine Prescription call it syrup gettin ya loose White cup that's full of that oil Texas T we call it drank Sittin sidewayz on them 4's lavish drippin wet candy paint Who's the man, who's the G Houston Southside 7 1 3 I'm on the block that we call South Lee Sippin oil with the thugs and G's Paul Wall what you know about me I'm on the grind and I'm slangin leash When I mix the sprite wit this sizzurp I'll show you how to make a sprite remix [Music fades out as P. Diddy talks] DipSet, Bad Boy, Jim Jones, Jah Jah, Paul Wall.. They call me diddy!...Harlem ''stand up'' Dirty South ''stand up'', ''Midwest stand up'' West coast ''stand up''....Yeaah...(Come On, Come On) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ke$ha f/ Diddy Album: Cannibal Song: TiK ToK Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Ke$ha] + (Diddy) Wake up in the mornin feelin like P. Diddy (hey whattup girl?) Grab my glasses I'm out the door I'm gonna hit this city (let's go) Before I leave, brush my teeth, with a bottle of Jack Cause when I leave for the night, I ain't comin back I'm talking pedicure on our toes, toes Tryin on all our clothes, clothes Boys blowin up our phones, phones... Droptoppin, playing our favorite CD's Pullin up to the parties Tryin to get a little bit tipsyyyyyyy [Chorus: repeat 2X] Don't stop, make it pop, DJ blow my speakers up Tonight, I'ma fight, 'til we see the sunlight TiK ToK, on the clock, but the party don't stop no Oh-whoa-uh-oh, oh-whoa-uh-oh! [Ke$ha] Ain't got a care in world but got plenty of beer Ain't got no money in my pocket but I'm already here And now the dudes are linin up, cause they hear we got swagger But we kick 'em to the curb unless they look like Mick Jagger I'm talkin 'bout e'rybody gettin crunk, crunk Boys tryin to touch my junk, junk Gonna smack him if he gettin too drunk, drunk... Now now we go until they kick us out, out Or the po-lice shut us down, down Po-lice shut us down, down - po-po shut us {DOWN} [Ke$ha] DJ you build me up, you break me down My heart it pounds, yeah you got me With my hands up, you got me now You got that sound, yeah you got me DJ you build me up, you break me down My heart it pounds, yeah you got me With my hands up - put your hands up Put your hands up (up up up up up up) Now the party don't start 'til I walk in [Outro] {*Ke$ha giggling*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: KRS-One f/ Puff Daddy Album: I Got Next Song: Step Into A World (Remix) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * unlisted bonus track on compact disc Intro: Puff Daddy   I'ma make you dance And we won't stop, cause we can't stop (repeat 3X)   Don't stop   KRS-One   Puff Daddy   Bad Boy remix   Hit me baby Verse One: Puff Daddy, KRS-One Hear the sound of my money machine See the 600 Benz see the chrome rims gleam See the teacher KRS and the Puff Daddy See the young black and famous Rich like Matty With the power and the knowledge at our fingertips With a style make the ladies wanna lick they lips, shake they hips Shake they rumps, bass thump Believin they could fly by the way you jump, player, uhh Hip-Hop mayor, fat rhyme sayer From the Boogie Down to the Himilayas I'm Comentating (say what?) illustrating (yeah) Descriptions given, adjective expert (I hear you) Let's work, til your neck hurt (oooh) Like Bedwork I Rock Steady, you ain't really ready for the teacher, just when you thought you had me licked I come equipped with another hit, oh shit! (I hear you, I hear you, I hear you, I hear you) Chorus:  And we won't stop, cause we can't stop (repeat 4X)   Step into a world, where there's no one left   But the very best, no MC can test   Step into a world, where there's no one left   But the very best, no MC can test Verse Two: Puff Daddy Politic with the teacher (c'mon) as the hits reach ya Puff Daddy and KRS-One, double feature (that's right) Uptown diplomats, watch chips get stacked So-and-so, this and that (uhh) Just 'Show me the money!' Ain't nuttin funny (uh-huh) Have you stuck on stupid broke feelin crummy (ahah) Ain't no time for Girl 6  Cause I got a ten, holdin my stack of big Benz Correographer causin your funky dope maneuver (say what?) Bad Boy represent, keep it sewer Killin You Softly wit my song Call from the heist, I know y'all better think twice (what?) about the still number one (uh-huh) South South Bronx (say what?) At the Latin Quarter, dancin witcha daughter (ooh!) You can't handle me, I keep it tight With my Bad Boy family, that's right Chorus: And we won't stop, cause we can't stop (repeat 4X)   Step into a world, where there's no one left   But the very best, no MC can test Verse Three: KRS-One Uhh, uhh, South Bronx You sitin and you wonderin, how we keep it comin in KRS and Puff again to push it, and shove it in (that's right) The neighborhood be buggin when we we comin in, rulin (With more Wildcats than Rick Pitino, I mean yo) Just Coolin', like Levert, I do work They love me, thick with G. Simone, Puffy Young black and educated, that's how we made it (oh yeah) Study and bring the money in, you can't fade it This scholar, gets the dollars While these other scholars just holler (remix) With no dinero, your zero (remix) You think I care what you whisper You got the wrong picture (remix) I'm chillin with G. Simone eatin dinner (haha) The 1997 winner, of your respect  High tech, you get the album or cassette (that's right) And don't forget, while you listenin, skills I flaunt it  That Boogie Down Bronx shit, we on it [Puffy] Scott LaRock rest in peace, Biggie Smalls rest in peace   Step into a world We love y'all, always and forever, and we won't stop   Where there's no one left Cause we can't stop, and we won't stop   Where the very best BDP, Bad Boy   No MC can test Cause we can't stop, and we won't stop (repeat 4X)   Step into a world, where there's no one left   But the very best, no MC can test (repeat last refrain to fade) Rock on, Bad Boy, remix, for eternity baby, BDP rock on rock on... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ P. Diddy Album: 10 Song: After School Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {P. Diddy and LL ad lib for 19 seconds} [LL Cool J] I know a honey named Millie, raised out in Philly Body so illy she make a grown man silly A brainiac really she pretend she dilly Like, "Why you always look at me like that, you feel me?" [P. Diddy] There's a girl named Wendy, love black Bentleys Nails in her mouth, stay tryin to tempt me She rolls with her sister and they both real friendly It wasn't like that when my pockets was empty [LL Cool J] Shorty named Suzie, not quite a floozy Let's just say she has a problem bein choosy Scarf on her doobie when she in the jacuzzi On the celly with her man, "Love you - I'm at the movies" [P. Diddy] Bird named Chyna (baby where you find her) Uptown, she wrote a map down with eyeliner Hotness, two or three girlfriends behind her (On Amsterdam, lay in the lane, dippin despite her) [Chorus: P. Diddy and LL paraphrasing "Rappers Delight"] So after school, I take a dip in the pool Which is really, on the wall I got a color TV, so I can see, the Knicks play basketball And we talkin bout checkbooks, credit cards, more money than a sucker, could ever spend But I couldn't give a what about them cats you with Get your friends baby, jump in the Benz [P. Diddy] I got a judge named Donna, I call her Your Honor Whylin out with the gavel and the silk pajamas (let's go) [LL Cool J] And then there's Tamika, the seargeant gets deeper She turned the bass way up and wind on the speaker Girl named Kelly, rhinestones in her belly Curly red hair, crackin jokes in the telly Game concealed, a female Machiavelli Hopin and prayin that I ain't ready for the jelly [P. Diddy] What about Asia (major flavor) Can you feel it? Nothin can save ya Once again I got 'em catchin the vapors [LL Cool J] Mr. Smith bout to get this paper Paparazzi, pleaase give me a minute You're pushin me to the limit, I know that I represent it Be easy! [P. Diddy] Tammy, down in Miami Fa'scheezy baby uhh, I see you at the Grammy's [P. Diddy] Everybody go - I wanna rock right now LL and Diddy, we came to get down Yes we're internationally known for making movies and the microphone Cause we get crazy, I mean outrageous You rollin with us? You rollin with flavor Ask Penny, I call her Good'n'Plenty (why?) Cause after the show, there's nuttin open but Denny's (oh yeah) Maybe the waffle house, down South there's many She fix me a T-bone and take it to the Bentley [LL Cool J] Little Shaniqua, from Massapequa Went and bought a beeper so I could reach her - anyway [P. Diddy] When you talk about Diddy and L You talk about careers that's hard to kill The whole entire globe recognize the grill Walkin down the red carpet we're chilly chill! [P. Diddy] Everybody go - I wanna rock right now LL and Diddy, we came to get down Yes we're internationally known for making movies and the microphone Cause we get crazy, I mean outrageous You rollin with us? You rollin with flavor {*short ad libs*} Everybody go.. [LL] Friends to the end baby, y'knahmsayin? [PD] Got history baby [LL] Not even, no question about it [PD] We won't stop [LL] Yeah never, word up, we keepin this money [PD] 10 [LL] Oh yeah [PD] 10 [LL] Rockin with my man, rockin with that Bad Boy cat [PD] Uncle L [LL] Rock the Bells [PD] A.K.A., Black Elvis [LL] P. Diddy [PD] Diddy [LL] Hottest man in the city [PD] Y'all see it [LL] Word up, please believe it [PD] Smile at it, love it, embrace it [LL] Ahh, grin baby, grin [PD] Get used to it [LL] That gettin money smile The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Loon f/ Kelis, P. Diddy Album: Loon Song: How You Want That Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Pharrell Williams] Hah hah hah hahh - hah Hah hah hah hahh - hah [Intro: P. Diddy] Yeah, Bad Boy baby! Loon! {*Loon humming*} It's your turn now kid Show em what you got [Verse: Loon] I be that young handsome cat Same color chocolate Same nigga pop shit, same nigga got shit Loon ain't no lame, Loon never gossip Nigga Loon in the game cause Loon got some hot shit Sick of you cats screaming out block shit I done sold numerous drugs and drew the block sick Look at me now, pull up in the drop six Bitch in your block looked at my watch and she got sick Look at her now, all up in the cock pit Rolling my windows up to get a kid top quick Loon is a pimp, trick ain't the topic? Nigga you do the shrimp, trip to the tropics That's not my steez, not like me It's not the way I wanna blow my cheese, like I blow my trees The whole world know I need, a girl that'll curl my toes for me [Chorus: Kelis] (2x) How you want that? Tell me how you want that How you want that? Tell me how you want that Daddy how you want to give it to me A Bad Boy is what I need [Verse: Loon] Less confusion, party with Puff last conclusion Grab shorty there wit the hair, ass is huge and Lips is juicy, way she move her hips so loosely Critical curves see it through furs Curious so I want to see if it's hers Delirious so I had to see if it's her (it wasn't me) I ain't touch you that's on me and my words You ain't gotta flip the script, kick me to the curb Cause I was, just checking you wasn't disrespecting you Lips so sexual while your friend's protecting you Baby girl I know you're far from a slut I know the difference between a car and a truck I'm not a dumb nigga You had these young niggas scarring you up You know the difference between a scar and a cut You're not a dumb nigga So let's take it from the car to the club And hit the bar and get a bottle of bub, and have fun nigga [Verse: Loon] Baby all bubble, have a lil chat a small huddle Time to make money and more trouble And we all hungry and all hustle And we all humble, but together we got more muscle And we got dough, nigga me and P we hot yo Make a hip hop show look like a rock show Ooh Jesus Christ! look the way that the rocks glow Want the world to see so we keeping them tops low Rascal, keep it on my lap for Broscoe One shot your blood drip thicker than Basco Drop though, keep the illest cat wit the hot flow Watch your pro turn grown men to a snot nose I pity a fool, never touch titties in schools Son you can't hang wit Diddy and Loon We allstars, nigga playing bet he was cool Got more broads than you and any nigga in your crew, Bad Boy [P. Diddy] (Kelis in background) Yeah! Bad Boy baby The Legacy continues! We won't stop, yeah, and another one And another one, let's go [Chorus - to fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Madd Rapper f/ Puff Daddy Album: Tell 'Em Why You Madd Song: How We Do Typed by: PhiLLyThuG64@hotmail.com [Puff Daddy] Cats hate me cause I mastered this PD the one who brought class to this I brought a brand new 6 just to blast my disc Pockets fool of chips with the glass on the wrist Got a mashion in the Hamptons that niggas would kill for but I'm never  really home I live on the billboards Cause I remained da most famous Entertiner Yacht by the dock jetplane in the hanger Haters all hating and the ladies all waiting That's how I stay winning You the hottest in the nation Getting my bounce on Dipped in Sean John Chilling in Justins and spilling the Sean Don I roll in the Rolls on cruise-control If you know what I know then you can go where I go Got a whole alot of dough and money in escrow Having fun spending one's and watching my sons grow Like my nigga Bust said Give Me Some Mo We in the record store or you can catch us on tour Bad Boy 99 goin shine once more Making sure everybody know the time once more Chorus-Puff Daddy and Madd Rapper [Puff] Yo every nigga want to get it like we do [Madd Rapper] Tired of getting money illegal [Puff] Those million dollar deals thats how we do [Madd Rapper] Me too I think I need too see you [Puff] Yo every nigga want to get it like we do [Madd Rapper] I want to get on and get it from my people [Puff] Spill the henny out the bently thats how we do [Madd Rapper] me too I think I need too see you [Madd Rapper] Yo I want to live in the lap of lux with a maid who does windows, cooks,  cleans, and fucks Bust long nuts king sized deluxe 20 room mashion chauffer with a tux See all I want to do is make a little trick money dinner and a flick money  wet my dick money Make a few hit records and fuck me a thick honey Stop hoping the trains for that quick stick money Lay up in the cut and receive hugs and kisses scope wild bitches with champagne wishes Wishin they could be all up under me No more fun for me strictly bubbly Like who in ya right minds don't wantin ball in a benz? Popping Cris at the bar floss with all your friends Got me not Me nigga if ya give me a buick I be scooping bitches up like what fool lets do it Chorus 2x [Puff Daddy] Now I'm young, black and gettin it I payed my dues I'm just playin the game I ain't make the rules I know you seen it on the news a hundred-thou in jewels PHing is played out so whats da deal with yall fools? [Madd Rapper] I'm still hatin Still waitin for my day to blow so I can do shows fly ho's up in my video I'm on your radio with the ghetto report In the cut with a dutch drinking 40's in quarts [Puff Daddy] Oh so now you shinin with checks and shit Soon you going to be riding around in new Lexus' But I suspected this once you seen a little dough now you wanta blow do your  own thing mothafucka [Madd Rapper] Yo its about to be crazy as a matter of fact Just show a nigga the way and I"mma lock up rap I'mma guarantee sales and them platinum plaques Crazy Cat ,Bad Boy son and that be that Chorus to end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Lyte f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Puff Daddy Album: Cold Rock a Party (Bad Boy Remix) CD-5 Song: Cold Rock a Party (Remix) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Puff Daddy] I thought I told you.. that we won't stop I rock the party.. that rocks your body I rock the party, that rocks your body Let's go! [Lyte]	Yeah [Puff]	Uh-huh, yeah 	Uh-huh, yeah 	Uh-huh, yeah 	The remix, heheh! Chorus: [MC Lyte] (Puff Daddy) I rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) You rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) I rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) You rock the party that rocks the body (uh-huh, yeah) [MC Lyte] So what's yo' status? .. I be the baddest .. Bee to hit the scene since the gangsta lean I'm all ears, so what you got to say? I hope you bubblin it baby, now bubblin it my way Let it rain; ain't no salt up in the game (nah) Still want you the same (yeah) ain't a thing changed Instead of knockin boots .. we be kickin down Gortex Except it ain't raw sex Ruffnecks (yeah) throw your hands in the air! Let me hear you say oh yeah! Trust-You-Me-I'll-Blow-Up-Shop About to blow the roof right offa hip-hop Chorus 2X [Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott] I'm the M-I-double-S-S, yo' best best, bitch from V-A-A And I be smokin hay all day in the barn, damnit, darn Uhh, Puff Daddy be my pal When I hee-hee.. hee-hee-hehehehe-how I took your number one spot, I jump skip then I hop I'm so hot, so you can't forgets-me-not to the yes yes y'all, I'ma take a pause Cause I be "Feelin' Myself" like I was T-Boz Uh uh.. Puff Daddy make em cream! The L-Y-T to the E make em scream And I'ma sho' nuff be the, boss on this team Show, all you MC's how Missy make the green Uh-huh, uh-huh Chorus 2X [MC Lyte] Some say I'm SHADY (that's right) That's me Complicated rap star, meet Lyte the MC You see I'm on to you baby and your mechanism How you hit it when you're in it, so hot you keep it sizzlin No ooh-achie-koo, and all of that too Keep me wetter than the waters of Kalamazoo Nigga who you comin wit? Where your posse at? I leave the boys alone, tell her you won't be back I got the cheese baby; my cheddar's better I got that milk, for that Amarett-ah Trust-You-Me-I'll-Blow-Up-Shop Have a little nig' callin the cops, watch! Chorus [MC Lyte] (Puff Daddy) I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body body body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body (round and round you're turnin me, turnin me) You rock the party that rocks the body (upside down you turnin me, turnin me) (round and round you're turnin me, turnin me..) Uh! I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body (yeah) I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body (yeah) (upside down you turnin me, turnin me) (round and round you're turnin me, turnin me.. yeah) (upside down you turnin me, turnin me.. Bad Boy) (round.. and round.. and round and round.. and round) (you're turnin me, turnin me, c'mon..) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: MC Lyte f/ Puff Daddy Album: Cold Rock a Party 12" Song: Cold Rock a Party (MC Lyte Main Version) Typed by: jam3s16@hotmail.com intro (Puff Daddy) I thought I told you... that we won't stop I rock the party, that rocks your body I'll rock the party, that rocks your body Let's go... (chorus) I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body (verse 1) MC Lyte So what's your status? I be the baddest B to hit the scene since the gangsta lean, I'm all ears So what you got to say, I hope you bubbling it baby Now bubbling it my way, let it rain Ain't no sword up in the game, still want you the same Ain't a thing changed, instead of knocking boots We be kicking down Gore-Tex, accept it ain't raw sex Roughnecks, throw your hands in the air Lemme hear you say, Oh Yeah Trust you me I blow up shop About to blow the roof right off of hip hop (chorus) (verse 2) MC Lyte I'm scorching hot burn the roof off the jam Got alot but I'm craming to understand How I got it like this See I'm gifted and blessed But I'm never lifted off of any kind of stress I stress that I'm a witness, to this jam Lyte the MC is who I am I cold rock a party in the B girl stance I rock on the floor make the fella's wanna dance Now I be the uh and it's all good And if you understood... Trust you me I blow up shop It ain't nuttin' but real hip hop (chorus) (verse 3) MC Lyte Some say I'm shady (that's right) That's me, complicated rap star, meet Lyte the MC You see I'm on to you baby and your mechanism How you hit it when you're in it so hot you keep it fizzling No, ooh ah she ooo, and all of that too Keep me wetter than the waters of Kalamazoo Nigga who you come here wit? Where your posse at? Uh, leave your boys alone Tell her you won't be back, I got the cheese baby My chedder's better, I got that milk, for that Amaretto Trust you me I blow up shop, Had a little nig' calling the cops Watch me... (chorus) x2 I rock the party that rocks the body You rock the party that rocks the body (Puff Daddy) Upside down you turning me, turning me Round and round you turning me, turning me (chorus) (Puff Daddy) Upside down you turning me, turning me Round and round you turning me, turning me Upside down you turning me, turning me Round Round round round round Turning me turning The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Method Man f/ Missy Elliott, P. Diddy Album: Tical 0: The Prequel Song: Say What Typed by: CnoEvil@Wu-Lyricz.Com [Intro: Missy Elliott (Method Man)] Yeah! This-this-this-this This is an exclusive (let's go) Mr. Meth, you're so Def, you put them other M.C.'s out to rest (that's right) And they test (uh-huh), but they forget (yeah) how the M-E-F is so Def (let's go) [Method Man] Yo, uh, come on, come on, now Big Meth attack soon as the track come on now Zone out, with Sean Combs and bizzy-bone out (I see you in the club) And by one, I'm gettin' thrown out Mami, got her toes out, ain't one army can Blaze Johnny Like Gwen Stafani, you know there's No Doubt I'm trill, sick with it, it's like ill That's the only way to explain these mic skills On Homicide Hill, anybody asks is real The more steel, the more bodybags to fill Can I get, hit of that hydro, nigga I tried to quit puffin' before, but I'm no quitter If honey show me her buns, I'll show her my ones If the bed rockin', keep knockin' and I'mma cum Want some, take some, I get it crunk Speak junk, I'll slow up your road with speed bumps [Chorus: Missy Elliott w/ P. Diddy doing ad-libs] When they play this in the club (say what?) Go and tell that nigga, bump that (say what?) Throw your hands up, like nigga, what? (say what?) Ya'll don't really really want that (say what?) And for whatever muthafucka, don't like it (say what?) Tell that sucka he can get back (say what?) Misdemeanor and Meth in your area (say what?) Are ya'll ready? Come on, play it back (saw what?) [Method Man] You wanna front, what? Step up and get bucked And if your feelin' lucky, duck, then press ya'll luck Ya'll got me effed up, over tracks overreact Once I start, like a bullet, ain't no holdin' me back I'm all that and two mac's, ya'll fakin' jacks When I cock back like Busta Bust and make 'em clap Here I go again, who blow in like whirlwinds Who kiss girlfriends, that kiss they girlfriends Got to get it, and when I'm gone Ya'll bury me with chrome, and tell hell I'm comin' home I'm poison, see my skull and crossbones Got aim like them kids in Iraq who toss stones And I got drugs in my system, we thugs in the system That put slugs in victims, Mr. M-E to F, bomb threat As long as I ain't no game, there's no contest [Method Man] Ticallion is phatter than your fattest chrome chain I guess that should explain why I given the dope name Ain't nothin' free, everything got a fee How the fuck you got a car and ain't got a pot to pee? I'ma grown man, so I do grown man things Why take half, when I can have this whole damn thing? It's Meth, baby, drop top, navy Mercedes I'm number one like P.E. or Tracy McGrady It's all good, everything I spit, all hood And if ya'll gave me one wish, niggaz, I wish ya'll would Who John Blaze? Uh, when ya'll gon' learn huh When I burn son, stick a fork in him he's done And ladies love to play, like Ladies Love Cool J For the right CREAM, the'll do anything you say She Ice Cream, I'm caked up with icing Mr. Sandman, come on, bring her a pipe dream [Outro: P. Diddy] Let's work... come on Def Jam! Mr. Meth, Missy, Bad Boy Hitmen baby, let's work, come on Let's work, come on, yeah Uh, let's work... aiyo pass that nigga Joe Hooker, I see you, let's work, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mic Geronimo f/ Puff Daddy Album: Vendetta Song: Nothin' Move But The Money Typed by: djblock44@yahoo.com [Puffy] aha aha yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Keep it movin' come on and keep it movin' [X4] [Mic Geronimo] Pimped out shine, boss to a tee ask yourself can you ball like me it's nothin that an amatuer can try to see even hoes with the most step carefully, around me abide by the rules you know disturb my groove and you gots to lay low Geronimo have it in the cut hogged tied fucked up staring at gats from both sides I stay high puff a pound or so spearing the dough, accordly we run it, how it go? Can't nobody hold me down like my nigga Puff say, cut so sharp, you think we sensei, Ima break it down audio display with some help from the Bad Boys mic don't play frontin' on my crew nigga crime don't pay we back in ya face kickin' dirt all day Protege niggas that rhyme, don't try it's a fact, you've been hitted by the Master-I Emcees wanna gun me and take my life from me It's funny but still ain't nothin' move but the money It's on... Times are hard? Times are rough? Feelin' like you had enough, we can make it, gotta try make a change, live your life [Mic Geronimo] Struggle for years is gone, I'm back fully on with the tracks with the plagues we get illy on niggas carry on while I'll place in funds and makin' some, the value it make 'em run grams and tons of rhymes, if you coppin one let your man know, make sure he rockin one Here it is in the cut, clientelle at the throat the bomb shit blowin' like a bag of choke mad you wrote a verse but it just don't fit writtin' that shit with the niggas you running to roll with, I told y'all Imma control the world with this, microphone like a anthem, it just don't miss give me somethin' to run with I'm on the block all the niggas we hold you see they underlocked, still Emcees wanna gun me and take my life from me It's funny but still ain't nothin' move but the money It's on... Times are hard? Times are rough? Feelin' like you had enough, we can make it, gotta try make a change, live your life [Mic Geronimo] Geronimo got it locked up like HDM, blowin' the twenty with shortie in the grey B.M gettin dirty after dark like 4 AM and strokin' my little mami 'til her body say when I'm more amazing then a Spielberg flick mix it with a little bit of the Tarantino shit, Y'all need to quit while you're movin' ahead, see we stoppin' on the bank up in the game, enough said a team so strong what can stop me now y'all niggas better hope y'all top me now, and still Emcees wanna gun me and take my life from me It's funny but still ain't nothin' move but the money It's on... Can't you see that what I mean is the mon-ey Cant you see... [Chorus 3X] [Puff] yeah yeah yeah yeah Blunt records, Bad Boy collabo yeah I see The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Miguel f/ Diddy, French Montana Album: Adorn (DJ Ted Smooth Remix) (S) Song: Adorn (DJ Ted Smooth Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Diddy] (Miguel) (*DJ Ted Smooth) Aiyyo! (Always adorn you yeah!) This, is, the remix (You gotta know now, you gotta know now now nowwwwww!!!) I ain't say that in a minute, Miguel! French Montana! Bad Boy!  Yo Ted Smooth! (*Ted Smooth! Straight Face! You Remember!) [Verse One: Diddy] (*Sample from "Kick In The Door" by Notorious B.I.G.) Aiyyo your love is like perfection (Like perfection) My protection (My protection) Yeah! My resurrection (Let's rock!) I need it when I be stressin (Uh Huh!)  You the ingredients to my blessings Murk the streets out (Come on!) Murder the beach house Jump in convertibles jeeps to peace out Used to get you open, all gold benz (Yeah!) Gold ropes and gazellies with no lens (WOO!) You know that Bad Boy gang, cold as cocaine Smooth like Coltrain, groovy like +Soul Train+ I Kick in the door wavin the four four (*BIGGIE) If I ever hear you say that you don't love me no more Sean! [Verse Two: Miguel] These, lips (Can't rock don't stop come on) Can't wait to taste your skin (Oh yeah you know we back!) Baby! No no now! And these eyes, yeah, I can't wait to see your grin, oooh oooh baby! [Chorus: Miguel] (Diddy) (*French Montana) Juuussssttt! (Like this let's rock! Come on!) Leeeettttt my love, just let my love adorn you Please baby!!! Yeahhhh! You gotta knoooow! You gotta know (*Montana!) You know that I adorn you! (*Los! C and M!) (Bad Boy baby!) Yeah baby! (Coke Boyz!) (*What! HA!!!!) [Verse Three: French Montana] (*Sample from "Kick In The Door" by Notorious B.I.G.) (**Diddy) Roll my weed, transform my V Drop here me and Puff bumpin B.I.G. (*BIGGIE!) Ride with your main squeeze (HA!) Watch her face freeze (HA!) Watch about a hundred baby they don't make these (BLING!!!) Versace robe, Medusa and the lion here (HA!) It's true pimpin no blue ribbon just tyin bread (HA!) And you can tell by the swag baby (HA!) Shorty 'gon buss it open before I bag baby (HA!) (**Yeah!) Jump in the whip (Whip!) Dippin from the haters (Haters!) Damn! Why they wanna stick me for my paper?! (HA!) (**I don't know)  Lil' mama scooped me in the big body (Body!) (**Come on!) Blew her back out and now she tellin ev'rybody MONTANA!) [Verse Four: Miguel] (Diddy) Baby these, fists girl (Sing!) Will always protect ya (Ain't nothin like a Bad Boy remix!) Lady! (Ted Smooth!) And this, mind, oooh will never neglect you, yeah baby! oooh oooh oooh! And they stay tryin to break us down, but don't let that affect us, no baby! [Chorus: Miguel] You just gotta let my love! Let my looooooovvveee! Let my love adorn you Ah Let-Let-Let-Let it just adorn you You gotta know, you gotta know, know that I adorn you, just that babe IIIIIIIIIIII!!!! IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!! Oh ah! Let my love adorn you baby Don't you ever, don't you let nobody tell you different baby Always adorn you, you gotta know now, you gotta know now now nowwwwww!!! [Bridge: Miguel] Oooh Oooh Oooh! Oh yeaaahhhhhhhhhhh!!!! The same way that the stars, do in the skies yeah! (Na na na yeah!) Oh!! And look up sugar! (Na na na yeah!) Na na hey hey hey!!! The same way that the whole world's in your eyes (Let me look in your eyes baby!) Oooh and it's time now [Outro: Miguel] You ohhhhh! Let! Let my looooovvvvvvvveee!!! Adorn you baby! Hey! Let-Let-Let it dress you down!  You got to know baby! Oh you gotta know!!!! Let my love adorn you girl!!! Oh and love ain't never look so good adorn girl!!! Oh put it on baby! Let my love! Looovvveeeeee!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mr. Cheeks f/ Missy Elliot, P. Diddy, Petey Pablo Album: Lights, Camera, Action 12" Song: Lights, Camera, Action (Remix) Typed by: Fitchboy2345@aol.com (Missy Elliot) [P. Diddy] Yeah Watch out Big dogg [this is the remix] Big dogg [This is the remix] (Missy Elliot) Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) When I come through the door I'm on the floor You wanna see my ass shake yeah Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) And when I move it around You in the corner like DANG how she do that there? Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) It's the beat in the mean time See I'm a crime, I keep the crowd jumpin' Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) It's the haters that hate the game, and talkin loud You aint sayin nothin! Remix (Uh!) Mr. Cheeks big dogg My boys, they put it heavy on the trissat Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) High hats, baseline (bom, bom, bom, bom blat, blat get at!) Remix (ohhhhhhhhhhh!) It's the remix (goddamn) It don't get no better Remix (Uh!) Y'all suckers and busters bein fly too Q you better get up! Uh! (Chorus) (Mr. Cheeks) Shorty Turn it around, let me see somethin Come with me, and there really gonna be somethin I'm talkin lights, camera, action Have me sayin' "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson" Turn it around, let me see somethin Come with me, and there really gonna be somethin I'm talkin lights, camera, action Have me saying "I'm sorry Ms. Jackson" (P. Diddy) It's time for some action Camera's flashin Everywhere, main attraction They react like I'm one of the Jacksons I guess it's just my name that attracts them Remix World famous PD I moved in, I live on TV (Remix) And I stay on your radio stations Cuz I'm placed in heavy rotation Remix Now let's shake to this How much more can you make to this (Wooo hoooo!) I like the sound of that Tell the bartender to send another round to that Remix I don't know where they found you at Just keep movin round like that Take it to the ground and back Oh! She's serious Now turn around one time I'm curious Yeah, thisistheremix Yeah (Chorus) (Mr. Cheeks) Remix (Yo!) I'm that nigga that come through with the crew hit the bar start to roll shit Remix (Yo!) I bet when the world get a load of this here they be like "oh shit!" Remix (Yeah) The type of joint that make a nigga take a chick back to the tele-kere Remix (Oh!) Big things Mr. Cheeks, P. Diddy, and Missy Elliot Remix (Yo!) I got my bottle of Mo My double shot of Jack and I play the background Remix (Yo!) Until I see something Now I'm really wantin And I go and lay my mack down Remix (Oh!) The dance floor's packed We on the tables, and we bounce on the seats too Now you understand work, big niggas, and hot ass lyrics and beats too (GOOOODAMN!) Thane on the track with Mr. Cheeks And the m-to the s-I-e- Spittin shit in cambridge Around 60 degrees, in Carolina Mr. Petey, Petey, take your shirt off Spin it one time for me SAYY HHHOOOWWWW Get your freak on In the remix In the V, Philly or The City Love those who got love for me Hold those who be holdin me Ddddddown all the way down to the ggggground with me (YESSSIR!) Hit the bar, next round on me Get drunk, get y'all loose Anybody see gon be P Petey Pab on the star in the Ms. Jackson beat (DAMN!) Got the whole club with me (DAMN!) Shorty with you I'd miss jack the freak Stick your tongue out (EWWWWWW!) In here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nas f/ Puff Daddy Album: I Am Song: Hate Me Now Typed by: kmelpla@hotmail.com [Puff] Escobar season has returned... [Nas] It's been a long time, been a long time comin Looks like the death of me now But you know, there's no turning back now This is what makes me - this is what I am [Puff] Feel me? Let's go [Base Chorus: Puff Daddy] You can hate me now.. but I won't stop now.. Cause I can't stop now.. you can hate me now.. But I won't stop now.. cause I can't stop now.. You can hate me now.. you can hate me NOWWWW.. [1st Chorus: add Nas after each pause] Q.B., real niggas, Bravehearts, c'mon [1st Chorus: after Nas add Puff Daddy ad lib] Well you hate me I'm gon' hate you too It's as simple as that Die motherfucker die motherfucker die You don't give a fuck I don't give a fuck Go down any way you want it to go down (do it now) Weak, jealous motherfuckers (do it now, do it now) Fuck y'all! [Verse 1] Don't hate me, hate the money I see, clothes that I buy Ice that I wear, clothes that I try, close your eyes Picture me rollin, sixes, money foldin Bitches honies that swollen to riches, Nas get in ya Most critically acclaimed Pulitzer, prize winner Best storyteller thug narrator my style's greater Model dater, big threat to a lot of you haters Commentators ringside try watchin my paper Almost a decade, quite impressive Most of the best is in the essence for this rap shit that I stand for Expandin more to the big screen, Bill Gates dreams But it seems you'd rather see me in jail with state greens Want me off the scene fast, but good things last like your favorite MC still makin some mean cash First rapper to bring a platinum plaque, back to the projects but you still wanna hate, be my guest, I suggest [Puff Daddy] Money is power motherfucker I got millions of thugs on salary, bitch (do it now) [Base Chorus] [2nd Chorus: add Puff Daddy after each pause] I won't stop I can't stop You can hate me I hate you too You can hate me now.. You can hate me now.. [Nas] Do it now, I told you do it now [Puff] Let's go [Verse 2] You wanna hate me then hate me; what can I do but keep gettin money, funny I was just like you I had to hustle hard never give up, until I made it Now y'all sayin that's a clever nigga, nuttin to play with Hate on me, I blew but I'm the same ol G People warn me, when you're on top there's envy Took my niggas out the hood, but you doubt on us Sayin we left the hood but can't get it out of us My bad, should I step out my shoes, give 'em to you? Here's my cars and my house, you can live in that too Criticize when I flow for the streets, hate my dress code Gucci this, Fendi that, what you expect hoe? Nickname Esco', took this game to its threshold Best flow I bet the whole U.S. know Try to make it like you the realest, but who the illest? Think we all know the answer to that, cause niggas feel this right [Puff Daddy] You think I'ma come this far, and let you niggas stop me now? I hate you too!! (Do it now!) [Base Chorus] [3rd Chorus: add Puff Daddy after each pause] I won't stop I can't stop You can hate me I hate you too You can hate me now.. You can hate me now.. [Puff] I like this.. I like the way this feels [Verse 3] It's a thin line between paper and hate friends and snakes, nine millis and thirty-eights Hell or the pearly gates; I was destined to come Predicted, blame God, he blew breath in my lungs Second to none, wicked turn wives to widows Shoot through satin pillows, the desolate one Took a little time to claim my spot Chairman of the board until this game stop, and I side with the Lord Ride for the cause while drivin niggas shot at my doors Plottin I'm sure to catch me with they glocks to my jaws Tried, stickin me up, but I flipped on these ducks (you tried) Instead of me, ambulances were picking them up (that's what you get) Niggas fear what they don't understand, hate what they can't conquer Guess it's just the fury of man Became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin I'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin C'mon [Puff Daddy] You ain't never seen a nigga like me, ever in your life And that's what you can't understand! [Base Chorus] [4th Chorus: start w/ Puff Daddy, then after each pause] You can hate me now I won't stop I can't stop You can hate me I hate you too You can hate me now.. You can hate me now.. [Puff] You can hate me now [Nas] C'mon niggas [Puff] But I won't stop now [Nas] Do it now! Get this shit over with [Puff] But I won't stop now.. [Nas] It ain't gon' never stop niggas [Puff] I can't stop.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Nelly f/ Diddy Album: 5.0 Song: 1000 Stacks Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  Blade... {*echoing whisper*} [Diddy] Yeah (yeah) Aiyyo Nelly (aiyyo Nelly) Let's do this (let's do this) AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! [Notorious B.I.G. sample] + (Diddy) "At-at-at last, I'm literally loungin black" (yeah) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (c'mon) "At last, I'm literally loungin black" (yeah) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh Got a bad bitch with me, she in the Valentino Half black and Filipino, I let her count the C-notes Her under Apple Bottom, my underwear Sean John A hundred on every arm, hundred more in my charm (let's go) [Chorus: Diddy] + (Nelly) (Tell 'em Puff!) Let your mind, let your body and your soul go {Let your soul go} It's aight, get your money, stack more dough (Tell 'em Puff!) Pick a day, get your girl, come and play C'mon, you know my motherfuckin name - you know my motherfuckin name [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh How 'bout we hop the Monte Carlo tomorrow with lots of bottles In the ocean with the goggles and act like we won the lotto Uh-oh! Lamborghini, Bugatto, I'm mashin on the throttle My motto is snatch your model with a lot of {?} Ay! Insane, my game is like James Or, Kobe or maybe Dwyane Wade's Fresh shades, Alexander McClains Bottles of Ros, Croc and O.J. [Interlude: Notorious B.I.G. sample] + (Diddy) "At last, I'm literally loungin black" (c'mon) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "At last, I'm literally loungin black" (c'mon) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) "Sittin back, sittin back, sittin back, sittin back" (c'mon) "Sittin back, countin double digit thousand stacks" (let's go) [Nelly] I kick in the door, wavin the 4-4 All you heard was "Derrty, don't hurt 'em no more" Well fuck that, I'm takin my ring back (ring back) So take that (take that) so take that [Nelly] I pull up to the party, Bacardi, smokin cigar-y with the baddest little shorty cause shorty love to get naughty Uh-oh! Dollar after dollar you niggaz might wanna holla I cinch your little collar, I'll {?} you with a comma Ay! Keep time, eight-piece shine We fly, only in G-5 Uh-oh! She's fine, yup, she's mine Put your peace high, homie for B.I. [Interlude] [Nelly] Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh Now - what y'all wanna do? You fuckin with a baller, a St. Louis brawler You can hate but she gon' fuck with me regardless V-V-A flawless, all this [Nelly] Uhh, stackin paper's contagious, buildin paper skyscrapers Uhh, stuntin outrageous, comin straight out the matrix Uh-oh! Hustle lil' mami, countin paper's my hobby Throwin up the Ducati, down the streets of Miami C'mon, my neck gold, the bling is Ringo And uhh, it came gold, it made to hang low Uh-oh! The bankroll is made to stay swole And uhh, it can't fold, more paper than Kangol [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Noreaga f/ Capone, Foxy Brown, Maze, Muze, P. Diddy Album: Nothin' 12" Song: Nothin' (Remix) Typed by: tatagrabba@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Verse 1] [Foxy Brown] ayo yoyoyo one two one two (OH!) Brooklyn is definetly in the building tonight y'all! This is the remix, I'm in the best shape of my life y'all Oh yes I mean.. Home girl I came to party (okay) Young mans watchin my body (ohh!) He's a haggle and no i'm not baggin him (uhh ooh!) But you don't want the girls to come over and start askin him What you wanna do, nigga? (Nothin') What you tryin to do, nigga? (Nothin') What you wanna do, nigga? (Nothin') What you tryin to do (Yeah!) I'll show you how to do this hun, what? How y'all want it my pumps is 900 These ain't polo, nigga, these is manolo Twist Rovers y'all runnin's over I grooves on with a mean diddy bop And an H-Todd jean and a good shoe on now Catch me in the hood stylin proper Them dudes say I spit like a dude in a bitch body [Noreaga] Home boy, I'm drunk in the club and won't hurl Home boy, I'm leavin the club with white girl Home boy, get out of my face and just taste Home boy, I'm leavin this spot with new case UH-OH, see these niggas gotta stay in they lanes With a clown ass Foxy and they ain't the same At the white boy club, while I'm buyin the bar They like hey now you still an all star (Heh Heh) Playboy, we came to party (ohh!) Your bitch was tryna fuck me (ohh!) She's a haggler naw I'm not taggin her (uhh ohh!) But you don't want them boys to come over and start askin ya (ohh!) What you wanna do? (Nothin') What you tryna to do? (Nothin') What y'all wanna do? (Nothin') What the fuck y'all tryna to do [Verse 2] [Capone] Well I'm known to keep it thorough in the MC field We ain't respectin no one and two to ya nail Cuz I shoot to get loose, when its time to perform Fuck riots in the set, when they turn my mic on I'll rap a second time, and put two in the air EAT MONEY the bridge murder unit is here Nigga front and get popped, ain't no fuckin with my dough Girls with my jock, with my dough intro [Maze] I'll like the way she movin in her pradas She got a booty like and African (YEEAH) I bet her last name ain't bam bottom (NOOO) Now get ya diamonds (YEEAH), if you ain't knowin left brat We sayin show up, you still sayin hi [Muze] Homeboy, we ain't come to party We came to buy ya drinks Til ya earl and ya mink When you drunk brainless, make you relinquish Everything you came with, this is the remix! [Bridge: repeat 8X] La la la la la la la la la (ohh!) [Verse 3] P. Diddy (Noreaga) You know its rough, rugged, hard cuz i'm P (You can't touch Pone and you can't touch me) (You faggots) No con rappers on quest (Forget your headphones, boy your gonna need a vest) You know I flips it in the trucks and the coupes (See my wife ain't home, but my hookers is loose) I keeps a haggler inside an accura (And all my niggas, they gotta start baggin her) [Muze] Yo step, hold up, twist the dro up Switch the flow up, might hit ya hoe up Cuz ya girl was lookin at me One x, she's really freaky [Maze] Hey y'all M-A-Z-E We the shit man thats too hard Imma rub out my enemies, hatin Crush the industry, get kid in bought them all like the.. [Bridge: repeat 8X] La la la la la la la la la (ohh!) [P. Diddy] As we proceed, to give you what you need! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Diddy, Fabolous, Jadakiss, OJ Da Juiceman, Rick Ross Album: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part One) 12" Song: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part One) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Diddy] (Red Cafe) BAAAAAAAAAAAAADDBOYYYYYYYY!!!!! THIS IS THE REMIX!!!! Red Cafe! WHO THE FUCK Y'ALL THINK Y'ALL FUCKIN WITH!!!! THIS IS WHAT YOU BEEN WAITIN FOR!!! I RUN SHIT HERE!!!! YOU JUST LIVE HERE!!!!!! (What else!!!!) THIS IS BAD BOY MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!! (HUH!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse One: Red Cafe] I'm the hottest in the hood, chick game silly Chick hand in my draws tryin to Free Willy Now all y'all really tryin to rhyme like me Boy verse fly like I wrote in on the plane Huh! Push weight no Royce Now the check cleared Shakedown, Bad Boy Hottest in the world, hottest in the game Rap King James I'm a put it on the chain Big hog at the valet DAMN Get 'em on they toes like it's ballet DAAAAAAAMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNN!!!!! Yeah! I get my 2Pac on Thuglife hottest in the hood dot com [Verse Two: Jadakiss] Eh-HEEEH! Uh, yeah Five years off, number three in the country Proof is in the pudding, yeah the hood wants me Straight from the kitchen, hate from a distance Not only the hottest but the most consistent (Why?) I'm about money and pussy, I'm not a banger (uh-uh) Always gon' be somewhere to put me, I'm like a hanger (uh) One thing about life, ain't no sequel Montega, Hayes, Pedico, E-Pills 'Bout to run a train on your wifey and I'm second next Treat ya face like +The Name of Love+ while I'm +Steppin+ Tour bus wit a buch of automatic weapons "Hottest in the Hood" remix and I'm reppin [Chorus: Red Cafe] (Diddy) And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on (THIS IS THE REMIX!!!!) And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Three: Rick Ross] (Diddy) Step out the kitchen, look like I'm slippin The chick made a puddle of it how the jewels drippin My niggas form a huddle everybody got positions The crib's Sportcenter, I ball on commission Run but I catch ya, fumble when I wet ya (Ross what they do?) Crumble under pressure That boy outta sight till that boy outta white Call the stick JJ cause that bitch dynamite Talkin China white, all black kicks Red Cafe, all black six Six spanish girls, tall black chicks She got a pair of shoes but you call that dick [Verse Four: Fabolous] It's LoSo.. Aiyyo, truthfully...How can they mistake you for me?  (What?) You're a joker, imitation, a spoof of me Call the referee, I consider it FOUL They just, follow my swag, Twitter my stlye Knowin I can make it go down. no Drano Son, I'll get up in yo ass, no rainbow I'm on my grown-man, time-piece, no chain-o Cuts on the face, yeah the watch's on Maino I body this joint, it's only the tag Who wanna be the new single and get thrown in the bag? Huh, guess who's back wit a motherfuckin vengeance Hottest in the hood like a motherfuckin engine [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Five: OJ Da Juiceman] AYYE..Juiceman in the building I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooood! Betta ask somebody, man I'm good Red diamond chain, I'm hood (aye, okay!) Big panky raing like bug Flaunt the credit but Juice still a thug Still trappin in the hood wit a plug And I'm workin in the kitchen cookin drugs Kushy blunt got me high like a bug Gold ring like the NBA Club I'll invent a hunter dining witcha girl Alaska and Atlanta hot herb Young Ju' manye, he a flam-er [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Outro: Diddy]] Shakedown, Konvict! Bad Boy, you know what it is! That's it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Busta Rhymes, Diddy, Juelz Santana, Lloyd Banks, Lore'l Album: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part Two) 12" Song: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part Two) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] REEEEEEMIXXXXXXXXX!!!!!!!!! PART TWO!!!!!!! [Diddy] (Red Cafe) BAAAAAAAAAAAAADDBOYYYYYYYY!!!!! THIS IS THE REMIX!!!! Red Cafe! WHO THE FUCK Y'ALL THINK Y'ALL FUCKIN WITH!!!! THIS IS WHAT YOU BEEN WAITIN FOR!!! I RUN SHIT HERE!!!! YOU JUST LIVE HERE!!!!!! (What else!!!!) THIS IS BAD BOY MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!! (HUH!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse One: Red Cafe] I'm the hottest in the hood, chick game silly Chick hand in my draws tryin to Free Willy Now all y'all really tryin to rhyme like me Boy verse fly like I wrote in on the plane Huh! Push weight no Royce Now the check cleared Shakedown, Bad Boy Hottest in the world, hottest in the game Rap King James I'm a put it on the chain Big hog at the valet DAMN Get 'em on they toes like it's ballet DAAAAAAAMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNN!!!!! Yeah! I get my 2Pac on Thuglife hottest in the hood dot com [Verse Two: Juelz Santana] (*Red Cafe) Aight, I'm the hottest in the hood, yeah I'm that nigga Ya girl wanna follow me and I don't mean Twitter Said she got a deep throat and I'ma make her hiccup (HIC!) I'ma make her feel me in her stomach like sit-ups (Ai!) Take her to the crib, +screw drive+ 'er like Phillips (yeah) Then I just hop in my hot con-ditcher Back to the money, yea to drop off some pick-ups First I do the drop-offs, then I do the pick-ups Tryna get richer, quicker, the day I stop gettin it That'll be the day they stop printin it, nigga (*WHAT ELSE) I act then look like I'm really rich (*WHAT ELSE) You act then look like an idiot  [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Three: Lore'l] I'm the hottest bitch, in the hooood Ask around, I got that good Make 'em say UGHHHHH, to the na na-nah Behind the ropes so you know I don't fuck with y'all (Nah) I ain't gotta turn on my swaaaaag ("Turn my swag on") Tagged up, pink LD bag Red Bottoms sick, make y'all hoes mad (y'all mad) My man in the new GQ mag (Navy Seal) I'm so fly that I got jetlag That's your guy? - Oh, my bad Yes I'm that, whip two-seated He wanna lick the w/rapper, I'm gonna let him eat it [Verse Four: Lloyd Banks] Uh! Soon as it stops snowin I'm a pull out the 'rari It looks like a spaceship sounds like a Harley I'm brighter than a light highlight of the party High like I'm a Marley all white in Bulgari All type of Bacardi I'm a have me a orgy Me, you, her and her to record me Tomorrow mornin I'm a have a beautiful story I ain't have to do much they was doin it for me My formula proper I'm stronger than Vodka Rose' copper I told her to chop her My whip game proper my kick game soccer Audubon driver I'm the six lane hopper [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Five: Busta Rhymes] Ay nigga, MY MONEY LOOOOOOOOOONG!!! I got a house on Jupiter, mayne As a result of bein hotter than a nuclear flame So hot wit it nigga, I'm disrepectfully blatant I'm the hottest in the hood like we goin to visit SATAN!! (WHOO!!) Hehehahah! - You ain't nicer than me, neither Busta Rhymes, international fire breather When I step in buildings, I'm something you gotta see Here's a question from the fans - WHO THE FUCK HOTTER THAN ME?! (OHHHHHHHH!!!!) [Diddy: Outro] Red CAFE! Shakedown, Konvict! Bad Boy, you know what it is! That's it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Diddy, Juganot, Kardinal Offishall, Papoose, Ross Fortune, Uncle Murda Album: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part Three) 12" Song: Hottest in the Hood (Remix Part Three) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro] REEEEEEMIXXXXXXXXX!!!!!!!!! PART THREE!!!!!!! [Diddy] (Red Cafe) BAAAAAAAAAAAAADDBOYYYYYYYY!!!!! THIS IS THE REMIX!!!! Red Cafe! WHO THE FUCK Y'ALL THINK Y'ALL FUCKIN WITH!!!! THIS IS WHAT YOU BEEN WAITIN FOR!!! I RUN SHIT HERE!!!! YOU JUST LIVE HERE!!!!!! (What else!!!!) THIS IS BAD BOY MOTHERFUCKER!!!!!!!!!! (HUH!!!!!!!!!!) [Verse One: Red Cafe] I'm the hottest in the hood, chick game silly Chick hand in my draws tryin to Free Willy Now all y'all really tryin to rhyme like me Boy verse fly like I wrote in on the plane Huh! Push weight no Royce Now the check cleared Shakedown, Bad Boy Hottest in the world, hottest in the game Rap King James I'm a put it on the chain Big hog at the valet DAMN Get 'em on they toes like it's ballet DAAAAAAAMMMMMMNNNNNNNNNN!!!!! Yeah! I get my 2Pac on Thuglife hottest in the hood dot com [Verse Two: Juganot] Yeah, when you on the eastside, homie ask about me Juganot, ain't nobody that could doubt me Hot up in the hood like a Jag or Audi I'm hot like ridin camel back in Saudi Arabia The boy's beha-vior - is rowdy! Strapped on that +Iron Man+ like Rob Downey Hotter than a crucifix at Klan rallies Got crews of chicks sweatin me like Ballys (Work it out) I'm hot up in the hood like a Hemi (VROOM!) Like Eddie role, anywhere with a semi That'll +Ghost+ you and your click like Patrick and Demi With one eye closed, holdin the hand real steady [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Three: Papoose] Papoose, Pa-Poose! I'm the best in the world I talk like a Webstar record "GO GIRL!!!" Got the AK's, y'all could die I keep the two K's with me, like Karl Kani I'm a show 'em how to bring pain Put some wholes in his white tee, that's what I call T-Pain Go get some anti-freeze, I think they should  I'm like the engine, I'm the hottest thing in the hood [Verse Four: Ross Fortune] (Red Cafe) Touchdown!!! If you're small-time grindin, you gettin that Fool's Gold With me, I'm a pitch it, I'll kick it like foosball  Piff pills, hard wired or some good raw Main reason we the hottest in the hood dawg (Yeah, Ross Fortune) - Ask about me (That Shakedown Marcel)- Ask about me Ross Fortune on deck, lot of stacks around me No guards, just shooters that'll blast around me If it ain't Shakedown, then it ain't im-POR-tant If it ain't about money, that shit sound foreign When you hear "Touchdown", know that's Fortune We scorin, it's movin, we got it in motion - Touchdown [Chorus: Red Cafe] And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on And the beat goes on, and the beat goes on, and the beat goes on I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! I'm the hottest nigga, in the hooooooooooddddddddd!!!!! [Verse Five: Kardinal Offishall] I'm the hottest in yo' hood, hottest in yo' block Wall Street economics with a T-Dot bop Got my passport lookin like Weezy's tattoos Flyin from hood to hood Mr. International Slums I roll by the clubs of Philly Suburbs of ATL tryin to wife Chilli Jamaica Ave. silly, shoppin like I must Be the only Konvict nigga the hood discuss Besides my homey Red, Rock City and The Boss T-Pain lost a couple teeth but he still floss Get it, I'm a monster America Online I'm a foreigner, better than Barack in his prime [Verse Six: Uncle Murda] I know I'm hot, it ain't the marijuana If I ain't, then Chris Brown ain't hit Rihanna (He even BIT her!!!) And you can't say I ain't the truth That's like sayin if the cops think you got a gun  They ain't 'gon shoot (BLOAW!) I'm on fire, the haters still hatin on me Flow so hot, Satan in Hell waitin on me (I'm hotter than HIM!!!) 'Cause of me, err'body rappin tougher I call 'em lil' Kanyes' and I'm they +Big Brother+ (Word to MUTHA!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Red Cafe f/ Diddy, Fabolous Album: Money Money Money 12" Song: Money Money Money Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus] (Red Cafe): Money money money, money money money (Yeah) Money money money, money money money (Yeah) Money money money (Say it) money money money (Say it) Money money money (Say it) money money money (WHAT ELSE!!!) Money money money (SHAKEDOWN!!!) money money money (Say it) Money money money (Say it) money money money (It's R we gettin!!!) Money money money (Red Cafe) money money money (We gettin) Money money money, money money money (HUH!) [Verse One: Red Cafe] Yeah! Everyday I hustle everyday Im gettin money If her pussy good then everyday Im spendin money Throw it in the bag, throw it in the bag I ain't got credit but your dog got cash Money money money, stay out of my lane Your team runnin laps, my team run the game This is America, ain't shit free I need my money tall, at least six 6'3 Blacka blacka blacka, money money money Any given day, I'm pourin honey on your honey And I murder everybody, o-kay~! Everybody say it Money money money, if you broke, I'm sorry [Chorus] (Red Cafe): Money money money (Yeah!) money money money (Yeah!) Money money money (Yeah!) money money money (That girl need!) Money money money (HUH!) money money money (My niggas need) Money money money (WHAT ELSE!) money money money (That girl need) Money money money (She gettin) money money money (He gettin) Money money money (I'm gettin) money money money (My niggas need) Money money money (We gettin) money money money (He gettin) Money money money (I'm gettin) money money money (WHAT ELSE!!!) [Verse Two: Diddy] Yeah...yeah... It's Bad Boy bitch! Take dat (LET'S GO!!!)  Wake up in the morning, take a money shower Now I'm smellin like money, got the money and the power (Yeah) Ba-Bad Boy money (Uh-huh) Martin and Will (That's right) My face good money, they should put me on the bill (C'mon) I pioneered the jets and the yachts and the choppers (You know it) Crushin model chicks, throwin minks on the toddlers (You know it) NASDAQ money, Dow Jones Combs (C'mon man) Money money money, motherfucker daddy's home (Yeah) [Verse Three: Red Cafe] Cash Money, Young Money, Bad Boy money Shorty said I boss, never throw toy money So RAH!!!! RAH!!!! Motherfucker, I'm ill Make that thing bounce with these hundred dollar bills Now I'm gettin money, I ball I remember I ain't had no money at all Now I'm so shallow, name brand apparel I'm that new-new err'day, wan' battle? HUH?! Blacka blacka blacka, money money money Any given day, I'm pourin honey on your honey And I murder everybody, o-kay~! Everybody say it Money money money, if you broke, I'm sorry [Chorus] (Red Cafe): Money money money (Yeah!) money money money (Yeah!) Money money money (Yeah!) money money money (That girl need!) Money money money (HUH!) money money money (My niggas need) Money money money (WHAT ELSE!) money money money (That girl need) Money money money (She gettin) money money money (He gettin) Money money money (I'm gettin) money money money (My niggas need) Money money money (We gettin) money money money (He gettin) Money money money (I'm gettin) money money money (WHAT ELSE!!!) [Verse Four: Fabolous] Uhh, uhh, uhh, okay, okay Clap for that money like the booty on shawty then Y'all just keep clappin, studio, audience Told her stretch it out like she doin an accordian And bust it, bust it, bust it like she snuck a glock-40 in Daddy gon' show you bitches how bein spoiled feel I got millions to waste, young oil field Married to the money (money) faithful to the millions (millions) Got my money up (up) safe is in the ceilings [Chorus] (Red Cafe): Money money money (Yeah!) money money money (Yeah!) Money money money (Yeah!) money money money (That girl need!) Money money money (HUH!) money money money (My niggas need) Money money money (WHAT ELSE!) money money money (That girl need) Money money money (She gettin) money money money (He gettin) Money money money (I'm gettin) money money money (My niggas need) Money money money (We gettin) money money money (He gettin) Money money money (I'm gettin) money money money (WHAT ELSE!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Diddy Album: The Black Bar Mitzvah (Mixtape) Song: Birthday Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro] God Forgives I don't, Gold MMG Tour, Leave the money on the scale How real is dat? [Verse 1] It's Been a minute since I been to church Psalm 27 can I spit a verse Preyin on the weak, I should send some flowers I'm layin in the sheets, I'm well endowed Time to get the money steve forbes got I'm slowly climbing up, delete your spot Net worth nigga hoes love to google me Heavy Jewlery, swimmin trunks on Laguna beach Condo on Park Ave, The mansion in Boca 20 bedrooms, My shit beiiger den oprahs Dreams and Nightmares Yeah I'm still havin those Side effects for niggas livin like animals Tequila Cup, Cake for a Kingpin Black Bar Mitzfah niggas ain't seen shit Obama Fundraiser, All Dope boys Blow ya candle out so on and so forth Boyz in da Hood, nigga game ain't change I done made love wearin eight chains Step to my enemies, tattoo all of my memories Use the Project ground for my assemblies I respect the tenant, don't step on my tennis Follow chain and command, Gunplay my lieutenant They ask me what I do and who I do it for And how I come up with the shit up in the studio All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho When I die bury me inside the Gucci store When I die bury me inside the Louis store All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho [Verse 2] She got a big booty so I call him big booty West movie, couldn't get into it I'm in the kitchen, yea I'm's everywhere Jamaya juice, I got bands everywhere You the realest nigga breathin if I hold my breath Referee with a whistle, hold his tat Extendo clip (Extendo clip) Extendo roll (Extendo roll) When your girl lead mission at your house alone Hell we killin, goin on a chopathon See I don't have my balls in Pakistan Dope bomb, Joe Bomb and I peel bomb See nigga I've been balling you in real Kong When I die bury me inside the jewelry store When I die bury me inside the jewelry store True to my religion, to everything I'm too different So when I die bury me next to 2 bitches They ask me what I do and who I do it for And how I come up with the shit up in the studio All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho When I die bury me inside the Gucci store When I die bury me inside the Louis store All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho [Verse 3] Ahhh easy easy how you do it hah It's my birthday, I deserve to be greedy hah She holding out, she ain't give it to the needy hah You go down stairs and fall asleep with your TV on Drop in the other 10 years, you deserve a menage Specially if you put that BMW in er garage Specially if you made a couple beemers on her mama crib Went to her niece's graduation, man I hate those kids Last birthday she got you a new sweater Put it on, give her a kiss and tell er do better She said how bout I get you jewelry from the west in? How bout she hit he west in and get a best friend? I'm jokin, I'm just serious, I asked er Don't be actin like no actress If we preach it then we practice Don't be reachin, don't be touchin shit We in Kanye West Benz cause our wheel turn you back, you a pedestrian They ask me what I do and who I do it for And how I come up with the shit up in the studio All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho When I die bury me inside the Gucci store When I die bury me inside the Louis store All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho It's your birthday, it's your birthday Bad bitch contest, you win first place You win first place, you win first place Bad bitch contest, you win first place I show up with a check to your work place Then hand he valet the keys to the Merces Tell the DJ play your song, this should come up uh When I'm seein from the back I can't front er on They ask me what I do and who I do it for When I die bury me inside the booty club Get it good, get it good, get it get it good I might switch it up and get your girl They ask me what I do and who I do it for And how I come up with the shit up in the studio All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho When I die bury me inside the Gucci store When I die bury me inside the Louis store All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho All I want for my birthday is a big booty ho Deucy yay We like Snoop and Dre And this your birthday baby You deserve a coup that drag You win first place, you win first place Bad bitch contest, you win first place The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Diddy Album: Rich Forever (Mixtape) Song: Holy Ghost Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Chorus x2: Rick Ross] They say I'm gettin' money Must be illuminati Talking to the Holy Ghost In my Bugatti He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in [Verse 1: Rick Ross] Lord knows, that boy done been about it Lord knows, that boy'll catch a body Phone ringing, gotta be the Mexicans Phone ringing, gotta be the Mexicans Being dead broke is the root of all evil Get money, my nigga, do good with your people I got the calico, I got the dynamite They wanna do it big? Pick a time tonight Back to these bitches following my timeline Back to these crackers following my timeline Got the phone tapped, I think I'm being followed Touch him with the Holy Ghost, can you hear me Father? [Diddy] Father, please protect me from brokeness And bitch ass niggaz, Bitch ass bitches too Keep 'em away [Chorus: Rick Ross] They say I'm gettin' money Must be illuminati Talking to the Holy Ghost In my Bugatti He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in They say I'm gettin' money Must be illuminati Talking to the Holy Ghost In my Ferrari He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in [Verse 2: Rick Ross] Work! That's all my niggaz workin' with Work! That's all my niggaz lurkin' with My teacher told me that I was a piece of shit Seen her the other day, driving a piece of shit Work! Exactly what I'm screamin' ho Certified, 8 digit nigga, triple beamin' ho You talkin' to the Holy Ghost I'm smokin' 'til I overdose When I fuck she let the pussy soak Even my lawyer be askin is it dope Never break the code shock me with a million volts I'm forever dope, touched by the holy ghost [Diddy] You see, they hate what they don't understand Father, forgive them For they know not what they do Let's go [Chorus: Rick Ross] They say I'm gettin' money Must be illuminati Talking to the Holy Ghost In my Bugatti He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in They say I'm gettin' money Must be illuminati Talking to the Holy Ghost In my Ferrari He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in He knockin' on the do' don't let the Devil in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Diddy Album: Rich Forever (Mixtape) Song: New Bugatti Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Verse 1: Diddy] You niggaz paranoid, I party, getting money I know I'm the shit, my janitor be getting money I got a skyscraper, it's a hell of a view Got me closer to God, angel wings on my coupe Pray for me; damn, I grind every day for it If you see me riding in it, it means I paid for it Bugatti Boy, one point eight four I got money, baby - I could order eight more Fuck the Forbes list; let's tell the truth, I ate more I got a billion, baby - time to get me eight more Twelve bedrooms, time to get me eight more Stack all the cases of Ciroc up on the eighth floor [Chorus: Rick Ross and (Diddy)] Got a hundred mil' (It's time to get another one) How this Bugatti feel? (I may need me another one) Five bad bitches (Just got me another one) P. Diddy run the city (Never be another one) Five mil' cash (And I need another one) Rocking a different Rollie (No, it's not the other one) Second to none at getting money (Nigga, number one) Real niggaz run the city (Never be another one) [Verse 2: Diddy] These haters speculate They always watching mine She know what time it is Just like my watch line My clothes line The cologne, bitch I know you smell this money, sitting on this throne, bitch I'm strong, bitch I own shit Gave myself a ten-digit bonus I'm the money man Money never financed Come get this money, baby With your fine ass If your nigga broke, it's time to get another one If your bitch is tripping, time to get another one I'm Puff Daddy, bitch - there'll never be another one Bugatti Boys forever one [Verse 3: Rick Ross] I'm feeling the money I'm loving the paper Nigga hating the hood Took his ho to Jamaica If I let down the top Let the breeze in my beard V.I.P. is the spot They playing musical chairs My Colombian the man, all the beam-me-up shorty Got that money in the bag that can hold a fucking body in One point five for this brand new black Bugatti Jewels like I'm Slick Rick, Bally shoes, la di da di Feeling myself; bitch, you do the same Fuck what I spend at the bar, you should see how I came My bitch had a vest, with one foot in the trap If I bust at your chest, I bet that's a wrap The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Rick Ross f/ Diddy, Trey Songz Album: Teflon Don Song: No. 1 Typed by: drzzdrake599@gmail.com [Diddy] Ayo Bugatti boys (turn em up) you know what it is breathe bitch breathe breathe bitch breathe go [Rick Ross] Hello good morning tell me what the lick read my cup full blowin on that good weed my bitch bad tryna get her tipsy, in all black haters better miss me my bitch ride better then most rappers, here's a Rose' toast to those rappers I don't smoke no tobaccos but I smoke the most rappers I got big tips for the waitress, bitch I got very little patience all the bitches different by the car load, you may wanna get a different auto deep down ya main chick even wanna cum everybody know my name I'm number 1 I'm number 1 I'm number 1 in this bitch now they understand why I'm running this shit from the bottom to the top I be ballin till I drop and I'm never gone stop [x2] [Diddy] I'm the first one to cut a new Phantom in half first white two seater down fifth ave first one to write a check in the earthquake same muthafucka that'll make the earth shake blowin money only way to make the earth spin ya girlfriend caught up in my whirlwind use to move white girl out in Maryland now my girlfriend blonde like Marilyn we number we gettin mad more paper aint nothin like bad boy paper we aint never gone stop Woke up this morning blessed to breath, then I say a prayer God bless the G's I'm number 1 in this bitch now they understand why I'm running this shit from the bottom to the top I be ballin till I drop and I'm never gone stop I'm number one in this bitch now they understand why I'm runnin this shit [Rick Ross] I'm a gang member, my gang called Bugatti boys ask ya main broad the streets cold my wrist numb I do it big ask my income the bigger I get the more you deflate my niggas deal dope at a rebate, spit flows like its free base all the flows I can erase, I think I made neat goggles all my bottles sparkle I'm the only one she obey cus its only one Rick Ross Woke up this morning blessed to breath then I say a prayer God bless the G's I'm number 1 in this bitch now they understand why I'm running this shit [Trey Songz] You can say I'm on some new shit I be number 1 and you niggas can get the dueces, Maybach music play it in the coupes Rick Rick Ross and Trey so stupid tryna find ya girl but I prolly made her lose it, body so tight and I know she get the lose-est Virginia to the whole world you can get my old girl catch me in Miami bout 4 girls tow girl I'm hot holla at me when the summer done never been where I'm coming from number 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sauce Money f/ Puff Daddy Album: Middle Finger U Song: Do You See Typed by: cosmicent@hotmail.com [Puff Daddy] Yo Puff Daddy Get off me Ladies & gentlemen You're about to witness something that you've never witnessed before Sauce Money's in the house & he brought his man with him I leave rap in a state of shock Where to rock, from the figures still Play the block with my niggas Ill lush, game 20 pounds, but all my niggas still crush Still stack chips galore Chicks want out the ghetto, try to hit you raw Better know that everything I love - roll back Cop my first gold plaque, soon as my man blew Still spittin' the fly, hits you can't do nigga You ain't gainin', you game in, barely maintainin' I push fly whips without strainin', my cliques smother Get tougher, hits rougher, Puff is deep in the streets like Chris Tucker My wrists cluster, on a mobile P-Diddy, rap mogul, thought I told you that we don't stop Thought I told you that when I drop, platinum plaques I cop, push Bentley's without the tops, nigga [Chorus] (Puff Daddy) Try to see if you see what I see Give my game & spit my G When it's all done, stack, funds, & I'm the one On top is where I be Tell me, do you see what I see? (When I look in your eyes, I see you hatin' inside, so tell me) Do you see what I see? (I know you're hopin' I'm blind, cause you don't want me to shine) [Sauce Money] No secret, undefeated, I'm top seeded Whenever I drop hits, you don't want it, you need it This a hot joint from Sauce, you feel cheated Unanimous decision, love the way I freak it Brooklyn, shogun, beat the 4-1 Niggas want to bite off my flow son I don't think no one, got that, rock a hot track Like me, nice to the Sauce? Naw Spit rounds, it's rough did I mention the thorough? BK forever representin' my borough Push fly whips, quick to stack my chips Too easy for you to understand my hits When the album drops every pocket hold some Sauce motherfuckin' forever, I told son Hypnotic, heard the ? war 'fore I shot it Better cop it, cause all that fly shit, I got it (Chorus) [PD] I took rap by the throat & locked it P-Diddy fixed all those who tried to stop it Some of y'all tried to blast off, but couldn't rock it If my flow ain't like a door, how could you knock it? [Sauce Money] (PD) As a matter of fact, yo don't you hate that? (hate that) Whenever cats playa hatin' from way back (way back) Mad at you, just because they whack (they whack) And I bought your style, older than 8-track (8-track) [PD] Only way to react though Make hot joints & stack dough Laughin' at your whack flow Try to catch my G Just so you can rap like me Act like me [SM] Rap like me But it seems as though you dreamin' a lot (PD) I'm the cream of the crop [SM] Soon to be seen in the drop (PD) Blow the spot for the not [SM] Control the block, watch his name bubble like a soda pop (PD) When he drop (Chorus 4X) [Puffy ad-libs throughout chorus] Sauce Money Puff Daddy Bad Boy forever B.I.G. forever Hitmen Prestige, rock on playboy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Stack$ f/ Diddy Album: M.I.A. 12" Song: M.I.A. Typed by: akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Intro - Diddy] MIAMI BITCH! Aiyyo Stack$! Yo Stevie you readie? Represent where we from! They call me Diddy! MIA!.. MIA! As we proceed! [Verse - Stack$] Uh, Unda the palm trees or in the SoBe Live Sipping Dom P, and I don't need to talk The money do that for me, keep shaking it I like the way you do that honey Watch em work, take a wiff You know I got that purp Chicks waitin' in the car and they poppin' percs And roofies, while Im in the club on the hunt for a groupie To do me and her, after tonight I ain't seein' her I'm tryin' to find a freak for me and her But I got to strap up, Shorty got a 1000 miles on her Fuck around and have me peeing puss I'm just joking, rolling up smoking 2 steppin' round the club rum and cokin' 2 winks and a drink and she open Talking bout how she like Girls, Girls, Girls I like the sun, I love the beaches I keep it pimpin' shake all the leaches All y'all in Cali, keep hittin' switches Down in the dirty, keep diggin' ditches I'm in the MIA You know where to find me (2x) I'm in the MIA Throw it up if you with me (2x) Don't find yourself MIA [Verse - Stack$] This fo' my G's in the MIA I can't forget ya, Riding big in them 76's Coupdavilles, Young boys shootin' to kill On the porch, doing them pills Don't get it confused I'm addicted to the money, cars, women and booze This is just like you, you know this man So don't get lit up like the dro in his hand I'm all that and, a extra clip Not from the hood, but in the hood they respect a pimp So I stroll on by with a extra limp Hold my head real high like a stand up guy Wealthy, arrogant and I'm fly Strapped in the Phantom and I'm high Like my ho's brainless and my weed lime If it ain't on 24's then we don't ride, right? [Verse - Stack$] Tight from head to toe when you see me Getting' treated like the president in priv STACKS, You know the name mean money Spell it right ma I put some Cris in ya tummy You like it, Yeah, You excited, Uh huh I got some kush you wanna roll it up and light it, Okay I'm from the home of the speed boats and C-Notes Dolphins, the heat, and cheap coke Black cars and brink trucks when we roll Haters get sick around him 'cause he's cold And keep loads of millionaire floosies My life's like a movie, you dudes don't move me I'm too hot for TV, Drop the top on the phantom, oooh You got to see me Polished and waxed, beeping at broads They want a mnage, fuck me and my cars, and that's hard! [Diddy Outro Ad Libs] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Swizz Beatz f/ Baby, Cassidy, Jadakiss, P. Diddy, Snoop Dogg   + Ronald Isley Album: Swizz Beatz Presents G.H.E.T.T.O. Stories Song: Big Business Part 2 (Bigger Business) Typed by: akademik_geniuz@yahoo.com [Intro: P.Diddy](2x)  Ladies and gentlemen (ladies and gentlemen) As we proceed, to give you what you need Swizz Beatz (get money) Swizz Beatz (make money) Swizz Beatz (get money) [Ron Isley] {*over intro second time*} Hey ladies, can I get a witness? Throw your hands in the air Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!) [Verse: Baby] See I go to Las Vegas and I ball like a dog Me and my brother CD hog up the mall Mami so fly and I matched her car Matchin' mink with the matchin' dog We flew G4 so you know how we ball We came twenty inches, just me and my dogs Me, Puff, and Kiss, the Swizz-a-sweet boys The birdman daddy I fly in any car It's the Birdlady baby and she Burberry Burberry So so fly her diamonds are all karats Earring rock her life so fly She love twenty inches with the wide deep tires [Chorus] {*P.Diddy in background*}       [Isley:] Hey ladies, can I get a witness?      Lah da da da da-da          Tell 'em what they dealin with        Throw your hands in the air     Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!)    Hey fellas, tell 'em what they dealin with     Big house (throw your hands in the air) big boats     Big cars (throw your hands in the air) superstars [Verse: Jadakiss] I'm from a town where it go down at Couple dudes is real but for the most part they low down rats And I don't know about the ghetto they hearin' I'm in the musty yellow McClaren You can't even tell how I'm steering It's too exotic, niggas act different kinda' funny I guess it's cause I'm dealin' wit a different kind of money And I don't wanna drive it if it cost under 2 cent And even though I hate they force me to get the new Bent Assholes, my passport is like castrolls Y'all niggas still tryin' to pass go You know I throw darts like a bow and a arrow Remember this, the business is big and so is the barrel, what [Verse: Cassidy] I got a large house, a dog house in my backyard And even my doghouse got a backyard Big cars, cigars and big biscuits The kid is doin' it big, it's "Big Business" My bosses in here, whores is in here The Murcielago doors in the air yeah! The dough I be grippin' it all up The 'dro I be getting I'm twistin' it all up The flows I be flippin' and switching 'em all up And the hoes I be hitting be lickin' it all up The new kid on the block, admit it it's hot Cause I'm great like the late Pun, Biggie, and 'Pac [Verse: Snoop Dogg] Fa' shizzle dizzle It's Big Snoopy D-O double Gizzle Wit my nephew Swizzle, you know it's off the hizzle I got to pop it for ya, knock it for ya, rock it for ya  Do it on the strip of love, you ain't got to call my lawyer Chop a sucka' down for ya like I'm Tom Sawyer Chip-chip away, Ruff Rydin' everyday See on the East Side we slide on a different page And get 100 thousand everytime we hit the stage Keep a gauge, just incase you wanna act up Cock back, and go back up - back up So stop trippin' off, your breezy  Look, I'm not Mr. Big but I'll let you down easy [Chorus] {*P.Diddy in background}       [Isley:] Hey ladies, can I get a witness?      Lah da da da da-da          Tell 'em what they dealin with        Throw your hands in the air     Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!)    Hey fellas, tell 'em what they dealin with  [Outro] {P.Diddy} Swizz Beatz - get money Swizz Beatz - make money {R.Isley} Hey ladies, can I get a witness?   Lah da da da da-da       Tell 'em what they dealin with     Throw your hands in the air  Throw your hands in the air (yeah! yeah!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: SWV f/ Puff Daddy Album: Someone 12" Song: Someone [Puff] Lookin' at my Rollie, it's about that time For SWV to drop a jam on mine Playa's talk the talk but they can't walk it We make the whole country bounce when we New York it Don't speak about it, be about it Seein' Puff on your tube, feelin' weak about it I got the skill of an actor, wind chill factor Minus five five, coolest man alive Baby, who dat is? Oh, that's just Puff Daddy Keep you on my mind, like I keep me on my shine And I feel fine Sex real time While I'm in your deck on rewind Oh I make it hot, till you're jellin' what PD got Since PD rock, see me not So many bricks I build a tenament We'll do the freaky thing baby girl If you're into it [SWV] I'm looking for a lover that Can make a sacrifice A lover that will understand Will always be by my side I pray the Lord so I can find My Mr. Right So who can it be the one for me I need 1 -  Someone that I can believe   Someone to satisfy me   I need love   Someone who's faithful and true   Oh baby, can it be you   I need love Oh, can it be that you're the one And I've been too blind to see You're everything I'll ever need Someone will love me for me I wanna know, I wanna see My destiny If your love is true I'll love you too Cuz I need Repeat 1 Repeat 1 2 -  You could be the one   Love of a lifetime   Oh baby can it be the one for me   I need to know   Want you to be mine   Baby, why can't you be my everything [Puff] Check this out You all know the Steve's, SWV's Gone for a minute Chillin' cross seas Back on the scene Pocket full of cream, now Gone so long thought they was locked in the Penile Meanwhile  They be bumpin' in the clubs Can we get freaky tonight, sho' 'nuff Puff and J-Dub Platinium stats, plush oriental rugs, and platinium plaques Come on  Repeat 2 Repeat 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Gina Thompson f/ Missy 'Misdemeanor' Elliott, Puff Daddy Album: The Things That You Do CD-5 Song: The Things That You Do (Bad Boy Remix) 	(Bad Boy) (The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you) 	(Check it out you know, check it out) (The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you) 	(Bad Boy, not gonna stop) [Gina Thompson] The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) Baby baby baby These feelings that I have I can't explain, and I can't believe that it's you The way you make me feel makes me happy, so why can't we just make it last The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) The love you give to me turns me on inside, and I can't deny how I feel Don't go, the things you do to me makes me happy, so don't you take your love away The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 4X) 	Every little thing 	Aowwww... keep on The way that you walk The way that you talk The way that you, give your love to me Don't ever take your love, away... baby don't you go-ohhh [Missy] Yo nigga what you taggin? You ain't rea-dy, for Puff Dad-dy Beware, how dare he make the remix so deadly (that's right) Pizzzow, Gomer be my Pyle like Sha-zam Hee hee hee hee how, hee hee hee hee hee hee how I run it to you like shoes oh you moves and I chose from the fly things CHECKIT that you do (ehehehe) Peruse, you dudes Can't You See like Total Kissin you got Gina runnin for the bo-rder BRRRRRRR-CLICK! Hit me on my car phone and if you got the hydro then me and you can roll Ohh, we can take a stroll on the beach but Bad Boy (Bad Boy) don't take the love away from me (That's right) The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) 	(Say what, say how... say what, say how) The things you do... makes me, keep runnin, to you (repeat 2X) 	(Regret, haha, Gina, say what, say how, say what) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ P. Diddy Album: Pimpin' Incorporated Song: About That Money (P. Diddy Outro) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [P. Diddy] Yo $hort man, I was with this trick the other night She was like, "Hey Diddy - um, Diddy - why are you so motherfuckin fly?" I had to tell the bitch I'm just about that paper beotch Everything I do is a world premier I know you're not tryin to front, girl come here I get up early in the mornin, work late at night So when you talk about me you better say it right I get my pimp on, whatever I get on Pop rock rap R&B it's a hit song I keep it movin no matter what your age Bitches screamin out Puff Daddy's on stage Drinkin 'gnac, cashin checks When I'm not makin money I'm havin sex International, superstar People wanna know just who you are I'm the Lear jet ridin, mansion residin If I throw a party you'll be dancin all night and Let's have some fun girl, it's okay I work hard, now it's time to play [Chorus: singer] If it's 'bout that money If it's about that bullshit If you got that paper, we can roll No time for haters, gotta go When it's 'bout that mo-ney Gotta keep it comin Niggaz hate us all day long Cause we get our paper on and oh-nnnnn [$hort] That's right, $hort Dawg in the house [Diddy] Yeah [$hort] P. Diddy in the house [Diddy] P, yeah [$hort] $hort Records, Bad Boy [Diddy] Bad Boy [$hort] Yeah, that's right [female singer - repeat 2X] Too $hort, Too $hort, gotta make that money Two-thousand watts, two-thousand watts Gotta make that money, Bad Boy, Bad Boy Gotta cash that money; gotta make that money money Gotta take, gotta make, gotta cash that money money [Diddy] And we out "Nigga this pimp shit!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Too $hort f/ P. Diddy Album: Can't Stay Away Song: Make it Hot (Unlisted Bonus Track) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * incorrectly billed as a 'Here We Go' remix by Lil' Jon [P. Diddy] Yo $hort man, I was with this trick the other night She was like, "Hey Diddy - um, Diddy - why are you so motherfuckin fly?" I had to tell the bitch I'm just about that paper beotch [singers] If it's 'bout that money (make it hot) If it's about that bullshit (make it stop) If you got that paper, we can roll No time for haters, gotta go [Too $hort] + (Diddy) I flew to L.A., just last week Jumped in the limo, checked in the suite (yeah) Made a few calls, it's time to go (time to go) and bust a few rhymes at the studio (c'mon) No I don't do it for the love of it I love it but I do it for the love I get (that's right) Big checks, you think the sex is next When I left the studio had to go do a show for the ten, with the triple zeroes (yeah) That's why I'm never flippin kilos Flew up to the Bay, then back to Georgia (yeah) Had to catch a flight to Tallahassee, Florida (c'mon) I did a show at the Kapalua (let's go) $hort Dawg, what'chu 'bout to do now? (what'chu 'bout to do baby) I'm gettin money, caught a flight to New York (c'mon) Just another day in the life of Too $hort [Chorus: singers] + (Diddy) If it's 'bout that money (make it hot) If it's about that bullshit (make it stop) If you got that paper, we can roll (we can roll) No time for haters, gotta go (c'mon) When it's 'bout that mo-ney (make it hot) Gotta keep it comin (it can't stop) Niggaz hate us all day long (we can roll) Cause we get our paper on and oh-nnnnn (gotta go) [P. Diddy] Everything I do is a world premier (world premier) I know you're not tryin to front girl c'mere (c'mere) I get up early in the morning work late at night (that's right) So when you talk about me you say it right I get my pimp on, whenever I get on Pop rock R&B or rap, it's a hit song (and you know this) I keep it movin no matter what your age (yeah) Bitches screamin out "Puff Daddy's on stage" (Puff Daddy's on stage!) Breakin necks, cashin checks (uh-huh) When I'm not makin money I'm havin sex International, superstar (c'mon) People wanna know just who you are I'm that Lear jet ridin (yeah) mansion residin (yeah) If I throw a party you'll be dancin all night and (that's right) Let's have some fun girl, it's okay (c'mon, it's okay) I work hard now it's time to play, come on [Chorus] w/ variations and ad libs [Too Short] + (Diddy) I did a lot of work for the homies for the lo-lo (yeah) But I ain't doin that kind of shit no mo' (no mo') Ask Puff, fuck all that retirement stuff (fuck all that shit) I worked too hard so the price went up I'm chargin fifty, for sixteen bars now (that's right) If you want a whole song it's a hundred thou' (woo!) Is it worth it? (Is it worth it?) I ain't no crook A hundred thousand dollars might get you a hook (yeah) From this nigga right here, I know you know And you gotta pay extra for the video (extra) So cut the check for the right amount (send the right amount) If not, you can wire it to my account The only other way is to pay me cash (yeah) And ain't nothin wrong with that Keep it fat, give me the scratch in big stacks (c'mon) Cause you fuckin with a real mack, bitch get back (that's right) Back, bitch get back (bitch get back) Back, I said BEOTCH! I said get yo' motherfuckin ass back (C'mon, you know you fuckin with some real players here bitch) That's right (step back) [Chorus] w/ variations and ad libs [Too $hort] + (Diddy) (Money over hoes) That's right So if you want me to do a guest appearance on your next album Just remember one thang - it's gon' cost you man Cause we gettin our money on That's right, $hort Dawg in the house (yeah) P. Diddy in the house (yeah, yeah) $hort Records, Bad Boy (Bad Boy) Yeah, that's right [female singer - repeat 2X] Too $hort, Too $hort, gotta make that money Two-thousand watts, two-thousand watts Gotta make that money, Bad Boy, Bad Boy Gotta cash that money; gotta make that money money Gotta take, gotta make, gotta cash that money money [Diddy] Yeah, and we out Artist: T-Pain f/ Akon, Mary J. Blige, Diddy Album: Thr33 Ringz Song: Change Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Diddy] I'll do anything for you For you I'll change the world No more wars, no more poverty No more hurt, no more pain You showed me how to love again For you I'd change the world Pain, sing [Chorus: T-Pain] If I could change the world Ooh I'd be the sunlight in your universe Ooh you would think my love was really somethin good Baby, if I could, chaaaange If I could, chaaaange If I could, chaaaange the world The world, the world, the world [Verse One: T-Pain] Ooh there would be no mo' wars Opportunity knockin on doors for us, for us Nobody ain't knowin each other Fighters turn into lovers for us, for us Ooh and when the moonlight turns to sunshine everybody wakin up to a better dream Uh-huh, uh-huh Cause everybody need what they want but don't want want they need Let's talk about youuuuu, let Teeeeee change in the world [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Akon] If I could change the world I'd order for the line to be erased at the border, this day (this day) Everyone deserves an opportunity There'd be no New World Order And nobody woulda never got slaughtered that way (that way) There'd be so much more love and unity Daughters'd be close to they mothers Sons'd be raised by their fathers today (today) A good family ain't nothin greater Race crimes, and hate crimes would never exist I'll turn every bullet to a Hershey's Kiss (kiss) And we can eat away our fear (fear) ooooooh [Chorus] w/ ad libs, extended by Mary J. Blige [Mary J. Blige] There would be no self-hate We will all have to love everything about ourselves (yeah) So we can love everyone now (mm-hmm) Nothing would hold us down Because we'll all walk around with a smile and never frown And that will remove the clouds There'll be no more self-loathing Everyone will know in their hearts that they're just fine and that's when the light's gonna shine Everyone will understand That in order to have some piece you must believe Believe the best in you If I can change [Chorus] w/ ad libs, extended by Mary J. Blige Artist: Trey Songz f/ Diddy, Meek Mill Album: Chapter V Song: Check Me Out Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Diddy] Throw some motherfuckin money in the air Throw some motherfuckin money in the air Trigga, let's go Let's go, let's go Let's go, let's go Throw some motherfuckin money in the air Throw some motherfuckin money in the air Trigga, let's go [Trey Songz] Stop, pose what's that Bend it over quick throw your butt back We're in for the mill' where the bucks at She see me spend a couple mill' like fuck that She wanna ride on it like a bus pass Give me smart brain and a dumb pack (c'mon) Go on poke it out, thumb tack (c'mon) Back that ass up, I'ma front that Knock it out the park like these other niggaz bunt that Turn the music up, where the club at? Throw a couple stacks where the 1's at Shout to all the women that know they got to come back Girl you got that I can see you from the front back She said "Damn they be hatin where the love at?" I said "Damn man you looking like you does that" Hair up damn she done brought the fuckin bun back Nigga shade, damn bring the sun back Beat crazy, damn bring the drums back This yo' city nigga - damn how I run that? Thank God I was a singer, damn bring the run back Let's go, and check me out dog - I'ma keep it real with you Hey check me out dog - I'm just tryin to chill with you Hey check me out dog - I'ma keep it real with you Hey check me out - I'ma keep it real with you Hey check me out dog - I'm just tryin to chill with you Hey check me out dog - I'ma keep it real with you Che-check me out [Trey Songz] (Oooh Daddy!) You say you work hard where you work at? Girl I go hard let me work that Say you got drive well reverse that I'ma beat it up I'ma, I'ma hurt that Single momma, yeah yeah I support that I don't judge baby; I ain't tryin to court that I don't play baby; I ain't tryin to sport that Talking 'bout it's real when I know somebody bought that Long time money and you niggaz can't afford that Bad bitches in the studio where I record that Right now and I'm fin' to pipe down Once I'm done with this verse shit, I'ma kill the pussy, I'ma hearse it I'ma fool with it, super cool with it Why you snoozin I got a booze in it I took her panties and I put a pool in it The flow stupid, so stupid [Meek Mill] Uh check me out doe, I'm in the Ralph Lau' Red bottoms for the models never Aldo Kept me ridin Maserati with the top low And I get you up in that pussy then I outro Bad bitch, and the miles low Oh that's your main chick? That's my side hoe She a dime, and she a dime so I don't know When I compare 'em is like a Chevy tahoe Yo Trigga, where the hoes? I'm into my jellys then I'm into those I got 'em nice jealous 'cause I'm gettin doughs She said she never seen a ghost so she was in my rose Look it here, I'ma keep it real with you Get it clear, I ain't tryin to chill with you Give it here, so I can put the steel in you Let shorty bust it open for a real nigga (Oooh Daddy) [Outro: Diddy] This right here, this goes out To all the motherfuckin gettin money bitches in the house Don't stop, let's work, let's rock {*2X*} Throw some motherfuckin money in the air {*2X*} (Oooh Daddy) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Neptunes, P. Diddy (Puff Daddy) Album: 8701 Song: I Don't Know Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [P. Diddy] Check this out, yeah, yeah All my niggas take a walk with me You ain't gotta holla - you can talk with me Just try to learn where my thoughts can be And how I stack figures Learn why I'm real - still that nigga I get money I ain't gotta do a crime Shit I hit dimes - what I need with a nine Before y'all judge me - be clear We got nothing but heat here, beware WE HERE What's my name, got chicks twisted like What's my game? Pimp things still the same I smash it, I don't harass it Ma' I'm a baller I score and pass it Feel me, still be filthy If making hits is a crime, I plead guilty And this is what we came do Party, Diddy, Usher - game is through, come on [Usher] It's right around eleven o'clock One of your girls just called Asked you how you look, are you ready? You tell her you look hot Not to worry at all Niggas will be shook - y'all doin' it heavy She;s telling you she might change But you tell her not to She know that she looks stunning It'll be fine The club will be full of game But none of that has got'chu Me - I think you're running Cause I'm the one 1 - I don't know what you came to do girl  What you came to do tonight  But I came to party, oh  I don't know what you came to do girl  What you came to do tonight  But I came to party, oh 2 - You're probably thinking to yourself  What's the occasion?  And believe me girl I don't do sex for fun  The perfect gentleman in every situation  And the only thing that's missing - is the one  Is it you? Repeat 1 3 - Sing it  (La, la, la, la)  Ghetto girls  (La, la, la, la)  Suburban girls  (La, la, la, la)  International girls - smell me?  (La, la, la, la, la)  (La, la, la, la)  Ghetto girls  (La, la, la, la)  Suburban girls  (La, la, la, la)  International girls - smell me?  (La, la, la, la, la) Had to take the time To open up your mind That's exactly what you are - open Look at the mesmorizing grind She should be a crime Damn baby you're a star You're smoking Repeat 2 Repeat 1 Repeat 3 It's real serious You're so fine girl At the end of the day - I'm going home with you Repeat 1 till end The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Waka Flocka Flame f/ Diddy, Gucci Mane, Rick Ross Album: O Let's Do It's 12' Song: O Let's Do It (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com {Ooh, L-Don} [Intro: Diddy] (Rick Ross) {Gucci Mane} (Real niggaz) {Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...} Ayo, ayo Waka (Boss!) {BURR~!!} (Free Gucci!) {GUUCI!} Y'all ain't expect me to fuck wit this one I see you, boy (Let's turn the temperature up on these niggaz again, nigga) Y'all must've forgot, I started this shit Yeah, check this out THIS -- IS -- THE REMIX [Diddy - Verse 1ne] I got my billions up, fuckin with dem white folks Now I don't give a fuck, 'cause I'm richer than dem white folks Lamborghini trucks, y'all ain't even seen it yet Bought me Teterboro just to Diddy bop and land my jet (Ahhhhhh-OWWWWW!!!!!) I'm-I'm hustlin out of Harlem, Paulie Castellano (Don't stop) Bitch, I am a problem, I just bought the Delano (That's right) Pimpin in my convo, bitches come in combos Pictures of Christopher on my wall all in my condo I don't fuck with fake hoes! All I touch is J-Lo's  All I drink is my shit, Ciroc by the case load (Let's go!) Movies is my next shit, two mil on my necklace Bad Boy - 80 million motherfuckin records!  (BITCH~!!!) [Rick Ross - Verse 2wo] I fucked my money up... I bought another Rolls Royce to pick my homies up... my top back like "Oh boy" Step yo' game up... You ridin nigga, hold on I switched the game up.. One stack that's for the whole zone That's thirty-six a kilo, BITCH, I think I'm Nino BITCH, I think I'm Scarface, BITCH, I'm Al Pacino Flippin my lil' C-notes, painted my new Benzo Took my bitch to Red Lobster, I cain't feed no friends, hoe! Bitch, I'm on my high horse, jewels I rock I die for 'cause that shit that I bought, shoot yo' ass that's my fault Bitch, I'm on this asphalt, money makin be the thing Bitch, I'm on my last straw, them choppers always do the thing [Chorus 2X] YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH~!  O let's doooooo it Hey - o let's doooooo it  Hey - o let's doooooo it YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH~! Drug dealin music Hey - I influence Hey - I influence [Waka Flocka Flame - Verse 3hree] I FUCKED my money up -- (Damn!)  Now I can't re-up Ran up in his spot (spot)  Just to get my stacks up Now I'm back on deck (deck) So shawty, what the FUCK you want?! Heard he talkin shit (shit)  But this ain't what the FUCK he want! (Flocka!) Lock my CEO up, now it's back to coka Niggaz talkin shit brah, hang 'em by the rope-a Hit 'em wit the choppa, call dat shit hot llama Call me waka Flocka, a/k/a Young wild Nigga A/k/a Young Drug Dealer Got purp, got kush, got pills, got white In the trap all night, wit the hard and soft Stacks on the flo', watch {?} boy whip it Shook it to the left then he shook it to the right So Icey, Brick Boys, got it all night These lame ass niggaz ain't got no fight Kick in my door we gon' shoot out all night {*echoes*} [Gucci Mane - Verse 4our] (Yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...WAH) BURR~!! BURR~!! GUCCI! I stack my money up, Brick Squad we so g'd up I'm countin cash in my office, sippin coffee with my feet up (Wooooow) Haters sendin threats, like they want beef but dey know dey don't Meet Flocka at the dealership, I told him get what the FUCK you want (Well damn!) They locked my homeboy Verne up, 1999 for murder Now niggaz claiming Zone 6, that I ain't never heard of Hit you with the carbon, but why when I got shooters? You heard Gucci was locked up, but that was just a rumor! (GUCCI!) Got purp, got pills, got lean, plus I got powder for you snorters {*snorts*} You wanna find me, I-20 to {EAST ATLANTA, GEORGIA} I send my female shooters {*mwah*}, that rock-a-bye baaay-baaay  1017 shawty, in my hood we got them AKs' The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: will.i.am f/ Diddy, Hit-Boy, Lil Wayne, Waka Flocka Flame Album: #willpower Song: Scream and Shout (Remix) Typed by: AZ Lyrics [Intro: Diddy] It's like shit is coming down from the motherfuckin' heavens It's a new motherfuckin' day Get down or lay down Ay yo, turn the fuck up Ay yo, fuck sparklers I wanna see flamethrowers in this motherfucker This a will.i.am joint Hit-Boy, Britney, Waka, Weezy And they call me Diddy bitch [Verse 1: Hit Boy] Where 1 Oak at? Where Darby at? If you at Greystone gettin' your drink on, tell 'em to run this back Put your hands up in the air, got the call from will.i.am Now it's Hit-Boy on a hit boy You turned up and I'mma bring the action [Bridge: Britney Spears] & (Diddy) When you hear this in the club You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) When we up in the club All eyes on us (turn up bitch) All eyes on us (turn up) All eyes on us (let's work) See the boys in the club They watching us They watching us (you watching us) They watching us Everybody in the club All eyes on us All eyes on us (you watching us) All eyes on us [Chorus: will.i.am & Britney Spears] I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" You are now, now rocking with will.i.am and Britney bitch [Verse 1: will.i.am] Huh, it's rock and roll, roll Whole world know my shit everywhere I go Whole world bang this song 'cause it's cold Ah, shit, I think that girl ready to go off But she want a photo  so I took a photo Yeah, I took a picture with an I'm photo social Yeah, you got a cold chick, but I got a colder ho But she don't really know shit, so I gotta show the ho Hide your paper, yeah I'm stackin' paper Money to the ceiling, now I need a skyscraper You are now, now rockin' with will.i.am and Britney, bitch Waka Flocka Flame, Lil' Wayne, Hit-Boy, Diddy, bitch [Bridge: will.i.am] When you hear this in the club Just put your hands up Just put your hands up Just put your hands up When we up in the club [Diddy] Motherfuckers I said put your hands up Turn the fuck up right motherfuckin' now [Verse 2: Wack Flocka Flame] Oh, it's time to party Oh, it's time to party Smokin', drinkin', no passin' out YOLO, I'mma shout it out We party hard, we yell it out Disrespect me, knock him out Crack a smile, happy hour Fuck the VIP, I'm in the crowd Me and Britney, we actin' wild It's Waka Flame, you know my style This little chain like 40 thou All eyes on me, look out Pop a bean, that's the old me Molly's here, we don't fight fair My buzz big, like Lightyear Get a grip, shorty, you can't stand here Friends, fans and family here Outfit real, live with no fear Turn the club into a mosh pit Spend 20 bands, do a back flip Girl, drop it low, shake that My wrists rocky like A$AP This a G mix and I laced that [Bridge: Britney Spears] & (Diddy) When you hear this in the club You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) You're gonna turn-turn it up (turn up bitch) When we up in the club All eyes on us All eyes on us All eyes on us [Chorus: will.i.am & Britney Spears] I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" You are now, now rocking with will.i.am and Britney bitch [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] Hi! I'm Tunechi  I give the girls my room key Money can't buy you love, so I don't pay for no pussy I don't pay these haters no mind  so fuckin' call me cheap I grab life by the horns, and that bitch went "beep-beep" I swear right now I feel like 'Pac  'cause all eyes on me And I don't mean to throw no salt, but these niggaz small fries to me And my bitch bad like Britney, but I wish I had Britney She remind me of my jeep, but I got a bad memory And I'm feelin' good, I'm lookin' good, I'm smokin' good, I'm sippin' These hoes think they classy? Well that's the class I'm skippin' Got a party in my bedroom, that's a party she ain't missin' I brought her by Will.i.am, but she kept callin' him William Only God can judge me, case closed I've got my hoes at Drake shows I got this shit on lock, no escape those And I'll make that bitch scream, and shout, and let it all out I'll put it in her backyard like a fuckin' doghouse  Tunechi! [Chorus: will.i.am, Britney Spears] & (Lil Wayne) Scream and shout, and let it all out (yeah, yeah) And scream and shout, and let it out (yeah) We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" I wanna scream and shout, and let it all out And scream and shout, and let it out We saying: "oh wee, oh wee, oh wee, oh" You are now, now rocking with will.i.am and Britney bitch [Outro: Diddy] Let's go This is the remix This is a super black man remix This is the remix This is a super black man remix This is a super black man remix Yeah And they call me Diddy bitch Yeah Scream and shout And turn them all out Yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mario Winans f/ P. Diddy, Enya Album: Hurt No More Song: I Don't Wanna Know Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com, akademik_geniuz_@hotmail.com [Enya in background] [Verse 1 - Mario Winans] Somebody said they saw you The person you were kissing wasn't me And I would never ask you I just kept it to myself [Chorus - Mario Winans] I don't wanna know If your playin me, keep it on the low Cause my heart can't take it anymore And if your creepin, please don't let it show Oh baby, I don't wanna know [Verse 2 - Mario Winans] Oh baby I think about it when I hold you When lookin in your eyes, I can't believe I don't need to know the truth Baby keep it to yourself [Chorus - Mario Winans] I don't wanna know If your playin me, keep it on the low Cause my heart can't take it anymore And if your creepin, please don't let it show Oh baby, I don't wanna know [Bridge - Mario Winans] Did he touch you better than me? (touch you better then me) Did he watch you fall asleep? (watch you fall asleep) Did you show him all those things, you used to do to me (do to me baby) If your better off that way (better off that way) There ain't more that I can say (more that I can say) Just go on and do your thing and don't come back to me (Stay away from me baby) [Verse 3 - P. Diddy] I don't wanna know where your whereabouts or how you movin I know when you in the house or when you cruisin It's been proven, my love you abusin I can't understand, how a man got you choosin (yeah) Undecided, I came and provided ma My undivided, you came and denied it (why?) Don't even try it, I know when you lyin (I know when you lyin) Don't even do that, I know why you cryin (stop cryin) I'm not applyin no pressure, just wanna let you know That I don't wanna let you go (I don't wanna let you go) And I don't wanna let you leave Can't say I didn't let you breathe Gave you extra cheese (c'mon), put you in the SUV You wanted ice so I made you freeze Made you hot like the West Indies (that's right) Now it's time you invest in me Cause if not then it's best you leave Holla, yeah [Chorus - Mario Winans] I don't wanna know If your playin me, keep it on the low Cause my heart can't take it anymore And if your creepin, please don't let it show Oh baby, I don't wanna know If your playin me, keep it on the low Cause my heart can't take it anymore And if your creepin, please don't let it show Oh baby, I don't wanna know If your playin me, keep it on the low Cause my heart can't take it anymore And if your creepin, please don't let it show Oh baby, I don't wanna know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yung Joc f/ Diddy Album: Hustlenomic$ Song: Hell Yeah Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*ad libs for the first 28 seconds as a machine counts money*} [Chorus: Yung Joc] Shorty what the mood is, stacks on deck (hell yeah) Is that your life savings hangin 'round your neck (hell yeah) You put some shoes on that old school 'llac (hell yeah) Is you my nigga 'til they take your last breath (hell yeah) Any kind I'm wit'cha way, wit'cha way I'm wit'cha (hell yeah) Any kind I'm wit'cha way, wit'cha way I'm wit'cha (hell yeah) Any kind I'm wit'cha way, wit'cha way I'm wit'cha (hell yeah) Any kind I'm wit'cha way, wit'cha way I'm wit'cha [Yung Joc] Ay look, ay, Yung J-O-C now E'rybody, know me, better believe I'm O.G. Back back, gimme fo' feet, fo' the iron leave you with a slow leak Slow creep through yo' neighborhood, black SS with the gator and the wood 350 big block under my hood, crack my window - smell that good Wipe it down - I wish you would, bite my style - you wish you could On my town - I rep my hood, 'til they lay me down - it's understood Oh yes I ride for my homies, I die for my homies I lost a couple loved, yeah I cry for my homies Big guap' on deck, crack rocks on my neck Patron shots up next, make it rain, leave 'em wet What I got ay you can get it pimp, tell me what's the bid'ness pimp Crush the cake then make it flip, then be shoppin on the Imp If you think I'm lyin then my name ain't Joc The hustle gotta hollerate cause I ain't gon' stop Yeah I play my cards well but this ain't poker, I ain't bluffin And if you thug it like I thug it then I got one question [Yung Joc] Oh yeah my swagger kill 'em, call me Belligi{?} Williams Don't let the smooth taste fool ya, J so sick need penicillin I love the streets boi, I fuck with D boy Whole lot of money off in these streets so pull up a seat let's eat boy Haters gon' have plenty to say, long as pennies off in my safe So don't make me retaliate, AK spray every kinda which-a-way (BRRRRAP~!) I do shit you never seen befo', all my clothes next season hoe All my whips the cleanest yo, if you ain't gon' ball what you breathin fo' From hood to hood my name good, Cartier lens, frame wood Your bitch a 10, the brains good (I love this song) I knew you would Real recognize real, dawg that's just how I feel I got nuttin but love to give, on everything that's how I live [Diddy] Aiyyo Joc, lemme get some of this man! C'mon check this out Okay I live it, I done it, oh yeah that's Hustlenomic$ The ice, the clothes, leave hoes astonished I know, you see it, think twice to believe it Dope boy, magic, got my pinky gleaming Give you the shoes off my feet, shirt off my back The blueprint to these streets, show you how to make that paper stack C'mon (hell yeah) I'm there for real (hell yeah) I'm super chill (Hell yeah) If you need a tip I'm right here (LET'S GO~!) 