The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City Song: It's Tuesday Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com It's Royce 5'9!! [Royce talking] Yeah, you scared ain't you? Haha Relax.. it's just music (It's Royce 5'9!!) D-Elite, Jah 5'9, Royce 5'9 Cha Cha, Cut Throat, Billy Nix My nigga Tre' Little, my nigga E The Rock City niggaz, we in a world of our own Don't you wanna come ride wit us? Come ride wit us Yeah, ride wit us down in Seven Mile Niggaz with Rock City tattoos on they forearms Niggaz throwin they sevens up wit.. Detroit D tattooed on they hand That's how we do.. niggaz'll die for this shit Time to play.. check it out Aiyyo, sit back, smoke, the joke is over, you woke This is pure provoked "Murder", it's over "She Wrote" I don't know how niggaz manage to sleep Wake up! The clock radio done panicked the streets Say somethin! I been waitin now hand me these beats I'm simply a branch of the Slim Shady family tree That'll snap - D12 first in line of the wrath, I came last Bout to put my size nine and a half, in the game's ass Once I hit the booth I swooped on niggaz like "Whoosh" Two-bit niggaz, coupes, and figures we rule I been viscious, dissless and from one track to the next I was gangsta when rap was nothin but the hats with the X I sat and watched album for album, niggaz flop Niggaz went from pro-black to Italian, I was hot I worked my fuckin ass off, hopin to blast off Now I'ma let y'all see me, like when Ghost took his mask off Give you more run for ya ones, packin a full clip Rapper niggaz come witcha guns, don't bullshit I'ma only give you wild shit, rap with a mild pitch Only clever with that occasional style switch Y'all niggaz play around on the mic, that's why I'm bout to lay it down Savor they way that you soundin tonight Because, I listen to y'all niggaz records on Fool's Day Now crack open and bump my shit, it's Tuesday! [women singing] It's Royce 5'9!! This nigga know he too cool But don't ya know ya too smooth I really love how ya do It ain't no other like you You better wake up, he's coming... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem Album: Rock City Song: Rock City Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com "Rock City, Royce, 5'9, Slim, Shady" *skirt* "COME ON!!" [Royce Da 5'9"] Can't stop the hustle, Royce nickel nine Glock stops the tussle, nine shots'll bust you Pine box'll stuff you, fuck you! ("Fuck you!") I am not the tussle, niggaz don't know me *skirt* ("COME ON!!") I'm Detroit's king nigga *skirt* BOW! Rock City's where niggaz pimp hoes and ball Strip hoes in bars, steal clothes from malls  "Arms, and ya city's got the.." [3x] Titties saggin lookin like they got four arms Gold bottles, green bottles, Cris' to the don Niggaz get popped for sellin weed shaked with seeds If you hate me you hate the D (*vocal scratch*) please! I'm takin shit back, to the riots in the sixties Think I'm lying? Visit me (Where you live?) [Hook] + (Eminem) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (And come and rock wit me) "Rock.. city.. come on" "Rock.. on.. city.. come on!" [Royce Da 5'9"] Suburban and city niggaz hustle together Long as it's money envolved, niggaz'll tussle together Long as the hustle's a hustle, the green is green White is white, nigga we buyin if the price is right So (*scratch*) drop the mics Everything's on cock, from the shots to the dice We are not into hype You can't say we can't work Either we some plant workers or we some niggaz that plant work ("What") Detroit bitches is bout it You can just ask any one of ya niggaz that visit about it Any Seven Mile bitch know how to get rich She'll fuck you till you sleep PLUS lie to ya bitch PLUS she'll suck and swallow up outta ya dick And she'll keep a sugar daddy that'll buy her some shit, come on! [Hook] + (Eminem) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (And come and rock wit me) "The city with the bars, where the goons with the cars,  to produce, here we are.." [Royce Da 5'9"] Looted casinos, car shuffles, numbers to bet Disrespect and get a new smile under ya neck A city full of thug-ass niggaz, and punk-rockers Alotta niggaz act like Pac so cops watch 'em And shot blocks up in the black or the light Timbs White boys, look, act, and rap like Slim ("Hi!") Fight Music, knife users never respect it Guns talk (*scratch*) high schools with metal detectors A city full of Tommy Hearns thumpers Grant Hill hoopers, Barry Sanders runners, stunners Chaldeans wit weed connects like whoa! Type of weed, no need to test like 'dro Type of cats who got dough, they like ("So!") You real, then you might go.. (Where?) [Hook: 2X] + (Eminem) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city.. rock on!" (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock wit me" *scratches* (Come on and rock wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (Come on the block wit me) "Rock city" *scratches* (And come and rock wit me) [Royce talking] + (Eminem) Detroit Rock City ("Slim Shady") Won't you come on the block with us? ("Royce the 5'9") Won't you just come and rock with us? ("Royce the 5'9") Next Level ("Rock City") Royce the 5'9" ("Rock") Slim Shady ("Rock City") Uh uh, won't you come and rock with us? ("Rock City") Won't you come on the block with us? ("Rock wit me") Won't you come and rock with us? ("Rock wit-") Rock City.. touch it... ("Fuck!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9 f/ Pharrell, Tre' Little Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: Off Parole Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Royce talking w/ (Pharrell)] Be quiet (Yeah) I know what you thinking (Yeah) Who the hell is that (Yeah) You in the club minding ya own business (Yeah) And out of nowhere you here this (Yeah) How you supposed to act (Yeah) Neptunes (Yeah) Royce 5'9 (Yeah) It's my year baby, uh (Uh) [Verse 1 - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] Twelfth grade rode around, started out small (Uh) My father told me, before you walk, you gotta crawl (Uh) We was all outlaws wit our fists balled (Uh) We couldn't even count bars, we was just raw (Uh) MCer's battlin' at the club, for the plug Rappin' for the other rappers, strictly for the love That was cool 'til my life turned, and got tough I got a girl, got serious, got her knocked up (Uh) Uh oh, reality check, hold up (Uh) I gotta figure out a way, to get this dough up (Uh) I don't want my son to hate me, when he grow up (Yeah) So I gotta blow up, and leave it to' up (5'9, baby) I listened to my pops, whenever it got hard (Yeah) He said look if you gon' be a star, be a star (Yeah) I got hot, got a deal took rap (Yeah) Took the whole city wi me, and never looked back, baby (Uh) [Chorus - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) [Verse 2 - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] Yo, yo, it's all simple, make a million off the intro (Ugh) Y'all don't want it, 'cause you still say ya fin' to (Ugh) I'm finna blow, like this shit is so mental (Yeah, ugh) That's your life, your problem, and your pencil Cut the jokes, everybody wanna be rich (Whoo) You a fool if you don't, you see this (Bitch) Look at this chain, this bracelet, you hear me (Bling, bling) I don't won't respect, I want you to fear me (Yeah) Now look at me, this shit is getting real now (Uh) I want your money, I'ma spit what you can feel now (Uh) I tell the truth, so I guess I keep it real now (Uh) You thought I was ill befo', now I'm ill now (Come on baby) Come on wit it, I can afford to kill now (Afford, baby) Look at my son, ask him how he feel now (How you feel) It's real now, daddy's got a pill now Wave bye-bye we out of the hood, (Bye) what the deal now (Uh) [Chorus - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Yeah) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole [Bridge - Tre' Little w/ (Pharrell)] Detroit came up, you know we hot (Uh) 30 years where it became a big lot (Uh) 600s on chrome, you don't stop (Uh) Detroit we just hot (Come on) Young niggas stay fly at all times (Uh) Hoes 21 and under with gangsta rides (Uh) Keep our guns by our sides at all times (Uh) Detroit we just fly (Rock City) [Verse 3 - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] Yo you would love for me and you to switch places won't cha (Uh) You love hatin' don't cha, hate just to hate, don't cha (Uh) In the clubs yelling loud, like you wanna fight (Uh) But I just whisper, you ain't trying to die tonight (Naw, baby) I'm the king, yo I'm like the son of Jesus We got guns, and we'll use 'em, so please believe it (Yeah) Last had to try me, yeah I looked passed him But notice he's nowhere around, for you to ask him (Ha, ha, ha) Long as I gotta crew, and two in the safe baby (Yeah) You could scream 'til you BLUE in the face baby (Yeah) We getting ours, we don't care who in the way baby (Yeah) Lock and key, ain't nothin' you could save baby We don't want the bitches dog, we just want the honeys (Whoo) And we don't want the game neither, we just want the money It makes sense don't it, the blocks wit me (What) Welcome to the new world, Detroit Rock City (Yeah) [Chorus - Royce da 5'9 w/ (Pharrell)] We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Detroit Rock City) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole (Bring it back baby, uh) We can do it now, nigga I'm off parole [Bridge - Tre' Little w/ (Pharrell)] Detroit came up, you know we hot (Uh) 30 years where it became a big lot (Uh) 600s on chrome, you don't stop (Uh) Detroit we just hot (I hear you, baby) Young niggas stay fly at all times (Uh) Hoes 21 and under with gangsta rides (Uh) Keep our guns by our sides at all times (Uh) Detroit we just fly (Pharrell) Click, click, blaow (Uh) Click, click, blaow (Uh) Click, click, blaow (Uh) How you like us now The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City Song: My Friend Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Intro] A man is defined by his (Boing!) Catch my drift (*scratching*) I got to keep it raw The most anticipated (*scratching*) I got to keep it raw Yo, my is there for me, we like brothers Over the years we've grown close, just like one another I got a lot of friends, none as loyal as him I give a lot of love, none as spoiled as him The one friend you always wanna be nice to Besides, you kept me out of trouble in High School Close and distant, and hard in most positions He knows, and listens and needs no description, hangin' wit two nuts That can always depend on eachother when one them's feelin' used up Born at the same time in the same place Twins wit the same mom, but not the same face Fatigues from the same game, we gotta equally maintain We feed from the same brain We grew together and I considered you all mine You delivered in hard times, I love my (Friend!) [Hook] (*scratching*) It's the longest waited The most anticipated (*scratching*) I gotta keep it raw The bitches up on it Betta believe that (*scratching*) My (Friend!) (*scratching*) It's the longest waited (*scratching*) The most an-an-ticipated (*scratching*) I got to keep it raw The bitches up on it Betta believe that (*scratching*) My (Friend!), I never leave home without you with me Here for the hoes just out to get me Even when it's sticky your still wit me You stick wit me, you must be my (Friend!) A handy-tool, you never lay around the house A family jewel, too priceless to count him out The power to keep you grinnin', a thug mentality like me 'Cept he only beats wit women I need him for the health, I guess I'm a bit abusive I choke him up and beat him when he's thinkin' for himself Somethin' I really don' love doin, cuz I feel guilty and try to make it up to him My (Friend!), down for him, he's down for me And even when he's runnin' his mouth, you hear sounds from me I speak for the two of us everyday What's mines is his, we share everyday And if you wearin' lipstick, wear the same stick You look like a rainbow whenever you change it The power to beg and always were a hat And a raincoat when it's damp and shower's ahead He adores me, that's all it was That's why he do things without me, like fall in love The Game is ready to test the sharks But he's too vicious, that's why he never left my heart It's too late he grown now The two of them probably wouldn't even get along now Cuz of the time, ladies wanna get it on now, cuz of the rhyme And we can take 'em, one at a time, in front of the line I can rub it in his face, he'll never rub it in mines Besides, it ain't because of the fives, it's because of the nines, my  (Friend!) [Hook x2] The-the-the most anricipated (*scratching*) I got to keep-keep it raw I love my (Friend!) (*scratching*) It's the longest waited The most anticipated (*scratching*) I got to keep it raw The bitches up on it Betta believe that (*scratching*) My (Friend!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City v2.0 Song: You Can't Touch Me Typed by: rg19@bellsouth.net [Royce The 5'9''] T-M-Royce 5 Pause Listen to why girls drop they drawls Alot of em they wanna get involved Well why you still holdin up the wall Allow me to introduce myself My name is Royce Five Nine Sick Sick Emcee Here to filter the game To let clips empty Trackmaster sound now who's to blame 'Bout to slap rappers around and bruise the game O.k, jump (jump) If you want the respect then come (come) Get it from a nigga that'll merk you Or tattoo ya name on my arm Like you one of my dead homies, just to beat the case Believe me, I'ma lead the race What is my game? Wakin up next to chicks like "What is your name?" Hustlers big, Mustlers big Niggas better raise they wig Cause My Deal, My flow, My Song {Ladies move like you just don't care) This is Royce Five Nine, My streets, So Please (Everybody Throw ya hands in the air, Cause) We live forever (Wha) We won't go Never (Wha) We won't go broke never, cause You can't touch me [Verse 2] O.k Look Alot of people take me for a crook Like my careers been depicted from a book Nothing but hardcore here Read "The Source", head of my class for all four years Did I really fall out with Eminem (Chicka) No! Did I really get dropped from "Tommy Boy" (Chicka) No! Nigga please, I use more tools than "Black and Decker" Wrote songs for niggas for classic records Grimey! If you choose to live by the gun, young one, with hits Five nine is my hieght If I was ever to grow, tell y'all a lil' secret Nobody got to know Diss me, you don't want to back and forth Ya jewelery look like that shit they sell in the back of "The Source" So come how you come, you could just see me Cause I do what I do, Like i'm doin for T.V Cause My Deal, My flow, My Song {Ladies move like you just don't care) You know this is Royce Five Nine, My streets, So Please (Everybody Throw ya hands in the air, Cause) We live forever (Wha) We Won't go Never (Wha) We won't do whatever, cause You can't touch me [Christina Milan] So you wanna see me shake my ass? Tell me Royce what would you do for this? So you wanna get it Right Now Well you can't touch me, you can't touch me I'm feelin High tonight Let's ride with Royce 5'9 Tell you just one more time You can't touch me, you can't touch me [Royce] Bounce (bounce) If you wanna know what's the amount Come to me for the pounds not the ounce I react Trickey on people I'm mild-mannered but I slap hickey's on people Black King, Freiyon felt, Attract queens, Ice cold, plus hot, Rap "Leon Phelps" Oh! Where the money at, show me the dough Dummies, I'll show you the dough Cause My Dough, my flow, my shit, my song, my Notice I like sayin My And, notice I like me a Light-skinned Ma All curvey, that's somethin you can't deny First singles about me Second singles about my city The third is about my son Three things that's important to me I gotta be rich, cause being broke is somethin I can't afford to be Ladies in the club like Whoa! (Whoa) Turn a nigga down like Oh! (no!) We open up they mind like yo (yo) cause, you can't touch me Ladies in the club like Whoa! (Whoa) Turn a nigga down like Oh! (no!) We open up they mind like yo (yo) cause, you can't touch me [Chorus till fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da5'9 f/ Clipse, Pharell Williams, Tre-Little Album: Rock City Song: Mr. Baller Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Pharell] Nah man, we don't take our chains off...nah We're here to make noise! We're here to make noise With VA and Detroit boys We're here to make noise We're here to make noise! Nigga, we're here to make noise With VA and Detroit boys [Pusha T] Twin Nina Ross sisters Promise to never miss ya Hit ya thirty-four times to make your skin blister Extended clips, cocked back quick to chrome sisters You wild fire gunnin' bin barrels with rogue pistols Walkin' contradiction like "quiet noise" No words eyes blurred with my diamonds pores Four karats in these ears make you call your boys While I'm surrounded by bitches with guns and sex toys Blind love for money, head, and warm steel Coke off the boat wrapped in banana peels Life's so pricey, it's sendin' ya body chills And we baptize cars, put hollows through windshields [Hook x2] [Pharell] I'm Mr. Baller, nigga I'm Mr. Baller What's you talkin' bout nigga you see a baller Fuck that bullshit nigga cuz I'm a baller I take on all y'all nigga Now that's a baller [Tre-Little] Hollow tip what? Y'all cats don't want none I wanna see God, first come and meet my gun Life's a bitch Diamonds to shine (fucka) to shit Detroit, paradise if you roll wit my clique Otherwse, it's hell Ain't no escapin' the trips They gotta gun, good You'a need it in the land of the trench Pick 'em up, fuck 'em up Every man for theyself Unless you cheat wit a crew similar to myself We in the "to be" killa zone, playin' the D Lovin' the D Out-a-towners hatin' the D I die for the D If I could I'd fuckin' marry the D Stick my dick in the streets And nut a bomb in the D [Malice] You lookin' at at least 50 grand in your face And if you thought any less, just know you made a mistake They done told you wrong, Clipse in the grey Yukon Don't mistake this style for hot and it ain't lukewarm We gets busy Whether dressed in "crocdile" or Lizzie You can catch a hot ball from an all black Lizzie Start flamin', watch they cats start they explainin' Should've know, when around my dogs, tuck yo chain in Any time you look, bet you find us in whips Diamonds and shit, break scams from the finest of chicks Royce and Neptunes sick like dead babies in restrooms Malice and Dome Sheist, y'all niggaz is flesh wounds [Hook x2] [Royce Da5'9] Well, uh I was trained to hang 'til the raid is over Roll wit nuttin' but a whole brigade of soldiers I was young holdin' guns, I kept one wit me In the flatbed in the back of an F-150 I see three and the six, me and the Clipse Squeeze off, pop the guns, you seein' the tips Ride wit me, nigga die wit me Yo this money's the easiest shit to get in this world beside pussy That'll cost you, my whole crew will stomp you to death Wearin' cleats until you look like a waffle I won the battle The first nigga to ever get the cover of "The Source" And the cover of "Guns and Ammo" Burn you alive Soon as you and the fire collide Hit me, it'll just be a nigga hired to die Plus I ball, I'm ignorant dogg I'm a muthafuckin' star, nigga suck my balls (Suck my muthafuckin balls!) [Hook x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Twista Album: Rock City Song: Let's Go Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Huh? We the best, Twist' you at nigga c'mere Sift ya lye.. c'mere Extremely hard to be the king of a city it's dis A nigga that could twist like this A nigga that could rip any shit that he get Never balk and come with a metaphor like this Flow like dis, never broke but flow for the dough like this Never been a nigga that you know like dis Cold like dis, but ah, it's just me and D-Mo like dis Respect is a must, got every nigga in every hood checkin for us Never catch us catchin the bus Niggaz got whips, niggaz got loot, niggaz got troops, got guns, got clips (what) Next big thing, iced watch to go with the necklace ring Iced out to go with the rest it seems More or less the more of the best you seen Big buzz, only rollin with big thugs We get in clubs you know you gettin ya shit bust Not too many ducks is goin against us If ya don't know now, you'll know when ya lift up Rhyme till I can't rhyme no more, ball till I can't ball no more Till I'm 5'9" no more, till the ice can't shine no more Which ever comes first, let's go nigga [Hook - 2X] Who the fuck want what?! Who the fuck want what, want what?! [Twis] Playa tell me why you hatin, cuz you the one take [Twis] that from a nigga that'll open you up [Twis] You gotta send the deck up when we holla [Royce Da 5'9"] One of a hundred niggaz'll hate my shit Eighty-nine'll bite, the other ten'll think of comin alike Cuz my shit when it come to the mic, 99 outta 100'll like Never disrespect a nigga grippin the tec, it's my shit Put the flow in affect with my clique Go to the death, flow the best, my spit - I'm sick, it's my shit Try to get slick and niggaz is gettin hit You don't want that do you? It comes back to you And I ain't even tryna rap to you, so suck my dick, it's my shit Too many willin to pin ya in rap put a endin to that, do the math with me Straight to the lab, we're sendin you back Keep going, you know that no one can last wit me Stay armed with the biggest of arms, got bitch-niggaz hittin alarms Every rhyme is strictly writtin to harm This my shit, keep every word of every verse in position to launch Never gon' fail, never got plans of catchin a L I'ma forever prevail, whatever you yell It's my world, everything else, c'mon nigga [Hook - 2X] {*pause*} [Royce talking *beat slowly returning*] Motown, uhh.. Chi-town.. 5'9.. Twista, let's go nigga uhh [Twista] Tell me who the fuck want what Whatchu murderous niggaz is ready to make the deck go up? I could cause a scene to make you throw up Put a bullet in yo' gut, bat em down and leave the sto' cut Cuz homie you ain't got no choice ta, Dat why you runnin to a real rida like Twista, or Roysta Let the thirty caliber annoint ya Whodie won't even know he hit till he feel his shirt suckin the moisture Voice ya opinion if ya want to Kick-ass winner, kick up dust in the middle of the arena Subpeona motherfuckaz like the courts do We'll blast shortly ya nuts bust and it won't be a misdemeanor We them niggaz that'll come approach ya Shockin ya body our Bacardi keeps all ya nerves from bleedin Until we heard no breathin - two undercovers, we comin we get the dirty even; they know it's servin season Shit is good as gone, cuz I gotta bring the goodies home The petty packin penny brushin with the pretty pearl handle Pistol, Pelle Pelle pants and the hoodie on And you comin with the Midwest shit? Remember how we took you, you trippin off how we did that shit Somebody tell me where the weed at Some niggaz knew I was about to snap so he hid that shit I was gon' get buck - come hard - get crunk Go into a thing and let the rhyme ride, and hit them niggaz from the blindside And take the whole opposition down with my dog 5'9 Ceremony for the killaz, bustin em off, and comin off so you can bust yo' nut Though I'm bout to bust yo' guts But if yo' operation is hatin, who the fuck want what? [Hook - 4X] *beat continues then fades out* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: D-Elite Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Once again relax, it's just music. Niggaz right here, show you how I do Niggaz right here, show you my crew Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah Fuck a team like you who swing like you We block shots in the ring lightning Rock hot rocks kill, get the cream still Blasphemous mind ill steal rhyme skill Nas couldn't rhyme for this, Nickel-Nine will I go through, cool out, blow a whole crew Cool out bro, out-glow a whole jewel We bout to blow up, got your nose up You could catch a blocka-blocka try to stop or hold us And your block a whole bust, live news Ride through with one girl and five dudes Best crew in the D, niggaz best move All you niggaz gun sleep and your vest used Niggaz bluffin, bore me, nothin for me The only overlord me, only glory, you reach! Wake up and smell the aroma nigga you sleep The contract is out on The King, nigga you breach D-Elite - Jah, Cut Throat Billy Nix, Little, Nickle, Cha, upmost Respect dawgs, expect your neck cut rope The barrel of the Swiss, whole tec up close If the block was any hotter I could start a cult I was trouble the minute my momma's water broke You never see the weak destroy me, I'm focused I was raised by a postal employee, need I say more? {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9 f/ Wallstreet Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: Take His Life Typed by: tha_kurios@hotmail.com What...what...yo... (Take his life) all these niggaz wana do is talk (Nigga take his life) fuck around and run into some real niggaz (Take his life) don't these niggaz know it's not a game (Nigga take his life) don't make me put this bullet in your frame (Take his life) all these niggaz wana do is talk (Nigga take his life) fuck around and run into some real niggaz (Take his life) don't these niggaz know it's not a game (Nigga take his life) don't make me put this bullet in your frame We detroit niggaz The illest breed of niggaz to breathe Detroit niggaz Kill on the street Kill an mc Kill on the beat Kill on the creep Kill in my sleep Kill with my peeps Kill a nigga Ha! kill with my heat Got them not moving their lips like ventriloquists Issue the hit empty the clip until his ten becomes six Trampoline you off your feet in the form of flips Fill him with lead got him writing his name with his dick I got niggaz like it's a walk to school worth my goods I got niggaz pumping for blood in the heart of your hood The fact remains you're better off praising our name Beef with us that'd cost about your life in change Fuck that all y'all strange niggaz to me Fuck that my niggaz'll hang niggaz for me You living or dying? nigga you know I'm gripping the iron For the drama your man is a bitch and I'm itching to try him Chorus x 2 I promise to live on the side of the tracks Where witnesses is frequently trading shoes for ? tags We want war so we coming to get it in blood And we ain't leaving without something to put in the mud Pleading for your life with more one-liners than rhyme fights Backfire on niggaz who don't handle their mind right Shine bright and we straight thug niggaz with problems Just making it known long as we got them then y'all got them Got it listen that's your brain talking to you You did what i said you'd do look what I led you to I'm above your hood so i can dead you too You living in the belly of the beast that I fed you to I know it's cold go to the light they calling for you Be a man set an example what a baller would do Him and all his crew can fall in to The wrath of the 17 shot exposure I told you! Chorus x 2 Size you up six feet couple inches Sneak attack a cat who naps with slow senses Red dot gun cocked picture me missing Aim precise steady hand and start spitting I'm hard hitting and ready to disregard living I call life hell I call bars prison You all off rhythm trying to ball wit' him Worse off, trying to brawl wit' him all fall victim Slow down guy before your brakes fall off And you crash into something that ain't that soft You ain't that raw gun in your face what's up now? Pleading to make it right you need to say goodnight Chorus to fade... Royce 5'9 ? wise guy What nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: Nickel Nine Is... Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Royce] Uhh-uhh uhh uhh, yeah homeboy Two gangstas, whattup Smut Peddlers? My man Milo, yeah yeah yeah Whattup Ruckus? We gangstas, yeah Niggaz don't know me, call me heat That's all you know is these verses, these names Nigga nigga nigga Nickel Nine is - me, not, them This is - him, not, they Royce, Reef, double, R Beef is close but trouble's, far Nickel Nine is what the rhyme is I put my time in, nigga Nickel Nine is Uhh uhh - me, not, them This is - him, not, they Yo, he is. [Royce Da 5'9"] The reason why the funds is dizzy Money continuously spendin, round and around like a frisbee My runs is sticky from, the second-hand smoke from outta the guns they busy, EHH-EHH-EHH-EHH come get me He is - quick on the draw, same nine that I used when he thought I copped it and popped it at the same time Shit, carry tools, you gotta The streets is over-populated with niggaz who cheap, like Andrew Goulatta Royce and Reef, double R When the gutterest beefs meet with the troubled bar it's nothin but heat Niggaz I'm in and outta this booth, like Clark Kent for the youth Flyin with the NARC proof tint for the Coupe Niggaz be trippin a lot, so I keep the longest clip in a lock Hit you while you loadin the clip in the glock like BLAOW! No life, no breath The only games I play is "Umi Says" like Mos Def (nigga) [Royce Da 5'9"] Over-protected, heed the poet's connections When it goes in effect the only thing froze is the necklace That's it, keep the gat by me, I'm that rowdy So none of you's can see me like Jack Ponty None of you niggaz bad as me, I got a +Mobb+ and we +Deep+ like Hav' and P, so get a job! (uhh) My shoes is, nine and a half, size is too big For every thug nigga listen and they noddin his head You better know that, he is a motherfuckin throwback Rap niggaz nowadays is so wack, wish I could go back Shit is undone; so I spend money like it's more from where it came, even more where it didn't come from The time it took to write this, I could be sellin twice this Some white shit like, my venom is drivers priceless My goons they'll put you away And if it's heat then it is no beef, homie I'll cook you today (c'mon) [Royce Da 5'9"] I got niggaz like, "That's Eminem's man, ain't it?" Like that's my name, like I changed it when my man became famous By the way, you ain't beefin with Slim, you beefin with US So, stay out the magazines, keep it (shh shh) hush, okay? These motherfuckin rappers is hilarious dawg You never too big for that box cause the area's small And you'll fit (yeah) six feet deep is where you will sit Bring your crew, I'll turn sixteen deep into a trip To the sky (sky) Yeah, you don't wanna hover Your mommy wouldn't like it Whattup Proof? My nigga Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah [Chorus] w/ minor variations [Outro: Royce] Yeah, Nickel Nine is what the rhyme is I put my time motherfucker Nickel Nine, is Nigga, yeah yeah yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah yeah, Wall Street My nigga X-Gov, Tre' Little, Shecky Green Game nigga, spit Game nigga, yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City Song: Boom! Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com *ticking* [Royce Da 5'9] Uhh.. boom... Tick tick tick.. yeah.. 5'9 uhh Yo.. I'm the verbal-spit Smith Wesson I unload with sick spit the quick wick could split a split-second Bomb with a lit wick expression You here a tick tick then you testin.. My saliva and spit can split thread into fiber and bits So trust me, I'm as live as it gets Everybody claimin they the best and head the throne Since B.I.G is gone, if you ask me, they +Dead Wrong+ My flow is hotter than the flash from the click When the hammer slaps the bullet on the ass from the clip You wind up in a room full of my dawgs I'll have you feeling like a fire hydrant in a room full of dogs So come, come now, get pissed on, shitted on Tough talk turns to, "Can't we all just get along" You get blazed when the mic's off, shot when it's on You probably ducked when they laid the gun shot in your song My gun strrr-utters when it speaks to you Utter shit to repeat to you Nothing the clip, then give a speech to you Me and Premier, we kind of the same in ways We both speak with our hands in dangerous ways Rap now is a circus of clowns A whole lot of lip from cliques I'd probably rap circles around I'm the next best to reach a peak formerly known as the best keep secret, I guess that I just leaked it [Hook - 2X] (Boom!) Somebody better duck or (RUN) Somebody better (Watch out cuz he's bout to blow up) "Boom..boom, bam, God-damn!" "..Royce 5'9" I'm a motherfuckin star, I don't battle no mo' I provide the the gun clappin around of applause after ya show We can go toe to toe cuz they calling you hot Steppin around all ya punches like, "That's all you got?" Everyday I'm meetin somebody and all of they peeps Quick to shake a nigga's hand and show me all of they teeth And these bitches I be pattin they asses They be all dumb and googly-eyed lookin at me, battin they lashes Rappers think Detroit niggaz not as down as them Or since I'm down with Slim that I sound like him Quick to judge me and tell me that my hook might sell And say faggot shit to me like I look like L My advice quit talking it's over I was knockin niggaz out when you was knockin sticks offa they shoulders I got dirt done in my past, I know y'all sweat I got regrets older than some of you so called vets Niggaz say I found God with the flow Bring the police to the studio and bring the bomb squad to the show Ain't a nigga touching mines When you listen to my shit - you don't chew, you don't breathe, you'll miss a fucking line Every time I spit, I tick to show you it's hot Leave me in the deck too long I blow up your box Boom! *explosion* "God..God-damn!" "..Royce 5'9" [Hook - 2x] "Boom..boom, bam, God-damn!" "..Royce.. 5'9" "Boom..boom, bam, God-damn!" "..Royce 5'9" "Boom..boom, bam, G...God-damn!" "...Royce 5'9" *ticking* .. *explosion* .. *more ticking* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: Soldier's Story Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Man talking] w/ (Royce) We're in a situation, where everybody involved knows the stakes (What up Reef) We're soldier's (*echoes*) Soldiers don't go to hell, it's war [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] I'm horse-back on the drums, from the kick to the snare Get them shits in the air, shit is fixin' to flair (*Spit*) Spit on the beat, wrap it and ship it Put it out, shit on the streets, that's me Bust you in yo shit, and tell you don't you ever That's me, I need respect, don't you better That's me, chrome berretta, in the waistline Of my own get up, I'm gone and still goin (*Car horn*) That's me, you hear a pop and see a drop, I'm comin That's me, when everybody on ya block is runnin That's me, wit the rocks that could block the sun in The glock that I got, got a box it come in I'm like the fear, that Biggie and Pac is comin (Uh) The reason why them baller boys cop them onions That's me, 5 to the 9 doo rag be tied to the side You could either ride with it or die [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] Grooooom, yeah now you know a soldier's comin He came right into yo hood, and he sold you somethin He spit, wit a frozen flow, and he told you somethin I think I hear a soldier's comin, that's me Grooooom, yeah now you know a soldier's comin You better run for it, run for it, run Yeah now you know a soldier's comin You better run for it, run for it, run [Bridge - Royce Da 5'9"] We soldier's, (We) bats, (We) chains (We) gats, (We) game, (We) raps, (We) names We soldier's, in the streets we keep heat Niggas is deep, and niggas'll creep, creep [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] Far from what you would call soft, you competing What you would fall off, I'm beef, you call off That's me, the one that you supposedly beef wit That's me, we fought, but you kept it a secret Talking bout what you gon' do when you find me and keep seeing me (Uh) Lying like you dying to catch me, and put three in me (Uh) Told him cut the jokes, but I guessed that he wan't hearin me (Uh) Convince his self that he wan't fearing me My niggas all killers, from the bottom straight to the top Ride wit me rather know they destination or not That's me, the baddest rap you heard in a while Ride with the gat in the lap, convertible style That's me, the killer that lurk in the dark Tear up ya goddamn hood, from the church to the park Grooooom, motherfucker, you hear that noise You better run for it, run for it, run [Verse 3 - Royce Da 5'9"] Nothin' but underground shit, comin out of my pump Decade funk from a punk, comin out of my trunk (Uh) Everybody wanna thug, wit them triggers they pullin Be shootin pip-pip guns, that ain't as big as my bullets Live from Detroit comin, to a block near you (Uh) Real soon, somebody might get popped near you (Uh) All you wanna do is rap, I'll be listening right After flippin a bit difference, between a clip and a mic I'ma soldier (Soldier) cool as I wanna be Gun totin, talkin to hoes, rude as I wanna be Who wants some of me, this is no problem That I can't fix, I got a tool that I brung wit me (Uh) Hardcore niggas your nothin (Uh) Ben Franklin run this motherfucker, and in God I trust him (Uh) If you ever see my guns out, I'm probly bustin Why you niggas ridin and dying, I'll be truckin [Bridge] [Outro - Royce Da 5'9"] Uh, uh, uh, uh Royce Nickel 9, 2000 Big Reef, uh [Man and (Woman) talking] Beef, we soldier's, we follow codes, orders (Soldier's they justify everything that you do) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City Song: Who Am I Typed by: QBsFine1@hotmail.com Yo I could strike physically or mentally or I exist in you, I'm wit' you get your sense of the call I have no sense of humor, I vent, you must Stay the fuck out of my way, I'm too much I'm the first to let you know if something is real, I come Right before the comforter squeal, I'm something you feel Go ahead try to fight with me nigga do the best that you do I could be hard, I could be soft I'll even let you choose I exist upon the impact of a flying fist Always show up unannounced on you nigga, I'm kinda sick What that nigga shoot that gun at me for, you still alive I'm a riot not numb anymore nigga now die I command fear, so be afraid, be very afraid You get carried away, then I'm a see you Nigga you better keep the heater with you I'm waiting for you dog Cause theres somebody that wanna see me with you Keep an attitude, I'm evil Spiteful, stay mad at you motherfuckin' practical people Trust the one you love and I'm a make you cry You even try to fight drugs and I'm a take its side The only thing that stronger than me is time, and yours is limited And I'm involved in it 'til you all finished I despise you, thats why I surprise you Even if your mother dies I'm a fuckin' remind you I want you walking in front of a truck or a car Cause I hangs out at these hospitals like a club or a bar If you afraid; be, cause I'm so hard Only one who can stop me is your God that made me So, he is your witness, I am your sickness I got every human being alive on my hitlist I'm still in your way, I'm still under your skin You don't want me but you would give me away? Then fuck you Niggas better know than I'm something they'll never know All you'll ever know is that hurt his name (Chorus x2) Nigga I'm pain (Pain; I'm comin' for you) You know that I will hurt you (I'm comin' for you) You know I'll rise to hurt you (I'm comin' for you) And you know I'll be back soon Nigga I'm pain (Pain) Yeah, I hope you like the name (I'm comin' for you) No need to fight the pain (He will be comin' for you) Cause he will strike a-gain (Outro) Im Pain I'ts gotta hurt Its gotta hurt Its gotta hurt (Pain) I know, Its gotta hurt Pain, Pain, Pain, Pain The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Amerie Album: Rock City Song: Life Typed by: JPMoney01@excite.com (Royce talking) Come here Royce (Royce talking over chorus) Come over here, sit down, let me talk to you Right here, over here Sit on daddy's lap I want to tell you something (Chorus: Amerie) [Royce] Life is a moment in space When the dream is gone, it's a lonelier place [This is life] Life is a moment in space When the dream is gone, it's a lonelier place [Royce] Listen, yo Little Royce Nickel Nine, eyes wide with sight With a future as bright as the light in the eyes of Christ Ready to take on the world and whatever is in it Proof read, sign, and seal whatever you finish I can only lead you while you're on your quest for knowledge I'ma teach you to have sense and to respect the dollar Hope for the best, and you'll see, your world will be solid I'ma teach you the truth, even behind worldly logic This is life, cut and dry, days is bright, nights is dark Fights get sparked, it's almost like to get ahead You got to be twice as smart, the realities of life is harsh Just know that God's keeping you level He'll even speak through the ghetto to reach you Just to teach you that the streets is the devil Everybody's dishonest, different Which means that we're dying by livin' Oblivious to the time that we're given So you don't prepare for the death, you live for the life And live right like, do right by your kids and your wife Have fun as a child, yo them years is precious  The future brings fear and stresses as the year progresses You're gonna turn a lot of them down, you're gonna feel rejection You're gonna tell a lot of lies and you're gonna hear confessions It's a two way street when you deal in his presence  Only your life can show that everything is real in this message This is life (Chorus: Amerie) [Royce] Life is a moment in space When the dream is gone, it's a lonelier place [This is life] Life is a moment in space When the dream is gone, it's a lonelier place [Royce] Yo, the whole world is upon you, the pressure is on And you can probably sum your life up the best when you're gone Upon the creation of all men, destiny's born For us to reproduce, so you can keep the legacy goin' I know you think I'm Superman, but I got weaknesses too I keep a firm leash on things by believing in you  And after I'm gone I live on breathing through you  And anything I had in this life, I leave it to you Aim for the sky and fly till you come back down I had you the baton and you run, till you come back 'round Let your heart tell your temper, "Put that gun back down!" Dry your tears up and turn that frown upside-down It'd be plenty to cry for, think life, not death You got much more to live for than to die for But you got to stay humble  Cause just as hard as your work to get it There's people working harder to take it from you Cause life, something that people take for granted As time passes, you're gonna want something back But you won't get it cause history is made every second So you crave every lesson and save every blessin' No matter how you view the world yo, you never will get it The world will be the world through the eyes of whoever is in it But things ain't gonna always go right Look at it like, yo this ain't your day, but this your life, and live Life (Chorus: Amerie) [Royce] Life is a moment in space When the dream is gone, it's a lonelier place [This is life] Life is a moment in space When the dream is gone, it's a lonelier place [Amerie] There will be trials and tribulations But don't let them, don't let them, don't let them bring you down I said you better keep going to your destination After your darkest hour the sun will come around (Royce talking) This is life Yo I don't care, I don't care if this song don't sell one copy That's not even what it's for It's for you, my boy This is life (Amerie singing in the background) You gotta keep going on, you gotta keep moving on Be strong, be strong, be strong Cause this is life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City V2.0 Song: King of Kings Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Lemme school you.. [Chorus: sung] - in background I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I.. [talking over chorus] Yo, to all my hungry disciples Listen (let's talk) sit still, sit still. Sit still (blackout) listen, the hungriest. Kings, kings, kings, sit still (the hungriest) Listen, lemme school you for a minute. Blackout, blackout (blackout).. [Verse One: Royce] An angel from the lost, spite headband, marked dead man Innermost thoughts locked, dangling from a cross (what) The hotter the heart, the harder - wrapped up Crucified with my chest up, felt forsaken by the Father Wounded rebel (oooh) in Jerusalem Gettin picked on, and whipped by the goons of the Devil Black man, 5 foot 9, see the dawn when he stares out With wool hair and feet of bronze Birdstick, a black staff with brown handle Backtrack; my first kicks, brown sandals In the breeze of the surgeon, surrounded by merchants I'mmaculate birth, conceived by a virgin Do a lot in the lyric, due to the true and not living Pure as the white driven human inside of a spirit Or the Cathedral, that's only a quarter illegal Slaughter the people, all for the forces of evil Exterior armor, transparent, non-vivid The last grand wizard slash serial bomber Here it is; I'm Heaven sent, livin in Hell All-seeing eye, in hand of the pyramids and keep watchin Out for the death while the beats knockin Plot by the Devil in a blue dress and chief stockings Spiritual last, equipped with physical mass Able to think quick and bring miracles to pass The lost wonder of dark days to breathe light in Christ titan, cough thunder and sneeze lightning Control the thoughts, procore, feed the gators Sole mediator of code in the Holy War, in front of the mobs And a storm comin in March Locked in the physical form of the son of the God [Chorus: sung] w/ adlibs I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I.. [Verse Two: Royce] The true and living son of the son, thorough Tongue swore of war, speak and slash son of a gun When the rumors started I departed - I don't know some old shit about me being placed in a tomb in the Garden Listen here you lost, I was tortured and died for the cause And got caught, disappeared from the cross First into a lesson and learned of my return to the Earth in the form of a perfect human specimen The written jeweler, driven from the face of a leader Slave of the people, in the form of a hidden ruler Satan's descendents, put a break in what they intended The hatred is ended - sway the other way of the sentence Bells'll go and tell, defendants'll go to jail Hot coal on ya trail, sinners'll go to Hell I got a soul for sale, well; Let's start the bidding at a tragic death Who knows what's finna happen next? Cousin of death, with predictions that I can promise Gave it to Nostradamus and now he touchin the rest The heart caller, balancing birds on my finger Nerves of a cheetah, birthed with the urge to walk water Foul searchin, bi-weekly, all-purpose Talk verses in dashikis and fly turbans Enter the scheme of things, all love All thugs get judged by me, the king of the kings.. [Chorus: sung] w/ adlibs ...don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Royce Da 5'9 f/) D-Elite -  	Billy Nix, Cha Cha, Cut Throat, Jah 5'9, Tre' Little Album: Rock City Song: D-Elite Part 2 Typed by: anthonydavidjames@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist State ya name gangsta! [Tre' Little] Tre' Little don status hold my dick Say ya label push the date back now that's what you get I came in this game like it's more than rap Dog, I'm tryin' to destroy the salary cap The Source is happy we came six covers its covered That'll last about May, June well into the summer Why talk about different colors for various coupes Shit green fart Blue, oooh clever you Help me ma' I'll take a shot at any one of y'all Got mami droppin' draws before the first phone call We some gangstas study the ten crack commandments Stay big worship Hail Mary that's how we live Lay low good guys catch you with a hook I, know why you lie Ya crew aint quite like mine Spit it like ooh my, these labels like ooh my State ya name gangsta! [Cha Cha] Its the C-H-A, say it wit me niggas Cha Cha Cha Y'all Cha Cha Cha You cannot lie or deny these niggas aint rah rah Put the barrel on the bridge of your nose and turn you cock-eyed Steppin to us not wise, told you how to get live Go in depth best with the finger next to the index Such threats expect five guys, five techs Make they gats all sing in unison like a quintet They don't say whodi, son, dun, or youngn You can owe em and say hi and they greet you like "Hey Guy" What up though Nickel, Jah, Tre', X, and Cut Throat My brethrens all veterans all throwin up sevens When we rock hits to the sky throw em up to the heavens Us and crews clash no more we built it from poor Me and Royce hit and restore what we were buildin before So add a million sold or more when I get at you whores State ya name gangsta! [Cut Throat] Cut Throat the living threat street shit to blueprint The guideline rappers sideline until they bow down Them little guns y'all blow I stay on the low Rap like this and work the scale like "So" Take it to the gutter we could duke or shoot it out Switchblades pump gauge, whatever you about Burn you to ya hood we could bang for the work For the building or the blocks do the thang to the dirt I'ma FUCK-in fool crews DUCK and move Stay in a FUCKED up mood one FUCKED up dude When its hot I, breathe in the heat don't even sleep I be knee deep in the beats that made me Certified gangsta specialize in Duct Tape Let you know how many fo' five slugs ya gut take Show ya favorite thug how to be a thug, top that (NIGGA!) Turn ya favorite drug into another drug, cop that (NIGGA!) State ya name gangsta! [Jah 5'9] Jah da 5'9 speak and shake rhyme great history made The street gangsta city flow race against time Never sign for cash my hustles the shit You feel the breeze push past you get a grip Millennium game, earth tone keep it in range Close to the grey I rock fake niggas shouldn't doubt us Surrounded by crooks, full clips and fine weed Choice clothes my mind blocked seein fine foes Long nights bust those in small Christ Niggaz playin themselves just thinkin we rhyme alike How would you fight me I'm like ten families strong Manipulation by song relate to it niggas Henny on the rocks toast to the real in God we trust Calm gladiator song navigator Them whole blocks gotta story tell All of a sudden seasons change, your welcome State ya name gangsta! [Billie Nix] Billie Nix black man is here listen close Spittin just to niggas, X address the niggas Most niggas don't see right see light like its darkness No guns in sight no might for the heartless We run ya mics you write like you retarded No offense but ya flow is slow and dense I know my niggas hearin the D ya smellin this You smoke that what you wrote while broke, yellin rich Didn't know you shoulda spoke while broke sayin poor Then biggie up kick in the door play it some more This is the evolution of emcee who dissin us? Gettin Rah stick up nigga hand me ya listeners Get a job we here D-Elite touch it Matter fact, niggas is wack, wall street fuck it X government agent remember yo name Remember yo game you niggas wont be spittin the same, motha fucka State ya name, gangsta! My God! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9 f/ Tre Album: Rock City Song: Get'cha Paper Typed by: ReddDawg84@aol.com  [Royce] uh, yeh Rock City is the anthem This one is the theme My nigga Tre [Tre] Detroit came up you know we hot 30 years were gators and big locks 600's on chrome, you don't stop Detroit we just hot [Royce] My flow switch go, pop like a pistol Shit, don't stop, its so hard How many times must I tell you how I do? How many times must I prove how I do? You, get six million ways to die, choose one Or, booya!  you can get one assigned to ya Hows about to thump, when I'm thumbin this non Ruger Something that will tear you in half and times two ya (ooh) I don't think you are better then me (no) Nobodys better then me Niggas better quit believing they better then a nigga thats merely letting them breath, I dead them with ease Now come one, you can get swallowed If you let your lead get you into something That your eraser can't get you out of I wrote a song about it, like to hear it here it go (ahhhhh haaaaaa) Thank you very much [Royce] (Chorus) Cause we get this jumpin up in here We don't want no trouble up in here I gon' get my money up in here Ladys is you with me? (ooh) Nobodys better then me (no) I don't think your better then me (ooh) Somebody better believe Getcha Paper, Now Lets Go [Royce] You see how my wrist it glows and I'm here to get this dough You can see my shit explode And if you aint with me (so?) (How many?) Hits does it take for you to believe me? (How many?) Times do I gotta tell you its easy? (How many?) People must I run up on, and? (How many?) Bout to see the gun up drawn Nigga, we just wanna get it up jumpin Up in here but ya'll be frontin We can rumble anytime, ya'll niggas talkin shit is nothin Try to fuck with nothin, but a hustler You get gutted like a blunt Or you get smoked, or treated like a joke Niggas why did you lie? Like you fittin to stop it I'm donny ize, lottery ticket? It's in the pocket While I'm high, while im on top While I'm living, while im survivin While I'm even able to say "while I" (Chorus) [Tre] Detroit came up you know we hot 30 years were gators and big locks 600's on chrome, you don't stop Detroit we just hot Young niggas stay fly at all times Hoes 21 and under with gangsta rides Keep our guns by our sides at all times Detroit we just fly [Royce] Whoa, pause for a second for the flow Hands up for my niggas from the D A momment of silence for my enemies (tssh) It wont turn to beef till you fools Do something to me or one of my crew We lay low like Master P and Snoop With' high shots that will put you away You don't wanna step in front of the gun, when it's comin it's like the abundance of like a hundred the numbers is runnin I'm a rare form, you bled warm, be gone dead You prepare for me, beware all, lets go Mami lookin robotic cause of the strobe light Hands up in the sky for the whole night You can get between the thighs if it goes right The perfect song for the job, and it goes like... [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Tre' Little Album: Rock City Song: She's the One Typed by: AArsdam@aol.com [Royce] Asshole Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too More heated, ready to outgun you It's too late I already outgunned you You was around, you know the outcome too Let's play, lemme show you what Game is Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is Please, I'm reppin' a 'd' homeboy Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy Royce five-nine's the name, niggaz know And niggaz know, dealin' wit me niggaz know Aiiyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride I got a five in Southside, you wanna drive Beside, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl Can't get none, but you know I love you girl [Hook] [Royce] She the one that wanna (Whoop, whoop) Sayin' at the same time what I won't do And every day I say I want you (To jump off) Where you come through, for me (I don't know) And if you come would you (Whoop, whoop) How you gon' tell me that you want to (Want to) And then tell me what you won't do (Won't do) Why you gonna lie to me (I don't know) [Tre' Little] What up girl, wit you an' your ugly friend She a two, you like sun times ten Anyway I heard you when you did the (Whoop, whoop) Chicken call (Cluck, cluck), snatchin' up mens Tell what what you want, baby daddy got that Gotta get it this week while there's no sales tax (Awwwww) You can't detect sarcasm, me I detect a freak who like orgasms (Uhhhhh) Tre I hold you down matter fact I'll be a blast to pin yo ass down (Damn,  damn) Tell your friends I'm still in your ear She actin' like your pet, what you trained her this year Tramp wit a pissy attitude, say I grind food, and I bet she be cool All she want is attention, lemme give her some Take this big face, get a cab, take yo ass home (Least he gave you a hundred) I wasn't that rude, this ain't Outkast, me and you Yo mama, and yo cousin too, I'm tryin' to keep it simple I'm tryin' to fuck you, c'mon [Hook] [Royce] Okay, you want money, I want sex We can both, take it or leave it, it makes us even We like those freak hoes that like our style Clean up that pole, go upside down Us cuttin' the chains, it's just easy I call you mama, you breast feed me Wait, your tummy hurts (Oh), you feelin' better You can blow, like the Neptunes, after the Jigga record Me and my nigga Tre can tag team you Grab our two-ways and both beam you We can take you out, but your friends talkin' for ya Oh, I'm sorry, you hungry, we got some sausage for ya All it needs is a bun, and you can see it get pumped Extra special sauce, now eat it for lunch Size ten is the dick and the heat is the pump Oh I see what you want, she so indecisive, cuz... [Hook x2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build & Destroy Song: We're Live (Danger) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com We live...ladies, so fuck witta nigga like - me You not...ready, to fuck with a nigga [imitating Hall & Oates] Oh oh, here he comes Watch out now, he'll chew you up I know you gone here me come I won't stop, now tell me who you love [Royce Da 5'9"] I bet you never met nobody like this before Same game that he grew back from '64 I might rob from a pimp just to give to his whores I'm just one of the forty thieves 'bout to get through this door Take game from a nigga with game and make change And meanwhile a clean house and take names I'm a walking million dollar price A talking billion dollars tight, feelin' like some zillion dollar ice I clown on fools Dump these little rappers in the Great Lakes and tell 'em the crown don't move Though you still ramble your lips I still hear you Just examine your bitch, my prints still near you Once I talk to these hoes, they never talk back Once they walk through these doors, they never walk back Niggaz better raise they weight, today they late When Nickle-Nine raid they dates, the player haters. We Liiiive...ladiesss (Don't you want to outdo my mind?) We Liiiive...ladiesss (Never met a boy like you in my life) We Liiiive...ladiesss (I know you gon' see my Coupe fly by) We Liiiive...ladiesss (Never met a boy like you in my life) [Royce Da 5'9"] I know you wanna fuck with a nigga that's gang-sta Get you to your room, get into your womb Dig a deeper hole for you watch your face change Your weight gain, large helmet, Milky Way vane (How long?) Long as the frame of a Great Dane Take names that belongs in a frame bronze I'm 'bout the hottest name, cause the sun can't fall You can't take your eye off, your untamed broad She wanna ride along side of the same wall Put aside her pride holler and name call Tell you all types of moves, you don't do Say it's all in the tongue and the finger, coach you Women worldwide say, "Royce, you're so true" In this real world, what sits on a robe rules How can I be the King down on my knees This is for the ladies, fellas follow my lead We just wanna say. We Liiiive...ladiesss (Don't you want to outdo my mind?) We Liiiive...ladiesss (Never met a boy like you in my life) We Liiiive...ladiesss (I know you gon' see my Coupe fly by) We Liiiive...ladiesss (Never met a boy like you in my life) [imitating Hall & Oates again] Oh oh here he comes Watch out now, he'll chew you up I know you gone here me come I won't stop, now tell me who you are [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the calmset, most are most smooth Whatever they want me to be, I'm no fool I rhyme for the ladies, rhyme for my fellas In my heart, I'm just an MC that time undeveloped This one's for your girl, I'm 'bout to help you with her A dick-to-a-doorstep service that self-delivers Follow Ma, lot of Prada gotta buy a lot of bling Follow-badda-swallow-bada-boom-follows-bada-bing Canteen style, Luis the thirteenth After your chick smiles I knew it was working Rich niggaz, you can't beat then join 'em You can't join us, then beat it Leave us alone, you hater you! We Liiiive...ladiesss (Don't you want to outdo my mind?) We Liiiive...ladiesss (Never met a boy like you in my life) We Liiiive...ladiesss (I know you gon' see my Coupe fly by) We Liiiive...ladiesss (Never met a boy like you in my life) We live...ladies, so fuck witta nigga like - me You not...ready, to fuck with a nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce the 5'9" Album: Build & Destroy/Scary Movie Soundtrack Song: Scary Movies (Sequel) Typed by: rimgrund@uoguelph.ca What's your favourite scary movie? Live from the dungeon, we coming Y'all besta be running, we coming Y'all don't want none of this gun an' I don't know why y'all keep frontin' Yo I'ma scare the socks off you For sure the shock stops all you Knock ya lox off and chop your watch off you Lurking in the back like a crook in the black of the bushes With the rats, with a axe, and the stacks of wood is By the garage, the Mirage tracks the shadow My weapon is large with bodies, I'm strapped for battle My soul is in the crossroads, it hides the feeling Somewhere deep inside the spirit to rise the killer I'm too distant to talk My vicious assault Is inflicted in parts to slit you and stick in your heart I got nothing to lose and nothing to gain Only way I'm dying is up in flames I'm stuck in the game Look at you busting ya thang Shots only get stuck in my frame I got you not trusting ya aim I never speak but you can hear me breathe at night With a hunger and greed for life 'til this eve was right I'm a true killer A troop risen to do business Live on a booth on a river drooped with news clippings I only come out when it's time to run out and find An innocent victim inside one house with blinds I'm Freddie Kruger, Jason, and Scream chasing a dream Looking for a scene to take to the extreme for the mean You better carry your Uzis is rare to do me Everybody's scared to view me, I'm Scary Movies [Chorus] x2 Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie? Rappers coming in with their team and carry toolies You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me We hard hitting, directing, and starring in it Yo niggas from the Wall don't bleed Dirty Dozen niggas don't bleed Royce 5-9 don't bleed Rock City niggas don't bleed Live from the dungeon, we coming Y'all best be running, we coming Y'all don't want none of this gun an' I don't know why y'all keep frontin' Yo All this room in this big house you chose the attic You running slower and slower so you froze in panic I'm wearing a white mask, black cloak and dagger You scatter hoping for life, grabbing ropes and ladders Under this robe, I'm tatted up Automatic'd up I'm mad as fuck, I'ma kill no matter what You - live in the wrong house, at the wrong time You've - answered the call so you all mine You can't put fear in the heart of the heartless Got a list of names just don't know which one to start with At your house, staking it out, posing as carpenters Looking for closets and house guns with cartridges I'm low down and stressed I go around the rest of the house looking for Granny to throw down the steps And when it's your turn - oh you know it's tragic And the music in the background is so dramatic I'm trying to lift you off your feet - hope you know gymnastics Try to - soak the mattress with rope molasses You try to - cover your head like a prophylactic Next time somebody calling your phone, don't answer it [Ring x2] Hello? Hello? [Hang up tone] Yo [Chorus] x2 Yo niggas from the Wall, don't bleed Dirty Dozen niggas don't bleed Royce 5-9 don't bleed Rock City niggas don't bleed We making names for each other like the Wayans Brothers Rock City niggas always name each other. Niggas got crews, don't even claim each other. 2000 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9 f/ Wallstreet Album: Rock City 2.0 Song: Take His Life Typed by: tha_kurios@hotmail.com What...what...yo... (Take his life) all these niggaz wana do is talk (Nigga take his life) fuck around and run into some real niggaz (Take his life) don't these niggaz know it's not a game (Nigga take his life) don't make me put this bullet in your frame (Take his life) all these niggaz wana do is talk (Nigga take his life) fuck around and run into some real niggaz (Take his life) don't these niggaz know it's not a game (Nigga take his life) don't make me put this bullet in your frame We detroit niggaz The illest breed of niggaz to breathe Detroit niggaz Kill on the street Kill an mc Kill on the beat Kill on the creep Kill in my sleep Kill with my peeps Kill a nigga Ha! kill with my heat Got them not moving their lips like ventriloquists Issue the hit empty the clip until his ten becomes six Trampoline you off your feet in the form of flips Fill him with lead got him writing his name with his dick I got niggaz like it's a walk to school worth my goods I got niggaz pumping for blood in the heart of your hood The fact remains you're better off praising our name Beef with us that'd cost about your life in change Fuck that all y'all strange niggaz to me Fuck that my niggaz'll hang niggaz for me You living or dying? nigga you know I'm gripping the iron For the drama your man is a bitch and I'm itching to try him Chorus x 2 I promise to live on the side of the tracks Where witnesses is frequently trading shoes for ? tags We want war so we coming to get it in blood And we ain't leaving without something to put in the mud Pleading for your life with more one-liners than rhyme fights Backfire on niggaz who don't handle their mind right Shine bright and we straight thug niggaz with problems Just making it known long as we got them then y'all got them Got it listen that's your brain talking to you You did what i said you'd do look what I led you to I'm above your hood so i can dead you too You living in the belly of the beast that I fed you to I know it's cold go to the light they calling for you Be a man set an example what a baller would do Him and all his crew can fall in to The wrath of the 17 shot exposure I told you! Chorus x 2 Size you up six feet couple inches Sneak attack a cat who naps with slow senses Red dot gun cocked picture me missing Aim precise steady hand and start spitting I'm hard hitting and ready to disregard living I call life hell I call bars prison You all off rhythm trying to ball wit' him Worse off, trying to brawl wit' him all fall victim Slow down guy before your brakes fall off And you crash into something that ain't that soft You ain't that raw gun in your face what's up now? Pleading to make it right you need to say goodnight Chorus to fade... Royce 5'9 ? wise guy What nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Strick Album: Build & Destroy/Black Label: Hip Hop 101 Song: It's Over Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Strick] What, Silky Don Entertainment That nigga Strick, Royce Da 5'9'' Rock-A-Block all day, what yo yo yo I'm the type to show up to the studio Write that shit, spit it, hit it, leave ya'll askin "Who dat?" I'm the next nigga to boom, I assumed ya'll already knew that Hip hop's hottest new cat, lay your crew flat Have your label faxin my label askin "Why ya'll have to do that?" It's a true fact, when you rap, the crowd boo that And more than a few cats agree you shouldn't even do rap What you recorded, screw that, buy a new DAT Your girl's a true rat, so when I fucked her I wore two hats So move back you little newjack 'Fore you fuck around and do some shit that get not only you But your whole crew whacked Too strong and I'm too black And pack not one but two gats And I'ma aim em at you black, true dat [Royce] The veteran that'll never retire Devilish, judge the red in my eye Judge the nine instead of my size Ahead of my time, the second coming of a legend in rhymes That'll shine whenever I die We never lie, you'll never get by I just got love, I used to roll wit big shot thugs to hip hop clubs You act up, the fifth got hugged and blasted Pits got dugged and filled back up wit stiffs wrapped up in plastic Give me a heater, you givin me a reason to shoot You givin me the key to your coupe Midwest, not the middle, Strick clutchin the five Wavin the tec out the window, clip touchin the tire Shit is over Shit is over, shit is over The shit is over, the shit is over Cuz ain't nobody fuckin wit us Ain't nobody fuckin wit us Shit is over, shit is over, BYE BYE  Shit is over, shit is over Cuz ain't nobody fuckin wit us Ain't nobody fuckin wit us [Strick] Aiyyo my mom's got Ahlzeimer's, my dad's an alcoholic So last night, I forgot to drive drunk and hit you Talk lots of junk and diss you Pop the trunk and split you Sick nigga, you don't really want it wit Strick, nigga Freestyle or written shit, take your pick, nigga Bring your click nigga, I'll swing a stick nigga Wit hotter rhymes, I'm outta control and you outta line I got alot of rhymes, and I'ma spit till you outta rhymes The hot shit, you better off tryin to change the topic I pop shit to let ya'll niggas know ya'll not shit Hit the curb swervin in a hot whip You a punk and I'm here And you probably the one that flunked when I got skipped Incredible rhymin and fuck wit niggas for fun Buck at niggas wit guns, you duck from niggas and run So who's the illest nigga that you know? (Who is it?) Now ask that nigga who's the illest nigga that he know I'll bet he say me, yo The only thing bigger than my dick is my ego I rip and it's over, while you stare at the chip on my shoulder Ya'll don't want none of me Not only will I have ya'll scared to bust But you won't even discuss rap in front of me The odds-on favorite to say shit Then have your crew tellin you that nigga Strick's nuttin to play wit Save it for a rainy day I'll pick the tec up, aim and spray And permanently take your pain away, what Chorus *only first 4 lines* [Royce] What what you're not in a least, above gettin shot in the street I show up at cyphers and they scatter like I'm the police Now we got a bunch of drug-connected thugs on records Stripped butt-naked runnin when they blood is tested All ya'll niggas stink, real niggas know what a bitch smell like Tell you how we tell lies, tell what he wear his hair like You can't amaze the amazing, change your ways We plant bodies, throw stones wit the names engraved The games you play, make me point this thing your way My niggas rob for consistency, a chain a day I'm about as humble as I can pretend to be A real nigga's best friend, a bitch nigga's worst enemy It don't hurt, it offends me The chrome bursts in a frenzy It's gon' work till it's empty Just makin sure that my gun shoots fastin than yours And I'm chasin you, and my bullets is chasin yours Chorus [Royce] Yeah, Big Strick, Royce Da 5'9'' Tommy Boy meets Rock-A-Block Silky Don The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build & Destroy/Black Label: Hip Hop 101 Song: I Won't Be Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Royce] What was that? "I'm bout to blow the fuck up, UHH!" "Yeah" 4x If I ain't never been beat by niggas, I won't be If I ain't never been dissed by niggas, I won't be If I ain't never been robbed by niggas, I won't be If I ain't never been killed by niggas, I won't be If I ain't never been beat by niggas, I won't be If I ain't never been dissed by niggas, I won't be If I ain't never been robbed by niggas, I won't be If I ain't keepin it real wit niggas, I won't win Defeat glory, rather it's deep stories or helluva quotes Never below, better than dope, off to the side Watchin you play games like the veteran coach If what you spit off the top's never been wrote Then why you all punchlines, you tellin a joke? I'm never right, you'll forever be the best I'll never be less than the best Physically Christ, you guessed cuz never it's like Equivalent to forever twice The exception to the word perfection I'll never be broke, if I ain't sellin you rap, I'm sellin you coke Just when you thought I couldn't get better, I spoke And sendin you back to the lab What would you equal after the math, I'm tellin results I'm bad as they come, time flys, I'm havin some fun The second I spoke, the battle is won, what Chorus *replace "won't win" w/ "won't make it"* I'll be hated, takin rap to where it's never been taken Say "never say never" but never's forever mistaken I'm hopin to change my name, get spoken in vain Niggas is broke in the game, still hopin for change You ain't feelin me, you feelin energy Instantly sent Lettin you know I'm the epitome of what the shit'll be Hater-proof resistant, say the truth Ain't nobody like mines, you try to bite mines and break a tooth We stay on the outside the chalklines Leavin you inside outlined, try to doubt mines and you can die Just think if the game had no Royce It be niggas wit fame and fans that should hate him but have no choice I'm blowin so much I'm glowin All throughout my camp is showin They all my niggas that I trust cuz I know em We movin toward the cheddar, the more the better So when you say never make sure it's forever, what Chorus *repeat first half 2x* "I'm bout to blow the fuck up, UHH!" "Yeah" *repeat to end* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Spit Game (Freestyle) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Fuck you.. yeah Strictly rough copy (yeah yeah yeah yeah) Yo, yo yo yo yo Fo'sho' nigga, I'm in this game and it's all good I've changed, I've not been the same, I came from a small hood I knew the first time I got sleepy on the job I was greedy, wait 'til you see me, I'm easy on the eyes My father told me, "Stay where the feelin is at" From hell and back, I'm feelin that, that's why I rep 7 Mile No, I don't live there nor was I raised there It's where my niggaz is at, where my niggaz is at Each word fall down from the heavens, I will reign Keep a weapon and an alias pet to my real name Probably gotta get shot to sense that I feel pain When it's beef I transform into 'Pac, like Lil' Zane I'm street valuable cause of the lead in the holster ('Nuff said!) When I post up, head on a poster In the kitchen with, bread in a toaster Do you like EPMD did to the heads when they broke up Funk Flex - droppin bombs 'til he damage his thumbs Have Clue goin ("HOOOOOO!") 'til he damage his lungs ("WEEEEE!") Each face you see on them bills is my brothers 'cept George, love you but, we don't see each other much I'm a dog, if I don't know you I don't FUCK witchu If I love you then I'm STUCK witchu - your blood is mines Got Feds everywhere like, these are the guys If, he's greater than me then he's not alive When it's war B-U-double-L-E-T's gotta fly If, he's not smellin me, he's gotta die (yeah) Both pockets pokin like a Jew Nasty and hot when I'm open like a brew Words spoken like a true You niggaz better show me a peace sign or somethin I'll murder-murder-murder-murder you like Esham or somethin A fine line between a fake and a real thing 'Bout to separate the niggaz who hate from the real game.. {*echoes*} I spit GAME nigga Yeah yeah yeah.. yo, yo FUCK THAT! Niggaz don't spit it like this no more Niggaz heard "Boom" don't wanna buy SHIT no more Now, call your label up, tell 'em don't SHIP no more Even Cali niggaz is sayin, "The shit's so hard!" Every nigga roll I fuck WITH want war Knock you out, you won't even know you HIT no floor (uhh) I spit game cause I'm always WITH game nigga Rank high from the chain to the nickname, nigga.. Fuck outta here.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem Album: Build & Destroy/Bad Meets Evil: Nuttin' to Do CD-S Song: Nuttin' to Do Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce]	What? Uhh.. [Em]	The Bad.. [Royce]	Yeah.. [Em]	The Evil.. [Royce] Right, yo [Em]	put em together Chorus: Royce Da 5'9", Eminem [Royce] Yo if it wasn't for your whip, I'd have nothin to strip [Em]	If it wasn't for a wrist, I'd have nothin to slit 	If it wasn't for the shrooms, I'd have nothin to chew [Royce] Yo.. [both]	I'm just fuckin with you, cause I got nothin to do [Eminem] I am bored!!!!! I came in the diner with skateboarders, and placed orders Ate hors d'oeuvres, and hit the waiter with plate warmers *crash sound* Let you inhale the glock smell, while I'm rippin your wallet off  and slippin a Molotov in your Cocktail (take that) Burnin your contracts, punch your A&R in the face *punch sound* Smash his glasses and turn em to contacts I'm on some shook shit, if it's missin I took it (whoops!) Nurse look at this straightjacket, it's crooked! I go to jail and murder you from a cell Put a knife in an envelope and have you stabbed in the mail (FedEx) So how do you describe someone, with a decapitated head  when the rest of his body's still alive RUNNIN? [Royce] Comin with five gunmen, waitin to do a drive-by So when you see the black 500 (what?) hide from it For every hundred MC's rhymin about birds only about two-thirds'd really set it without words Yo you ain't a thug, I can make you bitch up Pick the fifth up, cock, spit, you would swear it's rainin slugs (what?) I'm the hottest shit in the industry (uh) I got every thug on the block that get a wind of me defendin me You lack class and respect, get a direct backblast The Bad and Evil mad rap, I cover the Bad half You know how a thug in this shit'll end up Spit a round, lift your chin up, you get hit, ten down and ten up (what?) I take it if you run your mouth, then you wanna get sent up Heat it up, you be leakin blood and spittin phlegm up Now we rivals, cause of a small name or title You stepped, got devoured and left with a flower and bible Chorus: 2X [Eminem] *yawns* Forget a chorus -- my metaphors are so complicated  it takes six minutes to get applause (yay) And by the time you all catch on, I'ma end your career  and walk away with the whole floor so you have nothin to fall back on! I'll throw you off of ten floors .. *AHHHHHHH* Pull a fuckin headache outta my head, and put it in yours (take this) I'm indoors, waitin for this acid to seep in my skin pores to go outdoors and do some in-stores This bitch wanted to blow me, I said, "It oughta happen. You swallow cum bitch?" "No, but I brought a napkin" Gettin skullie while I'm autographin Got my daughter laughin cause I sent her mother whitewater raftin I'm not a fact, I'ma proven fear Mr. Rogers blocked up my U-haul screamin,  "Wait, wait, wait.. you ain't movin here!" Lorena Bobbitt, c'mere, want a souveneir? I've been high as fuck, since I was a juvi-neer Juvenile? Same difference -- I need some 'caine  cause I ain't sniffed since I woke up the seven slain infants (Oh my God!) Brain implants and they say there's a slim chance I won't stay the same cause I traded brains with a chimpanz' [Royce] Walkin in swamp water with an M-16, out for the blood Shove a gun in the mouth of a thug To break braces, you say grace and make faces I'll display hate and break you in eight places (what?) Take paces, turn around draw in a standoff Precise aim, icin my fame, blowin your hand off Dancin with the Devil leadin - I won't die, I'm never leavin (what?) I pledge allegiance to forever breathin Street niggaz with nuts, what? My meat's bigger (what?) Fake-ass thugs with toy guns and cheap triggers with a deathwish, thinkin I'm the nigga to mess with Let the tech lift, direct chest hit, melt your necklace For instance, you just a henchmen, on tough soil (what?) A follower never had heart, he just loyal Thugs is glass doors, I see through em, put the heat to em Be careful you might get what you ask for Chorus 2X [Em]	The Bad.. the Evil.. 	The Bad.. the Evil.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Checkmate, Concise, DJ Revolution Album: Build and Destroy Song: R.A.W. Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: scratches by DJ Revolution] {"Raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"Give it to ya  raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"Give it to ya - raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"Give it to ya - raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"Give it to ya - raw!"} {"Gon' give it to ya.."} [Checkmate] Raw.. love and war. I'ma give it to ya.. let's go.. Raw, imperial cats is wieldin instrumental war Rap tactical macks perform unspeakable acts And hope on vengeance, exposin your pretenders to the laws and battle nature performance under the gun And we move, with maximum efficiency to your redundant And shake, we dominate 'em on old fashion, break 'em with a power like glass jaws, fresh we outta grammar inflict force We grapple your mental with word tentacles sick Manipulate your heart rate through brain chemicles slick I slide through like lubrication on a Latex Fuckin your thought process hard like date-rape sex Smokin cigarettes slow and once your cherry glow red Cause I'ma see the satisfaction in the end My caliber big time designed to be fatal And crush a nigga windpipes slow with my cables They feel this soloist soon, this cat controllin the womb I'm movin cracks like they body consume Certified but my ability's skill, license to kill And carry the heavy weaponry, ill like pentetiaries RAW! {*echoes*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo.. it's several different levels to pickin up shovels and dumpin you in ditches under sea level, frontin you can witness Let me refreshin you niggaz tell you my position in this Beef! Leavin you under Venice, opposition finished! Here it is, we invaded created a Pyramid of a Haven of names, so blame Dre and that ear of his So {*heavy breathing*} breathe, I'd rather REACH for your neck And I never HEAT you for respect, unless you GREET me wit less I got a skunk, in my trunk I'm lyin, I got a pump in my trunk You dyin, how many lumps niggaz want? Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw I stand firm, and it hurts to live it You open up that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit it Defenders of the fame fast, Concise is a Checkmate The endin of your life, so prepare for your rest date, c'mon {"Raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"RAW, RAW!"} {"I'ma give it to ya  raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"RAW! I'ma give it to ya - raw!"} {"R.A.W."} {"RAW! I'ma g-give it to ya - raw!"} {"R.A.W."} [Concise] Let's go. It's war games and I'm a dominator by nature Battle machines, chamoflouge greens on your radar They starvin the artists, bullshit, charge it Discharge on a target, dearly departed Raw and uncut, uncooked I'm pure Price to sell tour, rap sell out stores Somethin to live for, double my street value Clear-cut your colony, and balance the economy I speak in testaments, unleashin pestilence Light speed, supreme being the Fifth Element High grade, the most potent, West coast wasps rollin And build a empire like the Romans Down by law, raw like a (?) When I took the bottle to the center of your glass jaw Defendin number 7, ball ready and write Most steady on mic, raw like Israel light Young Lord of the Sound Table, niggaz of the +Knight+ The ruler rough rhyme better known as Concise We certified original, roll heat You niggaz is beginners in this rap race runnin with cold feet like. [Chorus]  w/ variations and scratches till fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Hush Album: Build and Destroy Song: Knuckle Up Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Hush] + (Royce) What? (Knuckle up) Yeah.. (Whatchu say?) Hush (Uhh uhh, Royce Nickel-Nine) Yeah, we represent Detroit Rock City (And we'll FUCK you up!) Yo, yo, yo! [Hush] You're fuckin with a straight-up menace That'll run inside your apartment complex and start sprayin tenants I stick bastards for a wealthy scheme Punch through your chest and snatchin out your self-esteem Stabbin your spleen, precise like a javelin team Grabbin the green, quicker than a crack and a fiend Quick draw, faster than it takes you to blink I spit thoughts, faster than it takes you to think You catchin a sink, drownin in whatever you drink I'm huntin you down, bustin at your leather or mink I'm meltin your ice, I'm heated in your average rink Lockin it down, and rockin like I'm trapped in the clink Slappin a freak, trappin every rat or a fink Fast with the ink, blast you out your hat or your link Shatter your teeth, every time you chatter or breathe Unravel your cream, Detroit it's ether that or the bing Hush, I get madder and mean Matter of fact, all of y'all get splattered in three  pieces Just your body and arms in shirts sleeveless Beggin for Jesus, before your heart collapses and seizes Who needs this, crush the fine line I'll be on the phone callin my boys and 5'9" Detroit city cats that are born with nine lives And I use that are yours, you better shoot me nine times! [Chorus 2X: Hush] + (Royce) Knuckle up! If you see us cop a plea and duck Knuckle up! (When you see us in the streets in a truck) Knuckle up! If you see us droppin B's in a buck Knuckle up! (When you see us in the D, nigga what!) [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh uhh.. yo yo, yo I done took more bitches off more niggaz hands And, more niggaz ran from po-po's in a van Stick to my word so I don't threaten niggaz no more If I make you a promise then it's safe to say that it's honest My guns, tired from being fired, while yours sit on the shelf I'm like a sole concept in itself Chokin my weapon, burnin your vest In 2G, rap niggaz learn from the best and hope to be set Knuckle up  I don't depend on my toast to spark Wrap my fingers around your neck and let the chokin start I'ma be on top pissin 'til I soak the charts You don't like me but I'm still here like Rosa Parks A flow is a flow, so  lo and behold the art I listen to you and go, "ehh," on your dopest part I don't do these open mics, I tear shows apart Whodie I'm a +Hot Boy+, you get roasted dark First nigga to hit the flow is smart Last nigga that hit the flow you 'bout to see him and his folks depart Bling bling  chain glow in the dark More flooded with mo' ice, cold-blooded with a frozen heart He's not street smart, he only knows the park But we can share this rap pie long as he knows his part If you was even close to smart, you know I roll with sharks and dogs that bite and only supposed to bark [Chorus]  2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Eminem, Method Man, Royce the 5-9 Album: The Professional 2 Song: What the Beat Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [DJ Clue] Ha haaaaa... *echoes* [Method Man] Now...now...now...unnhhh.. Professional 2 shit...WHAT! Staten Island up in this muthafucka... Mr. Meth rep rep rep rep rep rep... For the cause Wu-Tang Killa Beez forever my niggaz Yeah...we put our draws in it...CLUE! *echoes* [DJ Clue] *talking over above Method Man verse* New Method Man! Eminem... Royce... CLUE! *echoes* [Method Man] Niggaz is like "Oh my God not you!" Yes I'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest No contest, M.E.-Eth Man's obsessed With sex, drugs and rock & roll New tecs and calicos! Word has it we move mathematic on rappers Who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up 8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man Method Straight guerilla iller nigga kill a murder record My verbal shooter does it to ya The 16-bar Ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers But I'm not ya Super Lover Cee, I'm the Super Sperm Splash it on your skin rub it in like it's Lubriderm 10 out of 10 I'll be the... Men of all men I mean the... Creme de la creme a schemer... Sippin' on 'Gnac and Zima... True professional 2... (DJ CLUE!) Now that Bush is president nigga we all through [DJ Clue] Wooooooooooord! [Eminem] It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder Why I keep on duckin' under the bed when I hear thunder Cuz I ain't crazy, I say shit that's crazy to crazy people To make 'em believe I'm crazy so they can relate to me And maybe believe in Shady so they can be evil baby I like that! I'm only as crazy as people made me Believe me, there'll be just as many muthafuckin' murderers And heroin users without Marlilyn's music But I figure I make my music I don't care if you use it To murder somebody, I just wanna be there when you do it! Now the parents are suein' cuz little Darren is screwin' Karen and Susan cause I told him to do it on Clue's new shit Now it's all ruined, the whole world is fucked up Cuz of me? Two 12-year old girls is knocked up My attitude's 'fuck it' like Pac's was at one point Wanna come join? Pick up a glock and just point Now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody And I'm just laughin' like it's funny Cause I don't really give a shit about no-muthafuckin'-body I'm so muthafuckin' nutty I don't give a fuck about nuttin'! [Royce] My wrist is...water and freeze And mix this is...audio Jesus the repent shit gets big Keep it sharp like knife in a pop device So "Duro you gotta let it bump!", I came from a hard knock life They say this kid be rude like this can't be true  I suck my own dick like if I had a rib removed Vampire, sun go down I'm still wylin' Bullets travel through the air in the night like Phil Collins Rock City baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke Rise from the underground like sewer smoke It's all shifty, I got all-a my dogs wit' me And they all rich, and still all-a they palms itchy We'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge Walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words Clue *inhale*...Duro *inhale*...Slim *inhale*...Meth *inhale*... Five *inhale*...Nine *inhale*...Hold up *inhale*...breath [Method Man] It's just...Mr. Meth and DJ Clue I ain't crazy, I just do what the beats say do [Eminem] It's just...Slim Shady and DJ Clue I ain't evil, I just do what the beats say do [Royce] Unnh..Royce 5-9 and DJ Clue I ain't bad, I just do what the beats say do..unnh... *kiss noise* [DJ Clue] DJ Clue! Desert Storm! Come oooooooon maaaaaaaan! *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Stretch Armstrong Freestyles Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Stretch Stretch.. (Whassup sup?) I'm tryin to figure out a way to start this rhyme off (Mmm) You ain't got no ideas? (Nah) Aight, I'll start it like this (Aight) Check it, yo {*P. Diddy's "Bad Boy for Life" beat plays*} FUCK, you! (haha) I'm all nuts, no glory You're walkin now but nigga what's the story? You better, duck when I go BOOM, cause suckers bore me and yeah, I probably hate Tommy Boy as much as Nore do Who the best? Eminem, Jigga or Nas? Cause when it comes lottery time, that spot'll be mines You takin the throne is under the bridge And yeah, you might be +Ready to Die+ but none of you +Big+ So, you've been dared to listen 'til the fiercest rhythm'll spit air condition glitter and wrist cool FUCK doom, I don't age Cut "Boom" up loud and see a mushroom cloud on stage {*explosion*} Do the math, four knuckles'll give you six months and, you niggaz is so pussy you make my dick jump (haha) I don't wish to be king, I'll pass the throne Whatever shines too bright shines half as long I don't kiss hoes, I only put my lips on a cup Pee-wee niggaz, go somewhere and piss on your nuts (haha) God gave me this life, and if he decides to envy and give me I'm takin the flow of the century with me Oh, so if you feel insane, and want a war Reality check, you not ready, your soldiers is still in trainin A bunch of hundreds that'll read the menu We run tabs with receipts sayin "To be continued.." And  bully niggaz this is your day Meet me at the flagpole so you can hit me in my fists with your face And snitch niggaz is common as E-Bay wear Uhh, give the cops more +Alerts+ than DJ Red I got the blood of a dead soldier, on my palms and the scent of yo' bitch lingerin on my fingertips And you niggaz is deep, I got a deep barrel that'll blaze So FUCK deep, the deep shall lay in a shallow grave For you deep niggaz. {*beat switches to Lord Tariq & Peter Gunz' "What's That Sound?"*} Uhh.. {Stretch Armstrong is now in your world..} Yo, I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof Hand him a pint of Limon and turn him loose! I'm tired of you new jacks I'm tired of niggaz sayin they bout to blow 'Less you a bitch, I don't care if you bout do that Move back, youngster, the glock gon' speak Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco meat! The street, continuous to pit, too quick to smash ya or flash the clip, or give you the picture develop The click clock, six shots blows through another door And it gets hot, this Hip-Hop Quotable tug of war Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work? That shit was {*phwrt!*}, I got harder 2-Way alerts You get toe-up and re-torn; by the walkin bomb that I blow up and re-form, grow up then re-born Told you I'm a star that's gon' live forever Servin life sentence and get out and go to the bar So nigga take BLLAT! I gotta go to the car BLLAT, oh BLLAT! I gotta throw it in 'park' The iron'll wet ya - the Mausberg pump with the buckshots shells'll turn a nigga into Chinese Checkers I don't even start writin 'til I'm on my third 5th That's what you get, when Beatminers meet the Wordsmiths Uhh, every time I go out, I cop somethin new Every time I throw this right hand I knock somethin loose Who the fuck think they can see me? Might as well call the wife and tell her you're not comin home and to take it easy My guns don't shoot, they WOOF! At them sissy-ass niggaz type to accidentally shoot they foot Desert Eagle too big for you bitch-ass niggaz Soft-ass palms, can't take the kickback niggaz And you wonder why they suckin my dick Or why I keep a suitcase with a hundred grand handcuffed to my wrist Or why the watch could possibly make you lose your sight blinkin on the wrist, lookin like halogen hazard lights blinkin Royce 5-9 in this bitch About to sprinkle gunfire on any snitch Now who the fuck want it, bitches? Yeah, uhh, uhh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: I'm the King Typed by: deephunk@aol.com What....wha... 5'9! I'm the King! What...yeah...what, yo... [CHORUS] I'm-a rhyme til I can't rhyme no more Burn til I can't burn no more Shine til there's no shine no more Til the earth can't turn no more Until I'm 5'9 no nore (I'm the king!) (2x) Ya'll niggaz is real cocky on the street Til I drop you on ya knees Knock you on ya feet, I'm like Rocky on the reach I rain while you hope to sustain dope in this game Somethin' you can't stop, you can only hope to contain I can aim so I blaze my tool I got a name from usin' pocket change to pay my dues (niggaz know!) I'm sharp as a shank and about as soft as you think I'm hangin from the cross of your link, you get offered a drink Niggaz is fast learners, you're only as hot as the back burner From mad rappers and clap burners Talk to the foot thinkin' you real I'm starin' at the face of ya bill forgettin' how George Washington looks You came to box a nigga that's flat out dirty Just name the spot and I'll be there a half hour early I write for the purpose to express a view A nigga that's wack? You a nigga that I don't like as a person CHORUS 2x I'm in shape to give you a quick whoopin', hard asshole in the wall Frownin' up, niggaz thinkin' you sick cuz you sick lookin' I'm heated, an' I'm-a go to trial blowin' my triggers Ya'll niggaz ain't rough, you need to smile more in ya pictures Split somebody, and serve the nigga whose style you bit That bit like 10 niggaz that bit somebody Top of the world, all that's around you is beneath me Me learnin' from your mistakes is the only way you can teach me Mo' thunder, cockin' big heat So undergrounds niggaz wit' beef can get mo' under, 6 feet Man ya missles, I plan to dis you Unleash wit' about 30 punches before the first lands and hits you Niggaz I doubt ya'll cuz I'm an outlaw Right-handed, built wit' a left that can arm wrestle a southpaw Gun shine bright, (ya'll niggaz?) ya'll need to rhyme like 5'9 Unsigned wit' hype... (King!) CHORUS 2x (scratches) I'm the kiiiiiiiing....on the microphone I'm the kiiiiiiiing....no, no I ain't jokin' I'm the kiiiiiiiing....that's in command, that's in command I'm the kiiiiiiiing....on the microphone I'm the kiiiiiiiing....the funk rhymin' master I'm the kiiiiiiiing....that's in command, that's in command I'm the kiiiiiiiing.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Let's Grow Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Real niggaz only.. hah.. First of all, what's my name? Five-Nine! Yeah.. I got somethin for you I got somethin for you, yeah They call me Royce 5-9 or, Mr. Always-Ice-Cold-Wrist-ed Or Mr. None-Of-Your-Business Mr. Consistant-In-Conflict, for so dope lyrics (harvest) The hardest hittin nigga in show bid'ness Came in this game with a pissy-ass attitude Arrogant like, "Shut up!" Laughin that you a trick I wasn't happy before, but I'm happy today I'm rappin today, lookin to get a plaque in my day So I met this white boy one night who turned out to be the illest human being I ever heard in my life He took me under his wing, and showed me some things and molded me into a pro until the flow was mean Taught me not to do it like this, but to do it like that Threw me all types of love and I threw it right back Though we don't talk as much, we never let the game consume us cause we too real, my nigga Slim, let's grow [Chorus: repeat 2X] Let us grow up, now we got here We can't stop here, we too far All my niggaz, y'all my niggaz and you all know who you are (let's grow) [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, Royce 5-9 or, twelve men in one About as explosive as them shells in your gun Mr. Quick-To-Pull-A-Thing-On-You just for your loot Mr. Mr. Mr. Quick-To-Swing-On-You before he shoot I'm the finest tuned rappin machine rappin a scene since, way back when there was only rappin in Queens Suck my BALLS if you competin with me homeboy I don't dream, I'm the type to just be homeboy Sucka free is like a religion I honor and serve And more common in words, a song witchu, what's in it? Y'all niggaz is all punks and your jewels is rented And your diamonds is all dark, like they blue but tinted I would never kill none of y'all, I ain't that fool But I will stomp the shit out you, I ain't that cool You ain't even gotta greet me when you see, matter of fact You better give me five feet when you see me, where you at? Let's grow [Royce] Royce 5-9 or, one sick nigga Bitches know that with me that the cum gets quicker Mr., Always-Got-Some-Cris'-Or-A-Pistol Rather diss you than chill witchu and will hitchu The insanest monster that came and conquered a game that remains to be full of trained imposters I will not let you niggaz talk to me (nope) no way This is not what I'm here for, give me my money (uh) Faggots only attract faggots, and that's that You rap rat, you fuckin roaches and black maggots Feelin my heat; I talk shit from the moment I wake up Turn right around and talk shit in my sleep - let's grow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Tony Touch Freestyle Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm runnin up on you, whether you packin or not Whether I'm packin or not, wit the intent to flatten your knot Shinin like ten diamonds, I been rhymin I write shit the pen guides it, spittin harder then ten hydrants Firin on who tryna take mine, this nigga here Send you around, let it spin you around on the ground waist high I'm too authentic, I'll end it soon as you walk in it Who wanna holla, you get swallowed in a New York minute And if ya record is Gold, then stay on ya goals If ya Platinum listenin to me, stay on ya toes Yo they done it now, I'm over the edge, these niggas wanna stay underground (Why) that's why the money's over thier heads In doubt I be rowdy, I'm possibly the hottest since the Rakim odessey Got niggas saying "How does he do it" Ayo I gotta be, cause ain't a nigga hotter than me Go head lie to me, say you know somebody, and I demolish him Dead up, I got rhymes to make you shut up Havin you doubtin yourself, as to why you even have your head up I shit on, ever contender I pick on Cause whenever it's on, I'm comin wit different levels to flip on Dope - whether you like it or not Give off somke in a cypherin spot, cause I'm liquid nitrogen hot You ain't did nothing I ain't done, if you ever said something dope I ain't said yet, it's prolly on the tip of my tongue I've had it wit y'all, tryna bring static and brawl Either I'ma kill you, or you ain't make me made at all Phony-fuck cliques could suck dick, you know only Royce 5'9" Spit only rough shit, when it comes to the Tony Touch shit It's over consider this laced, I'll probably be the first nigga To get a hip-hop quotable on a mixtape What, yo Royce 5'9", Detroit shine time, Bad and Evil comin soon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ La Femme Nakita, Pharrell, Kelis Album: Build and Destroy Song: Make This Run Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus x2 - Pharrell] + (Kelis) If you love my niggaz I'm saying but, if you only love my niggaz We can make this run, for my niggaz And if you die, hope you'll fly high (Don't worry baby, I'll make this money for you) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Make me an offer I can't refuse, pistol is wild Pretty face, no mask, undeniably fit for the job Bitch wit a heart, ready to thump, money is king Wit my lap on the throne strokin' a cat, runnin' a scheme [Pharrell] My niggaz get high off the reefer, and quick to heat ya If ya feel ya cold-blooded, I got something to heat ya It's called a hollow tip, dum, dum, follow clip and numb some If you don't know the language, then don't speak the gun dun [La Femme Nakita] Eyes like black chips of glass, little wit an unholy light Ya chances of survival, like a roll of these dice Execution style, ski-mask, no smile Throw the ace, in the hidden safe, up under the towel [Royce Da 5'9"] + (La Femme Nakita) We definitely blow, stick wit me, know ya limitations Speak when spoke up, stay away from the rest of these hoes You ready to kill (No doubt) these niggaz is jerks Broke niggaz wit cheap guns, and triggers that work [Pharrell] If ya pops share my, cli-ker, carry street sweepers And hit ya more times than the worthless bitch, on ya beeper Revenge is that bitch, and she won't come lesser than So if ya hit me, God'll get me and give me breath again, bitch, get it right [Chorus x2] w/ (Pharrel ad-libs) [Verse 2 - Pharrell] Niggaz wanna see me lying hurt, wanna stain my Hawaiian shirt 'Cause I put it out, they supplying dirt Two German Black bitches, begging y'all to try and flirt Rude and twins, and all they rock is iron skirts [La Femme Nakita] My bitches got mo's of alley cats, armed wit steel bats And mo's is stealing stacks, double back, and tally that When shit go down, don't expect me to run Never forget dun, two guns, is better than one [Royce Da 5'9"] This money is golden, low and behold, blowing holes Through what I'm standing in front of you holding, niggaz know Trench coats in Detroit summers, you gotta mean nigga Wit long guns, you gon' run nigga, run [Pharrell] If I die nigga, slit my back so my wings can come out And fly nigga, sky high nigga, age is my gun If I keep fuckin' her, I might die wit her If you shoot me and my wings come out, then that's a fly stitcher [Royce Da 5'9"] Stay on ya toes, I got diamonds to watch, frukit niggaz I took it ol' school, got the 5-9 in the box Dog, let me catch a nigga eyeing my watch What I'm firing's hot, just aim, and rely on the dot [Chorus x2] [Verse 3 - Pharrell] Fifty karat link-link, mad 'cause ya lead kink Me and my bitch is frozen, regardless to her pink mink Freeze ya eyeballs, you don't want a part of that Cardiovascular, VVS heart attack [La Femme Nakita] Would you blast for me, put up the cash for me Out in the world dodging bullets, become a casualty For ten bricks shit, twenty-four furs, and ten whips I flip and sends shit, through bitches appen-dix [Pharrell] For my beach fifty grand, I'm laughing at that advance I spent that at Dolce, on shirts, shades, and leather pants Million dollar deals, Lord I'm scared my life's changing Cupid's cousin, money keeping shooting, wit nice aimin' [La Femme Nakita] It's no sane, this drug game, flourished, niggaz transform And hide into courage, but they blows be malnourished Let's see who get the furbus, bag annoys ass nigga Extra, like you surplus [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Royce + Pharrell + La Femme Nakita) Huh, I come dirt, anyone under one-thirty, ya slapped Ain't even gun worthy, fuck yo niggaz I'm the king of this shit, thuggin, let's get these moneys And make niggaz dearly beloved (I love my niggaz) [Chorus x6] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Tre' Little, Pharrell, Kelis Album: Build and Destroy Song: Feels Good Typed By: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Royce] + (Pharrell) Feel good don't it (Neptunes) Royce 5'9" baby (Royce da 5'9'!) My nigga Tre' Little (Yeah, where you at) What, what, my girl she's putting it down baby [Verse 1 - Royce da 5'9"] + (Girl) + (Pharrell *Ad-libs*) It's looking like, it's another summertime, everybody wanna rhyme Long day, short night, ain't nobody done in time I know what you wanna find (Ladies) with a underline Knock ya self out playa, long as it ain't none of mine (Ladies) I know what you want, fellas wit they whips out Don't walk, don't get caught, jealous, wit ya dick out No wonder you in the fog, trying see who come through You only got a mont' or two, to do what you wanna do (Ladies) wear tight shit, I'm tellin' y'all I like this I got about thirty thugs, to get in the hype wit Backyard barbeques, (Ladies) looking eighteen Too cute to eat meat, plate full of baked beans Fellas, we the opposite, gotta give me lots of it Suck the chicken bone, from the bottom to the top of it We don't want the day to end, knowin' we gon' play again And again, and again, and again (Come on, come on, yeah) [Chorus - Kelis] + (*Ad-libs* in background) Doesn't it feel good, to see us make money Feel good, like everything sunny Feel good, to see us taking off Doesn't it feel good to see us war If they can take it from us at all And if you breathing (we transform?) Say la-da-de-da-la-de-da-de-da-de-daa [Verse 2 - Tre' Little] Slow down y'all relax, enjoy this life Paper stacks, where they at, come on, enjoy this life I know it's hard when you ballin' from, obstacles Police, women, haters, it's like impossible I came along way dog, this shit is hard to ball Gettin' here for my life, this for all of y'all Back to the block, and everything good in the hood Drop ya top, I'm saying, this one's for the hood Put yo guns in yo stash, you don't need 'em today Put the ice grills up, you don't need 'em today All you need is icey rims, the games we play Attract women, it feels good, just the games we play They love it dog, thugs still havin' fun y'all Too hot, summertime, why you tryna brawl Feels good dog, roll 'til the wheels fall off Hot Detroit, I'm pretty sure it's hot by y'all [Chorus - Kelis] + (*Ad-libs* in background) [Bridge - Kelis] + (Tre') + (Pharrell) In style, (Without a doubt) (Yo, 5'9") In style, (Without a doubt) (Yeah, come on) In style, (Without a doubt) (Ha, ha, ha, yo, yeah) In style, (Without a doubt) (Neptunes, 5'9") (La-da-de-da-la-de-da-de-da-de-daa) [Verse 3 - Royce da 5'9"] + (*Ad-libs* in background) I say my crew won't stop, we won't stop Piece stay on the lot, thing don't drop We shake it in the park, right in front of the Rover We gon' do it everyday, 'til the summer is over Yeah not my type, winter or fall It's the summertime, so I'ma give you a call So tell all ya friends let's do it again And again, and again, and again [Chorus x2 - Kelis] + (*Ad-libs* in background) [Bridge - Tre' Little] + (Pharrell) ... Without a doubt (Nine, elevens) ... Without a doubt (Yo, the hottest it ever get, huh) ... Without a doubt (Can't stop, ice cubes on our wrists) ... Without a doubt (Huh, yeah, come on) La-da-de-da-la-de-da-de-da-de-daa [Royce + Pharrell + Tre' *Ad-lib* until fade] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rock City V2.0 Song: King of Kings Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Lemme school you.. [Chorus: sung] - in background I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I.. [talking over chorus] Yo, to all my hungry disciples Listen (let's talk) sit still, sit still. Sit still (blackout) listen, the hungriest. Kings, kings, kings, sit still (the hungriest) Listen, lemme school you for a minute. Blackout, blackout (blackout).. [Verse One: Royce] An angel from the lost, spite headband, marked dead man Innermost thoughts locked, dangling from a cross (what) The hotter the heart, the harder - wrapped up Crucified with my chest up, felt forsaken by the Father Wounded rebel (oooh) in Jerusalem Gettin picked on, and whipped by the goons of the Devil Black man, 5 foot 9, see the dawn when he stares out With wool hair and feet of bronze Birdstick, a black staff with brown handle Backtrack; my first kicks, brown sandals In the breeze of the surgeon, surrounded by merchants I'mmaculate birth, conceived by a virgin Do a lot in the lyric, due to the true and not living Pure as the white driven human inside of a spirit Or the Cathedral, that's only a quarter illegal Slaughter the people, all for the forces of evil Exterior armor, transparent, non-vivid The last grand wizard slash serial bomber Here it is; I'm Heaven sent, livin in Hell All-seeing eye, in hand of the pyramids and keep watchin Out for the death while the beats knockin Plot by the Devil in a blue dress and chief stockings Spiritual last, equipped with physical mass Able to think quick and bring miracles to pass The lost wonder of dark days to breathe light in Christ titan, cough thunder and sneeze lightning Control the thoughts, procore, feed the gators Sole mediator of code in the Holy War, in front of the mobs And a storm comin in March Locked in the physical form of the son of the God [Chorus: sung] w/ adlibs I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I.. [Verse Two: Royce] The true and living son of the son, thorough Tongue swore of war, speak and slash son of a gun When the rumors started I departed - I don't know some old shit about me being placed in a tomb in the Garden Listen here you lost, I was tortured and died for the cause And got caught, disappeared from the cross First into a lesson and learned of my return to the Earth in the form of a perfect human specimen The written jeweler, driven from the face of a leader Slave of the people, in the form of a hidden ruler Satan's descendents, put a break in what they intended The hatred is ended - sway the other way of the sentence Bells'll go and tell, defendants'll go to jail Hot coal on ya trail, sinners'll go to Hell I got a soul for sale, well; Let's start the bidding at a tragic death Who knows what's finna happen next? Cousin of death, with predictions that I can promise Gave it to Nostradamus and now he touchin the rest The heart caller, balancing birds on my finger Nerves of a cheetah, birthed with the urge to walk water Foul searchin, bi-weekly, all-purpose Talk verses in dashikis and fly turbans Enter the scheme of things, all love All thugs get judged by me, the king of the kings.. [Chorus: sung] w/ adlibs ...don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. I wake up... and I don't know where I am.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: All I Wanna Do Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro] What wh-wh-what what what, nigga {7X} Yo.. c'mon with it nigga This for my nigga right here, strictly for my niggaz What, turn it up, turn the.. turn the level up [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] All we wanna do is make money That's all that we wanna do Long as y'all niggaz don't fuck with us then my crew don't fuck with you (feel me, nigga bounce) All we wanna do is make money That's all that we wanna do Y'all niggaz, if you think about fuckin with us then my crew gon' fuck with you [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo, yo, yo.. how many niggaz wanna be on the receivin end of a bullet; thugs, keepin it real Stay heated with steel, I can see dude that you killed And watch me flee to Brazil You don't wanna make nothin of this Naw, I ain't nothin to this, ain't nothin to spit Fuckin with me gets you nothin but hit Openin up clutchin the fifth, somethin just niggaz must admit 5'9" nigga with game, knowin all enemy names Sendin ten at the same shots through ten in your Range into your brain, hearing at the end of your reign Uhh, ain't shit sweet All y'all niggaz gon' know when I finish that I can get when I put my mind to it And all y'all niggaz gon' know when I finish that I can get when I put my nine to it I'm here to get the goods in mass amounts Give it back to the hood, pass it out Get a brand new house, cash it out Got a problem with it nigga? We can blast it out You hate this, runnin through holes like shoelaces Here to make a statement Even if it means puttin you under the pavement Drop while I'm foamin at the mouth for dough, money I taste it Everybody gotta have a heart as core And it seems that it's always yours But it never drip-drops in a storm When it rains it'll always pour (what?) Y'all niggaz know the deally wit me All y'all niggaz sound silly to me And I gotta believe, if you ain't feelin me That you gotta be harder to please to feel it to me Feel this, nigga bounce [Chorus]  2X w/ ad libs [Royce Da 5'9"] What, what? We tryna take over the world Any nigga with ears that can hear or comprehend Ain't one nigga livin I'm scared of All my niggaz'll be jumpin in And for any nigga thinkin that he out of his shit Snatched out of his whip Fed to the dogs, get an ultimatum or pick As to what he wanna get hit by  the rott or the pitt Up in the 'burbs, chillin with nothin but birds We cash checks on the third And when I say that I'm out for the green You know a nigga mean every aspect of the word (Yeah) Walk the street It's a nigga that stalk you, chatterin your teeth Runnin your mouth until I pull out with the heat Tellin you that talk is cheap And it'll cost you true King of the king Nigga with more beef than a war chief you can't defeat nor beat Smile at the sight of a thug, then I go right for the blood This nigga thought he was cold so I hit him with more heat (Blaow!) Niggaz don't even deserve to breathe How the fuck is you servin me? I'm the nigga with the pump ready to dump all nine shots until your body turn burgundy  want war nigga? You don't wanna fuck with this, what's all of this You might as well un-ball your fist You think the real niggaz fight with fists? Let me be the first to tell you that it's all a myth I ain't playin with y'all niggaz, it ain't a game Real niggaz recognize the real So when I aim, I aim to hit And I came to spit shit you feel Feel this (feel me) [Chorus]  2X w/ ad libs [Outro] What wh-wh-what what what, nigga {15X} What, nigga, what, nigga What wh-wh-what what what, nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ D-Elite Album: Build & Destroy: The Lost Sessions Song: In the Presence of Wolves Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo Tre', you gon' spot me or what? Let the games begin Jah 5'9", where you at? Round one (CHI-CHI GOT THE LLELLO!) Yeah, real niggaz on the prowl, HOO! You's in the presence of wolves, let go your goods I smell your blood in my neck of the woods Fuck around with us and get found on your neck in the woods Give him respect in his hood, don't mess with his crew Niggaz be, salty as pretzels when I'm in the Lex' and it's movin Invadin and steppin in my shoes is a definite intrusion I'm exceptionally cool, never expect to be under pressure or rescued, definitely only sweat in the BOOTH I'm officially fuckin you up with, nuttin but wit A blizzard is frozen, hidden under the clothin Listen, you lyrical nothin you, you touchin who? When it was wrote, you spit it, you thought you ripped it you loved it It's like, the sun is above us when the wrist is uncovered Like, all you gon' spit is blood or kick is the bucket Like  99 percent of you niggaz that rhyme SUCK! This is, the point of no return, I'm stuck [Tre' Little] Yo, yo you fuck-head niggaz ain't makin gangsta music I make music for gangstas, it's therapeudic You wild out to it, let the guns go too Spittin out, skeet out, smoke a blunt to it (ERRR!) Fake niggaz don't dare, it's too real Have you doin drive-bys on my command, NOW KILL! (UHH!) Go on, sniff the chi-chi, rock along with me It goes - guns, murder murder live in Rock City You knowwww - don't let you get beside yourself It's just a, terrible thing to just lose your health Look wrong, don't speak, just lose your wealth That's the truth baby boy - shhh, quiet as kept They games we play, official titty bars and rims Blowin money on pussy, you can probably steal Drink so much alcohol, shit, liver like steel That's they way that I am; light, slim but still [Cut Throat] I feel the heat around the corner but I can't see smoke Feel it comin in the night, no lights no coats They say it's cold out here, I know how that feel No help when you down, well reality ill See the life and the lights on connected with crime Wanna bang out these rhymes but can't say street times What you about the struggle of what Cut go through? When niggaz tryin to grind, what won't they do? It's do or die baby, y'all all alone No hoes, just your soul, and a heart this cold Gotta, stay away; don't let your, spirit break More, moves to make might not, be your fate Get Cut Throat on these pussies, that's the ride I took Last gangsta left standin in a room full of crooks If it's poppin come the fuck on, let's handle this now My soliders stratigize, that's how we get down [Billy Nix] Look at my life, I'm dead, gunshots over my head I - sleep on the streets, gunshots over my bed Carryin unnecessary weight, envy and hate X-Government Agent, enemy of the state Death, covers the pavement, tecs under your waist Limited aim, unlimited range, niggaz erase Slow down, you gettin on now, your name is mentioned In and outta the game, fame done stained your vision As light shines you niggaz just write rhymes Confined in light time combined with mental dead bitches The black man just tryin to get ahead witchu Open your eyes 'fore some dumb nigga with lead hits you (uhh) I speak peace cause peace is relevant Continuous struggle for betterment, war with inner self Fightin with the inner beast, wantin whores and cuties that shows around the globe during my time of duty Devils can't kill me, niggaz can't stop me Listen and learn, witness the return of the mock D Death is a funny thing - you can die, bein broke or you can die from the drama that gettin money bring [Royce Da 5'9"] AH-ROO! Mic's up, lights out Real niggaz on the prowl Still drink if it ain't mines (Real niggaz) Throw up drinks like gang signs Mic's up, lights out Yeah, r-real niggaz on the prowl Still drink if it ain't mines (Real niggaz) Throw up drinks like gang signs Yeah, X-Gov, Tre' Little Cha Cha, B.O., 5'9", yeah Yo, CHI-CHI GOT THE LLELLO! {*echoes*} Yeah yeah, Wall Street, yeah yeah yeah Yo, yo, real niggaz throw up drinks like gang signs AH-ROO! Yeah yeah yeah yeah Drink if it ain't mines Real niggaz throw up drinks like gang signs Mic's up, lights out Yeah, AH-ROO! (CHI-CHI GOT THE LLELLO!) AH-ROO! {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy (Destroy Album) Song: Death Day Typed by: beefpatteez@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist {*to the IN DA CLUB beat*} Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go This is an exclusive, it's your death day We gonna party like it's your death day Now we bringin' the boys again the boy should win The stroy is told over and over again What the fuck is you doped up my whole team toys with tools I got a combustable notebook and a poison pen Upon game the boy can scrap flows LeBron James Like a young man among boys of rap, and he's back To clean house ( yeah ) so shut the fuck up Steve Stoute said I was wack he bout to shut the fuck up ( yeah ) How riviting am I? I'm living inside my cynical mind Spillin' my nine a clumsy killer that's comfy with criminal ties Really the city is mine Me and Eminem liek Diddy and Shyne ( So ) We 'bout to put the game in a chicken wang Regardless your artists are surrounded like a picture frame ( and I ) Can look in the future and see better days Im a gangsta twenty-four hours and seven days And YES is my mentality you want beef with us YES is our mentality YES It's your death day We gonna party like it's your death day You want beef with 5'9'' it's your death day You wanna get slapped right now it's your death day I want just slap ya I'll shot ya after Who's the sickest rapper? It's your death day ( yeah ) Exclusive Only for my niggaz Holla Back! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Tre Little Album: Build and Destroy Song: Malcolm X Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Royce talking] D-12, worst fucking rap group ever (You ready?) Royce Da 5'9" would like to apologize to the family of my homeboy Bugz for lettin' that line leak out the radio, it was a long story how it happened D-12 though, y'all better quit actin' like that wadn't my man too Like I was tryna disrespect him or somethin', I was tryna disrespect y'all 'Cause that's what I'm doin' (gun-loading sound) from here on 'n My new name from now on, don't even call me Royce Da 5'9" no mo' Call me Malcolm X, 'cause e'rybody in the city wanna kill me (*gun shooting sounds*) I'm Malcolm X now haha, we gon' see who goin, I ain't goin nowhere motherfucker We gon' see, e'rybody who against me, nigga I'm mad (BITCH) Haha, yeah, there's only one problem Everytime you motherfuckers breathe on the mic It's a motherfuckin' lie nigga, nobody believes you (*echoes*) We gon' beat yo' ass DOWN (2x) Y'all niggaz sound like y'all write y'all rhymes with motherfuckin' crayons, BITCHES [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, what rap crew I gotta snatch up out the game (bitch) Who must I smack for sayin my name? Somebody gon' die, it's probably YOU You couldn't fit Bizarre's body in my shoes Niggaz quick to talk, all hood 'til I pop up Plus, you just act tough cause Suge got locked up I am above y'all, when you droppin your raps to diss me I only recognize the top of your hats And I don't like Proof punk-ass, he think he tough He keep thirty niggaz with him, cause he weak as fuck! I ever catch you by yourself, I'ma fuck you up Snatch your little cheap-ass chain and piece you up You better hope you and the white boy keep in touch And be a good little hype man, or your lease is up Since Slim signed 50, I don't see your teeth as much That's good, cause you got a grill like a fuckin truck! DAMN HOMIE, it's history, over, hang it up Go somewhere and hang up some 50 posters, PUNK You speak too late, y'all prolly gon' go up to them awards and get yo' ass whooped by B2K I just wish Eminem would stop tellin' everybody he ain't speakin' to me Like I'm one of his hoes or somethin' How 'bout this, I ain't speakin to you, chump And I'ma keep pickin on your weak ass crew You, BITCH, Bizarre you a fat stutterin fuck You a joke, I choke whoever buttered you up I've been ridin by your house, you don't come out too much You hidin, when I find you I'ma snatch you out of that truck and tie your fat stankin ass to your couch and just FEED YOU, you already look like you about to bust Nigga you can run or hide; I'll be on your porch with a cheeseburger tryin to lure you outside! 'Cause he's in it, Bizarre say G-g-g-g-g-g-unit I bet you throw some extra "g's" in it Just like a stutterin' fool can't reach intelligence He sweats when he raps, cuz he got a speach impediment You, BITCH, Porky's pig and Porky's tomb About to dig his own grave with a fork and spoon You, BITCH, Denaun and Swifty please Give it in, both y'all be wreckin' 50's lease What do I know, that other nigga y'all got in your group I don't even know his name, but he can shovel my snow You, BITCH, let's face it I gave it to y'all My lil' sister got six puppies that's braver than y'all (barking sounds) Niggaz is startin' the beef I'm 'bout to end with the quickness I'm 'bout to end this quicker than Bizarre can finish a biscuit Quicker than quick shit, y'all ain't felt the half Quicker than Eminem can pinch Elton's ass Don't call me, I ain't ready to squash it yet, kiss my ASS I don't wanna talk to Hex, I am so sick I should be compared to cancer Y'all thought y'all dudes don't swing like Fred G.? Sanford I be makin' motherfuckers crash they heads when I rhyme Y'all lil' niggaz crack ya heads then rhyme, go play; you lil punk ass niggaz, y'all can scream and yell all you want I feel like I'm battlin' Keenan & Kel You, BITCH, none o' y'all can put in the card to kill Paul better call me, like he called Benzino Matter o' fact, I might even do a song with Ray Sign with Murder Inc. and hit you with a song again We gon' beat yo' ass DOWN (4x) [Royce talking] I don't even want you lil' punks to think I'm mad Y'all lil' niggaz are Ninja Turtles, you're nothing Nothin', you not on my level, I will beat yo bust ass nigga Tre Little, bring it on [Tre Little] Tre Little, the baby gorrilla, I'm just that guy I'm 5'6", got stacked lines, shit that high, I'm ridin' FUCK you and your commercial appeal I turn yo' head into blue 'n yellow +Purple Hills+ I bet you whatever that nobody beats my family Eminem, Nelly said that he'll eat you like candy What did you do, got on the phone and called him up You don't wanna talk to Royce, but you talk to us You, BITCH, yo' crew some local hoes I hit you harder than that white girl that broke your nose You and Royce can squash this with one talk Step around from your security and talk to that man I understand you backin' yo' crew, but this my brother Anythin' that happen to him, somethin' gonna happen to you And I don't give a fuck for that, nigga, I'll do life I advise you to stop; yo' money don't buy you stripes Only thing that money brings is fake niggaz and problems Followed by niggaz who hate fake niggaz and rob 'em But you niggaz is WACK; Denaun I'ma stab you So many times, I'ma feel bad when you collapse! You niggaz is so BITCH you make me sick to my stomach Every beat that you ever made sound like it was missin' somethin' Timbaland lookin' ass, nigga, my style is realer What producer you ever know only good for album filler We gon' beat yo' ass DOWN (2x) [Royce talking] You!, Yea, punk ass niggaz, yea we in the streets now too, nigga Big Homie's out nigga, what up [Tre Little talking] Yea you studderin ass motherfuckers, what y'all thought My brother here ain't have no backbone? Nigga, it's on when I see y'all Proof what the fuck you thinkin' of nigga, that's cash boy Need the white boy to get y'all started ass niggaz Fuck y'all hoes, I told Royce I ain't like that motherfucka Faggots, I smack the shit outta any one o' y'all niggaz Sell my bill one nigga What the fuck y'all thought nigga y'all'll get bought bitch Street orientated; y'all motherfuckers hate it Learn how to flow stop bein' mad y'all bitches Trick, trick, when I catch yo' bitch ass, yea dude Asked about cash nigga, you comin' to yo' doom You'll end up like click boom, bitch Rock City motherfucker, regardless Get the point bitch, or get the hollows motherfucker It's Cash Flow, bitch, Big Homie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: What We Do Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com {*Commercial plays*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, still you lame, high as it be If I'm ya highness in ya streets, I can honestly compete Wit any nigga, feel the pain, my odessey just creeps Peep a nigga silver chain, no diamonds in the peice I been chillin on dog for years... now you hard I got scars bigger in ya individual career Who the fuck is Denaun, he don't even write rhymes Actin like he rap harder then who - the Kon Artist is you Now you get spoken up on how the heats on you Nigga you must be smokin and jokin Slim got 50, and now it's time for change Shady lookin like a broke down dollar, you gotta be ashamed And you can't even stop it Em got 50 Cent, the rest of you niggas change in his pocket Don't you niggas see he let you come and get twisted And you dissin me, but you niggas is unfinished business SMUCK you niggas tryna be On every other niggas nuts, in the industry you findin me From Busta Rhymes to Jay-Z to Nas to ME! Didn't see me, yet them niggas won't you to rhyme wit peeks Niggas is HIDIN in the streets, lyin on me It's funny, cause they paint a picture like I be in TONS of beef Be out every night fightin, provin shit Jealous ass niggas, I ain't gotta prove shit! That means you could die from the felt response Fear my next move like, Eminem huggin on Elton John Except Y'ALL playin career Russian Roulette There will never be another D-12 album nigga, what you bet Who ain't eatin, I'ma start nigga on my 4th deal I'm so full, I'm feelin fatter then Bizzare MINUS the shower cap, and them dirty-ass Nike's Minus the stutter, minus the ugly-ass wife Y'all don't know what it takes to win, nigga I'll spar up wit ya boss, we made each other show up late to the gym So I said it - you niggas is whack That nigga ask me my opinion, is it true, don't fall for that Nigga step unto the turf, everybody think y'all WHACK What you gon' write a dis record to the earth You niggas is Shady statistics, the whole world know Who the broke-ass crew, wit the radio hits is Warren's niggas is takin ya pictures, you just dummy's You less money then Slim spends on Hailie for Christmas I know Slim see the mistakes that he made Treatin y'all like Dre treated Hittman, and Lady of Rage Even them niggas is smarter then y'all niggas, the cloth That I whip my fuckin gun down, is harder then y'all Ya hustle is over, the rhyme bout is threw I got ya coach on the sideline, touchin his shoulder TIMEOUT - it's over, it's over The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Heartbeat Typed by: junooni_@hotmail.com Yea, Listen *repeated* *Sample: Listen to the heart* Blood burgundy soul, heart cold Surgery flowed, they operate like an emergency *Sample 2x: Listen to the heartbeat* Harder, Yea, I know that you know I can rip it I hope that you listen (echoes) *heartbeat sound* Listen, I know my position I'm young, your profession is distant, I run to it It feels like it comes closer but misses I been exposed to the most vicious Meanin' I know the difference between those that are dope Or those that are +Pulp Fiction+ My words are weapons, they serve and protect Behind verbs and a lesson I teach For the nerve that your testin' I'll reach you from like thirty directions Heat you like, the early detections Like he questions or he for the strike Your number it came and crumbled your fame Into a ball, a umbrella dissolved into flames You under my brain, you fell in my shower, lyrics my power Your time is now, this is your hour to listen and it's windin' down Your mission to make your way if your smart He play his part, you can never take away his heart Listen *repeated* I know that you know I can rip it *sample* I hope that you listen Blood burgundy soul, heart cold Surgery flowed, they operate like an emergency *Sample: Listen to the heartbeat* Yea, Harder, I know that you know I can rip it *sample* I hope that you listen (echoes) *heartbeat sound* My spit is like the fits or the (?) cycle that gets under the dirt, that gets, under the skirt of your bitch Under your nose, so get onto your toes This is the reason you ballers is leavin' me all in control My brother, you should play the back if you loud I make you fade the black if you wild So you should stay in back and be proud I never take for granted my style 'Cause him who handed it down to me Slim who demanded, take advantages now I'm breezin' away from competitive ways Every day I'm leavin' a race I'm leadin' every step of the way that I'm breathin' And the reason that the hunger's increased I'm under my peeps speed and I'm underneath the numbers I seek I speak if you never show me respect No longer lookin' up to rappers and thank I actored? the ones that I met Listen *repeated* I know that you know I can rip it I hope that you listen Blood burgundy soul, heart cold Surgery flowed, they operate like an emergency *Sample: Listen to the heartbeat* Harder, Yea, I know that you know I can rip it *sample* I hope that you listen Listen *repeated* *Sample: Listen to the heartbeat* *Heartbeat sound plays until end* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Bow Tie, Cee (a.k.a. Polar Bear) Album: Build and Destroy Song: Trouble Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, yeah Royce 5-9, my nigga Bow Tie My nigga Cee, Six July Gangsta, what, gangsta, what, uhh Gangsta, niggaz is gangsta Yo, I'm out here all day From when you hear the sounds of the car skiddin Then start dickin, gangsta from start to the finish Whassup - never socialable, nigga we too disposable If I get close to you it's probably to dispose of you quicker Go 'head, try somethin - live or die by these numbers I'd rather live paralyzed than to die runnin, you feel it Stay out his path, he's chaotic and mad Pull a K out and blast, and treat every day like his last I'm just a street nigga rhymin some words Dabble in the finest of furs, cowboy minus the spurs and saddle Prefer for battle; most deserved in highest level in cowboy status is not from herdin cattle One strange guy, I'm  nuttin like you mayn Guns all look the same to the un-trained eye Easy to find, tell me how a gorilla can hide The realest nigga breathin, ain't no nigga realer alive [Chorus 2X: Royce] Y'all niggaz in trouble (in trouble) Y'all niggaz in trouble (in trouble). Y'all niggaz in trouble (in trouble) Y'all niggaz in trouble, you don't want this [Bow Tie] It's the black Elmer Fudd, fuck a mansion and a yacht I got a project buildin, weed runnin on the block (c'mon) A sweet tooth for chronic, shit got me speakin in ebonics Killer cracker, respect me for my talent Sniff 'em out like a bloodhound Like they bag mills out in Vegas on the Greyhound I never plead guilty, come to court filthy Lawyer drunk off Henny, parole violators with me And still I walk cause it's real Take they ass to trial then they lose a quarter mil', now that's a deal Filthy rich at his best Love hell I write, with a 7 on my chest I come, real street knowledge, boulevard trade school Paid dues, cause niggaz know I honor the rules Left no clues, X found, case is closed While you go against the grain, with a plane of fo's Take that slang to go, with the rubber handle steel Spit dum-dums at labels, with a 50-50 deal Explode to your guts, that part left hollow Show the world your nuts, I'm the hoodlum role model To all the competition that'll follow Just remember damage to the 99th power No one knows the hour, that the Bow will strike Took the sword from Hitler, that they stuck in Christ Now who's nice? .. Now who's nice? [Cee] Yo, you see the press is too hot (uh-huh) when you rush my flows I got, three for twenty-five, rhymes flip like blows What you never heard this voice, it's big Cee from the state (where you from nigga?) Where we pimp hustle hard, bang it out for the weight Eyes wide, cause me and my niggaz organize crime You either get it in the streets, or runnin from the jail lines My game's at command, I show the world my status It's filthy to the death blastin black automatics You niggaz talk pain, he will catch these shells Twenty-three hours on lockdown, one out your cell I know it sounds sick, when you deal in this form My city, the home where the killers is born Close capture, East and West, now that you have to leave a little room for this Midwest rapture And there's no endin, to the words I spit I sacrifice my soul for this filthy rich shit (gangsta shit) [Outro] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Y'all niggaz know it's trouble, y'knamsayin? I got my Detroit niggaz I got my New York niggaz I'm a Chi-Town nigga And it's goin down for the new millenium motherfuckers! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Amerie Album: Build and Destroy Song: Take Me Away Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Chorus: Amerie + Royce] + (Amerie) Take me away, from all the pressures of livin today and save me, I feel so alone I don't wanna live, when you appear take my soul Just go, I wanna come home  (Take me away, from all the pressures of livin today)  (And save me, I feel so alone)  (I don't wanna live, when you appear take my soul)  (Just go, I wanna come home) [Verse One: Royce Da 5'9"] + (Amerie) (I don't wanna live) Rather actin or clappin Attackin rap, if it happens to happens, it happens - I wanna (Take my own life) Somethin that goes on inside of my head cause I'm only alive 'til I'm dead  and (That could be today) Keep a gun with me cocked Come with my squad, nobody knows my number but God - and homie (When it's your turn) Even the paradise is a heaven The dice is a seven, you eternally burn, baby (This is how it goes) I think you need to wake up You only here to just take space up, your maker is your breaker (And it's so, real) Doomed! If you been to a funeral before you felt the Grim Reaper in the room - cause (Death comes in three's) Yes, you could only guess which one of you next (which one it's gon', be) (But could it be, you?) Maybe But you don't think about it though, 'til them wakes is replaced by daisies [Verse Two: Royce Da 5'9"] + (Amerie) (Sometimes I wanna cry) Askin myself why is it when fake niggaz collide real niggaz divide - but (It should be the other way) Dawg, I feel you Don't let 'em get to you, I love you, and you know who you are (And until we meet again) I just hope you choose your soldiers wisely Cause likely the truth'll come out in the end - and (And when it's that, time) We break bread, reflect back Chill with the Lord and wait for the next batch (Of more hungry MC's) The new breed's climbin these trees Signin these deeds, y'all remind me of me, hah (Cause this is your life) The soul is sellin Your whole intelligent mode is exposed to the Devil (And when you lookin BACK!) You never get your look back Flow or hook back, it's over, yo he took that - but (But he can take me) I'm right there Thought I was chasin a dream, shit I was chasin a nightmare The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Life Goes On Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo Ivy, let me know when we rollin We rollin? Aight.. I mean, I been through a lot man Tommy Boy thing, the bootleggers You know, life goes on, so what? You gotta reach deep down in your heart, and pull out as much as you can to get through what you goin through I'm livin proof.. Way down DEEP in the heart of a man who was DEEP in the palm of the hands of the truer streets lives a - nigga who gives a, lyrical nigga the shivers Step up and get hit cause him or his fifth'll deliver His mouth is a gun, the cannibal speaks You need to do more than floss the hand or the teeth And shame on it - only thing that pops out whenever your glock's out is a stick, and a flag with "Bang!" on it His flow's out-grown his dreams out of a count that he beams out-of-towners and hold down home You niggaz showin up, with a lot of the same soldiers I'm rollin up, pushin her outta your Range Rover You decided to be a rider but why, would you do it when you know you could light up my saliva like lighter fluid Soak with writin; cause 5-9 is back and he's about to spit thunder and shit lightning! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"]  "Life goes on.." Uh-huh, you thought I was done didn't ya?  "The world keeps turning and liiiife gooooes on.." Thought I would run didn't ya? No no  "Life goes on.." Never again will I, need a return  "The world keeps turning and.." (And I will never leave these streets again)  "Life goes on.." Uh-huh, you thought I was done didn't ya?  "The world keeps turning and liiiife gooooes on.." Thought I would run didn't ya? No no  "Life goes on.." Long as I live, I'ma continue to burn  "The world keeps turning and.." (Na na na na na na na) [Royce Da 5'9"] My crew never call me for beef  NO! It never happens to me That's like callin a SWAT team when it's a cat in a tree It's too many reasons, to tell you NIGGA please You can do nothin with me, like weed with too many seeds in it I'm more - vicious, it gets - more pathetic You testin somethin more than a medic nigga or mortician I'm more than rap, I will RUSH you For the sacks like Warren Sapp, like nigga FUCK you I'll STUFF you in a Atlanta mansion Paint the wall with you on "Candid Camera," like I'm a phantom answered Demand a ransom; cause a fire at your momma's house and take, all of the tires off of the ambulances Of course the track, fits Mr. King of the small article every month and the Source is BACK With Jay-Dilla, from Slum Village You lookin for us, we be in Rock City nigga - come get us!  "Life goes on.."  "The world keeps turning and liiiife gooooes on.."  "Life goes on.."  "The world keeps turning and.."  "Turning and liiiife gooooes on.."  "Life goes on.."  "The world keeps turning and.."  "Life goes on.."  "The world keeps turning and.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Duck Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, haha, yeah. Yeah, I'm on ya phone, ya friends and killers You Capone 'til I comb the village from home to California Runnin up on ya Dozen, you cornered You bust and be gone, I send ya mother a dozen begonias I make ya boss WISH that he had somethin that's more vicious and I'm killin anything that he HAD Past you, I ain't only lyrically killin you BAD I'm killin you wit a passion and then I'm sealin your casket SHUT! Too many problems followin me sayin that I am the +King+, I am a +dream+, I helps my game Not to offend or hurt the work you put it My street niggaz feel it, it's self-proclamied So, who wanna creep? What weakling wanna beef? +Ben Franklin+ run the streets, he came in a +hundred+ DEEP! You niggaz can keep ya thirty murkers I offer 'em all extra money man them niggaz is workers Where was them niggaz when you had dreads, you liar You Mekhi Phifer, lay on your side like a hyphen Nigga I ain't built for who bitch, what now? Tell 'em niggaz when I see 'em it's on, they better DUCK (down) [Chorus: repeat 2X] A truce is impossible, fuck you It's over, you was responsible for the drunk you You punk you, when I see you you better DUCK (down) BUM!! Wanted them guns to go boom, boom, boom [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, the problem's that all of you did somethin that you can't take back, you all know what it is Compete on wax is what we coulda did But you think that ya man is so hard just cause he don't rap What is the street nigga relatin to combat If he-a put you in the grave then maybe I'm that Type of nigga like you, I call you a cheapskate Cause you cheap and when it's beef in the streets you skate Nigga you can't deny the force 35 hundred in the streets, all just so you can die on my porch Punk! I will bust my gun 'til the round is finished You gon' kill who I be stickin around for a minute PLUS, I'll be on my way; you sound like somebody who sound like somebody, I don't believe NUTTIN you say (say) I will make your group feel like SHIT! Plus he hang where I hang, nigga I will take your booth We get (down) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy (Destroy Album) Song: Death Day Typed by: beefpatteez@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist {*to the IN DA CLUB beat*} Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go This is an exclusive, it's your death day We gonna party like it's your death day Now we bringin' the boys again the boy should win The stroy is told over and over again What the fuck is you doped up my whole team toys with tools I got a combustable notebook and a poison pen Upon game the boy can scrap flows LeBron James Like a young man among boys of rap, and he's back To clean house ( yeah ) so shut the fuck up Steve Stoute said I was wack he bout to shut the fuck up ( yeah ) How riviting am I? I'm living inside my cynical mind Spillin' my nine a clumsy killer that's comfy with criminal ties Really the city is mine Me and Eminem liek Diddy and Shyne ( So ) We 'bout to put the game in a chicken wang Regardless your artists are surrounded like a picture frame ( and I ) Can look in the future and see better days Im a gangsta twenty-four hours and seven days And YES is my mentality you want beef with us YES is our mentality YES It's your death day We gonna party like it's your death day You want beef with 5'9'' it's your death day You wanna get slapped right now it's your death day I want just slap ya I'll shot ya after Who's the sickest rapper? It's your death day ( yeah ) Exclusive Only for my niggaz Holla Back! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: We Riding Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Ridin, survivin Tryin not to die and tryna cop a island 5'9" and, sleazy The game needs me, cause I'm drama I got problems, I can't resolve 'em It's no beefin, I can't call 'em I'm ridin, survivin Tryin not to die then, look him in his eyes then [Royce Da 5'9"] Royce 5'9", YEAH.. yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, remember me? The hype man that came in to blaze shit Brought in by the white man like I came on a slave ship and chains; no master can turn his back on the only rapper can match him and burn him on his own track with him No goin back with him; cause holmes actin like he got Capone backin him (why?) He's gone platinum WOW, I'm hurt, cause now his words Cause now he famous 'bout as down to earth as it rains the worst My value will grow with my next release CUT THE CHECK, I suggest you invest in extra ink My next album should raise the brow of every man, woman and child And today, I gotta get paid You got a sign on your door that says "Keep Out" I can't fire no more, I can't reach out You truly know more later after you learn My last favor to ask you was when, "Don't do me no more favors" [Royce  over Chorus] Yeah, yeah, yeah 5'9", yeah Cause I'm drama, yeah! How the fuck you gon' forget about me niggaz? [Outro: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah, I'ma show you muh'fuckers how to go from no buzz, to a big-ass buzz I'm a ill motherfucker I don't need nobody to hold my motherfuckin hand Whatever niggaz, one hun'ned '03 is my year nigga, Royce 5'9" The drama king nigga, DRAMA [Royce  over Chorus] "Rock City Version 2.0" in stores right now Feel me! "Dead or Alive" the new album comin in Spring niggaz If you gonna go buy the motherfucker pray for me If not, FIGHT ME! Motherfucker, holla! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Cha Cha Album: Build and Destroy Song: Running Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Cha Cha) (Stick up, stick up) Gangs 'til we play brains We pick up (pick up) when them thangs spray This how it goes down in the hood that you can't stay I'll invite a nigga over then make him leave in the same day Can you meet her? I'm talkin bout a chick wit a Coke bottle figure but never the 2-liter Whatever you choose, especially you Definitely I rhyme better than who rhymes better than you! Cause this is your sire, I spit in the fire Thinkin that I'm fittin to retire? {"BITCH, you a liar!"} Ah-hah! The home of the willest, I'm only the illest I only'll steal it, phony-est niggaz'll feel it, c'mon widdit But when the battle is through It's all-out "Jerry Springer" every arena, I'm on the panel, too Spit shit for my peeps, shit for the Jeeps (Stick up, stick up) Strange pick-ups, brains hittin your feet Stained in ya mayn, listen, change in dissin (And recognize) You MC's, nothin; you leave with nothin (And recognize) Fuck it, hold on  I hear somebody comin {"Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, what is his name?"} 5-9! Can't keep comin around me baby Make my girls say (OHHHH!) Can't keep running awayyyy Give it to me now (RUN) [Interlude: Cha Cha] You can't leave, you can't breathe, you can't sleep Hearts beat's goin - bu-bu-b-b-BUMP! (It's like) Precious comin, can't turn your back from it And your heart keeps drummin - bu-bu-b-b-BUMP! See deep, see the world from beneath And all you hear is that beat - bu-bu-b-b-BUMP! (YO!) Evictions (YO!) enrichment (YO!) Contentment - bu-bu-b-b-BUMP! (YO! YO!) [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Cha Cha) Yeah, then after THAT I just thu-thu-th-thump, for fun I'm COCKIN back my (pu-pu-p-p-PUMP!) Yeah, what nigga man, you better be du-du-d-dumb You better stutter, you better SAY I'm th-th-th-the one Cause I'm the, rap oxy moron, feel that? Cause I bring tracks to life while I kill, cracks Ladies say (Royce I wanna get with, you!) And it's cool cause I got a whole (get with) crew And I hit, writers, right where it hurts Don't call me no hit, writer; I am a fighter, first Niggaz try to murk on my fire since fireworks Now you hurt, have you goons in a drive-by verse Cause I'm STRONG in that area thuggin I just, LOVE leavin niggaz layin there like a area RUG Plus you, yeah, smellin my game Ev-ery girl +Wanna Be Bad+, ask Willa Ford, tell her my name It's, 5-9! Hah, now I see why you can't see See why you can't breathe, why you can't beat or be ME! Man please, you better be Sam Sneed (And recognize) You just feet, a piece of a stampede (And recognize) Shh, hold on  I think somebody comin {"Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh, who could it be?"} 5-9! [Outro: Royce Da 5'9"] A round of applause for the brand new Mrs. Montgomery My lil' sister Cha Cha, Rush! Of course my name is Royce 5'9" When you think of my name Think of a fresh new sound A fresh new face, let's go [Interlude] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Lights Out Typed by: Hawaiian_Punch786@yahoo.com Rock city nigga Yeah Mic's up, lights out (Lights out, lights out...) Yo, yo [Verse 1] You think I call myself King just cuz I want love Like it's easy to blow a whole city that once was It wouldn't even be a midwest without Bone Thugs Try to knock me off my square, nigga I won't budge Born from broke, I speak in a street for coins I keep heat in a jeep, you can't beat Detroit Try that strong arm shit and you get buried alive All ya'll niggaz is big, but none ya'll is ready to die It's a freak mind game we play when we smart You say it's a art, blame nothin' you say in your heart It's a sixth sense that real niggaz got Yo, we know, just know, if you a hoe, or not If I could filter out the game, I would I'll speak niggaz name, Imma bet they got the same opinions about me It's like a two way street, with two cars racin' each other On the right track and goin' the wrong way on the other Yeah Mic's up, lights out (Lights out, light out) Real niggaz on the prowl Still drink if it ain't mines Real niggaz throw up drinks like gang signs Mic's up, lights out (Lights out, light out) Real niggaz on the prowl Still drink if it ain't mines Real niggaz throw up drinks like gang signs [Verse 2] Yeah, I robbed a nigga before, but do that make me a thug? Was stupid and young Things niggaz can do with a gun You never put fear in my heart Talkin' all loud and obnoxious What most of you do when you pop shit I'm payin' the price now, cuz it cost to shine And whoever thought that I lost it done lost his mind, nigga Look into the eyes of this nigga before you judge him You better be prepared to die for this nigga before you love him My shit is real, cuz I'm the realest So fuck Ill, you can be the illest See how many real niggaz feel it I don't ever plan to go back to the streets, it's cold Back to work with a mother fuckin' week in a hole Lost with blind motivation, I ain't a thug I'd rather be Royce five-apostrophe, nine-quotation So how you love that nigga, the game done changed You got a problem on your hands and this a nigga with brains Yeah Mic's up, lights out (Lights out, light out) Real niggaz on the prowl Still drink if it ain't mines Real niggaz throw up drinks like gang signs Mic's up, lights out (Lights out, light out) Real niggaz on the prowl Still drink if it ain't mines Real niggaz throw up drinks like gang signs {*DJ scratching*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy  Song: You Don't Know Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro]  Money.. and murder.. This is life, understand me You don't know me Nah.. nah.. nah [Royce Da 5'9"] Niggaz got the wrong views on this long uz' I'm nothin to prove, while you bluffin I use, I'm gon' shoot  As far as life, I've been lied to, looked down upon I had fights, too many to count 'em all, I'll round them off I been shot at, went back and got the drop on hoods Never been robbed, knock on wood, I don't buy that  Yo the streets is in you, we make +Scary Movies+ No beefs to be continued, only +Sequel+ is lonely and peaceful It's funny to see, niggaz wanna be like me Who like me? Who represent the D like me? Fuck the scribbles, I get right to the drawin My head's on straight, I know right where I'm from, and right where I'm goin Gimme one hit, per summer money come get - take it, it's yours Who's the king? Mummy un-stitched, the ruler  The one and only, fuck the pesos, now that we work That's only a tenth of the dollar I'm worth - you don't know me  [Chorus: repeat 2X] You don't know me, you just know what you hear This is nothin you heard, it's just somethin you know when you hear  Just makin you know when you hear, it's over this year I could even be phony, you don't know me (naw) [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm hot though, disagree? You do not know about the streets, or the rap, you just macho I won't stop - every broke nigga got a opinion  for every dollar he don't got; fuck them  Some of these niggaz hatin me in my own city, but fuck them too  I'm only here because of y'all niggaz, so what sent you? I'm only wishin niggaz'll stop dissin  and pay attention to that little dot on the mitten I live in I don't compete, I teach First lesson - I'ma show the competition how to get beat  It's easy, you don't know me (no) You act raw, but is it really you? Look, just gimme my money, that's all I ask for, I'm chillin I got lessons to tell, I rhyme like I'm desperate as hell He who prevails will always keep records for sale No matter what the case is I blew the fuck up, and now I'm back to rub it in the faces of haters You don't know me [Royce Da 5'9"] You might not like, you gon' respect it Cause I flows 'til I'm restless, I keep stressin who the best is  You don't know me homie; you'll never hear  a real nigga's name in my mouth, I talk about the phony only  Y'all missin the fact, that figures I'm paid  And I'm still itchin to scratch a wack nigga, now that's dedication  As long as rap's as segregation, I can only speak for myself  And all I can tell you is you don't know me (naw) [Chorus]  repeat 2X [Outro]  Yo.. yeah My name is Royce 5-9 That's all you know, huh?  Get to know me first Nah nah, huh? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: Shit on U * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * to the beat of D-12's "Shit on You" [Royce Da 5'9"] Hahaha, yeah yeah, haha No offense to my two niggaz Y'all know who y'all are, it's personal Motherfucker, you hear me? I know I ain't get back to you You dissed me a while ago, I just caught it I couldn't understand what yo' fat-ass was sayin! It's all good though (I will shit on you) I'm home, it's time for us to talk to each other Nigga.. (fuck, you) Yo yo, I heard you on DJ Butter, you ain't slick Somewhere in between a st-st-stutter and punch diss I was like, "Huh, what the fuck is this? Why the fuck this lame nigga tryna fuck with this" You was talkin real reckless, you dissed the king Get your eyes off my necklace, kiss the ring Crawl 'fore you walk, don't get caught without your gat Somebody shoulda taught you how to talk before you rap I know about how you gotta get walked though your verse Niggaz tryna teach you how you talk all through your verse The streets, magazines still knockin your verse On your verse, niggaz just look at they watch in reverse I'm about realism  as far as a fat nigga that raps and rapes kids, I don't see the vision You, you do front, me you admire You told the truth once like, "I'm a compulsive liar!" Insecure niggaz take offense to the line All in my my shit when I'm mentionin mines Yo it's on, better tell Von stick to the rhymes You better run and get Swift when I get to the nine It should be, Wall Street y'all and Slum V But no, nope, you runnin rhyme like Young Zee Heh, you was a clown in school Only nigga on stage in a costume, now the world is clownin YOU Share it for the rap  arrestin the big fat bear that got him jumpin the character to rap Uhh, nigga GIMME this mic, you ain't doin it right You call yourself a idiot, I'm just provin you right This is strong over the weak, long career over deceased And me doin you wrong over your beat You speak when you see me but you talk the flow Fuckin clown, smile nigga, honk your nose (honk honk!) You probably look at it like I'm makin a big deal But nigga that's what I do, I make big deals Take a chunk of the budget, and keep they proud raise And watch the little people split the pie five ways Nigga go play, matter fact, catch up I am six figures bigger and my books kept up Y'all a rap boy band; you testin me now? Y'all a group with one star like Destiny's Child FUCK THAT! No nigga, how can I relate to a group with four dudes that's easily replaced? I erase niggaz when they talk backwards (what?) I call Paul and have him write you off on his taxes I'm a solo artist, you just one of the crew Fans comin up to y'all like, "Which one is you?" You the fat one! Tell 'em that's your name You will tell a joke whenever too, that's your game Yeah, who cares if you've been on tour, you don't come off Nigga all you do is run on stage and run off Yeah, one loose cannon - that's strange cause the only cannon in the crew is planted wherever Proof's standin I speak to Em and Proof, I'm speakin with love Them my niggaz, y'all sissy niggaz keepin a grudge I don't give a FUCK nigga, you get beat up with gloves And if you want beef, fuck it, you can meet up with Bugz I'll shit on you! You fat motherfucker Aiyyo cut that shit! Fuck that nigga You diss me you gon' get dissed back, nigga Yo' mama, muh'fucker And I beat yo' ass, Wall Street hoe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: War Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  This, means, WAR! Wanna bring it to, bring it to me? (uhh) Wanna bring it to me, we in the D (uhh) You, we got you Spot him before he spots you WAR! Wanna bring it to, bring it to me (uhh) Wanna bring it to me, we in the D (uhh) You, we got you Spot him before he spots youuuu! [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo, yo, I roll with the wildest crew in the game Niggaz that'll put two in your frame with any one of the guns we carry to cock Aim, only to use on one of you bums, too scary to box Gimme mines and mines only, you know Nigga you only a hole which shows in the tone of your flow The iller the team the iller the regime Peelin from the scene in trucks, we gettin cream or what? Robbery's the word over extortion Force niggaz to fork over a fortune Takin you cats into a world you probably ain't never even been before Before we can even talk There's money to be made, niggaz wanna get paid I ain't playin wit y'all niggaz, I'm serious Try to top the flow or stop the dough You could get shot fo' sho', your whole block could go I'm takin the pistol to make it official Hollow heads make him an issue, makin 'em hit you Feel the force of a real nigga in this My niggaz'll tear the club up [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo, yo, yo - we attack the last nigga that blast Take him for cash; if he broke, we kickin his ass Simple as that, either the fifth or the mac cripple the cat, you too if you think you could rap Who fuckin with me? Gimme one name One nigga with versatility like this Ability like this, it's like this With me, my flow, you never know what you might get Prime suspect, and I ain't hit you with half of the rhyme just yet Niggaz wonderin why I be callin myself the King Shh, I'm the King Who you ever seen that's doin it like me? What new nigga done came that'll spit shit that'll sit in your brain, yeah I'm doin my thing A lotta you niggaz'll probably be intimidated by it When my shit gets played, niggaz riot Shit gets sprayed; but you can't change that I was doin that in sixth grade You can take it to the streets with us All out war, fuck it, everybody heat could bust [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo, yo, my attitude done changed since I became a king I'm a stranger being, rearrangin things Now that I can afford a Range and rings I sit and think, I remember when it became a dream Now I'm livin in it, takin the game to where it's never even been visited, what's my name? Royce 5'9" (who?) hottest nigga in rap How I'm figurin that? I'm iller than y'all Plus all my niggaz be more realer than y'all More crooks and way more killers than y'all Hot with it with goals, tryin to die with over two hundred songs Ready to go like 'Pac did it Niggaz is out for the cheese There can only be one King, it's either me or about to be me We bringin heat with us Ready to shoot, y'all niggaz better recruit, you ain't deep enough [Chorus]  2X w/ minor variations The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Royce Da 5'9" f/) D-Elite Album: Build and Destroy Song: State Your Name Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com (D-Elite.. state your naaaame, gangsta!) [Tre' Little] C'mon, Tre' Little don status, hold my dick Say ya label push the date back, now that's what you get I came in this game like it's more than rap (c'mon) Dog, I'm tryin to destroy the salary cap The Source is happy we came six covers, it's covered That'll last about May, June, well into the summer Why talk about different colors for various Coupes Shit green, fart blue, ooh clever you Help me ma, I'll take a shot at any one of y'alls Got mami droppin drawers before the first phone call We some gangstas, study the "Ten Crack Commandments" Stay +Big+, and worship "Hail Mary", that's how we live Lay low good guys, catch you with a hook I know why you lie, ya crew ain't quite like mine Spit it like ooh my, these labels like ooh my (State your naaaame, gangsta!) [Cha Cha] It's the C-H-A, say it with me niggaz Cha Cha Cha, y'all Cha Cha Cha You cannot lie or deny these niggaz ain't rah-rah Put the barrel on the bridge of your nose and turn you cock-eyed Steppin to us not wise, told you how to get live Go in depth best with the finger next to the index Such threats expect five guys, five tecs Make they gats all sing in unison like a quintet They don't say whodi, son, dunn, or young'n You can owe 'em and say hi and they greet you like "Hey guy" Whattup though Nickel, Jah, Tre', X, and Cut Throat My brethrens all veterans all throwin up sevens When we rock hits to the sky throw 'em up to the heavens Us and crews clash no more, we built the Rapport Me and Royce here to restore what we were buildin before So add a million sold or more is when I get at you whores, uh-huh (State your naaaame, gangsta!) [Cut Throat] Cut Throat, the livin threat street shit the blueprint The guideline rappers sideline until they buy mine Them little guns y'all blow, I stay on the low (uhh) Rap like this and work the scale like so (uhh) Take it to the gutter, we could duke or shoot it out Switchblades pump gauge, whatever you about Burn you to ya hood, we could bang for the work For the buildings or the blocks do the thang to the dirt I'm a FUCK-in fool, crews DUCK and move Stay in a FUCKED up mood, one FUCKED up dude When it's hot I, breathe in the heat, don't even sleep I, be knee-deep in the beats that made me a certified gangsta specialize in duct tape Let you know how many fo'-five slugs your gut take Show your favorite thug how to be a thug, top that nigga Turn your favorite drug into another drug, cop that nigga (State your naaaame, gangsta!) [Jah 5'9"] Jah da 5'9" speak and shake rhyme great, history's made The street gangsta city flow race against time Never sign for cash, my hustle's the shit {*whoosh*} You feel the breeze push past, you get a grip Millennium game, earth tone keep it in range Close to the grave I rock, fake niggaz shouldn't doubt us Surrounded by crooks, full clips and fine weed Choice clothes, on my Bossi, and fine hoes Long nights, bust those in small cris' Niggaz playin themselves for thinkin we rhyme alike How would you fight me, I'm like ten families strong Manipulation by song, relate to it niggaz Henny on the rocks toast to the real, in God we trust Calm gladiator, song navigator Them whole blocks got a story to tell All of a sudden seasons change, you're welcome (State your naaaame, gangsta!) [Billy Nix] Billy Nix, black man is here, listen close Spittin, just to niggaz, X address the niggaz Most niggaz don't see right, see light like it's darkness No guns in sight, no might for the heartless We run ya mics, you write like you're retarded No offense but your flow's slow and dense I know my niggaz hearin the D, ya smellin this You spoke that which you wrote while broke yellin rich Didn't know, you shoulda spoke while broke sayin poor Then Biggie up, "Kick in the Door," play it some more This is the evolution of emceein, who dissin us? Gettin Rah, stick up nigga, hand me ya listeners Get a job we here, D-Elite, touch it Matter fact, niggaz is wack, Wall Street fuck it X government agent remember yo' name, remember yo' game You niggaz won't be spittin the same, motherfucker (State your naaaame, gangsta!) My God! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build and Destroy Song: The Throne is Mine * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * hidden bonus track; written by Royce for Dr. Dre [Royce Da 5'9"] I can't cater to y'all cause I'm greater than y'all Baby, I'm like an alien invadin to y'all Crews, I done proved to all of you's I'm thorough now (What?) I used to want an island (what?) I want the world now Dre runnin for king, street politician Beats one of the things I peeped y'all to listen Peep how I did it, I took the rap game Fans came and I established the campaign Damn shame how all you haters can mud sling Debatin with the press on the slate that I rubbed clean Most of y'all wanna be loc, that bugs me Claimin you thugged out and don't know what a thug means I'ma shine so long as the sun should burn (what?) I was meant for the throne from the sperm to the urn (what?) I don't care what y'all gotta say behind us Just remember me, Dr. Dre your highness  sing [Chorus 2X: Royce Da 5'9"] It's my kingdom, the throne is mine I'm back to reclaim what I own this time Let it be known, engrave it in stone this time I'm here to rule alone this time  what? [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo, emperor dressed in a robe, iced down Emeralds and rubies up in the ice crown It's like a dream full of upcomin events My wife is a queen, my son is a prince Tryna breathe life in the heart of this dead market Walkin on top of y'all, on top of the red carpet Paid dues, give the world somethin to bump Make rules with my shoes curled up in the front Any bad feelings for me toward you sounds fatal Discussin your death with knights of the Round Table Passed y'all kids, did what y'all did Switch the mast into a castle and drawbridge A servant for any purpose, Scottish ones If she see me dressin myself, she probably run All you hoes callin want us to rap more Act-ors can fall under the trapdoor I don't care what y'all gotta say behind us Just remember me, Dr. Dre your highness - sing [Royce Da 5'9"] Y'all niggaz wanna see me fail, don't y'all? Naw it's aight, tell the truth - y'all wanna see me fail, don't y'all? I keep heat, yo that's just me bein me And why you wanna see me and peeps, it beats me I thought I represented better than ever before It must be cause I used the tec instead of the sword I'm the type of cat that'll slice a cat but, you can only do so much in the knife attack I'm badder than savages and the rest of the vultures Mad rappers is like court jesters and jokers I'm the king now and while the rest of you's loc'n at "The Chronic" tour with tapes beggin to open remember this  all you niggaz in jeans and hoodies either run with me and the team or runnin to me I don't care what y'all gotta say behind us Just remember me, Dr. Dre your highness - sing [Outro] It's my kingdom, the throne is mine Back to reclaim what I own this time Y'all know  I'ma engrave it in stone this time I'm here to rule alone this time  what? It's my kingdom, the throne is mine Back to reclaim what I own this time I told y'all  I'ma engrave it in stone this time I'm here to rule alone this time  what, what, what? Doc Dre, 5'9", run it in 9-9 Y'all thought it was over wit? Back again, yo We got y'all surrounded, "The Chronic 2000" Y'all niggaz is done, done.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Dr. Dre Album: Build and Destroy Song: The Way I Be Pimpin' (Xxplosive Part 2) * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * hidden bonus track; written by Royce for Dr. Dre [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I might make it look easy, that's just the way I be pimpin Makin my money, that's just the way I be pimpin They wouldn't leave me, that's just the way I be pimpin You might not believe me, that's just the way I be pimpin [Dr. Dre] I'm livin a motion picture, me and my niggaz In sixteen bars we'll make the big screen ours What is this? Everybody's jiggy now, is the hustle that good in everybody's city now, or do they act good? I pimp on the street, I pimp in my sleep And when I snore it sounds like I'm sayin, "Where's my money?" I ain't playin, I'm out there like, "Where's my honeys?" You gotta be a pimp to understand just how I'm layin Fuck a Lex bubble; I'm rich, and after this I'ma be rich all over again, except double See you ain't so hard; if you ain't burnin rubber in somethin with numbers after the dot, you ain't no star Me and my whole crew, done either shot a nigga or been shot And if you check us out, ain't no scars Hint  steppin to me is suicide And that basically means that you could die, true superfly [Dr. Dre] My life's in the fast lane, that's when I knew I had game Class came, I had hoes but didn't know they last name In school, when you niggaz was tradin clothes Me and my niggaz was tradin hoes like what they fadin fo' Carry my books you hoe, I had 'em slavin yo I get skulled then I played the hoe like, "Way to go" Patrollin the halls holdin a black mac-11 Under the black leather, platforms, a hat with a feather I was so naughty, drivin a gold Audi All we did was throw parties and show up, with Gold Gotti Handsome, and some, I'm the one you ran from Cause you could only be the man in the shit that I was banned from Make this shit seem easy, fiends need me Make the most conceited chick in this bitch seem sleazy Pleased at what I'm doin And to all y'all pimp niggaz, pimp on, and I'll see y'all at the reunion The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Build & Destroy: The Lost Sessions Song: What Would You Do? Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Why? Die! [Royce Da 5'9"] As the clock ticks, we knock off the block quick Chip off the ol' block of the sixty Steve's{?} our pops We  will stick you for your cheese to receive our props (yeah) Believe it or not, we not evil, we fiendin to stop We  we cryin out to the dire amounts of survival We not desired to beef, just inspired the spiral beneath the  dirt for every stem in the grass Memories pass, I keep 'em workin, a vile stem in the hash He will  kill a killer feelin like he's killin himself (uhh) He's feelin himself but not that killer but he's that killer himself (yeah) He's spendin his last, fiendin lookin to turn this cash raw It's like, Felix Trinidad turnin a glass jaw No, please! You're not that broke thief I used to approach you like you would've approached me (why?) cause you was just like me. What would you do if you knew what he knew? If you went through, what he been through If you get him will he come back to get you? Would you lose, would he lose? What would you do if he as real as me and you now? As me and you now, now see it through Deep in your heart you like to snake and probably fool But, we in the streets so  no no no [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo, panic and both of us stiff as mannequins, we speak We  both got rules to the streets we keep if you cross and we creep We  we even cold in the coffin with sheets We  was taught in the streets what we FOUGHT, our thoughts and beliefs We  front on we actors; we love the next nigga 'bout as much as we love our guns and we'll DITCH our guns if we hafta Our religion is we niggaz that's livin We believe in the Lord, while we unsure 'bout the way it was written We  focus on what niggaz focus on us The beam or scope is on us, we teens that just hope to grow up Uhh, I know the shit I said it hundreds of times Would this bun or this .9 switch with the hands of a one-of-a-kind? Hell naw! {*skit of Royce in club plays to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: Regardless Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah (M-I-C), yeah, yeah [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] My arms are heavy, knees weak, palms are sweaty Niggaz wanna see me gone already (uh) From this song on to song, you bout to be swept away Yesterday is long gone (uh) I took some time, to redefine my style I, kept my cool, summers behind the clouds (uh) You lames can't put me in the same category as a rookie Nope, my name ain't new Rappers can't push me, as high as I can Push myself, you not inspirin (uh) The stolen spot is open, I chose to not, listen And I don't even know what's hot or we dissin Or who's consistent or who's nice or not Who's on top, or who's wife is sniffin (oh) Or who's meltin soon, to be failin All I know is the way, the streets felt bout "Boom" [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] Regardless, nigga pump yo brakes Ya car is movin fast, we will lump your face (yeah) Regardless, me and Cash will come And take yo ass away far, nigga don't play (uh) Regardless, the M-I-C We kickin ass and takin names, you can't ID (uh) Regardless, me and Tre is comin Out to play wit you today, it's curfew [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] D-Elite! we comin wit the lightin and thunder Under the rain, to pump it, you need a jeep! (uh) You need at least some speakers, while ya glued To ya seat, from cruisin, while I creep through ya system I'm gon' be heard, as God is my word Deliverin the kind of murder, KOCH don't deserve The real will cop it, every label in the world Look out for me, I will kill yo roster (Yeah, yeah) I will shut this shit down! And on top of that, I could fuck yo bitch now It's hard to believe, that Columbia couldn't market me To do numbers like D-12 at least! I played myself, for radio play I never dance, but the skill it self, is a second chance (yeah) I'm BACK wit two's by me, start the beef I'm bout to part these streets, like "Bruce Almighty" (uh) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Aritst: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: Throw Back Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] (R) You niggaz can hold it (O) cause I am a throwback (Y) I'm spillin these cold raps, cause I am a soldier (C) You shoulda been told that (E) cause I am a throwback I'm spillin these cold raps, you feelin the soldier You niggaz could hold that, cause I am a throwback (5) {*Whoever wanna get it, then you can come and get it*} I'm spillin these cold raps (9) you feelin the soldier {*Cause I'ma bring it up, and give it to whoever want it*} Cause you niggaz could hold that, cause I am a throwback {*Now if you wanna get it, then you can come and get it*} I'm spillin these cold raps, I am a soldier (yeah) I.... begone [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Raps wolf is BACK, to attack crooks is BACK The slap snares, and CLAP at the tracks foot (yeah) I'm too vicious for him, too vicious for you And my kitchen is huge, we do dishes wit dudes Coldest flow of the summer, I see 'em come and they GO See 'em fumble the flow, it's more goers then comers Put the piece to ya dome, do you at peace wit the chrome Build ya (???) eat you, and pick my teeth wit ya bones I'm from the city of GATORS, haters I dealt wit them dudes If you don't like me, then likely I'll make a belt wit ya shoes Put a hole in ya soul, it trickles badder than good Flow is sold, before any nigga rag on your hood I'm not a hip hop nigga, don't confuse me wit them Truest at the beginnin, and truer when it's do to your end I'm just sellin my game, for cheddar forever My intelligent brain, is clever when spellin my name, like [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] I'm back to call the advantage, have you and on bananas And hands rep, rap +Grand Theft Auto+ mechanic I'm bout to tighten my plugs, bout to be fightin in clubs Ya blood might give me love, and likely highten my buzz Ya type is simply a bitch, and fightin wit me's a risk I might empty my clip, if the hype will get me my niche I'm out in front of ya, guns out Bout to knock ya fronts out, boxin about to drop without Columbia I spit this venom myself, me independence is felt Finish wit Slim and his help, long as he winnin I'm good Long as I'm known as one of the most vicious MC's spittin from the "D", low and behold and mitten This is how I rose you bitches, Rock City chosen niggaz We stole this, on our road to riches I'll show you the golden picture, glow, lock Product is fears, I'm soda pop, like Hova, Pac, and Big [Verse 3 - Royce Da 5'9"] I go beyond bootlegers, they slow me down, but HEY I'm holdin my ground, long as the stolen sound should PLAY 5'9" is a winner, I speak to keep the progression My views take you to school, my piece'll teach you a lesson Never been deep in the streets, I can't be somethin I'm not Test me and get to know me, I'll put you inside of a box Chalked and signin off and, put ya hands on me now Later they lay on ya chest, crossed inside a coffin The .30 Caliber SHOT, who wanna take home Where they give you wounds, you goons could put a stape on All them hoe ass niggaz could DO, is cry wit the children And PRAY, if I was a civilian for a day I'd take a glance at my daddy - another me Raise my hand on the stand like Shaggy - "It wasn't me" (yeah) I will melt you, smell the aroma of a coma I'm comin to get you, I will help you SPELL! [Outro - Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah it's on, my name is Royce 5'9" My nigga Ty Fyffe, we gone {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: What I Know Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Unlock ya locks, and keep ya keys The Pac in me, got me thinkin deeply I got to shock MC's, wit my philosophy Cause I think very deeply Where I come from, where you sweat ya pen up Young gun rep-resenter, from the Ep-icenter The microphone fienin, for a microphone Before he knew what a microphone mean Wit them four pounds, and they soundin them off And them slugs, get them thugs, and the ground, get the chalk Niggaz hearts is dissolvin, involved in What Farakhan and, Jim Brown couldn't solve [Man singing] w/ (Royce ad-libs) I'ma tell you what I know, what I know [Royce Da 5'9"] It's them +Boyz In the Hood+ it's always hard You come talkin that trash, they'll pull ya card Who would have known, that the boy growin up playin them cards Will soon know the music he wrote, it was so true Who could raise me, after I been amazed by Dre And N.W.A., and you couldn't pay me To back the staff for free, I will believe It ain't nothin +Shady+ in the +Aftermath+ Perhaps when you unwrappin the plastic You respect whatever you hear, and ya styles is growin Them guys is clonin, them pioneers Rappers wanna be classic, like they Clef, Pras, and Warren [Man singing] w/ (Royce ad-libs) I'ma tell you what I know, what I know [Royce Da 5'9"] Elvis - was a hero to most But he never meant shit to me, it's statements Like that made me gage, White, Black, hate to make Me say - I like, when they fight back, they Me and rap, I vent myself Leanin back, not knowin that I meant myself A lesson comin fast, you dudes better catch it Whenever the future answers ya questions from the past And hold that, I'm spillin these cold raps Cause I am a +Throwback+ you feelin the soldier And keep tryin, to keep up wit the kind of guy That'll play you until they fatally say that the game's over [Man singing] w/ (Royce ad-libs) I'ma tell you what I know, what I know [Royce Da 5'9"] Oh my God, I destroy cities like the Blob Goin from city to city, seein who I can rob Goin from makin them poems up, in my garage Then goin on major tours wit, me and my squad Goin from listenin to Reggie, to meeting him Wit my palms sweaty, to him, telling me - I'm dead meat Goin from likin, to spray the club after a night That didn't go my way, to plug a writin for Dre You damn right I was raised, the amazin Hand-writin on the same page, that you can't type on So I black out, the usual same way The old fashion rap, til it's no lights on [Man singing] w/ (Royce ad-libs) I'ma tell you what I know, what I know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Ingrid Smalls Album: Death is Certain Song: I Promise Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah yeah There's a void that needs to be filled inside this marketplace You could die in my parkin space My mom want me to blow up and house them My father want me to bring product out without Slim And prove them wrong - they paid my bills I'm on your heels, I'm for real, my shoes is long To feed my son - I will leave you leakin in the street, I will heat you to kingdom come Uhh, the king will come Wait 'til you gone in place of a angel appear to take you home The beard on the face is gone These bullets is straight razors, blazin you, case in point Amaze the rap game, make 'em point Walk inside of the house of the illest and case the joint And take whatever I want, out of it Now that I'm wise, my future rides on it, it's time for triumph [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] + (Ingrid Smalls) I promise  if you just let me in the game (Prayyyy) If you should bless me enough to let me reign, I will contain you (Prayyyy) I promise  I will support my family, slash you (Prayyyy) I promise  I will pray every day, I will ask you I promise  if you just let me in the game (Prayyyy) If you should bless me enough to let me reign, I will contain you (Prayyyy) I promise  I will stop the killin, I will change (Prayyyy) I promise  I will put in this flow, what you put in my soul [Royce Da 5'9"] The whole misconception with me The only thing people think that I'm arrogant when they don't know me That's what it was If I wasn't a real nigga the shit would not bother me but it does The shit is not fair Just picture yourself lookin in the mirror tryna change what is not there When niggaz stop speakin Them phone calls get slow, I'm feelin like Nas before he dropped "Ether" I appear to be sober I'ma really be runnin over whoever said that my career was over Whoever gave me the cold shoulder And turn they backs on me, I'll be blazin you from both coasts Believe me, I got Lil' Homie and July 6 So you funny actin ass producers, I don't need you You can keep yo' beats, rap for money FUCK you and everybody else who acted funny [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, I'm callin every nigga out in the game that tried to go against the fire and douse the flame I could shout yo' name But nobody stands out more than anybody else, you doubt the same For every nigga that say I'm hidin just because I ain't hangin out at the same places I once vibed in Everybody at my father's job askin him rumors, shit Stop as my dad soon gon' quit If I can, maybe thank him for raising me to think like a baby gangsta, crazy temper I paid my sentence  totaled out the prison the game sent me, fame owes my name plus interest But once you strapped in to the penmanship and the track rumbles, you trapped in this rap jungle When you can't come through, sales are numbers The one who prevails'll be the one who remain tumbled [Royce] What you put in my soul.. {*echoes*} [Ingrid Smalls] Prayyyy, prayyyy, prayyyy Prayyyy, prayyyy, prayyyy.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: Hip Hop Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro] Woo! haha, uh [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] I know my streets, I know my sounds Y'all know my beats, how I get down I take my steps, and leaps and bounds Nigga it's - HIP HOP! [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah, we started from nothin a couple MC's Beat-boxin, the crowd in the lunch room (yeah) Me and Prem', both names go together Like they ain't supposed to be seperate, like "D" in the D I said it before, I rep in records beats At the headquarters, rest in peace Nigga I'ma hold shotty, and knock you out And I ain't gotta know Karate like Afu-ra It's - HIP HOP!, strong or not This is rap basketball, stats all you got Long as you hot, and your flow could hold up To knowin all of your short goals is long shots! Ninety percent of you niggaz ain't hard Here +Just to Get a Rep+, you not +Gangstarrs+ The finest flow will amaze, rap without me Minus The Source, minus the Quotable page [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] HIP HOP! is everything around you {*scratched - "No competition"*} Back to the voice, of today {*scratched - "It's real in the field"*} What's realer than - HIP HOP! (yeah) I know my streets, I know my sounds Y'all know my beats, how I get down I take my steps, and leaps and bounds Nigga it's - HIP HOP! [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] Rythmic, league c'mon wit it, I'm long winded I will diss you, from long distances You will not get the chance, like Choppa Ness and Dylan, to dis-respect, who you don't listen to Egg in the skillet brain, nigga, diss is you Smarten up, every person in the earth, be harden up But the only target is us It's - HIP HOP! cars and trucks I be dreamin about shit, like havin a hard time swingin On a nigga, or squeezin a trigger or fallin If I land, I won't wake up (yeah) My six shot model, ya crew I'm leavin ya mommy faces blue, just like a Hypnotic bottle They feel you the realer, you spit This killer shit is hearin us Healin you if you ill or you sick mentally [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] It's - HIP HOP! is everything around you {*scratched - "Gotta be something for me to write this"*} Back to the voice, of today {*scratched - "No talent rappers"*} What's realer than - HIP HOP! I know my streets, I know my sounds Y'all know my beats, how I get down I take my steps, and leaps and bounds Nigga it's - HIP HOP! [Verse 3 - Royce Da 5'9"] More venom, 5'9 is like a G5 Illest lyrics is stored in him Chorus is killin, any warrior feelin That I ain't God - Lord willin Trust me, after I crush ya buildin You will just hush, you won't restore the village We look toward wit killin, real Though this album is mor-bidly feelin to steel HIP HOP! - FUCK your feelin's More rappers dying, much more killin It's no feelin, realer than gamblin ya life Everyday, and wakin up to more dealin's Fourteen killin's, compared to offshore millions Equals, I got a lot more villians You know that you easily lose, you be on MTV News For the first time, because you died over [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] HIP HOP! is everything around you {*scratched - "Come alive y'all"*} Back to the voice, of today {*scratched - "It's all in the game"*} What's realer than - HIP HOP! I know my streets, I know my sounds Y'all know my beats, how I get down I take my steps, and leaps and bounds Nigga it's - HIP HOP! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Cutty Mack (a.k.a. Cut Throat) Album: Death is Certain Song: Gangsta Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce] Yeah, yeah, yeah.. [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] (Gangsta!) The weight carries itself Made man more concerned with wealth than he is his health (Gangsta!) He pumps like 24.. 24/7 just to get to heaven to pump some mo' (Gangsta!) Heavyweight paper Heart of a lion that beats longer than every pacemaker YEAH! We ridin, we - gon' die foolin Laws and rules don't apply to ME! (Gangsta!) [Verse One: Royce Da 5'9"] .. I'ma put this straight I'm not gon' threaten you with hooks if you look this way I'm not gon', write no songs - so please don't think that since sometimes I'm quiet, that I bite my tongue Cause I will, slice you punks with knives that come with teeth So leave with life as long's you come in peace I'm the protocol of all the street rules Soldiers, ballers please, I know all them I'm goin all out  for everything I believe in Niggaz bleed behind things that I know about Yeah, yeah (Gangsta!) Hear me roar Feel me nigga; naw fuck that, feel me more And whoever sayin 'fuck me' can suck me And we can bang, I done came a long way from "U Can't Touch Me", nigga! YEAH! I'm ridin, I am gon' die foolin Laws and rules don't apply to ME! [Verse Two: Royce Da 5'9"] .. My swagger's crazy We can, forget your momma ever had a baby Regis; I don't care who the fuck you is Keep yo', hands to yo'self, I will cut yo' limbs OFF Sixty shots'll quickly hit you pop Dixie Chicks of rap, PISS ME OFF! Yeah, I'm strictly Pesci - you hear me a made man I will rather you fear me than to have you respect me Yeah, the tec's good Jammin's always out the question, call me Suge' of the Midwest wood Yeah, the part of the poem that's deep He will, blast you after he's had a glass of Bacardi Limon Yeah, let's get it on, I'm strictly the classic - rap You know it's on, soon as you rip off the plastic, yeah! BLOAW! I'm ridin, I am gon' die foolin Laws and rules don't apply to ME! [Interlude] He knows his gun and his knife (Gangsta!) More than he knows his son and his wife (Gangsta!) Always huntin niggaz, never hunted You can bet eleven-hundred  he is. [Verse Three: Cutty Mack] (Yeah) As ignorant as it gets Cut Throat the calmest person niggaz, push me shits (Yeah) Bawlin over the quickest to snap I'll break you then shake your soul, deliver you back to the, the hood that raised you, bruise and mace ya Lose your face through picture glass, break and waste ya I'm the essence, of the use of violence Move in silence, HUSH, then I'll close your eyelids (close) I'm goin all out  my enemies on they knees harder I squeeze, bullets'll leave your brains out (BACK UP!) Watch me move I'll speak the language of heat, plus I'm good with the tools (yeah) So whoever wanna hit me, come quickly Nuttin to lose, I'm no bitch nigga, please come get me - killa [Royce Da 5'9"] (Gangsta!) I'm ridin, I am gon' die foolin Laws and rules don't apply to ME! [Outro] + (Royce) He got yo' motherfuckin number! (Gangsta!) Though yo' life is second to his (Gangsta!) You still gon' die first.. (It's 5-9  gangsta!) Yeah! (He's a motherfuckin gangsta!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Ingrid Smalls Album: Death is Certain Song: T.O.D.A.Y Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Ingrid Smalls] Na na na. Hoooooooooooh-oooooooooh-ooooooooh, no no no [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah.. uhh, uhh I done been in this game for years, it made me an animal I learned that nobody else can be held accountable but you for your career, not your manager, face it Even he can fuck up a relationship I learned it don't matter who's spittin better While these rappers kill each other, them Jews they stick together like glue; and generate more money than FUBU For somethin made 'for you by you' Every hip-hop nigga listen and wishin he had your style to go against you if you rip him and pass him by (yeah) A mastermind is somebody who's actually kind to everybody, and try to see every autograph is signed The humblest way to look at your career is every nigga in here is one hit away Yeah, whatever goes around in rap happens to not come back to me, and I ask you [Chorus: Royce] + (Ingrid Smalls)  (If I was to die today  Wouuuuuld you pick me up because I'm down and out, na na na) "T"  represents the 'time' when my hope, fades "O"  is just a sign 'on' my mind on my broke, days  (Hoooooooooooh-oooooooooh-ooooooooh) "D"  is for the 'dangerous' way that the flow, stray "A"  represents the, 'answer' to the question I'm askin (no no no) "Y" is it today I should (DIE!) [Royce Da 5'9"] Damn, right after one quick summer Am I Young MC or a one-hit wonder? Is it a following that supports me BET, MTV, or "E! True Hollywood Story"? Can I hold my own and rap without havin to go back to Pharrell or Poke & Tone? Can a married man still appeal to broads knowin everything he's spittin from here on in gon' be raw? Can a nigga simply spit that real shit just for niggaz that feel me, or will the system kill me? (uhh) If I drop this album and it sells and the next one don't top it, will it be considered a failure? If I had to drop outta the limelight for a while Would you still mob me? Hell naw! You would not give a fuck about me If I worked a regular job, I don't even gotta ask y'all [Ingrid Smalls] We just wanna see you survive Anytime you wanna talk, maybe either one of y'all Wanna give a holla this way (yeah) Every lady involved, is rootin for the underdog You don't let him die today, no! Oh no  we ain't tryin to see You go  I want you here beside me I don't want it to change - don't DIE! [Royce Da 5'9"] Now as far as my weaknesses I have a hard time competin the chart and on SoundScan The media base, I respect Dre for teachin me that Money is easy to make, but hard to keep As far as my nigga 'Los, I love him He showed me you can do a dope album with no budget Yeah, with lethal rhymes - they get that he brought you into the game, he can take you out outta people's minds Yeah (DIE!) Those who feel my career will die Those who choose to leave me behind Are confused cause they don't hear me cry; rather ya ears is ready or not, I know you can hear me now like Mary J. Blige I will take the shit I will burn yo' bridges and I ain't talkin 'bout our relationship What goes around comes around with every person Rather it's life or rap whatever, "Death Is Certain" [Ingrid Smalls] Hoooooooooooh-oooooooooh-ooooooooh No no no.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: I and Me Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Woman talking] Royce is goin to fuckin kill you [Royce Da 5'9" - imitating Tupac] Ha, true motherfuckers know This be the realest shit I ever wrote Yeah, up in the studio gettin blowed Truest shit I ever spoke [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] How can I go from rockin wit Dre, to fallin out Wit Shady, and popin my glock on the block to droppin on Koch! Mistakes that I've made, I've learned to regret Impatiently we blazin them AK's, to earn the respect (I) don' been in the trenches for years, in this rap shit Where my name is mention is fear, compared to that shit (I) don' paid my dues, (I) don' learned more from my mistakes Then I learned in any grade in my school (I) could have made you today, (I) could raise ya brow On a label that's foul or made you on radio play (I) could guide myself, through the game myself Give you the chills, kill hip hop, and save myself (I) learned to behave myself, people choose sides when They figure you die, I learned they take away my wealth All these niggaz that used to page me, everyday that I dealt But they all gone, y'all wrong, (I) page myself, because [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] I do this music for me, I take time and put pride in it This music is me, it's no ruinin me I'm the truest MC, as hot as you need me to be, as cool as can be If you was true as me, then this for you, but I do it for I do this music for me, I take time and put pride in it This music is me, it's no ruinin me I'm the truest MC, as hot as you need me to be, as cool as can be If you was true as me, then this for you, but I do it for me [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] Every breath I breathe, every second I have To be in the lab, wit young man, makin a track at least In the basement, rappin in peace, +Patiently Waiting+ To blow up and grow up, back and away from this rappin beef shit All of that should cease, cause I feel like quittin Back to the factory, rap for ME, when I feel like spittin Go out and kill a clown a day, don't call me Royce no more It's Ryan, I just threw Detroit's crown away! It's only so many times, I could let my temper get tested I can't handle it, I'll eventually get aressted I'm on the verge of doin some things, that won't help - shit! Take myself away from my family, is so selfish I can't help shit, lately I been ignorin rules You takin care of too many people, to go and lose (I) do my music and speak truely, without the influence of movies Or these fools in the street, that wanna do me, nigga [Royce Da 5'9" - imitating Tupac] True motherfuckers know This be the realest shit I ever wrote Yeah, up in the studio gettin blowed Truest shit I ever spoke Yeah, hopin you true motherfuckers know This be the realest shit I ever wrote Yeah, up in the studio gettin blowed Truest shit I ever spoke The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: Beef * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com * this song is a remake of Notorious B.I.G.'s "What's Beef?" [Royce Da 5'9"] Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre mixture 5'9", 6 July, and Asar hits'll leave the side of your car door with more Smokin more holes than the Swiss cheese Bitch please, I'm postponin yo' homie's older moments, like I stole his future Hoes know me, I'm no phony Females'll tell you, "Yeah he cute, but he sho'll shoot ya!" My heart bleeds the blood of felonies The blood of Superman, the blood that I've never seen You seem like the shook type You ain't a thug so I wanna see what your brains and your blood look like Fuck is you sick? 'Pac should be pissed Cause fifty percent of the niggaz suckin his dick is bitch! I'm against all this name-callin shit Negro please! Listen to Chris Wallace bitch What's beef? Beef is when these rappers be believin they rhymes And a nigga like me just take it one day at a time Beef is when you die because of your CD When I come from your blindside, before you see ME Beef is when I get jumped by niggaz And come back to kill 'em, one by one Beef is the reaper, patiently pacin outside of your pretty house Today, you figured out, WHAT'S BEEF [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah.. gangsta, ain't this? Starvin artists that comes with the guns he paint with All you sorry street rejects Y'all about to go up in smoke, seats ejectin (Boom!) Houses come down Drastic murders is happenin, make a nigga momma mouth come down {*gasp!*} The precinct's heated  the cops is mad because they know who shot yo' ass and they know who can beat it Above the law, run up on y'all so quickly and show you what only you and a slug saw The silence is screwed in front of the .9 Ruger Quietly shootin what'll hush y'all I will leave you lying down in a street Everything around you will be dyin down but the beef Please believe  my guns'll take you punks to your maker from my freezin sleeve [Chorus]  2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Death is Certain Song: Bomb 1st Typed by: bigjwill54@yahoo.com Bomb First niggaz You gotta hurt niggaz Put in work niggaz God made dirt niggaz It don't hurt niggaz Drama ain't certain niggaz But death is So you gotta go and get 'em! Bomb first niggaz You gotta hurt niggaz Put in work niggaz God made dirt niggaz It don't hurt niggaz Drama ain't certain niggaz But Death is So somebody gon' get it! [Verse 1] Nigga get in ya car, if he pissin you off Get him, I don't wanna picture you pausin, cuz With you from the peddle to the floor From the shevel to the fo' fo' the devil only showed up for show Turn this up, turn off your phone And leave the "you wanna talk peace?" at home Faces corps or face them in court If you don't face 'em you gon' pay yo safety is short I got a babe to work for the courts I'ma license plate number away from the front of your porch Or the side of your house, the product of a ride or die is about I'm the opposite of a lot of mouth It's strange y'all repent After saying my name I'm about to change it like Prince call me The skit master, beef with the street trash The leafs the trees, grass at ya pad, he's mastered Squeeze faster, instead of beatin his ass Just let 'em have it and you can be the last one standing Bomb First niggaz You gotta hurt niggaz Put in work niggaz God made dirt niggaz It don't hurt niggaz Drama ain't certain niggaz But death is So you gotta go and get 'em! Bomb first niggaz You gotta hurt niggaz Put in work niggaz God made dirt niggaz It don't hurt niggaz Drama ain't certain niggaz But Death is So somebody gon' get it! [Verse 2] At night or in broad day, drive by or sitting in the bushes all day However you hunt (go get 'em!) The K the AR, the Pump, the Hand Gun, get it however you want Park in the front, get out, walk and then dump Pull off slow leaving no tire marks in the front...go The go-rilla, know he gon' leave footprints So he gets his shoes the size a soul bigger I learned niggaz will turn on you young Just as the gun misses it hits shit, hence the term killa Stop lights are not at night it's where you get chopped up If you stop, nigga maybe the cops might Surroad through and fast forward his life Blow noodles on hi sdash board nigga no excuses I seen plenty survive, weighing 185 In a land where the skinny niggaz die You gotta Bomb First niggaz You gotta hurt niggaz Put in work niggaz God made dirt niggaz It don't hurt niggaz Drama ain't certain niggaz But death is So you gotta go and get 'em! Bomb first niggaz You gotta hurt niggaz Put in work niggaz God made dirt niggaz It don't hurt niggaz Drama ain't certain niggaz But Death is So somebody gon' get it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Ingrid Smalls Album: Death is Certain Song: Everybody Goes Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {*"If you need me I will be nearby, mountain high, valley low.."*} {*"If you need me I will be nearby, mountain high, valley low.."*} [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Ingrid Smalls) Hold it.. uhh.. uhh.. uhh It depends on the type of men you keep in your regime And when it's beef just how extreme they will go You should bust yo' gat with care Nigga go to jail, I get you stabbed for a pack of squares It's more to me, look - past the beef I'm laughin that's why this album is so morbidly put .. I tote twice  just in case I gotta shoot you and throw away my future for yo' life I could knock you out I'd rather stand over you holdin a smokin gun, nigga WATCH yo' mouth You can go in that booth and call me all kinds of names but motherfucker you gotta come out So whoever hatin my team Remember who the gun totin, who provoked the fat lady to sing It's one rule everybody should know Everybody should calm down and just live cause (everybody goes) [Chorus: Royce] + (Ingrid Smalls) While all you front, the big picture stays the same You can change the frame all you want You can pretend all you wanna pretend It's all gon', violently come to an end (Everybody goes) Die soldiers, try to live for the moment We all borrow tomorrow, this is what God hones us The biggest Indian giver, he gon' take it back Erase you, I'm statin facts to (everybody) [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Ingrid Smalls) Narcissistic rhyme style comes equipped with the guns and clips are hungry, click in my compound The M.I.C., represents the, strength of henchmen Here to get the attention of (everybody) Now that you listenin, nigga why you dissin? I can get to your brain quicker than what you sniffin I can open your mind Quicker than that marijuan' that you smokin and close both of your eyes Toe-taggin; break you apart, break your momma's heart All because your brothers is holdin a closed casket The pinnacle of the word 'absurd' The centerfold of murder when the un-preventable occurs We do it with minimal words Dependin on the person sent to hurt you might give you a criminal slur This mac-10 is a blur  bullets is fast I'm a cowboy, I wear my Timbs with spurs (Everybody goes) {*"Valley low.."*} {*"Mountain high, valley low.."*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Cha Cha, Ingrid Smalls Album: Death is Certain Song: Death is Certain Pt. 2 (It Hurts) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, my nigga we greater than friends All we know is the beginnin, nobody controls the way that it ends I got, the weight of the world on my shoulders and one phone call can change it  make it fall 'til I'm all caved in My homie got shot and it's not lookin good for him No, this is not happenin, knock on wood for him Speedin to the hospital cryin, askin God, "Why?" I'm mashin, my car movin as fast as my mind This is not happenin to me My homie will not, and I repeat will NOT flatline on me How can I explain this vividly to your moms that this is behind entertainment? She won't get it All she understands is the boy that she raised just might die in a hospital bed fightin for his life I'm prayin, standin over you Lookin at you hooked up to a machine, holdin your hand, sayin [Chorus: Ingrid Smalls] + (Royce) Don't you go nowhere.. stay here with me Cause if you leave meeee.. it hurrrrts so bad  (Death is certainly gon' catch you) They can take me  (Whoever especially you will be left hurt) I'll take yo' place  (This is the cold, harshness of life)  (Just when it unfolds you lucky to grow old  life!) Cause it hurrrrts so bad [Royce Da 5'9"] You tearin our team apart Though time heals all of our wounds it's still leavin a mark I took it too far; the feelin that's hidden deep in my heart, comes out, when I look at the scar And I can't kill, nobody to get you back Nigga that's somethin that time can't heal While I'm sayin my grace I'll be lookin up at the sky, and tellin God that he's makin a mistake You can't take away one brother and leave the rest of the clique Lord please, double check yo' list And if you get to his name and it's a check beside it Death comes in three's, take me next .. but don't make me sweat, please I won't make it, I get restless speculatin Sons should bury mothers Every mother don't wanna bury her son, they sayin [Interlude: Royce + Cha Cha] Death is certainly gon' catch you Whoever especially you will be left hurt This is the cold, harshness of life Just when it unfolds you lucky to grow old  life! [Royce Da 5'9"] (And) Death is not no option I'm pullin money outta my pocket tryin to con the doctor Please, treat this thug the way you would treat yo' baby The way that you would treat yo' blood, I'll pay! As heavyweight as we are, I know how you medics are Cause I be checkin ER everyday I know we are a hairful - but doc this ain't one of them that came through shot that shoulda been careful Cause no dude could bleed; the way his heart pumps more than any patient that rode through that you seen The reason that he's my man Cause I tell him if he can hear me to squeeze my hand and he squeezes .. so I tell him some things Don't let them machines help you breathe, don't leave from receivin 'Round quarter to eight - his moms is sleepin His grip weakens, his squiggly lines go straight (go straight) Call the doctor, "Give him all you got! Shock him!" He gon' tell you it's too late Call the doctor, "Give him all you got! Shock him!" It's too late [Interlude] [Cha Cha] And death! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Carlos "6 July" Broady Album: Death is Certain Song: Something's Wrong With Him Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] + (6 July) Uhh, yeah, my conference calls with 'Los and Kino consists of - (Nigga tone it down, there's way too much killin) Of course I ignore 'em, a poor man talk I don't give a fuck if I throw my poor fans off Pathetic war done entered my brain and permanently changed me Now I'm angry so FUCK a metaphor FUCK hip-hop, hip-hop sucks! You got, niggaz on top swingin from 2Pac's NUTS! It's like, I could go in the lab and try to write somethin that's nice or bright but I will be holdin back My scripture's in the dark Deep-rooted soldier inside my soul, uncontrollable temper like "The Hulk's" My wife don't like my album, it's way too dark for women She say it sound like I hold grudges She rather listen to Joe Budden's, no disrespect aight? But FUCK a party now and everybody like [Chorus: Royce] + (6 July)  (What's wrong witchu nigga? Every song you killin)  (Every rhyme you spit is violently put) Lethal, BUT  I have no problem with puttin this gun down and beatin yo' ass up I was taught rhyme from the heart, they will feel you I like the dark, you cut on them lights, I will kill you  (Something's wrong with him) [Royce Da 5'9"] + (6 July) (Just like his pops  He don't give a fuck if you like him or not  He's a major problem) I will slap yo' ass in church And apologize to Jesus later, punk! Why am I hot and you not, and why is you rich? And why I ain't got SHIT in my pocket but lint? This ain't rap no mo', this not a flow This is beef, there's a couple street niggaz that got to go (bloaw!) My name is Nickel (haha) I'm from the suburbs (yeah!) It's only a ten-minute drive to come and get you (yeah) TIRED of you hoes I will slap snot side-ways outta ya nose, PARTNAH! (partnah!) I know we got drama But I will still show up at your funeral and hug yo' ugly-ass momma Everybody wanna know why the flow is so bad (Why is you so mad?) Everybody askin [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm a natural since - I wrote "Black Girl" I hope that you don't think that I won't smack yo' bitch Cause I will clap her if she happen to be witchu, when I kill you You can get ideas, nobody compares you thugs I will put out the bub on top of yo' head This .22 rifle, be shootin them bouncin bullets The enter into your head and exit out yo' foot Ride off as soon as my clip turns, you click and {*click click, BOOM*} them choppers is lookin for eyeballs (yeah) You could bring yo' roughest toughest thug that's jealous just tell him to touch me, I will fuck him up! I will knock his ass OUT And if I can't beat him I will grab my heater and POP his ass! FUCK yo' life, stripes I will shock yo' hood And I ain't never dyin, knock on wood - whattup 'Los? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Buzz Typed by: Hawaiian_Punch786@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah! Welcome to the M.I.C Mixtape niggaz! Volume two! We back niggaz! Oh yeah, by the way, y'all know what my motherfuckin' name is Uh oh.. I am (Bzzz) Buzzin', my name and the streets be (Bzzz) Buzzin', the speakers and the jeeps be (Bzzz) Buzzin', til I kill your mother, your brother three or four of your cousins like it's nothin' (Bzzz) Buzzin' "He ain't really from the hood nigga If I catch him in the hood I'ma" (Bzzz) [Verse 1] Buzz him, I ride with them choppas all day I dare you to pop a Blocka, I'm off my rocka Silent, you better all findin, Hoffa I've lost my mind Sick man brought my nine Sixth man off my pine (I'm off!) Industry heads off my grind Centipede leg niggaz follow me (Follow me!) Yeah nigga, off that liquor Walk back by him, spit lead to the head, niggaz off my mind Go ahead nigga, talk that crime shh Talk that, spark that nine shh, walk that fine Line, in between, talk and sparkin' that nine Rhymin' to be caught in a chalk outline Entire teams get bought, like ??? I am, battling the scatter that rather by triumph Breakin' niggaz back, we giants David gettin' slapped by Goliath That means that I am, him In the back chillin', that'll be quiet But that don't mean ??? The gatling's, ??? You have to be blind, to not see the black and green sign Peekin' at no matter who's eyein' Readin' he'd be leavin the baddest dude lyin' In a puddle of some sort of fabulous new science (new science) I done had it here in babblin' I am that dude quietly shootin' that chatter proof iron Nigga I am (Bzzz) Buzzin', my names and the streets be (Bzzz) Buzzin', the speakers and the jeeps be (Bzzz) Buzzin', til I kill your mother, your brother three or four of your cousins like it's nothin' (Bzzz) Buzzin' "He ain't really from the hood nigga If I catch him in the hood I'ma" (Bzzz) Buzz him [Verse 2] Everything y'all love I'm touchin' 'Ready gone die, fuck em Bonafide hustler, dude in a tank Do a clown, undo now who a do a nigga can't We will do it til the music ends Do it when it's noon Do it til it's noon again Do it til it's new again Do it til he prove to you, who to you, can't Flow no more, no tool, no shank No rules, no don't do's in the blanks Oh no (Oh no!) won't go assumin' who you think, gon' blow Won't be leavin here sooner than you think The party ain't over til I'm losin' my drink Imma couple dollars up from hollerin' "Oo I can't!" Up and at em', til tomorrow while I choose my fate There be dudes that I pay while I move wit' my rank (yeah) Move wit' my weight (yeah) Do whoever ain't playin' (yeah) There lonely player, only shoes in the paint Imma go until there's no more room in the bank I'm just y'all niggaz, sittin' on tall figures Til the law, need invisible legit small business The minute, the hits is out I figured y'all get it The fickle now admits, just as I spit it I'm as sick as "Good Lord, just hear him Get a good load of him. Hits is hittin like hitlaw done did 'em" The next villian, tap the nigga next to you Tell him, "I don't like him either. Let's kill him" Ya'll niggaz sound crazy (Bzzz) Buzzin', my names and the streets be (Bzzz) Buzzin', the speakers and the jeeps be (Bzzz) Buzzin', til I kill your mother, your brother three or four of your cousins like it's nothin' (Bzzz) Buzzin' "He ain't really from the hood nigga If I catch him in the hood I'ma" (Bzzz) Buzz him Everything y'all love I'm touchin' 'Ready gone die, fuck 'em (fuck em) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: On the Road Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Interviewer] Alright, what would you say is the best part about your career? [Royce - talking] The best part about my career is probably being able to do what I love doin all the time, which is, make music The negative side of it is probably just being away from my family so much Cause I find it, like an MC like myself One of the many ways I can make money, is to pack up and just, take my show on the road, youknowwhatI'msayin? [Royce Da 5'9"] Tired of the same old hustle Same old niggaz sayin they is gon' touch you Foes wanna act up when they with back up So I pack up and go - yeah, yeah Niggaz snitchin, niggaz hittin nigga's bitches This shit here is gettin ridiculous Me and Vicious in here flickin pictures Niggaz gettin rich and sittin with them trick bitches Now picture me locked up for life for the nigga who controllin the drop in the price or niggaz askin what I'm in they light for like I ain't got an army behind me to fight for me Niggaz money gettin glowed, niggaz gonna get 'bows And they gonna get sold, on the road Cause at home they denyin to feel me Labels wishin that they signed with the real me Cause now that I rhyme with the feeling that I am on, is dyin to kill me But I am a soldier, as I'm gettin older I'm takin my show on the road [Chorus: Royce] You can find me, up in a quiet, town like Ohio, tyin it down (on the road) It's nothin, the pump on the block where you come from Cop and re-up and whyle (on the road) Like a show you, go and come back with, dough That's how shit goes (on the road) And it's nothin to cop or re-up where you come from It's how shit goes (on the road) [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah I'ma give it to you 'til you leakin The problem with me is that I speak with the nine-millimeter The problem with me is that I ain't equal Prove it to you, pull you a line out of people That movie you starrin in is rated R because I am the sequel But I'ma be triumphant at least speakin Ridin through the Chi or the D or the D.C Movin fifty pounds weekly Lookin at the south region, thinkin about, am I greedy? (nah) If I ain't, I don't eat inspired by Hennessy Ridin in Tennessee (yeah) Fuck around and meet me Shuttin down everything from Uptown to up and down Beat Street But I am a soldier, you know what I'm about In the drop, I don't slow, when I go, on the road [Royce - talking] Y'knowmsayin? Like I, I see hip-hop goin forward Y'know you got, people buyin into, basketball teams And, all types of crazy shit, y'knowmsayin? So, I see a lot of people being able to provide for they families A lot of, Black people who would otherwise be out of work, havin jobs I just see everything movin forward.. {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Juan Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Dope Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce] Yeah, I'm [Chorus: Royce] BLOW, 'bout to do it after I make  one of your favorite rappers buck or basically outdo 'em LIKE SMACK! Bout to do as soon as your mouth single you out to show you the trigger fingers is out LIKE CRACK! Bout to slip through it like a fiend Bout to pick through the pictures of the game like a dream LIKE GAY! From far away, from a fan When you hear it then you know you the man, you dope! [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, they say I rhyme like I'm from Columbia Cause I shine like weed lights, that's why I'm signed to Columbia With three mics at a time - I come from the underground 'bout a hundred a pound, it's the way that my grind Hoes know the most potent blow on both coasts is approachin yo' nose Left 'em, mo' open, right steppers turn left or Burn your sceptum, before a mic checks or They sell, it takes me to teach y'all on my weight scale, we basically seesaw Every word that you heard is the murderous version Servin you herbs when you mergin with birds I got what you want Product that I come with, I got a mic that light up like a blunt If you seen it then you know that the flow is the meanest if I'm screamin that I'm dope then I mean it Cause I'm like [Juan] Niggaz feel me introvenously Then hail and feel the realness, they needin me Just to get through the day when my voice ain't there It's your commercial bullshit, the top choice ain't there While the A-1 Prada shit You puttin mix jive in your shit Tryna get, too much out of it Heads been tired of it, here's the real Cop my shit, take the rap and all, feel the chill I'm like an epidemic, therapeudic music infectious Vocals so potent had to check the logo, skull and crossbones nigga Go on and try get your spark on nigga Fuck stepped on, your flows sound walked on nigga Got that dope pure hundred percent, uncut Take it whatever, monster flow bangin wherever Any hood, any project borough, any country Why I'm that thorough, the same effect, ain't no comparin I'm bout to [Royce Da 5'9"] I whip out the wires of this game This thang'll make you feel Ma$e to just plain retire Runnin 'round the lottery My numbers is high, and y'all wonderin why I dumb it down for quantity Whatever you like, I got it I can sell it for twice to my competitors 'stead of the pipe I'ma be the best seller, yes feller I was pedalin mics when you was pedalin bikes, now let's sell it [Juan] Yeah, the seal is cracked I'm 'bout to bag mine nigga, it's time to get stacks Thugs scramblin tryin to get it, I got the slums in a frenzy Tryin to find out who got it, my product liver than theirs One hit, got 'em noddin they heads Damn near about to break they neck Any harder it'll break they deck My name Juan nigga bang that shit And every time I'ma brang that shit 'til I The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Nickel Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Royce] (Nickel) Nine, witness me rippin this apart for sixty bars, the city is ours We the M-I, C; the illest to ever spit on a track So lean back - lean back I'm (Nickel) Nine, ladies say it with me now (Nickel) Nine, I am the king of the track Matter fact Nottz bring it back, GO! (M.I.C.) Watch me [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, 5-9'll piss or shit on your pad or your pen The lack of your strength is the end of where my bladder begins Go ahead, gather your men The few left stragglin in after I been clappin had to pretend It wasn't so bad, bustin those mag's Somethin for your old ass like a pack of Depends Back then us thugs had to depend on what drug was crackin Because it wasn't no black-owned businesses (whoa) Tack on who didn't wanna act as gentlemen (whoa) Act on adrenelin, the cap gon' peel 'em Either that or rap gon' kill 'em - send them niggaz in them skull caps like "Menace" with black on black to get 'em (whoa) High off 'caine, robbin everything from the tires to the tents to them snap-on spinners It's simple - 4 or 5 niggaz ride with me equals 4 or 5 fo'-fives stickin out of my window (like bloaw!) This amount to the passin, of the fathers of the now bastards, but it's not about math It's about, who's the ho Tryna prove to me you hard, squeeze your tool, lose a toe I will put it like a movie so You artists get the real footage of the squad you should know Watchin the dude, the product move quick as them dudes from "Blow" Did it, leave room to grow Bigger than the hood that you can't leave like "The Truman Show" Why even bring your DAT's when I am the king of rap Matter fact Nottz, bring it back Go! {*record scratches*} Watch me Now you say 'Maybach' in your rhymes because it rhyme with 'laid back' Like that's the only thing that it rhyme with How about come up outta your braze cap Right under the train tracks, with one of your ladies You gonna get laid flat or you gonna behave Put this gun to your wave cap and get under your waves Because you keep the nine witchu - you gettin your mind lifted  quicker than knockin 'em men, I'm too blowed to rhyme witchu (whoa) Them loc's in Cali I know be them pie-flippers Doin drive-bys on lowrider bicycles (bloaw bloaw!) You little weak guys should keep  the murder case you beat to yourselves and throw up the peace sign (peace!) One of my niggaz beat five I call him Homicide Juan, I'ma sign him then free Shyne But I don't let the battle rap haunt me Cardier band frosty, wearin what a fan bought me Somebody get this avalanche off me, the van hawk us Cheeseburger servin faggot ass tarts Hang with them chaldeons, them Taliban talkers'll beat the pants off you for bein stand-off Or, get your tan darkened, from the heat from the flame From the thang speakin sayin "Keep your hands off me" Pullin all of y'all cards We dangerous, only games we play is "Callin all cars" (call all cars!) We all drive reckless, change cars like Baby Make Flex say, "Y'all on some Wyclef shit" For those that don't know We just picture a soldier with a rose gold soul with a frozen, flow who will rhyme 'til the climate is cold Diamonds in the rose like Pocanos snow I'm like Alpo, AZ, Rich  Mixed with Jay-Z and 'Kiss with "pay me, bitch!" I'm.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Simon Says (Street Games) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Royce] I'ma hit you until you, hit you until you Hit you until you, hit you until you I'ma hit you until you, hit you until you Hit you until you, hit you until you I'ma hit you until you STOP, hit you until you GO! Hit you until you DROP, hit you until you ROLL! I'ma hit you until you BLEED, hit you until you LEAVE! Hit you until you.. yeah, yeah [Verse One: Royce Da 5'9"] I put in my dirt I'ma hurt you Bullets is +Eeny Meeny Miny Moe+; don't put your foot in my circle You must be ruthless, or you will die hidin beside a bunch of chicken niggaz that +Duck Duck Goose+ I'm not a hater nigga You punks got a 50/50 chance of livin, you playin +Rock Paper Scissors+ Why the FUCK would I knuckle up witcha? I got twin glocks from Scotland, I'd rather +Double Dutch+ witcha He played them street games 'til the heat came Same nigga that be changin quick when they see brains We ride in streets with Mafia ties We pop up by surprise like we playin +Hide-And-Go-Seek+ And I'm about to draw the line nigga, talk to your soldiers Cross me, you try to knock a stick off of my shoulder Nigga I will heat you, 5'9" will have you lyin beside your bed I'm the nigga +Simon Says+ [Chorus: Royce] I'ma hit you until you STOP, hit you until you GO! Hit you until you DROP, hit you until you ROLL! I'ma hit you until you BLEED, hit you until you LEAVE! Hit you until you, hit you until you I'ma hit you until you STOP, hit you until you GO! Hit you until you DROP, hit you until you ROLL! Hit you until you BLEED, hit you until you LEAVE! Hit you until you. [Verse Two: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah yeah, I see pain but why is it these street games is all leadin into the same violences? God is it, possible the same niggaz that's winnin in +Dodgeball+ will grow up and dodge bullets? The funky little, two squares in this concrete jungle was shootin the +Monkeys In The Middle+ If you compare me to anyone in this game if it ain't Shyne or Beans then it's +Truth Or Dare+ I been this hollow inside for years Leave peers beside beers that'll +Spin The Bottle+ Don't think that e'ry night seem right Nigga just look beside you, I'm at every +Red Light, Green Light+ Ready to stop you, fatal-ly I'll leave bullets inside your truck the size of +Hot Potatoes+ A comparison's vital - you ain't nobody Royce 5'9" is Simon, the +Americal Idol+ [Verse Three: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah, now he's had the luck as the same dumb fuck that took toes to the morgue for +Freeze Tag+ Miss the clock is tickin away At the pick of the day the hot shot, let's play +Hop Scotch+ Let's teach all of these punks that we as venomous as snakes, you can be them +Leap Frogs+ and jump I'ma make 'em all drop and say "Ahh" I'm the king of the playground, I make 'em say +Father May I+ You should say Grace - cause even if you bring your own pencil to the game nigga we don't play +Breaks+ Now you gon' find your fitted in the Lost & Found cause you crossed your bound nigga +Hide+ and go get it Finally the dudes be lame His name booted out of the games, hang by the dooky chains Erase the phonies - keep his team shooter then flee the scene while runnin in the latest Ponies [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make It Count) Song: Jump Typed By: Hawaiian_Punch786@yahoo.com (Royce Da 5'9") You know I really don't get it Motherfuckers Act like they want me in the game one minute Out the game the next minute Fuck do ya'll want? [Female Singer] First you want me in Then you want me out (Ya'll niggaz is too fickle)First you want me in Then you want me out [Verse 1] You a hop, skip, and a jump From poppin' shit to the one Ridin' the dick of the one Who rides sick wit' a young Fly chick in a gun (gun!) Inside the whip when he come Shine lyrically dope My ability strokes the Todd Bridges of dose A fly mix with a toast Of my niggaz who jump (jump!) From my side to run in with my enemies (punks!) Keep on temptin' me I'm just a hop, skip and a jump From goin' ballistic, so nigga go and diss if you want Go and mention me homie, you gon' eventually jump You gon' switch when it comes to that chrome click And then one of your own hit You just a hop, skip and a jump (jump!) From not listenin' to me like my shit don't exist Til I spit and you jump back on the dick of the one Accurate wit' a gun Mathematician wit' funds Minus a fifth of that rum Divide it with the hunger Times it with the times you fronted on my shit, on my dick If one of them lines stick to your brain You now witness the pain Of my addition of rain The sun without the distance between None of what God gave you The shade is now taken away, today [Female Singer] Do you want me in? Do you want me out? (Just like pussy) (You remind me of a cunt) Do you want me in? Do you want me out? [Verse 2] I'm just as underground as it gets You can come down in this ditch I'm hidden a mile deep The mummy without stitchin' but I don't sleep, I pump Without snitchin, I'm simply about gettin' this money I don't just dive in to what would be my end if I jump The politics of this game Niggaz be followin' names They ride with who the hottest, and criticizin' the same You lil' Nas's and Jay-Z's, we got on the scene Not only make me wait for the remix, but sick Make me squeamish Make me think later that one of ya'll can be who the fake king is One of ya'll can be on the good label of Push Five mics and a Source cuz of who pulled a favor Arrogant as a fuck, and you may have been just as humble To now fussin' bout who, sharin' the cover this month Man please This nigga's diseased comin' wit' better throwaway rhymes Then every one of your keepers, punks (punks!) Do you listen at all? It's fools that's winnin battles bought by the label, on cable And never gettin' the call Ten tapes at a time, you send it off to the label And wait at the mailbox While they make up they minds [Female Singer] Do you want me in? (Yeah) Do you want me out? (Ya'll try me, knowin' that ya'll niggaz is punks) First you want me in Then you want me out (Yeah!) (Is this what you want?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ T-Dot, Tre Little Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Gone in 30 Seconds Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] (Yeah) So you talkin about me so you can get known 'Til the .9's is out flyin out with the split bones I learned you just talkin, it's just a song Your words will not turn to sticks and stone Don't worry about murder my mob won't do it Only worries is worryin how I'm gon' do it That mouth you got, it'll create yo' hype And you might wanna watch it cause it could save yo' life [Chorus: Royce] I don't mess with what I can't leave in less than thirty seconds You will rest in a box in back of a hearse if I feel threatened You got your vest on but I don't know why cause my AK say it's just a shirt You be bench-pressin the earth and not blastin or askin questions, first [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah.. c'mon, yeah.. M.I.C... Of all I'm a gangsta, the album is scary I'm Malcolm, I'll get down if necessary (necessary) By any means - in which  you breathe in the mic is the reason you left with a skinny team This .9 rings, settin 'em straight The rest, I'll show 'em what the five fingers said to the face If, act hard and you will head for the Gates And I don't mean the one in your backyard; I'm talkin Pearly Christians call it sinnin (yeah) Muslims call it winnin and witnesses call me worldly (worldly) This life is full of the type of nigga that'll pull out a gun or a knife Do it and run off in the night We specialize in the truest to ever ride You slip you lose your life, you blew it like a breathilizer Asbestos flames come out of his mouth, he a rider The next best thing to the Mafia and my motto is [Royce - over Chorus] Yeah.. Rock Bottom nigga, yeah T-Dot nigga, yeah, the M.I.C. [T-Dot] Spittin real life from this shit AK rifle with clips is chrome with the knife on the tip Or two .9's sit right on my hip, that'll light up your strip And if you drivin let 'em die in your whip Moms cryin and shit, fuck talk, better duck the lead Cause them bullets poppin out the toaster like Wonder bread Rhyme with your Lex out, chief in ex' house beaten when I whip tecs out you stressed out bleedin Wife and kids get X'ed out even Kill stress out, catch 'em leavin while I'm in the next house squeezin Stop breathin when barettas be spittin, I never be missin We actin like the gun law never resistant (whoa) See I laugh when niggaz be stuntin Cause one flick of a button'll pop the stash and the triggers be thumpin Dumpin niggaz ain't killin right, dealers ain't dealin right Fuck the mic, real life, this is what I'm feelin like (like) [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh.. D-Elite nigga, yeah Tre Little nigga, yeah, c'mon, yeah So you talkin about me so you can get known 'Til the .9's is out flyin out with the split bones I learned you just talkin, it's just a song Your words will not turn to sticks and stone Don't worry about murder my mob won't do it Only worries is worryin how I'm gon' do it That mouth you got, it'll create yo' hype And you might wanna watch it cause it could save yo' life [Tre Little] Yo, whatever homie, you can go and take that chain off Respect the pistol, it's official, Little got them thangs out I hang out at bars where shots ring out at cars I game all your broads like, "Ho, come with a star" (c'mon) E'rybody know me, well at least in the D Gotta be top three; Gordy, Zeke or me Arrogant as a fuck, like "Damn, I match my truck" Gun and chain ain't tucked, you don't wanna run up (you don't want it) Yeah, it's just not worth it, I got stripes like a zebra Make you run like a cheetah, I don't mind if we meet up Your neck a lil' froze, then let me turn the heat up Burger and the beef up, I'm like Kain when I creep up Hold me down, run them sneakers Homie I don't know your people, yeah I'm bout to fly my eagle man And I don't care what y'all say in these streets We deep, D-Elite'll Nyquil you to sleep, yeah [Royce - over Chorus] Yeah, uhh, yeah Yeah, yeah.. this that shit right here K Yeah, shooter music nigga We call this shooter music [T-Dot] Uh-huh, yea Royce fever nina, T-Dot range Tre Little, Rock Bottom M.I.C., yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Cutty Mack, June, Rell Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Switch Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah.. nigga pick up yo', hands and pretend just like if it's a, show - the lyrical cut throat He can and we will show, you BRRTTT, stick up yo' man with his pis-tol, hand over his {HO!} Lo and behold, plenty soldiers is rollin The road that they own is the one where they go When they gets me the pinnacle of the nigga hold-in the pencil, any flow, nigga pick one {HO!} I treat my rhyme like heat my mind Might be like keen-eye sight I treat y'all like "Three Blind Mice" You can't hit what you can't see, the M.I.C. {HO!} This is the shit that you wish you could spit when you sit and you listen to the clique that is swift with the written The poetry depicted officially blowin you little niggaz away Bout to switch up the flow, soon as you hear me say {HO!} [Chorus: Royce] Make, that flow; switch, that flow Get, different when you hear me say {HO!} Make, It Count; step, yo' game up When you hear me say {HO!} Make, that flow; switch, that flow Get, different when you hear me say {HO!} .. get wild (whyllllle out!) Whyle out {HO!} [Cutty Mack] Long as I'm breathin I'm street bitch Cut Throat ain't changin but the flow might switch ... A whole Army with shit That'll hit you in under five minutes, barkin bitch Starvin pitt, to the point of do or die Whether CRACK-in around or the MAC by my side {HO!} ... Money to burn, hustle to earn Bullets return, shots from the curb, dodgin a drought Makin It Count, slang in the South, bang out a house Coke by the ounce, weighin it out, that's what I'm 'bout nigga {HO!} ... The call done, hit me The law come, quickly; nerves in a, frenzy Flush the work, quickly; room drawers, empty Two heaters, with me; three flow; sickly {HO!} [Rell] Let it touch your brain, what I brung was flame Plus my whole gang doin the same thang Take it and keep movin, homies is straight cruisin Quick with the waist movement, go get your eight losers How you take amusement, never fake I shoot it A.K. or Ruger, we heavy with them uzi's {HO!} Face the facts, y'all spittin basement raps I'm on wax with some dangerous cats with a guage attached The rifle the brace attached to the bat I pull it back and squeeze until it claps {HO!} Amazin vision, I gaze at the days I'm livin the fast life with a rave of women Today is givin, I wake without a stay in prison And I hang with gangsta niggaz - muh'fucker! {HO!} [June] Always on deck, what you expect Mic is a way of life, he leadin the set Now, June's up in this muh'fucker And I want all y'all to know (all y'all) You can go any time, so why waste time? As I get right to my flow, y'all don't hear me though {HO!} Why play yourself? (why?) Why risk your health? (why?) Why waste my time? (why?) Learn how to rhyme (uhh) Get you some game (uhh) get you a name Gotta not be lame, y'all sound the same, yeah {HO!} They back's against the wall now (now) I'm came with some bangers who came for the get-down My style, can't take what you can spread 'round I'm multiple figures in riches, so what now? (nigga) {HO!} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: 52 Bars Typed by:Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah (5-9) yeah This is Hip-Hop 101 niggaz (yeah, the M.I.C. nigga) I'm bout to teach y'all MC's how to count bars Check it out (real MC's) Let's get to it niggaz  52 bars come out, now you feel it out 52 bars come out, now you feel it again 52 bars come out, now you feel it out 52 bars..  [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah, yeah; I'm a beast I'ma be leavin y'all sleep all in them trauma sheets (2) The pall bearer the one, the two carryin you (3) to who buryin you on the count of three (4) I'm the llama to squeeze (5) I can promise my knowledge degrees has started a lot of beefin (6) The gall of you to call to who all of you to pause (7) {*gasp*} The fall of your momma's cheeks (8) Yeah, then drama cease, I'ma try to teach (9) You could be deep and, wind up kinda deep, yeah (10) No amount of sleep can, mold you into what you tryna be (11) Can only make a soldier outta me (12) I'm the eightball - sittin out of the way (13) of you finishin the product is able to face all (14) I'ma just stay raw - instead of doin songs for women (15) I'll let y'all do 'em and all come and take y'alls (16) This is before the rhyme, it's the truth (17) After I put the "out of order" sign on the booth (18) You can't stop me, I'm stickin Koch - you wishin (19) Sony would just drop me like 50, yeah (20) You sloppy, I will reign (21) I will change and, transform into 'Pac like Lil Zane (22) This is lyrical nation - this is +Rap City+ (23) while you fiends get out-rapped by Tigga in "Da Bassment" (24) This tool I use on all of your peeps (25) I call it my heat, cause I use it when I lose my cool (26) It's too risky (27) Took a line when who's sittin on the side of the new whip wit a huge pistol (28) The huge clip hangin outta the bottle (29) the size of a bottomless pit (30) Every goon, you gotta be hit, reduce the size of your clique (31) Like POOF, like I am a magician (32) I am a giant to you, trick! (33) I'm sicker than you, I feel like a pool stick in a room full of toothpicks (34) Don't compare none of these rap wannabe (35) cats to me, the best fear me, the rest is scared money (36) Now that I'm back on the scene (37) It's back to your baby mamas chasin me, I'm back on TV (38) Yeah buddy - come get me cause we ain't scared (39) Catch a buck-fifty the size of Freeway's beard, yeah (40 nigga) Ain't nobody vest preventin the 'K (41) from rippin through bricks and hittin the rest of your henchmen (42) Never been in the penitentiary, never get tense (43) when there's war, never worry about catchin a sentence (44) I don't care if you strong especially since (45) my weapon is long enough to bury you with whatever you benchin (46) I ain't friendly - I don't talk (47) for nobody who ain't cuttin a check unless you a dentist (48) You can never attempt to, diss me (49) If you do, I will censor the lead of that pencil (50) You punks better be distant (51) One punch'll leave you lumped and, dumber than Jessica Simpson (fifty-TWO!)  Whoo! Hahaha, yeah (yeah) It's not often you hear an MC like this nigga (the M.I.C.!) Take a picture of it, write it down Do whatever you want I don't give a FUCK! Yeah (haha) this what happens when  52 bars come out, now you feel 'em out 52 bars come out, now you feel 'em again 52 bars come out, now you feel 'em out 52 bars nigga, yeah, yeah 52 bars come out, now you feel 'em out 52 bars come out, now you feel 'em again 52 bars come out, now you feel 'em out 52 bars..  [Outro] Hahaha, "Death is Certain" niggaz (ho!) (Ho!) Asar, I told you Vicious! I told you Yeah, aight you sissy ass MC's Take notes {*laughing*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Back in the Day Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com Back in the day, rappin was a way of life then became the price that we pay A lot of people say they liked it in the days of the plain old mics and stage before it changed [Royce Da 5'9"] Enter the new wave of the MC who traded his dookie chain in for the latest invention like the pager that since then became the two-way That hangs from the pants of the man of the new day (yeah) Due to the pop radio play on the norm is debatable to any song that he do, probably gon' do somethin on a stage with a goon walkin up on him (yeah) He came a long way from the boombox on the corner (yeah!) Plus he quick to mention the Midwest Little bit of Twist', little bit of West mixed with a little East coast mixed with a switch of that FLOW! From stuffin them tapes with the paper to record to discussin how major the paper cause the way he records From the kick in the trunk, to wishin he can put out a hit, to puttin out hits on punk niggaz Who get away with singin over they whole RAPS That's why he spit like he been here befo', a throw-BACK goin [Chorus] - 2X [Royce Da 5'9"] Enter the new world of producin a new gimmick The future depends on you if you sterile What you sold is your soul - to get back in mind as you watch the climate of rap that's supposed to be cold, get hot The road traveled is lapped time and again Though common I watched it go from gold to platinum to diamond I watched watches go from silver to gold To the back road of behind the platinum and diamonds Flow thrown like quarterbacks to bomb me Go like a motor, crawl and I'm goin like BRRRAT when I'm rhymin And I ain't tryin to look back at my prime when I shine to say I was one of the best, after retirin My mind is amazin, findin my way around problems, I'm kinda shy in a way It's a whole lot I ain't say, like I honestly think I'm in the game that any of these days I'ma be king (yeah) Most likely the flow like he LeBron James (yeah) Some time and a condom away, from yo' wifey (yeah) Those waitin they time with me who don't like me I pay you no mind like there ain't no line behind me From the same line as Kanye, most likely to be most liked and I ain't gotta gloat lightly Your whole staff's around, I'ma go laps around you comin from goin back where they found you [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Fuck a Hook Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] DJ's and MC's Comin up next is the incredible We takin it back to the beats and the RHYYYYYYYYYMES... 5-9 is BACK, about to make a nigga spin on his BACK Not on a cardboard, on the ground with people surroundin lookin down at him lookin astounded Ready to draw around him; an outline of his body in chalk form This nigga here let the trigger talk for him His niggaz'll bark for him, for real, his heart's warm So you've been warned (GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO GO..) I don't even need to be drunk forever, the liquor is rootin me on I turn tables fast as Jam Master Jay do I'm N.W.A., I choke hoes like Dre Poke holes in the pavement, throw foes in the grave If you could choose between a broke nose or the A.K. I make movies like Cube 'cept I use hammers YEP! I shoot but I don't do it with cameras NOPE! So you can call me Malcolm You can all witness what I be doin to all of these rappers (yes!) Wit'chall sloppy tactics; don't try to copycat me if you ain't tryna box me back And watch your back, don't take another look into the eyes of a nigga that's willin to ride 'til he blind (Fuck a hook.. fuck a hook) Chk-chk-chk, Royce.. 5.. 9.. (he's baaaaack) Yeah, and it's on (Fuck a hook.. fuck a hook.. fuck a hook) Chk-chka-chka-chka, I will rhyme all day YES! I'll show you the back of your brain Slap you with the back of the gun Clap you when the rappin is done I aim to hit, I pack macs, accurate ones Change the clip, I send rappers back where they from Changin fast, the game I ask is not a sport I'm tired of bein a fuckin day late and a dollar short And I'm back! All of you rap niggaz hide your mics I'm ridin, dyin, and I ain't flyin by on them bikes I'm walkin, talkin, you eye me you dyin tonight This iron is showin you the shine designed by Christ And I, am the head reaper about the sick shit You about to see dead people without the "Sixth Sense" And yeah, takin food off my mother's table'll get you killed regardless, like my brother's label My heart and arteries a part of me, that'll test the truest We can do it, put your vest into it, yeah (Fuck a hook.. fuck a hook.. fuck a hook) Chka-chka-chk, you don't wanna play with him today Yea - NO! Yeah, hardcore! Rhymes galore! OHH! Givin you what you need Like I told you BEFOOOOOOOOOOORE.. Yeah, the rap game is DEAD, I'm bout to breathe life in it Bring it back to when niggaz was cypherin Yeah, back in the DAY, when nobody needed radio play I was straight long as my radio played tapes And this went on before all of them pay dates We was backflippin and windmillin to save face These days, we'll give you the mac so stay in your place I hope before you lay on your back, you sayin your grace (pray!) These new cats that rap to me they groupies You never see 'em in Max Julius or them Guccis Or they woulda got robbed for them Diadores or the Gazelles, we the store, we take, we sell your items we took, have you goin to tell We crooks, we either goin pro or goin to jail I know I'ma spare - many lifes This rap shit is comin with ME, cause don't nobody know how to share (Fuck a hook.. fuck a hook.. fuck a hook) Chka-chka... ("Get in your mind, get in your mind  Get in your mind all day!!") The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vicious Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Brother's Keeper Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com {*Chorus fades in*} [Chorus: Royce - repeat 2X] I am my brother's keeper, the reason you in touch with the Reaper If I ain't the reason you bleedin is because you ain't give me a reason to slug you because you ain't fuck with my brother You motherfuckers mothers'll suffer cause of you leavin / bleedin [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah.. yeah.. yeah, turn it up... 'Til we on top of that roof like Nino and G Glocks pointed at you out for the truth, you rollin with me Our paint, the same - you can taint it but you can't explain, your blood is my blood as your vein is my veins So you are, honestly bonded to me, not through rhymin but through the, amount of breathin between our mom and our father Count up your G's, with him I round up the squad for He I mount up to squeeze if he ever got a problem Any ONE of you henchmen, I want your attention I'm comin, I'm gunnin when one in his defense (SOUND OFF!) Like you got a pair, everybody dead if any one of you punks dare harm a hair on his head (oh no!) That'll start up the part of the war where your heart hit the floor when soldiers just won't, bargain no more This ain't got nothin to do with my crew members My views on losin when ain't nothin to do with losin my temper, cause [Kid Vicious] Blood in blood out for my brother, give me a pistol I'll release missiles through tissue when one of 'em hit you Surprise! Yo' eyes is closed, you chose to go past the flow So I will close yo' casket slow (whoa!) Nickel's my nigga; Jimmy gave me my quiet demeanor Touch him I will leave all of Gregory {?} Our father so don't bother, the fam is so mobster Run yo' lobster, run what you got! (buck a shot) Kid you NOT, won't remember the faces Make you disappear from this paper, I'ma erase you You talk shit and bitch up when I face you (yeah) What with that look on your face when I put this clip to your braces? (Oh no!) Switch up your taste buds I'll make you hiccup, make you taste blood We come together and break thugs DOWN! If you ain't fearin me nigga then you ain't hearin me nigga {*click clack*} ("Can you hear me now?") Haha.. {*gunshots*} ("Good!") [Chorus] - fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Basic Rap Typed by: Hawaiian_Punch786@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Uh, Uh [Bridge] You, you, you nothin' about your flow, flow, flow And make my mouth go down, down, down Or my eyebrow go up, up you suck, suck! [Verse 1] Nigga don't look at me like I knocked the party Cause I want you to leave my time like Doc and Marti You are not a part of my era Titch, nigga get the fuck up, outta my era you are making me sick You (You, you, you) Rubix cubes and crews that chasin' a dream You can take two plus two, and make it extreme Navy, weak as hell Only blocks that you saw are the ones with the letters that teach you to spell So (You, you, you) Basic rapper, I hate you Go back, to the dates you came from (You, you, you) Nigga rhymes done changed (You, you, you) Styles done advanced RUN DMC is a classic (You, you, you) Nigga get back, in your time machine (You, you, you) Basic rappers, I hate you Go back, to the dates you came from (You, you, you) Nigga rhymes done changed (You, you, you) Styles done advanced RUN DMC is a classic (You, you, you) Nigga get back, in your time machine [Verse 2] I think you niggaz be writin' your rhymes on that green paper with the thick lines Niggaz use in kindergarten Dudes like me, I'm holy like Synagogues I'm, Godly pick the pen apart like I'm a god For you rap hard, but I know the answer To what you add up to like the back of a flash card If you take heave to the make believe Niggaz rappin' like they be sayin' they ABC's then you whack Then you a [Bridge] You, you, you nothin' about your flow, flow, flow And make my mouth go down, down, down Or my eyebrow go up, up you suck, suck! [Verse 3] The highlight, of my life, is my writin' The type for five mics that strike like lightnin' When I hear a nigga in here, griffin' because He finished a year, you think that he spittin, nigga no That ain't how it goes You gotta think of how many niggaz originated this shit How many of 'em broke? You think that how many niggaz is rich today in this bitch You can say that many niggaz is dope? [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Cutty Mack, Juan Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: No Talent Rappers Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Juan] Whoo! Whattup Billy Nix? Yeah, it's your man Juan! Yeah (yeahhh yeahhh yeahhh) Street Lord Mafia It's your man Juan, "The Real Me" Go get that, in stores everywhere This a monster kid (yeah) whattup Kino?  {"No, talent, rappers!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ D-Elite Album: M.I.C. (Make it Count) Song: Stand Up Typed by:Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Cha Cha] I, Cha, stand up before y'all One hand in the sky, other hand over my heart Vouchin to be the last woman of my breed Right alongside some niggaz who seem to feel the same way After all, one who stands for nothin falls for anything So um, Tre Little why don't you stand up first? Tell 'em your story  [Verse One: Tre Little] Yeah, I made my own bed, yeah that's what the judge said Called me a young punk like he hold grudges Held up the same knife that I lunge with The one his lungs hit, I left him breathless Haha.. "Death is Certain" But for you to gimme that sentence the system's not workin Your Honor, understand my pain It's like I got nothin to lose, and shit to gain Please, hear me out Dude doused gasoline my house to get me out And all I could think about is how we was raised And - he like the gauge, and - I prefer the nine man Crime partners, robbin sprees Ten years plus Your Honor, just him and me And really - to make a long story short This nigga tried to eat from my fork Can't have that  [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] (Stand up) Put your hand on your chest The other hand in the air, and say that you solemnly swear When you (stand up) basically Reach out to the hatin streets, tell 'em to take a seat After you (stand up) put your hand on your chest The other hand in the air, and say that you solemnly swear When you (stand up) they listen now to a man who's standin demandin respect cause they sittin down  [Verse Two: Cutty Mack] I was born in this world the most, innocent child With no worries, expectations, look how I smile Everybody proud, my household loud Look what he can do now, gangstas is all around Couldn't fathom bein touched, by the life they led Would've rather been in church and touched by Christ instead I done seen everything from teens turn crack mothers Robberies led by teens are undercover And the law, is the same way my homeboy's do Took the work behind the kitchen sink, hustle was smooth And the risk never mattered, cause there's strength in fear Not thinkin beyond the next day I'm gettin this here And the world don't give a fuck, that's my thinkin Cause the world don't give a fuck, heavily drinkin Hit the, block at night when the bars let out Raw heads'll still hit me 'til they veins dead out I'm trapped   [Verse Three: Billy Nix] I saw four corners, crackheads on two of 'em Whores on opposite sides; I was 'bout nine or ten Wonderin why my sisters was lookin like they was homeless (damn) Cars'll roll up, and they hop in them for a moment Wasn't later I realized they need a supply To get it, would take a few minutes, they blow him in his ride It seems the scenes I've seen with fiends in abundance was part on some scheme to intervene in the number of people who make it up out of this life, conspiracy theory Nah, not quite; but government gotta know somethin Tell a child we were once unified, he might doubt it Went from, yellin "Black power" to sniffin white powder Could it be we wasn't brought here to be free, just subserviant to those in authority, slowly I'm learnin this Evolution of the mind defines us as men My resolution, it's time for revolution to begin   [Outro: Cha Cha] Feel me? Nobody respects you for sittin down Respect is to be earned, it's yours for the takin Closed mouths don't get fed Gotta get the wet behind your back Attack the storm, when it rains it pours Stand up M.I.C. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Independent's Day Song: I Owe You Typed by: roy_mann@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Yeah... Welcome...to the flow switch and it's Dough flipping and it's fo fo clicking and this Soldier that's so infamous Po' mixed wit a rich nigga soul Been ripping this shit since this little piggy was ya toe Hope my team win eventually - cuz' I'm the last cowboy That you've seen on your tv screen since the symphony Follow me as I convey the kinda patience I can say I can take pride in from riding with Dr. Dre to realizing you only be depriving ya self and only yaself when ya being childish But fuck that - I'm done wit that I'm done with trying to run with that I'm about to numbers that they do honest dat Phase 2 get to walking minus drama quit talking Switch flows - switch markets like yo momma (oh) Seven years and counting I been definately bouncing From the majors to them papers of them magazine columns I O-W-E You See-Through Nickel done regrouped mark my flow I O-W-E You bitches my dick My cum my wit I'm cold Do it independently do it independently Do it independently (this is for the money) Go independent go independent Go independent H(dot)N(dot)I(dot)C Why box me, I'll poke ya eyes out like Houston then slide out like boosting Me and 'Los is here to post bail from the prison We been living in here since Biggie was the sheriff I'm about to touch on every style you could think of On this album from the streets to the bounce to the singles From the niggaz to the bitches to the chickens to the killers to the lyrics niggaz feel me I'm the purest in the business I've matured so much mentally my aura's so intense I mean I'm forward wit my shit that's why them hoes still be into me You can try to criticize a killer when it's in his eyes So fly that when he walk you feel the friendly skies Nigga real talk - niggaz bark Niggaz die - niggaz start Niggaz try to pick apart my independent vibe You just cop that top brass when ya pop that in You solve the problem that hip-hop has I O-W-E You See-Through Nickel done regrouped mark my flow I O-W-E You bitches my dick my cum my wit I'm cold do it independently do it independently do it independently (this is for the money) go independent go independent go independent Five nine is back! About to launch the attack Fast forward to action you're not allowed to chat The gag order is at zip grab all of ya plaques figurines and trophies and put 'em all in a coffin get in and close it Expose all the nonsense they don't hear the lines then They gonn' see the fine print for they don't really compre- -hend niggaz pens been doing none of what I've been doing the last 7 years looking for profit I o-w-e you people More than just a video where bitches wearing see through Clothing wit the g-string rolling wit the bling bling Posing for the press wit the rollie and the vest I o-d-e-t I'm the life of the spot I'm the king whether they like it or not Independents they got everything from the block to the interstate locked this my je ne sais quoi, feel it I O-W-E You See-Through Nickel done regrouped mark my flow I O-W-E You bitches my dick my cum my wit I'm cold do it independently do it independently do it independently (this is for the money) go independent go independent go independent Yeah..this is for the cash my nigga brody dirty chuck, whatup chuck?...yeah.. don't get scared now niggaz..this is for the money independents..mr. independie is back..now let's ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Big Herk, Ingrid Smalls, Juan Album: Independent's Day Song: Ride Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah, I'ma every day walk my dogs  like a motherfuckin gangsta; gun toaster, slash pranksta In the 7 on Dalvins with Cash, we be mashin to the club seein who gon' hurl who the fastest Bitches sippin bubbly and drinkin thug passion Niggaz get them lil' pistols shoved in they asses This hundred-and-one round drum take up half the trunk so punk, we gon' tear up this club faster Detroit niggaz only get along with who belong And if you get on then we can use you From 7 and Woodward to 7 and Telly - the West side Where niggaz with 'Cardis, weapons in Pelle's  yes ma From 7 and Woodward to 7 and Kelly  the East side It's murder; from Kelly and further East where peace signs and street signs is unheard of You can either collide with me or ride with me [Chorus: Royce] + (Ingrid Smalls) (This is how we ride) Up and down, Plymouth (ride); B-Roc, niggaz (ride) Up and down, Finkel (ride); Bright Mo', niggaz (riiiide) Up and down, Sixth; P.A., niggaz (we riiiide) Up and down, Seven; 7 Mile, dawgs (this is how we ride) Up and down, Eight (ride); 8 Mile, niggaz (ride) Up and down, Nine (ride); Oak Park, niggaz (riiiide) Up and down, Ten; up and down, Eleven (we riiiide) Southfield, niggaz (this is how we) [Big Herk] In the D every day is violent, it's never silent All you hear is cop sirens and shots firin Bein broke got tirin - so how I'm s'posed to eat? I chose the street, fuck a job, they not hirin Cats be trippin, 'gnac we sippin Crack be flippin, you will never catch me slippin Watch out or get stuck for your jacket AIDS spreadin, strap up 'fore you catch it A dude chopped his wife up with a hatchet (damn) You might live to see eighteen She got raped, he gagged her mouth, so she can't scream It's the murder Mitten, crime is risin They robbed a bank, they gave my nigga Hank time for drivin We hustle, ain't no 9-to-5'n (uh-uh) When beef go down, I might just have to do some time, I'm ridin (fo'sho') It's on, you gon' be on your back I'm representin Detroit, until I die you see this D on my hat, nigga [Chorus: Royce] + (Ingrid Smalls) (This is how we ride) Up and down the Craft (ride); School Craft, niggaz (ride) Up and down, Joy (ride); Joy Road, niggaz (riiiide) Off West, Gram; my Zone 8, niggaz (we riiiide) Up and down, Warren; West Warren, niggaz (this is how we ride) Up and down the Wood (ride); Linwood, niggaz (ride) Up and down, Twelfth (ride); Twelfth Street, niggaz (riiiide) Up and down, Dexter; my Dexter niggaz (we riiiide) Off Davidson Ave; Woodrow, nigga (this is how we) [Juan] ... The weapons is close One wrong hood get cooked, news stressin your folks I have your block, in them white tees reppin your ghost Meanwhile I'm in the skyloft, stretchin the coke My name Juan nigga boss of the state Hold yo' head in this piranha tank, bitch let 'em gnaw on your face Pussy ass niggaz lie in they bars 'til they collide with niggaz like me, see they dog die in they arms I'm from Detroit nigga, smuggler's heaven Lions, Tigers and bears, gorillas, snakes; man the jungle is present Go ahead and play hard man They find yo' ass half-naked, somewhere off in them trees like Tarzan Nigga, beatin your chest with Ninas and tec's My niggaz cutthroat gangsta, beat you to death Don't make the pump blow waste ya, all on the steps Man every Dirty Glove banger, throw up your set, nigga! [Chorus: Royce] + (Ingrid Smalls) (This is how we ride) Up and down, Gratiot (ride); my, Gratiot niggaz (ride) Up and down the Van (ride); Van Dyke, niggaz (riiiide) Up and down, Mac; Mac Love, niggaz (we riiiide) Up and down, Kelly; them A.K., killas (this is how we ride) Up and down, French (ride); French Road, niggaz (ride) Up and down the Drive (ride); outer Drive, niggaz (riiiide) Up and down, Connors; up and down, Chalmers (we riiiide) East side, nigga (this is how we) [Outro: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, my nigga Juan, Street Lord Mafia Big Herk, good lookin out nigga Rock Bottom, whattup T-Dot? It's Rock City niggaz, M.I.C. RIDE WIT ME! {*echoes*} The Southwest to, Grand River to Griswalden{?} State I ain't forgot about y'all niggaz Anybody else who I ain't say y'all know how I do, Nickel RIDE WIT ME! {*echoes*} Shoutout to my nigga Doug Good lookin out my nigga Yeah, hit me baby [Ingrid Smalls] This is how we ride, ride, ride, ride, riiiide, riiiide This is how we... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Sara Stokes Album: Independent's Day Song: Wet My Whistle Typed by: mcsickscripts@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Sara Stokes] Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Uh, Adjust ya radio Boy you got me tripping, boy you got me tripping Baby wet my whistle, boy you got me tripping You got me heated So won't you wet my whistle, boy you drive me crazy And I can't get enough [Verse 1] (It's him) With the B-to the Double O-M You can feel the breeze from the Rover, the Benz You can hear it over and over again As I get closer and closer, then Rolling by the pose with the blow and the dro and the blend, with the soldier grin Rolling by the sto' with the 4-0, sitting in my lap like Ice Cube way back when But we too grown, so we roll by a hoe in the two tone, Maybach Benz [He ain't even from the hood] sell it to the streets Nigga yelling that to me, you selling that for cheap You best stick to walking, unless you'd like to be offed'en For less then the price of a coffin Nigga where them dollars at' Straighten up your face I'm smelling you aroma, you hating up the place Before I start K'ing up the place, this is what you fearing [Chorus: Sara Stokes] + (Royce Da 5'9") [Adjust your radio] [Boy you got me tripping] (This is what you hearing, Boom) [Boy you got me tripping] (This is what you hearing, Boom) [Baby wet my whistle] (Boom) [Boy you got me tripping] (This is for the trunks with them thangs in 'em, Boom) [You got me heated] (This is for the trunks with them thangs) [So won't you wet my whistle'] (Boom) [Boy you drive me crazy] (This is for the trunks with them thangs in 'em, Boom) [And I can't get enough] [Verse 2] It's him, with the B-to the Double O-M You can feel the breeze from the Rover, the Benz You can hear it over and over again As I get closer and closer, then Sounding like a plane on the landing strip Wheels looking like fans on a whip Backseat of my Benz lets swing an episode Come on, cheat on ya man ma, he don't have to know I got a room like the Real World confessional Booth, I only allow true professional [Can we turn the camera off'] Uh-uh, that's a no [Can I put my shoes on ya seat'] Uh-uh, that's a no, I bring a light to ya hood with me Hop in this car and shine honey if you wanna be looking good with me You see that full clip by him, like he that hood rich nigga Riding in that BF Goodrich tire My status in the streets don't matter When the haters come thru like the static in the speakers [Verse 3] Boom, niggaz at the car wash looking [looking] scheming [scheming] Tires gleaming [gleaming] ya'll stay mad At the wood grain in the parque dash Stash in the deck, albums banging [banging] Off the fiberglass of the Vette [like Boom] While we hanging, doing our thang Me and one of my mayne, it's a summertime thang [Outro: Sara Stokes] Boom...haha...'I-C Boy you got me tripping Boy you got me heated And I can't get enough The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Royce Da 5'9" f/ Cee-Lo Album:	Independent's Day Song:	Politics Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Chorus: Cee-Lo, Royce the 5'9"] Give me a mountain. Give me a sea Put your mind on wonderland, be what you want to be. Wooow It's Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* Politics. *Ha my nigga* [Royce Da 5'9"] Seven years and countin, I've been accounting For unaccountable rap problems 'Cause accountant countin his rap dollars The ice watch on the sleeve of the white collar Leanin like the Pisa towser, he's in power Standing on top of the black bottom You should pack up now that the dirty glove is with me Take your hat off inside of the mitten when you spittin 'Cause you can get it for sure Your whole rap clapped up out you If I don't get you back up Got you in a morgue sittin stiff in the drawer Niggaz I can't be caught, I can't be bought They call me the anti-core, anti-talk Anti, when it comes to gettin the kind of hugs That come from a fake thug That show me a sign of love Who am I to judge but you would not out of love Walk up if I was washed up like a Tsunami flood I ain't trying to bug But that's why you got to shove Come on.. [Royce Da 5'9"] Excuse me while I school them on how to pay these dues Tell whoever jealous and want to slay me, cool The whole game got the old bland of Mercedes blues Everybody wanna fill Jay-Z shoes I call it the Ferrari sniffs, the Phantom flu 'Cause y'all sick, what already exists, can't be you I told y'all niggaz in oh-two that I can't be touched Yo bitch call me sugar dick with the candy nuts But ain't shit sweet, don't get it twisted I'll beat yo ass, I don't need wine, I don't need cash I'll stick a sock in any nigga mouth in any market If he talkin, he a target, walk in his apartment While he drinkin, spark him 'til he leakin, coughin Remy Martin 'Cause if I flip my lid, you'd have to toss him in the garbage Is nothin to toughen you out, fuck is you frontin about We cuttin you in, I'm cuttin you out [Royce Da 5'9"] Royce five nine is a prophet, in every sense of the word Superb finisher, administer words like ministers The tall tales of the low sales of a poet Centuries rolled up in the pen that he holds up He holds it to holy grail, when he saw the soul he was since told his flows, the Davinci code decoded Since chosen, he prays harder But everytime he spot a rival revolvers inside His bible like, Gregory Heins with the rage of Harlem Po-po's harder, team free-on, we so cold Red like beam be on sight, we got weed neon green We got a one yay, Celine Deion white, green Your last breath, you about five heartbeats away from death 'Cause you the leon type, so muahh Make you rest in peace No more records bein sold, less is me Five nine, unsigned [Spoken Word- Royce] Yeahh, Royce Da 5'9", my nigga Nottz This is a M.I.C and teams with collaboration Ladies and gentleman, I would like to introduce to you, Cee-Lo Green. Let's go [Royce and Cee-Lo] Give me a mountain. *Dream my nigga*. Give me a sea *All my niggaz dealin with the politics*. Put your mind on wonderland *I smell you my nigga*. Be what you want to be. *Dream my nigga* It's politics my nigga. *repeat 8X* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Yo Gotti Album: Independent's Day Song: Looking at My Dog Typed by: Hawaiian_Punch786@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Why you lookin' like that? Stop lookin' like that Stop lookin' at my dog, lookin' at my dog That'll get you fucked up Why you lookin' like that? That'll get you fucked up, stop lookin' at my dog Why you lookin' like that? Stop lookin' like that Stop lookin' at my dog, lookin' at my dog That'll get yo ass shot Why you lookin like that? That'll get yo ass shot, stop lookin' at my dog [Yo Gotti] Yeah! This ya boy Yo Gotti! Why you lookin' at me? Hear a nigga I ain't ya bitch You don't want a street nigga that have to get wit this shit Cuz I ain't gon' quit Til 'em choppa bullet flippin They spleens, layin' all lower then yo chest or ya chin Man I'm in it to win I give a fuck bout a friend I care more bout the dough, and even more bout the Benz Niggaz look at my chain, then they clutchin' they burners They think they got us, we ??? finna get ugly this summer Yeah I roll with a stunna, I got a lot on the line But still its kill or be killed before a nigga take mine I give a pass to niggaz, when they look at my bitch Just they admire her walk, or just impress that she thick I'm reppin' Southside ??? nigga, nigga Yo Gotti! Bricks in the dashboard Benz big body Royce 5'9" and them hustles out of Detroit Get it how we get it cuz they importin' Ex boy [Royce Da 5'9"] Why you so hard nigga? Pause I done tried so many times To get my violent temper to comply with my mature side But the other side is where the 45 is, hidin' And I'm fa' sho childish, hi, I'm countin' 1, 2, seeking you niggaz with the peace, with the peek-a-boo trigger When I come, through, with the honorable spirit Eyes lighting up with shine like the "Chronicles of Riddick" Nigga forget it Nine times outta ten, times' on my side If your nines in the car, cuz mines on my side Why you lookin' like dat? Nigga ain't no hoes here I'm about to ask the waitress what she put in yo' beer We can get it on, we can do whatever boy (whatever boy) Don't you ever push your pedal, pump your brake Better untwist your face Spoken word, mixed with school, mixed with crunk This should hit you, get you pump, if it get you drunk It can get you jump! [Royce Da 5'9"] Bitches trip, niggaz quick To pull out they chains on sight Niggaz flip, soon as they announce my name on the mic So I, gotta kinda watch them niggaz You know them niggaz roll up beside you You don't know if they like your car, they don't like you By the way they lookin', you can't tell if they grimmin' you or admiring you Whether envy you when they see your tires spinnin' So you greet 'em as polite- ly as possible, that nine sit on yo lap, be disrespectful then you leave 'em at the light Hit that window and squeeze that toaster Pull off fast and I promise That I just put his Regal in 3-wheel motion without havin' hydraulics I call it like I see it Walk it like I did it Nigga coughin' up yo kidney Cough, talkin' bout the kid My people, I came expectin' the same kinda respect that you want Some of you steppin' in something by coming and testing it once They won't let you do nothin' unless you cutting a check Let me ask you a couple a questions, nigga [Chorus] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Juan, Kid Vishis Album: Independent's Day Song: Right Back Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com "To attack without knowing the enemy's strength is foolish  And after being warned, to still attack, is stupid  People who are that stupid just don't deserve to live  But strangely though, one does find, people who are that stupid." [Chorus: Royce] Pop that trunk, get the K nigga Get to sprayin nigga, get the pump nigga Come - RIGHT BACK; dump on a nigga Give him what he want if he want we'll hunt for 'em all He'll be - RIGHT BACK; it's got to be like that Expect niggaz not to respect you, kill him And get it - RIGHT BACK [Royce Da 5'9"] For those that don't know me Allow me to reintroduce myself My name is {*chk-chk, BOOM*} 5-9 nigga bottom line is bye-bye if you out of line wit him Itemize y'all deaths in, chronological order Those either gon' support him or idolize All you could do is try to dodge me While you plottin my demise while I'm tryna rise now we got a problem Cause if I'm surrounded, I'm known to pull out the pound and shoot, get on the phone and still come - RIGHT BACK - wit a army of dudes It's all true, just armed with Uzis lookin to resolve this Good Lord, can you hear him callin? They just still ballin, they feelin lawless, we kill 'em all If it costs too much, we hun-ga-ry It means if you floss too much your gums'll bleed That's why I don't talk with chumps, I was taught to thump my way to 21 'til I was taught to come - RIGHT BACK [Juan] For those who don't know Allow me to reintroduce myself My name is {*chk-chk, BOOM*} Juan Corleone Die real soft, fire in a while then he blow While you niggaz act raw with your dawgs 'til revolvers gettin drawn, splash markin the walls I don't know but I'm givin it to 'em Hittin 'em brutally with them Uzis man really amusin how niggaz duckin, divin, hollerin, hidin under shit Bullets bustin, bruisin they body, barely bouncin shit like, why you lookin at me smirkin nigga? I got a short man complex, murk a nigga bigger than me, taller than me, my squad in the league I ride slow ballin for sheez, all of you plead Who wanna test? Keep scrutinize you and your guys Two of them nines, better shoot them now 'less you wanna die I'm stupid high, Lord super sized blessin the dome Huggin some long John Wayne shit, fuck is you on? We comin.. [Interlude: Royce - having a conversation] (Man hell naw, that's Royce) Right, what's up wit it? (Whattup nigga, where you been?) I been callin you Somethin must be wrong with your phone right? (Yeah, yeah, no, yeah) Ohh okay, what's up, you got that for me? (Naw, yeah, naw) Naw? Alright well, I'ma get up outta here cause I see you havin fun with your people (Nah shut up man) Your man he's a funny guy and all that (Yo hold up) I'ma see you later (Hold up Royce, hold on) [Kid Vishis] For those that don't know me Allow me to reintroduce myself My name is {*chk-chk, BOOM*} yeah, Kid Vishis That sick shit, listen, I hit henchmen From shotgun wit a shotgun, surprised when pellets flyin And niggaz that was hatin us dyin Roll with them chaldeons that get mad if you call them an A-rab You might get stabbed for your antics Stay rude shooters with Rugers, put the block-a out the windows guns cocked screamin out "Air the coppa!" All races are frown faces with heated ways (yeah!) With somethin in the trunk that thumpin just like bass Trust me, no mics, this shit gon' get ugly Before the boys cuff me, "take that" like Puffy You've been hexed, squeeze this Tec Shots hittin jugular veins, give 'em taco necks I rep my set, Rock City, what you bet? M.I.C. regardless, you garbage niggaz, we comin. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Independent's Day Song: Blow Dat... Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Nottz, let's take 'em back Yes.. yes.. yes. Yes.. the Smith 'n, the Wesson Extended clip in the vest of whoever testin Rollin to the party with the shottie with the body Made the lead put the slugs with the hollows in the heads with the, with the with the with the Mossberg pump When it thump make the nigga with the heart turn punk Would ya, would ya would ya would ya please leave me alone so I can get my Chuck D on "Yes.. the rhythm, the rebel" +Public Enemy+ number one with heavy metal If I don't got the whistle in my Air Nikes I don't feel right out there livin in my "Surreal Life" All of you hoes should know I will blow that whistle Blow a hole in your throwback and throw that pistol Pimps, pussy and power, police, pitchers, hitters The streets, religion, ballers, all of 'em getcha getcha if you don't Blow dat whistle.. blow dat whistle. Blow dat whistle.. blow dat whistle. Blow dat whistle. [Royce Da 5'9"] Yes - we brothers of the same kind, un-blind Yes - same mind duckin one-time, same nine Yes - I aim fine what I bang gettin lain down with after I give 'em hang time then it's game time Yes - same gang nigga, young June, young Vishis You punks better come wit it 'fore we come visit Blastin them hammers - I ain't no punk Wanna +Punk+ me? You better bring Ashton and cameras Heh.. would you blow that whistle? At a hoe that dissed you, or that clique crew that you that'll stiff you, like a Kodak picture Please don't depend on the short arms of the law Naw, niggaz be goin crazy waitin for they day But me I know what time it is like Flava Flav, hey Pimps, pussy and power, police, pitchers and hitters The streets, religion, ballers, all of 'em getcha getcha if you don't [Royce Da 5'9"] Yes, niggaz be lookin awfully hard to the car Bein coughed out while I be Heimlich-ing off The kind that'll knock the primer off the side of your car The kind that'll bang the triangle off your garage When it sound off, y'all'll be talkin to God Cause y'all are soft inside, you had to be bossin up So I had to be bossin you down, talkin hard 'til I blow you across the street like a crossing guard Ha.. I will blow that whistle Leave your brains all over the ho that's with you Leave you layin all over the flo' that's with you Leave your name all over the flow that fits you This is for you and whoever you sold that shit to I'm the soldier with the fo'-fo' that hits you Pimps, pussy and power, police, pitchers and hitters The streets, religion, ballers, all of 'em getcha getcha if you don't [Royce Da 5'9"] M. (blow dat whistle) I. (blow dat whistle) C. (blow dat whistle) Young Vishis (blow dat whistle) Young June (blow dat whistle) My nigga Cash (blow dat whistle) Nottz raw (blow dat whistle) My nigga K (blow dat whistle) Ha.. to my niggaz out West (blow dat whistle) To my niggaz out East (blow dat whistle) To my niggaz in the South (blow dat whistle) To my niggaz up North (blow dat whistle) To my niggaz in the middle (blow dat whistle) Yes, I will blow that whistle Yes, so don't go there with me Yes, I will blow that whistle Yes, so don't go there with me Yes, I will blow that whistle Yes, so don't go there with me.. {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Blade Icewood, Ingrid Smalls, Jay Black Album: Independent's Day Song: Chips on Pistons Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [intro skit for first 43 seconds] [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Blade) Yeah, yeah When the rubber band pops from the top of them stacks Mami drop them tops 'fore them dollars go back in my pocket or the trunk of the black Impala where the pump just sit for them punks who trip But besides that life's good  yeah This my nigga Blade right here (you could call me Icewood) [Ingrid Smalls] + (Royce) Icewood? (Icewood) I could go home wit'chu baby if the pipe good {"Sayyyy whaaaaat?"} [Royce Da 5'9"] We get a whole lot of scrilla, fo'-fives is wit us Whole flight can fill us, Globetrotter nigga When you see a plus sign in front of like twelve numbers on your cell, that's me callin to tell you that I ain't at home (yeah) I'm witnessin the midnight sun in Finland with the big row bone With six different funds Coronas, pesos, zeros, the list goes on We send henchmen to wet ya In between trips to the Philippines with strippers wit us Bet chips on Pistons, gassed off 'Sheed (yeah) Yellin pass the ball to Rip and Billups Mami, is you wit us? [Chorus: Jay Black] If you got love for me, then do your little dance for me Turn that ass around (turn around) and keep doin what you dooooo If you got a thang for me, then do your thang for me Turn that ass around (turn around) cause you've got it comin [Blade Icewood] + (Ingrid) Turn that ass 'round, ma you know I'm a clown Throw a little money 'round, do my dance to the sounds Worth a whole lotta cash, so you know I got the pound on me Yeah dance for my homie (damn what's the nigga name?) 5'9" (5'9") [Royce Da 5'9"] Pimp game got it goin from the first line Chain plenty hang time, yeah [Blade Icewood] G-4 plane flyin, '05 Range drivin If the deal ain't lease ten mil' I ain't signin Heard she can make it do the "Nolia Clap" It's Mr. Blade Icewood the new king of rap I got these shots for you haters (c'mon) Tell the waiters bring the shots, use the liquor to motivate her to hop up in the whip, before she leave the lot Got my dick between her lips; hand between her hips On some freaky shit, yeah ain't know I did it like that She thought it was all rap 'til she screamin on her back Playa, we send henchmen to wet ya In between trips to the Philippines with strippers wit us Bet chips on Pistons, gassed off 'Sheed Sayin pass the ball to Rip and Billups Mami, is you wit us? [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, we hit-makers with acres We hit Vegas with chips major, we can't just ball like the usual team, we stay whylin Up the challenge, fuck it, tear up the palace Fuck with, nothin but them trucks with, halogen lights Did bad in his life, them cuts and calluses In the G-4, in a suit, eatin souffl In the seat big, get your coupe, nigga go play [Blade Icewood] Hey come over here! Well you can have it your way, blow cabbage all day Ice, everywhere, bought it from all yay This ain't no spaceship, gave the Rover a facelift Lift the fifth to my lips while she movin her hips Yeahhh  side to side, I decide when the time is right for us to slide We ain't even at the mansion yet, the panty's wet That's how you feel off a pill, why you panickin? Go away The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Ingrid Smalls, June Album: Independent's Day Song: Fuck My Brains Out Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Ingrid Smalls] Right there, right there? Right there, right there? [Royce Da 5'9"] It goes up, down, side to side That's how a real bitch ride, ride With the whole thing inside, side (Ahh, ahh) Don't be shy Boom, show you where the liquid is Blow and your lipstick smears Lick that tip that meet mine then you might meet my liquid kids You don't gotta pay your physician big And put that glaze on your glistenin chin What? Baby I'm listenin I know what your favorite position is I know I'ma lick that if I have to Hit it like a pack of zigzag wrappers Hit it from the back then give it back to her in the mouth then give a bitch a tic-tac after [Chorus: Ingrid Smalls] I, wannnnt you, fuck my brains ouuuut I, wannnnt you, sweat my weave ouuuut (mmm) I, wannnnt you, fuck my brains ouuuut (just like that) I, wannnnt you, sweat my weave ouuuut (yeah!) [June] No mistake, June the great Fucked the most hoes at Michigan State Technique should be in the textbook Love to have the ones that like to look at their reflection, while we're sexin Wanna smoke while we fuck? No question Bitch yeah, is it cool for three? Cause two girls just don't do it for me, I'm a beast Hit it from the back, let me grab her ankles Thumb's in the asshole, take the pain slow Jump back on that cock, keep rockin Hundred milligram pill, bitch no stoppin Keep poppin, energy droppin Neighbors complain, say we too loud often Another world - you love it Don't you? My favorite nasty girl [Interlude: man talking] Yeahhh bitch, yeah take this sugar dick bitch Take it, yeah, take this jackhammer You ain't know I had that jackhammer, did you? Yeah say M.I.C. bitch, say Vishis Call me Vishis bitch, yeah (Vishis! M.I.C.!) [June] It goes up, down, once again I fuck and make hoes confess they sins Gotta make sure what's ya age again Wish she had me on tape to show your friends Have a king size bed when I fuck hoes over three times after sex I don't even wanna smell your breath My roommate peeps in And uh (what's happenin) we both hit that again [Royce Da 5'9"] Get 'em in a rental, get 'em in a Range Give a nigga brain; let my nigga watch, keep him entertained It's a wonderful thing Don't you go gettin all sentimental with game, let a nigga bang Ride the Titanic Most niggaz go from small to large, I go from wide to gigantic Let a nigga call in As soon as I'm caught in, I'ma try to make a nigga fall in Dig a deeper hole in it when I hit it Put her on feet patrol, send her to the sto' Never let her tell a nigga "no" Ceiling or the flo', you dealin with a crimin-iminal The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Independent's Day Song: Independent's Day Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, yeah Well it's the uhh, uhh, abbrevia-ated letter Associated with meta-metapho-phores and cheddar cheddar The C.O.D., the P.O.P. The "cash on delivery" at the "point of purchase" - don't I be workin? Heaven and hell is standin next to you at the same time Cuttin into your playin time, keep playin (playin) Most of my predictions is speculation based on the patience I've developed hustlin, racin this check I'm chasin (chasin) Sellin mixtapes to them albums from 30 to 50 thousand (wow) It ain't no problem, I got it, my following got me (got me) Long as I continue to spit poems to send you niggaz back to the L-A-B; I'ma be sellin out venues Be out at them venues, sellin that merch' Shippin CD's overseas nigga we sellin that WORK The Escrow crew - just ran by the petro man select don't know who the check go to [Chorus: Royce] Round here here.. round here, round here Round here they call me independie Cause of how independent my pen be Movin on that paper, movin that paper Uhh, uhh, round here, here, here Round here they call me independie Cause of how independent my pen be, uhh We be on that paper like ink on that paper, uhh [Royce Da 5'9"] You can call it the quickest winter, the unstoppable summer The opposite of the apocalypse comin to popular Wanna be poppin this gun he about to be doin some old impossible Three-6 Mafia numbers, each quarter like the Beach Boys or the Beatles, the Parliament globally callin the shots explodin 'til 'Pac, roll all the way over Respectfully hate me, you best to behave I'm seven dollars a record makin heftier pay Can you realize platinum artist buck by buck, is that what you say? 200 thousand sold compared to the average platinum rapper couldn't afford, what I blow, on all my taxes Cause I own, my own masters - own, my own catalogue Ain't tryna be old talkin 'bout "Oh, I had it all" So it's mo', money mo', albums - add 'em all The scanner that seal is the reason I feel like a man of steel still standin cause I'm still scannin [Outro: Royce] Y'know I always like to say that, this album is like a median between "Death is Certain," and "Rock City" But along that way, I manage to find my independence So that's where we at right now Royce Da 5'9", "Independent's Day" Whattup Broady, you know'm talkin 'bout Broady? Niggaz act like I ain't know they ass as I want to These units will move, I will be on that TV screen I will be ridin through a hood near you Gettin some attention from yo' bitch, hahaha M.I.C., oh yeah and we comin back again this year too We not gon' be sittin out for long periods of time no more So be on the look out for "July 5th" Comin soon to a motherfuckin store near you Round here, here, here.. "Let me see, two words to sum up my name in reality Growth and patience, y'know they work hand-in-hand with each other but at the same time they both deal with movin forward I just try to keep some bits about myself 24 hours a day Y'knowmsayin? I been through a lot And if it's one thing I can say that I learned, it'll be stay bossy I'm a boss, boss, boss.." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Royce Da 5'9" Album:	Independent's Day Song:	Meeting of the Bosses Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com [Verse 1] The soldiers, the hitch men, fightin for the dough Allow me to give it to you, right from the door Walkin through the steps of the rise and the fall hall Of an empire, coming to the floor Through the wire like eight on a string Where they gon' sting ya when it comes to that cold Soldiers, hoes in, vultures lurkin Lookin for that work in Hopin, they could make a couple dollars Off another mothafuckin bloody murder It's the problem but no hoe, it's the quality of knowin that the part of gettin dough, is you can't be out of control If you gets in the way of my paper, by my skyscraper We can chunk it, long as you ain't crossed that line You can put me on the phone with your boss, we could squash it [Chorus: repeat 2X] It's the meeting of the bosses, meeting of the bosses Why don't you tell them lil' niggaz, beat it we talkin Meeting of the bosses, meeting of the bosses Tell them lil mothafuckers, shut up, we talkin [Verse 2] Huh, over weed, over yay, over not bein paid When he say he gon' see you Pethy ass niggaz, them pathetic ass bitches YOu could let 'em grab dick, they'll never have shit In this world, when you niggaz gon' learn it That some of these wars, at the point of no returnin Some of these boys, at the point of no concernin Some of these courts, at the point of no ajournin How many cars can you run up on before somebody wanna war, ain't nobody wanna talk Hit you in the die hard, niggaz mom's calling Involvin the law hard Cross taped up to the chest Enemies fuckin with them boys for protection If it's only one boss in your squadron Then me and him need to be the only once talking [Verse 3] Huh, all you have in this world is your word Your gat and your guts, that and your nuts Aint no backin you up, ain't no after you gone The pastor of the church nigga, that's when it's on The path that you own nigga, that's where you goin Clap if you want homes, and your ass gone Now you finally gotta kill But the snowball is rollin down that hill Accumulatin size, by the time it arrives At the bottom of the hill, it be count as homicides And avalanches for the ambiance outside you Countless mamas cryin, sisters goin Boo Boo Niggaz killin 'cause of what they true to Who's the villian here nigga, tell me what would you do Huh, keep it goin, talk shit, squash it You gon' have to talk to the bosses The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:	Royce Da 5'9" f/ LA the Darkman Album:	Independent's Day Song:	Paranoia Typed by: peterg4life@hotmail.com Call it Paranoia. Yea Every day is war. Every day, niggaz is gon' hate Gotta move [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm a walking target I'm so far from soft, I'm probably close to the hardest nigga you ever saw, been never thug, never had a problem And the shit he never starts, sickest artist there ever was Nigga found dead in his house, don't know who did it Yea, you bet it was me, niggaz die at the pavement I'm wavin a nine out of the window and blazin Is your house shakin who's inside nigga, it's funeral time nigga They die from straight hits, pride wasted Cry your face, I ain't your suit and your tie Now look what you made us Look at the witnesses, all of them look shakin And alls they seen was the back of a green car with the plate flipped Look at the news, I did it without puttin a hit out own You homies in chrome, watch that nigga [Chorus: Royce] I got my back, because it's my gat And my mouth that *Started the War* Lookin around me, got a gun on my lap while I'm drivin, taking the back routs *Home* If your headlights is in my rearview For longer than three lights, and I don't know you I'ma pull over, And I might shoot you You should go around me, and don't look at me 'Till after you pass me, cuz I might blast you nigga *I'm at war* I'm Paranoid, always on point Always holding nigga, always sober. Call it paranoia [LA the Darkman] In your bushes, on the side of your house Waitin to smoke you when come in from hangin out Friday night, perfect, I timed it just right I know you at the club cuz your car is nowhere in sight I'm like the DC sniper, Mr. Malvo Strategically precise when I squeeze the cali-co You look like a asshole, full of shit Niggaz sure to get hit, when my fo-fo spit Black shirt, black jeans, black boots, black whip Black mask, paif of black leather gloves for my grip I don't need no print, a killer with a plan Makin sure I dont get, gunpowder on my hands All drama I'ma end it, murder game splended Leavin all crews for the fucker in forensics I got, two dependants, I gotta make it home Clean get-away, two bullets through your dome Is locked nigga. [Chorus] - La the Darkman [Royce Da 5'9" - spoken word] And that's just how the story goes y'all Any nigga where I'm from already knows Funny, my homie cuz said niggaz gon' bring you a bowl of soup when you sick But if you die, then gonna love you later Think you a fuckin statue or some shit God bless these streets, God bless these streets right now I'ma just be doing my thing so maybe, you know, I could show you how Don't come lookin for trouble, cuz you just might find it Don't stand too close to me, I'm always on point, never blinded The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Juan, K-Doe Album: Independent's Day Song: Lay it Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: K-Doe] Let me up in this bitch! Yeahhh, sup Royce? Dirty Glove Entertainment in this motherfucker Let's go! (Karma side, karma-karma side) Where you from nigga? (Karma side, karma-karma side) Where you from nigga? (Karma side, karma-karma side) What? (Karma side, karma-karma side) [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, I done shot a couple tools, I done got a couple fools in a lot of scuffles in war, I got a couple wounds I've learned not to play it just to play it just to burn I've learned not to say it, just return Better spray it, let the metal blow I ain't never scared but I'm way too paranoid to let it go That's why you can find me in your bushes with them blammers Seein footsteps from your grandma, ready pullin back them hammers I ride cause I'm skinny Somebody 'bout to treat me like I'm Santa when I slide down your chimney with them semi-automatics or the Deserts with the heads with the hollows in the bag like a present for the kids with the mask and the beard and the belly, who you red Leave you dead, witnesses lookin like it ain't no tellin who it is I'ma ride, I ain't tryin other ways I'ma kill just to live just to die another day, hey O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Karma side) O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Yeah I said it) O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Karma side) O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Hey) O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Karma side) O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Yeah I said it) O.P., I'm from O.P.! (Karma side) O.P., I'm from O.P.! [Chorus: all together] Lay it down, lay it down - you hoes lay it down Lay it down, lay it down - the murder game down Lay it down, lay it down - don't let 'em play around Lay it down, lay it down - the murder game down [Juan] I done flipped a ton of thangs Lift a couple lames off they feet nigga flippin with the gauge Nigga plead; I ain't bitchin, I ain't 'fraid Where I'm brave like a muh'fucker pitchin at your brain Here the D - that's where I'm from, get done with this hundred-round drum, leave a nigga body slump Like spice to the wizard{?}, was straight off the mizzy When I stay on the grizzly, and I write with that kizzy What's beats? I'm a gangsta for real If I feel you a threat I make you pay me to live Royce hit me on that Nex' I send a gang to your crib with a pack of killer pitts, let 'em play with your kids No slice, no bangs, just bikes and shanks Hit that red rum down, you won't like the taste You shouldn't be playin all wild when your life at stake I get your man gunned down for his shiesty eighth Man it's the whole rundown dawg, I'm like a eight Street Lord gorilla fam take your life away What? My name Juan, I ain't tryin other ways I'ma kill just to live just to die another day, hey 7 Mile, I'm from 7 Mile! (Karma side) 7 Mile, 7, 7 Mile! (Yeah I said it) 7 Mile, I'm from 7 Mile! (Karma side) 7 Mile, 7, 7 Mile! (Hey) 7 Mile, I'm from 7 Mile! (Karma side) 7 Mile, 7, 7 Mile! (Yeah I said it) 7 Mile, I'm from 7 Mile! (Karma side) 7 Mile, 7, 7 Mile! [K-Doe] Yeah, yeahhhh, what! I done flipped a couple bricks, I done hit a few licks Even downed a couple hits, can't speak on this shit But the case got dismissed And I looked at the snitch, blew his bitch ass a kiss Can't believe how the streets change, fears all on the 3-way He say she say, work on the highway Gotta do it my way, can't see myself caught That ain't what the hood taught, keep stacks in a vault Just in case a nigga talk, call my nigga J He said now I get it poppin off, 7 Mile niggaz wit me Couple K's of it strictly, evidently y'all can't get me It's a couple motherfuckers when they see you they gon' hit me (hello?) Shit, your head worth fifty And I know the {?} tempt me, niggaz bank account empty I'ma ride, I ain't tryin other ways I'ma kill just to live just to die another day, hey Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road! (Karma side) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road! (Yeah I said it) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road! (Karma side) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road nigga! (Hey) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road! (Karma side) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road! (Yeah I said it) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road! (Karma side) Joy Road, I'm from Joy Road nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Independent's Day Song: Yeah Typed by: mcsickscripts@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Scratched] "I'm the last emcee that's alive" [Verse 1] Nickle, nine, nine in the waistline Diss me fine, you won't be the first one Piss me off, you get done in the worst way I bring light to the night, put the sun in the earth's way Balls of the outlaw, hanging out the draws Of the dark blue house, y'all Standing and rambling with all of that mouth y'all Got hit, shot, with the cannon when I'm standing up and going all out for Phantom on opera, sitting in the Phantom In the parking lot, examining how I keep my name out y'all mouth I drop names like Game, but I don't mean say 'em I mean spray em, they drop [gun sound] ha I have a nigga blistering quicker then chicken pox In a box in a river sitting stiffer then six o'clock Knock, you can't see me, labels you can't sign me You can either Jay-Z me or JV me, get it? Yeah, nickle ain't going nowhere Yeah, I ask who want it, nobody Say, Yeah, hoes that used to be like no Going Yeah, somebody, anybody Say, Yeah, my niggaz in the back of the spot Like, Yeah, bitches up under the spotlight Like, Yeah [Scratched] I'm the last emcee that's alive [Verse 2] I'm the captain and the sergeant, the opposite of laws I'm the politics involved and with profit in the starving The model in the car means I told her Mami, if you hopping in this car then you gotta get me off I got Vicious with me, so you gotta get him off So, rinky dink labels still trying to make me offers You don't wanna tear me off, you will only scare me off I'm a boss, hear me out, gimme every office Each and every artist y'all got, I want 'em So run em, they don't wanna fuck wit me then I'll gun 'em So don't get me started Cuz lately I been on my Black Eyed Peas and Q's and it's gon' "Get Retarded" Fees for shoes, Ivizu jeans breezing through Leaving your team green and blue Only thing, the thing to do Only thing, this ain't no dream homie, this whole theme is true, get it? Yeah, nickle ain't going nowhere Yeah, I ask who want it, nobody Say, Yeah, hoes that used to be like no Going Yeah, somebody, anybody Say, Yeah, my niggaz in the back of the spot Like, Yeah, bitches up under the spotlight Like, Yeah [Scratched] I'm the last emcee that's alive [Verse 3] Yeah, weeding out static, holding what I would rather have And not need, then need and not have it Me without gats is like me without battling Beef without blasting, P without Havoc The born again rapper, sitting on enough classic tracks That could fill up a 40 gig Apple I-Pod, I'm God, all bets I'm down like the rest I'm wild, yes Plus I'm a teacher, niggaz play hard But I'm way harder cuz I can keep it up like Levitra Big dick, I could fit you up my urethra Sick spit, like I musta been touched by Jesus Like I musta been groped by a diva Or fucked by a model, nope, you ain't been approached by either You standing where ya mans is at I'm on stage, getting paid controlling where y'all hands is at, get it? Got it Yeah, nickle ain't going nowhere Yeah, I ask who want it, nobody Say, Yeah, hoes that used to be like no Going Yeah, somebody, anybody Say, Yeah, my niggaz in the back of the spot Like, Yeah, bitches up under the spotlight Like, Yeah [Scratched] I'm the last emcee that's alive The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam Song: Hit 'Em Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Intro [DJ Premier speaking] Yo Royce. The gloves is on? Don't play around with these motherfuckers. It's time to... [Royce] (Statik Selektah) Hit 'em. (It's the Bar Exam) Hit 'em. (Royce Da 5'9") Hit 'em. Go Verse One: 5'9" stand back he about to blow Snatch your hoe, let her go she about to blow That fo fo that he's holdin' is about to blow I thought I told you motherfuckers it's over Bliiiiiiip Stick up I got the gats out grindin' Give me any kinda Preme track I rap out rhymin' And bliiiiiip Switch up, turnaround and rap bout diamonds Tell the underground I'm shinin' I'll be back I promise What you lookin' at dog? Your boy is fire The more time goes by his nose gets higher Plus he been pushin' that bar He knows what he wants He'll fuck a Pussycat Doll before he retires It's all about black and white It's like a piano The white and black cards you dealt  Life is a gamble You might rap hard today like you an animal Then suddenly, tomorrow you gay, like The Sopranos I done seen it all Lyrical niggas who dumb it Down  For y'all niggas to sing along and still do nothin' You simple like the ABC's, is y'all countin'? You like a caption at the bottom, with the ball bouncin' 5'9" stand back he about to blow Snatch your hoe, let her go she about to blow That fo' fo' that he's holdin' is about to blow Preme tell 'em who it is just so that they know "Royce Da 5'9" - DJ Premier Hit 'em "Just a young nigga caught in the mix" - dead prez Hit 'em "It's rugged and underground" Hit 'em "You can't run no games" - Xzibit Go! [Verse Two] 5'9" crystal clear Pistol in here You disappear and soon as I shoot it if you appear You see it clear if I appear to be clutchin' a shottie The butt on the gun is bigger than Buffy The Bodys I go upside your head with it and fuck up the party Oooh, I make your ass loose those couple Bacardis The 40 long came along with a couple of bodies I know a couple Corrleones, a couple of Gottis My story long nigga, I stay deep in the drama I get my Maury on nigga and sleep with ya momma I done did wifes, did dimes Did niggas in when the tripped  Cause they found out the kids mines Blew the tec off Drew the column up on who the best  Put himself, Nas, Jay on it and moved the rest off I'm a +Gang+sta as well as a +Star+ Put 'em together and you caught me pickin' up where Guru left off 5'9" stand back he about to blow Snatch your hoe, let her go she about to blow That fo' fo' that he's holdin' is about to blow Preme tell 'em who it is just so that they know The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam Song: Royce Is Like Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] Well, nothin left to do but rhyme circles around niggaz Huh, Preme? (Huh?) [Royce Da 5'9"] Allow me to put it in perspective, check this Bullets in the Tec shit, spinnin and the bullet in your chest is best shit, meddlin what else niggaz peddlin Cause you sellin records around here is irrelevant Allow me to tell you to bow whenever you around me I'm proud cause God endowed me intellegent Look up in the sky and crown me the now regal She go, down, her knees are now eagle Either my gun gon' bang or I'ma come harder I run water on y'all lames, I run for ya Y'all wanna be the kings of rap, my son's smarter I'd rather run some game on one of Run's daughters The Mike Vick or the Kobe Bryant with this one I'm past the past and homie Ryan, I just run The +Last Action Hero+ that the public awaits took it past rappin so perhaps I can govern yo' state I'm Akinyele, I act belly So +Put it in Your Mouth+ while I talk on the celly pushin a black L-E I'm Makaveli, my body's in the back of a deli Holdin a cordless frozen with the volts in swordfish Lyin with a couple of corpses Biggie and Ghandi, my city's behind me, others enforce it In the Phillipines blacken out on mics, yeah Like I'm livin in a dream actin out a nightmare Whatever I'm sayin's real Shovel the bullshit y'all throw on the game is how I level the playin field Y'all got to feel me Momma had to make me, God got to kill me Y'all would have to basically put me up on a cross, split my flows up Call on the Bible and let 'em lift my soul up Oh my, true, amen and such The liaison between the most high and you Uncle Paul the +Bearer+ of bad news, the era of unified armor Beware of the suicide bomber The way he shoots the cannon He competin with the reaper, he will take you then vanish Make you understand it Shots be poppin off bilingual, 'bout to call me Jess in Spanish I keep calm, I keep my piece on I'm like, Ice T, I keep a bleach blonde I'm like, Spike Lee I keep the floor seats so it's sweet Y'all might not like me but no need for response My recon's ghostly, we prime Real estate of the minds cause we signed and re-signed They say I'm at the end of my time like Esham My emergency brake's re-called like Nissan Peace y'all I'm out, niggaz I'm 'bout figures But before I leave I hope you don't doubt there's a deep calmer that's around in me Like I'm a drug dealer plugged into the weed farmer Rap NATO, plus blastin, that's fatal You do the math and you'll have mashed your last 'tato The big empire go within fire The boss is so high on top it's a kickstand by him I am, Ryan the giant spit inspire I kill the supplier then I'm peelin the hitman hirer I flow like none, you blow like guns You hoes is polite as the soul of a {?} none I'm like a Glock beam, I'm usually unseen 'Til I wanna be seen, that means one thing So I, know I, be havin fun bein a show out I keep my guns clean with sunscreen I'm so hot Petrified, ain't ya? Shook to death, ain't ya? Bitch niggaz know you told you I'm a stranger I ain't seen fear, don't even know what it feel like I'm out of Vice City, the nigga hood in real life Caddy-ass niggaz'll get it, I pay the cost to put you away while I'm golfin, look, now I'm flossin I drive the ball then yell "war" I mean yell "fore" right before I unveil the pale horse Cock on sight, orgy or the duel We doin like hoes or fo's, who will we ruin? Askin each other to answer answered questions Then forgets that I'll do 'em again I guess But you ain't gotta be dumb to go it I'm too old to show that I'm too blowed but too young to blow it Anytime it comes to showin I runs the show when it comes to flowin I go and becomes the poet You know I, capitalize by blackin out on a rhythm I visualize the action and actualize the vision I don't have to rely on ambition to get my eye on them digits I see how I see then get right on my business Let me see, I'm finna choose  between losin and bein the pinnacle between eaten and eatin dinner food to bein interviewed, and squeeze into a closet with a couple of tennis shoes I call it bein defeated Miniscule amounts of dough in a dual account so your hoe can go on with you on an ounce Sold, rounds of bottles around her mouth There's bound to swallow countin all of them foundin fathers You choose, gettin brains or sniffin for the coochie scent 50 G's in the chain'll glisten with the Gucci print Basically how I move New York'll seem slow You hood rich, how I'm livin you're pork and bean pro I can't complain nigga I pimp the game You went to jail nigga I went to change Wipe off the smirk nigga we ain't the same You came to do dirt, I came to clean You drown from hunger, I sank from fame You shot through windows, I paints the pane I can't explain, nigga you ain't been trained The same way that I have so you ain't to blame If you ain't ashamed You came to swing nigga I came extreme, this is my claim to fame You claim the fame - I cop the jewel Right 'fore you cop the jewel after I change the chains You seem deranged, I got a thing for brains You flee from rain nigga I reign supreme You hang your keys up, I hang with Preme You claimin G's up, I'm claimin king I came to slang nigga you came to fiend When I'm playin arenas, you came to scream You came to bling nigga I came to shine You came to sing nigga I came to grind You came to bling nigga I came to shine You came to sing nigga I came to grind The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam Song: Gorilla Pimp Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah (Statik Selektah). Royce Da 5'9", Statik Selektah, my nigga Preme This is the Bar Exam. Gorilla camp nigga [Verse One] If you ain't callin' me king Fuck it the mayor will You think you fly Then you about as high as a Ferris wheel You not dope You like soap I'm like coke It's like comparing Clearasil to Seroquel But there is still too many things to name 'em all We ain't the same You niggas is dames in trainin' bras I get brain from bitches with big tits You got a dick with shit stains I hits the hangy ball That's the deep throat for niggas that don't get it It's so hopeless Bet they can only blow smokin' No jokin' I'm chrome kitted Whenever you see me ridin' Unless I'm in Hollywood, gold spoken My shit kicks the loudest My chick's kicks is Prada The big body Benz is sick Kicks is Bravis Switch out and tell the Impala To sit as high as a big dick toddler Bitch, get dollars I don't kick knowledge I quit college for hip hop If I get violent You probably should kick rocks Verbally vivid Lyrically clear Snitches shouldn't be murdered They should just be livin' in fear They should just be raped No homo My professional hit mens Will merk for me and they work pro bono New engine Too sickenin' Me and web Got the hood up on the block watchin' the new Pistons [Outro] Shout out to my nigga Will. This is the Bar Exam nigga Hip hop is alive. Royce just got out of jail The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam Song: Street Hop Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Woman talking] Nickel.  The M.I.C. bitch (Statik) You show off Verse one [Verse One] I've been a monster bitch My shit been bonkers The flow been conquered Hoes I been pompous (Smash Squad) I've been conceited but I don't 5-0 I haven't been shot up either and I ain't from Chicago When I enter the center stage the show's over Minutes later the floor is frozen, a Rolls, rolls up I'm demonstratin' a coke flow but I'm so sober The original +Renegade+ before Hova They like, "Damn, why ain't Dre ever get him? He seem like so much anger and pain represent him." Eminem himself will tell you I'm the only nigga livin' That done ever spanked him on the same record with him Your man's gettin' jealous  Cause what I'm spittin' is sicker than his single He got to think of a dance just to sell it This is street hop to the fullest To them real niggas out there on the corner beat boxin' with bullets Niggas that be trigger packin' Pop lockin' with glocks Could aim well enough to shoot the zippers off your Thriller jacket Me, I'm the illest rapper Since every rapper killin' From here on out, you can call me Shottie The Killer Capper These record labels just manufacture shit Like the pimp game homie, I'm here to snatch yo bitch Got a fist game on me that ain't an afro pick Try that ying yang on me, I'll handy cap you quick [Woman speaking] Verse two [Verse Two] Usually I play the two or three I been ballin' Bitch, losin' me is like the Piston's losin' Ben Wallace I'm to Detroit like what Souljah Slim is to Chopper City So losin' me is like musically losin' Pac or Biggie I'll be your ass, leave you with your mouth piece wired Losin' pounds in the hospital, be quiet Til you finally come up out that coma, boney Lookin' like somebody put you on the South Beach Diet If you hearin' me spit it, it's soundin' like the king died Trippin' when I kick it, it's soundin' like my strings tied I put the clip in and pull it And woof Woof Listen, the pistol is soundin' like Hakeem's bride And you don't wanna beef nigga cause my arm's be All through Cali and Miami like a palm tree My crew be In New York or New Jerz usually With tools to recognize you as who is you?  Excuse me You don't wanna fool with the etiquette or the Uzi I'll put you in the credits that's at the end of the movie I pity your mother She never seen you in a magazine For the obituary I give you the cover (Smash squad) So when I'm rhymin' with ya I'm Ving Rhames of the pimp game I play the same role as Tiny Lister Again and again The Debo of the type cast When I TiVo the mag they be showin' the white flag So sit at the table and get it like it's digital cable I torture you into talkin' to me till it get's fatal Fuck with you till I put you out of your misery With a silence or I'ma just muffle it up with a potato [Scratch Outro] "This is street hop" - Nas 'Made You Look' DJ Premier on the cut "Six July" on the beat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam Song: As Live as it Gets Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com "Trust me, I'm as live as it gets"  [Verse One] You never find a man in a jam You run up on me and squeeze off I'll probably speed off like Cam in a Lam For eight blocks and double back with the K cocked Spray a hundred hots ones with the arm that ain't shot C'mon get it Your head plugged like you've grown ? Just let 'em fuck with me like, I'ma bust like Jerome Bettis The sawed off man A haul off van And Put more metal in your mouth than Paul Wall can Nigga this is awesome I'm airin' out the clips  So please don't confuse me with Mulberry out this bitch Nigga show me a sign is how I decide war Fuck it, I shoot you through my own driver side door I'm here to warn you, you gon' see me In Phoenix Arizona pushin' NICO's GT Check for me [Scratching] "My saliva and spit, that split thread into fiber and bits So trust me I'm as live as it gets" - Royce Da 5'9" 'Boom' (DC on the beat) [Verse Two] Ooh boy you lookin' like you checkin' out the Davens I'm reckless with my weapons out, steppin' out the cabin You wanna check me in, cause you know that you a has been A couple of your hoes, in here rollin' with me laughin' Please nigga, try to take my mail you be dead I ain't took an L since I took an L to the head You fakin' we can tell The only thing you gettin' from me I'ma get you, only thing you takin' is a shell The shine of them 22's is beyond you funny dudes Besides My jewels, you couldn't pawn 'em if you wanted to So you can talk the hot ones Run up on the other side With that pump, I got no problem shootin' cross the shotgun I don't wear no seat belt When I put that peddle to the floor of that Medina I'm gonna probably make your feet melt You ain't gotta aim nigga You ain't got a chance Just a sloppy nigga poppin' at a million dollar man [Scratching] "My advice, quit talkin' it's over" Royce 5'9" "The best kept secret" "As live as it gets" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam Song: Go Gettem! Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] As we proceed!  [Royce] Yeah. Ayo, Statik Selektah [Statik Selektah] What up Royce?  [Royce]  You know how motherfuckas been like "Since that nigga Royce got back he's been focused than a motherfucka" [Statik Selektah] It's smash squad [Royce] God damn right. It's the Bar Exam niggas. Yeah, yeah yeah Yeah Verse One: I pack llamas  Come at me I react Osama You wack flow bomber You asshole, ask your momma Best known in the past for drama I got Pac's persona Topped with the mind of Barack Obama That's me Viva me at my leisure I be any ? ? on my Visa  Me and my skeezer My heat on the seat of vehicle, next to me rollin' My neck frozen like it's supposed to be in my freezer Rims and tires It's Tims and higher And nigga we don't rent we buy 'em And that's prolly why y'all scary Y'all dudes is punks cause y'all shoes on y'all coups and dunks Is all cheaper than Mulberry's On the contrary I'm back and I'm not stoppin'  Model on the back while I'm cat walkin' a crotch rocket We flier Cease fire We gonna keep ridin' till we need tires You prolly should keep quiet You niggas think that just because it's dope it's phony Since I'm God sent that you really supposed to stone me Cause I rhyme sick, that I won't put cheese up And put out hits, on niggas faster than Interscope and Sony Chorus: If they throw you in the cage what you do? Think about it Then what? Man up And then what? Get up out And then what? Go Gettem'! [x3] Welcome to the Bar Exam If he diss you in a rhyme what you do? Let him do it And then what? Let him drop And then what? Let him flop And then what? Go Gettem'! [x3] If he diss you in a rhyme what you do? Let him do it And then what? Let him drop And then what? Let him flop And then what? Go Gettem'! [x3] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam  Song: I'ma Let You Tell It Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com But I'ma let you tell it (Smash Squad) And you can ask me who's the illest around (Statik) But I'ma let you tell it Yeah, I can probably tell you my opinion on that But I'ma let you tell it (You show off) Don't ask me, "Who the illest MC?" I'ma let you tell it [Verse One] It ain't rocket science I know you ain't cock no iron I know who you run behind if them shots was flyin' I know who the crime, the crook, the lolly gag sets The rhymes, the book, the hookers who probably have sex The kinds, the shook ones, the pawns the rook And how the lines would look if I'm hooked to a polygraph test Call me papi, the best The answer to the solution to the problem in hip hop You copy the test I'm the cockiest catch You a throw You the treat at the end of my hook You the eaten You a hoe You seem to be about losin' There seem to be parts of my style  Lingerin' in your bowel movement I took the courage and built my Own company I own somethin' that's why I purchased the silk tie This is words to live by Watch your words Cause words trigger the trigger herbs get killed by Shut up it's two shooters Bet I can give you a tip Get a new whip And set up a new jeweler Get wet up this 2-2-1 Light up your head and exit your lip And sweat up your suit coolers All your teams involved in things That enter in your body and end all your dreams Enter in your shoulder Exit out your ass Hittin' every organ like a pinball machine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam Song: Keep On Pushin' Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com "Keep on pushin'" [x8] [Verse One] Coke rises, so high with no pride Wow, we all coppin', that's Blow time 0-5 was so live, but oh my God, we lost Cochrane That's mo' time At no time from 0-5 and backwards I'm happy we lost tears Cause we lost B.I.G.  And we lost Pac We not supposed to be rap beefin' but we all did Yeah, why do all have to be such a disaster? For the city, us and D-Twizzy hustlin' backwards I'd like To ask Eminem when the time's right Why did you shut down The Source before I got me my five mics? At least I got the Quotable I was just on the road with Proof At least I got some shows to do What you supposed to do is  Snatch up who's close to you and Someone who know what they doin' Pack up that car with that heat on and keep on "Pushin'" Doin' what you was doin' before "Keep on pushin'" If you know what you doin' it for "Keep on pushin'" If you at peace or you in a war "Keep on pushin'" Just make it through and the world is yours "Keep on pushin' Just make it through and the world is yours "Keep on pushin'" Just make it through and the world is yours "Keep on pushin'" Doin' what you was doin' before "Keep on pushin'" If you know why you doin' it "Keep on pushin'" [Bridge] It's just me and "Statik" With the blue pigs in the rear View mirror with the two cigs in the ear Like, Who cares? This is a new year Nigga we got somethin' to do here [Verse Two] 0-6 We gonna be comin' with mo' shit The most wicked We got something to prove here The coke fix is Back like crack  The 80's is at ya The only ink that's sicker is maybe the tattoo When them players is at you/achu  Blowin' they triggers You gone The only thing stiffer is maybe a statue C'mon He deliver like that stork He bring light to your porch He bring night and he ain't lightin' your torch His king sight just seems like Yao Ming's height He sees over He don't need to lean over He don't need to move you to see on He only will do it when he tell you to keep on... [Bridge] It's just me and (who?) Whoo Kid With the blue pigs in the rear View mirror with the two cigs in the ear Like, Who cares? This a new year Nigga we got somethin' to do here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam Song: Street Hop Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Woman talking] Nickel.  The M.I.C. bitch (Statik) You show off Verse one [Verse One] I've been a monster bitch My shit been bonkers The flow been conquered Hoes I been pompous (Smash Squad) I've been conceited but I don't 5-0 I haven't been shot up either and I ain't from Chicago When I enter the center stage the show's over Minutes later the floor is frozen, a Rolls, rolls up I'm demonstratin' a coke flow but I'm so sober The original +Renegade+ before Hova They like, "Damn, why ain't Dre ever get him? He seem like so much anger and pain represent him." Eminem himself will tell you I'm the only nigga livin' That done ever spanked him on the same record with him Your man's gettin' jealous  Cause what I'm spittin' is sicker than his single He got to think of a dance just to sell it This is street hop to the fullest To them real niggas out there on the corner beat boxin' with bullets Niggas that be trigger packin' Pop lockin' with glocks Could aim well enough to shoot the zippers off your Thriller jacket Me, I'm the illest rapper Since every rapper killin' From here on out, you can call me Shottie The Killer Capper These record labels just manufacture shit Like the pimp game homie, I'm here to snatch yo bitch Got a fist game on me that ain't an afro pick Try that ying yang on me, I'll handy cap you quick [Woman speaking] Verse two [Verse Two] Usually I play the two or three I been ballin' Bitch, losin' me is like the Piston's losin' Ben Wallace I'm to Detroit like what Souljah Slim is to Chopper City So losin' me is like musically losin' Pac or Biggie I'll be your ass, leave you with your mouth piece wired Losin' pounds in the hospital, be quiet Til you finally come up out that coma, boney Lookin' like somebody put you on the South Beach Diet If you hearin' me spit it, it's soundin' like the king died Trippin' when I kick it, it's soundin' like my strings tied I put the clip in and pull it And woof Woof Listen, the pistol is soundin' like Hakeem's bride And you don't wanna beef nigga cause my arm's be All through Cali and Miami like a palm tree My crew be In New York or New Jerz usually With tools to recognize you as who is you?  Excuse me You don't wanna fool with the etiquette or the Uzi I'll put you in the credits that's at the end of the movie I pity your mother She never seen you in a magazine For the obituary I give you the cover (Smash squad) So when I'm rhymin' with ya I'm Ving Rhames of the pimp game I play the same role as Tiny Lister Again and again The Debo of the type cast When I TiVo the mag they be showin' the white flag So sit at the table and get it like it's digital cable I torture you into talkin' to me till it get's fatal Fuck with you till I put you out of your misery With a silence or I'ma just muffle it up with a potato [Scratch Outro] "This is street hop" - Nas 'Made You Look' DJ Premier on the cut "Six July" on the beat The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam Song: Gone (Return of Malcolm) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Statik Selektah] This shit right here is called The Return Of Malcolm Don't take it too personal. Listen close [Royce] I feel like I'm at the height of my jump while y'all pivotin' While y'all visitin' I'm livin' here, ball in a year The hundreds and fifties in cheeseburgers The twenties is balled up You lookin' for singles they all in the air The hundreds of bitches that we murdered We ain't literally speakin' We just team up and we squirt all up in they hair Give us some coke and a promise Give us some nut in the throat  She suck till she spittin' up coconut vomit Get it? Pardon me miss I'm just fed up with the way the system is set up The shit that they had me livin' in prison was better Rhymin' perfection Is it a set up?  To give me a year in the county around the time of election? Or should I just shut up? Zip it or kick it? Try to get you to picture the vision Lyrically, this is my petition to picket Free me or, eventually see me The heat in my belt hangs an inch from my pee pee like a key to my cell To censor me is to censor my CD which inspires me  To spit what will eventually be the key to myself Times is changin' Everybody's Gods the same But they minds ain't  So I talk about they kind is dangerous Blacks against Affirmative Action sounds as insane  As the war in Iraq while Saddam is hangin' A dead man's a dead man Ain't two of a kind You can't break me I'm head standin' doin' my time It's nothin'  My crew bakin' my bread while I'm jail Had niggas buffin' my boots and makin' my bed Time will tell who down to bail If you gettin' down and how wild your arms will flail  When I bomb I unwind like I'm a spawn from hell The only shots you takin' are those that evolve from shells (The following name has been edited to keep the peace) Something is on your mind then nigga say it You scared? If I was tryin' to X you out then you know you'd be dead You need beef with me like you need a hole in your head You little Stone Throwers You signed-to-a-label-ass-niggas ain't sayin' shit till you own yours Whenever them triggers is buckin'  I got to write a label to Trojan requestin' them niggas to up it Cause my dick get bigger My balls get larger To a size that my drawers can't swallow For y'all it suicide The verbal amphetamine The ? is cold place, inserted with Ketamine Spoken, they pulsate Earthquake Houston we got a problem I'm settin' your turf straight Your troops I private piles 'em up The holocaust (cost) you pay is Hitler's Way You dis me, and get merked for Christmas But the curse if gift less I'm the first to spit shit From a podium Go to your local church to get this Y'all sell chickens I only serve the biscuit Leave your blood on the street You get curbed with blisters Chicken noodle soup your brains, let it rain And I clear it out All the vets say I'm official And you can ask Diddy But now that I'm doing time like Shyne Nigga I'll probably +Press Play+ on a pistol Political prisoner Got ammo around my torso like Rambo Banana around my waist like I'ma gorilla It's time to apply my pace now on the fo' rilla Bandanna around my face like dead prez [Woman's voice] Statik Selektah [Royce] Take a breather You are now ridin' with a flow the fliest Selassie inside  Who Jesus chose Who Hov inspires Extreme formula in this chess game Accept change You the king  We the queen corner a Best thing spittin' since a geyser The methane rhythm, it's supplier Written with the fire Doused by the best team  With him when he ridin' Out Cause the check flame when it get divided Bout Niggas livin' through decisions Learnin' ain't givin' you the business Quittin' is a privilege Suited at a funeral, killin' any witness Over dead prez's I'm here to view the digits Clearin' out the air space Pointin' out who ain't dead Gods gift to this world I'm going out with reindeer Comin' back and bang ya Leap Year is a thang of the past When I return and spring from my ashes Like a deranged angel Who came cause you asked But I ain't here to save you, I came for your ass It's sorta like the reaper Blowin' at your concert We write through the speakers Knowin' that it's God's work Rap is a prison that'll trap you in freedom The contradiction of your past The after you see Him I don't have to proceed with no master's degree To change the art I came and waxed the museum I saw, I conquered I paused my disc to do a bid So y'all can spit bout how you do it big Nigga is you grown or you a kid? You trash And don't make me blast  And turn your dome into a lid Open your mind Put led in your brain You dope for your time I'm ahead of your game The door's open And I'm in it I'm so focused You still focusin' And when I'm finished you gonna be hopin' it still opens Maybe I lucked up? Either I'm straight crazy or slavery got a nigga fucked up Eminem and Kramer The minimum will blame 'em The average nigga got the word spinnin' in they chambers The average nigga raised by the average nigga, aye It's the average nigga way  To say "nigga" with an "a" Riddle 'em and hit 'em with the K Let it speak when he fiddle with the trigger Let 'em kill 'em with the say Sodom or Gomorrah Which one are you the more of? Chevy's sittin' on 30's and 20's on the Saurus Fiendin' for that spot The money bout to burn a hole in my pocket So I got to extinguish that with a "Blao" Put it out with a Phantom Bring it out on the block With no driver Hoes, y'all wanna drive or not! I gotta peel the peddle  A lot of troops done died Why deal with the devil, knowin' I got a truce with God? Gotta peel the peddle  A lot of troops done died Why deal with the devil, knowin' I got a truce with God? I gotta peel the peddle  A lot of troops done died Why deal with the devil, knowin' that I got a truce with God? Nickel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: The Album Song: Heat to the Streets Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I'm illa rhyme spitter I am like an arms dealer I sell heat to the streets nigga C'mon Shine til I'm blind nigga Dime getter  I sell heat to the streets nigga [Royce] It's like nigga hate and we line up All of them in one place And we give them standing ovations  And I don't mean like Rhianna I mean, squeezin' that llama Dumb rappin', gun clappin', knee deep in that drama Bakin' like a salon(a) I'ma  Fight 'em like I'm in 'Nam(a) Night 'em like a pajama Bite him like a piranha Hok, spit on ya Honor [Kid Vishis] Kurt Cobain, suicidal You got the nerve of Nirvana Bullets touch men and women Just as quick as Madonna Little nigga I'll do to ya momma  What the KKK wanna do to Obama I just need one K I'm a repeat blocka Tear up your whole block [Royce Da 5'9"] The drum hold a hundred hot ones I'ma 5 comma  9 apostrophe ass nigga Spaz happy  slash colostomy bag giver [Kid Vishis] Slash the ass kicker Slash the last lyrical ass nigga Imperial swag C'mon [Royce Da 5'9"] Nigga know they don't want it with me I'm the gas mask To niggas that's runnin' on E High as a wavy neighbor I want my just due, two mules and 80 acres Lady Day to stretch her pussy out like baby labor The beefs embedded in me, I got fillet behavior I got the A.R.-itis [Kid Vishis] Pop, shady flavor I got gravy paper That means I'm on top That gun cocked is goin' down like Yung Joc I'm the 80's savior You want doe, I be the baker Cakes up, I oven haters I'm who made ya I'm Kobe Bryant Who care about the rest of you Lakers? Infiltrate the truth and expose what's left [Royce Da 5'9"] We the best haters Put you on respirators Put money on your head and up it like an escalator Page full of rhymes I'm about to lay the paper I do the labor, Keno do the day to day stuff The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: It's the New Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Team invasion Verse One: This ain't 'Ye it's more like Aids This ain't James it's more like a trade And you more like Wade And I ain't playin' I'm more like Cuban  Not the cigar, Mark, introduce him "It's the new" - Beastie Boys "Best rapper alive" - Jay-Z [x4] Naw This ain't Wayne It's more like Pain And I ain't talkin' bout with T dash in front I'm more like needin' rehab for months Hock and spew lyrics on Dr. Drew's spirit Until he has the mumps Drunk That's if I can put it in one word My niggas that ain't with all the drinkin', they want herb So even though the car plush The ashtray full of dark butts Like we rollin' up lookin' for Yung Berg Top off Bitch in the front  Domin' me up Till my rocks off Either that or she gonna get lock jaw Stop naw If she come up for air  I cut her off like Jesse Jackson with a hand on Barack's balls Awe Nigga it's me Jumper movie in the flesh straight from It-aly Five series, six series Benz's Fuck them little C's  I'm on some ole Maino shit Throw everything at you but the kitchen sink till I plug you It's goin' down I'm on some ole Draino shit I'm the Rich Po, not so The flow spells gospel Book you for a show and turn your hotel to hostel/hostile (It's an invasion) This ain't Luda, it's more like shoota Better yet, +Shot Ya+  Pac or Big Poppa? Chorus: "It's the new"  "Best rapper alive" [x4] Verse Two: This ain't Jay It's more like sprayed The kind that confuse kindness with polite play My bitch got two midgets in the bra And a nose like a vacuum She chillin' the Snow White way Fuck Forbes Fuck Money till they put some black heads them motherfuckers Like they come from pores Hip hop is alive My nigga come for yours I got the hood open, attached to jumper cords Alone in the mirror Rub a dub dub I ain't the game Even though I don't belong in this era I'm tryin' to take shit past Nas, Jay, Shady & Dre shit Shout out to the Doc I'm tryin' to find patience/patients Lookin' like I'm pacin' Like hello, say hello to me I elbowed my way into niggas conversations I don't write rhymes I commit death threats This my new name if you ain't guessed yet! Chorus Verse Three: Yeah, this ain't Fif It's more like a gift A bottle of Cris On side of a sip or a quality lick I'm the shit You try to be sick I be ridin' with silenced machine guns While you be tryin' to be Tip I'm still hood I move minus the bus pass Out with the poverty in with the new deluxe pad This black nina Told me I'm a black leader That's why I be preachin' like David Banner Minus the mustache  But I ain't runnin' from nothin' As long as rappers is runnin' They receive death from a sentence like capitol punishment The flows is mean I make a nigga lean Like putting the word "meth"  Up in between the words "pro" and "azine" Your bitch sprung right after my dick go fish I leave her numb like a tongue after a coke kiss I'm focused I spit madness You niggas is borin' You at a level orange with your bitch-ass-ness Plots is thickenin' And I care about rappers  Bout as much as I care to see Terrance and Rocski bickerin' Watch is sickenin'  Glocks is specifically hot I'm trippin'  Is you with me or not? Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: I'm Me Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Verse One: I got money on my mind That's why I'm twice on my grind I'm nice cause I rhyme like it's my life's on that line The second that I'm provoked, I snap Into a point that ain't controllable Then it's either war, or another quotable Don't let me get a hold of you dudes I'll murder you on camera, get Kelly's lawyer and get a mole removed I probably shouldn't have said that Fuck y'all On the record, off the record If I'm on the record I'ma off the record I need a push when I'm tired of rhymin' Go ahead and diss me  Cause me and George Bush got a lot in common We both got no sense, we love to go to war  And we stay lookin' for weapons of mass destruction This industry is Hilary Clinton literally listen You ain't got no choice now, roll with a nigga If you twisted enough to picture a devil mixed  With an angel that's sick Drunk inside a Range Ro that's this Wish I could stick  Every rapper in this bitch in the building Let 'em cipher while I fly a plane through that bitch Cause I hate y'all I'm tri-polar with the 8 ball I want you on my album I pull out the K and make y'all In case y'all Wanna share my light I'm gonna tell it like it is Fuck it, it's my Jeremiah Wright I'm a motherfuckin' problem  I don't care if y'all don't like Times three nigga I'm me nigga I'm me nigga Verse Two: Big dick, bitch, big balls We the kind that supply the rock like Chris Paul The same kind that aim 9's, insane conscious Then we get rid of +The Rock+ like Duane Johnson Lady killer The fly version of Orinthal  You ain't got no DUI's then you probably a cornball Wittiest If you call a labtop a laptop You sound like a scientist but you're probably an idiot Your stories ain't holdin' up Y'all niggas lyin' Got me thinkin', y'all is too young or y'all ain't old enough Niggas sayin', "When is Royce gonna stop beefin' with rappers?" Bitch, when hell freeze over and Wayne sober up By the way, fuck all DJ's I'm just kiddin' I just threw that in there to get y'all attention No intention of ever dyin' Nigga, life too sweet Two words for who don't like me "fight" and "me" I take care of my family They say, "Do the +Kid Rock+ like Pam Lee?" The answer is, "Yes". And I invest It takes money to make money So I make green off of green like Stan Lee Smart shit I ain't got beef with no Joe Budden Y'all niggas gonna get these niggas killed tryin' to start shit Niggas hire muscle cause livin' is a privilege The only rapper I admire for his strength is Xzibit I'm me nigga Verse Three: I kill you Right away Soon as you cross, go ahead, you got the right-a-way Give a nigga iron like vitamin Play I will ride up in broad day and night a nigga's day Drunk I'm a recovery outpatient You at the top you shot Your spot is now taken Psychotic is the ploy  How the fuck you rappin' and you gay And you've been spotted with a boy Like a dalmatian If I switch up I'd probably be instantly sellin' Got a clip full of pellets known as MC repellent While you talkin' about your money And how I can't have none of it I'll hit a nigga low  Just for the dag fun of it I'm never gonna lose Never lost and I'ma prove it Except for my virginity, but I was tryin' to lose it I be on some Tom Cruise shit Standin' on the couch in the club Laughin' bout my dime new chick She the shit But if you ask her she's useless I'm in the pocket got a rocket down under like Houston So I'm gonna keep being me And you should keep being you If being you offends me, indeed it's gonna be me & you But understand that if it's that It's either gonna be me or you So pump your breaks before I do you  Like a got a key to you Shut your power off I'm a G-A-N-G-S-T-R Yes we are I'm me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: I'm Nice Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] You can see Green Lantern is invading the airwaves He's invading the airwaves. Turn up the radio, turn up your radio I'm grindin' till I'm tired Cause you ain't grindin' until you die That's way I'm grindin' That's why I'm losin' my mind I spit through the day to get through the night God lord I'm the shit You niggas know I'm lethal I'm just wonderin' why You wanna think I'm nice What the fuck you niggas try to do tonight? Motherfucker I'm nice [Verse One] I don't need no ovation MC with no patience Diddy called me to write it when he needed rotation Went to his location Wrote it for no pay then Gave him my CD, while the streets was pulsatin' I guess my luck passed Yup, cause Puff passed Puff passed on me like the weed rotatin' No hatin' He must be eatin' way too much cheese cake If he think he can see an MC from his team take me That ain't a diss though It's just so frustratin' Makes you wanna go and shoot up stations Smack a DJ I don't like for nothin' basically If I should die tonight I done been to enough places Play some motherfuckin' Nas you bitch Quit ridin' dick Worryin' about Plies and Trick He's just nice Jesus Christ But this is God you get My new name should be Allah Who Spit My vibe is sick My CD in your car, bitch you ridin' with More hot shit in it then Roberts Get Lava Saliva I'm prob-ally in L.A. Gettin' into some head like a Dodger's fit We oppo-site Let's be Frank like Sinatra Shit I'm the illest nigga out this bitch I'll empty every bullet out this clip Don't doubt this I'm on fire nigga Who gonna douse this? [Verse Two] We are not the same but I'm not a martian I'm an arson I ride around drama startin' I bet you niggas won't be wolfin' when that llama barkin' Cause you can get the picture with some milk behind the carton What's beef? I play it one way Violate on Sunday get annihilated Monday (I'm nice) You niggas is actors What are you recordin'? I leave you bleedin', lyin' on the cuttin' room floor then Listen to Joe Budden say, "I fell the fuck off" But he ain't never fell on, I'm just gonna ignore him Make a nigga extra famous after I warn him Don't jump You as gay as Greg Louganis into that water You don't want it You can either have a nice afternoon Or you can have your family do the mourning/morning Nothing can stop us Fly when nothin' can top us Been hustling hip hop since I went and fucked with the Doctor I know I sound high But I will break you Do you like a cup at the opera? No thank you Nigga I ain't buyin' them wolf tickets you sellin' I'm an artist, here's my pen Bury it with Magellan Nigga who is you tellin'? I know when I'm nice Life is a gamble I roll like I loaded my dice My flow is my life My talents just go with my pipes That phantom on them 20 20's and so is my sight The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Trick Trick Album: The Album Song: We Deep Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Trick Trick] Nephew, these lil' faggot pussy-ass bitch-ass niggaz think they wanna do somethin with us~? What they wanna do with the D? [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] All you gotta do is say my name I make the gun sing (sing) like (ooooh) You don't want it, I'll have you niggaz bleedin Layin down hurtin on the corner like (owwww) Close yo' mouth, before yo' mouth (ooooooooh) Gets you into somethin with them Detroit niggaz WE DEEP! [Royce Da 5'9"] C'mon with that, the throne's intact We the reason niggaz gotta buy they own shit back Thirty niggaz spit black in this bitch strapped Foul-mouth niggaz get a clip, full of tic-tacs (woooo!) Mr. Porter's sick track, Trick Trick back This that, riff-raff, tell your bitch lick that Alcoholic ass clique, this a big frat Cross the line when we steppin it's gon' be click-clack {*blam*} Niggaz fakin, they throwin them hissy fits They make us start but they ain't makin out like ya boy and his kissy bitch 'Til they get taken out like your boy do his prissy bitch My high price laywer's still hood like a Dickie fit My words like a fo'-fo' on page Hold on, you gon' collapse like JoJo on stage If you, ever fuck around with me I'll lift you It's however you want it long as I ain't gotta ride wit'chu! [Trick Trick] Okay, Trick... The godfather and the king of the D Leavin these niggaz slept butt-ass naked like they was sleepin with me You lil' bad mouth faggot-ass lil' boys I was bustin seven-six-two's, when you was playin with toys {"Transformers!"} Hahaha - G.I. Joe Motherfucker you like playin games, well see I don't I like, givin the order for distributin the satchel Denyin allegations that I was the one that got you FUCK 'EM! Kill 'em all and let the Lord sort 'em out Duct tape, covered with lines and board up the house Go on nigga run yo' mouth, and go out of place But hide yo' momma, brothers and sisters cause nobody's safe I paid mine a long time ago, you ain't seen dues I got a family that'll knock these bitches out of they shoes So listen to a professional, we'll get the best of you And run a gas truck through the center of yo' position, nigga! [Royce Da 5'9"] Show me some respect, or get your shit checked You act dry then you probably gon' get your shit wet I ain't tryin to be Big, give me a big check Then spit tecs, split up the team like DipSet [Trick Trick] Okay, see these niggaz rollin deep in a truck Got the world sayin Detroit niggaz skeetchy as fuck! Takin niggaz shit for nothin, but if you say somethin Fully automatic double clips I'll be dumpin [Royce Da 5'9"] Dumpin, boy we hot, look at the dough we got Broke, no we not; he spoke then you know he's shot Slug him with forty shots, the proof is my porty pot My crew startin shit like your boy 40 Glocc [Trick Trick] You niggaz worry about me you better worry about sweets Goon Squad, M.I.C., controllin the streets Fuck with niggaz that take bread for heads, cocaine slangers Fuck you lil' sissy-ass MySpace gangbangers (hohh!) [Outro: Royce] Geah, Goon Squad Crip ass Motherfuckin M.I.C. gang ass Street Lord Mafia ass niggaz Y'all niggaz come here you better call somebody Trick, me, Juan Call one of the bosses The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 2 Song: Let the Beat Build Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Mob affiliated baby, like I'm a Gotti Llama by me, I rhyme like I'm some kind of kamikaze I'm the head of this rap shit I got a lot of back like Buffie Trust me, plus, I'm The Body  I'm the God You Superman than I'm the czar I don't rap, I commit lyrical homicide Make niggas feel like they on the set of Amistad I got it locked You at a funeral if I'm a cry You wanna see some real shit? Look at me around the eyes I'll turn your previous status into a now demise Whoever sleepin' on Nickle I spit formaldehyde Write your whole album high Or drunk, it's what I advertise They say I ain't blew up  Because of sabotage And that I put too much time into eatin' rapper guys I'm still hungry These niggas ain't even appetizers After I'm finished eatin' them, I have an after artist I have to call you retarded You think you half the artist I am I ain't Lyin' Tryin' Buy him? C'mon my nigga He's the seller  If he gets any flier he's gonna need propellers This rap shit is his house In fact he's the cellar The underground is his sanctum boy He's a dweller He only go up them stairs when it's time to eat Niggas go mute whenever it's his time to speak You wanna locate my mind Look in the lost and found And happy Bar Exam 2, it's the thought that counts I call these rap niggas crunk cause they talk and bounce That money stay on my mind, like my thoughts can count Ill, he's ill, he's still sick Me and Shady patched it up we about to rebuild bitch Detroit about to rebuild bitch Proof, Dilla, Blade Aye C'mon man I does this Toss dirt on the mud slingers Sleep in a dug ditch I'm a motherfuckerin' walkin' Christmas The evidence is Royce You don't bet against The Presence/present in Detroit But you can't put me in a box Cause you gonna need a bigger bow I'm a huge gift I got the game in a figure four I'm made so I shoot ya Cause money beat cases Detroit stand up, let's make way for the future The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Canibus & Elzhi Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Royal Flush Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Royce talking] Yeah, Bar Exam 2 nigga. It's a motherfuckin' holiday bitches [Verse One] [Canibus] Bar Exam 2 I landslide you to lava below Gotta stance nigga flow How bars? How far can you go? Only as far as the mind Canibus and Royce 5'9" Bar Exam 2, spit a rhyme A miniature version of me, told me he wanted to MC I told him, "Be careful who you be." He said, "I'ma just be me." I said, "Yeah, I see. But you don't understand what I really mean." Look at the manifest list It got my name down A bald head for the cool crown How you like me now? I terrorize rap music What manner of creature could do this? Canibus stupid Retarded, autistic artists You click, perfects target Staff Sargent Canibus talkin' I would not let off the gas Traverse it through San Stone's past The Ripper spills whiskey from a flask [Verse Two] [Elzhi] I toke green, blowin' out smoke screens Poke queens, leave them with soaked jeans You're the definition of what "joke" mean I'm star status Like glowin' lights throughout the far stratos- -Phere, it's clear who repertoire that is Pursue whites and fuck a shoe price My cheese outgrew mice I'm too nice, cut through slice, I'm seein' you twice The lead pacer Been makin' moves like Speed Racer Indeed tracin' line that fucks with your mind like a weed lacer Try and boast, ain't lyin' close, so what I diagnose  I could fry and roast any guy till they applyin' ghost Pee on peons beyond eons  Till there's neon Klingons Close encounter of the three kinds  You may fall, I'm AWOL, my heaters will spray y'all And put you in a hole like Robert Peter to pay Paul I could give a fuck Got a flow to leave a river stuck You hear deep it lines ? ? ? ?  [Verse Three] [Royce Da 5'9"] Osama McCain, you climb in this ring Rhyming with Obama the king End up on the bottom of the things Living inside of ominous springs I'mm in a dream I spit the only kind of sickness that vomiting brings That means I'm ill sick And plus I'm real bitch I should've played Hancock instead of Will Smith Cos I'm drunk and flyer I'm the super hero minus all the chump attire and I bleed hardly tell your idol his times up and he's barbe-cue every rhyme lined up like steve harvey's do from the pies to the brick man niggas couldn't follow in my steps 'less I died in some quick sand so come and see a nigga burn a show and give me a hand before I give you the fist like a germaphobe and you probably too scary to scuffle if you ain't hit a nigga before you buried your knuckles I got a hundred round drum I shoot the first thirty to kill everybody that trash your hook up category blast the butcher empty the clip just to make that 70 show like ashton kutcher nigga you at war with sharks the government team will leave you airless/heirless like jordan sparks or a motherless queen we put it on y'all, tape a niggas phone call sell it to the net for a phone card then use it to phone y'all mommas I throw you niggas a bone and then I bury the drama in a bone yard the flow's in prime I got more plastic on me than all of hugh heffner's hoes combined my niggas got GT's and shit, yeah I know mini coopers while you niggas rolling around in the mini coopers I'm the shit for real, y'all niggas mini poopers drunk, wildin, commitin vodka and henny bloopers who could give a nigga the snoop foot stretch him out on the floor like the Manut look you shook, nigga I'm like the crew cook I put a price on the whip and I'm like the blue book with an appetite for destruction with the greed stigma explains my past and adds to my enigma if it's digital or analog Bar Exam 2 is the present, the distributor is Santa Claus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Jockin' My Fresh Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Quit jockin' my fresh Chorus: Easily I approach The microphone because I ain't no joke Tell ya momma to get off of my nuts She need to quit "Jockin' my fresh" - Jay-Z Easily I could smoke Your hypertone, nigga you ain't no loc Tell your girlfriend to get off of my dick And she need to quit "Jockin' my fresh" - Jay-Z Verse One: I'm on fire survival, admire you liar Who hire, new tires, flew by you New buyer, Brunier, the new sire Each line, I think it's lightening What you think is writin'  Is my ink ignitin' I stole that from L  But I don't think it's bitin' Beef is hidin' on side of the stage Speakin' of fightin'  I write like I pull my pen out the side of a grenade Imperial, serial killers in front of a mural of Dilla, Proof, Blade A burial crusade Venereal, flu, A.I.D.S. I'm sick I'm too paid I'm rich I will flower a chicken like a bouchet I'm sentimental End up with your dental Loose cave Bitch we ain't Friends I ain't Phoebe Buffay I'm a motherfuckin' +Superstar+ like Lupe Get a lot of vagina Stylin' like I'm a designer Whoever hotter than me  I probably find them inside of me Connected, I probably supply them it's eeeeeasy Chorus Verse Two: The product is like Prada A lotta shottas is stretchy Until you tired of findin' time to ride a bitch out of liars Y'all retired your guns just cause you signed a deal I'm the Youth Fountain on Truth Mountain on Honest Hill Who's countin'? I'm tryin' to build beyond a mill Don't call me seven nine's cause I'm tryin' to find a bill(ion) True is, who is down to kill Old school like a Buick Bonneville Suicide, do a lot of pills You ain't got to kill Beef is easy to me bitch Guns, grams, get 'em, got 'em all, strict G shit Honestly, round 'em up, found 'em slumped Down to buck, llama tuck Grind till you tired of us I'm on your head like a Yamaka  Chorus Outro: I'm gonna tell y'all niggas right now. Number one Quit jockin' my motherfuckin' fresh. Number two If you ain't feelin' me...you a fuckin' corn dog The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Gettin' Money Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Intro: Please be clear. This is a fuckin' invasion. Royce Da 5'9" Verse One: I'm gettin' money like a motherfucka I do dollar like the Yao stretch Casino chips that Denale bet Ain't spazzin' at the house party Mink draggin'/dragon like Bilil breath dead prez ran a train on the green lady That green lady turned around and had a dream baby That dream baby was I That green lady was ma Follow me honey, it sound funny I'm money Get it? Niggas is idiots so probably not I Murder Inc., let Ashanti & Irv Gotti watch A walkin' mollie wop Tell your whole fellat to cock off  Drop the jeans  And take out a foot like when you take a sock off I ain't attached to no tooley  I quite screwy I just take the Lock off Pop it and Drop It like Huey Weed avenue, bread rollin' on Phillie Street Triggers get used more than Wayne on +Milli+ beat So don't make me laugh You think with your class I think with my math Not with my dick, I speak on his behalf Anyone of you motherfuckin' NASCAR tunnel crews I call you that, cause you fixin' to crash The word in the hood is I got the bag in the streets Pull the rig up Take a load off, like I'm havin' a seat This black coup is V-12 as far as year I'm been rappin', reppin' the D-12, ask Proof As far as tears My face ain't big enough to relate How many bodies gone in the form of a tattoo Alcoholic, my kidney color is black blue Forever fuck with that Remy, love it like Papoose Wearin' that XXL mag or in The Source Being the king of the magazines and in a Porsche My release date is more important to the country than Tunin' into your news stations November 4th (Obama!) I turn niggas into veggies and get my lettuce straight It's like you niggas addicted to bitch shit, you fetish fake Dahlmer Pop you, then eat you on the anniversary of your death Like the top of a wedding cake Two timer Yeah, I keep a bitch on the side I'm Mr. Warning Guy You Mr. Wanna Die The Bar Exam 2 comma More polished than Ray Robinson in his prime The shoe shiner He kill 'em with his persistence Sendin' niggas to hit 'em is a silly mission Like he's one of Diddy's assistants Look in my trunk and find a pair of legs inside of some gym shoes Hangin' out a trash bag and in fumes I spit whole winters and then June Show up to your video while you performin'  And shoot you like Ben Boom You might have dealt with the tools But you ain't swam with them sharks  Nickle, Mike Phelps in the pool You might pull triggers but you don't pull them like me Bullets runnin' through shit like the bullets got feet I'm gonna keep goin' and goin' like a Energizer Inside a flyin' bullet until the day a bullet stops me Fuck a bitch, I'm it nigga, I'm a don I'm the reaper on Cancer, like I'm a sign Immaculately conceived  Product of dollar signs The only father of mine Is Father Time Chorus: I'm gettin' money like a motherfucker You ain't got nothin' on me I'm gettin' money like a motherfucker Fuck this auto tune shit That shit sound weak as a bitch Unless it's me usin' it Cause I'm the shit fool The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Marv Won Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Happy Bar Exam 2 Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Yo, Green Lantern man. You know how we do man. We shittin' on niggas dot com It's a fuckin' invasion you bastards We a problem Scratches "Invasion" - Nas Green Lantern [Marv Won] Aye, aye I'm back on my bullshit Come chill with the crook I'm rejuvenated bitch, I feel as good as I look That's awesome Show me who's talkin' and I'll off 'em From Austin to Boston, make 'em floss in coffins Shit, if I ain't the man, I'm standin' next to him Starvin' Somebody bring me a Dexitrim To suppress my appetite I feast on niggas who ain't rappin' right Learn in the after life If I ain't the best baller, I'm right after Mike Cockier than the nigga that make +Flashing Lights+ I'm the king of the jungle I'll stop all the scoring of your block without bringin' Mutumbo A 100 round drums is what I bring to the rumble Brash I ain't get a thing when I was humble And why should I be? Niggas ain't good as me The best black champ we had in a while like Booker T One of the best, but overlooked like I'm Pusha T You little pussies get fucked Here go the douche for free There ain't too much that Marv can't do Make way for royalty Happy Bar Exam 2 [Royce Da 5'9"] You welcome Bubble like Seltzer Bubble lights do a double life crime what else then? Gun shots kinda sound like the llama belchin' Shittin' like I'm rhymin' in the John like Elton I turn a nigga into stone Send out a blast like an e-mail to shoot ya Female Medusa +It Wasn't Me+ like Shaggy Denaun [da nine] did it Like a fag was snitchin' on D-12 producer Give you a buck 50 this evenin' This is my time of the month If you ain't fuckin' with me you bleedin' I can't count how many whips I be stickin' keys in Bitch, you ain't dissin' me, you just committin' treason Red wine or Reislin? Has been, I'm a "he's been..." Everywhere I'm Bigger than Cease's friend Lyrics written down with a G's pen Hood rats on me cause I'm in a trap I'm gonna give her cheese then She with me, she never dick teasin' Wrist freezin' She's tellin' me I'm just seizin' She do whatever I tell her as long as it's with reason So I'm gonna tell her to blow me till she quits breathin' She playin' position, but it's me receivin' The cum comin' through them gums looks like the bitch teethin' Diss me, get treated like you was just leavin' After I quit sqeezin' I'm the shit fool Every year in my past, my shit list grew Niggas switched up and got ripped up like Rick Rude Yeah, I don't fuck around with that mic You try to fuck with me you probably fuck around with that white What you a cluck? I psycho spit Y'all writtin' with lead I'm writtin' my rhymes with rifle tips I'm excitin' like highlights of Michael's clips I run the net like my mics a microchip Nickle Happy Bar Exam 2 It's a holiday nigga The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Ignorant Shit Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] Green Lantern drop that shit Yeah, my nigga Green (Green Lantern) We ain't gonna change the beat on this one at all cause I'm gonna flow it all the way through. Gotta have one or two of those This is Bar Exam 2 by the way. We gonna kick back This is for my nigga Keno. (Shout to Keno) [Verse One] There's got to be Nobody hot as me Flow outta this world like Odyssey  That's why your girl is ridin' me At the cottage For the summer, she like me Cause I operate with numbers like the lottery Dick in a duke shoot What you know about sodomy I do what I want with her body I'm a commodity Last Real Nigga Alive 2Pac's prodigy Take it even past conceited I mock modesty I'm major Bitch it ain't trickin' if you gettin' it That's why niggas don't be trippin' if I page her My whole clique just like me We roll in circles in packs They call us the Life Savers She behave, I put her beside nice neighbors Let her ride to the top of that high rise And that dark fader I call it that  Cause the second you steppin' with the weapon  It's gonna light up like it's light saber The car creeps invisible through the dark streets With the lights off because it's dark with dark feet I call a cab at any Miami heart beat My bitch drawin' my bath like she's an art-ist I'm a kingpin, son I don't bark at puppies I ain't Queen Pen's son The second one of y'all rap niggas start talkin' bout y'all boxin' me Bet it's gonna be Ding then done Swingin' Only my ink pen runs Never been chased Been A-1 from day one (yes) I don't know who the fuck you is But I'll show you what the fuck this is I fuck with the same type of niggas that fucked with Big Niggas that'll throw them over the bridge Right after they fuck your kids Niggas get all surprised when 5'9" responds to 'em I'm like naw, I ain't gonna do the Saigon to 'em I leave the slappin' to him I do 'em more like Ben Wallace Alonzo Morning and put the arm to 'em Forget the arguin'  Cause when the contract is intact It's a wrap Now the Mobb is signed to 'em Fuck beef nigga Life is short It don't stop till they take you off that life support Basically Beefin' with me, your life is shorter The definition of a Christ supporter I come down like the wrath of the hand that made you In the flesh of his flesh And the blood of his blood, I bathe you The flows amazin' I closed the deal for show My respect for your soul I'll trade you But you probably already don' gave it to Satan Cause how the fuck you doin' sold out stadiums? To God, you as big as a baby bug Doin' all them crazy drugs You gonna be hotter on the day you judged Y'all niggas peakin' out your careers like EQs Deep down in your ears you're hearin' he's true But you won't let it out, you're weak You refuse So I'm gonna stay deep in the field like cleat shoes If I don' reached out to a dude to do a song And it ain't happen I give him dap and I move on It ain't nothin' personal nigga This is a business This is the shit that we do to put our kids in cribs with Nigga I'm an 80's baby Fiend, foamin' at the mouth like rabies baby Why you knockin' a G? The only threesome you seen is on your TV  Somebody with a release right outside the top of the key I'm right back in 'em The truth's in these eyes So you can believe I Like that denim I still say Shady's the greatest But some people believe  I'm the only one around who can put the light back in him But I don't like that Gospel's Hostile like Kweli And I ain't stoppin' till y'all niggas starve like Somalians The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Flow Boy Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Royce Talking] Shout out to my nigga B-Love. Music pro "Invasion" C'mon. [Verse One] Yes, Bic They call me the Flow Boy I'm dope I'm about dope, I'm a Dope Boy The mag light up like a glow toy I let it go I got a couple skeleton's in my past to show for it No disrespect to Mistah F.A.B.  But nigga I ain't never really been out flowed by no boy Your food look just right I'ma eat your porridge Even though I'm full as a motherfucker like no storage I kid you not I spit too hot to diss you Man, I should go out and challenge a blow torch Respect no boy Except maybe Bun B I'm from the place with the area code Shady 1-3 Fuck ? I'm in some new jeans and Gucci's  Rockin' a District 81 tee I ain't sayin' I'm a ladies man All I'm sayin' is Nigga I don't want every lady that want me So, do the math nigga They be like,  "Damn, Nickel you be runnin' through hoes/holes like you a shoe string" I tell you two thangs One Don't ever disrespect me Two Call me "God" like you from Wu-Tang I put a bullet inside you cause the truth ain't Your record deal advance to me Is loose change Nigga, is you sane? I'm the shit I don't smoke but I've been known to light up a Square like butane The fame made me wait But not the hoes nigga I don' fucked mo' than Big Daddy Kane in '88 So tell your man to get back If the dogs with me, they obedient I lift a finger up from my hand they attackin' I like my hoes fast I like my cars fast Fuck it I should just go out and date Danica Patrick I manufacture maniac rap if you askin' Put life back in hip hop and put it back in it's casket Fuck peace You should try to dap and bury the hatchet Then I'ma clap you and find somewhere to bury the ratchet The flow boy is in the buildin' tonight You know I (Flow boy)  Whassup? (Go boy) C'mon The flow boy is in the buildin' tonight You know I (Flow boy)  C'mon (Go boy) Let's go (Flow boy is in the building) You know I (Flow by) Whassup? (Go boy) Let's go (Flow boy is in the building) You know I (Flow boy) I'ma  (Go boy) C'mon [Verse Two] And yeah, ain't nobody true as us You ain't gotta like me I like me enough for the two of us Don't compare me to the best rapper alive I contemplate suicide to be compared to the best rapper that died I'm killin' with them Boyz N The Hood like Cuba Gooding I go to the place in the hood that the shooter shouldn't We do the casing, you do the bookin' Like the police Speaking of them We the reason they do the lookin' I'm the label I do the songs, I do the pushin' So I'm sittin' on top of the world while you the cushion I clean pussies up Yeah, I do the douching I'm Bill Cosby's teaspoon And you the pudding My cousin Eye is crazy All I gotta do is wave and yeah, it's bye bye baby I'm higher than Wayne and I rhyme like crazy I shoot a nigga's ass with the nine like Gravy I should like Shady I keep a dime like Haley in a dark brown creme gut Klondike Sadie It's like my kidney's compensate for what my liver couldn't I'm a wolf, to kill me you're gonna need a silver bullet Any one of you niggas fuck with me then it'll heat up Y'all do nigga's beats I make niggas give the beat up Any nigga step up I'ma make him step back With either that Tec blaaat blaaat Or that fifty caliber gold plated Desert Eazy That's for who ever rebellious The cartridge to it lookin' like The Legend Of Zelda Born winner Rhymin' like there's two horns in him After I win the battle rap I'ma blow your motherfuckin' head off So you can call me a sore winner I fuck with The Game The rest of y'all give a fuck about too much shit Me, I don't give a fuck about nothin' I don't give a fuck about shit, but the outfit My name fall out your mouth I'm at your house quick You don't want them boys at your crib About six Ready to let out a clip Like "Rap about this" My crew is like your audience We clap about shit We sick We don't be fightin' nobody We probably fight each other whenever we drunk That's about it Approach the enemy with caution Born leader My identity is ? Awe, ain't he awesome? I've been known to stick a nigga No homo My dick get hard when I feel on the trigger nigga Murder every verse My rhyme is like a heavy hearse  Each word is deeper than cemetery dirt That fully automatic I pull it and let him work Do him a favor and spray his head I ain't gonna let him hurt You better watch your mouth Cause I can knock you out But I'd rather give the glock somethin' to talk about I'm in your bushes with the ump, thumpin'  Y'all about to dance with the one night stand Soon as you +Walk It Out+ Give you the afterlife You got a smart mouth You a dick and a pussy like you a hermaphrodite Assassinate you this evenin' It's assassin-night Have you weezin'  You and Eddie Murphy can laugh alike  The Revival You can call it the Preme project But it's violent You should call it the pork and bean project The flow boy is in the buildin' tonight You know I (Flow boy)  Whassup? (Go boy) C'mon The flow boy is in the buildin' tonight You know I (Flow boy)  C'mon (Go boy) Let's go (Flow boy is in the building) You know I (Flow by) Whassup? (Go boy) Let's go (Flow boy is in the building) You know I (Flow boy) I'ma  (Go boy) C'mon [Outro] Now that's how you body a beat Man, if I got to say, "I'm the shit fool" one more time... somebody gonna get urinated on. And then boo boo'd on And then a nut busted on. Happy Bar Exam 2 bitches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Kill 'Em Part 2 Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com "It's killin' me" Please be clear. This is an invasion Green Lantern in the lab The invasion. The Bar Exam 2 "Green Lantern" [Kid Vishis] Last of the spitters Hall of dope niggas from the past to present is sayin', "Next is Vishis" I'm, one of the illest, the realest feel it Competition isn't existence because I got venomous diction You should toss your mic is my advice You expect me to be scary cause you talkin' hype? I'm like, how you gonna pump me up with no shottie then How you gonna fist fight Floyd when you Gotti ? I'm the nice right hand Rueger specialist Turn 'em into twins and I'll appear ambidextrous Simultaneous, back and forth trigger movements He bleedin' profusely I've executed my execution I got knowledge but I like violence and loot Type to go to college Not to learn, just to shoot a student Kid Vishis Nothin' fictitious Talked your bitch into believin' my seed is nutritious (Delicious ha ha ha) Yep, then you went and kissed her like it don't matter She went and swallowed my baby batter You sick! I know you been a bitch I hate you worse than fans hate Joe D. for pickin' Darko Milicic I got a killer spit River current flow I'm as vicious as a pit You a reappearing hoe Sho' nuff I gotta go Bruce Leroy to these decoys Deep speech, each beat I seek and destroy D-Boy The city's prince, I'm really convinced I'm up To being as sick as Two Girls In A Cup (yuck!) I leave these wack MCs alone They won't be in it long They only got so much time like a minute phone Bring your lyrics home Find you with your spirit gone Outlined and scribbled My nine spiral period Idiot I'm on some Frank Nitty, big willie shit Bout his bread Bout he get you dead and I'm serious! [Royce Da 5'9"] Delirious Beats be the eeriest Hand on my balls The Boyz N The Hood know my style like Furious I fight dirty I'm Ike scurvy I'll slap a bitch It's obviously like blood on a white jersey Don't go and have an accident Christ Passion-ate You little boys invite me to spaz I'm right on your ass I Mike-Jackson-it My bitch Nina Ross constantly lookin' for pussy You don't push me that pistol is dyke accurate The lights flashin' in the night from the chain Like it's lightening Bitches suckin' up to me My life is a Dyson The chicken with me is a knockout like she a Tyson But like she enticing Bright like the ice in a brightlin The Feds buggin' like I'm lice Whenever we chop it up Like I'm dice And I gas like I'm nitrous I'm on top like I'm icing What you not nice is The block price is higher than the rock pipe is George Bush that button like the Iraq crisis I'm Ted Diabiase I cop it It's not priceless Insane in the membrane I'm sittin' on top of +Sugar Hill+ like AZ but I'm not Cypress You got a light for the blunt? Fire up Call me Poppa Big Willie/pop a big wheely like the bike front tire up Me and Vish nigga We in tip top shape Myspace I stay in a bitch top eight The only question I ask you bitch niggas is, "Why hate?" The handle on the pistol is pearly like God's gate Y'all niggas sound fishy but you're really squad bait These Guccis, these ain't Chuckies/Chuckys but this is Child's Play The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ June the Great Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Wall Street Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Royce talking] You are now rocking to the sounds of my dawg. DJ Green Lantern Bar Exam 2 nigga. It's a motherfuckin' holiday bitches [Verse One] [June the Great] I slang hope to the world like my name was Obama Shakin' hands with your father while I'm fuckin' yo momma Drama But I'ma say I'm in a league of my own Blowin' my own horn Horns of my cousin, Chevy in Texas I had to shout him out he's from the south Got pussy with me for my brother when he get out No doubt It goes one for the money Two for the show Three for the M.I.C. now let's go June's flow is pro Turn my speakers up louder Learn my shit Then recite it up in the shower No homo Yeah, peep my promo on behalf of the Bar Exam 2 This is my message from me to you They'll probably be happy when I'm long gone But that'll never happen cause I got way too many songs MC's take note, but don't quote too much Find your own style and get 'mo in touch Plus Pussy make the world go round and mine spinnin' out of control Where I'ma stop, nobody knows You don't want me close to ya Scared I might roast ya But if I should stop, then who these streets gonna toast to? Here's the book of life, I just wrote you a new page Inspired by the beat, by the smell of my purple haze Hey, Grand River niggas up to no good June 1st I bring you all closer to my hood Wall Street Wall Street Yeah, yeah Uh huh [Verse Two] My appetite for destruction My type to do the bustin' I eat the beat up like I got an appetite for percussion Lighten the mood like it's night and there's moonlight Platoon, high on them shrooms but this ain't no food fight Witch I could fly on a broom stick to my rude type My crew don't be 'bout no excuses, gesundheit God bless you, sneeze I'll wet you, sleeves Your arms ain't like ours yet, our recipe is... Beef on a platter Go on and chatter, it don't matter My cheese, I'm eatin' like I'm obese but only fatter I only know how to do it the Harriet Tub way I'm Underground like the Railroad, I'm prepared to get ugly My narrative thug day, can only compare me to drugs I take a nigga way from him like Jared from Subway You, could, never ever be on my level You don't know what you're in But you're in/urine guns like I took a pee on my metal Just me and my shuttle We fly We go together like my feet and my petal We ride How could I not be greatest? When I got Muhammad Ali boxin' inside me in Vegas Aye Haters I just wanna say this I know I'm underrated But I ain't under paid when it comes to makin' Money I'm so hot I feel like the son of Satan I'm so hot I feel like the sun is hatin' Your bitch Hhhhuhhhhuhhhh Breathin' like a hundred H's I am the reason for your under takin' There's only one equation And it equals I am the sum of greatness Yeah, yeah Uh huh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Here They Come Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Intro: [x4] Here they come yo Here they come [Verse One] Yeah Yeah I ex-spits your bole The tire you kicks is toyal  Black diamonds lookin' like tires dipped in oil You niggas is about as fly as the wings on a parrot If you a king I turn you into a king on a terrace I'm sick with the fuck-a-nigga flu Defiant as ? The Imus These nappy headed hoes is like a science When I got the permit to tell that bitch "perm it" These niggas ain't got Nothin' up their sleeves like a tank top Stay in the streets with you like some rain drops Nickel can't stop Stick the game up Leave them hands up And then I flee away with Lil' Wayne's spot Here they come yo Bitches in the front row Titties out they blouses Screamin' out that they want mo This is that Lights out Bring them bikes out White boys bring them spikes out I goes in Where the G's at? Throw your hands up Stand up Give me feed back Where the G's at? Where them true MC's at? Guess who stepped through? Royce  (He's back) [Verse Two] I'm a problem to these little niggas ain't I ma? I'm prettier than you are honey, how vein am I? Which lane am I? I can do whatever style I'm a mixture between Old Jeezy & 7 Mile Let them bow to the devil's son, heaven's child I'm the present, now and naw, I ain't tryin' to reconcile (nope) All I'm tryin' to say is, what you been eatin'  I'm takin' til you lookin' like the '07 Kevin Liles This a new day But I ain't here to shoot you up I'm sayin', not the new Dre and I'm the new Kurupt Machine gun flow Run and put the two two up  Tell the label to throw the tutu on you when they suit you up Here they come yo Soundin' like the booth blew up Every time I rhyme you have to come and wipe the poo poo up This is that Light out Bring them bikes out White boys bring them spikes out I goes in Where the G's at? Throw your hands up, stand up  Give me feedback Where the G's at? Where the true MC's at? Guess who stepped through Royce (He's back) [Verse Three] A lot of speculation on a nigga's reputation I better state that I don't hesitate to set it straight D Twizzy, them my niggas I don't ever hate We can do a song for the cheddar date, set a date And I ain't never fake Always real always feel  Sicker than whoever you feel is always ill But I ain't sorry, chill I ain't come from Sorryville I'm from the land of banana clips and Ferrari peels Off leavin' a cloud of smoke the child is dope The man is crack and I'm demandin' my advantage back (yes) And it's that simple Your man is back sinful My bitch icey, nicety as Janet Jack Central Here they come yo Drum roll Only one flow Son know And it's the reason you don't want "Whoa" This is that lights out Bring them bikes out Whites boys... Y'all know the rest The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Success Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] I got these niggas Keno. Bar Exam 2 baby.  Let that bitch breathe. (Armz) [Verse One] I used to give a fuck Now I could give a fuck less What do I think of success? It sucks To much sex My life is a fuck fest And I ain't blew up yet Yet Let that bitch breathe! I used to give a shit Now I could give a shit mo' Cause I could pull a bitch mo' Spit Cris, get a clique Christmas, trick doe Went from livin' piss po' to livin' like I'm Rich Po The clip explodes Extended clip looks like it floats It sparks, get smart before it smokes Get close and get you a slit throat A long kiss You get you a mistletoe  On it's toe tag Touch you fags quick as Chris Stokes Pause I'm bout doe to my outro So your ass gonna bounce that check your mouth wrote Ha, like you need Beef I do you like I do these beats Then instigate it like I'm QDIII I've been the greatest, I'm just seein' what's good I put you in a fucked up spot Like front seat in the beamer with Suge Uh "I wish a nigga would" Let that bitch breathe [Verse Two] Now peep this It's like I need three chicks One Cup to freak this Reach this level of speakin' Or eat shit Shit I'll shit on y'all niggas Veezy tell 'em "Man, y'all ain't got shit on my nigga" (Whow!) I need a whole new world to fit my big shoes in And you can have an accident while I'm out with my bitch cruisin' Slip and bump your head on the bullet Your clique's losin' I'll give you +99 Problems+ but I ain't Rick Rubin It's Nickel you bluffin' You in a pickle, kickin' the bucket I'm pullin' strings like I'm liftin' a puppet Ass buster And I Remain Raw, you can ask Busta Ask Ras, "Is 5'9" a bad mother Fucker?" As far as beef, put it all to sleep Til I'm at peace like I'm the soul of Chad Butler R.I.P. Nigga, your fans love ya As far as I am concerned, you was the last of ya Back to my guns Get clapped by my guns You act like you want it until they ringin' as loud as a bad muffler You celebrity raps niggas is mishaps You wack I'd rather hear Hugh Heff's bitch rap Or Shar I know what you thinkin' "He's dissin' Bizarre." You over thinkin' it bitch, get in the car That's my nigga We'll run a trizzy on you then play you to the left Like when Jimmy Hendrix flipped the guitar Owww Ride with me, who live as me? What nigga you know will look him right in his eyes and squeeze? Obie Let that bitch breathe The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 2 Song: Who Got Bodied Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] Now I don' told this nigga to shut his mouth I guess he wasn't hearin' me I'm beyond this peon, he's scared of me Apparently he don't see that he don't compare to me Cause he ain't remain silent like T.I.'s security It's clear to me he'll fuck up his own cash Take your little freestyle and shove it up your ass Followed by the "oohs" and "aaahs" Your foolish pride gonna fuck around and put you on the loosin' side Who got bodied? Nigga, you sick? Then I'm a hot tattie  Coke flow, I spit so much Whitney I got Bobby I'm a sound off This nigga's a clown y'all Fifty niggas with him wearin' jheri curls, hoppin' out of clown car Shows over Bozo No mo', I'm back  Time to face the music, I'ma just straight up abuse him He choose to, diss  But he know not what he gettin' While he's spittin' funny shit, I'm gettin' money bitch Blllaah! C'mon I'm a product of my environment He ain't gotta try to bring Malcolm out of retirement He go at me I hit him asap Take that Get shot up like a cap gun at a race track (Boom) He's probably from the part of the Bay that the gay's at Where the fags migrate and give each other AIDS at They told me you ain't the pistol type So yo, you know to me that means you a Frisco dyke Get you a whoopin' like Whoopie  You steppin' in another circle I wear purple label you just wear The Color Purple Everything about your lame flow represents  Everything hoe in every color in the rainbow Sayin' Proof's name will get you strangled Let my nigga rest or I bet you you gon' be sleepin' with the angels I'm fly You a fly fisher You lie You die Goodbye Zip 'em up [x 4] [Verse Two] C'mon You showed you ain't got respect soon as you diss me so sudden So when you bow it better look like you toe touchin' I'm so fuckin' ridiculous with the flow cousin I pack heat and I will give you the whole oven Coke, heroin, flower, fuck it the whole cupboard  No publishin' for this fuckin', I'm so stubborn I threw the bait You took it, I'm on the boat buzzin' Reelin' you in, tryin' to eat you before Joe Budden [Verse Three] Budden said the battle was embarrassin' Comparison This shit here more embarrassin' So I'ma use his beat to merk you And maybe he'll see that I'll merk him too I'm just playin' my nigga Buddens, you cool I'm just fuckin' with you cause I got +Nuttin To Do+ This Mistah Fag, he's a waste of my time And my time is money so I'm wastin' money just makin' this rhyme It ain't beef But I would like to shoot your jeweler Your charm look like some kind of retarded school bus All you missin' is the "duh" and the drool The wheelchair, the helmet and the confused look Niggas get shook when Malcolm speaks There ain't a way I can hear you on an Alchemist beat Y'all two doin' an album together Ooh shit Okay, I got a sample for you Loop this: [circus employee talking] Step right up! Step right up! Let me guess your weight I just flew in from San Francisco and boy are my arms tired! Step right up and watch me shoot through bullets out of my sleeve I'm so fuckin' funny. Let's take it to The Bay baby [Background] Mistah F.A.B. I'm funny. I'm a clown, with no money Every Monday, I get a haircut. To wear a t-shirt and jeans with airbrush I'm corny. I'm corny. There goes a real fat ? before me It's not corny. He's still here too. But I don't care cause, I'm so funny [Verse Four] The streets will teach you I love for The Bay nigga, Skee my people The problem is, you think lyrically my equal But that don't balance out I gotta Keak to Sneak you You be the bitch Nigga we be the shit You never slang like 40 You tryin' to be legit/B-Legit I will eat your soul My pieces glow cause they freezin' These hoes is Keshia Cole I'll put you in the hospital You ain't the only one that got riddled I got two Check it One Flabby, Fabby, fuck you Fucked yo mammie, we family cause I'm yo daddy, son Two Yeah, pussy thought you took me Want a cookie? Cause nobody seems to care So what's the fuss 'bout Turn your girl's mouth to a Yukmouth Nut, turn her out to a slut house Who got bodied? [Sample of Mistah F.A.B.'s diss song] "Trick hates your guts and Proof ain't never like you" "I fuck with real Detroit niggas like Chedda Boys" [Royce whispering throughout] Ask about me [Verse Five] I got A.K.s, A.R.s, aye y'all This nigga been dead since the eighth bar But I'm tryin' to overkill him Standin' over the silly nigga holdin' a shottie With a spear shootin' at him Till his body disappears Look a here I will put your crew in boxes I done put whole crew in boxes And it's best he stops cause I will Freddie Foxxx him Put him out with the tools or boxing So think about your next move I will let you choose your option Top ten  Dead or alive And I got soldiers You cast your little punk ass stones at me, I throw back boulders! Oh yeah It's over, hold that Nigga this is G's up, I speed up right where you slow at Lyrically you Borat Boring Do anything for a laugh You know that's....annoying It's sounds that perhaps you doubt me Well  If you ever ever make it to my city, ask about me Your luck over Cause all you tried to do is be famous So now you famous nationwide for gettin' fucked over Boy pay up I ball, this a fo' sho' lay up I'm playin' chess with a Connect Four player! It's obvious I hear you talkin' loud I'm clappin' all day like I'm cheerin' in the crowd I'm bout to catch a body I'm a bust a mag boy I'm bout to catch a body I'm a bust a mag boy I'll kill y'all! If you ain't never ran from a nigga Then you damn sure probably picked a day to start runnin' Get runnin'! If you ain't never ran from a nigga Then you damn sure probably picked a day to start runnin' Get runnin'! [Outro: Chedda Boy & Trick Trick dissing Mistah F.A.B.] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Crooked I Album: Street Hop * Song: Gun Harmonizing Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * originally appeared on "Revival" EP without Crooked I "Somebody lift me up, yeahhh  And give me a hannnnnd  Give me a ride, I'm slidin off the highway  There's a curve in the road  I don't know when I'm going, crazy" {*vocal gun sounds and scatting for next 22 seconds*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Verbalizin my fiend murder Communicatin while you debatin usin machine squirters Brrrap, that trigger's my tongue, I l-l-lick a nigga That fo'-fifth'll, lift a nigga, whole clique up The Lord call for your soul, it's time to go pick up Answer the horn, it's blowin at you, you cold stiff up My heat, heatin my whole hip up, all we do is court strippers Your metal freezin like it's a morgue zipper I (I) ride around with Preme Not the Preme from Queens, but the Preme from "DWYCK" 'Bout to change the game, 'bout to fly the desert, eagle for y'all people like the wing's the clip, and the barrel's the beak My perilous fleece, I'ma throw on them diamonds I'm a pharaoh deceased, like a spawn was rhymin And, I would advice ya not attempt to New +Temptations+, the gun harmonizin {*vocal gun sounds and scatting for next 22 seconds*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Every bullet's a note I write with a firing pen every time the, trigger pull it's a quote Inside a poof full of smoke Sniffin lines of that gunpowder I'm hotter than a pair of boots and a coat And a turtleneck The best rapper alive could be the best rapper that died, a murderous If you ain't get it by now I'm suicidal I'm wild, a nigga better than me is who I ain't heard of yet So I ain't murdered yet He ain't even been born, his momma's a virgin, she ain't even furtile yet Prepare to get back - next time you take a shit Stand and turn around and look in the toilet then compare me to THAT Don't compare me to none of these motherfuckin wannabe hustlers tough until they standin in front of me duckin It's off with yo' head nigga 'less you one of them Dodgers We sound off as one, we gun harmonize! {*vocal gun sounds and scatting for next 22 seconds*} [Crooked I] This shit is musical, my spit is beautiful And if the best rapper died we'd be sittin at Nickel's funeral But we ain't dyin cause our trigger finger nail you  as quick as you clip a cuticle, hollows'll hit your follicles I split your wig from far away like a long arm barber Then lift your weight like a strong arm robber Put that on Moses, I rely on my ride As sure as Satan's tongue lyin to God, everybody dyin It's like you standin in a circular firing squad Singers for hire I find him a job You see the gauge baritone, the revolver's a tenor Way the shots spin your body I'ma call 'em "The Spinners" Call 'em "Earth, Wind & Fire", put you beneath the earth, wind and fire Feel the fire that burnt Richard Pryor I'm keepin two guns, I named 'em Romeo and Juliet Make you take five like you and your homies on the movie set BLAOW! {*vocal gun sounds and scatting for next 22 seconds*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: Count for Nothing Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] {"One-two-three-four-five-six-seven-eight"} Y'all been frontin Without a ounce of thuggin You go against me, you too can count for nothin [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the king of the backpackers This T-bone contact to any wack rapper It's biometric how I wet ya My dialect's an entire weapon, it's set to just fire reckless BLAP! Like {"one-two"} guns swoop In the same booth the federales tryin to run through Like, like {"three-four"} we raw Me and Vishis tradin like a triple beam seesaw I'm a veteran, the mac-11 the pump You could name whoever you want Wayne... 'Ye... Jay Hahaha, I'm just playin wit 'em... I keep the {"four-five"} on my hip You take me serious then I might trip About {"seven-eight"} niggaz and die Feelin some type of way I figure it's pride I'm the right-on truth And that's right, I'm even plottin on my own crew Joey... Crooked... Ortiz Slaughterhouse! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] {"One-two-three-four-five-six-seven-eight"} Y'all been frontin (uh-huh) Without a ounce of thuggin You go against me, you too can count for nothin Like {"One, two"} like {"three"} like Ha ha, you {"two"} can - count for nothin [Royce Da 5'9"] (Woo!) I'm what choice is to option Royce to hip-hop is what, Mike Buffer's voice to boxing (Let's get ready to rumbllllle!) Yes, it's a couple dope dealers somewhere that got rich livin the shit that I spit (me!) I don't re-enact nigga, I illuminate I know every point what I count like a Q&A It ain't a arm when it's tucked in my box Since it's Lindsay Lohan, niggaz call me Fire Crotch I'm seein clear like a MyBot I drop my coupe, black shoes, black Noob Saibot I spit fire like Izod, why not Cause sho' 'nuff I'm glowin like Thai mock And y'all cryin like babies over the net I should call you niggaz Lady Gaga I call, "You and Em need to get together Y'all need each other Nickel Shady blah blah!" If I die I'ma leave heat I'ma leave the sun behind, I'm tryin to repeat Don't try to ban the drummer He's an +Animal+ and you can be a random number, uh (ohh!) [Royce Da 5'9"] (Ahh) I put the gun to lames Eeny-miny Motown, play the numbers game Five shots on my block is like for once I see like my pops is Cyclops With both eyes I see you got no sides Bring it to your Chippendale neck with the bowties ... All you stand Grab a bitch ass like "Aye," call me OJ Da Juiceman ... I get away with murder That Johnny Rocket in my pocket with my favorite burger I'm tryin to shake it like a Polaroid They said I couldn't do it twice, call me Soulja Boy I said The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Iyana Dean, Kid Vishis Album: Street Hop Song: Soldier Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"Frequency..."} [Royce Da 5'9"] Fresh off the jet from just fuckin with Puff I'm feelin like the best, nobody - bring it back Fresh off the jet from just fuckin with Puff I'm feelin like the best, nobody fuckin with us We done turned to a bygone don crew We got the semi Kimora like Djimon Hounsou A lifetime criminal, live by a code we call shush Fireman ladder flow, look at it, my bar is up As you can see I'm a beast on the track I'm even worse, I'm the hearse with the reef on the back I'm like the gun at the race, son you only get one shot My album is the finish line, here's where your run stops 'Bout to go fishin with a clip that's extended Because your momma got a glass eye with a fish in it (haha) [Chorus 2X: Iyana Dean] I-I think my, niggaz is soldiers I-I think my, bitches is gangstas I-I think my, niggaz is soldiers I-I think my, I-I think (HUT!) [Royce Da 5'9"] I get money, I get bitches, I get bored or - bring it back I get bitches, I get money, no specific order Filthy hit recorder, wipe or Ricky mixed with Ricky Porter Butchie Jones mixed with Mr. Combs with the tooky aura I'm a muh'fucker, no really I fuck mothers I chug bottles and pass out on they La-Z-Boy She try to leave them lil' niglets with me? Shiiit I treat 'em all like I'm Snoop Dogg in "Baby Boy" Leave me alone, I'm Hancock Liquor sto' close I'm swoopin 'round hittin the second-hand spot I don't fuck with no hoe unless she a dancer There's no position, drug or liquor she can't try I'm Cancer, me versus them is a landslide If your face is fly, and your body is decent This your inauguration the same time your impeachment I got a lotta anger - I was hot before your first shit Not your album, but before your momma potty trained ya [Kid Vishis] Where my soldiers attack (it's a wrap) Hold up - when my soldiers attack, it's a wrap One clap'll lay you unconscious, bullets alpha-mega slap Cock grenade here, think we scared? No way Set yo' ass up like the cops did O.J. Fo' spray his body make his chest explode The barrel on the shotty wide as KRS's nose Partner, +Buck-shot+ ya Rap like a automatic gun, lungs stoppin means you can't breathe proper Yeah, they like I'm on some other shit Whole clique hold heat like a oven mitt To fuck with this you want me on wax So I'ma tax you lil' local rappers worse than the government Bastard - the closest you niggaz been  to a shotgun is in the car front seat passenger How 'bout you take a trip in the trunk? Ride to the pastor for a casket to hold ya; it's over! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Phonte Album: Street Hop Song: Something 2 Ride 2 Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro/Break - Royce Da 5'9"] This is a little something to ride to Kick back and just catch a vibe to I pop me a pill, I drink me another drink, if I was you [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] I got the flyest arsenal Clip filled to capacity, you can call me the fire marshal I'm ape with shit, I'm on my gorilla thing, thing Me and Preme, you can call us the guillotine team We chop off heads, pop off lead If it pops off, we spendin that rock star bread We doin numbers like the box office Nigga you ain't tryin to box, then stop talkin I got niggaz from Watts to Boston From New York to the Chi to Austin So even if my eyes is off ya, other eyes is on ya That belongs to them killers that's gon' ride up on ya, bong (bong) It's gasoline in my tongue, Patrn in my kidneys, weed in my lungs Trigger on my index finger, handle in my palm is ringin my animal alarm My mind is on Hannibal Lec', demand the respect I'm takin your life unless you hand me a check [Chorus - Phonte] (Royce Da 5'9") I've been around, seen some things, sexed a lot of girls I did my time but in my mind, I'm still thinkin it's my world [woo-ooo] (I got my finger on the pulse of this music shit, I'm the truest  [woo-ooo] Now tell me who this sick and you can swallow everything that's comin  through this dick) [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] Reignin King of the boom bap Bomb strapped to my chest askin "where ya goons at?" I'm old school like a StarTek On a voyage like Star Trek Me unemployed is far fetched I'm hot, I got corduroy flow You can picture but can't shake it, the Polaroid show I book niggaz for shows and put niggaz in comas So I hope that you niggaz is roamers 'Cause my niggaz is Ryders like Winona But we just tryin to have a "Good Time" like Willona I'm a zoner, all I do is zone out like a stoner As far away as Estonia I'm a sucker for a good suckin So tell ya bitch that's it's best if she investin with this good luckin Mami would you rather fly over niggaz heads or keep your ass in the  hood duckin? [Verse 3 - Royce Da 5'9"] Pardon my French, talk English Steal your job, the discount is the five fingers That's why Preme is the head not King My drive's on my toes, I got my Bedrock swing "Street Hop" is a culture I rock with the vultures to make bread with the opposite toaster I'm Py-reckless, I'm kitchen, equip sickenin And my neckless is glistenin, it's expensive So don't mention your ice whenever you mention my rhymes (why?) 'Cause my pencil is priceless So what you runnin for? Nigga I'm comin for you, if I'm the hyphen, then you the underscore True and I'm lawless packin I ain't no designer but I got a flawless jacket, whoa After +Boom+, this afternoon It's night, night, when me and Preme come back for more [Break] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Busta Rhymes Album: Street Hop Song: Dinner Time Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Busta Rhymes] Aiyyo Royce Da 5'9" Why you wan' share your food with these niggaz? We don't share food in the recession Bite these niggaz like you bite the microphone [Royce Da 5'9"] Livin legend inside of a Smith & Wesson slidin out of the barrel I'm fire, don't try me cause I am HOT! Police cars with they sirens combined when I'm rhymin Sayin they got a call that somebody 'round here done fired SHOTS! Mac-11's in order, the flow is like water Each quote's a quarter of blow, the chorus is followed by the DOT! Goons, goblins and creatures and monsters are bouncin and beat ya and stomp ya and eat ya, don't get swallowed by the BLOCK! I pay a shrink every week to basically tell me "Lay here and speak to me" just to say how psychotic I am NOT! I'm too fly with the viral and physical copies, niggaz sloppy Look up what you under, I'm what you tryin to TOP! I'm scared and compared to no man, I'm like the big hand on Big Ben I get in and I'm hittin my numbers 'round the CLOCK! I'm 'bout to give it back to my nigga Busta Bust and have a seat It's convenient I'm already coppin a SQUAT! {*echoes*} [Interlude: Busta Rhymes] Nowadays when niggaz walk around they start to look like hamburgers and frankfurters Aiyyo Royce Da 5'9" Feed on these motherfuckers homie, c'mon! [Royce Da 5'9"] Take him, gut him and take out his organs and smorgasbord him The more important he is I'm toe-taggin his BEAT! Turn him to chicken chowder, dip him in some sniffin powder Season him with gasoline and THROW his ass in the CREASE! Mention my name in a record I'ma come get you lyrically Individually I'ma take it back to the STREETS! Cannibalistic mentality, rappers hatin, decapitate him Rap 'bout what I naturally happen to BE! Flow is superb and you heard us forget it, two verses Two murders acquitted, personally it's a wrap, CAPICHE? Fingers snappin and tappin they feet, clappin what happened the street 'Bout to happily bring it back to the D! Niggaz claimin harder that all of this time Niggaz believe him until I see him and then slap him and SEE! I ain't havin it, havoc is average to me War's normal, only thing I'm havin is havin a FEAST! {*echoes*} [Interlude: Busta Rhymes] Royce Da 5'9", you my dawg and I'm yo' dawg Bein that I already sic'ed you on these motherfuckers It's yo' turn to sic me on they ass Let's go! [Busta Rhymes] Every time that I marry the rhyme and the beat I go hairy and grind in the street then I'm fuckin up E'RYBODY Mobilizin shit like we gorillas and peelin your skin like we banana peelers, it's hazardous if you copy Don't you know that I'm one of the coldest courageous, the boldest contagious Ain't no one can phase this thing that I do Well you know since I report the latest that niggaz can't fuck with me cause I'm the greatest, my shit is sick like the FLU You see I'm animalistic, the cataclysmic events  that'll happen whenever I grab the mic and talk Indeed them bag us specifically that I'm hickory dickory dock of this rizzy, the diddy bop in my walk Now I'm the messenger to set the temperature nigga whenever the heat will be needed to hot the block up, I'm sayin I got the dillinger, Harry Kissinger with the ratchet The fact is I'm back with the clack and the click, see I ain't playin! [Outro: Busta Rhymes] {*laughs*} Why oh why oh WHY! Royce Da 5'9" please tell me why! Why the fuck these niggaz gon' let us get together and do this shit to 'em It's so fuckin unfair! Shit is so unfair! {*chuckles*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: Far Away Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] Yeah, what's up girl? This my love song Maybe you should or maybe you just shouldn't Cause baby I wanna take you so far awayyyyyyy, ayy I'm just playin, I don't really wanna take yo' ass nowhere Let's do the real song, C'MON! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Maybe you should or maybe you just shouldn't Cause baby this gun'll take you so far awayyyyyyy, ayy (He'll walk right up and murder youuuu) Maybe you should or maybe you shouldn't Cause me and my goons'll take you so far awayyyyyyyyyy Ayy [Royce Da 5'9"] It's definitely a burner It's on cause that beef be the recipe to murder Whoever's in my session's an accessory to murder My words put niggaz to bed, my records be the Serta Ay, the raw grind is comin up like wall climbers Big shit poppin, them pricks is small timers And y'all must've FORGOT Like Juelz Santana perform at Hip Hop Honors with the Alzheimer's I hear you woofin, c'mon, come to the dog diner We all eat dogs, we roar, we bark buyers You can't walk by us and talk fly or we'll hogtie ya Nickel done fucked around and caught fire I carry the torch and split a nigga up, up Somebody gon' die, die like a scary divorce Of course my goons is astoundin Nigga I use the Auto-Tune because I'm clownin! [Royce Da 5'9"] Nigga you don't want a problem I'm photogenic, my image belong on a dollar Authentic, my tennis shoes should have "I'm killin you" written on the side of The willingness to go in, like whatever's inside of a diver Get in his ass like a sodomizer Fix him by any means like the plot of "MacGyver" Nickel runnin for shit, you need to vote for him They unloadin his flow off of the boat for him Pardon me Miss Sniffle Nose, the coke charm I spit shit crazy, with the toast arms My kicks is crazy, like in "Zohan" I'm the nucleus of this like a proton Gat supplier - red nose Carving yo' staff or shire, rap for hire Niggaz is corny by nature - on top of that Niggaz arms is shorter than my nigga Vinnie from Naughty By Nature The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Melanie Rutherford, Slaughterhouse Album: Street Hop Song: The Warriors Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Melanie Rutherford] Check the scene, pappas Slaughterhouse, still standin There was a murder last night and the shit didn't really sit right with me So I had to tell a story Ohhhhhhhhh baby! Blood on the walls, street life [Joe Budden] America's worst nightmare, ahead by light years Hip-Hop's only shining star in the night's air Right here, don't fight fair, what I write yeah Might there, throw 'em off like they Bobby Knight's chair I been where you tryin to be, I'm already hot All about cake, Betty Crock' and spit ready rock They know my bar came venom in a bezzie rock Kicks from Fight Club, outfit from Eddie Brock I'm goin for the kill, focused on a steady plot John Wilkes the Booth like when he dead aimed his nezzie shot You listenin to hip-hop's finest You rewind this, Slaughterhouse behind this [Joell Ortiz] I like rap, this shit is cool, I'm better than mad niggaz But I'm just as good a crack pitcher as a pad ripper I say that to say this Don't let mad liquor turn me to a bodybag zipper and not a ad-libber Couple joints ago I was right on that ave wit'cha Mad bigger than the cats David Tyree had last winter I'm not a made-up character That's a Puerto Rican Brooklynite with two kids y'all see in them mag pictures And however I gotta feed 'em I will All they ever gon' need in life is just, me and my will Interfere with that it's gon' be more than a beat that I kill Disrespect with an indirect and you will see if I'm real [Crooked I] Fuck you blood-suckin parasites I'm bringin the terror right in front of your parents' sight You parents' eyes, and yeah I wear a pair of pipes I wear 'em like Sega like on a pair of thighs I'm Eric Wright, I'm +Ruthless+, I terrorize You'll either perish or be paralyzed; I'm a thousand degrees Fahrenheit I'm even keepin them heaters when we perform On stage rockin like we from Korn, the people roar What they don't know it's a secret war inside of a rider I'm seekin revenge on the world for bein born! And the desert eagle is "mi amor" She'll fuck you to death, blow your brains, either or cause she a whore [Royce Da 5'9"] Allow me to reassure your stripe's worthless Like a pair of Diadora's when it leaves the Adidas store Don't be comparin us to rappers Compare us to the Arabs, this a terrorist attack, uh - BOOM! Lord have mercy, we here to destroy EVERY-thing You niggaz is butter in front a FUCKIN machete swing Motherfucker I'm fly, I ain't no scary goon Try me and I guarantee you I'ma see you very soon Leave a nigga ass out like Prince, take his bitch Put my +Graffiti Bridge+ right +Under Her Cherry Moon+ (woo!) We notorious, pushin them Porsches Y'all niggaz the orphans; US, we the warriors [Interlude: Melanie Rutherford] Ohhhhh, wait a minute papis Royce, slow down baby [Joe Budden] This rap shit is a workout on my legs (why?) A nigga goin hard on his bike but two million dudes is jumpin on the pegs They know when that raw shit get recorded Either let your speakers enforce it or lay down in a moshpit Of course it's the bosses, actin like officers Runnin in these corporate offices Hungry lookin for a four-course dish no matter what the cost is Like the world's lawless so we don't know what remorse is Cause the V need like a thousand horses Slaughterhouse hoodie on, that's my new couture shit It's Jumpoff! He be the best Computers rank me number 1, blame the BCS It's they fault nigga [Joell Ortiz] Ask about your boy, I'm nice with my hands Maybe that's why, every last thing I write is a jam Minus the fans, the flights to Japan, I am the man Anyone who feel they could see me is in dire need of a eye exam My mind expands wider than the fanbase of a fire band And what I release from my diaphragm sticks to you, like the wrists of Spiderman Fool a average listeners what you liars can do but you will die a scam When I die they will retire my entire hand for years of scripted whoop-ass, makin intruders try a can I guess the moral of the story is Joell's victorious And e'rything's all gravy like Notorious [Crooked I] I left a nigga dead cause he said he was ready for I Let the Beretta give him wings since he said he was fly I'm in my Chevy ridin to "Bar Exam" and "Mood Muzik" They the closest to "Reasonable Doubt" and "Ready to Die" Crooked I, watch for snitches and wire devices My fo'-fifth, fire in crisis, lift you higher than prices All my ice, and on the mic, I am the nicest Me and my bitch ride for life like Osirus and Isis Yeah, word to Run-D.M.C. I'm +Tougher Than Leather-face+ Never threw a gun in the trash but they call me Weapon Waist It's like you movin from the projects to the Hamptons The way my hammers be sendin bastards to a better place [Royce Da 5'9"] Let me set it straight, they fans been led astray Niggaz keep gassin with guns with unleaded spray They don't know they one flow, one medic away From bein taken away from here in the leaded state I handle all of my serious issues with metal I stick you so deep in the earth your zipper can tickle the devil I'm skippin the pick and the shovel I'm pickin you up and I'm shovin your head in the mud until your kickings is level Pardon I live for the moment, you rhymin I give the atonement like the Indians, I scalp and I wig the opponent (yeah) But I'm a chief, matter fact I'm a BEAST I'm a motherfuckin Slaughterhouse G BOOM! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Iyana Dean Album: Street Hop Song: New Money Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: sample of Beastie Boys' "The New Style"] And on the cool check-in Center stage on the mic And we're puttin it on wax It's the new style! [Royce Da 5'9"] New money, quite powerful mic module Green ducats, black models, white bottles Packed house, you lookin at the wrong nigga Long digits, we can bet the farm who farm bigger Once I go in my zone, I could leave my jewelry at home I glow on my own, you can go in my phone You gon' see some numbers of bitches that's so into me A couple you might've fucked before, mentally I don't snitch, furthermore I tour {?} It's death before dishonor before misery Let us know it - we don't make it rain no more We pull out them dollars and let her throw it We gettin new money, let us blow it [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] + (Iyana Dean) {"New! New!"} [Royce] I'm soundin like new money to me, {"New"} money to me [Royce] {"New"} money to me, {"New"} money to me [Iyana] You shinin like new money to me, {"New"} money to me [Iyana] {"New"} money to me, {"New"} money to me [Royce] Whoa! [Royce Da 5'9"] No iller, flow realer, go-rilla I'm no killa, dope dealer, I'm so Dilla [Interlude: Iyana Dean] United we stand, divided we fall, let's pray Any, legend, you know, we gon' miss you Missing your life, turn up the lights Lighters hiiiiiiiiiigh! [Royce - during Interlude] Lighters, cell phones, whatever you got Put it up in the sky for the legendary J Dilla y'all Lights high! [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, you hoes can bring it, old school chosen English Frozen bling and throw-in singles Y'all niggaz, pray that your babies come out havin good hair I pray mines have all they toes and fingers We are different, point blank, distant It's just meant you rappin 'bout what I just spent As far as hip-hop's concerned you all the same A bunch of mohawks, skinny jeans and wallet chains A bunch of dancin beefin street blogger lames So don't get mad at the king if I should call your name The new cartel - the doc pop the tag off my ass  when I was born, my momma pussy had the new car smell [Royce Da 5'9"] With no booth, the flow through, I'm so truth I'm sittin in pudding right now, I'm so +Proof+ [Interlude] [Royce - during Interlude] One more time, hands in the AIR! For the legendary, Proof! Detroit baby, lights high! [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, Lord willin, 2Pac with more feelin Your boy's a giant, I step the floor ceilin's More drinkin, more spillin, poor thinkin You keep it one hundred, I keep it more Franklins I keep it one thousand I keep, buyin and buyin, while you lookin around until you done browsin Ha, I put my money where my mouth is (yes!) Gentlemen's bet, no gentleman 'bout this Non-regional dialect and outfit I'm on my West, Midwest, East, South shit I'm all about chips, with my swallow mouth bitch Signin out, P.S. (Slaughterhouse) BITCH!! {"New! New! New!"} [Interlude] [Iyana] Icewood The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: Shake This Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] Bein enlightened, is no longer enough You must apply Bein willin is no longer acceptable You must do, make it count [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Na-na-now, now I, I, I gotta shake this Na-na-now, na-na-now, now I gotta, I gotta I gotta shake this jail shit off me He ain't gon' never sell, he gon' fail shit off me I, I, I gotta shake this weak shit off me Keep shit off me, leave it in the streets like bitch GET OFF ME! [Royce Da 5'9"] 1977, July 5th Conceived immaculately was me, my mom's gift Unwrapped right there in the room like Christmas My mind has been designed to do light distance Run whole laps around y'all with my thoughts You ain't hold back on yours, naw that's my fault Now picture me fallin, all the way to the bottom and I'm layin and callin, somebody come help me find my strength to stop drinkin this poison 'fore I drown my gift, and yeah it's probably unhealthy Cause I went so hard and woke up sober I lost my good friend and broke up soldiers Loco, goin hard as a locomotive Self-loathin like I ain't chosen Chose to bless souls, get exposed Just know that I ain't foldin, huh I gotta shake this [Royce Da 5'9"] September 18th, 2-oh-oh-6 I roll up in the court thinkin "This should go quick" On some couple thousand dollar suit type shit From behind thousand dollar Cartier scripts I witness my world tumble down like bricks Two words she slurred, and it sounded like this (this) One year (one year) travel through the room like moonlight through the darkness, ooh it's heartless How could, I beat two felonies then turn around and lose like (lose like) like this! My lawyer sayin stay calm, people sayin pray for him They lockin my black ass up, like Akon My wife at the crib goin crazy Pregnant, yellin "I ain't havin no more babies!" People sayin Preem ain't fuckin with me no mo' Niggaz in the pen' lookin homo, NO! I gotta shake this [Royce Da 5'9"] (Yes!) Fresh outta jail feelin like Christopher Walken The king of my city, swingin my dick as I'm walkin Up to the 7-50, I open the door My cuz and like several bitches make up the decor I look in, he got a company porns I tell him "Nah I'm good, I woulda chubbed her before" I'm a new man but I could fuck with a whore Nigga my dick's so hard it's probably touchin the floor Ridin round in the back of a black luxury toy Gettin sucked, like niggaz cannot FUCK with me boy! When I look in the mirror, all I see is the real You niggaz shouldn't be here, R.I.P. if you will I'm the moment of truth (truth) I'm the only significant thing roamin the scene soon as I go in the booth I'ma do it this time, I'm feelin really defined Unsigned to signed, nigga the city is mines [Outro: Royce] Bitch get off me! Yeah, get off me! Bitch get off me! Now do that make me a liar? GET OFF ME! GET OFF ME! GET OFF ME! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Trick Trick Album: Street Hop Song: Gangsta Typed by: trickshady@hotmail.com [Intro: Trick Trick] You goddamn right, nigga This a no fly zone I ain't no motherfucking teacher so I ain't got no god damn parents You niggas better get permission, bitch [Verse 1: Royce Da 5'9"] I'm from the motherfucking D, nigga Home of the hit-man, murder mitten, bleed nigga If you a rapper, I diss your ass Then get mad at you for getting mad at me Then when I see you, I'll flip your ass It's quite easy, this whole clip is for your whole motherfucking family It's even for grammy like Weezy Beef is familiar, I ain't trying to give your ass no goosebumps I'm tryna to make you feel like I'm bout to Jump through your fucking speakers and kill you I'm one word, truest I'm P. Diddy's go-to guy recording at the lab Yung Berg's shoe is Niggas'll ride for you if you ride for you and They see it, I got an AK that I come at you and HD it I don't play that shit Show me a target, I'll spray that shit motherfucker [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I keep it (gangster) Long as I'm alive, I'mma keep it (gangster) (Can you feel my trigger hand?) It's whatever, my nigga, Say whatever, my nigga Go wherever, my nigga, just keep it (gangster) And long as they alive, they gonna keep it (gangster) (Can you feel my trigger hand?) It's whatever, my nigga. Go wherever, my nigga [Verse 2: Royce Da 5'9"] This is shooter music, I don't need to verbalize it We play the drums with the K's, I know that you heard us vibin' My auto-matic's faster, stronger Play the drums the size of Kanye's mullet in that Aston Onto fatigue, You ain't dead wrong make you wronger It's me, the best out, as far as passes I'm like Maino, my nigga, you can be as diplomatic As you wanna, professional as you wanna It's gonna still get gangsta cause you fresh out Go ask, I take your baby mama shopping No she ain't worth 50 cents just to get at your ass I'm so petty, any beef I'm so ready Now you trying kick it like you trying to go steady Trying to build a motherfucking relationship Niggas dissing and kissing and making up, I hate that shit [Interlude: Trick Trick] Oh, Royce, you know what's fucked up? Now we gotta make offers that these bitch ass niggas can't refuse See, these niggas think they can buy respect They never even earned respect They never learned respect So from here on out, Detroit is officially a no fly zone You heard it, all these bitch ass niggas Don't come to this motherfucker without permission Please don't make me have to demonstrate It's not about attention It's about the seriousness of what you bitch ass niggas think is a fucking joke Y'all wanna play? I'm not fucking playing, man I'm not fucking playing, man, okay The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Mr. Porter Album: Street Hop Song: Mine In Thiz Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9"/Mr. Porter] Boy, I done warned you I don't give a fuck, I do what I wan' do Better listen up close nigga, don't trip Yo heat's in the car, mine's in this bitch (oh! oh! oh!) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] I pull up clean, manners of a gentleman, trigger man, etiquette One felony away from a predicate That Pa-trn's my medicine Them stones blowin like they owned by Edison I am on my better than, everybody tip Walk up in the club make, everybody strip Everybody get (*gun cocked*), the fuck down, this a brrrp, stick up But I don't want no money, I want your (*burp*) liquor I'm a homicidal maniac, I know Clip full of hollows Models, swallow, gobble, smoke mad lala Stretch you out, so bad, you'll be able to kiss your own ass bye bye (*muah*) [Chorus - Mr. Porter] Now boy, I done warned you I don't give a fuck, I do what I wan' do Better listen up close nigga, don't trip Yo heat's in the car, mine's in this bitch (Oh! oh! oh!), mine's in this bitch (Oh! oh! oh!), mine's in this bitch Better listen up close nigga, don't trip Yo heat's in the car, mine's in this bitch [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] What the fuck do you mean, that I can't fuck bitch? Fuck this, I've been dope Flashy but I don't mean my money, I mean I'm nude under a trench coat I put the wreck in reckless, the 'sult in insult When you fuck bitches they be like "uh" When I fuck bitches they be like "AHHHHHH!" I'm a fuckin rapist, atheist, say yes, say no, (*scream*), KO Aiyyo, I'm a piranha, my pen is in the condom And you are the vagina, your flow is and ah kinda, so you can blow my anaconda Treacherous methods, respect my grammar and I (*gunshot*), oh I made you look Insane sixteens and crazy hooks I will fuck up, prostitute raw for I fall Follow me like I'm Allahu Akbar (rock star) [Break - Mr. Porter] You wanna see where the stars is at (HO!) We over here, where the bottles at? (HO!) You want a problem, I'm all for that (HO!) 'Cause you won't make it to the car for that [Interlude - Mr. Porter] Now ohh N-N-Now ohhN-N-Now ohh N-N-Now ohh, nana [Royce Da 5'9" - talking over Interlude] You are now dealin with the biggest criminal in the world Welcome to Gotham City, it's a star tonight [Verse 3 - Royce Da 5'9"] What the fuck do you mean, that I ain't in shape? Go bag Nelly I go and get me a fat bitch, we gonna slap bellies I keep a box of rubbers, cock, I got ya covered That's right I talk to my cock often like "cock, they love ya" Haha, I walk the block with a oven but not your mother's I'm talkin about the other, by the way - your mother I'm terrific, I'm the president, I'm Obama-rific Make up my own words, I'm the shitidic (I'm the shitidic, *laughing*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: Street Hop 2010 Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] {C'mon!} I smoke good like a Rasta mon All around me I'm on point like a octogon I'm the optimum I'ma be eatin until my belly stick out as far as the Octo-mom's I'm an abomination I'm an anomaly in conversation, I'm honorin confrontation With a dime doin dominatrix on her Disrespect me I'll wet you like condensation Water (water) I'm a mixture between Chris Brown and Chris Jericho, where's your daughter? ... I'm more than y'all can handle At the Grammy's I'll send an Indian girl to the podium to say "No thank you" like, Marlon Brando The Oscars, "The Godfather" Our father, you should praise me I got some syphilis nunchucks wearin a AIDS key That mean I'm sick when I kick SHIT! Come to my concert get some SARS on the tip of your TIC-KET! Hehe... I'm super cold I don't spit, I shit, on your whole team These niggaz think I'm from Cleveland It's somethin the way I be, droppin the Browns off at the Superbowl Game time, nigga let's hit the sto' And if I gave a FUCK, this is where the hook would go This is Street Hop, no rules The rest of y'all niggaz watered down like old dudes I'm willin to do what you won't do, I'm old school I'm a mac, I punch rappers cause I'm +Pro-Tools+ I hit your Pause button, I cease frontin You don't start nothin, it still might be somethin You don't want nothin, you might have somethin If I go over your head it's cause your ass duckin FUCK the underground I rhyme for them fly motherfuckers that's up, that ain't tryin to dumb it down FUCK radio, FUCK video I live by the Bust' +Scenario+, what the dealio? You could stop listenin, right now I'm pussy eatin with bitches, I put the dyke down Cause I'm a diamond, I'm llama rhymin, you Ramadan-in Simon says that in my prime I'm here Everywhere I go it's a crime there While you on-lookin at me in the lawn chair Cocaine (cocaine) propane (propane) I'm a livin degenerate of the dope game Relate to it  though you thought you probably couldn't put a face to the opposite of how the FAKE do it I'm hip-hop's savior, the old faithful Sick shit, stop you off that liquid like brake fluid This is Street Hop (Street Hop) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ K-Young Album: Street Hop Song: Thing For Your Girlfriend Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [intro skit plays for first 42 seconds] [Chorus: K-Young] I got a thing for your girlfriend She got a face of a goddess, ooh-wee, you already know Don't, d-d-don't blame me Don't, d-d-don't blame me Excuse me miss, I'm just passin Hope you don't mind me askin Are you lookin for some action? Cause I wouldn't mind waxin that ass [K-Young] And it ain't easy, understanding That your shorty may love ya But I'm surely gon' fuck her.. tonight I know that it's risky But I'm a bit tipsy And I can do what she wants She fiend the life of a baller Shit, she want it all (I'ma give it to her) All (Give it to her) All (Give it to her) All (All that) My dick and my balls I told ya, I'ma get in them drawers I just love the way she use her body-ody To be the spotlight of the party (ohh) You ain't got what it takes to keep her away from me [Royce Da 5'9"] I got a thing for your girlfriend She freakier than a muh'fucker, ain't she? Now I don't love no hoes, but I love yo's She make that cock blow, swa-la-llows Everywhere I look and, everywhere I go Your bitch wanna get with me, I can't tell her no Confront me about it and see the hammers You better off ambushin us with the "Cheater" cameras Your bitch bad with her thick ass Up and down, suckin me so fast she can get whiplash Haha, laugh, I'm the original I send her back to your bird-ass pigeon-toed Shovel that pussy, dig a bigger hole I'm lovin that pussy, I call it the centerfold I'm diggin Keri Hilson I'm lookin at Mariah Carey pictures; ay Nick! {*laughs*} [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm all about my paper Pathetic cash, I'm callin out your better half Bet it, I'm shootin premium gas, leaded Bet I could wax that ass without ass bettin Now let the realness set in (c'mon) really Bitch I'm illy, hotter than the Denaun milly You probably happy tonight, but after I strike You gon' need to fit your bitch with a trackin device A Hoe-Jack, yo' hoe vulnerable like no strap You on a +Mountain+ rockin a +Broke-back+ Haha, you faggoty actin while me and your bitch is engagin in tragedy passion Pass me your ex I'm tryin to hit Kim Kardashian now, and then Cassie is next Diddy you wrong, I feel bad for Ryan Leslie I woulda at least said (WOO!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: On the Run Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Chorus: Sample] Looking out my window from my mind's blown hotel room  I remember that cold, cold rainy night Looking out my window [Royce Da 5'9"] Feeling all alone on the run I'm still holding onto my gun Body on it from the previous evening I found out I'm wanted  Nigga's snitching is what the media screaming I turn the channel on the TV, the first 48 on  Man, it ain't a loyal nigga on this TV nowhere  I cut the power off, disgusted I'm contemplating taking a shower to take all the gunpowder off  But what if they bust in, busting The nigga at the front desk act like he don't recognize me but shit  There's a reward for me, that nigga there hustling I can't trust him I got to keep my eye on that window  Thinking about my kin folk, wife and babies  I can't talk to them, life is crazy Whoever thought it would come to this over rap nonsense Rap from the comfort of being attacked by my conscience [Royce Da 5'9"]  I think I'm a write a letter to my children In case I don't make it  I'm up against time but I won't face it I'm thinking about my life what it is now And how one slug can change what it once was I'm accepting the fact that I did that I just want my wife back, I just want my kids back I just want my niggas that don't snitch back Cuz real niggas know real niggas ain't with that But what's the use of me being real, I'm fucked now I'm seeing sirens out the window thinking what now Damn, am I to do? Cuz now that shit hit the fan I suddenly ran out of crew  But fuck it, I'm in the shit, I'm a end the shit  No way for me to benefit though I'm innocent  I hear a knock on the door like let's finish this [Police storm room] [Royce Da 5'9" talking] This life is about honor, respect but more importantly this life is about choices You make them and whether they turn out to be good ones or bad ones you live with them. You die with them Let's go back to how it all started The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: Murder Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] I got a phone call Six in the morning, anonymous, that said "Yeah nigga, we got him" and then they hung up Then I looked down at my iPhone At the private number saying "Who the fuck is this" to the dial tone I said fuck it, the next second my phone buzzes My nigga's wife said niggas just ran up on cousin What niggas? She said it was some rappers from Ohio That been out here north of Atlanta bone thugging Ran up on him and did what then? She said they stomped him at the club then pandemonium erupted [Woman singing] Murder [Royce Da 5'9"] Going through my mind, is she telling me shots was fired Them Ohio niggas is rock supplying Heated, stop answering, start spending them niggas calls Every time he went to see him he went in them rented cars So it was even harder to find him so they figured They'd go to the D tomorrow and surprise him Did they kill him? Nah, they only shot a couple times Heard they was hitting walls." The nerve of these niggas' balls Who was he with? He was with Tre" He in the hospital too? Nah." Needless to say, call you back I called up Tre, Tre answered, I said Hey man, keep it real fam, why the fuck you still standing? He said, Nickel I'm a killer, not a fighter So I got up out the way because my weight's a lot lighter Them niggas was big so I slid but I promise on my kids  We can get them, I know where them niggas is" Where them niggas at then? I heard what their crew do Real niggas, if y'all was in my shoes what would you do? [Woman singing] You going murder [Royce Da 5'9"] Jumped up, pumped up, feeling like Manson Malvo Groucho My bitch staring out me, I'm out though I ain't visting cuz in the hospital  Till I got at least one of them nigga's chain in my hand like Alpo Car headed to where Tre at Eject the BI to put in T.I., skip to +ASAP+ He off of the freeway in the projects I hit the exit without blinking to thinking in the process Tre come running out with a fully on some hot shit I'm like weapons ain't a thing, killing is the object What was you doing when they was kicking all on my fam? He said, Nickel, we about to get them niggas, goddamn Why you got to be so obnoxious?"  What? Just tell me where them niggas at before I take your ass hostage He said Alright. Around six around five  Of them niggas was riding around here in a maroon Crown Vic" I said alright, pulled out of the lot and made right You in the car that fit the description, say goodnight You got to pay the price Tre said, There they go in the alley Sitting in the car they probably blazing right And they can't see us cause we behind them" This ain't the time But what if this our only opportunity to find them" I said you right, pulled into the alley and seen two people in front of them niggas' car taking out garbage I said wait till these people finish, they innocent Soon as they go back in their cribs we going to finish it No sooner than a second after Tre jumps out of the passenger side blasting Past them niggas we here to kill, hitting them innocent bystanders Tearing their trash up Our enemies jumped out of their car waving badges They all shooting at me, nobody blazing at him This ain't adding up Car in reverse, now I'm mashing, leaving Tre behind Even though it's some questions that I got to ask him [Woman singing] Murder [Royce Da 5'9"] Burning rubber away from there in a bullet riddled car Trying to piece this shit together, hitting the boulevard If them niggas is the police, what the fuck is Tre? He ain't dead or in jail by now then he the other way Snitch or pig, I got to talk to my cousin That nigga setting me up then I'm a lift his lid That nigga know how hostile my reactions I call and try to find out what hospital he at then Every nigga pickup just laugh when I ask Have you heard about cuz getting smashed maybe I'm the ass then Head hurting like a motherfucker, looking for a gas station Now a nigga need a fucking aspirin I hear a familiar ringtone from my phone It's my bitch texting me telling me don't come home I'm thinking damn should I text back, why me My phone starts ringing it's Tre on the ID He said, Them niggas tried to get me but I slid" He want to tell me in person, meet me at my crib I said nigga please I threw the phone out the window rolled over it crushed it into a million pieces I hit the blinker quick then hit the highway If I'm a be a target y'all know I'm a do it my way After I rolled for a few hours I'd say I was tired after I got out of the tri state Can't help but feel like another lame exposed Pulling up to an old telly in the rain and cold The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9"  Album: Street Hop Song: Bad Boy Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] We serve teardrops Prolific flow from Jamaica Wake up We getting that bread like a baker Take ya Life like it's nothing Boys swing I will blood clot everything from your block to your offspring You not hardcore Wouldn't crack an egg Why the fuck you actin' hard boiled? Boom bye bye is the tune I abide by I'm aligned with goons, it's wireless like wi-fi Why try? I'm on the cusp of greatness You bum-ba-cluts fly, I'm on a fuckin' spaceship Enough in the bracelet to make the blind squint I'm Eazy, Cube, Yella, Dre, Ren times ten I'ma [Verse Two] Put you in a slumber Come on bruh You a bum, you under my um- -Brella, I put you in the dumpster Whatever, I ain't the Fella who you want Roc with I will botty boy kill ya Fuck all that dumb shit Put you up under concrete I'm cut like a gauntlet  Beat ya like a blum blum drum stick Mumble something I come through dumpin' AK 47 pumpin', blow like a trumpet The foolishness of niggas bullshit Who you trying to push bitch? Booyakah Full clip, don dada You no test me Shabba Rank impostor You no want drama I'm prepared for 'Nam I'ma [Verse Three] You're in a headlock Tie your family up like a dread lock Gong niggas like Junior Marley when the lead drop Eat 'em like a meal while the fed watch You married the street I just fucked it out of wedlock Before I rip on ya Rasta should warn ya They don't all love ya Push needles into the eyeballs of a little doll of ya Blind ya Align ya Red rum with murder for hire Serve your supplier Pill poppin' and coke snortin' We kill for fun 'til we come for your fortune Bad boys, bad boys, what you gonna do? When them killas come for you I'ma The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Street Hop Song: Part of Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce  whispering] You took a part of me with you You took a part of me with you Uhh, you took a part of me with you Ahh, ahh [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Last night we had a one night stand But when I woke up in the mornin I missed you You see, all I'm sayin is can I see you again? Cause when you left you took a part of me with you A part of me with you [Royce Da 5'9"] It's like it's a, urban legend, his mistake Her confession; how 'bout it for a first impression How 'bout it, with the Birkin lookin perfectly measured Lookin certain as ever like she got her purpose together or whatever Him, he was like a typical thug Hat and glasses, he had to bag the baddest bitch at the club He had a, way with his words, a certain  how should I put it? "Je ne sais quoi" is how the French bitches would mention him Never known for lovin them all, havin them drivin his cars Havin them in the mall on his budget ballin Him tryin to call her is the part of the issue He said that when she left she took a part of him with her He ain't a stranger to the one night stand If you lovin them you's a sucker - that's the one night sayin But why give him the wrong number and fuck him later on girls? That's all I'm sayin; let me tell you how they meant He approached her with the usual swagger "How you doin?" Blahzay-blee-blah-blah-blah, the usual blabber Now that the, ice is broken it's time to get linked He asked her if he could buy her a drink  she nodded to him and said "I don't really drink but thank you for the offer (aight) Let me buy you one and we can finish talkin (let's do that then) How 'bout some Patron, and have him fill the cup up (Aiyyo bartender, can you fill that up?) And when you finish up we can get into somethin" (where we goin?) He like it's, easy as pie, you see it in his eyes He tryin to turn her out tonight and leave her where she lies Tell his friend he hung her out to dry Another bitch taps him on the shoulder and he turns around surprised She said, "How you doin? I think I know you from somewhere (I don't think so) Yes I do, don't you drive that Mercedes out there? (yeah that's me) You was drivin by me one day I was walkin (word?) You pulled over to me and we started talkin" (oh okay) While they talkin Shorty 1 grabbed somethin out her Birkin Tossed it in his drink and watched it sink to the surface Shorty number 2 kept talkin like she was tryin to stall him Long enough for that thing to dissolve in 1 gives a signal, 2 says "Who's this?" He's like, "Sorry I'm rude" then introduces 1 to 2 - they start hittin it off just like he wants them to, it's wonderful He thinkin, she's a skeezer, she's just easy They both probably bi, so they should lead to a threesome They both probably high cause neither one of 'em drinkin They both keep gigglin so you know what he thinkin He swallows his Patron shot, sets the cup on top the bar, like we gon' fuckin party, don't stop 1 cues 2 then, says "Where yo' ride at?" He says "Hey, I let valet decide that" They laughed, they leave, he says "Mami drive that I'm tired or I'm high, I just wanna lie back" They get to the hotel, they get on the elevator He ain't feelin so well like "Fuck it, I'll get better later" They get in the room and start takin off they clothes Dude steppin out his shoes while he checkin out the hoes He's sick so he sits, 1 says "Lay down" 2 says, "I'll take off his clothes, okay now?" He loses consciousness, he dreams of number 2 ridin him Slidin up and down with no condom Number 1 suckin on his dick usin both hands Both hoes dressed like nurses, I guess they role playin He comes to as the rooms circle and comes to a stop He not certain or not is he still dreamin (where the fuck am I?) He feels numb so he looks down and sees that he's layin in a tub, full of ice from his knees to his waist, in a bathroom with grief on his face He feelin like he too weak to move so he waits He feel around and notices a piece of paper stickin to the tub from his bitches and it's written in his blood (WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?) He panics, he screams, oh God, what's happenin? More readin, less prayin, no time for rationin The letter reads "Never ask for shit Cause you can get more than you ask for, we have yo' DICK!" (AHHHHH!) The letter reads "Never ask for shit Cause you can get more than you ask for, we have yo' dick!" (Bitches! *sobbing*) You took a part of me with you (my DICK!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Bun B, Joell Ortiz Album: Street Hop Song: Hood Love Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on It ain't nothin like (like, like) Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on Preme [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] It ain't nothin like love from the hood (hood) Ain't no feelin like rollin through knowin you good (good) 'Cause you been keepin it real When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) Love from the hood Ain't no feelin like rollin through knowin you good 'Cause you been keepin it true (true) When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Royce Da 5'9" give ya ill verses Ryan Montgomery is the real person No makeup, that's why you couldn't touch me up I remember bein locked up (locked up) This nigga walked up, tryin to battle (okay) I went ahead and let 'em finish then I told 'em "do that again I'm a  fuck you up" (true story) Now take a journey through a nigga's psyche The only snitch in my life is the chick tryin to split up me and wifey You think you like me, I'm aight with that I don't even call my nigga Budden "Mouse", it sound too much like a rat So may your steps be just like your stacks (stacks) High, afraid of death, havin a life attack It's I, got the soldiers for the coca price Your poker face on, I'm a turn your channel to the "Poltergeist" (woo) My out of town niggaz know the business When you land, I'll come get you, we gon' get it [Chorus - Bun B] It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like rollin through and knowin you good 'Cause you been keepin it real When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like rollin through and knowin you good 'Cause you been keepin it trill When niggaz see you, they salute you (salute you) [Verse 2 - Bun B] It ain't nothin like walkin your block One deep on your city streets nigga, no hawk or no glock No blades in your mouth or box cutters in socks 'Cause real niggaz show love and bad bitches on your jock Every corner got a homie you know well Even if somebody see a deal, then they won't tell (shh) Your man say he got the goods, so you tryin him out The ice cream truck roll through, you buyin 'em out The youngsters helpin out the old folks (hold up), with something hard to do The kids is playin, nobody beefin and it's a barbeque And every backyard with the old school jams on Sweet potato pie courtesy of your grandma (already) Everybody's home, nobody on the yard We drinkin and smokin the night away with no regard Nobody arguin and everything's good Man it ain't nothin like love from the hood, that's understood [Chorus - Joell Ortiz] It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like comin through knowin you good 'Cause you be keepin it real When they see you, they salute you (salute you, come on) It ain't nothin like love from the hood Ain't no feelin like comin through knowin you good 'Cause you be keepin it G When they see you, they salute you (salute you, word) [Verse 3 - Joell Ortiz] It ain't nothin like, what I do every other night Pick up the liquor, send the fiends to go get the cups and ice Sit on that project bench and have some of the funnest nice (come on) We spend that wrong doin makin money the summer right (yeah) The smell of somebody barbeque got my stomach hype (mmm) 'Tata salad, rice and some chicken, a little something light (uh huh) A beast with the cards, they always ask me to shuffle twice Swear that I be cheatin, I'm just fuckin nice (haha) Cut that, rug rat, niggaz that robbed, never tried your boy (never) Only just me, no security that I employ (nope) I never need to wear iron toy (why?) I ain't naive, I just hang with some killers and I'm their pride and joy (yeah) But nah, ain't about that right now (nah) It's about the jokes, weed smoke and the cat fights, meow (what else?) It's about them New Year's on the roof, with your gat like bloaw Outside the booth I'm the truth, give me dap like "yowwa" (haha) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Mr. Porter Album: Street Hop (Deluxe Edition) Song: I'm Fresh Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  "Mr. Porter has asked me to warn you  that this next joint may harm your speakers,  especially if you're riding in a whip with a shitty system.  Ha ha ha, I made a funny." [Intro] Uhh {"As we proceed, to give you what you need"} 5'9" motherfuckers Get live motherfuckers [Royce Da 5'9"] Get ready {"Cause this ain't"} FUNNY! {"My name's"} 5'9" and I'm about to get MONEY! If you could name another nigga that can do it quite the way I do it I will have to say I blew it Biggie, Pun, 'Pac'll say "I knew it, homie is the truest" So let your cronies know you're only phony as your crew is When that beat start, droppin and that heat start, poppin Now that "Street Hop" is knockin OxyContin, crack, coke, weed Her-o-in; we're, cho-sen OxyContin, crack, coke, weed Her-o-in; we're {dope dope.."} Nigga stop jockin, if I ain't like God then God is just like me Firin squad, I am so fly God can sight me I am me, I am simply my own envy I'm jealous of myself, by all means [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I'm {"Fresh!"} Tell you da-da-da-ding, call me Cause {"We are"} {"Fresh!"} Dope boy {"Fresh!"}... {"Today's agenda"} Hip-Hop {"Niggaz bleed"} dick shots {"There's never been a nigga this good for this long"} {"Today's agenda"} Fuck y'all hoes {"Get money"} I'm so dope boy, rock-rock star {*scratched*: "Fresh! Fresh!"} [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Mr. Porter) Triumphant, honestly I am just here to get clear Like Niacin dietin bullets take a nigga weight away from him like Jared from Subway, tryin to get full and I am the bull and you ridin, blow your puddin inside of your hooded I'm out of my mind, +ketchup+ or y'all'll be Heinz I am (I'm just playin wit y'all niggaz!) Sinister pimpin with benefits {"I put the gun to ya"} {"Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya"} And use a sample to finish my sentences Y'all niggaz extra, I call all my niggaz comin to get ya I call all my bitches Carmen Electra Extra {"BITCH!"} Read all about me Newspaper, move fakers, food taker, I'm starvin I bombard you so pardon like I'm fartin The one comes with a bullet, that goes beyond chartin You couldn't finish what I'm startin [Mr. Porter] ... I'm just playin wit y'all niggaz! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Grafh Album: Street Hop (Deluxe Edition) Song: It's All About Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus 2X: Royce Da 5'9"] I fuck with niggaz that murder They do the type of shit you ain't heard of Divide a nigga clique with the burner It's all about ahhhhhh-ah-ah-ah-ah-ahhhhhh-ah-ah-ah-ah [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm like Socrates So to assume is to make an ass out of you fast after you drop to me Look at the word, that's a suit, that's what you would do Choo-choo train handguns, do your crew I squeeze while I'm lookin at you Cause you made a mistake like my nigga Crooked I's tattoo I'm the answer - you niggaz is candy Ya heart pump blood yet smell like a Jolly Rancher While I'm lampin in my mansion with my private dancer My man's outside of your house, my hired campers I ain't the hardest nigga in the world All I know is if you love me and know me you know I [Grafh] Yup, you know I fucks with them niggaz that murder They trigger finger's itchy when they grippin them burners I am not a 9-to-5'er, I don't sit with them workers Nigga I was flippin work while you was flippin them burgers But I used to work in offices, now I'm the president I'm where the Oval Office is but I don't roll with officers I roll with loaded cartidges, don't know what law enforcement is I know, I was marvelous, the road is like an orphanage I blow and explode because I'm the arsonist, unloadin where the target is I throw, gang signs when I pose for photographers You don't know what the motto is, it's death before dishonor Black Hand President, I's elected before Obama I'da ran [Outro: Royce] Yeah (yeah) Black Hand (Black Hand) M.I.C. Records, Gracie Prod' Y'all know what it is nigga It's Mr. Porter, from here on out Haha, NICKEL, "Street Hop" SLAUGHTERHOUSE! {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Big Sean, Mr. Porter Album: Street Hop (Deluxe Edition) Song: My Own Planet Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Mr. Porter] Let's go! I'm just playin, I'm just playin wit y'all niggaz... Let's go! I'm just playin wit y'all niggaz Mr. Porter! [Intro: woman] Dear hip-hop I thought hip-hop was supposed to be a means of poetically expressing yourself But it seems these days you'd say anything to get your CD's off the shelf Hard times I am still compelled to move But I swear to you it's that, old school groove that's playin above the lyrics Because if the music wasn't there, I definitely wouldn't hear it... [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, right off the rip nobody could fuck with me I'm out of space, mind and body, my soul and so on (so on) Mami I'm fly is an understatement Come to greatness [Chorus: Mr. Porter - singing] I'm on my own planet, I'll do my own thing Then turn around and pat myself on the back, for doin good I don't need nobody else, I'm gon' do it by myself Say what you wanna say but stick to the facts, it's all good It's all good [Royce Da 5'9"] Right off the rip nobody is quite like me You gon' need a NASA spacecraft to sight me If you don't like me bite me I could give a fuck-less, fightin excites me Leanin on the moon with a Patrn fifth playin my own shit And I sound terrific I'm not cocky, I'm beyond that It's time to start another hobby, I'm beyond rap Run and tell your baby daddy and your son Ray I'm hot, I sunbathe on the sun babe I'm the one on the one-way Head from pretty long legs from the runway My nigga Notty is a genius You gon' need a ladder just to climb on my penis Got two words for the rap game Fuck y'all! [Royce Da 5'9"] Right off the rip you thought it was a wrap for me Didn't you? Go on 'head and admit it hater Cold as ice, I'm a livin refrigerator The reason hip-hop's breathin the defibrillator I did a bid just for drunk drivin It never happen again cause now I'm drunk flyin I'm a innovator When I say I'm on Venus I don't mean that I'm datin the tennis player I'm on Saturn where you don't matter Alone, I'm past the zone where your phone scatters (Hello?) Can you hear me now? You don't got a fuckin choice I elbowed my way into e'rybody conversations with rhymin, timin and patience, now I'm in space bitch I used to have to be on some "watch what I say" shit But now you gotta TAKE IT! [Big Sean] Boy, I'm a cool ass nigga bitch, B-I Right off the rip his respect is demanded Sittin on y'all so you can't understand it I back a bitch down like a nigga chiropractic Back in this bitch like I'm puttin on a jacket Mission impossible for feelin all my tactics Boy, until I'm fillin up a casket You know, I think I'll have the souffl Mr. Big Shot, Russian Roule' My neck look like +Water Boy+, where's Bobby Bouchet? Bitches jump for me and I'll knock the bouquet (Hoo-ray) Ha, I used to ride up in the putt-putt Now I rolls in the green, Tiger Wood putt putts Your girl used to be my bus slut Fuck my truck up cause I'm fuckin Tiger's sluts, yup! ... So hold your girl close She scream B-I-G like she recognize a ghost Fuck with me, yup The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Go Hard Pt. 1 Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Verse One] [Royce] Bar Exam 3 is like a mock a nigga, pop a nigga mockery Housin', put the lock on it, Monopoly Call me Enterpriser Stick my battery inside a little white bunny, you can call me Energizer The most interesting man in the world, I know papi Sippin' root beer floats Saki mixed with Dos Equis I'm a Slaughterhouse rock star I pick up the biggest pig I can find and throw it at the windshield of a cop car Dissin' me can be pretty fatal  Cause bitch I got +Money In The Bank+ from puttin' that shit into Yayo like 50's label Fuckin' freak Ya mommy and daddy, daddy and daughter Ya daddy, your grand daddy, your name fatty is Carter She like, "Get inside me" but that's a tight squeeze  Once I'm in her juice box she gon' hit the Hi-C's/high c/high sea I'm hooked up cause I'm ill ass fuck like I.V.'s I bare arms like it ain't nothin' up my sleeves The next MC that rhyme 'official' with 'ref with a whistle' That ain't Young Money I'ma definitely diss you If you Rhymin' 'packin' a mac' with 'back of the Acura' Perhaps you can't match my spectacular vernacular You still rhymin' 'bottles' with 'models' 'College' with 'knowledge' Usin' the word 'swagga' You're probably garbage You thugs funny Comparin' 5'9" to anybody You comparin' Superman to Bugs Bunny [Royce talking] You are now rockin' with the Bar Exam 3! The most interesting man in the world. [Chorus] [Royce] B3 go "Hard hard hard" Nickel Nine go "Hard hard hard" Kid Vishis go "Hard hard hard" Nigga we so "Hard hard hard" [Verse Two] [Kid Vishis] I be blazin' I'm talkin' 'bout stone Goliath in the fight verse David I'll kill ya Bullets ain't lyrical Blaoka! Goin' straight to the point, the gun's Waka Flocka Rhymes is electric Fire bolts! It'll make your voice crack like Whitney hittin' high notes I got a metal gut with large nuts You bitch ass niggas, we call y'all "dog butts" Yeah, I remember what they said Yeah, my pockets used to be skinny, now they fat like K-Fed Aww man My bullet's is a fan of me Kiss him right in the mouth, do him like Kid Cudi They say one man's trash, another man's treasure I call her a fat, black, bitch, you call her Precious Since I'm a gun blazer It cost me nothin' to take your money, Vishis like a fund raiser Rutger by me You with a gun is a bigger myth than Jay-Z in the Illuminati This is B verse rockin' So you gettin' punched up more than Mike Tyson do to paparazzi Freeze when you see the mag, I don't flash I blast Leave his ass as nasty as Trina rash When it come to that rhymin' shit Nigga, I'm a steroid shot You a Flintstone Vitamin [Outro] [Royce] M.I.C. Records! The most interesting man in the world! [Chorus] [Royce] B3 go "Hard hard hard" Nickel Nine go "Hard hard hard" Kid Vishis go "Hard hard hard" Nigga we so "Hard hard hard" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (Royce Da 5'9" f/) Kid Vishis Album: The Bar Exam 3 Song: Kid Vishis Skit For No Reason Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {*farting noise*} [Kid Vishis] It's Fry Boys Radio You're now fryin up in the skillet where anybody can motherfuckin get it If you cain't take the heat get yo' bitch ass out the kitchen I'm so sick of this ol' dog butt shit and that means bitch-ass for you niggaz that don't get it We the ones with all the guns AR's, rocket launchers Shit we done did it all nigga Don't fuck with nuts {*4X*} {*laughing*} It don't help that this nigga Royce right here laughin {*vocal scratch*} And you ain't never got to guard me Nah now you gotta do it~! Ricky baby! You ain't never got to guard me Ricky baby! Mmmmmmmm-mmm-mmmmmm Mmmmm-hmmmmmmm Humm on my nuts Hmmmmm When Jes-uhhh-us, blew up the room Blew up a room That's right I'ma bring it from the soul nigga Blew up a room Blew up a room At yo' funeral I'ma just bust right up in the motherfucker like blew up a room I'ma bust right in the motherfucker like blew up a room C'mon man I'm out of here dog Y'all fucked people I'm in here trippin {*door opens*} I'm out of here! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: It's Over (Freestyle) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] They say I'm the best in here Picture your wife fuckin your twin, I'm like him May the best man win, so later for you bums A ways back I made a pact to stay sharp enough to sharpen a razor on my tongue I'm sick with this, you sick like a panty sniffer And you just wanna see her pee, like a dick blister Y'all remind me of Fantasia brother, y'all be whylin On TV every day I turn on y'all and y'all be cryin I'm SURGICAL with this motherfuckin pen The sickest nigga spittin 'til the end {*echoes*} I don't really have to go against actors I'm the last lyrical W.T.F.O.M.G. factor so back off 'fore I blow your kneecap off I'ma eat this beat like a bee eatin vegan, industry's where the beef is In the car goin beep-beep while I roll over the drums and just straight {*blam blam*} 'Bout to build me a time machine and, get in it, and go back I'm done Find Frank Nitti and Al Capone like, "Can y'all autograph my gun?" Haha, I ain't tryin that hard right now, I'm just havin fun Tell the whole world I just had a son, first name Earth, last name None You live on that and your cash ain't come and you don't spit that shit ass ain't gone Raised by a gangsta, come in the house with your ass whipped and you get an ass whoop-un What a nigga know about the water in the shower gettin cold cause the bathroom faucet is on The reason why I grabbed you, stabbed you, out-rap you and I ain't feelin like tossin a crumb Heat a nigga house with the oven, like I like thuggin, what I probably just spit on my mother Had to heat up the house with the oven, had to spend the night with my cousin Guess I'll be poppin lots of shit, you can't do nothin 'bout it bitch So get the heads up or be my Rock'em Sock'em opposite I'm like a stock of bond, that could drop a bomb Ridin slow with the slidin do' on the side open on that minivan intended for no soccer mom Lighters up high, I'm your fire supply Writer with mad skills, I'm ill so hire your guy Nobody's harder, he don't give a FUCK what he slaughters He will drag your slutty daughter through the muddy waters This beat is bait, get it out of me I can shit it out me it's ate, I think I owe Drake an apology Tweet about that you little fuckin fruit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Bun B, Slaughterhouse Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Nobody Fucking With Us Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Bun B] Let's get it started like transmission and alternators Got the keys in the cage ready for who you call the greatest Takin 'em down from the biggest bitches to smallest haters I'm 'bout to serve these niggaz, call 'em waiters Got my mind right, money right, ready for war And I got the C4, under my competitor's car These niggaz runnin 'round talkin 'bout they better than moi When I'm done all that's gon' be left bitch is ya head and ya bra Bitch I'm ahead of the pack, and I'm ahead of the game And I put yo' head on a platter you put some shit on my name Bitch I'm the shit, see the stains that I done left on the track? And I ain't sayin no names but I left the best on they back And they ain't sayin no names so I gotta say it myself I'm finger fuckin this game so you gotta play with yourself Don't pull a K off the shelf, or pull a strap out the stash I ain't gotta draw the pistol, I will chop at yo' ass I just let the hands of God toe-tap on you fast Leave you mashed like potatoes on the top of the grass Call the coppers to catch me and they'll just tell you to drop it I'll find you sooner or later, and they can't do shit to stop it Got that thang and I'ma pop it like a bubble on the double I am trouble in the flesh, you can't see me with the Hubble We ain't wishin these niggaz good luck, go get a clover This Bun B, it's "B.E. 3," this shit is over [Crooked I] SLAUGHTERHOUUUUUSE! (Whoo, Kiiiiiiiid!) [Joe Budden] Look at ya man look back at me, yeah I know, sickenin huh? Few got a Porsche with only two doors, need to upgrade cause you missin some We just got two different bills, different styles, different sums Started as a drive-by, ended as a hit-and-run Stop me in the streets, let it be properly when you greet Fuck lookin for me, I'm on your property if it's beef Not for robbery of ya piece, it's lobomomy with my peeps That comraderie is usually sodomy for the beat 'Less my critics put a lens on them, so I could look through it Shut the fuck up, probably mean that you too shook to do it We'd see two pennies to your name, yet you so saucy When I fix this game you can +Thank Me Later+ for it, no Aubrey Switch my demeanor up I'm, off my 380 shit My, future's bright, stars is by my head, baby shit Make me sick, what you eat don't make me shit Found out the reason they hate me is my God-like presence, must be athiest While all of the frauds in rap is talkin swag put a fork in that Slaughter's back, listen nigga I got houses all across the map Even got a Boston pad, got this bitch from Boston bad Well put her in a wrestlin move, but I heard she got that +Boston Crab+ Batteries in your back, go by what he say Just need you to know that it's no lee-way, and the tables are turned, go DJ So you know what that blindfold's for That bloodshed's a secret, let's keep it behind closed doors [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Who you said was dope again? Ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you said was hot again? Ay ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you say could spit again? Ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us Who you say was dope again? Ay ay, it ain't nobody fuckin with us, nobody fuckin with us [Crooked I] I'm the present and the future Like Christmas in 2012 I'm the present in the future, an executive producer You will never get to choose ya destiny cause you a pessimistic loser Mess with me and I'll definitely shoot ya I'ma do's ya like I'm reppin the Yakuza Die hard like I'm sexin with Medusa, do somethin nigga Born thuggin, I don't fuck with the cock Nuts hang down my pant leg, balls tucked in my socks I ain't gotta act tough to get a couple of props Little nigga raised hisself, I don't know what's up with my pops Do I think I'm the dopest, in America? I do Make you switch your whole style like you're datin Erykah Badu Pair of Ferragamo shoes, I will stomp you I'm fucked up, like the relationship between Farrakhan and Jews I'm spankin this instrumental, like a wrinkly old bitch I'm whippin the kick and snare, make 'em pick they own switch I'm smarter than computers that know how to fix they own glitch I'll leave you face down, like chicks who lick they own tits And from this day forward, Crooked is aging backwards Gettin younger and fresher, puttin bums under some pressure Yes sir! Watch the next Slaughterhouse album Every line is white powder, I ain't talkin 'bout talcum I am tighter than "The Biggest Losers" cruisin in a Smart car Distinguished alkie, the flask on the armoire I'm from the home of the most popular bomb weed Most proper, hoes rock with my partners who top seed Po' vodka, we gon' bottle pop in the calm breeze No copper can stop a COB star - I'm a giant Dumpin my cigar ashes out on top of the palm trees Chrome chopper, if I squeeze you drop on the concrete You wanna talk about the paper? Oh let's do it Batter pocket syndrome, the money we gon' abuse it Still gettin out-of-town paper so don't confuse it Tell the hip-hop cops nah, it's only music And haters steady eavesdroppin on "The Bar Exam" Probably in your trunk now dependin on what car I ram The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Airplanes (Freestyle) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com Since '99 I've been dope in this Focusin' Unfocusin' Sure as the sun floats and sure as the sun smokin' I was the gun totingest  My cuz told me Don't get demoted, keep it close to your digits You know you get it, you let yourself get too close to them chickens I said, "I disagree" Then I let Superhead lick on me Strokin' the kitten, the cat stacks 'Bout to turn around and write a book about both of them bitches Next stop, to the top I done went from A to X,Y Almost at Z Chillin' at a rest stop My new bitch call her my PS3 You? Your bitch pussy call it my X-Box Me I'm the rhyme ruler Me and Denaun together Deadly as Nas in his prime You 'bout deadly as a benign tumor Since '92 been a highly touted retarded truth Prolly 'bout to Eli Porta-potty somebody booth Never sellin my soul, I'm sellin' my skills I'm on Raps Radar now Elliott Wilson Painter of the underground canvas Even though I can't freelance no more The underground's famished Before I settle for less then average I'll swallow a watermelon Follow it with a double down sandwich I swear that God told me Slaughterhouse would be the second time around for me All eyes on me! I know I'm not the greatest I go hard Your boom box is now invaded Bogart Look at me today 8 years ago, I was popular for being hated Solar! Nickel Nines the ruler God combined with Buddha Gifted oblongata, prized medulla Each lines like a computer bomb designed by Mcgyver That only can be detonated by a MacGruber I'm thinking if I ain't binge drinkin' then I ain't livin' Somebody told me I'm prolly dyin', but I ain't listen By the time it could harm me I'll prolly die by a trigger So I'm only goin' cold turkey, right after Thanksgivin' I paint pictures between blank scriptures Scriptures, now just how contradictory is it that I pray? The names Royce and I be poppin' so much pussy Dwight Howard look at me sideways And while the bitches try to grab all on my dick I can't even get my own nigga to rap on my shit You form a clique it should be sacred I shouldn't say shit Cause the Truth Hurts Like the bitch that Dre ditched Nobody loves my niggas like me Sober or wasted, for you there's no replacement I swear that god told me Slaughterhouse would be the second time around for me All eyes on me! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3 Song: The Most Interesting Man in the World (Skit) #2 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce Da 5'9"] Nigga I got a special hearing aid {*laughter*} Made out of the little piece of ear Mike Tyson bit off Evander Holyfield AND~!! Every time me and my girlfriend get into a fight Oscar De La Hoya promote it {*more laughter*} ... how you like that? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Slaughterhouse Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Beamer, Benz, or Bentley (Shady MegaMix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly New York, Jersey, Philly - you know I keep it filthy Out in New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly New York, Jersey, Philly - check it Rockin spikes and a beater, beside me a diva I'm hearin all the talk of how you ride with a heater Make sure I don't survive but when I see ya You +Sleep With a Broke Heart+, like you went and took advice from Alicia Tell me if you really wanna take it there Best in the world if you ain't remained aware Latest gear, love nope, hate it yeah You and your scared style'll get aired out, start stop and stare now Change the truck's grille, yeah the car got veneers now Lot of rappers spittin shit, I don't wan' hear now They talkin Gucci but they shoppin at Sears now If you weren't prepared now, you ain't get the warnin yet So I'ma go hard early, call it mornin sex New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly New York, Jersey, Philly; tinted up, rims silly If a nigga try and kill me, chalk it up as the brother whylin Your mind playin tricks on you, get off Shutter Island Showin you somethin you never would see, I'm gettin checks every week You tryin to meet your executive needs, I'm in executive suites consecutively Somebody had to body ya, guess the job was left to me So when I kill the track they can't charge me with double jeopardy They asked you if I'm a boss and you say "No sir" How you don't concur? My gopher got a chauffeur Standin on the couch in the club with a nympho Reppin Slaughterhouse, see the blood on the window I try and get wealthy, bein broke gettin healthy So I ain't tryin to buy whatever shit they try and sell me Got a broad up in the telly I could trust her what you tell me Still bringin +Lunatics+ with me, yeah I learned that trick from Nelly Cause I know that it get urgent, when they see you just splurgin Strip club, in the private room tryin to fix the curtains Wanna cause a big excursion, run up on the kid squirtin Make sure the mac ain't broke and you ain't buy the Knicks version Out in New York, Jersey, Philly; New York, Jersey, Philly [Joell Ortiz] Nissan, Honda, Chevy - my stash is never empty baby Nissan, Honda, Chevy; Nissan, Honda, Chevy Nissan, Honda, Chevy - th-the D's will never get me In my hoopty I be swervin, the public's who I'm servin Boost phone forever chirpin, I'll be out there puttin work in Know them dirty boys lurkin, if they nab me then it's curtains So when I'll go see a person I spin the blocks so I'm certain that it's cool, I'm no fool, see Raul is more than reckless So I meet him when it's busy at that Meek or Morgan exit Off that BQ, B-B-B-B-B-B-BQE near Mickey-D's And occasionally treat myself to a nice little fish and cheese I'm really really in the street, bein broke's my enemy Teachers said I'm dumb but I dropped out and I know chemistry I make that soft get hard And meet my homie Pito in the parkin lot of Home Depot off Northen Boulevard I got my route down packed, I'm about my stacks And my mouth don't chat, I let my bout-bout clap But I ain't with that though, I'm tryin to get that dough (yaowa) Beamer, Benz or Bentley? Oh no, I stay low In that Nissan, Honda, Chevy; Nissan, Honda, Chevy [Royce Da 5'9"] Pistol clip and pistol - that's all I rap about It's my pistol clip and pistol, pistol clip and pistol Pistol clip and pistol - that's all I rap about bitch My dick is like a missile, my pistol's in my pants But my dick is hangin lower than my pistol clip and pistol bitch Now we talkin 'bout my dick, you know yo' shit big when your bitch give you head and her mouth is only 'round the top of it Now let's talk about my pistol clip If the gun is playin music than the pistol clip's the instrument The soldier holdin onto the fo'-fo's composin The drummer's BRRRRRRRRRRRR, 7-6-2's explodin I'm about to stop talkin 'bout my dick, pistol and my pistol clip Dick, pistol, pistol clip, bitch, I'm a hypocrit If you say, fuck the world that mean that I'm literally tryin to put my big, big dick in it My, pistol clip, pistol whistlin {*whistling to the beat*} ... I hope you listenin Pistol clip, pistol big dick, now your bitch is interested I'm 'bout to enter it and injure it I am not indirect, I am so motherfuckin BLUNT Pistol clip, pistol dick, BITCH! I'm sayin - you like, "Oh my God, get that gun out of my face" It's not in yo' face, it's in my hand Pistol clip and pistol [Crooked I] Tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me It's tequila, vodka, Henny; tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me Yeah I'm nickels dimes and pennies, I'm dollars fives and twenties And I'm twenties fifties Benji's; buy Beamers, Benz and Bentleys Buy bullets, guns and semis; buy Louie, Gucci, Fendi Fuck Wendy's, Mickie's, Denny's; I'm Morton's, Chow's and Benny's With Keisha, Tasha, Kimmy, Felicia, Shauna, Cindy Jameeka, Dawn and Jenny, Tamika, Rhonda, Nikki They from New York, Jersey, Philly on tequila, vodka, Henny Patrn, Croc and Remy, some weed, shrooms and pilly's Now we loco, loony, silly; fuck they mouth, box and titty {"Umm, she is licking the shaft of the penis."} That's brains, breast and kitty, while I'm drunk, fried and tipsy While I'm twisted high and dizzy, pussy juicy hot and pretty Gushy, gooey, sticky, gushy, gooey, sticky Bitch I'm Eazy, 'Pac and Biggie off tequila, vodka, Henny Spit like Wayne, 'Ye and Drizzy mixed with Em, Jay and 50 In my Nissan, Honda, Chevy, my pistol clip and pistol grip Rappers got a bigger buzz, bitch I got a bigger dick That was my Royce line I'm on my Cali, Brooklyn, Jersey and Detroit time (Slaughterhouse) Them boys grind We goin past the top, so Mount Everest won't cut it You low budget, we 'bout to go public Tequila, vodka, Henny; tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me It's tequila, vodka, Henny; tequila, vodka, Henny Tequila, vodka, Henny - that liquor fuckin with me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: I Hate Your Pants Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9" - singing] Come away with me Let's journey to a land where men, are men (sha'mon) And I wish, that this all was a dream Those skinny jeans, how do you get yo' balls in them things? And the day that my son should want a pair That's gon' be the same day that I put a gun to my head {*BLAM*} And why would you want your booty to stick out? Just be glad, you're, not, in jail (sha'mon) [Chorus: Royce - singing] You are gay to me, and that's okay to me But I still, hate, your pants You're a fag to me, long as you're happy B But that, don't mean, I have, to like, your pants [Royce Da 5'9" - singing] Where did you buy those things? Are those designer jeans? Cause I, haven't, seen 'em, at Saks (sha'mon) And I wish, that this all was a dream You got a crotch like a Ken doll in them jeans And there's no way I should be able to see the imprint of your knees And them jeans, make you look like you got big feet And I wish that y'all would quit it with that dance And I hope, y'all, go, to hell (sha'mon) [Outro] (Sha'mon) Skinny jeans really, gross me out It's just the whole concept, you know? Pullin them over your hairy man ass And then, havin to peel them off your hairy legs It's disgusting; Mickey Factz was in the same room with Joey, when he got punched in the eye I blame it on the skinny jeans I blame it on the skinny jeans cause he couldn't react fast enough Cause uh, his legs was all caught up, in the skinny I hate skinny jeans The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3 Song: The Most Interesting Man in the World (Skit) #3 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce Da 5'9"] I got a confession to make I wanna fuck Nicki Minaj When you see her tell her I said, it's goin down Basement I heard Puff was managing you Puff, Q-Tip... and then tell her I wanna get it in... doctor visit We could just do it, Nike I'ma hit it, Ike The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Go Hard Pt. 2 Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Royce talking] Bar Exam 3 tramp. Yeah! Whoooooo! [Verse One] [Royce] Fuck is wrong with you? Go ahead and inform your crew That I can end your career in less than a song or two I'm a tyrant, I'm like an iris in my empire You're as threatenin' as Miley Cyrus with the hiney virus Dead a verse, I got more bars than Leavenworth  The present president backwards call me "Tnediserp" I shoot niggas with knives, stab niggas with guns Kiss hands and shake babies I make the medic hurt Fuck a producer too Them faggots is fuck boys I should rap over the Brinks truck backin' up noise The city's in an uproar over the hustler I got it on lock like up north but much more These rap niggas sayin' that they rollin' on them wheels But the only rollin' they doin' is rollin' on the pill They high Speakin' of rollin' We roll You will see us get paper before you see us fold Hip hop nigga The opposite of neo-soul The only thing sing is my pistol when I'm takin' Ne-Yo's soul You aspire to get a chain that's glistenin' I aspire to get a chain of businesses I retire nigga Gettin' at me ain't what the business is I kill the kitten if he witnesses I make it look easy Before I Self Destruct, I'ma get some hoes pregnant like 50 & Lil' Weezy I don't give a fuck about shit Got nothin' to say to y'all but "suck dick" I fuck yo' bitch and send her back to you Pussy like she been in labor dawg And when I'm done with she gon' need a cable all My dream mistress is a Bitch like Nicki Minaj  And if the ass ain't real then I've with the facade The pistol, the pen, drinkin' with me, pick your demise The silencers screwed on now the clips in disguise Now who the fuck goin' harder than Nickel? I take a shit on any nigga, no regard for tissue I go hard So much harder than everybody I John Doe tag the toe of every body We go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Da da da da He go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Da da da da We go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Go hard, so hard So hard, so hard Whoooa The best nigga in the game Yeah, you know this Da da da da da da da The game never be the same Yeah, you know this  [Verse Two] [Kid Vishis] Ignite violence Make him swallow shells that'll clog his windpipe Make the doctor do the heimlich Fightin' for the loot like a riot This is Pay-Per-View Rap niggas don't it unless they buyin' this Blame it on the drugs like Steve-O, you still a Jackass I spit dope, my fans got a crack habit If you can beat me on beats congrats The sore loser when I snatch him out the booth then I beat his ass What you call rappin', I call trash Every punch you call strong, I call jabs, so listen I'm sicker than a stripper, if you tip her give her fifties and twenties Hit the lights she realize it's counterfeit money My niggas get large cash Push the rock good as Bobby Hurley 'fore the car crash I get star cash Tour cash, more cash Don't wanna pay me, I'ma take it out of your ass Do what you want fam I say fam cause I fry a man Feelin' angry man, I'll flight 'em in Feelin' godly, what fool wanna battle me? I use the Earth as a cue And shoot pool with the galaxy Few could challenge me who do catastrophe  Three cash guns point the guard, I'm Steve Nash You a rap group, I'll slap through The only time you see a gun is when mine is pointin' at you Skip the church and the reverend I'ma put 'em on a 747 and the destination's Heaven For example Break into my notebook and find more shit than the cops friskin' Rambo Make 'em fade to black, fit 'em for a blindfold Told you I'm a Dibo pitbull (die slow) I'll really hit your crib with the semi Break a nigga baby back and ribs  I call my bullets Chillis We go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Da da da da He go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Da da da da We go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Go hard, so hard So hard, so hard Whoooa The best nigga in the game Yeah, you know this Da da da da da da da The game never be the same You know this  Oh yeaaah, oh yeaaah, oh yeaaah, oh yeaaah We go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Da da da da He go hard A yeeeeah We go hard Da da da da We go hard A yeeeeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Vagina Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com * samples of 'Show Me Your Genitals 2: E=MC Vagina' by comedian Jon Lajoie We holla at 'em like [Verse One] These niggas talkin' bout they walk talk and think bossy I'm in the Trump Tower shower washin' ink off me Two ugly bitches in my bed, moochin' drinks off me My mini bar's empty, but that's just how I'm livin' I'm in the presidential suite with two freaks, I call 'em my Kennedy Fried Chickens "Awe yeah...I'm back...bitches" But this is, kinda like my wilder style Vicious, say when I'm sippin', I turn into Shallow Hal I must have been high or somethin' Cause I could of swore that one of these bitches told me to buy her somethin' I told her... "I got a present for you right here" (What?) "Actually it's not a present. It's my penis" I'm feelin' plastered So what they fat women, I feel like I have to bite the Apple like the Mac emblem One of the bitches like, "Oh I love you so much. I love Slaughterhouse, I love Joey, Joell, Crooked. All you guys"  Shut up "I don't like it when you talk." (What?) "Cause that just means you're not suckin' my cock." Bitch I'm on everything, I don't know what you just had I'm 'bout to slip and fall and head butt yo ass like Superbad One of 'em start somethin' super fast The other one I gave Arabian Goggles, they flier than alien model For now These bitches givin' me brains till I'm out of mines That's when I had an epiphany like "STOP!"... Vagina time "Vagina" (What?) "Vagina" (What?) "I wanna have sex with your vagina" (Uhh) "Vagina" (What?) "Vagina" (What?) "E=MC Vagina" (C'mon) We holla at 'em like [Verse Two] I swear these little punks be wildin' Claimin' they only fuck bad bitches Chopper stylin', I be swimmin' in trash bitches goin' dumpster divin' I met a bitch on the street, she said she want a nigga that's deep I'm deep I said... "I'm the Indian Jones of explorin' crotch.  I'm the Shakespeare of enormous cock." I told her I got an 'oh so flow mean' Rope-a-dope? Nope, I got a Poconos swing Little bitch riddle me this (C'mon) "What's the difference between a girl's mouth and a girl's vagina? (What?) There is none. I want my penis to inside both of those things." I know you gazin' at the words I text I ain't a virgin', your wife ain't the first bird I pecked She ain't per-fect, she per-plexed She can't quite think Your baby girl ain't right like birth defects My religion is god body gynecology, I work with sex Feelin' no pain like Percocets  Sellin' syrup and wet in church and sweat You herb niggas got me twisted like cursive text Nigga I cling to her I'll give her hella smoke I'll sing to her I'll tell her hella jokes like: "Why did my penis cross the road?" (What?) "To get to the other vagina" "Vagina" (What?) "Vagina" (What?) "I wanna have sex with your vagina" (Uhh) "Vagina" (What?) "Vagina" (What?) "2 + 2 = Vagina" (C'mon) We holla at 'em like "My dick is like an airplane. It gives girls orgasms. I'm the Wayne Gretzky of sexual stuff. I'm the, Hulk Hogan of slammin' muff. Love is for girls and gays. (What?) If you wanna be with me it goes one of two ways. Either you have sex with me.... Or you have sex with me. Girls love my sex. I'm a good sex man. Cause my sex is the best. I'm like Jean Claude Van Damme. But instead of fight people...I have sex with them." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3 Song: Psycho Skit Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [unknown female] These personalities have different styles of firing a gun {*several gunshots are heard*} [two men have a conversation] What is your function, in the system?  My function? Yeah  I act as the... observer, the scout How do you help John?  Excuse me? How do you work with John, how do you help John?  I give him the information he needs from time to time  Information that uhh, he's overlooked  or has not noticed The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: 187 (Response) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Saigon interview on Ms. Drama TV] [Ms. Drama] So did you give OJ th-the lyrics to say in that particular song? [Saigon] For his song? No, he wrote his own lyrics. But...I'm not... [Ms. Drama] Did he give you lyrics to say? [Saigon] No, but at the same time it's like, and we just havin' fun with it I'm not gonna, go, try to be super scientifical, lyrical, mira- I'm not Slaught-I'm not a part of Slaughterhouse [Ms. Drama] So do you co-sign Slaughterhouse too? [Saigon] Oh, well, most of 'em. (haha) Strictly I even co-sign Joe Budden like (okay)... He's just a faggot. He's a fuckin' faggot But...he can rap, knowhatI'msayin'? The rest of like... Joell's my NIGGA. He not gonna just start something (So how...)  He's not gonna just say, "Damn, I need attention. So let me just pick on somebody for attention." [Ms. Drama] And they're very close though.  [Saigon] They are close.  [Ms. Drama] But ho-how do you think they all get each other's back?  [Saigon] I don't know. I don't know how they close I-I couldn't be close with a nigga like that (That's all...)  Yeah, I'm a fan of Joell (Okay) I'm a fan of Crooked I and I'm a great fan of Royce And you know...I think they can rap But I just don't think these motherfuckers can make records youknowwhatI'msayin'? I don't think there's one song on there that we gonna be singin' two years from now [Sample] [Man talking] From the say you're born...till the day you die If you're one of the poor one's you just gotta work hard [Verse One] My shit is laid out Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out Why is it harder for, peace over violence? Niggas don't know The Art Of War, we roll in silence It always got to be that one nigga that's the loudest That ain't gon' do no poppin' when it's time to be about it RAAAA RAAAA RAAAAAA RAAAAA Fuck outta here with that shit You puttin' way too much passion into that wack shit Put your dukes down nigga, we come in peace With them AK-47's, we from the streets Calm down, shhhh You so emotional I know where you're at in your career is such a low for you I understand it But understand this My daddy taught me manners So it's foreign to fly off the handle and talk to cameras That shit is lame, lames we don't respect We wonderin' why the fuck you so upset We know the streets'll swallow you Look what that powder do Look at you try to embody what's not really inside of you I promise you That if you chill now In 5 years I will not ride through the McDonald's drive thru and bother you I'm here for fries That's it Chicken nuggets Give me some sweet and sour sauce too and quit your buggin' {gun shot} I'm just above it I'm too mature for this It ain't smart to go to war for this Cause I'm a rider I'm about that 187 Cause I'm a rider I'm about that 187 You not a rider Not about that 187 You not a rider {gun clocks} {shots} 187 [x8] [Verse Two] Got the illest flow because I flow it from my soul You said yourself you got The Greatest Story Never Told These niggas got the balls to say that I can't write no record But them plaques on my wall say y'all should read the credit R dot Montgomery, ghostwriter and for the right price Y'all know the rest Get your doe biters Y'all goin' left Get your emo in check Later with them vendettas Handle your liquor better Let's play some tennis Go back and forth, who winnin'? You will give into a Koch deal away from (finished) Fuck outta here with that Step your bars up  Your shit is garbage, what you tryin' to kick knowledge, be honest Step your cars up That little Benz you know is lame I'd rather ride in a remote control Soulja Boy chain I'm so insane I flow with open flame Note to self: leave him floatin' if he spoke your name That's why I don't bother nobody I catch a body all alone cause I don't ride with nobody Niggas figure's been put on Jenny Craig Look what the prison built You big up top with skinny legs C'mon Johnny Bravo You fuckin' with the whole Detroit, chill out The S.O.B.s without the swing, you needs to get out I'm quick to stick the clip in  Just ask my nigga Crooked Joey Budden got you niggas trippin' Cause I'm a rider I'm about that 187 Cause I'm a rider I'm about that 187 You not a rider Not about that 187 You not a rider {gun clocks} {shots} 187 [x8] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3 Song: The Most Interesting Man in the World (Skit) #4 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the most interesting man in the world I got a motherfuckin hepatitis Louis Vuitton bag made out of Dennis Rodman's LIPS ... and I'm drinkin Dos Equis MMMUAH~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Bar Exam 3: The Most Interesting Man Song: Taxi Driver Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the taxi driver Ridin around with me and my thoughts In the back seat behind me speakin to me while I'm drivin, I'm hearin them talk to me sayin where they wanna go Soon as they get in, they close the do' And then I cruise to wherever we ridin Wherever you can imagine from coast to coast [Royce Da 5'9"] I got a foot on the gas, I got my eye on the road With an open mind as I roll, hopin to spy on my soul I lose control, pull up to a liquor sto' then get blowed Ridin down skid row, feelin kind of miserable I been the same since my enemies came You played a game, you get a foul, the penalty's pain Though I got a pen full of poison, the venom is fame The light changes, I take a right on Memory Lane And see, a couple niggaz on the corner chillin Lookin more and more familiar closer to 'em I get I pull up, hit the locks, they open the door And hop in and say they names is Hip and Hop So I grin, pretend I don't know 'em for shit I ask, "Ay homie, why they call you Hip?" He says - {*imitating 2Pac*} "I'm hip-notic, hip-ocritical I could say +Dear Mama+ and wonder why they call you bitch I seen drama, I step to the odds lookin at death in the eyes They probably MURDER ME, check my disguise You see it's money over bitches, bitches bring lies Money bring trouble and trouble wanna FOLLOW ME! Drop me on the corner of Flamingo and Koval And remember +All Eyez+ on you" Then I come to a stop He exits the car, so I leave and I hear SHOTS [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the taxi driver Ridin with one passenger left About to catch a left after I catch my breath Peelin past them times where niggaz blast them nines Paranoid, done already lost half my mind - I'm high! Thinkin like what if the feds try to out me? I pull up to a stop on a red light at South Street I catch a parade goin by, full of rappers and snappers A Cadillac float full of trapsters Carryin a sign sayin "It's Our Time" I wave sayin I would never diss y'all grind So I'm waitin at the stoplight, South Street is jumpin I look back at Hop like, people call you Hop, right? (Yes!) After that, he's like - {*imitating Notorious B.I.G.*} "It's a green light You can weave right through, if you got keen sight Then make you a right then, head for the valley I'm +Going Going to Cali Cali+, uhh Trust me, +Mo Money Mo Problems+ Especially when you built for the stars You rather be, drivin yo' taxi than killed for the car So drop me on the corner of Wilshire Boulevard" I take him to the place he requested I tell him thanks for the message, the cab shakes when he exits I pull off +Hypnotized+ then hear SHOTS And then my engine DIE soon as they kill Hop [Interlude: Royce] What's on your mind? Who's in your back seat? Do you go off your own thoughts? Are you even drivin your own car? I know what you thinkin, "This nigga sayin Hip-Hop is dead" Don't take song like I'm sayin we lost Hip-Hop Take it like I lost my mind [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the taxi driver The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Travis Barker * Album: Success Is Certain Song: Legendary Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Travis Barker plays the drums throughout, no vocals [Intro: sample] I'm legendary, leg-legendary Le-le-legendary, legendary Leg-I'm legendary, leg-legendary Le-le-legendary legendary legendary [Royce Da 5'9"] The theme song to my supplier, plays in the key of a ki' I'm like a messiah crossed with "The Wire" wrappin around the "Boardwalk Empire" Uhh, who brought they Bibles? This the Christ chapter I'm sick enough to take my life then take yo' life after Don't take me light or play me light, we two of the same God melted the Rubik's Cube into fluid and threw it in my intuitive brain I'm eatin food for movin music in the gratuitous lane Been through twice, now I'm runnin through it 'til I'm through with the game! You can find me under a black cloud, I'm a dark star Only thing I hate worse than a mark, is a marked car I climb +Mountains+ like Marvin Gaye, Tammi Terrell You could put a face with my style it'd be Samuel Cassell's I switched the fire up like I am a tranny from hell What I got in my hand right now should remind you of Stanley Burrell Cause it's the +Hammer+, the cannon, you can dance with the shells My pet peeve's are granny panties and plannin to fail I'm a heavyweight - I'm catastrophic when I set it  like "Fahrenheit 9/11", meditate 'til levees break I tar and feather featherweights until my 'fetti straight The mac-11'll crack your melon and give yo' ass spaghetti face Uhh, you ever looked inside some dyin eyes? You'll see surprise and realize there's no denyin God When was the last time that you heard that the iron tried? Ryan vibes like cyanide, I am proud to say that I've evolved, there's only one I in "defyin odds" Small time arrogance parishes every time in giant pride Who y'all respect is probably cross-dressin Your favorite MC could probably find hisself vibin to my "Lost Sessions" I'm legendary [Chorus: Royce - singing] Now everybody wanna believe me But they don't really know what's in my heart This time around is startin to feel easy My enemies startin to fall down (I'm legendary, leg-legendary, le-le-legendary) My enemies startin to fall down (I'm legendary, leg-legendary, le-le-legendary legendary) Fall down, I'm legendary [Royce Da 5'9"] I got my noodles intact You want support of Detroit rap niggaz can Google this gat Cause we the reason why you eatin, we put the food on the map Right where the Mitten is and you ain't do jack Just who we kiddin here? This here's a different year, so you shouldn't assume that I'm tryin to measure up to you when I tell you the ruler is back In fact, as far as you new kids, what have you did? I know that I burnt some bridges in the past but I'm happy to say that I built a new bridge As far as killin I'm forever willin and ready I will make my children's peanut butter and jelly sandwich with a machete Uhh, you married the streets then we will kill at your wedding Tell every guest at your reception they gon' get more than just hit with confetti Uhh, now your bitch a believer; you know what you get  when you mix a bumblebee with a lamb? You get the 'ghini I'm sittin in Ridin through Pittsburgh while I'm listenin to Wiz Khalifa "Black and Yellow", the blunt to joint, uh, here's the reefer One minute you tough, one minute you shook I know, I learned awhile ago to hide power from you I should just put it in a book You illiterate parasites, I kill you every time Throw a nigga body around the room, have a nigga lookin like Jamiroquai And yes I, am a firm believer that the naked truth looks 100 times better than the best dressed lie And while you niggaz is hatin, I wonder is God really an atheist He made me the same temperature as his nemesis Satan! Y'all need to repent cause y'all been imitatin A statue of me to you is a statute of limitations You backwards as me and a feminist datin Let's tally the sales like Gladys and Patti LaBelle, I'm a big wig My straw's in the hole of a volcano, I'm havin a big swig [Outro] I'm legendary, legendary, legendary (I'm legendary) I'm legendary, legendary, legendary... (I'm legendary) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem Album: Success Is Certain Song: Writer's Block Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com [Intro - Eminem] Yeah!, yeah I dont know what else to say I cant, I cant think of nothin Im stumped Here we go! (Here we go!) On your feet! (On your feet!) Stand up! (Stand up!) Everybody hands up! (Hands up!) Uh, man, I dunno, man Everytime I go to think of something played out to say You already said it... Royce [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] I aint calling names, cause all of yall the same, plus Im the king, all my past pain all done changed up All these plains, all these lames, since the Slaughters came up Cause they know they hands tied, feet ball and chained up Niggas be quick to call me the new 50 Cent, because of my relationship  With Marshall, used to make me a little partial But heres the brain fuck, We the same cuz Im probably about to fall out with a +Young Buck+ While I attempt to fuck the fuckin' +Game+ up Bitch, splat, only thing I fear in here is chit-chat You are hearing bars like your ear against a Kit-Kat Shady guys like the Navy, drive, wavy bye-bye Maybe my glock can turn your top to Babys Maybach My shit is powerful, literally sick, trust me nigga Its ugly to kill a thing if the bigger I get The more disgusting and fuckin disfigured it gets Niggas expect me to go pop, oh, stop Yall about the champagne, Im about the toast - I Only fuck with mailmen, with heroin from Boca Niggas thatll smoke you while you staring in your postbox Only incense he enlightens when hes thinkin While that sinks in, I got a Brinks ink pen Im back, muthafucka Notice the flyness on the cover of the XXL Im back from the dead like Tobey Maguire from the "Brothers" How yall realer; (How yall realer) If I said it, I did it If I didnt, I seen it first-hand like a car dealer Give up the throne, your lease up, I am the Mona Lisa That decoded Da Vinci Code, you throwin your piece up Is a waste of fake like a phony B-cup Nigga, the mistake was like my only teacher Wait til they get a load of me cause [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] Ive got Guccis on my feet, diamonds on my neck Diamonds on my wrist, bitches on my dick; but yall already said that Choppers in the trunk, models in the front Bottles in the club, but I dont give a fuck; but yall already said that [Eminem] Cause sometimes I feel like its so hard For me to come up with shit and just say: "Ayyyyyye" Im at a loss for words cause yall already said it all I think Im runnin out of cliches, Im gettin writers block (Psyche!) [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] When I stand up in this booth, niggas notice it Sittin on the same boat that Noah built Floatin on the same water Moses split Poetry in motion, but we sittin on your grave site, overkill Arent you tired, why are you so loud, quiet! Real dudes move in silence, like a mute drivin a new hybrid You dudes is too excited You a dude thatd try to sue a dude, thats suicidal You will just be another victim I am like a nickel of weed rolled in a doobie, Im a little twisted I roll like the end credits in movies, yall just got scripted Got yall niggas bitches bobbin to this one when she witcha When she wit me, she bobbin, not vibin Tryna put her mind into the inside of my zipper Im a serpent with a purpose, havin problems Not a problem Ive encountered I have found elephants, lions, clowns Will jump through hoops like they workin for the circus At the fire round the circles right in front of them, fire rounds Pun intended, gun extended, what are you marks askin Cars Aston, started as a hard-top and I saw past it Since I decided to start class diss All black, all glass, panoramic roof been gettin marked absent I authorize my own all-access Your bitch a whore, Im a catch, she ball-catchin Her jaws been broadcasted, all across the globe from the store to Japan Her pussy need to be blocked and reported as spam Bong! Interscope up in this dope, and I sell it My voicemail is full, got bitches screamin inside of envelopes And they tryna mail em to me, tryna reach my phone I dont know which one is harder Tryna not to take your bitch or tryna get rid of my own [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] Ive got Guccis on my feet, diamonds on my neck Diamonds on my wrist, bitches on my dick; but yall already said that Choppers in the trunk, models in the front Bottles in the club, but I dont give a fuck; but yall already said that [Eminem] Cause sometimes I feel like its so hard For me to come up with shit and just say: "Ayyyyyye" Im at a loss for words cause yall already said it all I think Im runnin out of cliches, Im gettin writers block (Psyche!) [Outro - Eminem] Man, get the bozak We need to start bringin that shit back (Mad flavor!) Man, fuck it, Im bout to catch some wreck (We in effect, money! Hahaha!) Mad props to Royce for keepin it real On the strength, no diggity Im bout to go pull some hoes, get my mack on... Haters get the gasface! Hahahah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Success Is Certain Song: Merry Go Round Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  I have tried in vain, never had success So it seems my life is nothing but a mess I have lost, my only friends Now it seems I have to start again Merry go round~! [Royce Da 5'9"] My life's been goin around and round since '95 Went from goin somewhere to about to die Went from callin my chick a chicken cause she look like she got poultry around her thighs to callin your piece a chicken cause she got no teeth, and she got crow feet around her eyes How hard are y'all? I got a heart the size of Arkansas, count to five These birds gon' hit the ground and they ain't from out the sky Went from havin a outta-this-world flow to doin a video doin the coon dance to watchin my good friend Eminem winnin a Moonman I remember cause I was in New York with all of my boys to start shit Lettin them stay with me, long story short they tore up my corporate apartment Went from bein a kid addicted to basketball to bein a ignorant nigga addicted to alcohol (addicted to alcohol) Round and round we GO is how this movie would end The self proclaimed king of my city, not really, just truly the king of losin a friend Who woulda thought this dude from the Park that's true to his art would lose? Or win just by givin his thoughts and views (thoughts and views) [Royce Da 5'9"] You would hear that Ryan's skilled, might even hear Ryan kills You would never hear Ryan steals, here to put the "I" in "ill" My mind is still like a merry-go-round spill Like leavin only guns to my kids when I'm killed, I got an iron will Intellect of Zion, I done went from high on pills to triumph, to hidin from bills to buyin buildings Then I went from writin for Dre to wonderin if my head was on straight On the sideline feelin forgot about, listenin to "Forgot About Dre" From there I went to about a bottle a day, tellin who WE know "Get outta my face!" Okay, I know what Kino said about Dre I look at Kino to this day like that was a stupid mistake But if it wasn't for him doin THAT, what would I be doin today? If it wasn't for Ca$his sayin that he gon' beat my ass then  me and Em probably wouldn't even be laughin about us gettin past it If it wasn't for me bein outcasted I woulda never been on the underground rappin with (SLAUGHTERHOUSE~!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Success Is Certain Song: Where's My Money Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro] I've been fuckin with this game for a long time, and I'm impatient I'ma kill somebody if somebody don't make me real rich this year {*echoes*} [Royce Da 5'9"] For starters I'm all about the bread I ain't no artist, I'm a target I'm like the landlord, hip-hop's currently fallin down the stairs "Your RENT'S due, motherfucker!" Now who give a fuck about who bar is the hardest? When the DJ's think they bigger stars than the artist Ridin around in Ferraris doin more A&R'in than the A&R's and half them niggaz don't even scratch That's like the blind leadin the blind leader Hip-Hop is like the FBI in the trap readin the Don Diva It makes no sense It's ironic how I can straighten you though I stay so bent I'm about gettin ends Every time my money's on hip-hop, that's every time the house nigga wins Flood in a drought, love in the club, Crip/Blood gun talk Ladies and gentlemen! Hip-Hop in one bar [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I've been fuckin with this game for a long time, and I'm impatient I'ma kill somebody if somebody don't make me real rich this year Where my money at? Where my money nigga? Where my money at? Where my money nigga? [Royce Da 5'9"] I put a cease and desist on this industry shit Me makin a friend means I'll just make an enemy quick When niggaz think they finna be big, they image is switched They go from gettin beat by a nigga to sweet to a cinnamon whip They actin like they got the Vanna White in "Wheel of Fortune" But actually they spinnin the script I tell the, DJ to play mines or we gon' spray ya And that's on every MC's mind, they just don't say it I flame spots, my brain lies and the top is on fire How you gon' say Nickel Nine ain't risin? Rappers no longer have to be on the block lyin You get yo' ass whupped on the net, you a pop icon I spaz like I got the right rhyme I flash like I shot Nikon I call my motherfuckin man my money so money stand out While I got my motherfuckin hand out! Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: Success Is Certain Song: ER Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*various people shouting "Security to the ER" and "All doctors to the ER" repeatedly*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Stop! Picture me in scrubs in a room with hip-hop Operatin on it with my instruments I'm the doc, it's crunch time Line up rappers I don't like and call that shit a punchline These niggaz E-beefin, that ain't what war's about Ain't nothin dyin but the game, pull the organs out These niggaz dissin like they wonderin where Malcolm's at 'Til I split 'em where they SCALP is at; where my SCALPEL at? I ain't been hearin heart, I'm 'bout to check his pulse With my stethoscope pressed against the record sto' We ride in, we gon' W-I-N I will check a bitch ass like a OB/GYN! I'm respected like a killer, or wreckin like "Thriller" I will keep a tab on you like Twitter Now feel the hate and roll Nickel give 'em oxygen and shock 'em with, that, that defibrillator FLOW! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Long as I'm alive, the game gon' be breathin Even though it's {*gasps*} wheezin Hit him like, like CLEAR~! Bzzzt Wake his ass up, he was sleepin, yeah I said as long as I'm alive, the game gon' be breathin Even though it's {*gasps*} wheezin Hit him like, like CLEAR~! Bzzzt Wake his ass up, he was sleepin {"Security to the ER."} [Kid Vishis] I'm ALIVE! They almost killed me but I survive Hip-Hop has been revived, surprise! Okay doc, OW! Stop shockin me now Tell your nurse she could put the scalpel down I'm back ready to rap, took a little nap, ready to go off Stick to my pen, never again will I ever doze off No mo', bozo rap, it hurt me The new dojo, in beast mode I'm John Crease, NO mercy! My saliva and spit could fly through a brick Put your ass by a lighter and spit gas at the fire flick Gave up on me, hah, I was worse than the racists and rapists Now I'm feelin like Kobe 'fore he scored eighty-ONE! Really feelin NEW! Miss me with the skinny jeans and Uggs, fuck outta here, I ain't feelin YOU! FUCKIN incredible, I could dig a hole to hell Just to beat the devil over the head with a FUCKIN shovel! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Adonis, Nottz Album: Success Is Certain Song: On the Boulevard Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Nottz] I've been trying so hard, to erase these scars Of living this life, on the boulevard Ohhh-ohhhh, on the boulevard Yeah yeah yeah yeahhh [Adonis] Yeah, every mornin, Kenny wake up 'bout 5 AM And jog 'bout seven miles befo' class start Had dreams of bein the next superstar Like that boy who sang both (like that boy who sang both) Kenny's ambition was crazy In his heart he was determined to get it so he stuck to it Six days out the week, Kenny hit the track with his goals set high, he ain't turnin back Lost one too many friends over guns and crack Kenny put it in his mind there's somethin better than that His daddy called him Flypaper the way he stuck to the track His momma said "It's yo' time baby, you can't turn back" (turn back) And through all of the blood, sweat and the tears Kenny promised the fam for 40 years to come, got to get it, he shall prosper Jumpin hurdles of life 'til the next one pop up [Royce Da 5'9"] Every mornin, Kenny wake up at 9 AM Hit the traphouse and stay there 'til it's 5 AM Uh, I call that trappin pages He always holdin his dick, always bustin off but I don't call that masturbation He all about heart And you will never hear "Oh my God, they killed Kenny," bitch this ain't South Park This the dirty Mitten, scurvy conditions, workers is stealin Stealers is workin, you only as real as  the nigga you murdered, bullets fly 'til your chest leak Treat you like you a crown-less chess piece Middle finger never up, that's a substituted waste Why would he do that when he can just, tell you niggaz "Fuck you" to your face? To fill up y'all with fully's boulvard bully They pull your card with no regard for the laws wearin a hoodie Police on his trail, he toss the bird Roll his window down like, can I help you officer-RRRRRRT! [Nottz] I've been hustlin, for so long, ay And these streets just won't leave me alone, hey It's a battle that I gotta win I can't give in, no I can't give in, no ohhhh [Outro: unknown female] Both are destined for greatness Yet they both struggle with, the nonsense It's evidence they were meant to be more But they can't seem to find the final score Cause the game they play, was rigged from the beginning And in the end, I sit on the sidelines and cry Both Kennys, stuck in a parallel universe, will lose they lives The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Success Is Certain Song: I Ain't Coming Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Royce - singing] I'm floatin away without leavin the ground, ground They askin me, "What's it like up there?" I tell 'em "I ain't comin down" I'm tryin to stay up and I don't wanna touch down, down They askin me, "What's it like up there?" I tell 'em "I ain't comin down" Nope, no no, I ain't comin down (down) No no, I ain't comin down (down) No no, I ain't comin down (down) I ain't, coming, down [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, now that my vision's more clearer This is for the hate on Royce in Detroit era I know y'all had a good time but that was y'all time But that was y'all error, now look at you and look at me Compare us, you can do it easily This ain't when Royce was lookin stupid on that "Beef" DVD Uh-uh, shoutout my niggaz D-Twizzy I'll admit when I was wrong I remember thinkin I should probably hit my nigga Von You talkin shit about me at your barbershop you obviously politickin wrong Niggaz need to stop PMS'in I hope y'all barbers give y'all ass the same hairline as me and DMX's Haha, I went from wishin Trick-Trick was gone From pickin which bitch to wishin I could TwitPic my home And as far as my nigga Trick, before we was brothers I think we really just needed to get to know each other I'm up [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, I gotta say this shit one time When have you ever known me to get in the way of one's grind? Cause even when that dark cloud hovered above me I went from signed to unsigned  Then I found my own sunshine Uhh, now let me say this shit one mo' time When have you ever known me to get in the way of yo' grind? Can you find one hip-hop listener around the globe who don't know that Nickel Nine is from Motown? These cats say "He's wack He ain't even from the D so why he got that D tat?" Then they friends run to me like my friends saw you cipherin on BET but he ain't like it cause you ain't have on no D hat Make up your mind you whinin niggaz Ryan done been at schools to talk, bought shoes for shorties Bought coats for the kids while you niggaz choose to floss And y'all wanna nail who to the cross? Y'all niggaz soft I'm up The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Success Is Certain Song: Security Typed by: jaysscholar@gmail.com [Bridge] Let me tell y'all a story about somebody I feel was a gangster And that's the very same reason he ain't here with me no more [Verse 1] He marched around the corner like a soldier But not to get no on-the-mic exposure To question me, I guess he checking me I'm feelin like I'm looking at my own self in the face As death's destiny awaits Us both wearing vests, us both stressed from the same pressures Us both fucking trainwreck wreckless Guns whip out, he had a .9, I had a .40 I remember a point in time where he had mine, I had his shorty And I could cry telling this story If you can visualize a downtown crowded street Somebody was eating and saw P pull out his piece And decided to reach [Refrain] (Security yeah yeah) Police rolled up on like 'POLICE FREEZE!' (Security yeah yeah) Cuffed us up like nothing (Security yeah yeah) Asked us what we got guns for, we told them it's for (Security yeah yeah) (Proof this one's for you! I love you dude) [Bridge] [Verse 2] He marched up out his house like a soldier, decided to titty-bar it A lot of alcohol consumption and drug use while out with the city's hardest Niggas, throwing money up with black face, flicking photos The only thing he was missing was my nigga Dolo He decided to leave them and go to an after-hour After the 4-hour He act crazier than Scarface after snorting powder He get into it with this dude, point his piece at him They say he shot him, problem is I don't believe that And on the real I only know shots flew And when the smoke cleared they say he got killed by [Refrain] (Security yeah yeah) Shot my nigga like that, that (Security yeah yeah) Probably shoulda watched his back (Security yeah yeah) It's fucked up, right? (Security yeah yeah) (Proof this one's for you! I love you dude) [Bridge] [Verse 3] I know y'all seen Beef III And it probably made you think that I ain't like Shady The truth is I was at Proof's funeral crying like a baby I was sitting in the back row With Vishis, wishing I can go up to Marshall Denaun, Swifty, Obie, Bizarre, Paul, Levaughn And say something positive After all the negative shit that we been through Thinking we'd talk one day if it was meant to Reservations about walking up there in getting in the way It's probably better off to just pray Thinking my niggas are dying It was my first time at an over 1000 people funeral with [Refrain] (Security yeah yeah) R.I.P. (Security yeah yeah) We love you, P (Security yeah yeah) R.I.P. (Security yeah yeah) (Proof this one's for you! I love you dude) [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Success Is Certain Song: Second Place Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [DJ Premier] Nickel... tell 'em what it is [Royce Da 5'9"] This (this) is (is) a world (a world) {"P-P-P-P-P-Premier Premier"} A world {"Premier, Premier, Premier, P-P-P-P-Premier Premier"} Look, I'm in the zone for realer In a freezer with Medusa I'm fuckin a stone cold killer Your bitch vibin, I'm inside her, now tell your kids this Daddy's been doin more +Dick+ ridin than Kari Wigton I'm very venomous, you very innocent And I will send a MONSTER to your house, call him Harry Henderson Oh, my, God; I was just in jail Then the devil caught pneumonia, and it made me sick as hell You niggaz countin me out, can get the riches still You're all in the +The Matrix+, shoulda picked a different pill You about to see how far that Paul Rosenberg'll go The height of my game is like a DeMar 'Rozan vertical No one understands me Only one sicker than me is Em, I'm the new +D MC+, it +Runs+ in the family [Interlude] "Man why that nigga gotta bring Em name up all the time? Man that nigga wouldn't even be rich without that nigga." {*smack*} Shut up faggot [Chorus: Royce] I come to embarrass y'all rappers, I should run a marathon backwards So I can see what second place look like, look {"T-too many sick niggaz, Nickel bring the remedy"} {*scratched*: "Make it real clear!"} I come to embarrass y'all rappers, I should run a marathon backwards So I can see what second place look like, look {*scratched*: "You not ready for the raw deal, it's all real"} {"Kiss the ring, begone!"} [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm the magnificent with the sensational style My wedding with the streets got the cake with no vows I'm arrogant as fuck, who cares? You suck Rappers talkin 'bout "We the best" done been to Paris too much Who hot? Who sick? Shit, I'm like a Theraflu slush Y'all ain't fly, y'all fallin slow with the parachute up, up I'm a face-slapper; niggaz sleepin on an outfit Call us Taylor Gang 'cept we Wake-n-Bake rappers Slaughter Yelawolf responsible for haters' actions Y'all on Gilligan's Island, find a greater Captain Hahaha, haha, victory laugh Even my photographer's happy, picture me mad I feel will, your bitch suck my dick I nutted on the floor and left her standin there cryin over spilled milk.. {*imitates sobbing then laughs*} [Royce Da 5'9"] My swing's like chains on a playground I bust fly plus I'm about to put some wings on a Greyhound Uh, my theory of, you is you lie and you drink beer And I ain't hearin ya so you must be from Liberia I wave bye like Hitler, 100-round thumper Bulletproof WHAT? You gon' need an underground bunker I ain't where you should go I put my whole life on the 'net, even my weapons, I am Bazooka Joe Uhh, we the shit, nigga eat a dick We'll make him eat his words, we the stones, he the sticks I'm going yellin "Shady" everywhere Smackin niggaz bitches with they lipstick and they baby with they teddy bear To you and your man, ain't gon' be no Talladega Night I come to question y'all and y'all don't know what to do with your hands Nickel Preme, killer team Add a different dealer every day like a fickle fiend The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Joe Budden, Mr. Porter Album: Success Is Certain Song: My Own Planet (Album Version) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, right off the rip nobody could fuck with me I'm out of space, mind and body, my soul and so on (so on) Mami I'm fly is an understatement Come to greatness [Chorus: Mr. Porter - singing] I'm on my own planet, I'll do my own thing Then turn around and pat myself on the back, for doin good I don't need nobody else, I'm gon' do it by myself Say what you wanna say but stick to the facts, it's all good It's all good [Royce Da 5'9"] Right off the rip nobody is quite like me You gon' need a NASA spacecraft to sight me If you don't like me bite me I could give a fuck-less, fightin excites me Leanin on the moon with a Patrn fifth playin my own shit And I sound terrific I'm not cocky, I'm beyond that It's time to start another hobby, I'm beyond rap Run and tell your baby daddy and your son Ray I'm hot, I sunbathe on the sun babe I'm the one on the one-way Head from pretty long legs from the runway My nigga Notty is a genius You gon' need a ladder just to climb on my penis Got two words for the rap game Fuck y'all! [Royce Da 5'9"] Right off the rip you thought it was a wrap for me Didn't you? Go on 'head and admit it hater Cold as ice, I'm a livin refrigerator The reason hip-hop's breathin the defibrillator I did a bid just for drunk drivin It never happen again cause now I'm drunk flyin I'm a innovator When I say I'm on Venus I don't mean that I'm datin the tennis player I'm on Saturn where you don't matter Alone, I'm past the zone where your phone scatters (Hello?) Can you hear me now? You don't got a fuckin choice I elbowed my way into e'rybody conversations with rhymin, timin and patience, now I'm in space bitch I used to have to be on some "watch what I say" shit But now you gotta TAKE IT! [Joe Budden] They, say a closed mouth don't get fed I say a closed mouth don't give head On the flipside know a closed fist don't get bread And if you swing it then you gon' get lead Bars put him in a panic, got him all frantic Overlook my antics, see that I'm a throwback, hip-hop's Stan Smith But it lessen my love Cause the so-called rulers, ain't quite measurin up Now let me give the chicks a message Bitter exes'll tell you that the dick is precious Three words: "Get over it" And if you speak mine mention I could trip over it Low-key like my name too big for the bill Betty White style, get it in, STILL Plus I'm on a high you can't fit in the pill But I'll try anyway, we gon' die anyway Ya heard? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Success is Certain Song: I've Been Up I've Been Down Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Somebody very dear to me just attempted to kill herself It showed me we don't fear death, we fear fear itself Ever since, '98 in hip-hop my presence been felt Couple dollars, couple models, couple of bitch niggaz under my belt Thorough nigga, I'ma hold you to it if we handshake My, Plan B is to complete Plan A Grindin been my strategy, like dissin my anatomy I should get a tat on me that say, why Why why - would you let some dollars dictate on me I brush my shoulders off, polish off haters If you play me I will spray ya potata, later for fakers I put 'em in the news of the major paper My roller coaster of a career Hope it's been real for you because it's been weird for me I feel like - they can take away the cars, they can take away the cash But I bet you that they can't take the realness that's in ME~! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I've been up, I've been down I don't give a fuck, yeah I've been up, I've been down I don't give a fuck, yeah I've been up, I've been down I don't give a fuck They can take away the cars, they can take away the cash But I bet you that they can't take the realness that's in ME~! [Royce Da 5'9"] I just want momma to be happy Is that too motherfuckin much to ask? Damn, I'm 'bout to cry in this bitch King of the jungle, I hate liars but I'll fuck with a lioness bitch! If you don't straighten yo' ass out right now I will find you and iron you, bitch~! Grindin been my strategy, like dissin my anatomy I should get a tat on me that say, why Why why - would you let losses make you act like a faggot I'm fly (I'm fly) and you act like a maggot Money comes, money goes I used to wear funny clothes Hammer pants, my momma used to wipe my runny nose My real fam-a-lam, all I care about is her I'm feelin like - they can take away the cars, they can take away the cash But I bet you that they can't take the realness that's in ME~! [Royce Da 5'9"] Then I watch my daddy hit my momma, listen to my momma tryin to calm us, "Y'all don't understand the problem that we have" Who gives a shit about dollars when you gotta go visit your father in rehab? He said "Rick, Ryan, Marcus - long as I'm gettin high your momma will be sad And only I can fix this, so I'ma turn this all around, I promise" As we sit, he said "I'm down right now in life, you know I'ma be back" And when he got back home it was like it was heaven-sent Cause I was only 11 at the time and he's been clean and sober ever since He gave me this advice, you at a huge advantage Long as you know what's rules in life, and a view for the planet Rather you the man or you the mechanic People treat money like oxygen, when they got it then they take it for granted  {*gasp*} but then lose it and panic So spoken G - I look at him like Superman And y'all lil' niggaz ain't even close to me so if he can fall, so can we They can take away the cars, they can take away the cash But I bet you that they can't take the realness that's in ME~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: Success is Certain Song: Rock That * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * iTunes bonus track [Chorus: repeat 2X] I, can't, feel you; I want you to {"ROCK THAT"} shit {"ROCK THAT"} shit {"ROCK THAT"} shit {"ROCK THAT"} shit {"ROCK THAT"} shit {"RO-RO-RO-RO-RO-RO-RO-RO.."} [Royce Da 5'9"] Ooh~! Put up your hands, show me the real you If you don't put your hands up then I'ma kill you You ain't never been touched homie, I can't feel you I don't listen to threats, nigga I can't hear you (hello?) [Kid Vishis] Put up your hands, show me the real you You don't put your hands up, I'ma kill you I'm the shit fool, it's the king prince too I'm the next shit from the I'm Da Shit crew, ooh [Royce Da 5'9"] Nigga get cool, "You're my boy Blue! Blue, you're my boy!" I'll Chicago, Illinois you [Kid Vishis] Nigga we'll destroy you It's a motherfuckin wrap when it come to that heat like aluminum foil [Royce Da 5'9"] Idolize 'em, not a lot of 'em, body by them There's a bottle by the fags, she should try to follow  the man with the rocks, rocky as Colorado standin on top of them Toppin top the opposition, I ain't quittin 'til Vishis in my position I drop this apocalyptic, you got to be optimistic I'm hot hot hot [Kid Vishis] Let's try this shit again Vishis the prince, the topic of the spit This cop nowhere near it, I'm in a win-win position (yes) Could send killers to knock-knock (who is it?) Hard in pot, fall by the end of the visit (yes) No henchmen [Royce Da 5'9"] Six shots the biscuit Smackin on his back like I'm burpin a infant Then nigga put up your hands, show me the real you Put money on your head and then I'ma bill YOU Take it out yo' ass in hell, I'm on a ratchet trail And you about to see the gat derail! [Kid Vishis] Yeah, Vishis and Nickel equipped with pistols Missiles'll hit your tissue {?} show you and STAY, like Mystikal Clip to whoever riddle, my mental see you and scratch You tryin to scrap to cover up the fact you can't rap [Royce Da 5'9"] I, can't, feel you; I want you to {"ROCK THAT"} Glock that, pop that, shock that Down to click twos, I'ma spit true Dominant crew, I'm the SHIT fool~! Ooh~! [Kid Vishis] Put the clip to a actor, CUT! You motherfuckers up when it's action, nigga what? We don't fight rappers, we write back at ya Black mac blap, niggaz back snap backwards Ooh~! [Royce Da 5'9"] Actors, act puss, blow 'em off the atlas Fear niggaz should fear, on point like a cactus You probably need to practice, that's it, backflip Word blacksmith, herb active DOPE~! Ooh~! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Album Song: Angel Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Royce talking] Yeah, this one is for my niggas that's locked up I know you don't get a lot of letters from me, we don't talk on the phone So hopefully I can do this shit for you and it'll last longer than any letter or any phone call I love y'all niggas man, I never forget about y'all Yeah man just be busy, shit'll be right when y'all get out. For sho' [fades] [Royce-1st verse] Dear Cash, what's goin' on my nigga? Seem like it's been so long my nigga I ain't even get a chance to say so long my nigga When I heard you was gone I was out pourin' my nigga Go head' and knock your time out, I know it's borin' my nigga Consider this a letter in the form of a song my nigga Everything cool in the city, nigga we foolin' it's pretty Me and my 'cous like Biggie and Diddy Out here spendin' that dough Tryin' to get my label to it's plateau In fact bro You know how that go I'm lovin' this approach Half of these niggas out here they waitin' on a bag And the others just broke It's hard not to stand out when we the only ones spendin' Gettin' a whole bunch of attention from a whole bunch of women You said they'd be back on my nuts, I listen to you bro And I ain't gotta tell you I love you my nigga you know "Gotta find me an angel" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook Just remember the hook My nigga "Fly away" Just remember the hook If it don't even change the way that you feel "Gotta find me an angel" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook And I'ma' get yo ass through that bid my nigga "And set me free" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook my nigga "Gotta find me an" [Verse Two] Dear Ivan, what up cuzo? I heard you got all diesel and shit what's crackin' You only was supposed to do a couple of years what happened Nigga you must be in there scrappin' You a wild boy Listen, my nigga get through your bid If you don't do it for you, do it for your kids Do it for the fact that they think that since you black  And young and got a temper that you'll probably be back To them you just a number my nigga You way too smart for this shit And we ain't gettin' no younger my nigga You know what the parole board gon' say And when they do we comin' to get you  To go and get ya wardrobe straight And then We takin' you to get fucked, sucked, fucked up Nigga you rollin' with us Other than your brother nobody gon' cover you quite the way I do Cause you my mothafuckin' cousin I love you  Fo' life "Gotta find me an angel" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook Just remember the hook My nigga "Fly away" Just remember the hook If it don't even change the way that you feel "Gotta find me an angel" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook And I'ma' get yo ass through that bid my nigga "And set me free" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook my nigga "Gotta find me an" [Verse Three] Dear Murray, (huh)  What's goin' on cousin? Awe man you wild, yo my phone was buzzin' I heard what you did  But fuck it, it hurts me just knowin'  That they caught you and talkin' about it is certainly annoyin' So how you doin' family? I heard you was flowin' And all you do is work out, write verses to songs If you ain't puttin' me on And you really serious When you get out  I'ma be puttin' you on, you know? See if you wanna stunt I could visit you wearin' a shirt that say "free you" on the front Them niggas would be like "This nigga had Royce 5'9 boopty-woop Blahzy-splee" you know how they talk Niggas be braggin' about you In fact, I was at the club the other day bitches was askin about you Other than your mother nobody can cover you quite the way I do Cause you my mothafuckin' cousin I love you  Fo' life "Gotta find me an angel" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook Just remember the hook My nigga "Fly away" Just remember the hook If it don't even change the way that you feel "Gotta find me an angel" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook And I'ma' get yo ass through that bid my nigga "And set me free" Just remember the hook Just remember the hook my nigga "Gotta find me an" [Outro] "I got a call the other day and when I got there..." The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Raekwon, Talib Kweli Album: The Album Song: Give Up Your Guns Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro Sample] When I woke up this morning I found myself alone I turned to touch her hair And she was gone, she was gone And there beside my pillow Were her tears from the night before She said give up your guns and face the law I robbed a bank in Tampa And I thought I had it made But the hounds picked up my trail within the glades So I ran  And I stumbled on this cabin And she came to me to me once more She said give up your guns She said give up your guns She said give up your guns And face the law [Royce Da 5'9"] This is a stick up, stick up Pistols will lift up, lift up If you don't get up, get up  Your hands Kwe tell 'em [Talib Kweli] Sucome to the violence And we get numb and get silent Get my gun into firing I'm never runnin' or hidin' [x2] Verse One [Royce Da 5'9"] About a hundred any minute bullets runnin' from the guns In front of any one of y'all youngins We ain't trippin in the winter Still killin' spring chickens We ain't slippin, we ain't sittin' You ain't listen this is me Bitch this Is Nickel bitch I'm G With my nigga Kweli Get back gettin' stacks since 03' No strings yo swing wack Spittin' crack makin' tracks Like a dope fiend oh Me and my team hot Dream team I done seen Obscene fiends seein'  Nigga whole backdrop Like a green screen stuck before its cream So they stuck him up in Sing Sing I know what you mean dog I been caught between walls I don't kill (I'm the boss) I just make Scream calls I don't aim I don't give a speech in the streets Like I'm livin' in the movie I just let the thing off Hittin' up my funds while I'm rippin up the slums With the only pistol left Cause they givin up they Guns Chorus: And now I'm in this cabin where my own true love should be Instead there lies a note she wrote to me And it said: though you can't live by the bullet But you sure as dead can die My love give up your guns or say goodbye Goodbye And the sheriff now is calling with a shotgun at my door Son Give up your guns And face the law [Royce Da 5'9"] This is a stick up, stick up Pistols will lift up, lift up If you don't get up, get up  Your hands Kwe tell 'em [Talib Kweli] Come to the violence And we get numb to get silent Get my gun into firing I'm never runnin' or hidin' [x2] [Verse Two: Talib Kweli] Hell naw my niggas don't make speeches Cause we ain't no fake preachers Or follow fake teachers Soon as the state releases  You from the bank You not a citizen You quickly learn the difference Between rights and privileges Nothin' like Deliverence Remember when Sai got shot? Yo it was winter he layed on the ice shiverin' Comfortably numb He was killed for being hungry and young Violently is how the company run They dump in the slum See the flashing lights and the gun At the end of the tunnel no rebuttal to run The blood is the sum of the equation When you add up the factors The splatters attractive Life don't matter to rappers So we glorify and glamorize Talk about our plans to die And learn to always stay inside the motherfuckin' camera's eye Get my good side, murder is so sexy But the hood cried every time one of us would die [Verse Three: Raekwon] Give up my guns never you crazy? I'm all blazey  All 80 fly out Put you right out lets try it out Save the babies  Bressed to impress Blow a hole in your vest With suitcase money I roll up the stretch High powered 9's Mausbergs Squeeze faster than new V's Fresh new bags of bullets or bean Got my paper poppin' and plottin' I blow a hole right through your stocking Come out your back and scratch up your lockin' We real killas and don dons Pop through the vagabond tons  Boulevards where niggas will pull a card Wrong songs don't play me lady killas Baby guerrillas with hate feelings That'll spray up the ceilings The best ninjas in the business Mind your business  Staten judicious Malicious team we live in the kitchens And dis niggas go the fuck home Bring better biscuits Come to the rally and flash if you with this [Outro: Raekwon] I'm not playin'. We shoot niggas. All day. Keep them hollows nigga. They got new little guns. New little joints with long baby missiles in it. Them the joints we play with nigga. The Einsteins is on nigga. Hard bottoms in the hoodie. Ice Water nigga. Word up. General Shala Raekwon. All day e'day. A professional. Yeah. Get that money niggas. Don't never give up them guns. You stupid? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Album Song: Promise Land Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Sample] "Why was they leanin' on me?  Lord I don't  Lord I don't I don't know why" "People mighty people Gonna take you to the promised land with me" This the street radio for unsung heroes Ridin' in the regal like I'm legal Com found the new Primo I got the real Primo And that ain't my ego Nigga thats how we do Teach you (people)  We true We responsible for what the police do DC shoe (people, mighty people) Other guys cover lies  We see through But otherwise we peaceful Now nigga picture, Malcolm in 76 and The outfit I stepped in this bitch with A bitch cause, alpha omega's the mixture The alpha- -bet boys flickin' they flicks for The irrelevant (people)  Suck my dick bitch A black man can't be happenin' and rappin'? Tisk tisk If perhaps you wanna go against it I did it my way You gotta say its eccentric Mention my name Aww man I make a motherfucker fall right where the law stands Call Japan Tell him I'ma put him in a deep hole You gon' land in Bruce Lee hands It all depends (people) Talk we can I'd rather See you sweat than see you forget Cause you thought we glanced Until we see your Body in chalk And its doin' that little off beat dance Haha "People mighty people Gonna take you to the promised land" This the street radio for unsung heroes Ridin' in the regal like I'm legal Com found the new Primo I got the real Primo And that ain't my ego Nigga thats how we do Teach you (people)  We true We responsible for what the police do DC shoe (people, mighty people) Other guys cover lies  We see through But otherwise we peaceful [Verse Two] Wake up America We ain't where we was Euro's superior We think that we love But we not We hated We got created Off of the slave labor like 'didas and Reeboks Now peep out my (people)  Seek I'll destroy him Or he will destroy me I don't employ him Then he will employ me This is how the fine line cuts in the real world Kinda like separating sluts from a real girl My rhymes the most Niggas the difference is like cyanide to coke From Witness, the Islam, Christian to just um Religious From Nick 9" to sitcom I'm shoe shine to lip balm (people) If I'm Not your leader then leave me the same way you saw me here Gaudy gear, Mardi Gras flick, Cartier This time I hope a nigga don't think I'm tryin' to diss Com "People mighty people Gonna take you to the promised land" This the street radio for unsung heroes Ridin' in the regal like I'm legal Com found the new Primo I got the real Primo And that ain't my ego Nigga that's how we do Teach you (people)  We true We responsible for what the police do DC shoe (people, mighty people) Other guys cover lies  We see through But otherwise we peaceful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce the 5'9" Album: Boom/Soldier's Story 12"  Song: Soldier's Story Typed by: Luchesse3000@yahoo.com Ugh ugh What up Reef? Yo, I'm horse-backin' the drum from the kick to the snare Get them shits in the air, the shit is fixin' to flare Spit on a beat, wrap it and ship it Put it out, shit on the streets, that's me Bust you in your shit and tell you don't you ever, that's me I need respect, don't you better, that's me Chrome beretta, in the waist line of my own get up I'm goin' and still goin', that's me You hear a pop, see a drop, I'm comin', that's me When everybody on your block is runnin', that's me With the rocks that can block the sun in The glock that I got a box it come in I'm like the fear that Biggie and Pac is comin' The reason why them baller boys cop them onions, that's me Five to the Nine, dew-rag be tied to the side You can either ride wit' it or die CHORUS: DRRROOOM! There, now you know a soldier's comin' He came right in to ya hood and he sold you somethin' He spit with a frozen flow and he told you somethin' I think I hear a soldier comin', that's me DRRROOOM! There, now you know a soldier's comin' You better run for it, run for it, run! There now you know the soldier is comin' You better run for it, run for it, run! We soldiers, we bats, chains, gats, game, raps, names We soldiers, in the streets we keep heat Niggas is deep and niggas'll creep Far from what you would call soft Compete and watch you fall off I'm beef you call off, that's me The one you supposedly beef with, that's me We fought, but you kept it a secret Talking about what you gonna do when find me and keep seeing me Liein' like you diein' to catch me and put three in me Told him cut the jokes, but I guess that he wasn't hearin' me Convince himself that he wasn't fearin' me My niggas all killers from the bottom straight to the top Ride with me whether they know the destination or not, that's me The baddest rap you heard in a while Ride with the gat in the lap, convertible style, that's me The killer that lerk in the dark, tear up every god damn hood from the church to the park DRRROOOM! Motherfucker, you hear that noise? You better run for it, run for it, run! CHORUS Nothin' but underground shit comin' out of my pump Decaid funk from a punk comin' out of my truck Everybody wanna thug with them triggers they pullin' Be shooting pip-pip guns that ain't as big as my bullets Live from Detroit coming to a block near you Real soon so somebody might get popped near you All you wanna do is rap, I be listenin' right Have to flip a big difference between a clip and a mic I'm a soldier, cool as I want to be, gun totin' Talking to hoes, rude as I want to be, who wants some of me? This is no problem that I can't fix, I got a crew that I brung with me Hardcore niggas you're nothin' Ben Franklin run this motherfucker and in God I trust 'em If you ever see my guns out, they probably bustin' While you niggas is ridin' or diein', I'll be truckin' We soldiers, we bats, chains, gats, game, raps, names We soldiers, in the streets we keep heat Niggas is deep and niggas'll creep creep Ugh ugh ugh ugh Royce Nickel-Nine 2000 Big Reef ugh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce the 5-9 Album: Boom 12"  Song: We Live Typed by: Your_Majesty@Hip-Hop.com [Hook] We live ladies, so fuck witha nigga like,--me You not ready, to fuck with a nigga Oh oh here he comes Watch out now he'll chew you up I know you gone here me come I won't stop, now tell me who you are [Verse 1] I bet you never met nobody like this before Same game that he grew back from '64 I might rob from a pimp just to give to his whores I'm just one of the fourty thieves 'bout to get through this door Take game from a nigga with game and make change And meanwhile a clean house and take names I'm a walking million dollar price A talking billion dollars tight Feelin' like some zillion dollar ice I clown on fools Dump these little rappers in the great lakes and tell 'em the crown don't move Though you still ramble your lips I still hear you Just examine your bitch my prints still near you Once I talk to these hoes, they never talk back Once they walk through these doors, they never walk back Niggas better raise they weight, today they late When Nickle-Nine raid they dates, the player haters.. We Live ladies Don't you want to outdo my mind We Live ladies Never met no one like you in my life We Live ladies I know you gone see my coupe fly by We Live ladies Never met no one like you in my life [Verse 2] I know you wanna fuck with a nigga that's gangster Get you to your room, get into your womb Dig a deeper hole for you watch your face change Your weight gain, large helmet, Milky Way vane How long? Long as the frame of a great dane Take names that belongs in a frame bronze I'm 'bout the hottest name cause the sun can't fall You can't take your eye off your untamed broad She wanna ride along side of the same wall Put aside her pride holler and name call Tell you all types of moves, you don't do Say it's all in the tounge and the finger, coach you Women worldwide say Royce your so true In this real world what sits on a robe rules How can I be the King down on my knees This is for the ladies, fellas follow my lead We just wanna say.. We Live ladies.  Don't you want to outdo my mind We Live ladies Never met no one like you in my life We Live ladies I know you gone see my coupe fly by We Live ladies Never met no one like you in my life [Hook] Oh oh here he comes Watch out now he'll chew you up I know you gone here me come I won't stop, now tell me who you are [Verse 3] I'm the calmset, most are most smooth Whatever they want me to be, I'm no fool I rhyme for the ladies, rhyme for my fellas In my heart I'm just an MC that time undeveloped This one's for your girl, I'm 'bout to help you with her A dick-to-a-doorstep service that self-delivers Follow Ma, lot of Prada gotta buy a lot of bling Follow-badda-swallow-bada-boom-follows-bada-bing Cantine style, Luis the 13th After your chick smiles I knew it was working Rich niggas, you can't beat then join 'em You can't join us then beat it Leave us alone you hater you! We Live ladies.  Don't you want to outdo my mind We Live ladies Never met no one like you in my life We Live ladies I know you gone see my coupe fly by We Live ladies Never met no one like you in my life We live ladies, so fuck witha nigga like,--me You not ready, to fuck with a nigga! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Kid Vishis Album: EA Sports Soundtrax, Vol. 1 Song: No Way to Stop Me Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] From as far back as I can remember Me and my man Vishis We was always taught to shoot for the stars The game is ours, M.I.C. (c'mon!) [Chorus 2X: Royce Da 5'9"] Can't nobody stop me, uh-uh No way to stop me, uh-uh Can't nobody stop me, uh-uh Ain't no way to stop me, uh-uh [Royce Da 5'9"] Long as the checks stay ill and the records stay real I'ma definitely never see how second place feels I'm a striver, I learn from my father to burn like lava I am a survivor, the problem is that, even as a kid I've been meanin to be the, heir to the chair that the king's in I vowed to myself that, I wouldn't melt I will rise to the top, of the pile myself {"C'mon!"} Can't nobody stop my wealth My dreams or, team up without my help For sure it's better to chase ya I base this, on pure competitive nature Waitin, for the day that we make plans to compete, win or lose shake hands These are the views of the dudes of tomorrow who will win  cause they shoot for the stars and refuse, to lose! [Kid Vishis] Yeah, yeah As long as the checks stay ill and the records stay real I'ma definitely never see how second place feel Got the mind of a rhymer, conquer your roster Squad full of mobsters as hungry as a hostage Yeah, I will never fear cause I need to succeed, you could tell in my stare that I care if I lose, I'm a winner so I move with a vision Never fool with the timid, rather learn so I listen {"C'mon!"} Can't stop my mission Too vicious for you who step into the trenches Raw, talent - never back down Bring the challenge, I'ma leave standin Laughin at y'all faces cause y'all mad But dirty looks, will never shake this man Full steam ahead for the cake, for the bread 'til I'm fed Go hard at 'em all and refuse, to lose! {"C'mon! C'mon! C'mon!"} [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Kid Vishis) Long as the checks stay ill (and the records stay real) I'ma definitely never see how (second place feel) The league (the teams) fatigue (breathe) Believe in song {"C'mon!"} For sure it's better to chase ya I base this, on pure competitive nature (You can lose your shoes) Givin crews the blues (Go hard at 'em all and refuse, to lose!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce the 5-9 Album: Eastern Conference All Stars II Song: Nickel Nine Is Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Uh-uh, uh, uh, Yea homeboy Who gangstas? Whattup Smut Peddlers We gangstas, yeah Niggaz don't know me, call me He That's all you know, is these verses and his name Nigga, nigga, nigga.. Nickel Nine is.. Me not them This is.. Him not they Royce and Reef, Double-R Beef is close, but trouble's far Nickel nine is what the rhyme is I put my time in nigga, nickel nine is Uh uh, me not them This is, him not they, he is.. [Royce the 5-9] The reason why the funds is dizzy Money continuously spinnin, round and around like a frisbee My lungs is sticky from.. The second hand smoke from out of the guns, they busy eh eh eh eh.. Come get me He is, quick on the draw -- Same nine that I used when you thought I copped it and popped it at the same time Shit, carry tools, you gotta The streets is overpopulated with niggas who cheat, like Andrew Guilota Royce and Reef, Double-R when the gutter is beats, meat with the treble bars, nothin but heat Niggaz I'm in and outta this booth, like Clark Kent for the youth Flying with the NARC-proof tent for the TRUTH Niggas be trippin a lot, so I keep the longest clip in the lot Hit you while you loadin the clip in the glock like BLOAW! No life, no rep - the only games I play is you, he says like Mos Def Nigga.. [Royce the 5-9] Over-protected, keep the coldest connections When it goes in affect the only thing froze is the necklace That's it, keep the gat by me, I'm not rowdy So none of you's can see me like Jack Ponti None of you niggaz bad as me I got a +Mobb+ and we +Deep+ like Hav' and P, so get a job My shoes is 9 and a half sizes too big For every thug nigga listenin and not in the here You better know that He is, a motherfuckin throwback Rap shit nowadays is so wack, I wish I could go back It's undone, so I spend money like It's more where it came, even more where it didn't come from The time it took to write this, I could be sellin twice this And whipe shit, like my vemonmous drive is priceless My goons they'll put you away And if it's heat, then it's no beef homey I'll cook you today [Royce the 5-9] I got niggas like "That's Eminem's man ain't it" Like that's my name, like I changed it when my man became famous By the way, you ain't beefin with Slim, you beefin with us So stay out the magazines, keep it shhh hush, okay? Rappers is hilarious dog Never to big for that box, cuz the area's small And you'll fit, six feet deep is where you'll sit Bring it true, I'll turn sixteen deep into a trip to the sky... Yeah, you don't wanna hover Ya mommy wouldn't like it, whattup Proof Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yea [Royce talking] Nickel nine is what the rhyme is I put my time motherfucker nickel nine is Yeah, yeah, yeah, yea Yea, yea, yea, yeah Ward Street, my nigga X-Gov', Fred Little {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Inside a Change Soundtrack Song: The Best Thing Yet Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Royce Da 5'9" - Intro to Verse 1ne] One, two.. One, two... This one's for you.. Yeah I love him more than I love me, trust me Love at first sight, is there a such thing? There must be This is how it goes huh? My lil' man growin up Faster than I'm blowin up, don't wanna hit the road now Can't even tell him no now Every line from here on in is for him, put somethin on the flo' now Rapping ain't accept me 'til the night I met Slim He was born the same night, tell me that he ain't special My grandmama died the same night  Same hospital that he was conceived in, God has His reasons You can probably imagine mournin a death and rejoicin a life at the same time - but you prol'ly haven't! Fate has a way that it turns Had a death, in the family, had a baby, couldn't turn, that away He knows that his daddy sellin (sellin), records When he grew, old enough to understand me You KNOW I had to tell him [Chorus: sample from Anita Baker's "You're the Best Thing Yet"] (Royce) You're the best thing yet (This is for you!) to ever come in to my liiiiiii-iiiiife, oooh... You're the best thing yet to ever come in to my liiiiiii-iiiiife, oooh... You're the.. [Verse 2wo] For him, I could get so selfish It's strange how love can make you contradict yo'self How could I tell him not to steal and, I would steal for him Tell him killin is wrong and I would kill for him I told him I would never take myself away from him I would fight for him, at the same time, I'd do life for him Jump in front of a slug for him, this is unconditional love and I wouldn't wish none of the above on him (above on him) ..I best be, on my best behavior Mistakes made by me don't only affect me Affects him too, check what I been through They say your money's only as long as your next pencil When you livin the rap life And you givin your fans, verbally what you would get for a crack pipe This is the main reason I write Royce Daniel, the single most important thing in my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Lyricist Lounge Vol. 2 Song: Let's Grow Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce] Real niggaz only... hah... First of all, what's my name? Five-Nine! Yeah... I got somethin for you I got somethin for you, yeah They call me Royce 5-9 or, Mr. Always Ice Cold Wristed or, Mr. None Of Your Business Mr. Consistant In Conflict, for so dope lyrics The hardest hittin nigga in show bid'ness Came in this game with a pissy-ass attitude Arrogant like, "Shut up!" Laughin that you a trick I wasn't happy before, but I'm happy today I'm rappin today, lookin to get a plaque in my day So I met this white boy one night who turned out to be the illest human being I ever heard in my life He took me under his wing, and showed me some things and molded me into a pro until the flow was mean Taught me not to do it like this, but to do it like that Threw me all types of love and I threw it right back Though we don't talk as much, we never let the game consume us cause we too real, my nigga Slim, let's grow [Chorus: repeat 2X] Let us grow up, now we got here We can't stop here, we too far All my niggaz, y'all my niggaz and you all know who you are [Royce] Royce 5-9 or, twelve men and one About as explosive as them shells in your gun Mr. Quick To Pull A Thing On You just for your loot Mr. Mr. Mr. Quick To Swing On You before he shoot I'm the finest tuned rappin machine rappin a scene since, way back when there was only rappin in Queens Suck my BALLS if you competin with me homeboy I don't dream, I'm the type to just be homeboy Sucka free is like a religion I honor and serve and more common in words, a song witchu, what's in it? Y'all niggaz is all punks and your jewels is rented And your diamonds is all dark, like they blue but tinted I would never kill none of y'all, I ain't that fool But I will stomp the shit out you, I ain't that cool You ain't even gotta greet me when you see, matter of fact You better give me five feet when you see me, where you at? Let's grow [Royce] Royce 5-9 or, one cent nigga Bitches know that with me that the cum gets quicker Mr. Always Got Some Cris' Or A Pistol Rather diss you than chill wit you and will hit you The insanest monster that came and conquered a game that remains to be full of trained imposters I will not let you niggaz talk to me (nope) no way This is not what I'm here for, give me my money Faggots only attract faggots, and that's that You rap rat, you fuckin roaches and black maggots Feelin my heat, I talk shit from the moment I wake up Turn right around and talk shit in my sleep - let's grow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9 Album: MTV's Hip Hopera Soundtrack: Carmen *  Song: Boom Typed by: Luchesse3000@yahoo.com * originally on the Boom/Soldier's Story 12" Uhh! Boom! (Boom.. Boom..) Tick tick tick.. yeah.. 5'9 uhh Yo.. I'm the verbal-spit Smith Wesson, I unload with sick spit that quick wick to split a split-second Bomb with a lit wick expression You here a tick tick then you testin.. My saliva and spit can split thread into fiber and bits So trust me, I'm as live as it gets Everybody claimin they the best and head the throne since B.I.G is gone, if you ask me, they "Dead Wrong" My flow is hotter than the flash from the click When the hammer slaps the bullet on the ass from the clip You wind up in a room full of my dawgs I'll have you feeling like a fire hydrant in a room full of dogs So come, come now, get pissed on, shitted on Tough talk turns to, "Can't we all just get along" You get blazed when the mic's off, shot when it's on You probably ducked when they laid the gun shot in your song My gun strrr-utters when it speaks to you Utter shit to repeat to you Nothing to clip, then give a speech to you Me and Premier, we kind of the same in ways We both speak with our hands in dangerous ways Rap now is a circus of clowns A whole lot of lip from clicks I'll probably rap circles around I'm the next best to reach a peak formerly known as the best keep secret, I guess that I just leaped it [Chorus: repeat 2X]  {*"It gets {*scratch*} it gets {*scratch*}   It gets tragic like the havoc of a   nuclear bomb" -> Guru*}  [girl] Boom.. bam, God DAMN!  [5'9"] Royce 5-9 I'm a motherfucking star, I don't battle no mo' I provide the the gun clapping around of applause after ya show We can go toe to toe cause they calling you hot Stepping around all your punches like "that's all you got?" Everyday I'm meeting somebody and all of they peeps Quick to shake a nigga's hand and show me all of they teeth And these bitches I be patting they asses They be all dumb and googly-eyed lookin at me, battin they lashes Rappers think Detroit niggaz not as down as them Or since I'm down with Slim that I sound like him Quick to judge me and tell me that my hook might sell and say faggot shit to me like "I look like L" My advice quit talking it's over I was knocking niggaz out while you were knocking sticks off they shoulders I got dirt done in the past, I know y'all sweat I got regrets older than some of you so called vets niggaz say I found God with the flow Bring the police to the studio and bring the bomb squad to the show Ain't a nigga touching mines When you listen to my shit you don't chew, you don't breathe, you don't miss a fucking line Every time I spit, I tick to show you it's hot Leave me in the deck too long I blow up your box BOOM!! {*DJ Premier scratches*} [girl] Boom.. bam, God - DAMN!  [5'9"] Royce 5-9  [girl] Boom.. bam, God - DAMN!  [5'9"] Royce {*scratch*} 5-9  [girl] Boom.. bam, God - DAMN!  [5'9"] {*scratch*} Royce 5-9  [girl] Boom.. bam, God {*scratch*} God - DAMN!  [5'9"] {*scratch*} Royce 5-9  .. {*bomb ticking*} {*music fades*}   {*explosion*} {*bomb ticking*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" Album: Rewind 12" Single Song: Rewind Typed by: bomberfromdabean@aim.com Yeah, the street's got a code Cause being loud is old Silent is gold, smile and unload No police gotta know Cause when ya problem is told Ya problem isn't getting told, that's a no I'mma tell a couple stories about The notorious route That niggas take when they thirst, hear me out In 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 {1st story = about Soulja Slim} Here's a little story, I got to tell about A couple dudes who didn't know so well They didn't get a chance to blow but they could flow so well This is the perfect time for you haters to go, oh well Let's take it down to the Noila where them boys is warriors They notorious for ordering more then just hits, so Take heed, I seen dude in the V and the D He musta been moving with B.G. Before "Slow Motion" I heard dude was so focused On the street credibility, he's a "Soldier" Would he rather have beef or exposure? I don't know, I never met em I just know that I ain't trying to forget em As soon as he went home, the place he got the most love Niggas popped up and shot him in cold blood At the worst time and they crept up behind em And uh, just rewinded em {2nd story = about Blade Icewood} Story Two! I said boyyyyy, would you boss up and get this money For my niggas who ain't here? Bring the treeeees, and blow a huge cloud in the air For niggas who move without fear Gotta pour more than a beer, nigga pour out a fifth Fuck it we rich nigga, pour out some Cris A young nigga got shot up once, put in a wheelchair Still liked to light up blunts like "look, I'm still here" It's so truuuueee He came out of the hospital with way more money, way more jewels Roll through, any hood that you want in the city of Detroit They playing one of his tunes He prolly shoulda been with a goon He stopped at a car wash... I guess the dude he was with ain't know what to do They crept up on the side of em and Put the nine to em and, just rewinded em {3rd story = about Big L} Story Three! We bout to take the NYC, they know about him in the NYC But they don't know him in the D As far as emceeing, this nigga was crazy Muthafuckas used to say he was better than Jay-z The first time time I heard him was 9-5 "Ebonics" I played it and all my niggas was high trying to rewind it Them niggas was like, "Daaaammnn" This nigga said that a snot box was a nose Without stopping the flow and I was like, "Maannnnn" I swear to God that this nigga's a problem I think he better than Nas He's so ahead of his time, you play his music in 0-6 This nigga sound regular now I heard that he was thugging, had a brother who was thugging He was sitting on a stoop and he didn't see it coming They crept up in front of em and Put the gun to em and, just rewinded em Yeah, the street's got a code Cause being loud is old Silent is gold, smile and unload No police gotta know Cause when ya problem is told Ya problem isn't getting told, that's a no I just told a couple stories about The notorious route That niggas take when they thirst R.I.P. in 5, 4, 3, 2, 1 The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Eminem, Project Paki Album: She's the One 12" Song: She's the One (Remix) Typed by: stillmatic21787@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Eminem] Slim Shady Asshole [Royce] Any nigga wit guns, we got guns too More heated, ready to outgun you It's too late I already outgunned you You was around, you know the outcome too Let's play, lemme show you what Game is Heartbreak, I'm showin' you what pain is Please, I'm reppin' a 'd' homeboy Where your guns, you steppin' to me homeboy Royce five-nine's the name, niggaz know And niggaz know, dealin' wit me niggaz know Ayyo toots, how you get here, you wanna ride I got a five in Southside, you wanna drive Beside, I ain't got no five, you gold-digger You wanna suga-daddy, go get you an old nigga I got money, I'm just here to bug you girl Can't get none, but you know I love you girl yo [Chorus:] [Royce] She the one that wanna ride hot whips, huh Same one that ain't really got shit, huh She want her hair done, then get her nails done Go to Fifth Ave, just to shop for Shanell, huh [Eminem] She the one that ain't really got shit, huh The little bitch that really aint got tits, huh Fuckin slut with a chest enhanced,  Wouldn't dance if you aint pay for her breasts implants [Eminem] Anybody wit knives, we got knives too More sharp, and ready to outslice you About 5 dudes, waitin outside for you And what's inside is coming outside you Get me drunk, and I'll drink anything you can think Wattup Miss. Bitch  (Yo what's up with the ring, you married?)  Shit, I'm still mingling, bitch I just wanted to scream, this is the only finger that's it Wattup with you, you married? (Naww, I'm divorced) Of course you are, you little fuckin trailer park whore (Trailer? I don't live in no trailer. I live in a mobilization unit, for your information) Bitch, I got a dick, wanna fuck? Hold still, so i don't use birth control pills slut Fuck, pump so much cum in your stomach that when I pull out A years and a half old body, deranged baby fall out And I ain't stayin to pay no child support Are you playin? Be a man- bitch what you sayin? You tryin to pull some bullshit, while I got one arm free You want me to make this half-nelson a full? [Chorus:] [Royce] Wattup boo, this is for you and your girlfriend You bank-head, up in Detroit we Earl Flynt Assholes get guns and flashed those Never ever go to Detroit, we blast those [Eminem] Hi, my name is... [Royce] Royce I'm the king Gimme money, gimme jewels, everything Ayyo, you with the long hair, is it yours? I guess so, got a reciept- paid for Got anymore lipstick? I'm sick of red Get a perm, you nappy head, you chicken head I know you ghetto, I ain't trying to take the ghetto out Things about you to tell about, mellow out I'm the one that be makin the clubs say "What" Gettin love, and making the club say "What" Some of you cats, hate on the low and got sick Any sauce that got hits, not this yo [Project Paki] Any nigga wit guts, we got guts too More than crazy, only want to outdo you Damn, too late, we going after you Go get more niggaz, you gonna need more than two Project Paki, here to rep the east, New Jersey- I'mma rep my streets Militainment- we soldiers y'all Me, Slim, and Royce got you cornered y'all The only niggaz you see on World's Wildest Police Chases Niggaz that go wild only during court cases Bitches go wild when they see us cum on they faces We never discriminate, we fuck all races She the one that I got love for Money she won't get, I assure She the one that think she hot Damn, have you seen her, she is hot High maintanence- that's her style God I can't her out my mind, when she smile But ain't no need to worry bout nothin I got ten girls like her, I ain't frontin The only thing i buy is some good clothes for her, cuz them shit is tacky Royce got me on this, remember the name- Project Paki so yo [Royce] You tramp Why you still listenin?  Don't you see, I'm dissing you Fade me out, why would you ever play me out? I'm cool  What do yall want from me? (Repeat till fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Royce Da 5'9" f/ Pretty Ugly Album: Spit Game 12" Song: Spit Game Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Pretty Ugly] Yeah, uh-huh Pretty Ugly, Royce Da 5'9 1, 1-2 We spit game nigga... We spit game nigga...I'm here now.. [Pretty Ugly] Now take a look at me, how it fell [feel] to see me balling? (P.U.!!) Yeah, y'all heard what the callin' Pretty Ugly, that Philly cat wit the chipped tooth That wear low shirts, Guess jeans, and Tim boots I only drink 1-51 Rum Passion No Cris, I'm a thug, I don't like flashin' I can get a bad bitch wit something a lil' cheaper and my whole body smelling like reefer 'Dro or Babbage? I don't care, I got a bad habit Try to fight it? I ain't even took a jab at it Why quit? I love to talk shit I love them dick licks, when I'm taking a big hit I spit game all night, my mind ain't been right Y'all dudes ain't that tight, I put it in black and white I'm sick of rappers tryin' ta sign me, stop makin' offers I ain't here to see y'all, I come to talk to your bosses [Hook] Ma-MI, don't you hear my name? I'm tryin' ta get you to try ME, so you can play my game BOOM BOOM... La La La La La Laaa La La La La La La BOOM BOOM... La La La La La Laaa La La La La La La BOOM BOOM... La La La La La Laaa La La La La La La BOOM BOOM... La La La, Laaaa La La La La [Royce Da 5'9"] I said, he wanted a piece of me, I won't break, nigga Here is a piece of my heat that I won't take He's been, sold a dreamer Had the privilege, ta hold the nina You've been exposed ta peanuts Grown niggaz speak wit their hands, they know how to bring it Down to fold they fingers, slingin' as Ol' as English My gold feet, smokin' it rolled, that's how it be When a hoe scope, smokin' the coal, she eye me She probably sip on a nutta, it's probably Why these chickadees love us, we still slip on the rubbers Why is it that bitches would be sensitive lovers (We keep you bitches fly) We keep a bitch on the cover Niggaz heard it's our label so snap out Niggaz try to cover the card table, they crap out In Japan like I'm the man you lucky to know Cause I be fuckin' these hoes like, yo touchi yo toes [Hook] [Pretty Ugly] I spit game, it's real shit no riddles Girls at the bar, meet me in the middle Back that ass up, shake it jus a little Come on, show me something, make yo titties jiggle You gotta love the way I spit it cause my game is tight Its Pretty Ugly, I'm the same boy yo friend like Aint nuffin changed, I'm the shit baby, it's my time Spit game, the boy papes, Royce Da 5'9 [Royce Da 5'9"] What in yo mind'll make you think my click would be trickin'? Boom, I'm the bomb, bitch, coz my dick'll be tickin' We can split 50-50 stitches, paying for bitches My lips strictly for sippin', they ain't for lickin' Game - came for bitch now you swallow the doe Glow - 'til I holla, 'til it 'aha' fall on the flo I'm takin' this action, but you oughta know That I'm sorry Ms. Jackson, but yo daughter's a hoe [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Afu-Ra f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: State of the Arts Song: Pusha Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [Afu-Ra] Show me, which one of y'all is bold Which one of y'all wanna roll It just too many rocks in the road Worldwide my crash staff like a hustla And I'm flying in the planes, reading Hustler Word life, it's all about the game It's all about what comes to ya mind, when someone mentions ya name Spit flow after flow, like every track is the same And each one of my flows will be a sample in your brain My love for the music, is all that I got It's like, cooking a meal, the one ingredient in the pot I got my hands on a life long bundle Since '93, I've been working up in the jungle I never clock out, I gotta finish my bundle All I wanna do, is rock the mic, and keep it humble yup Hustle, hustla, we all gotta hustle, yup Get your hands up, cuz we all gotta hustle, come on [Royce Da 5'9"] I live for this music, die for this music I'm why you got your hands up, hands up, hands up Whoa, I make you lay way down, way down Low, in the ground, for what you stand up for Standard less then 7 dollars a record, is not acceptable I show you how to collect you alot of decimals I'm a walking acronym, rollin' so faster O.M.O.M., Own My Own Masters Oh my, N.E., I did it with No En'emy In the SS, mighty looking so slim S.G.'s; Shootin' Guns like a soldier While you looking so grimm, folk, fold Go off, you should go snitch, P.Y.B., nigga Pump Yo Brakes, while I Pull Yo Bitch Cuz, she I need, five for the a-side The b-side; three, you see how it be Rappin' 'em acronym's, backin' 'em backwards Rappers up to the wall, clap 'em up, kill 'em all Write it down, thug it out, spit it out, wrap it up Ship it out, bring the buzzin' out, that's what this shit about [Afu-Ra] Whatever's clever, I guess it's back to the basics I really feel like Shogun in The Matrix My mind's stick stone, lyrics to build an empire And how to capitalize, on the entire Roll for dollars and cents, it's fucked up I do this for money, but if I didn't, I be hungry And like I said, music's all that I got And I do this for my seed, so you know a brother gotta rock I'm proud to walk in a bank, deposit a knot Realize it's coming, from the way a brother voice drop Now I can spit 16 bars, or shoot for the stars Hardy-har-har-har, I still take it far And all I know, I'm coming from a culture Life without independence, is like a torture, yup Hustle, hustla, we all gotta hustle, yuupu Get your hands up, cuz we all gotta hustle, come on Artist: All Star Tribute Album: What's Going On EP Song: What's Going On (Rap Version) * Typed by: no1wammy@hotmail.com * Also known as The Neptunes's This One's For You Mix [Pharrell] People in the ghetto (Come on) This one's for you Yeah, baby People in the ghetto Yeah This one's for you Yeah, baby (Verse 1) [LL Cool J] It's like God's M.I.A. in the hood You a baller when you bad, but you corny when you good When I talk about Jesus, I misunderstood To keep it real with your Cristol, don't boost my morale I rather see the homeless warm and poor people get on And rappers going platinum, singing upliftin' songs Mama say, "God comes like a thief in the night Do you pray everyday Or when tragedy strikes?" [Noreaga] What's going on? World war Wanna settle the score So who's the enemy? This dude {*censored*} 'em all I tried to tell all the little homies Just chill on the streets Now we all stand together Cause we all for peace I saw the twin towers fall Like it's nothin' at all I stood shook All sad, all New Yokers is mad And we all got our flags on the cars Cause whether you White or black America's ours [Royce Da 5'9"] I remember thinking, killin' is wrong Waiting and wishin' that the Bone chillin' feelin' is gone, but still, it's on Wonderin' will I'll condone, what's goin' on in our zones Violence that exists in our phones or that lives in our homes Everyday, a killer is born, utility swarms We buildin' bonds, let's chill and be calm, and heal cause we strong I know you feelin' this song, cause killin' is wrong Millions are gone, put your ribbons on [Pharrell] What's going on Break 1: Faith Evans (Pharrell in background) People lying in the street Ain't got no food to eat (What's going on) So many children Living in poverty (What's going on) What can we do To help the weary (What's going on) Oooh, we gotta get down On our knees and pray Hook: Queen Latifah All you do is take a look at the kids And you See what this world done did And um It's a dog gone shame Some of the pain, we walk with cloud in our rains And um Don't let it get you down Times get rough, good times come back around Don't let it make you down You got the power to turn your life around (Verse 2) [Fabolous (Pharrell in background)] What's going on In the U.S.A. Why we all can't live in a F-A, B-O, L-O-U-S way And I do just pray That next year, I'll be tryin' to buy A new S, instead of a new S.K. It's so easy to grab and shoot at somethin' But war What is it good for? Hun? Absolutely nothin' We oughta build from the boulders I caught a chill When I hold a thought Of my children as soldiers (What's going on?) What's going on? [Sonja Blade] Now, wasn't y'all them same cats, holdin' up mags Now, look Everybody holding up flags It's like the real lace attack with the red, white and blue The FED's ain't got a clue So what we gotta do, hun? What's going on, why does it have to be The only time we unite is in a catastrophe? But if I had the power, I would bring back the towers Be the unfound hero, dead be no ground zero Break 2: Pharrell What's going on Fed up (???) more Computer friend is crazy (What's going on?) Hustlers bribin' for the hood And we're sharin', baby (What's going on?) Well, maybe, we'll keep up with the page The future's on (What's going on?) Maybe then, we won't have to ask What's going on (What's going on?) (Verse 3) [Da Brat] Here, it's 9/11, and I turned on my T.V. I couldn't believe, that this was happenin' to me I Jumped on my knees and prayed, I said, "Lord Is Revelation coming true from Back in the day?" What's going on, cause I'm wondering why Everybody ringing my phone They trying to see, if I was on a plane Tryin' to see if I was comin' home But I'm not, and I thank the Lord How could it been no one in the conquer (Fo sho) When I'm still here (That's right) I pray that it don't go loop [Angie Martinez] No matter what, we gotta choose Sleep, and you lose Every other day, I find myself, watching the news Eyes glued to the screen in another world Wishin' I could move to another world I seem to be another girl [Havoc] What's going on, we under attack The war was the past, I knew I looked towards a brighter future with planes gettin' crashed They can't crush me spirits, so I spit it through the lyric Though I stand in the valley of death I won't fear it [Prodigy {Pharrell in background}] Nigga, we livin' Revelations everyday It's like turning the pages We gotta rise up, done it, stop playin' It's like the world ain't Nothin' but a great big bomb And time is just a countdown for that shit to blow (POW) {What's going on?} [Faith Evans (Jagged Edge in background) {Pharrell in background}] I know, I know we can do this thing (Oooh, mercy, mercy, me) {What's going on?} If we just come together, we can do it (Things ain't what they seem to be) {What's going on?} I know we can (For you in my ocean) Do anything that I want {What's going on?} [Pharrell] What's going on? [Jagged Edge (Pharrell in background)] My brother, brother (What's going on) Won't somebody help me, yeah (What's going on) Father, father, help us The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bad Meets Evil (Eminem, Royce the 5-9) Album: Scary Movies 12" Song: Scary Movies Typed by: rapforum@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash "What's your favorite scary movie?" [Em]	Yo, Slim Shady! [R5]	Yo, Royce 5-9 [Em]	Y'all wanna make a movie? [R5]	What.. [Em]	We got the film right here [Royce] What? Yeah I'm one of them pretty rappers Buck if I really hafta, I really slap ya King of Detroit who they namin the city after (what?) Scandalous partners, whose grammar hammers the hard shit into your heart with, content, yo who wanna start with experts, Bad and Evil is comin soon MC's get stuck, head first back in they mother's womb This shit is written, in my eyes I'm the illest MC spittin (what?) Leavin all of you cats shittin kittens I gotta diss you, my niggaz be cockin pistols Shot and split you, fuck splittin the profits with you (what?) Six percent, of y'all niggaz is just pretend Clicks with clits, pussy niggaz stink with dicks (what?) Niggaz act bully, and blast for the fast penny My auto is fully, plenty of niggaz packin semi Speak darts; yo you get paid? Rhymin about it is the sweet part You can't be street smart with a cheap heart Five Nine, a street nigga with deep feelin (what?) I keep illin, my steez willin to keep killin (what?) Fuck rap, a lot of y'all all is just acts Trust that - you rhyme all wack on rough tracks Bust and then we all black when you get bust back at Fuck that, you get blast at, you get laughed at And I'ma spit thunder (what?) stick to my guns Niggaz is finished before they gimmicks, one-hit wonders What? Big balls, that's why when I spit, your clique stalls I'ma pit bull, I'm just dog, I'm just raw (what?) Split y'all, holla, "It's on!" Then I diss y'all All of y'all niggaz get pissed on claimin you pissed off Chorus: Eminem and Royce (repeat 2X) Y'all want drama? Wanna make a scary movie? Rappers comin in with they team and carry toolies You can jump right out of the screen and barely move me We hard-hittin, directin and starrin in it [Eminem] The one man on the planet that'll drive off of the Grand Canyon Hop out of a Grand Am and land in it handstandin Any man plannin to battle will get snatched out of his clothes so fast it'll look like an invisible man standin I'm headed for Hell, I'd rather be dead or in jail Bill Clinton, hit this (here) and you better inhale Cause any MC that chooses to go against me is gettin takin advantage of like Monica Lewinksy (Leave me alone!) Came home in a frenzy, pushin a ten speed Screamin to Aunt Peg (AUNT PEG!!!!) with three spokes stickin out of my pant leg Fuck a headache, give me a migraine  Damnit I like pain (AHH!) and you should be anywhere that a mic ain't You rap knowin you wack You act up and I'm throwin you down a flight of steps then I'm throwin you back up em If they don't like the track, fuck em The rap struck em harder then gettin hit by a Mack truck and then backed up on And any half-assed known rapper to trespass better be ready for the second Celebrity Deathmatch (Ding! Ding!) So tell the medic to bring the medication and quickly (Hurry up man!) I'm sicker than a Tupac dedication to Biggie I'm free-fallin feet first out of a damn tree to stampede your chest 'til you can't breathe And when I'm down to my last breath I'ma climb the Empire State Building and get to the last step and still have half left Chorus [Em]	Bad.. the bad.. [R5]	Uhh, when the bad meets the bad.. yo.. [Em]	The evil [R5]	Take the evil with the evil [Em]	Put em together [R5]	What? Nine-nine [Em]	Two times.. Slim Shady.. Royce the Five Nine The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Travis Barker f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Give the Drummer Some Song: Devil's Got a Hold Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {*37 seconds of instrumental*} [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] I toss, I turn, can't sleep, at night I punch, I kick, I claw, I bite It seems, that I, can't win, this fight Hands together if you there, tell him leave me alone The devil's got a hold of meeee The devil's got a hold of meeee The devil's got a hold of meeee (*whispered* - The devil's got a hold!) [Joell Ortiz] Pen in my right hand Beat on repeat, he hates when I'm writin so the thing on my nightstand start ringin and lightin up, vibratin and all that I don't wanna sell no wall crack, I just wanna go perform at the biggest place in the world cause I'm dope, like them four packs sittin in writes on my window sill, makin sure everything stays on chill Right shoulder wearin all white sayin "Joe chill" Left shoulder wearin red sayin "Pay yo' bills" So that raw metaphor that I, thought of before I don't remember no more Cause I just ran out the door to meet a fiend by the store And I heard, "So you off tour?" And I turned, and seen this whore that I used to fiend for that ain't never let me score lookin at me like I'm somethin she ain't never ever saw So a one-hour run somehow turned into 24 Wifey callin I hit Ignore, my priorities is poor Listen Lord [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel... c'mon My life is like a box of chocolates I work hard for it, plus I am awk-ward, uhh I am a addict's son, plus I'm a addict, son I am a AK addict, uh, Travis drums I am the lead dump factor, that's why I got a edge on rappers I am redrum backwards I'll see your crew and get deep so you can respect it, jump me! I signed a deal with my maker, Satan's my record company I got a K cannon - I buy chinchillas My bitches rockin Luci-furs after they Satan-in Now can you say tannin? Better yet say Dannon Your coupe look just like yogurt, I fly I ain't landin I am the bank bandit, I got a buyin problem I goes in then walk out with all the money but I ain't rob 'em [Joe Budden] I'm talkin, I'm talkin he talks, I listen, GPS on my position Just livin, just hangin out with the opposition Can't take the heat get the fuck out the kitchen Stupid y'all, think I'm just spittin I belong in prison, crazy by my own admission on a mission to grab a podium, audience, let me tell the public that I'm self-destructive, I ain't lookin for no help, FUCK IT! Lookin for a way to get high, I'm still alive Six million ways to die, still a few more left to try {?} is Red Bull, pills is hittin, still a slight medic' We just goin back and forth, feelin like tennis Standin underneath rain, wanna be sane, friends and family wantin me to change But it's too late cause my feet is gettin comfy on the flames Check it! I don't wanna be another nigga with no gold (nah) No fame, success nigga no hope (nah) Sleep on the corner in SoHo, like up is down, there's no dough Uhh, fuck it, they ain't put me under yet And think what you wish, I ain't got one regret [Crooked I] My automobile is not a Bentley, he knows that my pocket's empty The devil's so consequently, he gotta tempt me Standin on the block you should not offend me I rock a semi, like Prada Fendi I don't think the spirit of God is in me Just wicked whispers of scriptures Satan is narratin I heard you got a safe in your crib so I'm there waitin Nobody's safe in your crib, while I'm on that staircase, I'm bare-faced Possessed by what you possess, I'm hell raising And I just left somebody's father a quadraplegic Told him not to move or get shot to Egypt, he did not believe it He's losin blood and I'm cold-blooded like I'm anemic I need a doctor, I'm psychotic, maybe I should watch "The Secret" Or see a priest and I might just chill Or will I blow him out of the confession booth, like on "Righteous Kill" Kill kill kill - God when I write this will I hope I seek some forgiveness cause {my life was real} [Outro] Devil's got a hold of me D-d-devil's got a hold of me Devil's got a hold of me... Devil's got a hold of me D-d-d-d-devil's got a hold of me Devil's got a hold of me... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Sean f/ Kendrick Lamar, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Detroit Song: 100 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus] As I look up to the sky Thought about a 100 things to do before I die Hit all the girls I want and make sure my niggaz right And my family live that life As I look up to the sky Thought about a 100 things to do before I die Wonderin if I could live it all in one life Cause it could all end in one night As I look up to the sky I thought about a 100 things to do before I die [Big Sean] Couple niggaz on the hitlist and bitches on a different type Same shit different nights, till I live a different life Sean you looking tired, damn homie that's all I've been stressin so hard I'm surprised I ain't going bald Haters praying I fall, move back in with my moms Take online classes and turn back into ya'll, hatin' I guess they want your lights out when you the plug Niggaz wanna catch you slippin like they pulled the rug From where they move the drugs, Buddha love Niggaz sleepin with that mac and I ain't talkin bout computer love All the wrong people you a price tag Now you pray to God hoping that you got a Christ tag Make it where I'm from, stay who I become Time to raise hell, say nay my son Taking elevators straight up out the slums to a penthouse view And have the fam there too [Bridge] If I just stop breathin, even though I got all this motherfuckin money Won't keep my heart beatin Just don't let me die Wake me up You can't catch me dreamin Bout all of this motherfuckin money Cocaine rush, I'm speedin Cocaine rush... [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm just a Detroit nigga, nothing extra about me I go extra hard at the first second you doubt me I strive for perfection at the same time I'm accepting the fact that there'll never be nothing perfect about me Shit, I'm just waiting on a win Come up with better hooks, the hoes'll take it on the chin We are 6 mile bred, thats why you see our sick style yeah Crackhouse flow with a pit downstairs Momma happy at me, daddy happy at me The baddest chick is yonking, imagine this chatty yapping at me 5 years ago I was in tears in the back of a paddy wagon Now I'm Cali swaggin' My nigga listen, I'm over the fame You number 1, I'm 23, my mission is take over the game You rollin with lames, we ain't rollin the same I'm the best out in this motherfucker If I could get a check out of this motherfucka big enough to set my kids up for life I could check out of this motherfucka, with no regrets If you ain't living your life for ya kids, I ain't giving yo ass no respect (Sean, I love you my nigga, I'm out) [Chorus] + [Bridge] [Kendrick Lamar] I gotta break ya fuckin heart I gotta climb these fuckin charts (I gotta climb) I gotta do something that's innovative Creative just to create a legacy before death do us part I gotta spend one summer in Tijuana with Tia and Tia's momma Breakfast in bed is head with plenty of Carne Asada (I gotta) I gotta find me a wife to elope (I gotta) I got a fine, cause I ain't wanna vote, I promise I know the history of those who died for the rights for me to survive But those who lied to the minority will make 'em turn inside they grave I can easily pretend like yall, but thats not me I gotta spread the truth even when the truth can hurt the youth Need to know every detail about this Earth, the devil controls it So before you scrutinise how I feel ask God if those polls important The end is near! [Chorus] + [Bridge] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Shug f/ Royce Da 5'9", Singapore Kane, Termanology Album: Play It (Remix) 12"/Wrath of Kane Song: Play It (Remix) Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Big Shug] (DJ Premier) {Termanology} Yeah man, all I'm sayin is (Remix...) Just play the music, play all of the music, man We gotta keep some balance in the game Y'know? Let it play man, f'real (f'real!) ("Remix!") Uh-huh Big Shug, Preemo, you know the deal {5'9", Termanology! Singapore} Just play these records man, all of em DJs', all around the world [Big Shug] This year, I'm not fuckin with coward cats who hide behind they raps and flashy Cadillacs Scared of the battle raps and semi-auto gats But wanna push wack rhymes from artificial cats that wanna feel the purple haze and spots with cate-gorys Swimmin pool with dime chicks, spendin happy days With all my niggaz blaze, honey dips gets glazed And I'm paid a hundred grand when I hit the stage This is not a phase, it's a real, nigga's rage And I'ma make sure I get it before I'm back in the cage I promise to shoot and blaze, 'til my dyin days 'til DJs' stand and my music's played Any beef with me'll end in castastrophe I'm winnin while you losin, thats how it just has to be From the vinyl, to the CDJ Give the fans a chance to hear the fly shit I say Play the record or get smacked clean With another bangin joint from Big Shug and DJ Prim' ("Play it") Play it! ("Play it") Play it! ("Play it") Play it! ("Play it") Play it! ("Play it") Play it! ("Play it") Play it! ("Play it") Play it! [Chorus: Big Shug] Let the music play, ayy ("You know we get down!") Let the music play, ayyeyaay ("On the microphone" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bizarre f/ DJ Young Mace, Kuniva, Redman, Royce Da 5'9", Seven the General Album: Friday Night at St. Andrews Song: Rap's Finest Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: DJ Young Mace] I go by the name of DJ Young Mace! Live from St. Andrews niggaz! All the way from 7 Mile and Stout Bizarre~! [Bizarre] Yeah, yeah, yeah, uhhhh Bam-bam-boom-bip, we turn up the psycho Friday the 13th, nigga I'm Michael Bad man, Boogeyman, whatever you wanna call me hoe Westside Detroit, that's Bizarre's barrio You a sorry hoe, I'll pull that tool I'll act a fool nigga, smoke like some cools I catch a lot of cases, smack a lot of faces Rap 101 nigga it's back to the basics Stuck in the zone, blowin microphones Wild the fuck out nigga, leave me alone! Dope fiend, hydro, codeine, mescalines Bloody murder scene, Bizarre kill a teen Get back, get smacked, I'll blast a four Fuck the chit-chat, the impact'll blast your door I'm so hardcore, but so wild Black labrador, Mr. Grey Child! [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] Ladies and gentlemen! Live from Runyon Ave.! One-fourth of D12! Eastside's finest! The Derelict, Kuniva~! [Kuniva] Uhh, what up? Yo, straight out yo' mammy throat A derelict, watch it or get your granny smoked Sawed-off shotty under my nanny coat I'm C-Murder in his prime in the Cali yo Cruisin the streets, who want a piece of this cold calico? Up in Jackson relaxin, third tier action Give a nigga face a slashin at my court case laughin Pants saggin, pistol brandishin, blast it, vanishin Drastic, ambulance pullin up, casket managin Now you stiff like a plastic mannequin We about that, pull a gat right where your mouth at and you panickin Angrier than young Anakin I throw bullets like a flag challengin a play, hollows hit his abdomen 'niva's a beast, stalkin the east, packin a piece Nobody dies, I wanna get it crackin at least We can fight, I do scrappin with ease So watch your tone when you 'round here askin for me Get off my dick bitch! [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] Ladies and gentlemen, we still goin strong! Back to 7 Mile's finest My nigga, Seven the General~! [Seven the General] Sir yes sir Yadada-mean, amphetamines and Vicodins I'm nitrogen, 7 Mile's fist-fightingest I'm lightin this bitch up, Bizarre said "Get 'em dawg" So I'm gon' sic 'em like Vick said "Finish y'all" And I administer pain like a sinister sick son-of-a-bitch from Israel, our chemist raw Yeah I cook cocaine and such And blow propane, threw out a Dutch, I'm 7 Mile as fuck But that's the Westside in me Bag up, buff up yay's and flow Hemi's (Hemi's) Fo'-fo' semi (semi) fo' do' Sentry (Sentry) Grams in a {?} so his bag full of empty (empty) Mashin an MC cause my shit sells (sells) My shit's swell so I'm live from the Braille (Braille) When I'm out with D12, 50 pounds and a bail Do a round for the town, 50 rounds in a scale (ay) [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] We not done yet! M.I.C. representer! The King of Detroit! Royce Nickel Nine! Get 'em~! [Royce Da 5'9"] The llama kinda scary, comparin it to Suge Before I shoot a nigga have him actin all good You can call me Tyler Perry, the bar you know is raised You can take her cause she faker than your mom on braids Like Stevie I'm blind to the bark and behave You've seen me online drunk with arsenals waved I go off on the brave, the same to the fearful Aim at your head, put your thoughts on a page! Wear a clip, air a clip, you can call me Aerosmith +D MC+'s +Run+ when they +Walk This Way+ {?} M.I.C. niggaz, we busy, don't speak to me Bitches is smitten by the written lyrical wizardry Switch the, flow up, so what, I'm tote, uh Ridin with my angel like Lo-la, uh Recognize I'm about to blow up, though I blew Not the fame but the breathalyzer, ah, I'm through (hahaha) [Interlude: DJ Young Mace] Last but not least Representin Brick City All the way from North New Jersey Mr. Funk Doctor Spock Redman~! [Redman] Yeah, yes sir, thank you Bizarre Gilla House niggaz! Yo! I'm a mad dog nigga, Cujo So the +Dee+ watch me now like I'm Kool Moe I'm overseas turnin weed into euro Now I'm back to +Draw Four+ like Uno FUCK your girl roll, I never stop gettin it I keep runnin like your toilet need jigglin You're loud but your mouth don't match the dividends Your rock hard flow sound a lil' impotent I only got sixteen, but my sixteen like sixteen kids shot my six teens Trenchcoat, I empty 'til the clip clean A one-shot like Tyson hit Mitch Green Ask my siblings, I got a problem Your punchlines won't make it out of Round ONE! Birds, love to flaunt all around him You want a bad boy? You found one Get money! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Milk f/ Elzhi, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Album of the Year Song: Deadly Medley Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Verse 1 - Black Milk] Yeah, truth be told (uh), this is who you call the truest out the  newest pho- to people watchin our every move like it's "The Truman Show" (uh) Coolest flow, signal to my crew the cue to go With they finger on triggers, gun powder under cuticles (uh) Newest flows, shows as ugly as war zones Yeah, shit is ugly as Lady Gaga's wardrobes (uh) Word to Dilla, his verse is iller, the words are killer Ain't heard nothin this legendary out since the birth of +Thriller+ My +Human Nature+ to expose teams seems These rappin' niggas are girls, pre-teen, +Billie Jean+ Seems, they love when I'm performin, they laugh at your performance My shit is Martin Luther, your shit is Martin Lawrence Tourin on the plane to somewhere in the world new In the clouds, listenin to Stevie Wonder's +Girl Blue+ So true, dude is feelin confident and feelin taller I'm feelin on top of the world without the fear of fallin [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] Uh, uh, yeah I said niggaz known to talk a lot get chopped up I say I'm sittin in the coffee shop, I don't mean I'm at no Starbucks Just me and Vishis, roll around like we don't need no niggaz Just these triggers, we "Old School" like Dean Pritchard You can't take the heat, get yo' ass out the kitchen Matter fact, take yo' ass back in there and wash the dishes I'm ready for war, I know what you thinkin, I already said it before You better get ready for this, Deadly Medley, whenever we here to record I can cut into you in my sleep Like steppin to the weak, I can catch a bullet in my teeth I'm known as, who not to go at, don't ask, just never tempt me You can bet your ass, you'll have no ass, you bet against me (uh) I'm in the best shape of my life lyrically I don't even write seriously I just fuck around, like a Rolling Stone, I laid a hat in many homes "Bad Boy" like Diddy Combs, shoulders with his whole entire city on [Verse 3 - Elzhi] (Yo) You need to be amputated I snap you in minutes, I left Detroit rappers in fitteds decapitated It's not a dumb threat, 'cause though I'm not what I become yet I challenge some vet and stick it to him like a drum set Clap the 'matic, I flip like an acrobatic Slap fanatics, with murderous rap mechanics I'm worth pay, pockets go green like it was Earth Day That's why I blow cake like it's my birthday The way I roll, envision the city blob Half of y'all shouldn't rap, y'all do a shitty job Like colon cleansin and I'm dyin to test ya No denyin, I'm applyin the pressure like the iron I rely on that lie in  the dresser Several try and get they Kangol crushed 'Cause my skills ill like slicin up Devil's pie off of angel dust You left behind me lookin shadowy, it's fatality To ever try to handle me like a piano key The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Milk f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Tronic Song: Losing Out  Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com For a minute Whatever you think I think about what's been going on Let's talk about [x2] You and your problems and all that it seems to do  When you spend the night Just talkin' bout [x2] You and your problems no matter what I say, I can't get it right Don't think about Losing out Other words is losing out Other ones, losing out Other words is losing out Other ones, losing out Other words is losing out [Verse One: Black Milk] Yeah, let's talk about who's the most underestimated plus Underrated city in this hip hop game Let's talk about I don't know if these industry mofo's overlook us Cause they might be afraid They don't know if we get the spot like that You might not get your spotlight back  For a couple dec-ades Let's talk about Auburn  A burn  Now it's Dave Twaz turn  Like Berry Gordy came back Don't think about comparing us to another Metropolitan area  Or anywhere on this globe Let's talk about us breaking barriers spittin' sick as malaria  Spittin, you not even spittin' a cold Let's talk about how they make the masses attracted to the wack Like a magnet, it's a sad mission Just talkin' bout how I mastered these massive lyrics of ass  Like you in a class with a mathematician Just think about losing out [Chorus: Black Milk speaking over the chorus] Naw, you're not losing yet. We beat up beats like this all the time You got a few minutes of abuse. My nigga Royce where you at?  [Verse Two: Royce Da 5'9"] Right here my nigga Yes, let's talk about  I got more cases than a maw' fucking A-R clip  Than they got on our mayor Let's talk about  If you from the "D" and you don't fuck with Hex Trick or me then you prolly a square Let's talk about the Metropolitan area Venereal spitter, still Proof burial bitter Poof Talk about me, I'ma be on yo ass  Trouble sells, I will take I to the double L Not think about tusslin' wit' a head buster Who got mo' muscle than Cool J, double L, hah You can pop like that Take off your whole top like BAP  Another body what the hell Let's talk about makin nigga's hard earned money  Or us puttin money on heads like I'm payin' their barbers Talkin' bout cotton mouth Hangover, Range Rover  750 when I hit the streets game over Nigga I ain't never losing out [Black Milk speaking over the chorus]  Naw, nope. It's almost over I give you one last chance to keep up Round three nigga'. Uh [Verse Three: Black Milk] Let's talk about the best, the worst Started from birth  With the gift and the curse  Nah I'm just spittin' the verse Just to talk about whenever I'm spittin' the verse  Feels like my words is splittin' the Earth in two Got 'em talkin' 'bout, "Who's That rap dude that master soul clap move  When messin' with the boom bap BOOM Like the "D" When the crack moves in the street Niggas pull heat longer than Shaq's shoes Don't think about [Royce Da 5'9"] Bringin' out them ninas Cause we bout to clean 'em out Phone calls could lead to a red shirt Ringin' out  Gun shots Tec's blllert Expert, leanin' out  The window bringin' my inner demon out Talkin' bout how we got it mastered The fact that Whenever me and Black, do a track, it's a classic Talkin' 'bout my life nigga  No sound realer rider with the four pound  Thriller like Mike, out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Bun B f/ Redman, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Stop Playin' {S} Song: Stop Playin' Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  {"I-I-I-I-Incredible"} [cut-n-scratched repeatedly] "Stop, playin" [Bun B] I'm the one man army Bun B (B) I've never been taken out (out) I keep MC's breakin out (out) I'm bringin real rap back and takin the fakin out I'm clearin all the bullshit out the way to make a vacant route (route) Okay, now let the real niggaz roll through (through) That's goin for you new niggaz and the old too (too) It was some bullshit then, and it's some bullshit now So I'm just tryin to keep the bullshit down They say the rap game (game) needs balance to keep it level (level) Just like the EQ with the bass, mid and treble (treble) And yeah that's true, but if you wanna point blame (blame) Just be careful about the motherfuckin way you aim (aim) You blame radio, internet and politics ('tics) But see we all really know that's just a pile of shit (shit) You're not playin cause your music ain't hittin (hittin) The people don't like you, stop hatin, start quittin motherfucker [Chorus: Bun B] You sayin you're the man, that's the kid in you (kid in you) Because we knowin what you did and what you didn't do (didn't do) It's not the shit you say, it's the shit you not sayin (sayin) You know better, show better, step it up and stop playin {*scratched*: "Stop, playin"} Stop playin {*scratched*: "Stop, playin"} Stop playin {*scratched*: "Stop, stop"} You know better, show better, step it up and stop playin [Royce Da 5'9"] Niggaz be lyin, talkin 'bout they bust a heater Once I see 'em they be more like Justin Bieber Leave it, my rivals' underground Like Skyzoo's how I do, I'll have 'em layin on the ground bleedin, butt-naked with a bullet in his motherfuckin head like Erykah Badu I find irony in bein in the place where I'm wearin +Gucci Mane+ gettin white-boy +WASTED+! I tell a nigga break bread or take lead I'm tryin to get rid of this weight, K-Fed Me and Bun got a gangsta bond We like that once-in-a-lifetime thang to you that ain't the prom I'm not a fan of no man, I'm not +Stan+ Flow like Niagara, that's why they go God +dam+ I whip it up in the kitchen like pots and pans I'm God-like, when I'm prayin I should stand [Redman] Yes sir, yo Bun B I got this Yes sir, awwwwwww No rapper can rap, quite like I can I'll take your best-known rapper, and make him a fan I'm the man homeboy, we run the block I'll make you say "Go Reggie" and do the wop Ha ha, and I'm Doc, the nigga to hate And my flow and yo' swag, it don't relate Cause I'm GRRREAT, jewels like Frosted Flakes Light-skinned, just one shade darker than Drake I hold weight, when the camera rollin It's like golf how I got the +US Open+ Nigga I'm nice, I see you scopin Think twice before you move that close in That's my dosage, call me tomorrow Look so fly when you call me a barber E'rything I write, call me the author Baby I'm back, sorry I lost ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Caltroit (Black Milk & Bishop Lamont) f/ Ras Kass, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Black Milk Presents Caltroit Song: Go Hard Typed by: Timm2014@hotmail.com Intro [x3] Go hard, go harder, go hard, go harder We go hard, go harder, we go hard, we go harder [Ras Kass] Shit. Rassy. C'mon I spit Sex and violence Spinal meningitis (It's goin' down) When I kick you in the chest like King Leonidas You own a pair of Air Force Ones Now who the fliest And not the Nikes, I mean the president's plane (your highness) Dame I'm drunk and I'm proud, a chicken catch this "-itis" Havin' a burner make me feel secure like a blue blanket for Linus West coast droppin' the science And girl you might be the finest But I'm gonna treat that bitch like Don Imus Nappy headed hoes! Oh, no apologies Fuck N.B.C. I got A.D.D. When it comes to T&A? Haters hate away But heads I separate niggas from their DNA Me and rap got a symbiotic relationship Call it gangsta shit Get a pen and I turn into Venom Then I'm Somewhere O.T. in Gucci denim Rocks in a watch so big Should have let Pookie hit 'em New Jack City  Between two black titties Bang White cat's kitties Cause the gas price shitty Funny with good credit? Yeah Fill my gas tank with premium unleaded Plus got a gettin' head fetish Ras stay on the block like Tetris I recreate the six days of creation with my left wrist South paw, outlaw, outcast, outlast, outwit Like I'm a Survivor from Auschwitz  [Chorus: Black Milk] Niggas see who's comin' and be like, "God damn" Everything's hotter make 'em holler "God damn" In the song playin', I got 'em sayin' "God damn" Play it loud all the hater's mouths sayin' "God damn" Do you know who I am? Understand, superstars like a rock band Royce, Ras Kass, Black, Bishop god damn Put the block down Got the game locked down Rhyme sayers got everybody sayin', "God damn" [Royce Da 5'9"] File out, 5'9"s out Send the dogs out MySpace Send them blogs out My pace brings fatigue out Picture perfect flow, brings your flaws out Tell the coroner, "Throw the towel out" I got nine's out Make these niggas pray he finds out Fuck dudes, trust who Y'all fools look weirder than Amy Winehouse I'm bout S's with the lines through Lexus with the side view You don't have to stress it It'll drive you Mark y'all Parallel park y'all Spark y'all Put you under the river or shark y'all They say "Son is a killer" Departin' y'all Black Milk is the second comin' of Dilla Or should I say the late great Wonderful Dilla Pardon y'all That's that  This this On some Phat Kat shit Carte Blanche, ought not Try to light this wick Dynamite stick With Die tonight Bic Quick I be like... [Bishop Lamont] Godfather J I see you. Let's get it! Yeah If the doe glow like an aura or Aura Borelis Ice froze, diamonds heavy snow like Superman's palace B-b-b-b blizzard, I need chains for the traction Keep the secret, cock the block laws of attraction Origami makes shape paper I ain't talkin' that Some to into a bird I turn into a herd 640 horse power Fly by, my image blur Looks like the side effects after Ring's been observed I never sleep Live in perpetual light Know some Rots who insomniacs, ready to bite Late Reverse your chromosomes with the chrome or a poem Neurotic, sonic, couple quad trains off my rap page Ink prints in sequence Seven Seal in the days Navy Seal, water drill Trained to fight the hardest ways Combat, gats bash the dome  Flap or fly but Snap and get swung Make your motherfuckin' chest cave Take my shirt off Fake, count a nigga off the stage Hump a bitch, give a shit Her head wasn't underage Piss on a couple crumpled dollars and I'm outta there Outta here My level rappers ain't no where near  Y'all ain't even sea level I'm in another atmosphere Steady program  Can't even reach it Here's a hint Not a cent Pocket full of lint On my dick, talkin' shit You're lucky Hex ain't get sent The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Lyrical Law (Disc 1) Song: The Cypher of Bread & Butter Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, 5-9, Canibus Uhh, uhh-uh-uh, uhh-uh-uh uh Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh uh (yeah) Wooooo! [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter All I do is pick the pen up Get to writin niggaz hear me Get to fightin when I see 'em Get to fightin them cause I'm a [Royce Da 5'9"] Emcee, the truest breed, I'ma live on So whatever this rap sends me, I'ma perform You can get an idea of how ill I be when I spit Light three bombs, you'd be like, he hard No longer do I do what I do for TV Do this for my hood, I ain't rich but I'm good All I see is essence what the lines do is definitely time to expand my horizons so rep this with me Firin, pick you apart, make you gone-o Nobody fucks with me, my spit change to pyro My bitch ain't Cubano, nope, she's Serbian And I hope, you know that I murder with caves like Osam-o I'm the reason they choosin to put they dukes up I'm the same reason they move in them bulletproof trucks Me and Canibus ain't invent it, we just depend on it to eat and if you be in the streets you know how we spit it Cause [Chorus: Canibus] Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter All I do is pick up the pen, tattoo the rhyme to your face, written in skin, let's begin [Canibus] Rap bread and butter, gutter, broken language the hustler Starboard rudder, the Coast Guard cutter I'm the studio night owl, stress give me white eyebrows Who the fuck I got to fight with now? Yeah, conspicuous characters creep through America with a killer chemical in a canister called Canibus Crazy as crystal communicate correct signal I call it lyrical, they call it criminal Call the commissioner, I'ma crucify the christian Caligula like they crucified MC Christopher I cast the Canibus symbol in the crowd If there's beef on the ground, I'ma to carve the cow Now, smuggle contraband through the canal I check my clip on my chamber, sharpshooter style La costra nostra, deep like Deepak Chopra I kick your door down in loafers Forty-five in the holster, AK in the baby stroller Babies with baking soda, my lady in the Rover A midget with dreadlocks down to his toes With flows I expose what nobody knows [Outro: Canibus] Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter Rap, bread, butter, what the, fuck we gotta do to get recognition for lyricism brother?! Rap's my bread and butter Rap's my bread and butter... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Classified f/ Royce Da 5'9", B.o.B. Album: Self Explanatory Song: They Call This (Hip Hop) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] (*echo*) Classified, you lookin familiar (They call this - hip hop) Real recognizin real [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, my Pradas and Guccis got me tied up with hoochies My hotel room smell like a lot of paducy I'm a God, I could crucify you Exclude nobody, that means that it's you it applies to If I was you, I'd leave it alone, I kill you or suicide you You had a choice before they flew inside you The best rapper alive, you better ask around I got coke and a ho with a nose like a Basset Hound You step up, I guarantee you I'm a back you down Ask around, you show fear and get slapped around Let's put the track aside, I fuck with Classified Big balls, she suck my dick, she gon' move the sack aside Don't fuck with rappin guys, that toaster pop up like a gat surprise My motto is "kill, trap or die!" Beef I dead it now, your piece set it down I done already touched more kids than a pedophile [Chorus 1 - Classified] (They call this hip hop) Yeah, don't matter where you from, where you came or where you goin Keep it movin, get 'em open (They call this hip hop) Haha, I'm ready for it all Got my back against the wall but I'm ready, never fall (One more time) [Chorus 2 - B.o.B.] (They call this hip20hop) It's the game that pays me (haha) But somehow lately the game's been crazy (They call this hip hop) Yeah, I'm a '80's baby So yeah my mama made me but hip hop raised me [Verse 2 - Classified] Uh, my favorite rap album ever? Geez, let me see Somewhere in between "Blueprint" by Jay-Z or either Dre CD's Or maybe "Illmatic" by Nas Or possibly "Doggystyle" by Snoop Dogg Lived it like religion, critics called it modern day sorcery 'Cause I'd follow accordingly to what rappers reported to me (I) started listenin around the age of twelve And it changed the way I felt plus the way I raised myself (ha) It never taught me shoot a gun or go and buy drugs It taught me how to keep it real and don't be scared of who I was It taught me how to grab a mic and grow an appetite To sacrifice, boojie rapper type, corny actor likes I"ve never been upstaged, off or on stage You can write your verse good but I'm a write my songs great Never was a put on, no rappers co-signed me That's why the attitude assholes, so don't mind me [Chorus 1] [Break - Jay-Z sample from "Swagga Like Us"] "You can pay for school but you cant buy Class" - 4X [Verse 3 - B.o.B.] Ha, well, well these are not just verbs that I recite It's actually a verse of encouragement and advice And everything is perfectly worded the way you like So I can make some currency just to service my life (ha) Really I've been workin with verbiage all of my life So when I die, they gonna bury me with the mic And when I go, please do not worry, I'm in the sky Then and there you will see, apparently I was psychic A heavyweight, don't refer to me lightly (lightly) So when you speak to me, speak to me politely (politely) I'm like the paycheck before you get fired You need me in the game, so basically I'm hired (hired) Ballin on you guys like Allen Iverson They like "Damn! Here's this guy again" (they like damn, here's the guy again) He's on fire, we need a fire hydrant then His screws are loose, get some pliers in and tighten them [Chorus 1] (first line is "hip hop, hip hop" instead of "they call this  hip hop") [Chorus 2] [Break] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Classified f/ Choclair, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Boy-Cott-In the Industry Song: Unexplainable Hunger Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] (*echo*) Hahaha, excellence What up east coast! My man Classified, holla at your boy [Break - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] (Sample) [Classified] (I feel a warm breeze) (It moved my life) The M.I.C. baby (It feels closer now) It's called Unexplainable Hunger (As I get older) From U.S. to Canada [Mic check one, two] (I feel a warm breeze) Of course my name is Royce 5'9" (It moved my life) [yeah, yeah, yeah] (It feels closer now) (As I get older) [You want to set this off?] Yeah, yeah [let 'em know] (I feel a warm breeze) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] [Sample] Once upon a time in the city of crime A nigga named Nickel Nine, came in with the nine Flamin, with the rhyme, the flame quick as the nine Aimin at the game sayin "the city is mines" (now) He looked like the type you underestimate He's never a suspect, no one investigates (uh huh) He be beatin them charges with mothers and fathers goin [older, older]  (Royce 5'9") It should be a felony to be this vicious on the beat I'm dope, I'm sellin D like a Piston on the streets Yellin "D!", for the cheddar cheese The cheddar I brought, letter B Like a spelling bee, the pathetic bark, let it be (be, be) Or get ya chain snatched y'all (y'all) Jaw cut is a stain of train track scar (scar) Whoever think of talkin shit to me'll be a memory His train of thought will stain that car [I feel a warm breeze] (uh) I will stretch your dreams from the front seat to the back seat, if I  could blow a brain that far Niggaz want to get to know me all 'cause the way I be spittin Every ho, every bitch in the city be goin ... [Chorus - Royce Da 5'9"] (Sample) ["Scratched Samples"] (I feel a warm breeze) ["With these rhymes that are classic"] (It moved my life) Yeah, Royce 5'9" (Feels closer now) ["It's, it's hard to explain"] (As I get older) ["Hard, hard, it's hard to explain"] (I feel a warm breeze) ["with these rhymes that are classic"] (It moved my life) Next up to bat is my homeboy Classified (I feel a warm wind) (Got to move me to the other side) Show Canada how you live Show the U.S. how it is You know how we do [Verse 2 - Classified] [Sample] Yeah, I'm from a place where it snows six months of the year Coldhearted, livin off a blunt and a beer Bodyslam MC's, have 'em runnin for clear And I'm a skinny white dude, I ain't nothin to fear (Class) More advanced than you technical cats Your literature's littered, (literally) edible trash You rappers gone nuts? Get your testicles back I got the competition sweatin more than sexual acts [I feel a warm] Now take your shot, you think you gettin me? It's like Snoop Dogg really goin out and quittin weed I'm always gettin louder man, never thought you'd listen Leave you walkin different, without a pot to piss in Came in this game, no plan and no structure No love from labels, so basically "fuck ya!" Learned to play my part for the love of this art Spittin with the same passion I did at the start I feel a warm breeze [Chorus - Classified] (Sample) ("Scratched Samples") (I feel a warm breeze) ["With these rhymes that are classic"] (It moved my life) Yeah ["Classified"] (It feels closer now) ["It's, it's hard to explain"] (As I get older) ["Hard, hard, it's hard to explain"] (I feel a warm breeze) ["With these rhymes that are classic"] (It moved my life) Oh we ain't done ["Cho-Choclair"] (I feel a warm wind) (Got to move me to the other side) ["What up, what up, what up, what up"] Talk to 'em [Verse 3 - Choclair] [Sample] Check me out y'all, yo, yo, Choclair, see, shit ain't sweet Cheese sandwiches for lunch, two jeans by week A dollar short for the bus fare again this week Deprivation from the sleep 'cause them barrels speak I tried to elevate myself, got a nine to five But yo it's hard when you makin three ninety five (yeah) You turned crosseyed, take your eyes off the prize Lose focus, lose balance on this fucked up line So, grab your gruff dog, pull yourself up (yeah) 'Cause these haters just waitin to take your spot up (yeah) Brush your shoulders off, pop your collar (yeah) Make some power moves and then get dollars Then these girls go and leave their scent on your collar (word) Bring their scent home, then wifey's gon' holla (yeah) She say you let consumers just dip into the product (uh huh) But really you be showin your supporters that you got 'em So daps for the fellas (yeah), hugs for the ladies (yeah) Some kiss me on the cheek, some act a little crazy (whoa) +Parking Lot Pimpin'+ and they call pumpin Jay-Z Yo, it's just a summer, make me want to cop a Hummer [I feel a warm] But yo, it's just shocks with a trailer load of lumber Got the hot tracks that hit every summer (summer) Yo, it's just Royce Nickel Nine, with my boy Classified Yo it's Ch-Ch-Ch-Choclair (*echo*) [Chorus] (Sample) ["Scratched Samples"] (I feel a warm breeze) ["With these rhymes that are classic"] (It moved my life) ["Royce 5'9""] (Feels closer now) ["It's, it's hard to explain"] (As I get older) ["Hard, hard, it's hard to explain"] (I feel a warm breeze) ["With these rhymes that are classic"] (It moved my life) ["Classified"] (It feels closer now) ["Ch-Choclair"] (As I get older) ["Starvin MC"] (I feel a warm breeze ...) (I feel a warm wind) (Got to move me to the other side, side, side, side ...) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Classified f/ Choclair, Kid Vishis, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Boy-Cott-In the Industry Song: Unexplainable Hunger (Remix) Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] (Classified) ["Scratched Samples"] ["Royce 5'9""] The M.I.C. baby ["Classified"] It's called Unexplainable Hunger ["Ch-Choclair"] From U.S. to Canada (Mic check one, two) Of course my name is Royce 5'9" (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (You want to set this off?) Yeah, yeah (let 'em know) [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Once upon a time in the city of crime A nigga named Nickel Nine, came in with the nine Flamin, with the rhyme, the flame quick as the nine Aimin at the game sayin "the city is mines" (now) He looked like the type you underestimate He's never a suspect, no one investigates (uh huh) He be beatin them charges with mothers and fathers goin (on and on and  on and) [Royce 5'9"] It should be a felony to be this vicious on the beat I'm dope, I'm sellin D like a Piston on the streets Yellin "D!", for the cheddar cheese The cheddar I brought, letter B Like a spelling bee, the pathetic bark, let it be (be, be) Or get ya chain snatched y'all (y'all) Jaw cut is a stain of train track scar (scar) Whoever think of talkin shit to me'll be a memory His train of thought will stain that car (uh) I will stretch your dreams from the front seat to the back seat, if I  could blow a brain that far Niggaz want to get to know me all 'cause the way I be spittin Every ho, every bitch in the city be goin ... [Chorus - Classified] ["Scratched Samples"] We give 'em what they want! (yeah, yeah) ["With these rhymes that are classic"] So tell 'em who it is! ["Royce 5'9""] ["Starvin MC"] ["It's, it's hard to explain"] ["Hard to explain"] ["They're tryin to get the meal"] We give 'em what they want! ["With these rhymes that are classic"] So tell 'em who it is! Classified ["Starvin MC"] ["It's, it's hard to explain"] ["Hard, hard"] ["They're tryin to get the meal"] [Verse 2 - Classified] Yeah, I'm from a place where it snows six months of the year Coldhearted, livin off a blunt and a beer Bodyslam MC's, have 'em runnin for clear And I'm a skinny white dude, I ain't nothin to fear (Class) More advanced than you technical cats Your literature's littered, (literally) edible trash You rappers gone nuts? Get your testicles back I got the competition sweatin more than sexual acts (*moaning*) Now take your shot, you think you gettin me? It's like Snoop Dogg really goin out and quittin weed I'm always gettin louder man, never thought you'd listen Leave you walkin different, without a pot to piss in Came in this game, no plan and no structure No love from labels, so basically "fuck ya!" Learned to play my part for the love of this art Spittin with the same passion I did at the start I feel a warm breeze [Chorus - Classified] ["Scratched Samples"] ["With these rhymes that are classic"] Yeah So tell 'em who it is! ["Classified"] ["Starvin MC"] ["It's, it's hard to explain"] ["Hard, hard"] ["They're tryin to get the meal"] We give 'em what they want! ["With these rhymes that are classic"] So tell 'em who it is! ["Cho-Choclair"] ["What up, what up, what up, what up"] ("Starvin MC") ["It's, it's hard to explain"] Talk to 'em ["They're tryin to get the meal"] [Verse 3 - Choclair] Check me out y'all, yo, yo, Choclair, see, shit ain't sweet Cheese sandwiches for lunch, two jeans by week A dollar short for the bus fare again this week Deprivation from the sleep 'cause them barrels speak I tried to elevate myself, got a nine to five But yo it's hard when you makin three ninety five You turned crosseyed, take your eyes off the prize Lose focus, lose balance on this fucked up line So, grab your gruff dog, pull yourself up (yeah) 'Cause these haters just waitin to take your spot up Brush your shoulders off, pop your collar Make some power moves and then get dollars Then these girls go and leave their scent on your collar Bring their scent home, then wifey's gon' holla She say you let consumers just dip into the product But really you be showin your supporters that you got 'em So daps for the fellas (yeah), hugs for the ladies (yeah) Some kiss me on the cheek, some act a little crazy +Parking Lot Pimpin'+ and they call pumpin Jay-Z Yo, it's just a summer, make me want to cop a Hummer (woo!) But yo, it's just shocks with a trailer load of lumber Got the hot tracks that hit every summer (summer) Yo, it's just Royce Nickel Nine, with my boy Classified Yo it's Ch-Ch-Ch-Choclair [Break - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] ["Scratched Sample"] (*echo*) Yeah I want to introduce y'all to my young pitbull ["With these rhymes that are classic"] We call 'em Vishis in the U.S. y'all [Verse 4 - Kid Vishis] Yeah, yeah, I'm a beast, shouldn't been let up out of the cage I will blaze, any rapper you niggaz bring in my way (ay!) Dude'll box you, dude'll pop you You punks get chopped, my rifle's goin Kung fu (woo, woo) Two shots'll ruin your Botox and shatter your whole block If you chatter a whole lot The young boss, another book, another pen, another song, another win Another kill, another sin Calm killer, who's iller than the pen and pad thriller? A cappella bone chiller, verbal gun clutch nigga (yeah) Call forensics, Vishis ass went ballistics Start trippin, hard niggaz turn liquid Nigga, Bobby Fischer in this game, chess master, actually spittin  strategies Casually cause casualties You want to battle, but when you rap you be babblin Later you broke playin askin +Why+ like Jada (like Jada, like Jada) [Outro] (*echo*) ["Starvin MC"] ["Hungry-hungry-hungry tryin to get the meal"] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Crooked I f/ Horse Shoe G.A.N.G., Royce Da 5'9" Album: Mr. Pigface Weapon Waist Song: Freestyle Cypher Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Crooked I] Yo, you niggaz makin them Vibe articles, "Best Rappers Alive" Y'all niggaz don't know what the FUCK y'all talkin 'bout! Ha ha ha ha, niggaz can't RAP no more! But my niggaz can Ladies and g-g-g-gent-g-gent-g-g-g-gentlemen Ahh {*laughs*} chea! You remember when, niggaz had to know how to rhyme? Way back, this the "Cypher 2" It ain't for you radio niggaz, ha ha [Demetrius Capone] We the best spittin, best livin or dead I write fly shit like kites sent to the feds To battle niggaz inside prison - listen I been spittin them death sentences for a life sentencin, yup! Niggaz die behind bars, I mean die behind shit that I said I guess I'm like Mike Vick in the head I kill niggaz who think they bite vicious But you a female, dog, that's why y'all like bitchin instead I think of hot shit like pyrokinesis Speakin of kinesis, with psychokinesis I'm squeezin a rifle Leavin no prints, and I stole your pieces to leave you without arms like the Venus de Milo Jesus Christ, he can squeeze with his eyes closed or blindfolded, and knock a fly off a guy's nose Spittin liquid nitro Cardiac or Cartier, either way my ticker's ice cold [Julius Luciano] I'll get a 45 if you test me, I don't mean a low score Ratchet, let you have it like I don't need it no more I'm so great, I roast these MC's for dough, ay Then donate, the proceeds to your team, now go pay a ghostwriter okay, your flow seems to need some mo' flavor now go play, and don't speak to me I'm so vein I boast, I'm low-key, conceited I don't even put "do re", before "mi" you see I don't see no way, like dopefiends, you need a hit, of my spit, one dose leave you weak Somethin that sounds like, oh-in-ne-in{?} should go here but naw Switch it up, don't care I'm raw It's no fair for y'all, I flow so rare it's no error or flaws Oh yeah beef, when I go there to draw Bang! Man that gat scar niggaz I'll blow you to Madagascar nigga, haha yeah [Dice Dinero] Who wanna fuck with this raw nigga? I come through at night and snatch your life I shoot your bitch, that's how I Mac/mack your wife Then shoot her again in the afterlife See I'm a problem, your beef to each his own; I'll eat your soul When I go into a ether zone I'm on the eastside of Long Beach I'm the beast you don't see, the Grim Reaper's clone Give me a pen and a pad and a microphone And you can wind up with your muh'fuckin speaker's blown My flow is acid, my spit's sulfuric I bury you with the lyrics beneath the Earth, lift this finger Disappearin, listen here it's crystal clear My shots'll lift your soul, I mean lift your spirits Cause every bar in my arsenal is arsonic Attract arsonists, I'm more armed with arctic spit Don't nobody want it like heavy smokers, my gun's most likely loaded with bodies on it, call it a morgue cause it holds carcasses [Kenny Siegel] Brrap brrap! Pack, we the best 'round Fuck these old dudes who lost they touch as if they was paralyzed from the neck down Clique of tyrants you can call us the New West now We a virus you can call us the New West Nile We harder than tryin to spot a spit{?} with bad vision So niggaz might wanna be easy like fast bitches I'm past wicked slash vicious, if we clash I'll blast clips and  leave your presence/presents in the past like last Christmas You get erased by a gorilla for realer ay With the steel that I conceal, I can seal your fate Skip a wake, I'll bury you while you still awake I'll put niggaz in they place as if I'm in real estate My clique deep, we skate in circles on some cold shit as if we tryin to figure skate, and pull off the figure eight I don't think y'all men straight, naw I think y'all menstruate! I'll leave holes in you like the figure eight, leave your figure ate! [Royce Da 5'9"] The Horse Shoe, Gang You from Long Beach or Detroit boy you annoyed, of course you, bang Look at that Bugatti, look at the body on that passenger Take your top off you then body the bottom half of ya If it's, drama, I'ma take the whole family out Maxwell Sheffield, that's right, I'll take +The Nanny+ out I'll beat that drum boy I'm like Travis Barker with that A-K-4-7 {*quick drumroll*} But I'll be deep in that spot though I got my Mexican chick, 'bout to go put my beef in her taco Haha, pardon my candor But anytime I was ever questioned the gun spark was my answer Pull your tool out, we ain't in here with fakers We can turn this into Cleveland vs. the Lakers Haha, a shootout, death I rule out Yes, we way too busy murkin your crew out [Crooked I] I'm the nigga you should call when kickin the raw written I mastered what y'all call spittin my ice cold sentences, frost-bitten I'm shittin on y'all, grippin that sawed-off You a lost kitten gettin your paws gnawed off by the big dog, listen; no matter what Prodigy thought of me I should be commonly known as the best Put the chrome at your chest - never +Layzie+, get +Krayzie+ +Bizzy+  so the bullets move in +Harmony+ through your +Bone+ and your +Flesh+ A super-villain, I'm ill as Bizarro I'll kill you tomorrow, then a nigga's chillin in Kilimanjaro How many bullets from this steel are you willin to borrow? You dyin to ride? Fuck it, I'll lend you a carload You die in your ride, wife tryin to hide Cyanide poison your bride, she dyin inside I walk the streets of Long Beach with a screw loose Talkin to myself, niggaz think I'm on a Bluetooth Pigface nigga! [woman] And I'm his bitch, Bonnie The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Crooked I f/ M.O.P., Slaughterhouse Album: Mr. Pigface Weapon Waist Song: Woodstock Hood Hop Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: M.O.P.] Hahaha... they think they run or somethin We definitely got to give the drummer somethin (c'mon!) Slaughterhouse (c'mon!) M.O.P. (c'mon!) Everybody (c'mon!) [Joell Ortiz] H-E- (what?) L-L-O, I'm one hell of a show I'm the best, you stuck in the middle like L-M-N-O I'll piss on you, let every toxic elements go All you pussies is fucked, call me now celibate Joe (ay!) Ay Slaughterhouse, let's go rock "Ed Sullivan Show" I literally can't front, I'm back like never befo' (oh!) I'ma rap my letter to hoes "Dear prostitute, I miss y'all lettin me slap my head on your nose" Where the fuck is my guitar? It couldn't of went far Oh yeah, I smashed it on homie head in that Brook-lyn bar Man I'm somewhere in between a crook and a star Had some more bars but I left my rap book in the car (yo yo yo yo yo) [Chorus: M.O.P.] Yo, this that Woodstock hood hop! Hands up if you fuckin with it We reppin Brooklyn (c'mon!) Jersey (c'mon!) Long Beach (c'mon!) Detroit (c'mon!) [Crooked I] Geah, spaz out, knock a nigga ass out Knew he had a paper thin chin and a glass mouth West Coast shit, seven-deuce glass house Got a +Lil' Fame+ so me and my +Posse Mash Out+ (ohh!) I ain't got a college degree Just the Circle of Bosses, the Slaughter's in me, pardon me G I just wanna fuck your daughter and flee And leave all that married shit in the background like I'm Father MC Ha ha, cocky, but don't be a copycat When you see me rockin that, L.A. Kings hockey hat I'm the king of L.A., do you copy that? It's time for some change like Obama in a laundry-mat [Royce Da 5'9"] Do y'all want problems with us? I guess not Broadcastin live from a Pyrex pot The steeets know that we nice, try your best shot Speech coded in ice, dialect's hot Everybody (c'mon) get cool Beef in big shoes, gun talkin repetitive call it Chip-Fu You ain't never heard of me mami you excused I don't only diss dudes You sleepin on us, that's what it is - just understand  that I ain't gettin a wink of sleep 'til you lookin at the back of your lids I'm a lyrical ounce of PIFF Still countin them chips, for real mami, Slaughterhouse in this {"BITCH!"} [Joe Budden] Look, I'm not a gang-banger, more like game changer with tamed anger, alias lover name changer Liable to pop at kids and aim flamers I'm why your parents told you not to entertain strangers Dope get it, top notch, flow sickest Best out, don't blame me it's no spitters So vicious on the road to riches From now on call me Mr. Weiss, they chasin all of your old bitches From the hood New Jersey and I claim this Oxymoron, rob with the dirty and stainless Cock back, high saddity so I keep the top back So when the streets is watchin, I could watch back [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Beatminerz f/ Lord Tariq, Royce the 5-9 Album: Brace 4 Impak Song: Intro/Live & Direct/Brace 4 Impak Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com [Woman] Dad-da [Baby] Dad-da da-da [Woman] Ma-ma [Baby] Ma-ma-ma [Woman] Ma-ma [Baby] Ma-ma [Evil Dee] Word up, yaknowhaImsayin It's about to happen, Evil Dee in the area {*Phone rings*} Said it's about to happen, said it's about to change Word up! {*Phone rings*} {*Button is pushed*} [Woman on phone] Turn that damn music down man! {*music fades*} Turn that music down man, your shakin the damn house! What's wrong with you? This is not a club! {*Music starts again*} [Lord Tariq] From a killer to a killer, rap cats to the cap peelers The hustlers, the coke, smoke, dope, and crack dealers On the streets of New York you can't find none realer I survived gunshots, cops, and all fed squealers We bled for the scrilla, chuggin shots of Tequilas But now y'all gone feel us, cuz the mission is to kill ya Nine milli' is the slug, and thug the lifestyle And I'll rip your bro, cause bro I'm quite wild So here, take this rag and wipe your smile Cuz when I pull shit, the bullshit might go down I got dawgs in the ghettos, and the white boys town That'll die for the cause, I'm controllin the board Through many cities abroad From the counties of Cali, to C74, B I'm heavily lawed I invest in, Bronx blots, from Rosedale and Creston Top of that ho sale, and have my whole sale Get 'em gear, a salary and hope it goes well 'Til I'm shot or locked up and can't post no bail Y'all are frail, y'all niggas can't fuck with what we into Knife is the apparel, and the nine is the utensil Everthing official, made to get you raisin issues When the bullets blaze we hit'chu Nothin less they're grazin tissues My mind designed for every rhyme you spit, I spit two My nines designed to split you in two, get up in you [Man with an island accent] This is live and direct Live and direct You know what live and direct means? It means live and direct [Royce the 5-9] You motherfucker'll get tore up and be tore By the walkin bomb, that'll blow up and reform Grow up, then reborn Told you that I'm a star that's gone live forever Serve a life sentence and get out and go to the bar So nigga take that {*gunshot*} If I gotta go to the car Or that {*gunshot*} that {*gunshot*} if I gotta throw it in park The iron'll wet you, the Mossberg pump With the buckshot shells'll turn a nigga into chinese checkers I don't even start writin 'til I'm on my 3rd fifth This is what you get when Beatminerz meet the Wordsmiths Everytime I go out, I cop somethin new Everytime I throw this right hand, I knock somethin loose Who the fuck think they can see me, might as well call the wife And tell your not comin home and to take it easy My guns don't snoop, they woof, at them sissy-ass niggas Type that acidentally shoot they foot Desert Eagle too big for you bitch-ass niggas Soft-ass punks, can't take the cake back niggas And you wonder why they suckin my dick Or why I keep a suitcase with thirty grand handcuffed to my wrist Or why the rocks could possibly make you lose your sight blinkin, on the wrist Lookin like haledge and hazard lights blinkin Royce the 5-9 and Tariq about to sprinkle gunpowder on all beef Now who the fuck want it, nigga [Man with island accent] Now hear this! You little spit and chew out sound boy If an stick you conquer my experience I will work Ya must think a some kings in the CIA gettin crowned No no no, no no no no way Ya got to work HARD for it Don't bring no, go up and sound until it get down Come wit it! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Butter f/ D12, D-Elite Album: Welcome to Shitsville Song: Don't Try This at Home Typed by: lebhakim60@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist "You Have Agreed, Not To Try This At Home. Anything Else" [Proof] Who am I? I'm a basterd, I stolen off ya and blast at ya Smokin' more blacks than the part time wars in Africa I'll ?? out the martyrs for beef Rest in piece alot of you reef(?) designing your greef By snatchin' your brother, smackin' your lover Paralizing your cousins, smokin' your mother's husbands A dozen chosen showguns to shotguns Roll up on you with no guns but still pop one I bomb like napalm from the curb to your house And "Please God" the last words out ya mouth No affiliates, just dogs and troops Most lyin' death than this morgue and roots All we choose to beef, I bring spatulas Flip it and throw it back at ya, so bring your gat with ya Spectacular murder manufacturer, fuck binacular Only heaters talkin, I'm trappin ya just to flattin ya Hop in the accura, roll up on the back of ya Chill out in 5, and then them niggaz act alive I smoke branches from off the tree tops I hang with real niggaz, PA's, PK's and Pete Rock Y'all niggaz with pre-ops, spill blood and Reeboks Don't discriminate blastin rookies on the e-box(?) Your streetforce envolves just for excitement Like if you wasnt you never heard of enditement I sum it up quick so that you can understand me Fuck you, your crew, your bitch and your whole family [Bizarre] Bizarre's a villin, bitch I ain't illin I'll pull your fucking head off while your ass is winddillin' Go heads the triggers of the penot scott villian(?) Vericons(?) march, atleast shoot a million Dirty Dozen the first week? at least a billion If not, it's back to robbing and stealin' Bizarre's the illest, the shitty is the worst A thousand dollars for any nigga that can last longer than a verse And what's the worst is I don't give a damn Offer Garth Brooks a stolen grand am Come to your record label, take all your doe Take your rap name and have your manager booking you shows I don't gove a fuck if we don't get along Bitches know my name without the Slim Shady song, bitch.. We in this bitch with DJ Butter Who gives a fuck? We in this bitch with Wallstreet and we don't give a fuck about nothing "You Have Agreed, Not To Try This At Home. Anything Else?" [Royce Da 5'9] Yeah yeah.. What's my motherfucking name? Royce Nickle Nine A messiah of all, much higher than y'all, undeniably raw Quick to blow the fuck up and reform again The bomb threat re-occured, re-warn your men I promise you get toared up and re-torn again Not one slur or word will be re-born again As long as the shit cracks and they turn a loop up I spit it until it's pitch black and burn the roof up Better step the fuck up for the shit getting spit Turns to whips getting lit, turns to tick-tick-tick Niggaz be rapping just for the clubs, just for the love That hit you had in the club sound like shit in the truck That's why I love that nigga X, cause he raised my brow With every rhyme, without having to take my style It'll be a cold day in hell when these two soldiers lay in hell Talk to me [Billy Nix] Billy Nix, I'm really sick of this silly shit Rappers, get on the mic, swearing they're really spit But you really fake, tough guy stop at your thirty-eight Drop your gloves and get taped, stop with your murder rate Alot of kids listening to you Wishing they you, wishing they was in a position with you to piss on their crew Buttfuck all your sickness, we got the medicine I'd rather piss on the capital, shit on the president X-Government, still flowing, still showing I know where you niggaz come from, know where you niggaz going We was all raised in the same dangerous cell Understand I ain't a stranger to hell, I just don't like it Rappers say the same thing getting retired So I write something I like and pray that you bite it Take an old gangsta rapper and make him retire Take a young conscious rapper and keep him inspired Black man, where you at man, take a stand They taking this rap shit like they took our land Fuck America that's right, you ain't hear me stutter Wallstreet, Dirty Dozen with DJ Butter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Clue f/ Eminem, Method Man, Royce the 5-9 Album: The Professional 2 Song: What the Beat Typed by: deephunk@aol.com [DJ Clue] Ha haaaaa... *echoes* [Method Man] Now...now...now...unnhhh.. Professional 2 shit...WHAT! Staten Island up in this muthafucka... Mr. Meth rep rep rep rep rep rep... For the cause Wu-Tang Killa Beez forever my niggaz Yeah...we put our draws in it...CLUE! *echoes* [DJ Clue] *talking over above Method Man verse* New Method Man! Eminem... Royce... CLUE! *echoes* [Method Man] Niggaz is like "Oh my God not you!" Yes I'm in the flesh like hollow heads through your vest No contest, M.E.-Eth Man's obsessed With sex, drugs and rock & roll New tecs and calicos! Word has it we move mathematic on rappers Who don't add up, you get broke, battered and slapped up 8 million stories in the nekkid call yo man Method Straight guerilla iller nigga kill a murder record My verbal shooter does it to ya The 16-bar Ruger, bustin' yo funky dope manuevers But I'm not ya Super Lover Cee, I'm the Super Sperm Splash it on your skin rub it in like it's Lubriderm 10 out of 10 I'll be the... Men of all men I mean the... Creme de la creme a schemer... Sippin' on 'Gnac and Zima... True professional 2... (DJ CLUE!) Now that Bush is president nigga we all through [DJ Clue] Wooooooooooord! [Eminem] It's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder Why I keep on duckin' under the bed when I hear thunder Cuz I ain't crazy, I say shit that's crazy to crazy people To make 'em believe I'm crazy so they can relate to me And maybe believe in Shady so they can be evil baby I like that! I'm only as crazy as people made me Believe me, there'll be just as many muthafuckin' murderers And heroin users without Marlilyn's music But I figure I make my music I don't care if you use it To murder somebody, I just wanna be there when you do it! Now the parents are suein' cuz little Darren is screwin' Karen and Susan cause I told him to do it on Clue's new shit Now it's all ruined, the whole world is fucked up Cuz of me? Two 12-year old girls is knocked up My attitude's 'fuck it' like Pac's was at one point Wanna come join? Pick up a glock and just point Now everybody's killin' everybody and everybody's bloody And I'm just laughin' like it's funny Cause I don't really give a shit about no-muthafuckin'-body I'm so muthafuckin' nutty I don't give a fuck about nuttin'! [Royce] My wrist is...water and freeze And mix this is...audio Jesus the repent shit gets big Keep it sharp like knife in a pop device So "Duro you gotta let it bump!", I came from a hard knock life They say this kid be rude like this can't be true  I suck my own dick like if I had a rib removed Vampire, sun go down I'm still wylin' Bullets travel through the air in the night like Phil Collins Rock City baby knife through your throat 'til you're broke Rise from the underground like sewer smoke It's all shifty, I got all-a my dogs wit' me And they all rich, and still all-a they palms itchy We'll pump, rumble over birds jungle urge Walkin' like we talkin' drunk while we stumble over words Clue *inhale*...Duro *inhale*...Slim *inhale*...Meth *inhale*... Five *inhale*...Nine *inhale*...Hold up *inhale*...breath [Method Man] It's just...Mr. Meth and DJ Clue I ain't crazy, I just do what the beats say do [Eminem] It's just...Slim Shady and DJ Clue I ain't evil, I just do what the beats say do [Royce] Unnh..Royce 5-9 and DJ Clue I ain't bad, I just do what the beats say do..unnh... *kiss noise* [DJ Clue] DJ Clue! Desert Storm! Come oooooooon maaaaaaaan! *echoes* The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ K.O. f/ Elzhi, Royce Da 5'9", Supastition Album: Picture This... Song: Best to Do It Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Royce talking] Yeah, Royce 5'9". The M.I.C. Walk with me. Talk with me. A wise man once told me...he told me...he said... [Verse One] [Royce Da 5'9"] Back your bag, pick your punches Know where you at and where you goin', fix your compass Yeah, '06 is my year Mo guns with no prints, for shit I'm prepared Mo fun with your bitch Well, now she my bitch, used to your bitch Allow me to clear out the air Yeah, I'm bout to pull out the pair Stick out the thing, piss on the king Like, get out the chair Peel out and leave Feel out the breeze With the window down on the Vet Shall I proceed? Yes The tattoo had to be in the right spot To remind me of how notorious that my life got True story Used to hide the gat in my high tops Adidas tracksuit, black and white like the White Sox Feelin' as cold as an icebox The older you get You know where you stand And you know when you might drop "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "You know the name" - Supastition "5'9"" - Royce Da 5'9" "Elzhi" - Elzhi "Supastition" - Supastition "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "The most impressive" - Elzhi "Trust me I'm as live as it gets" - Royce "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "And every rhyme that you find, playa I'm no joke" - Supastition "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "The best kept secret, I guess that I just leaked it" - Royce [Verse Two] [Elzhi] Yo, the game is mine I rewrote the famous line Off of spittin' flames designed the same as Spawns Truthfully I'm R-A-W, a big raw It puzzles you like when you fumble through a jigsaw I own toys that fold ya homeboy This is for, my young niggas holdin' chrome on Joy 12th and Lawrence Glenn, Dexter and Cone That show death to a opponents For no less than a Donut Get your weight up And quit mean muggin' niggas Like you with your sister and she just fit her A cup I would have smashed you before my mustache grew It's like you crash when you pass through to get your gas fuel The ladies say I got a way with words But they don't know the half I'll write a blind man a photograph Subliminal Any imbecile and general Can suck the identical genitals from the general What [Verse Three] [Supastition] I got the flow down to a science None is identical Can't be duplicated like the sound of the ?finda roads? Can it be stopped? Hell no Not until the day that my cell close or hell froze I be strong armin', throwin' Tony Jai elbows Slangin' them mix tapes Better my own buzz on the streets, fuck a big break I wanna be mentioned with all the greats and pioneers We heard back in the cassette tape and vinyl years They say that my time is here I ain't lyin' I swear I'ma beast everything I'm on my grind this year From Elemental mag to XXL I got love as well, without beef to double my sales Don't let the smooth beats fool you I'm rugged as hell I million dollar flow, yet I struggle myself Now Let's make this clear Some people will rob Supa this year It disappears, the funds with quadruple "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "You know the name" - Supastition "5'9"" - Royce Da 5'9" "Elzhi" - Elzhi "Supastition" - Supastition "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "The most impressive" - Elzhi "Trust me I'm as live as it gets" - Royce "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "And every rhyme that you find, playa I'm no joke" - Supastition "Straight up and down, I'm the best to do it" - Elzhi "The best kept secret, I guess that I just leaked it" - Royce The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Premier f/ NYG'z, Freddie Foxxx a/k/a Bumpy Knuckles, Lady Of Rage, Royce Da 5'9 Album: Get Used To Us Song: Ya Dayz R #'d (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, kirenamloh@msn.com, Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro]: Now ladies and gentlemen it's my pleasure to bring to you somebody that's for the real people! [DJ Premier]: AH! AH! AH! AH! AH! [DJ Premier Scratchin]: (Panchi) N! Y! G! (REMIX!!!) It's most still in my everyday life Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") St-St-St-St-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still in my everyday life [Verse One: Shabeeno] Same fifty nine fifties on the same three sixties Ain't shit changed, +new team, same game+ Back to another one I said get used to us Thought it was a game, this time we got a crew with us Wipe my Tim's on the welcome mat Kick in the door like I knew, I excel in rap Go 'head, nigga rock this a warnin shot All that's gonna stop, when Pro's and Con's drop [Verse Two: Panchi] (DJ Premier Scratchin) (Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered-"Kool G. Rap") Not me I'm fine That's reference to y'all niggas can't you see my grind I put it all together, the way that I shine With Freddie Foxxx, Lady Of Rage and Royce 5'9 Oh pardon me, Brother Malcolm, I'm straight from the X These niggas rappin for the lames y'all I rep for the rest All I had to make one phone call and I did it Yo Preme scratch the hook and plus we shitted [Chorus: DJ Premier Scratchin] (DJ Premier) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap")  St-St-St-St-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still.......(Rock on, wit yo' bad self come on!!!) [Verse Three: Lady Of Rage] Hah, ayy boom shaka-laka, yo here comes the chief rocka Rage out the gate goin straight for the knockout You can't handle the lyrical damager I got porn star stamina, breathe easy, you amateurs Are more action, no lights, no cameras No ball, I been known to kill the bull like a matador Ole! Hah, uck-fay ou-yay You thinkin I can't flow that? You can get the bozack Act like you know that, I'm one of the coldest I'm smokin like Calvin Broadus chokin on green foliage Got a, +Bone+ to pick with all those that hate Because I gets +Bizzy+ like +Krayzie+ and +Layzie+ You +Wish+ you can fade me, but my +Thugs+ stay +N Harmony+ It's no harmin me, I drops bombs with ease With these NYG'z, makin N.Y. freeze I'm still +Unfucwitable+ trick, you know my steez! [Chorus: DJ Premier Scratchin] (Freddie Foxx a/k/a Bumpy Knuckles) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap")  St-St-St-St-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") (We got these six spinners on these dudes man) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still my everyday life  (Yeah! Six shooters spinners! Word!) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap")  St-St-St-St-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") (They tryin to figure out, what the voice is?) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still my everyday life (It's Bumpy Knuckles nigga!!! Yo! Check it!) [Verse Four: Freddie Foxxx a/k/a Bumpy Knuckles] Your days are numbered like the calendar White potato on the Derringer with duct tape to make a silencer Pretty much, it's a wrap if I'm involved Clap with the revolver, strap how I resolve Beef can be dissolved, quick as I evolve Lyrically, like a real emcee is what I'm called Y'all niggaz can't talk about guns to me If you ain't never smelt saltpeter comin from assault heaters I know you lookin for your Wikipedia Tryin to find what the hell Bump is feedin ya Y'all see the duffle bag carryin the muffled Mac, magazine Filled with the hollow point Al Green's Full of fire, I got verses for hire They got hearses for hire - Y'ALL know that the style mean! I'll leave ya weezin in the alley with a Walkman on Playin Lil' Weezy, tryin to breathe easy {*gasp*} [Chorus: DJ Premier Scratchin] (DJ Premier) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap")  (YEAH! YEAH! YEAH! YEAH!) Stand-St-St-Stand-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still my everyday life (5'9!!!) Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") (NYG'Z!!!)  St-St-St-St-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still my everyday life [Verse Five: Royce Da 5'9] Yeah! Yeah! Nick Nine got the whole entire scene shook Heads bop, fans watch, cops, fiends look I'm sittin on my throne lookin like a King should I let my record talk for me like a Preme hook I got the green foot I kick money shit so much it's funny shit with cream how things look Bottom line I'm a dollar sign Out of sight, out of mind, idolized, I'm already automized Signature's dotted lines, zero's surrounded by my heroes I'm livin but, honored by a mural (Yes!) Lock load, dispense, never at my expense Sawed off, frequent, y'all bought, we spent Y'all resent, dog we vexed, we wet niggas with the three tek's Reflex, respect, a real nigga from the D on the rise With them D's on arrive, with them G'z from N.Y. And that's why....... [Chorus: DJ Premier Scratchin] Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") St-St-St-St-Stand tall stick your chest out boy, and be a man ("Nas") Ya-Ya-Ya days are numbered ("Kool G. Rap") Ne-Ne-Ne-Nevertheless ("O.C.") It's most still in my everyday life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Dr. Dre f/ Royce Da 5'9 Album: Xxplosive Part 2 12" Song: Xxplosive Part 2 Typed by: illegalamigo@hotmail.com [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9] I might make it look easy Thats just the way I be pimpin Makin my money Thats just the way I be pimpin They wouldnt leave me Thats just the way I be pimpin You might not believe me Thats just the way I be pimpin [Verse 1: Dr. Dre] I'm livin a motion picture Me and my niggas, and 16 bars will make the big screen ours What is this? Everybody's jiggy now Is the hustle that good in everybody's city now? Or do they act good? I pimp on the street, I pimp in my sleep And when I snore it sounds like I'm sayin "Wheres my money?" I aint playin, I'm out there Like, "Wheres my honies?" You gotta be a pimp to understand Just how I'm layin Fuck a Lex bubble, I'm rich And after this I'ma be rich all over again, except double See, you aint so hard if you aint burnin rubber In somethin with numbers after the dot, you aint no star Me and my whole crew, did either shot a nigga Or been shot, and if you chuck us out, aint no scars Hint: steppin to me is suicide And that basically means that you can die True superfly Chorus [Verse 2: Dr. Dre] My lifes in the fast lane Thats when I knew I had game When class came I had hoes But didnt know they last name In school, when you niggas was tradin clothes Me and my niggas was tradin hoes Like "What they fadin fo'?" Carry my books you hoe I had 'em slavin, yo I get scarred then I played the hoe Like "Way to go" Controllin the halls Holdin a black Mack-11 Under the black leather Platforms, a hat with a feather I was so naughty, drivin a gold Audi All we did was throw parties And show up with Gold Gotti Handsome, endsome, I'm the one you ran from Cuz you could only be the man in the shit That I was banned from Make this shit seem easy Fiends need me Make the most conceited chick In this bitch seem sleazy Pleased at what I'm doin And to all yall pimp niggas Pimp on, and I'll see yall at the reunion Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Edgar Allen Floe & J Wheels f/ Nottz, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Floetry in Motion Song: Mighty Floe Young Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: cuts and scratches by DJ Flash] "Edgar Allen Floe", "Royce 5'9" "J on the motherfuckin WHEELS!" "Nottz Raw means, I'm that shit" [Nottz] Lil' nigga, I'm a muh'fuckin monster, I drool when I talk Shit crumble and die throughout the paths I done walked Eyes stay blood red 'cause I ain't slept in a hundred years I'm one vampire that bust heads, get tough guy Thinkin you can fuck wit the boy {UH UH, DEM LIE!} Nuff dem die and fry for that shit, dig it? {DIG IT? Dig it? dig it?} Now what yo' GOD-damn problem is?! {*gun clicks*} I ain't think so, bitch! Sitcho' monkey ass on down  Before I putcho' monkey ass on down like you went wild from a zoo {*monkey screeches, gunshot*} Nottz Raw ring bells from here to Kalamazoo You ain't gotta like my shit! Nigga, FUCK YOU~! Listen, there's a big enough muh'fuckin opinions that means somethin And a fourth of that be frontin The other 75% fuck with that real hip-hop Bitch stop - HOL' UP befo' a nigga go nuts! [Chorus: cuts and scratches by DJ Flash] "Real niggaz only" "5'9"" "I be the five-star gener-real" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cort Ellis f/ Slaughterhouse Album: Money on the Floor 12" Song: Money on the Floor (Slaughterhouse Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Cort Ellis] Stuntin like a muh'fucker I be I be I be, I be on that on that (Slaughterhouse!) On that on that on that on that [Crooked I] + (Cort) Yo, million dollar +Playboy+, bunny ears and all The reason for the long ears, money hears it all She say "I love you papa," then I grab my chopper Tell her pull over to box the lights, honey here's the mall (Money on the floor) I tear it down wall-to-wall If I'm not spendin Kobe paper at least I'm Pau Gasol I spend to live lavish, I get to the cabbage I'm sicker than average, I'll give your chick my stimulus package, uhh [Cort Ellis] I got a lot of cars, got a lot of jewels Spend a lot of money women say I act a fool When I'm in the club, bottles in my hand Stuntin like a (muh'fucker) watch me do my do my do my (dance) Is this your girl? Cause homie if it is Get her from my table cause you know what it is I'm tryin to get her home, when she done with that Patrn She don't pick up the phone, then you know what's goings on She lookin at my watch, and not just for the time Attracted to the shine, she attracted to the grind I'm 'bout to make her mine, then get up in her mind Then get up in her spine, man she better recognize I got [Chorus 2X: Cort Ellis] (Got) Money on the floor (got) money on the floor (Got) Money on the floor (got) money on the floor (Got) Money on the floor (got) money on the floor You get that girl? I get that girl; you get that girl? I get that girl [Joe Budden] Okay, uhh, get this paper, uhh Look, look look; she told me she couldn't help it So then it's a overload maybe somethin you gon' need help with like soon as we weld it (ohh) Heated up, melt it (or) beat it up, welt it When she scream that she never felt it I knew it's a job I well did I ain't on no wealth shit but the V is like a stealth shit (Or) Or aircraft, my share cash got her near fast Way she wear that, I threw the dough in the air Enough to keep you off that blow for a year, let's get it clear Joey! [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel (woo!) Nickel-Nine I'm so ghetto, fo', metal Walk around on money like I'm Akeem and them dollars is rose petals And I keep that dough handy - that sweet smell of money I sniff it, I get high, I call it nose candy Mama take a flick  20 thousand on me Every G that's in my pocket separated by a paper clip Every G that's with me separated by a AK clip We 'bout that white, okay-K-K Step back, my niggaz throwin [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, first it starts in my pockets in thick rubber bands Then it makes its way to the bar next to my cup of Grand Marnier, wish it would stay there but it can't parlay When it sees a runway, it takes flight, and lands by they lingerie Especially when they body's sweet like, crme brle And that booty puts they thong away I'm havin fun, all you haters can keep lookin Matter fact, don't keep on lookin, I'm from Brooklyn We gon' end up puttin money on the flo' [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Cort Ellis] Now what I'm 'posed to do, with all this money Ridin in a spaceship, they look at me funny Donald Trump money, that Bill Gates money Warren Buffett money, can't take nuttin from me Now what I'm 'posed to do, with all this money Ridin in a spaceship, they look at me funny Donald Trump money, that Bill Gates money Warren Buffett money, can't take nuttin from me, ohh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Elzhi f/ Royce Da 5'9", Stokley Williams (Mint Condition) Album: Elmatic Song: Life's a Bitch Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [Intro: Elzhi] Yeah, let's keep it real yo, and count this money Put the Grants up in the safe cause we spending them Jacksons Washington's go to wife, that's what it's all about right? [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, visualizing the realism of life and actuality Everything I write is like a fatality I'm a pattern-punishing painter with a pen Got a style kinda like sodomy cause I'm anal with the way I get it in I maneuver with the mic like Drano moving through a pipe I'm insane-o, you can lose your life I'm biblical with this lyrical ability, respect it I'm here to get rid of these records, get checks and fill up facilities I ain't sounding like no man I ain't holding no dynamite, I just got dynamite in both hands Nigga this is Elmatic, I'm with a chick with her tail tatted She a Chanel-bagging pill addict Ill, I'm still at it, for real status And you gon' be a vegetable 'less you got you a steel cabbage I woke up early in the morning dressed in black Yawned and said two of the best is back Early in the morning dressed in black Yawned and said two of the best is back [Chorus 1: Elzhi] Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we get high, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we puff lye, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we get high, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we puff lye [Elzhi] Yo, I got rhymes three-sixty-five days annual, plus some Get a rush from how they bust, swear they was leaking puss some I don't deal with hoes, nor trust scum and treat money like pussy, if I fuck it off then it must come/cum I stay fixed on lines that make your minds play tricks When they mix, even my basics sound like the Matrix I'm more vivid than Michael Bay flicks, what I say tricks then it lay clicks to rest like God after day six They left falling from missing they opportunity At the door ignoring when death's calling, now they breath's stalling And who could touch me? Fuck who you read about And haters, I'm weeding out the same way I do my dutchie I'm a maniac on track, the way a train react with smart-bombs for dummies and dumbs-dumbs for braniacs They only has a few minutes with fame They caught flame and my pen is to blame I get it in when you pretend it's a game The way racquetball and tennis became the game's finish, nine out of ten is exchanged And I'm tremendous, that goes without saying What my pen insert, it's sort of introvert, it's not about playing [Chorus 2: Elzhi] Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we get high, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we puff lye, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we get high, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die That's why we puff lye, cause you never know when you're gonna go Life's a bitch and then you die {*Instrumental section with trumpet*} [Stokley Williams] The time has come for us to stop messing around cause once you know that I like having you around, in my life Oh baby So many times I want to hold you oh so near I want to say I love you softly in your ear Oh baby, don't keep running My heart is yearning for your love (keep running) You can't keep running in and out of my life (keep running) You can't keep running in and out of my life (keep running) You can't keep running in and out of my life (keep running) You can't keep running in and out of my life (keep on running) You can't keep running in and out of my life (keep running) You can't keep running in and out of my life The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf Album: 2.0 Boys 12" Song: 2.0 Boys Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Eminem] Ohh! Told you! Game over! [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, Ryan's a homicidal misfit I write the solution to biophysics on the side on a cliff in some heiroglyphics This my admission to havin violent psychotic wit Devour polish it, politics By the way I'm higher than the Eiffel Tower tip I like writin but I will stick this pencil in ya ass before I write ya shit Pause, inhalin hella kush Us and Yelawolf like a heavy foot, gas pedal push Felons crooks, goin door to door like we sellin books Dolly Parton style, melons mushed Now my bitch dancer, I'm 'bout as sick as cancer If you could swallow my style you'd probably rip ya pants up If you could bottle my style and sell it to somebody it probably'll smell like cologne made out of bits of panther They call me anchor man, I hold down the ship Leave you niggaz floatin in water then go and drown a fish Fuck! I'm fuckin heinous, I'll make you fuckin famous Them lead showers is comin, fuck is you sayin? [Eminem] FUCK, it's fuckin rainin; SHIT, it's lightning BITCH, it's thunderin, cause I'm cussin up a storm if you wonderin Shit, SHIT! You couldn't muster up enough thought to take a dump turd or brain fart, jump if you want Urine in your face, all you had to do was say that you wish you would've just stayed pissed off in the first place We came to monopolize the game, Illuminati is here Yeah, human oddities, at odds with us just why it's gotta be Cause we started out cold and it snowballed, we froze Soon as we rolled up, on these hoes Alls we is know y'all lowered the bar like limbo, you know who you are So quit fuckin the dog 'fore we start callin you Bizarre Shit, screwed the pooch, y'all done raped the Pitbull Fell in love with a Shih Tzu, this missile's directed directly at you And as for these hoes who don't know me from a can of paint You must be huffin, fuck a ball sack if your taints can't take you on a date You mistake me for a gentleman, you're 2000-and-late Man I'm will.i.AIN'T! I'm the bad guy, type of guy that'll drag five  girls up on stage, pour ice in their pants, and the first one who +Peas+, gets a +Black Eye+! [Chorus: Eminem] Must be out of your mind You think you're fuckin with us Suck on these nuts Bitch hang it up, this game is over [Joell Ortiz] Puffin loosies watchin "I Love Lucy" with Gary Busey - crazy! How the fuck could you son me? I'm Shady! Will there ever come a day where they could slay me? I don't know; fifth month, black and yellow insect, May bee/maybe! 'Til then I kill the bad man tryna slay me E'rything you kick weak, you speak kung fu-gazi All my homeboys, 2.0 boys Nickel I just picked up a Phantom, look how it Rolls, Royce! Even if I wanted to quit I ain't got no choice Verses keep comin, I should invoice my own voice You should see the kind of asses that my pole hoists Hoes be like diamonds in your chain mayne, so moist Bang bang, bang bang! House Gang, chainsaw Here to kill you pussies, don't ask what we came for I write 'til my right arm vein's sore Forearm feel like Thor's arm in a gang war You hear that YAOWA you know who finna file out Definitively finish you, my fist stick out that agua Piranha mentality with a Jaws bite all night Comin up never saw light but never lost sight [Joe Budden] Jets and movers, cesspool-ers, meth abusers Wish death to us, tecs rugers to respect they shooters My men think in sync, roll with the best crew Must move to the beat of the same drum without Lex Luger Welcome to nay hood, bigger than 'jects Cheated death multiple times without riggin the deck So I'm well-prepped if you just want war There'll be blood e'rywhere, you'd be layin on the Louboutin floor It's raw, but keep actin like you don't know Mouse nigga And you gon' need the best doctors, House nigga Guard your jewels and avoid large tools Cause after I spill you at the light you'll be in the carpool Keep your distance from idiots, cause the truth told They food for thought's rotten, they gems are fool's gold Need results from my actions, mistakes I'll exonerate I'm Martin King starin at a picture of Obama's face Talkin funds, niggaz ain't never seen stock I don't need the key to the game, I pick a mean lock [Crooked I] Take off, you invited inside of the mind of a psychotic rhymer I'm kind of a - Dahmer! I'm grindin up rappers, I'm linin up jackers, I'm climbin up ladders I buy enough clappers to retire you factors, fire at drama You liars and actors, I'm the genuine article But read me wrong, get my gun to split you to particles (particles) Tell me when and I'm there Not only heir to the throne, but my chair is suspended in air Stay fly like unlimited fare You got us pegged wrong, my circle don't fit in with squares I smell shit and piss, know where it's comin from? You stepped on #2, just to be #1 Now I'ma step on you, bring it to yo' yard Bogart for ours, we go hard You frauds just blow hard like broads, I coast guard the West I'm Mozart, I compose dark shit with no heart [Yelawolf] I got Jim Beam in the liver, gettin head like clean clippers With haters on my dick like a jean zipper But I throw up 16's like I drink liquor You think you seen sick? Well BITCH you ain't seen sicker Then I'll, crack and then I'll hop around in a hospital gown Poppin the trunk, my pumper stay cockin the rounds I shit logs and I piss, river brown Cause I drink creek water and spit the river Nile And that's as close as I get to a pyramid Shit, they think I'm Illuminati, so fuckin ignorant Shit with a grin, here with this pen, so innocent But when you win they say you a sin, but in the end They jump on the bandwagon and dance to the band playin Skinny ass, pants saggin, it's only yourself you're playin Call me a clown but you love what the clown's sayin in them freak shows at the county carnival, then you payin Bitch I'm on a trapeze with no legs in the dark yellin "Go Shady!" Drivin slower than an old lady In an old '89, no piece if you pay me Give me peace sign on my grille, no Mercedes I'm gettin paid for these shows that I throw lately Same shows a year ago would've broken most of you crazy They call me crazy cause I made it Bitch you crazy cause you quit, look at my clique lady! You ain't fuckin with Budden, you ain't got no choice with Royce You don't wanna see the Crooked I, or listen to Ortiz voice That dirt road hit the 8 Mile, the point-oh boys And if Marshall want me to clap then homie I'll deploy Game over! [Marshall] Yo I don't think they heard you, tell 'em again [Yelawolf] Game over! [Marshall] Ha ha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem f/ Royce Da Five-Nine Album: The Slim Shady LP	 Song: Bad Meets Evil Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [intro] [Cowboy] I reckon you ain't familiar with these here parts You know, there's a story behind that there saloon Twenty years ago, two outlaws took this whole town over Sheriffs couldn't stop em Quickest damn gun slingers I've ever seen Got murdered in cold blood That ol' saloon there was their lil' home away from home They say the ghosts of Bad and Evil still live in that tavern And on a quiet night You can still hear the footsteps of Slim Shady and Royce Da Five-Nine [Eminem] I don't speak, I float in the air wrapped in a sheet I'm not a real person, I'm a ghost trapped in a beat I translate when my voice is read through a sismograph And a noise is bred, picked up and transmitted through Royce's head (AAHHH) Trapped him in his room, possessed him and hoist his bed Till the evilness flows through his blood like poisonous lead Told him each one of his boys is dead I asked him to come to the dark side, he made a choice and said [Royce] Who hard? yo I done heard worse We can get in two cars and accelerate at each other To see which one'll swerve first Two blind bandits panic, whose mental capacity holds That of a globe on top of nine other planets Kissed the cheek of the devil Intelligence level is hell-ier than treble peakin on speakers in the ghetto Dismissal, I'm not a fair man, disgraced the race of a atheist Intercepting missles wit my bare hands like a patriot One track sliced without swords, I buried the Christ corpse In my past life when the Black Knight mounted the white horse And stay over-worked, its like the Nazis in the nations Collaborating, attemptin to take over the earth [Eminem] Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil We hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal Above the Law cuz I don't agree wit police either (shit, me neither) We ain't eager to be legal So please leave me wit the keys to your Jeep Eagle I breathe ether in three amounts When I stab myself in the knee with a diseased needle Releasin rage on anybody in squeezing range Cold enough to make the seasons change into freezing rain (He's insane) No I'm not, I just want to shoot up and I'm pissed off Cuz I can't find a decent vain [Royce] The disaster wit dreds I'm Bad enough to commit suicide and survive long enough To kill my soul after I'm dead When in danger it's funny actually my flavor's similar to a waiter Cuz I serve any stranger wit money I spray a hundred, man until they joint chains While slippin bullets at point blank range like they was punches Piss on a flag and burn it, murder you then come to your funeral Serve this lobbyist, strangle your body then confirm you Whippin human ass, throwin blows crackin jaws  Wit my fists wrapped in gause, dipped in glue and glass I'm blazin MC's, at the same time amazin MC's Somehow MC's ain't that eye-brow raisin to me >From all of angles of us, flash a mack loud enough to cast a avalanche And bust till volcanoes errupt [interlude] *phone rings* Hello? (Billy) Aiyyo what's up (we're comin to get you) STOP, THEY KNOW IT'S US!! [Eminem] I used to be a loudmouth, remember me? (uh-ah) I'm the one who burned your house down (oh) Well I'm out now (shit), and this time I'm comin back to blow your house up And I ain't gon leave you a window to jump out of Give me two fat tabs and three shrooms And you won't see me like fat people in steam rooms And when I go to hell and I'm gettin ready to leave I'ma put air in a bag and charge people to breathe [Royce] (Eminem) Cuz this is what happens when Bad Meets Evil And we hit the trees till we look like Vietnamese people He's Evil, and I'm Bad like Steve Segal Against peaceful, see you in hell for the sequel (We'll be waitin) See you in hell Wall Street, Royce Da Five-Nine, Slim Shady See you in hell for the sequel (bye bye) Bad Meets Evil, what? (till next time) [Cowboy] And so that's the story when Bad Meets Evil Two of the most wanted individuals in the county Made Jesse James and Billy the Kid look like law-abiding citizens It's too bad they had to go out the way they did Got shot in the back comin out of that ol' saloon But their spirits still live on till this day Shhh...[spits] wait, did y'all hear that? [Footsteps and windblowing] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9" Album: Eminem & Kool Kid Mixtape Song: Kool Kid Freestyle Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Eminem] I'll leave your blueprints covered in shoe prints Poppin' Nuprin Neighborhood nuisance Murder your family for two cent Makin' your crew tense Brain's too dense Leave the mic with two dents Fresher than a whole mouth full of chewed mints Givin' you rude hints Cause if you're wack I'm gonna tell ya I got the issue where they diss in next month's Source I'm gonna mail ya You're a failure You're style's staler than a bowl of hardened rice Scared and sliced I flunked kinder garden twice But you ain't hard and nice And you sure ain't servin' no bids Sayin' you did is like seein' a damn virgin with kids Creepin' like a phantom Holdin' my dick like the +Player's Anthem+ Holdin' this microphone for ransom Bitches ask me why do I talk nasty? Grab an ass of every trashy whore that walks past me My crew's on drugs, lookin' like zombies Smokin' bomb trees Racin' police and dodge ? [Royce Da 5'9"] Lock, cock and explode Way beyond bitin' a nigga Get hungry, disconnect my jaw and swallow you whole I'm probably gonna blow Go to hell holdin' a mil Street smart, under educated, over skilled I'm tight to the vest You wanna rip me off? Then try I fight to the death, who wanna piss me off, then die? Curse niggas that try, I'm the first nigga to bust You the second nigga to pull, and the first nigga to die How dare you think that you gleam like the rest of my team You a bitch, you like a chip off a berget in my ring Stick to my words, so I don't threaten niggas no more If I make you a promise, then it's safe to say that it's honest My guns is tired from being fired While yours sits on the shelf I'm like a song concept in itself Totin' my weapon, burnin' your vest In '99, wack niggas learn from the best and hope to be second Nigga Kool Kid nigga What? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem & Royce Da 5'9" Album: DJ Kay Slay & Whoo Kid "State of Emergency" mixtape Song: Renegade (Original Version) Typed by: LoDizzo@dpgc-2g.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo yo, it's several different levels to pickin up shovels and dumpin you in ditches under sea level Frontin you when I'm wit this Let me refreshin you niggaz til you my position in this Beef! - Leavin you under Venice, opposition finished! There it is, we invaded created a Pyramid - of a Haven of names, so blame Dre, and that ear of his So {*heavy breathing*} breathe, I'd rather REACH for your neck And I never HEAT you for respect, unless you GREET me wit less I got a skunk, in my trunk I'm lyin, I got a pump in my trunk Your dyin, how many lumps niggaz want? Who's ready for y'all? We ready for y'all We too incredibly raw, for any artist that said he would draw I stand firm, and it hurts to live it You open that can of worms, I hope you ready for the dirt that's wit it Slap a hoe, snatch a mic! Bein brought to y'all in black and in white (IT'S the NEW!) Joe Jackson and Ike, we renegades [Eminem] Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen I ain't no politician but I'll kick it with 'em a minute Cause see they call me a menace; and if the shoe fits I'll wear it But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth grin and bear it Now who's these king of these rude ludicrous lucrative lyrics Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics Usin his music to steer it, sharin his views and his merits But there's a huge interference - they're sayin you shouldn't hear it Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish But I'm debated disputed hated and viewed in America as a motherfuckin drug addict - like you didn't experiment? Now now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror and see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrased And I got nothin to do but make you look stupid as parents You fuckin do-gooders - too bad you couldn't do good at marriage! (Ha ha!) And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here I don't think you do so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo Cause here we go - he's Royce, he's the King Of Detroit And I'm the sinister, Mr. Kiss-My-Ass it's just the [Chorus: Eminem + Royce] [Em] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING), RENEGADE! [R9] RENEGADE! Never been afraid to say what's on my mind at, any given time of day Cause I'm a RENEGADE! Never been afraid to talk about anything (ANYTHING) anything (ANYTHING) [Royce Da 5'9] I determine what time it's on, I call my nigga Proof Hand him a pint of Limon and turn him loose! I'm tired of you new jacks I'm tired of niggaz that's like - "I'm bout to blow!" Unless you a bitch, we dont care if you bout do that Move back, youngster, the glock on speak Chew up your vest and turn your chest hair to taco meat! The street, continuous to pit, quick to smash ya or flash the clip, or give you the picture (developin) Click clock, six shots blows through another door And it gets hot, Hip Hop portable tug of war Who did ya niggaz beats you bitches, who made it work? Dat shit was *phwrt!*, I got harder 2-Way alerts Just when I thought my dogg couldn't get any meaner You talk about his daughter, you probably gettin the heater You talk about his momma, he won't even give ya the finger (He's crazy!) Deranged!, not media eaters, we renegades  [Eminem] See I'm a poet to some, a regular modern day Shakespeare Jesus Christ the King of these Latter Day Saints here To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as a monger of hate and Satan a scatter-brained atheist But that ain't the case, see it's a matter of taste We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is Or is he the latter - a gateway to escape? Media scapegoat, who they can be mad at today See it's easy as cake, simple as whistlin Dixie while I'm wavin the pistol at sixty Christians against me Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics in holy water - no wonder they try to hold me under longer I'm a motherfuckin spiteful, DELIGHTFUL eyeful The new Ice Cube - motherfuckers HATE to like you What did I do? (huh?) I'm just a kid from the gutter makin this butter off these bloodsuckers, cause I'm a muh'fuckin [Chorus] - repeat 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Eminem, Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf Album: 2011 BET Hip Hop Awards Song: Shady 2.0 Cypher Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Eminem] Welcome to Detroit This is the BET, Shady 2.0, Cypher, 2011 Myself, Slaughterhouse, and Yelawolf White dawg (thank you cracker) get 'em! [Yelawolf] Put these {motherfuckers} in a box and I'll, send 'em away, put 'em in a gray 'llac and pop the trunk, hey throw 'em in the back jack, I'll dig 'em a grave Put a brick inside that Xerox when I print 'em a page Movin ki's I can't relate, cause I live in a cage I throw up the A, I'll take 'em to school, I'll give 'em a grade An +Eazy E+ for effort, that's WWA White With an Attitude, alphabet soup is on my plate All I got is Z's, they sleepin on me, I can't get 'em awake I spoon-feed 'em the sound in a room full of deceivers and clowns who believe they makin it rain cause all they see is the clouds And I watch from the couch of the V.I.P. like a potato with a bunch of meatheads like {fuck} it, I'll just feed 'em a cow Plenty of white boys to pick from this year But before you pick a pepper, you better pick up your heater Cause even Peter Piper could pick up a mic but what's like to pick a fight with me is like puttin Nikes on a cheetah Better speed up, or at least in my case Adidas I'm out this bitch drinkin Sprite by the 2-liter Holler, Shady Records (uhh) [Budden] Nah I need the scratch to get me amped [Eminem] Aiyyo wait wait wait wait wait wait, okay go, yeah yeah [Budden] I'm 'bout to get 'em, I'm 'bout to get 'em right [Eminem] Wait wait, okay [Joe Budden] Yo, say I'm from the new school, I'ma say check your tone and watch your mouth If they +Teachin How to Dougie+, I'm condonin droppin out Forced a while - y'all birthed me and gave me up I just perfected bein hip-hop's foster child Now check it, don't blame y'all for bein trash fans are coppin it The radios, the crime scene, the masses are the hostages In my youth I'd throw shots, the fag was dodgin it I'm grown, I ain't +Watchin the Throne+, I'm sabotagin it You see that four-headed monster in the storm loom Snipe 'em from a distance, the scope got a long zoom You Super Mario thugs is in the wrong room Gotta figure here you won't get bigger if you on 'shrooms Was left to me I'd revive what the game be 'bout I'da took the +Wine+ outta Amy 'house Enough raps from you scrub cats 'bout cockin a snub back Wayne couldn't teach me +How to Love+ that But I got this shit from uptown, she my summer bunny Both parents broke but she come/cum from money Think my bread is her paper to burn So I lock her out, and now she doubt David is +Stern+ She's so bad, I make her hit the telly from a taxi then dead her in that Holiday Inn, learned that from Max B That's why the haters every kind'll wanna send me llamas I made it right before they eyes like I was Benihana's Is it me or is what I'm hearin is pitiful? Airwaves the same, now the stereo's typical My skin thick so the critics ignored So unafraid to die you'd think I did it before The boy's Rodman with the trash talk, Magic or Ward With the black ball way I bounce off the ass forward would cap whores Blast y'all, hoodie and mask will be the black foot with no passport Body be found in the mansion in one of my trap doors If punks had awards your status whore is categor' Probably be that of awards 'tween Michael Rapaport or Kenny Lattimore I know hip-hop's alive and well If it died you other crews wouldn't survive the smell [Royce] Ladies and gentlemen [Crook] You scared now? [Shady] Make that face at 'em dawg! [Royce] Crooked I, get 'em! [Crooked I] I spot a victim, the plot'll thicken when the clock is tickin I caught him slippin, I gotta give him a shot, I hit him with proper spittin, hottest writtens in composition So competition's a contradiction, somebody mention they got it crooked, highly fiction, we probably different Got Gotti henchmen, opposition I body quick as Bugatti engines I'm on a mission to get, richer The sickest lyric kickin, diggin a ditch for different spitters Weak lyricists get disfigured, sip liquor Spit like a sick mixture of Notorious, Pun and L; get the +Big+ picture? The poster, I'll roast ya My mind's so deadly it's just like the beanie is close to a holster It's over, control my whole coastal region  like I'm supposed ta, flow is goin postal even Open season, heart close to freezin +Ruthless+ as Eazy nigga, approach I'm squeezin Believe me, dopest West Coaster breathin So most ya hope I'm vegan, nope I'm beefin Rappers need to keep it trill, gimme a beat to kill Too many people still eatin sleepin pills, people sleepin on my ether skills And y'all ain't even real - you 'bout to die in the cypher Before you die you should do the Jada and leave a +Will+ For real [Joell Ortiz] (Yaowa) I ain't a rap dude, I'm a dude who rap Before this I was movin crack Them killers y'all become when y'all rhyme I salute and dap And if I blink then remove your snaps You ain't cool you wack, with y'all foolish act Skinny jeans don't mean yo' ass shoot, it means your booty claps Haha, don't play like Tyler Perry This the Slaughter-House of Pain, flow brown, tight and heavy When it come to sixteens I'm a fiend Seen in a studio, near a needle with a mean lean Probably writin bars to Nas' "Thief's Theme" Gettin my yaowa on, they all these Olajuwon's, we the Dream Team This is an all day slaughter They fiendin for us to break like Beyonc's water The four quarters doin all the eatin And y'all gotta know why I made the cut, I'm Puerto Rican Ortiz keep the fire ready And tryin to put me out's like tryin to steal a transvestite from Eddie Hahaha [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, I'm do or die dope And you can make the sticker sittin on the door of that Phantom your suicide note Hi Rihanna.. is Nicki livin wit'chu? Let me know so I can buy binoculars and telescopes Hi Rihanna.. I don't need to know you better You tell me you love my music again, we go together Bye Rihanna.. now back to y'all fools We rock out like the outside of a guitar school Thousand dollar frames I prefer to see the world through Don't ask me nothin 'bout Budden, I {beat} my girl too You ask me why do I keep her I say it's cheaper to That's why I ride around in the Rolls like Wiz Khalifa do Rappers I'm your daddy, I'll tell you straight as this You don't kill but your father +Will+ like Jayden Smith I'll tell you like I tell my Spanish chick You fly but I ain't goin down on no landing strip So get your wax on like Daniel-san Now I'ma have to run like De La Hoya in drag when cameras come Point out the greatest rapper alive I'll head shot him Smack his girl on the butt and buy her some Red Bottom Bring every deceased rapper back to see his wife while I'm cyber sexin with Jessica Alba, via Skype I'm on my D-boy, Deebo thing Spiritual steelo, swing like Cee-Lo Green Get out the camera with your B-roll bling, you know your flow is wack We cornered market like a Walmart in a cul-de-sac Yeah, this what two millions singles sold and the album that's gold look like, without havin to sell your soul Nickel [Shady] Wait, can I rap? [Joe B] You the boss, you better get 'em [Shady] Me rap? [Joe B] Represent [Eminem] Aiyyo, lyrical miracle spiritual individual criminal Subliminal, in your swimmin pool (OOOOOOOOOH!) (Yo yo yo, yo, c'mon man kick that shit I wrote you) You 'bout to see peace destroyed, it'll never be restored When I unleashed these beastly hordes on your CD stores Wanna stop it? You gon' need a priest, at least three swords A +License to Ill+ from the Beastie Boys, three Ouija boards and a squeegee and please be warned, don't ask what the squeegee's for Or the holy water, acid rap that'll eat these floors Eat a hole in the rhyme book, you see these horns? And as for me you ask when I'm gone, "Will he be mourned?" ... Is puke lukewarm? Should Casey Anthony do porn?  Can that chick fit a newborn dead baby inside a frickin shoebox with a shoe horn smothered in chloroform so she can go get her groove on? Can she duct tape and velcro a fetus? Joell yo, tell Joe I need his empty box from his old shelltoe Adidas So I can put these babies in the fetal position They gettin elbows to the penis, yeah big deal I took some little kid's big wheel and spit in his frickin big kid's meal Quit tryna bite me and pinch you wench, sit still Did you just put your 6-inch heel through my Benz windshield?! ... Is it dust we 'bout to kick up? Can Yelawolf fit a fifth of rum in a big cup between the stick shift in his frickin pick-up and drink like a hick, redneck, hillbilly will 'til he gets hiccups? Flippin the script up like Mike Vick gettin bit in his junk by a Pit, yup, I'm a sick pup I'd be a horrible magician, cause I'll {fuck} a trick up Fix your lips up to say somethin fly, or zip up A-B? Let's C/see You said you're gonna do X-Y-Z 'til you {fuck} around and get dropped like an E, when you add an I-N-G Don't put a K in front of that though, when I emcee/M-C Cause I'm not the king of this microphone booth, it's more like a phone booth Superman in this bitch, kryptonite won't do That gives me more power I bump the Fat Boys and, eat rat poison, take meteor showers Fresh out of the mental hospital And me not flossin a middle finger while I hop in a moshpit'll be like Nas doin gospel or  R&B, you crazy? Me pushin up daisies, that thought is impossible as if flashin across the news Posdnous was caught with a prostitute with a huge johnson, boobs and monstrous tube  of lube, and a bra, some boots and panties and an aqua blue Mazda swallowin a popsicle, playin tonsil pool So kill the rumors, it ain't happenin I'ma rap 'til I'm fossil fuel The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Focus... f/ Phonte, Royce Da 5'9", Stat Quo Album: Pay Homage/Checks & Balance Song: Homage to Premier Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com, kirenamloh@msn.com {"Sound without focus, is just.. noise"} [Chorus: DJ scratches] "And-and-and let's start it like this son" - Raekwon "If you don't like my lyrics you could press fast forward" - Jay-Z "It's all good!" "If this was drugs I'd make a million" - Wyclef Jean "Focused man, my money on my mind" - 50 Cent "Wait, I had to let it marinate" - Nas "What the FUCK!" - Group Home "If you don't like my lyrics you could press fast forward" - Jay-Z "Turn-turn my, turn my headphones up" - Nas "I'm blowin up like you thought I would" - Notorious B.I.G. [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel, what up Focus...? Yeah, uh-huh, yea yea yea It's the +Ten Rap Commandments+, number 1 just be an ill nigga You will lose, you try to race this like Hilfiger I'm +So Ghetto+ with the fo' metal Sho' nuff blowin up on Challengers like the '84 shuttle Fuck the count nigga, Preem like a triple beam Sicker than sickle cell or picture listenin to sickle sing +Kick in the Do'+ wavin the fo', clad in navy velour Wax niggaz fast like shavin below A GangStarr nigga, I'm fly, I'm a sight I was dope before Escobar told me what +Nas is Like+ When I spit the gasoline see the fire fly There'll be nothin after Preem, this is me and my homage Like I rely on Raj, I lean on +What's Happenin'+ Got the "Hey HEY hey!" like Dwayne, I'm stuck trappin I've gone sick like the song +DWYCK+ Any nigga feelin Big all you gon' get, is a +Long Kiss+ Preem [Phonte] Uh, right here is where the verses start Dedicated to that classic New York sound and it really hurts my heart to see the people can't, recognize the Works of Mart and how they truly was a work of art I understand we ain't back in the old days But young'ns be lookin at my nigga Preem funny like he one of the O'Jays No sense of history; see Chris Martin in the credits They be thankin it's the nigga from Coldplay So I gotta school 'em and remind these toddlers That hip-hop started in the days of yonder Any fool with a S-line 50 can make beats But this man took it and redefined a genre Who else could make the Group Home sound like pros then make Christina Aguilera sound like soul? This is my homage and I gotcho' head bobbin and noddin, so we gon' bring the scratch collage in Like this! Phontigga, uh [Stat Quo] Stat Quo nigga, HEY! Primo, whaddup man? Take y'all a trip down +Memory Lane+ Hehe, you did that too +Step in My Arena+, but make it known +Friend or Foe+ +Recognize+, +I Gave You Power+ with this undeniable flow I'm +Invincible+, live by the +Code of the Streets+ My +Game Plan+ simple, +No Surrender, No Retreat+ +Salute+ the trill, cause +None of Y'all Betta+ Stay +Discliplined+ +On the Front Line+ +N 2 Gether - Now+ +Stay Tuned+ for the +Moment of Truth+ +Suckas+ gotta +Come Clean+ when Stat in the booth It's +Mostly Tha Voice+, that's why I got +Mass Appeal+ A +Black Cowboy+, +2 Deep+ me and the steel +Say Your Prayers+ muh'fucker 'fore you +Outta Here+ +Just to Get a Rep+ I'll end your career (okay) Been a +Long Time Comin+, +Blood, Sweat, and Tears+ I'm +Royalty+, +Classic+ like a beat from Premier The public +Lovesick+ from real +Hip Hop+ and shit +Here Today, Gone Tomorrow+, I "refuse to quit" It's Stat Quo... and Primo YEAH!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Willa Ford f/ Royce Da 5-9 Album: I Wanna Be Bad 12" Song: I Wanna Be Bad (Remix) Typed by: Uptownkilla181@aol.com Oh.. I, I.. I [Chorus One: Willa] I wanna be bad witchu baby I, I.. I, I I wanna be bad witchu baby [Willa] Do you, understand what I need, need from you Just let me the girl to show you, you everything that you can be except the thing that I can be (I wanna be) My turn, lemme letchu know that I, I can promise that I won't do that So boy, say the time and place cause you make me wanna mis-behave [Chorus Two: Willa] I wanna be bad (bad), make that look so good  I've got things on my mind, I never thought I would I, I wanna be bad (bad), make that feel so good I'm losin all my cool, I'm about to break the rules I, I wanna be bad [Chorus One] [Willa] Whassup? Tell me what to do How to be, teach me, all your rules from A to Z but I, don't wan't your other jealousy that you mess around wit me (ooh) I should-a thought Tell ya what I got is whatcha want Tell, tell me, do I, I turn ya on? I don't want no one judgin me [Chorus Two] [Royce Da 5-9](Willa) {*Chorus One overlaps Royce's verse*} Willa, Willa, Willa, whatchu want? Whatchu want? Willa, Willa, Willa, whatchu want? (can I get it from you?) Is it Em the "Criminal" wit the "Stan" look, uhh You need a "Real Slim Shady" to (please stand up) Or is it me, the criminal wit the V The never pretend to be, nothin other than a (bad boy) If you say you want me, tell me how you gon' be (hey Royce) Yo (I wanna be bad) c'mon [Chorus Two] - 2X The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jake One f/ Elzhi, Royce Da 5'9" Album: White Van Music Song: Glow Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com I glow I shine, I flicker I streak, I sparkle, I gleam, I glitter I glow I shimmer, I flare I flash, I floss, I glisten, I glare I Glow G to the L to the O W I'm comin' through on the low I glow, I shine, I flicker I streak, I sparkle, I gleam, I glitter [Verse One: Elzhi] You can't stop me from shinin' Extreme and bright It seems I write beams of light I spit it out and watch a star from the block glide Each bar of it is like carbon monoxide You can't handle the glare You look between hand and you'll stare at the man in red animal hair You tryin' to front like your rhymin' ain't Cut like a diamond shape Dominate With timin' who I got to accommodate? Feel in charge of killin' squads Still the Sarge and General Fiendin' to blow a minimal Of a million large Illuminate Make you vomit, word to Muhammad Islamic, my pens blowin' like comets when I palm it Jottin' down lines that conceal electricity Leakin' Thinkin' with light bulbs Over me blinkin' I just begun to pot the runnin' spot Stun you not Like I shot a hundred watt  Son is hot [Verse Two: Elzhi] Create an illy scene Here's what I really mean I make the whole city glow like the video for Billy Jean Posses it I was destine to be florescent You less slick I guess it's just the finesse that you blessed with Got correct lines To do what effect's mines The kind that eject fine  Electronic music When I, blaze the art Switch your small brain waves apart With grace because I'm laser sharp To faze ya I know you saw the flow slaughterin' You switched to flame  To melt, the same as throwin' water on a witch I'ma live wire for hire Fire you an entire splurch So jump up and get blew out like fire works I clearly glow Electrifyin' as Mystirium Theories show Materials blow inside the stereo I'm nasty Heads just send me to be flashy Cash me Out amounts I'm about cashin' the last G I glow [Royce Da 5'9"] The midwest in the buildin' We shinin' from here to St. Louie back to Chicago I flow I'm so pro I could go fast go slow for you hoes no Watch me If you livin' Islamic or Christian  You are now about to witness  The strength of knowledge and wisdom I'm never outta position I play my position above backboard El and Royce is back for More Plaques nigga This shit a breeze All the Mark K parve to chill the sleeves Five finger shoppin' at Louie Get up the sprees Dorado in the air, I'm bout it Give up to speed Get's my stray on My mistress I spray on Watchin' the Pistons at the same floor they play on Play on We on the wood nigga pray on Physically good in the hood  Niggas in the hood be like, "They on" Yeah God lit a fuse with me And you the best rapper is just news to me The rhyme potent This nine totin'  Best rapper from the D Since the death of the late great Deshaun Holden The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Kobe, Royce Da 5'9" Album: No Love Lost Song: All in My Head Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joe Budden] Uh, uh.. uh Maybe it started with Slaughterhouse, or was it tour life? Maybe it wouldn't have started at all, if I had your life Maybe it was needed or was I thinkin immorally? If I wasn't myself could I say I gave the fans +All of Me+? Can't decide if I'm more ashamed of what they saw in me than I am of ignorin all the lessons that was taught to me Headed up field but couldn't dodge the last tackler How could a forward thinker move so ass backwards? How could a dude with no regrets at all willin to bet it all not realize that quicker demise? How could I neglect it all? I'm so seasonal, some of y'all knew I'd spring back With a heart this cold, how'd y'all think I'd be receptive to fall? I'm plenty comfortable when danger's around And even more so when strangers around And the bigger picture is sicker, don't know my triggers or know the alarm it forces Don't know a nigga, don't know my bouts with drugs or liquor or the harm it causes Life or death, I tried to lynch myself Thought I could keep it all a secret, I convinced myself But really, the folk that loved me they could tell I was loc'in I couldn't see 'em, cry me a river cause it fell in the ocean Numb to my words now, maybe felt I was open I cut so many people loose, do I need help with devotion? That's just, some of the things I ask my Lord and Savior And when He calls for me, will He have done us all a favor? [Chorus: Kobe] How did I make it herrrrrrre? Who are y'all? (Who are y'all?) I feel so lost (so lost) Now I'm not seein it clearrrrrrrr Is it my fault? (Is it my fault?) It's all in my head [Royce Da 5'9"] I'm lookin around like "This can't be happenin" (can't be happenin) Round of applause for the angry rappers (angry rappers) Lord, my girl cried me a flood than me a river That's love, dependin on me when I'm a dependent on liquor I'm up in the shoe sto', she got no love to show You ever look at a bitch you was fuckin behind your bitch back like "Fuck I was fuckin you fo'?" I'm an artist so I'm intelligent I would tell you to do some soul searchin, but it's hangin up in my closet with your skeleton It's gotta be God's work, even a diamond gotta be polished first A quarter's on the loose and I ain't been out here gettin my dollar's worth I had to remove the goggles first To see through the sippin Patrn and fifty phoners 'fore I need to go get me a kidney donor Guru, Nate Dogg, go 'head, blink a eye The doctor told me, "You close, go 'head, drink and die" Buried under the stone where the Patrn fifth sits by That reads "Here lies somebody who never wanted to be this guy" [Joe Budden] It go, look They say knowledge is power, great cause every day I learn As of late been havin revelations 'bout this hate term Hate the way they judged me, 'til I got the case adjourned Hated the belly of the beast 'til I became it's tapeworm When I said I'd stop gettin high, tried to say it stern Though I'm the type to walk through the fire to check the way it burn They say my brain is off, I say "How can it be?" If I'm out my mind, how can I be in-sanity? And people used to say that I was scared of progress They don't know how hard a nigga tried to advance But I don't know who's more to blame, is it them for really not knowin me or is it me for never really givin them a chance? Get too close be too big of a threat Now it's been little to no time thinkin why I ain't get rid of you yet Gotta recognize my maturity, gotta see I'm grown Let all my skeletons out the closet, just so I'd never be alone Since I got trust issues, I won't discuss with you Besides God, tell me who the fuck's supposed to save you Pop won't have a man-to-man, was gone half my life so Somewhere in his head probably feel it ain't his place to Plus more people'll see me soon I mean, I'll be on national TV soon So when I ask if people I have around are a cancer for me That's 4 million more that might be able to answer for me Joey~! [Joe Budden over Chorus] C'mon! Who the fuck is y'all? Nigga! It's a couple of questions Just some of the things a nigga goes through every night OHH~! [Outro: Joe Budden] Parks on the board Real nigga in the booth Signin off, to who it may concern Uh, uh, uh, uh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Escape Route Song: For You * Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  * Amalgam Digital download bonus track "Biatch!" "For you! For, for you! For-for you! For you!"  "Fresh!" {*repeat 3X*} [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! Of course it's I The fore ship come as no surprise I'm low from my chauffeur drive He married to the streets, he 'bout to divorce his bride Now throw 'em up! Like you prayin to the porcelain god Joey! [Joe Budden] I understand why dudes would wanna off me (why?) It's small beef, goldfish to Jaws' teeth Knick game, next to Spike, got the floor seats (talk to 'em) Expired tin plate but the Porsche speeds Home to wall-to-wall marble in the floor see, Nickel! [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Joe Budden) Spittin at your eulogy All you rhyme about is shinin jewelry You should change your name from MC to Tomfoolery This is new to me and I will mop a nigga ass UP! Do him like clean-up (Or split him down the middle, we could) Do him like a pre-nup (I mean get him for his re-up) Hoes down, G's up [Joe Budden] Clean cut, pour somethin hot on your mean mug Star Trek guns outta this world, get beamed up The last two that you want to see team up Or link up, FUCK any rapper you think of Matter fact, ain't a better combo you could dream of [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9", Joe Budden] [R] Street niggaz gettin money, this is {"For you"} [J] Jail niggaz waitin on release, this is {"For you"} [R] Hoh! Trap stars niggaz, this is {"For you"} [J] Fruck that, bad broads I'm doin it for {"For you"} [both] WE, ARE {"Fresh"} [Joe Budden] We killin the witness and anyone who maybe saw it So the court date (they missin the day before it) Lately floorish coupe, or maybe poor shit I'm aware that they hate me for it I stay with the special like Katie Couric Diss me, soon as they record it they be corpses [Royce Da 5'9"] Flawless models lookin like my lady's porcelain 80's corset that can cause a baby abortion Take her, to Old Navy or maybe Nordstroms Get her pregnant, marry her or maybe divorce her Crazy, if a nigga dandelion/dandy lyin I have him pushin up daisies in a fugazi orifice [Joe Budden] I dress half hood, half corporate If your closet ain't the size of a master bedroom you won't get the portrait [Royce Da 5'9"] Bottom line I'ma sign like endorse it Y'all niggaz four different characters played out like Norbit Of course it's the bosses, shoot it then toss it {*scratched repeatedly: "That was fresh!"  "Bitch!"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: New York, Jersey, Philly 12" Song: New York, Jersey, Philly Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Joe Budden] New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly You know I keep it filthy out in New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly Check it............. [Verse One: Joe Budden] Rockin spikes and a beater, beside me a diva I'm hearin all the talk of how you ride with a heater Make sure I don't survive but when I see ya, ya sleep with a broke heart Like you went and took advice from Alicia Tell me if you really wanna take it there Best in the world if you ain't remained aware Latest gear, love, no, hate it yeah You and your scared style a get aired out, start, stop and stare now Change the trucks grill yeah the car got veneers now  'Lot of rappers spittin shit, I don't wanna hear now They talkin Gucci but they shoppin at Sears now If you weren't prepared now? You ain't get the warnin yet So I'm a go hard early call it morning sex New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly Tinted up, rims silly If a nigga try and kill me chalk it up, had the brother wildin With mind playin tricks on you get off Shutter Island Showin you somethin you never would see, I'm gettin checks every week You tryin to meet your executive needs, I'm in executive suites consecutively  Somebody had to body ya, guess the job was left to me So when I kill the track they can't charge me with double jeopardy They asked you if I'm a boss and you say no sir How you don't concur my golfer got a chauffer  Standin on the couch in the club with a nympho Reppin Slaughterhouse see the blood on the window Let's see I get wealthy, being broke gettin healthy So I ain't tryin to buy whatever shit they try to sell me Got a broad up in the telly I could trust her what you tell me Still bringin Lunatics with me yeah I learned that trick from Nelly 'Cause I know it can get urgent, when they see you just splurgin Strip club, in the private room tryin to fix the curtains Wanna 'cause a big excursion run up on the kid squirtin Make sure the Mac ain't broke and you ain't buy the Knicks version Out in.......... [Chorus: Joe Budden] New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly You know I keep it filthy out in New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly, New York, Jersey, Philly Niggas gotta feel me [Bridge: Joe Budden] OWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Slaughterhouse gang!!! My brotha from another mother! Let's go to the D!!! Nickel!!!!!! OWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Verse Two: Royce Da 5'9] Blood on the speakers, puke in the booth Hard hats bazookas, poop on my boots You all laughin 'til you get hit shootin from my gun I am in Doublemint, condition like chewin gum Bum, you older than fuck A hop, skip and a jump from layin down holdin a cup And there's nothin more impressive than being in one of my sessions My views excitin like a dude viewin a warmin undressin And y'all must have lost y'all sense Ashton Mart dark dark tint The weed stankin like the moth ball scent Y'all bunch of pop lame ass niggas  Lyricless Wacka Flocka Flame ass niggas I am it, there is none before me, hush your nigga mouth quick Like Benzino, after me and Joe we did 40/40 And you can tell that bitch nigga I will kill him You have no idea of what, y'all are dealin I'm a walkin solid hundred dollar bill and I am so fuckin fly Had to buy my fuckin house without a ceilin I am a apocalyptic pop a nigga trigger  You might wanna stop it if you was the opposite of killer, a gorilla I'm like five percent killer, five percent Eminem The other ninety percent, cap pealer I'm that iller, my speech is dead Yucky like you lookin at Mo'Nique legs Sick man!!!! I go harder than you can withstand I'm on lean like Bacardi on a kick stand I'm at the party in your bitch pants I'll Kadeem Hardison six man you bitch fam!!! The A-R is the choice of weapon I am the voice of B-S and yes I'm Detroit reppin My whole ice, look like meow yen Her thighs, look like she's been practicin moy tai The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Fabolous, Lloyd Banks, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Mood Muzik 4: A Turn 4 The Worst Song: Remember the Titans Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Fabolous - talking] Uh, yeah (J-J-J-J. Cardim) Yeah, yeah [Verse 1 - Fabolous] These niggaz losin they minds, you find that there's no reward They say they already home, it's really clear they abroad They sound like they boxed in, it's not just where they record There's a cost to be a boss, they can't clearly afford Swear to the Lord, this gun's like an audience You put on a show, my .40 clearly applauds Sittin fifth row, I might appear to be bored Plottin on a Kanye by screamin "where's my award?" (award) Ballin out of control, never won an ESPY 'Bout to buy a black Ghost and name that shit SP Flow out of this World, I'm comin for my moon man You niggaz slide back like that walkin on the moon dance No glitter gleam, handgun with a beam Have some boys follow you, Street Fam, Twitter team Like you could fuck with me, oh did it seem Dr. King and Def Jam ain't the only ones with "A Dream" (with A Dream) I'm a grown ass man, this kid a teen You're a spoof of me like if hip-hop did a "Scream" Audi coupe lookin good, so I went and copped it Got that TT poppin like a trending topic My ride's mat black, my pride is that jack It might get ya dog shot, even a cat smacked Anyway though, styles don't apply to me Jeff Goldblum couldn't be more "Fly" to me Shorty say right after the suck, fuck poof You hit it on the head girl, duck, duck goose You should of got the message that I chuck up deuce Break 'em off and leave it, you see my fucked up tooth It's fuck a bitch, there's more fish in the aquarium I rarely hear no, like when niggaz ask you to marry them There's no lights in the place you buy your jewelry from Funeral Fab, I'm just here to bury them [Verse 2 - Joe Budden] Reportin live from the beacon, booth tired from the beatin Had foreplay all day, preppin the beatin the mic for a threesome With my vocal, bicoastal, speedin 'til the ride's totaled Mr. Wi-Fi, out a franchise go to Magic, standby locals Watch the track bust once I show my dick size to the Pro Tools (talk to 'em) I teach you how to have models screamin "get behind me!" E-pills and Maybach's ain't gon' matter if your tip is tiny Nevermind me, we could get knee deep in the beef Seek me with the heat but you'll need more to keep me on a leash Here's a cc for the peeps that wanna see me in the streets Invest in Rockports and be easy on your feet Give a few hammers, a few semis and a few snubs To a few Crips, couple vampires and "True Bloods" Gamblin in casinos, have a hunnie handin me my c-notes To her I'm a modern day Gambino I'm careful every step I take (uh) You the nigga walk up in a shootout with some pepper spray (uh) That'd be the last mistake you ever make Me I chop his head off from a rooftop And racin downstairs just to see if I can catch his fade Like groceries when I'm shootin at fags Make sure the bread's separated and put the fruits in a bag Withstand the hatred, dudes is fallin off doin all they can to save it But everybody's run stops, ask Brandon Jacobs What y'all call swag to me is all faggotry Fours wanna blaat at me, that'd equal more casualties, abort the strategy Or get attacked with that Duracell they put in your back, now that's assault and battery You can keep the bitchin to yourself There's beams on every burner, these lasers, a petition wouldn't help What good is havin shooters if they the type that miss? Where I'm from, better be careful where you drive that whip Niggaz put they life at risk for pies that flip In my "Town", Ben Affleck wouldn't try that shit And if he did, he'd get turned around, burnt down Tell the new jacks it'll be a while 'fore they eligible to earn the crown [Verse 3 - Lloyd Banks] Uh, acid out the baggie, this is more than dope, flawless flow Fuckin off a sign every horoscope that wore my robe Strappin up the corner cold, critical, unquestioned, my opponents know I shoot like Capono, watch me own the show Chromatose, toasted, gettin money while I roam the coast Stones and boats, mansions, homes and hos, I deserve 'em both Overdose, time to earn my votes, watch me turn the volts Voltage through a hater, this electric chair, danger Yeah, I see ya, now make way 'fore it turn to diarrhea Here a microphone'll give ya three of everything I wear, yeah Models by the pair, swear, bottles, private Lear, steer Style that's out of here, rare, thousands by the chair, squares Sleep with me, you can't hear, war with me is scary Get beat silly tryin to lamp here, better bring your theory heat I got a drop damp here, niggaz try me barely No one breathes, I need an ant's ear, pressure's necessary Got my mind on the cheddar, kill my haters together Bury 'em in abundance and starve their family's stomachs Paper come in my thumb it's, brand new fifties and hundreds On point, just like the drum is, I'm warnin their baby mothers Got the hunger of a broke rapper, kill you while I'm rollin up, then smoke after Catch you at your show, snatch ya, empty out the dough faster Bentley off the scene, Magnum mo' splasher, four packer Southside nigga spittin coke at ya [Verse 4 - Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! This is for the fronters and the naysayers I'm about to scare away the drummers and the bass players (bass players) They say I'm out of my league on this one So when I get done I want you to cut your fuckin ears off and Twitpic 'em Lord (Lord), I want you to leave this vicinity You gon' be around here 'bout long as Justin Bieber's virginity This is Jesus identity, mixed with weed, Hennessey, Kennedy, King Mixed with a kill or be killed, killer regime, illest you've seen, switch (switch!) Y'all write all that hard shit, then ya fall right off, it's horrible My oracle is all I offer, so before I borrow yo Won't be here tomorrow flow Sorry, I will probably adios my body with somebody toast (toast) This shit just practice, sickest rappin Baptist Kill your pastor, steal your chapstick After that make you kiss a cactus Then, take your ho, make the ho give the whole clique fellatio Everyone, that wasn't the whole "Entourage" on HBO Then after that, I tell her, I can't do much with ya, shorty I just found out I could fly to Dubai and hire Buffie the Body! (Buffie the Body) Don't call us if the bitches ain't flawless If they are then we can hang like Aretha Franklin braless The drunk me can box like a sober you The sober me be more nervous than Waka Flocka in the voting booth (voting booth) We beef like bein deep and dumpin K's (dumpin K's) You beef like Lady Gaga and her stylist (stylist) Y'all get together to look good in front of a bunch of gays (gay) My feng shui is a pump in the desert You'll come up shorter than an Asian jumpin out of a trunk in the desert While my "Wolfpack" looks for strippers and cocaine Niggaz snitchin, it's a shame, we call 'em male tattlers Fiends touchin they noses more than URL battlers It's hard to spit saliva when you spit fire, so I'll just Pour sugar in your gas tank Put a banana in your tailpipe A huh, so the car can fit the driver (*explosion*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Crooked I, Joell Ortiz, Nino Bless, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Halfway House Song: Slaughterhouse Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joell Ortiz] Aiyyo Joey what you said, 24 right? Aight cool, I got you Uhh, I define gutter - every time I rhyme  I climb up another notch, hip-hop got my spine smothered But I'll be fine brother - my mind hovers  above all you jive suckers wishin, that's word to my mother You throw a shot at me, I'm throwin a shot back Yours is on a joint, mine's whistlin by your top hat Yeah I'm cool but you violate and I'll cock back Open the mac's mouth and black out like I do not rap I'm sick and tired of niggaz lyin They fifth is lyin in the second drawer next door to some bullshit they iron Y'all be makin up stories the little kids is buyin I do everything my +Penn State+ like a Nittany Lion I ain't gotta mention the streets on a song to get in a nigga ass on these beats like a thong, pause Veterans co-sign me, the up-and-comers scared The pretty girls go "Papi, here's my underwear!" Never in a hundred years I thought I'd be a rapper But in less than a hundred bars I knew I'd be a factor I'm PS4 in HD and the screen is plasma You're Atari 2600 with a weak adapter Between us the gap's so crazy I'm Gucci, Louis V; you're Gap, Old Navy I get coochie in the V, you attract no ladies You're suburb, I'm gutter where the gats go crazy! [Nino Bless] Look, you know, look Fuck a lecture, ain't tryin to be Pun's successor That term's done fucker, what up whatever You birds is food, I'm about to pluck some feathers I'm young and clever, plus clutch under pressure Yup! Who does this better? Walk around with medal all on me like the front of Shredder I lust for cheddar you owe me Leave holes in your vest that'll open your chest like a sunken treasure I'm somethin, like a phenomenon Droppin bombs for fun then dine in hell during Ramadan Whatever I'm rhymin on or whoever I tear 'em apart; swear on my pops No, fear in my heart, shit, been through it all Done swam with the sharks, snapped fins with my jaws I'm all that, and a bag of the baddest piff off of a brick of hash mixed with acid hits like sick cracker shit Get back, dumb birds I ignore the hype Click-clack, Yung Berg'd if you flossin ice Dawg, cross me twice, can't afford the price It'll cost you, I'll off your life! You soft, I told you I'm raw white when I'm on this mic Still mourn at night, don't wanna see mornin light And I feel like I'm forced to fight When the +Chips+ are down like Ponch fallin off his bike (AHHH!) Of course my metaphors are type awesome, right? I got 'em in awe, my aura's Jordan like What's really poppin? Who diddy-boppin? You wasn't really, now you all Common and really conscious I ain't with that silly nonsense, I really pop shit My gun stay cocked like Biggie's optics I, I stay evolvin but grown bitter On your grave they're carvin "Fucked with the wrong nigga" [Crooked I] I don't write I kill a pen, leak its blood on the page I breathe bars like oxygen locked my lungs in a cage Instrumentals get fucked on the stage A pedophile unless I dig in the crates and fuck with somethin my age Forever vow, to never smile when I'm at peace Only when I'm eatin the deceased like quiche Only when my enemy's internal organs are a smorgasbord in a feast The Dahmer with melanin led 'em in the belly of the beast You'll be missin until fishermen see your corpse I'll be in Michigan stickin a chicken in my Michelin ready to pigeon pitch again from Switzerland to New York I was whippin Bentleys before them pictures up in the Source I'm a gorillas behind these bars, on some zoo shit Shoot you while you're talkin on some news camera crew's shit Sicker than flyin in past tense on some flu shit Day-old asshole flow, I drop new shit! Exclusive! You don't want it in fact I'll have the doctors operatin on the front of your back Tryin to keep your stomach intact The spiritual you, leavin your body, he don't wanna go back That's when the tunnel go black; I send your soul to the atmosphere Fuck outta here, and your ringtone rap career! It's Crooked I, the face of Eastside Long Beach Put your ear to the street so you can hear my heartbeat [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel! Yeah I hope niggaz know I'll show up to your show I'll show up where you go, show up to your do', fo's will explode shells 'fore they hit the flo', I know niggaz know I got a open window flow, I air shit OUT In the D they used to call me Mayor Royce Now they call me Clay Davis Guess why? "Sheeeeeeeeeeee-it" Cause when it come to them words you know I wear shit out I write rhymes like, white lines on a nose tray Ice cold Ice Cube flow like O'Shea Ridin shotgun with Chris Martin my DJ Not the white boy, but I'm down for the +Coldplay+ Forever stay violent, better stay silent Hammers stay hummin like strummin the mandolin violin Speakin of, I done played a tune of violence More than my nigga Charles Hamilton played Sonic I wrap niggaz up, clap niggaz up, scrap niggaz up Either that or we gon' slap niggaz up Dump dirt on you  right before I go  into my Maino mode if I smell the scent of Yung Berg on ya 'Til it ain't no mo', ain't no dough Get into his ass cause I ain't opposed, I'm a livin anal probe I'm a lame-ophobe, matter fact my nigga JumpOff Can I keep goin? (Why the fuck not!) When I was a teen, I used to pack a three-eighty Now I'm spittin sittin between Shady and Jay (ohh!) I pull the jeans down on my bitch and then wave Cause the pussy Max B wavy when she ain't shave I leave the booth smellin like somebody ain't sprayed I would talk about Kimbo but I ain't crazy I'm like Marty McFly goin back in time  and dissin his momma nigga you can't fade me [Joe Budden] They say he a bastard for real, then they see the ass on his girl So they wonderin, why's he so mad at the world? I take it out on tracks, I R.I.P. it So even to the producer it's hard to I.D. it Bars tremendous, it's in your best interest I insist your men just, do your best Bush rendish Endless, move more than two inches My blood'll boil like I got a big skin cyst So end this or see me maana Or see the speed of a llama, underground primadonna That ain't hard to find, pop a E in a Honda with hands like E. Honda, he a monster! I love war, it's like my pet peeve kinda But for us to even BEEF you should be honored! My DICK gettin hard, I see vagina, pause Nah, rewind each line each time Speak mine and meet 9, mano a mano When it rains it pours, grab a teflon poncho You now fuckin with Mouse, the head honcho Nigga I could fix yo' house in my condo! I walk around like ratchets been legalized Just me and the desert eagle, and an eagle eye Closed casket, now you havin a boxed wake Zipper over your head, dudes callin you Crotchface! So y'all could bump "Swag Like Us" But the next time rap's discussed, add this as a plus Don't nobody hit the pad like us And would get up in that ass but the fag's might bust (bust) And since poppin tags is a must (what?) I hit the bank  all I do is withdraw Chicks removin their drawers now, your crew is in awe How you ball? Your jewels from a cubicle in the mall You gon' need another processor, to process it I'll set it, I said it! So keep runnin around hot-headed, 'til you get hot leaded 'Til everything but your torso on you is prosthetic Digest it, niggaz is pie-thetic Rap what you can't afford, y'all must got credit All you gotta know is Crooked I, Royce, Bless and Joell With Joe spell, NO L! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joe Budden f/ Crooked I, Joell Ortiz, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Escape Route Song: We Outta Here Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] Your left shoulderrrrr (HUT!) Your right shoulderrrrr (HUT!) {*gunfire*} Your left shoulderrrrr (HUT!) Your right shoulderrrrr (HUT!) {*whistle blows*} [female] Slaughter [Royce Da 5'9"] Poppa-Poppa Pistol stuck his dick in Momma Missile and created Mr. Got-to-Get-You if he opposite just split You niggaz bitches cranberry like a vodka mixer Whippin bitches niggaz black, ass like a cotton picker Bomb through debris - I'm holdin two pistols in the form of a crosshair, I am armed to the T I put on for my city, I take off for whoever think I'm soft for my job of rappin, go back to clappin Back to illin, back to dealin, back to coc-a-ina Up the nose, that's the feelin, sky the limit, that's the ceilin And the women is the whores, puttin numbers up for sales It's the score into hell, it's the feel, it's the feel [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"  singing with AutoTune] I can make noise when the gat blowwwww-ooooooh-oooh The Slaughterhouse boys make the gat blowwwww-ohhhhh-ooooh It's a muh'fuckin Slaughterhouuuuuuuse We outta here, we outta here, we outta here It's a muh'fuckin Slaughterhouse We outta here, we outta here, we outta [Joe Budden] {*starts off screwed*} I live my life like a hood bopper touched by evil, all about bread and evil Regular people lookin like bread to eagles with the desert eagle Cordially they forcin me to act accordingly When according to me my thoughts disorderly just like they outta be It's more to me in accord to me Just mad at the smoke and the mirrors, image, perceptions and the forgery Everything is a fraud to me So until the boys wake up, me and my boys make up Be with the toy sprayers, aimin noise makers at the noise makers {*blam*} Best group ever, group of whoever who do it better Bets placed on it (nigga!) number one got our face on it And I make a case on it, treason Every twelve months it's huntin season They call us Slaughterhouse for a reason! [Royce] Crooked! [Crooked I] Piano face Audemars, you haters know the time Drug abusin fourth-grader, I mean a loaded nine Hits in the stash, Ferrari Spider, the road is mine Like lap dancers and bad brakes, I'm on the grind So tell Officer Crawford that this is (Slaughterhouse) And I left the next black president in his daughter's mouth Swallow my kids then I'm like, "Yo I gotta bounce" Ben Franklin's a math genius and every dollar counts We takin over the game, go at you little wussies (Why?) Cause that's the sweetest joy next to gettin pussy Somethin bad is emergin Slaughter's blowin up like a suicide bomber promised 70 virgins nigga [Royce] Ortiz! [Joell Ortiz] One quarter of Slaughter reportin to you live  from a corner where reporters stop by Since somebody playin pow-pow shots fly out a glock-9 'til you cooked like a potpie Take a look at everybody in my crew  bet you can't find a member of the squad that is not fly Anybody say they can see us they either lyin  or not wearin they glasses, apparently cock-eyed We don't shit, we ca-ca We don't spit, we emit lava Got a grip on these hip-hoppers like a big lobster Everybody know the deal when the hear the kid YOWWA! Goo-goo, ga-ga, baby cryin 'bout the internet They get on the site but they showed me and Joe the other night  takin flights then lightin up a cigarette Motherfucker we ill, not one insect step short of the best thing Everything we touch make they head swing and, y'all ain't really interestin Throw a shot, and our fans do the interceptin You got the crowd fooled but I ain't really into wrestlin (into wrestlin) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Kool Savas f/ Royce Da 5'9", Tre Little Album: Der Beste Tag Meines Lebens Song: Don't Hate Typed by: jostmatt@bluewin.ch [ Royce ] From Sony Records all the way to Optik Records Yeah From the US to overseas The lovely Melbeatz on the instrumentals Classic You know how we do [ CHORUS: (Royce &) Savas (2X) ] (Don't hate) das Leben ist Stress genug Ich hab nichts mit dem Rest zu tun Die siehst wie die meisten nur Scheiss verbreiten ( ? ) doch lsst es zu (You don't want it with) mir oder meiner Crew Ich fick alle Idioten mit einer Line und zerreiss Jeden am Mic der redet und meint dass er irgendwas weiss [ VERSE 1: Royce Da 5'9" ] Niggas'll leave your brains number than veins In the streets where pumpers can preach caine In numbers and train like somethin you teach Niggas comin is targeted, my niggas, they vain With guns with range that'll aim and dump at the market I don't know if you got enough heat for that beef that you started With a nigga that's stupid, whose piece is retarted I'm keepin parts of your name and your look Parts of your brain, pick a part to sling in your hooks Then I'm hangin you up This is not the year for the vets This is the year for the soldier who's rollin over cadets With explosive cassettes, even long figures, still it's respect Shit, I'm still a threat That's growin with ya, step from the hills to the best I prove that I'm witty by usin my mind I spit from my heart so you don't confuse me with other crews in my city Cause I am the hardest nigga that's rhymin in Rock City All these ( ? ) can die in denial or rock with me [ CHORUS (2X) ] [ VERSE 2: Kool Savas ] Du willst Fame indem du mich disst Doch ich bernehme das Game hier wie Kiss Komm auf die Bhne und battle mich, Bitch Probier wie man trkische Penise ksst Du wrst gerne wie ich, true und normal Kool und loyal, fresher als jeder Ich schreibe am Meter, zerstckel die Hater  Und arbeite mehr als ich muss wie ein Streber Baammm - hier ist mein Album und bye  Ich bin wie meine Nsse, alleine zu zweit Sitze zu Haus, chill und mach nix Hr dann auf Kiss, "dirty und tight" Fick jeden am Mic, jeden der meint Er flowt und ist besser als ich wenn er reimt Du hast berkomplexe, machs ber die Stze  Und spittest auf deinen Tracks immer als letzter Komm, ich hab noch Lines fr dich, Homes Schein am Mic bis jeder sich sonnt Most Wanted Rapper bei WOM Drop Hits wie Bomben und fliege davon Bigger als Pun, fetter als Joe Der erste deutsche Rapper der flowt Kommt ihr Verrter, ich fick euch am Mikro  Und geb euch den Penis wie Peter Ihr knnt jetzt alle zurck auf die Bank In die Uni, gib lieber dein Mic aus der Hand Denn ich streiche die Jobs, reim wie der Boss Rede Schmock, ich sperr dich ein wie die Cops Spitte wie der Mack und battle jeden der denkt Er reimt wie ich, ertrnk dich vor den Augen der Fans Und wenn mich jeder liebt oder kein Mensch mehr kennt Ich reim on bis jeder von euch am Mic verbrennt [ CHORUS (2X) ] [ VERSE 3: Tre Little ] Yo, I'ma hurt the game that's dirt, let me explain your worth You look like him but sound like her You want an Eminem flow with a 5'9" voice Weird signs, y'all niggas is hoes - oh! You want Jiggaman's movements, Timbaland's music Musiq on the hook with Kevin Lyle's approvement Dupri do the remix, Nas do the verses Nate Dogg do the hooks - number one single! Keep your album grimey, you go and get The LOX You pay em top dollar, they don't like you, pops Sheek wanna fight you, Styles wanna pop you Jada just don't like you, what the game made you Meth can't stand you cause your weed is weak And Primo been sayin yeah but you ain't seen that beat Dub C wanna quit cause of niggas like you Vanilla Ice is comin back cause of niggas like you Ghostwriters get paid cause of niggas like you Swear to God, Tre Little hate niggas like you Neptunes for your second single, it's gettin nauseous All this Cris-poppin and wrist watches The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ludacris f/ Claret Jai, Slaughterhouse Album: Fast Five soundtrack Song: F5 (Furiously Dangerous) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Chorus: Claret Jai] We're so furiously dangerous Fur-fur-furiously dangerous We're so furiously dangerous Fu-fu-fur-furiously dangerous Fur-fur-fur.. [Ludacris] L-L-L-Luda! L-l-l-listen Death by lyrical injection, I'll KILL you rappers A lot of green with a yellow complexion, women call me the Green Bay Packer (Woo!) I pack the zeroes, meanin mucho dinero So paid, rappers is waitin on trades and they all get +Knicked+ like Melo Hello! Luda! Tell these other boys double up Cause I got some work all on my waist but I call it a tummy tuck My every record's jumpin, or playin double dutch I SHIT on rappers, every verse just got the bubble guts! [Joe Budden] Let me tell this to the people not understandin my moxy Animal watch me, if you think it's tangible stop me But then I hit 'em with a flow that they can't even copy See we don't play that where I'm from it's like fantasy hockey Sup wit a dog, thugs want a war Bad gene, what you wanna trade slugs with him for? While you cuffin 'em all, I'm stuffin the jaw Illegal for you read my kind of love on the board Dawg, you and your skill versus hard parts from our squad I'll put you on a crash course in a Smart car Mach speed and not relyin on a brake pad in a car you usually drive on a racetrack So the lines 'bout your Phantoms and your Maybachs are ghost tales for the phantoms, face facts We ruin hip-hop, Slaughterhouse and payback In the shape of the tat', now you done faded to black GO! [Royce Da 5'9"] + (Claret Jai) I went from eatin Top Ramen to bein top rhymer Check full of commas No regrets except for the drama I remember a time where my only perfection was my momma My mind a long erection, now it's time ya bow down and erect a monu-ment in my honor Cause bitch I'm bonker, plural In a whip with my Ivanka, pompous girl She on E feelin on me singin on-key while I'm bumpin "We Are the World" Got a sniff from Britney, no he didn't did he? (We run this town!) No we didn't, Diddy I feel like tiltin the glass, you take a sip with me She from the city of Jackson, I call her Mississippi That was pretty witty Your man like a black man tryin to get re-elected, he ain't get it did he? [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, Timberland to the pedal, pedal to the floor Just whippin it through the ghetto, metal in the door case I gotta throw some lead into ya boy Referee mindstate {*whistle blows*} I'm settlin the score I don't know what y'all hatin for Wait, wait, know what? Matter fact I don't know what y'all waitin for I ain't finna say nothin, turn the bass up more 'til the speakers pop I get a kick out of that like a sneaker spot See I was a lil' kid with his thumbs in his ears and a tongue in the air goin (na-na-na-nyah-nyah) just when you think it stop (na-na-na-nyah-nyah-nyah) Everything I speak is hot But don't be mad, at least everything you speak is... I can't think of nothin nice to say You're not nice, okay? [Crooked I] Rapper, hustler, entrepreneur My shit fly like I'm launchin manure Lord of the underground, God of the sewer On Hennessy Black, all kind to the jawwww Yeah, I'm off the block This ain't work homie I'm off the clock I'm a syllable, Hannibal killer, a cannibal with a mechanical mandible to deliver the flammable ammo Lyrical animal off the top Rep that West 'til I walk with 'Pac We the +2.0 Boys+ with Crooked, Joe, Royce New gold Rolls Royce pull off the lot Pop me the only way you can stop me I'm top seed, I clock green at Mach speed So watch me if you haven't seen the phenomenon I spit fast as Lamborghini's in Ramadan [Claret Jai] I suggest, you shut it down Pack your ish, and turn around Because tonight, we run this town So let your feet, still swiftly hit the ground [Ludacris] We too dangerous for the world! Artist: NYGz f/ Bumpy Knuckles, Lady of Rage, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Ya Dayz R #'D 12" Song: Ya Dayz R #'D (Remix) Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [Woman talking] And now ladies and gentlemen It's my pleasure to bring to you somebody who's for the real people "NYG" Remix [DJ Premier scratch chorus] "I tote steel in my everyday life" "Your days are numbered" - Kool G. Rap 'Real Life' "Stand tall, stick your chest out boy and be a man" - Nas "Your days are numbered"  "Never the less" "I tote steel in my everyday life"  [Verse One] [Panch] Same 59-50s on the same 3-60s Ain't shit changed, new team same game Back with another one, I said get used to us Thought it was a game This time we got a crew with us Wipe my tim's on the welcome mat Kicked in the door like I knew I'd excel in rap Go head, nigga rock, this a warning shot All that gonna stop when Pro's & Con's drop "Ya days are numbered" - Kool G. Rap [Shiggy Sha] Not me I'm fine It's reference to y'all niggas Can't y'all see my grind? I'll put it all together, the way that I shine With Freddie Foxx, Lady Of Rage & Royce 5'9" Yo, pardon me Brother Malcolm I'm straight from the X These niggas rappin' for the lames Y'all will rap for the rest All I had to make was one phone call and I did it Yo Preme, scratch the hook and trust we shit [Scratch chorus] "Your days are numbered" - Kool G. Rap 'Real Life' "Stand tall, stick your chest out boy and be a man" - Nas "Your days are numbered"  "Never the less" "I tote steel in my everyday life"  Rock on with your bad self [Verse Two] [Lady Of Rage] Ha, boom shockalocka Yo, here comes the +Chief Rocka+ Rage out the gate goin' straight for the knockout You can't handle the lyrical damaga I got porn star stamina Breathe easy you amateurs I'm all action, no lights no cameras No board, I'm been known to kill the bull like a matador Oye, ha Ukfe uye You thinkin' I can't flow that? You can get the bozack Act like you know that I'm one of the coldest I'm smokin' like Calvin Broadus chokin' on green foliage Gotta, B.O.N.E. to pick with all those that hate Because I get Bizzy like Krayzie and Layzie  You wish you could fade me But my Thugs stay N Harmony There's no harmin' me I drops bombs with ease With these NYGz Makin' N.Y. freeze I'm still +Unfuckwitable+, chick +You Know My Steez+ [Scratch chorus] "Stand tall, stick your chest out boy and be a man" - Nas "Your days are numbered"  "Never the less" "I tote steel in my everyday life"  "Your days are numbered" - Kool G. Rap 'Real Life' "Stand tall, stick your chest out boy and be a man" - Nas "Your days are numbered"  "Never the less" "I tote steel in my everyday life"  [Verse Three] [Bumpy Knuckles] Your days are numbered like the calendar Wipe potatoe on the Derringer with duct tape to make a silencer Pretty much it's a wrap if I'm involved Clap with the revolver Strap, how I resolve Beef can be dissolved Quick as I evolve Lyrically, like a real MC is what I'm called Y'all niggas can't talk about guns to me If you ain't never smelt saltpeter comin' from assault heaters I know you're lookin' for your wikipedia Tryin' to figure out what the hell Bump is feedin' ya Y'all see the duffel bag carryin' the muffled mac, magazine Filled with the hollow point Al Greene's  Full of fire, I got verses for hire They got nurses for hire Y'all all know that the style mean I'll leave ya weezin' in the alley with a Walkman on Playin' Lil' Weezy, tryin' to breathe easy [Scratch chorus] "Your days are numbered" - Kool G. Rap 'Real Life' "Stand tall, stick your chest out boy and be a man" - Nas "Your days are numbered"  "Never the less" "I tote steel in my everyday life"  "Stand tall, stick your chest out boy and be a man" - Nas "Your days are numbered"  "Never the less" "I tote steel in my everyday life"  [Verse Four] [Royce Da 5'9"] Nick nine got the whole entire scene shook Heads bop, feds watch, cops, fiends look I'm sittin' on throne lookin' like the king should I let my records talk for me like a Preme hook I got the green foot I kick money shit so much, it's funny shit But creams how things look Bottom line, I'm a dollar sign Out of sight, out of mind Idolize, I'm already out of mine Signatures Dotted lines Zeros surrounded by my heroes I'm livin' but honored by a mural Lock, load dispense Never at my expense Sawed offs frequent Y'all bought we spent Y'all recent, dog we vets We wet niggas with the three tec Reflex, respect A real nigga from the D On a rise from them D's On a ride with them Gz From NY And that's why [Scratch chorus] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Free Agent Song: Finish What You Start Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Joell Ortiz] I hear y'all talkin It's funny to me (yeah!) See, where I come from We act first, ask questions later (c'mon!) [Joell Ortiz] If I'm in there the whole place full up I'll use your lil' bar to do a pull-up Use your wack-ass tracks as target practice And tell the baddest broads to arch it backwards For years I wore the same Starter jacket and beat-up tees with the scars to match it Jeans with the holes, sneakers with no sole When Genesis dropped my Nintendo was so old Oh no, couldn't have that I put the pen where the pad at - VOIL! Magic I'll disappear in the booth, reappear messiah When I write, call it a night, vampire Ask around, your boy hot, and I uhh don't plan to cool off like a campfire E'rybody gather round, I'ma tell a story of a snot-nosed kid, try and smell the glory [Chorus: Royce Da 5'9"] + (Joell) I, shoot first ask questions last That's how most of these so-called gangstas pass That's how most of these so-called gangstas pass That's how most of these so-called gangstas, gangstas {C'MON!} I - shoot first ask questions last A poof! How low, so low, so low, so low A poof! How low, so low, so low, so low I (Well I'ma finish what you start!) [Joell Ortiz] This for the block mister, the rock pictures Late night, cranberry and Croc mixers Parkin lot pissers, glock top shifters Dudes who stay fresh cause they shoplifters That's where I come from, so me no run from bumbaclot pussy drummer boy, rumpa-pum-pum You no tough stuff, you my son's son You just bluff rough, me say come, come I'll give it to anyone who wants some Go silly on they Achilles until they run's done I keep a hot line, 9-1-1 Everyone say hi to the hero that won't go unsung A moment of silence while I give Pun some Scream Borrrrricua 'til your tongue's numb What's your angle? Haha, I know mine If it's cheese, +Swizz+ style, "SHOWTIME!" [Joell Ortiz] I ain't a troublemaker but my flow cocky So all the pretty mamis yellin "GO PAPI!" Man that's so neat, and y'all so sloppy When you think I'm done shittin I do mo' copy{?} Just love to flex my rap muscle What muzzle? Dog, you just a Jack Russell Your bite weak and your bark a lil' pitch Relax, you no match for a hard-nosed pit' I can't find a track that my bars won't rip You guys are sick warrin with the Gaza Strip When I back out this pen all you guys'll strip Like you in Chippendales tryin to wind for tips (haha) No need to see, slow down and let the leader lead DJs, bring this back~! I'm what the needle need And I don't mean to get all mushy like my last bitch (BLAP!) Damn, I love this rap shit The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Joell Ortiz f/ Crooked I, Joe Budden, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Move On 12" Song: Move On (Slaughterhouse Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Joell Ortiz] YAOWA! What's up my nigga? You say your name is John? Joell Ortiz Yeah yeah I know, I'm familiar with the interview shit I know what you gon' ask I got you, don't even stress it No I don't respond with answers that fit a script So the repetition'll make a nigga flip We in the game of smoke and mirrors, those engineerin a bigger spliff blowin circles out they mouth, gettin praised but the shit'll shift I never lived a myth, if I said it I did it Never alleged, word to dead I gripped a fifth (boom!) I made my housing tenement a strip, movin medicine and nicks When I seen 'em comin I jetted from them pricks (ohh!) And still to this day though she clean I wish my mommy never sniffed But the hurt is makin me better with this gift (look) I'm live with this ink you could, die in a blink and Y'all got the nerve to ask me why do I drink and Motherfucker sometimes I cry when I think and Y'all ain't there when them tears bein dried by the sink (damn) It was cold in the winter, my community centers who gave me dinner I ain't mind, my table chairs gave me splinters (haha!) Set up to be loser but was made to be a winner (look) If they paint hip-hop I bet my face be in the picture If they wrote a rap bible bet my name be in the scriptures If shorty say I'm her idol bet her face be in my zipper (woo!) I came a long way from the staples in my scrilla Stains on my pants, hardly had a gut The ladies ain't wanna dance so house parties would suck All my friends on the wall, I'm in the hall with a couple Nah I ain't complainin, just tellin y'all what it is So if y'all goin through it now just know that another kid made somethin outta nothin, well I'm frontin, I was never nothin Older ladies used to tell my mother "Ain't he somethin?" (oww) I look at a lot of you cats and laugh Cause I'm the shit man, and y'all ain't even passin gas When I spit I'm the definition of mastered craft And all y'all ask about is Aftermath  motherfucker move on! Move on... Move on... Move on... [Joe Budden] L-look, look; I gotta give my own interview Since niggaz that do my interviews focus on whatever's miniscule (like!) Or paint me as a cynical, but the canvas'll limit you (dawg) You can't go beyond what there's no limit to If I think hip-hop is dead I think it's being revived And that comes from me being inside Where the demons get by, see 'em good-bye, if I'm vehement here's why Come from hearin it seein ve-nom-ous lies (oh!) So the beast in me cries, cause when it's all you hear Shit can overbear, just when the obey near And so I try to think straight cause when you stare in the rear Rest in peace Stewart Shakir, nigga yeah! I'm on another label, not that other label That mean it's no longer my problem, it's theirs Some say it's a conspirac' I say if e'rybody's on the throne, that's just more motive to kill the heir Ask me 'bout "Pump it Up" and I'ma think you SHEEP Or you must not know I'm DEEP! I'm so off of music so y'all could SoundScan every week Me? I just got my lil' man every week Jersey City loves me despite y'all beliefs (why?) Cause they was baby steppin, I showed 'em how to leap (ohh!) Ask me about swag - I'ma change the topic to lyrics  and then brag, plus look at you like a fag I love e'rybody, don't ask 'bout who I beefed with They burned the bridge but they was standin underneath it I'm on my grind, Benjamin huntin Was old since I was young, call me Benjamin Button And stop usin slang just for you to be cool Cause I go BACK to when it was cool to be you I'm a hero (nah) No I mean I'm Hiro from "Heroes," y'all chase zeroes Muh'fucker I just got finished hatin ME feelin like a zero They played DeNiro, never been there though So before your next thought, understand Know it's MUCH more to me than the man Either that or move on Yeah, move on Keep out trouble (ya mean?) Good around here Muh'fucker move on Don't ask me 'bout no old shit No choice, either that, or you could move on [Royce Da 5'9"] It's, it's Nickel My rhyme's reflection of Scarface and Preme's soul Before Jordan was wearin fo'-five, I just look like this, I just seem old But I had to bleed the blood of a Dirty motherfucker to suffer clean clothes and touch what a king holds The real estate market is harsh, everything goes from foes to who you was doin everything fo' But I cut 'em off and move on to the new checks New friends chasin my new ends with new threats Watchin my dreams fold, like a stack of bills in the pocket of who ain't tryin to push up daffodils But we the supergroup You couldn't handle this shit if you was standin before us carryin a pooper-scoop You dealt with shady shit? I dealt with Shady shit But I'm the only one can truly say I dealt with Shady's shit (that's me!) I mean that with all respect to Paul and Sheck But Ryan and Marshall is all you get (that's it) My flow's superb, I love Paulie Rosenberg What I say in a track, those just words (woo!) Baby boy forgive me, I'm just street Cause I can change into anything niggaz want me to be like Mystique I don't gotta dig deep To realize Slim bought Big Proof a big jeep Because he deserved it; how can I mourn the same way Shady did over him when he knew him when he attended Osbourne? (yes!) Marshall I'm sorry (sorry) I knew it went left (left) I ain't into fuckin my family like incest If you remember Ice used to be my life's interest Tell Hailie my wife just had a princess Since I made up with Em it's nothin else  that I can move on from, so who wants some? Like a jar of Grey Poupon You gotta ask anybody in any car, one of them move on You gotta quit askin about a nigga! I'm tired of this shit (nigga move on) Just like the rest of the Slaughterhouse is tired of this shit Shut the fuck up - woo! (motherfucker move on) Royce Da 5'9" don't give a fuck, about none of that shit! Yeah (tryin to stop niggaz, move on) We just tryin to make this money motherfucker It's, it's.. woo! [Crooked I] Yeah, yeah; When fans picture my interviews They think I'm in a swimmin pool with women who been abused So they turn into strippers makin they livin in the nude One in the middle blowin my inner tube, while the interviewer's gettin ridiculed Is this your vision? Cool; let me give you a little jewel Any dude who wanna sit in my tennis shoes is missin SCREWS Don't get it misconstrued, don't get this shit confused I'm two seconds from prison food, I'm a different dude! Pistol in my reach man, still in Long Beach man Hopin if my grind don't help me get out, my speech can I been in the streets longer than Yao Ming's wingspan You can be MTV, I'll be C-SPAN I deal with politics, bandannas and hollow tips Half you rappers follow this, role models can swallow DICK! Was stressed out over cash flow Hip-Hop used to console my soul, now it's a bunch of assholes Rap about a dance while I'm targetin cops Spit some shit for Oscar Grant, hit the sergeant with shots Make him a +Ghost+ like he part of The Lox I won't stop recordin, 'til I'm makin songs harder than 'Pac's If it don't happen, at least a nigga know he right there (I'm right there!) Every memory under my Dodger hat's a nightmare! As a kid I had to steal breakfast And now the best question you have to ask me, "Is this a real necklace? Where's your beat from Dre? Your feature from Cube?" These things leave people confused Cause they know I leave speakers abused, I eat the EQs I eat through the beat, what's the secret? I think it's the SHOES! Back in Cali niggaz blaze and stress Waitin on "Detox" to save the West, ha ha Even if the shit is dope it ain't givin you niggaz hope unless your signature's wrote on a check from Interscope  NOPE! Move on, move on West, Coast, knahmean? West Coast move on And all that shit in the past about me bein on Death Row? Move on, or get moved on Ha ha, SLAUGHTERHOUSE! Biatch! Artist: Pharoahe Monch f/ Jean Grae, Royce Da 5'9" Album: W.A.R. (We Are Renegades) Song: Assassins Typed by: FirstLineRhyme@gmail.com [Introduction] In 2013, the World Government placed sanctions against freethinking individuals in order to force people to adhere to one way of life An independently funded organization called (garbled speech) hired 100 assassins to infiltrate the headquarters where files were kept Of these 100, 97 were captured, tortured, and executed Only three remained The third of which was said to own an arsenal that would rival an entire city's police force The second was rumored was to be able to move throughout space and time And the first... [Jean Grae] Fasten your seat belts for the last of the three assassins on earth  The first flashing her purse where the heat's stashed They call me Jean McCoy, beast in thee employ deploy deplorable, through audible destructive actions, attractive decoy Then pass it to Troy, after I'm passing your life over  He'll deliver it through river Styx, Hades I'm cold, deliberate, ladies, my foes limited pray me some praise (whisper it) stay on your toes, villains, it's Grae and your day's whittling Blistering lines packed in sick, stick to spine Racked with a sick mind, trapped in thick bitch frame  Drug you with strychnine, in nine drinks you drunk and it's my kidney, you dickbrain, I'm just itching to slit veins Stitch lines, Rick James, Fuck yo lives, sip brains, bitches Niggas, kick rocks, or kick rhymes, it's to the pain  liquor riddled liver, sieve in it, sipping it like Capri Sun ignint as ever, she's clever, equivalent be none  A ball breaker, call fakers out with passion You got the gall bastard, to brawl with the broad brashest?  The balls in your court, pass it But warning, fall faster than asses with age slack on the back of a Kardashian The walls crash in, you all on the floor gasping the gas pour in the corridor, racking your jaws, blacking out Catch Grae backing out the back door cackling  still make it back to the bar for last call [Two.] [Pharoahe Monch] They ask me why I'm highly regarded, this god body probably Monch is a mixture of Marcus Garvey, Miles Davis, and Bob Marley (Radical) Never skateboard slang like "gnarly" More like, we in our whip on our way to the top like Charles Barkley You are hardly prepared to spar with a marksman spot me I'm Gambit with the ace of spades, a master in archery (Funiculi) Funicula, particularly the vernacular Specifically the fits so when I spit it's spectacular and accurate When I attack I'm more Legend than Acura Flip Bloomberg the bird, bitch, more blood than Blacula More Christian scriptures encrypted with backwards vernacular But sicker than most of Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction I am, that nigga for real Per capita smackin' the next rapper that uses the term "swag" or thereafter These three assassins get to ass whippin' Prepare to for a professional ass that can shape shifts spit, hollow tip clips mainly Sick, ain't he? (Mind control) Make you shoot your best friend in the face, Dick Cheney My life is like a documentary film depicted in black and white, flicks grainy (Geronimo!) I'm on Guantanamo Bay takin' pics in a Captain Morgan pose With my left foot on a pile of detainees screamin' "we are renegades!" Fuck you. Pay me (Jean Grae) Two. Where the fuck...no. Where the fuck is three? (Pharoahe Monch) I know. I know. He's gonna be here He gave me his word, trust me (Jean Grae) Yeah, but he does this every time (Pharoahe Monch) He's gonna be here trust me (Jean Grae) He's gonna ruin this mission for us again (Pharoahe Monch) Look, here he comes now [Royce Da 5'9"] I be ridin' around with a stripper slash Burlesque model I make it pop like my cock in Durex condom I'm a -- opposite artist I find irony in goin from bein' like a stone in the grass to rockin' the Garden The same irony as goin' from fully automatic in the backyard to havin' the whole machine behind me I take my Australian bitches and show some other thangs She know my stroke is deadly so she gave me bloody brain Don't try to get familiar, if I don't feel you in person I'll flip the script and I'll accidentally kill you on purpose The baddest when I'm flailing, I got so many furs PETA gonna paint splash me when they see me, no matter what I'm wearin Your bitch bout to open up, sniff some blow off of my dick Guess you could say she on my coconuts I'm on point like Chris Paul you on point like an Atlantic City hooker that licks balls I'm bout to flip in this bitch like Dominique Dawes and shut shit down like a car when it stalls I am the deadliest rapper, you claimin' that you flow like water but really ya'll niggas Evian backwards Marshall hit the jackpot with this flow that I got I know when I'm hot It's my show to stop holdin' my crotch My whip cleaner than Amish men in honest ends two dimes with me like I'm a twin cause I'm a ten [Pharoahe Monch] Okay... I'm in The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Promise f/ Probz, Supastition & Royce Da 5'9" Album: More Than Music Song: Change Typed by: timm2014@hotmail.com [Intro] [News caster speaking] In entertainment news; urban music sales have gone down considerably over the last five years This decline has caused major concern with the record labels within the music industry In today's news another shooting in the city has brought the total number of murders to 921 An increase of 12% over the last year. It's time for change [Verse One] [Promise] I feel like I put out so many songs I've been out so very long They notice my flow every show that I'm on I make hits but no, I'm no Barry Bonds I am not the best But I flow solo, got my own logo ironed on my chest I flew so low so if you won't go  And speak to people in need, dying and depressed Then I gotta rap for the people workin' 9 to 5 Dyin' alive, tired at the desk So they takin' pills, just to pay the bills Cause now-a-days birds ain't flyin' from their nest They're scared of heights We're at an all time low We quick to breed, but we're all dyin' slow All I know is I already paid my dues I'm just sayin' it's time for change [Chorus] [Probz] Change Come on, let us try something that we never did before Wooah  It's time for change Come on, let us have something that we need Woooah It's time for change [Verse Two] [Supastition] For way to many years I've been unnoticed Now my bitterness, I'm trying to get rid of it and control it When I compose it  Everyone focus on them tough actin', clack slingin' gun toters The rap scene is an endangered species Everyone but Cubebase is slangin' a CD It Takes A Nation Of Bootlegers To Hold Us Back The game ain't been the same since P.E. Your mixtape? Is downright scolded by the media Your album? People downloaded and deleted it This is what I waited all my life for? To get appreciated you got to go overseas with it Rappin' for Japanese and Norwegians Back home they don't even care if you even breathin You know it's a shame when you go from trying to blow To tryin' to break even It's time for a change [Verse Three] [Royce Da 5'9"] We can't be stayin' the same Therefore we must evolve, trust me y'all I've been around the world and back Been an eyewitness to Many things, I'm feelin' God's existence Gangsta's bangin' User's shootin' Slanger's slangin'  Bush recruitin' We should be goin' to war with racist teachin' A happy Catholic child hates his preacher Dime is gold Don Imus knows, you should go "Boy those some nappy headed hoes" You blame hip hop like it's our fault I ain't sayin' we ain't supposed to do our part You should be more clear what's in your CD player If we need censorship, he needs prayer Why is we still tryin' to divide the game? We should be tryin' to unify it the same It's time for change The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sean Price f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Kimbo Price Song: Goodnite!!! Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Mike Tyson] You're never gonna forget about me Your great-grandkids are gonna say "Wow, wasn't that a bizarre individual?" (Goodnight!) [Sean Price] Word up, goodnight The fuck, don't like none of y'all niggaz Word up, goodnight The fuck... Word up, goodnight The fuck, don't like none of y'all niggaz I'ma holla on that nigga I don't like him either, yo (KIMBO~!) Word up, goodnight The fuck, don't like none of y'all niggaz I'ma holla on that nigga I don't like him either, yo Shit on your hood, y'all niggaz ain't shit in the hood Take a dump on your champion and shit on your hood Leave my Boot Camp stamp in the hood, size 12 I beat bass out of your face, you Rahzel I lift barbells, I stick bars well Y'all niggaz got cream but soft like Carvel Pah my cartel from Kingston kill shit My Brownsville {*car tires squeal*} these niggaz they steal shit Yeah the klepto con, you scared that I'm hold it my hand to kill you duke so let go mine Sean P bastard rhyme, past my prime What's life without rap though? Pass the nine Right or wrong, heh, I'm right and wrong Best believe everything the God write is Sean - P! [Royce] Royce 5 Messiah, ridin to Sean, distance Chrome lips sittin higher up on the rim than LeBron's I touch weight, that nina got one in the head I call them clips Jon and Katie, cause they plus 8 I got the booth poppin, don't ask about the album Come with 'em, ask him, ask him when the next flu droppin Sick~! I don't blog, I bury More horsepower in the Murcielago carries I got bitches that hit niggaz for me And I'll send 'em to your crib like Chicago Larry Ooooooh! The internet tryin to indict a man The web changin the world like fuckin Spider-man The pack's in back y'all buyin all 24 hours a day I'm fryin 'em, but I ain't no diner Y'all niggaz can be musclebound as you want, y'all pussies I treat you niggaz like the vagina on Chyna! [Sean Price] I don't even.. I don't like nobody Give a fuck... I know you don't like me, don't got to I don't like you neither, fuck you nigga! I don't even like niggaz who act like me I don't give a fuck though, knahmean? That's just how I am Fuck y'all niggaz, P, P! [Mike Tyson] Man listen right? I don't know nothin about bein the heavyweight champion Only thing I know is how to fight, right? I'm a nigga, right? No really really really, really I'm not sayin like, I'm a black person I'ma, I'ma street person I don't even want to be a street person I don't even like, I don't even like typical street people But but that's just who I became and what happened in my life and the tragedies in life that made me that way But, you know I'm Mike You know I'm not malevolent or anything, I just am {*echoes*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Royce Da 5'9", Cormega Album: Spell My Name Right: The Album Song: Back Against the Wall Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com (*Sample plays in the background throughout the song*) [Intro - Royce Da 5'9" - talking] (Sample) Yeah, aiyyo Statik, my family You know how sometimes you just feel like ya Like your back is against the wall You might go through a particular situation or something (Sitting here waiting for tomorrow) It ain't gotta be jail It could be, what you goin through in your life Like the industry or some bullshit So I think you need to put together The right type of motherfuckers You could put the realest niggaz you could think of on this record And just kick real shit, know what I'm talkin 'bout? Royce Da 5'9" [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] They try to have your man slavin, back to the pavement, ass to the floor Thinkin of raps as spit through the cracks in the door Learnin how to accept losses Writin to the sound at night of the depths walkin To the rhythm of keys jinglin, cells openin Inmates hopin that he thinks his bail rollin in When it's over, it's back to totin That's for sure as, back to clappin that fo' fo' again Popos know it's him and they know it's 'Mega too So we roll around the city like we just as dead as you Bet if you, threaten us nigga, then the threat is you You know that they say restin in heaven betters you Therefore I can +Make Him Better+ like Ne-Yo Tell him I said and tell 'em don't be tellin my PO Statik Selek' and Cormega, Nickel That is the lesson, Showoff Records, that is official [Chorus - Sample] Back against the wall Back against the wall (back against the wall) Back against the wall (Keep your head up) Back against the wall (back against the wall) [Cormega talking over Chorus] Uh, uh, yeah, yo [Verse 2 - Cormega] I adapt to all, whether real or fake When my back against the wall, I make the building shake Like G Fresh and Ron Love, can you relate? The flow is cocaine raw, I can't feel my face Niggaz think shit's sweet 'til I give 'em a taste Of de-feat, even Kings fear a lyrical ace Don't make requests if we ain't friends, give me my space You throwin stones? Kick rocks, ready y'all ain't On my level, I'm one of the thoroughest to ever spit with +Fire and Desire+ like Rick James, (I'm 'Mega bitch) Don't ever shit where you sleep or you'll smell a stint A lot of people sittin in cells from carelessness Ruin lives and neutralize the tenements I've been in this shit since B.I.G. was Chris And Reaganomics enslaved the projects Niggaz had to deal to live (Deal to live), ya heard me? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Statik Selektah f/ Royce Da 5'9", Termanology Album: 100 Proof: The Hangover Song: Come Around Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Sample from "Sparrow" by Marvin Gaye] - w/ ad libs I used to, singing, baby Oh, around why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? (You-You good if you know me) Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? (You good if you know me) Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Anything you want to sing about Just sing it on out, now, sing it on out Let the world know what life's all about [Termanology - talking over the end of the Intro] Come on, (Statik Selektah), 'ology baby What, uh [Break - Sample from "Sparrow" by Marvin Gaye - behind Verse 1] Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Anything you want to sing about, just Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Anything you want to sing about [Verse 1 - Termanology] Jeffrey Dahmer, Ready Freddy, Nirvana All day, now kicks white like baby powder You a coward, give you a lead shower It's ours, me and Stat' the Twin Towers +I Gave You Power+, this is that Nas shit My weed sour and I pushed powder Now I write, DX, Double X More checks, swallow X, cold Becks Slow steps, cop shit like Pro Keds Dame Dash of rap, I push cold vets So let's get it in for my twins All my friends in the Benz with their friends runnin triz Jacuzzi, movie, the bonita'll move me My lucy lovin and loogie'll prove to me she a groupie bitch Stupid chips in the whip, makin movie clips Robbin banks with +five nines+, killin the music bus' [Chorus - Sample from "Sparrow" by Marvin Gaye] - w/ ad libs Just sing it on out, now sing it on out Let the world know what life's all about Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? (You-You good if you know me) Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? (You good if you know me) Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Anything you want to sing about Just sing it on out, now, sing it on out Let the world know what life's all about [Royce Da 5'9" - talking over the end of the Chorus] Woo! Alright, I'm here, hahaha [Break - Sample from "Sparrow" by Marvin Gaye - behind Verse 2] Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Anything you want to sing about, just Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Around Around, why don't you? Around, why don't you? Sing about a melody, aww [Verse 2 - Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel is, Statik is, Term' is, how could you possibly top me? Them poppers is choppy, lookin like my whole block is a rocky Me and hip-hop go together like swastika and Nazi Together like Tupac and "who shot me?" Together like the new President Barack and the hot seat (haha) I'm ever so evidently colder than y'all Even after y'all niggaz go to the morgue I got a flow like there's no tomorrow That you couldn't hold or borrow or bite it Easy said, harder to write it I got the brain of a miser, heart of a lion Got the spit game of a geyser, the art of Orion Y'all niggaz losin weight daily like the real Carson Excuse the psychology like Dr. Phil fartin (haha) Lyrical sword that I'm still sharpenin AK-47, I'm still sparkin [Chorus] - w/ ad libs The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist:Statik Selektah f/ Reks, Ea$y Money, Royce Da 5'9" and Paula Campbell Album: Stick 2 the Script Song: Take it All Back Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro] "Let's take a sec to think back, think back" - Buckshot Shorty "M-m-m-my physical frame is celebrated cause I made it" - Nas [Break - Paula Campbell - singing] Baby I, I, take it all back I wish I, could, take it all If only I could, take it all back [Verse 1 - Reks] Weight of the world on your shoulders, I just added to Your stress, benchpressed, I had an attitude You was so young, tryin to raise a son, in the slums, where the sun barely shine Momma I'm just thinkin of the times I blamed you, but should have blamed me Cause mainly I was selfish, family  Shouldn't be distant, as a child I should have just listened Shit I was in, you do to self kept me sickenin Vocal smoke sniffin, daddy pimpin I wish when daddy died, I was more convincin Bein a better man, to better Pam, Christine, Braylon Tryin to make amends, want to redeem feelin Cause me admittin my wrong, not a recipe for this song It's therapy for the soul (oh whoa, whoa), know as long  As you livin, I'm telling ya ma Whatever wrong I said before, I want to [Chorus - Paula Campbell] - w/ ad libs Take it all back I take it all I take it all I take it all I take it all back Hey, ewww I wish, I wish I wish that I could, take it all back [Verse 2 - Ea$y Money] Yeah, hey yo, years of the drama  Everyday I used to wipe tears from my momma When I ran wild, didn't care for maana  When I used to hustle, my man would struggle, when I wouldn't spare him a dollar Rap to the essence, my dumbass as an adolescence  Maybe I should've asked a few questions The court cases, nights in jail Livin the past five years of my life on bail When I wilded out and pop nines crazy Beef with his mom, but not my baby The gats that squirt, my man layin in the casket hurts Shit even my ass to church All them times that I mistreated my exes Got mad at 'em and just skeet on the next chick F's with them sleazy hunnies (baby) But if I took it all back, then I wouldn't be Ea$y Money Now would I? [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Verse 3 - Royce Da 5'9"] Kind of like coexistin with the whack when you extra nice (nice) Livin with regrets, but regrets is life Play the game, play the cards your dealt the price (price) Pray for it, short tote and extra dice In preparation for the next life Time waits for no man, we stand by for the next flight For every second we lose, we gain wisdom But people try to take back things that pain gives them Life ain't sweet, the Lord ain't say it was fair The price ain't cheap, I'm sure that I'm payin for prayer For granted I take and sometimes my honor deceives  I'm only on my knees at times when I'm in need Baptized in black lies, momma please That shit got to be classified as some kind of greed Sometimes I feel I might waste it all, livin with no faith at all In God, the Devil tryin to take it all (all, all) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs (Statik Selektah, Statik Selektah) [Outro - Paula Campbell - singing] - w/ ad libs It'll be alright If I could take it all back (Take it all) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway & Tech f/ Chino XL, Common, Royce Da 5'9 Album: Back 2 Basics Song: Enough Beef Typed by: Lemming0O@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Yeah Sway and Tech nigga My name is 5'9 Y'all been in the game for a minute Shout out to GangStarr What up Prim' (back to basics) A lot of shit has happened, since I started rappin A lot of shit has happened, since I started rappin A lot of shit has happened, since I started rappin There's been enough beef, and enough gat clappin [Royce da 5'9] Yeah I'da became a target From the bottom became the hardest artist in the game The first time they started to market my name I started to change Smart but hardly could think logically The insane part of me layin inside of me says pardon me so I part with the same side of me I hang out with the same guys Either they not noticin the game changin me or they ain't watchin me Bitches sayin, "hi" to me Niggaz who ain't hot as me Picturin me slain niggaz gettin plain tired o' me Lookin down at 'em when he got the same drive as me We the same niggaz aim just as high as me Everything is the same with us but the thing is that I came in here with a different anxiety Hopefully the day I retire is approachin me lookin back like those were the days I was fly (But y'all gon' learn) from the mistakes to wait and to be patient wrong turns did take up a lot of time But I finally found my way around now I'm wiser I thank God that I made it out alive [Common] One man rises another falls To discover all is one and one is all I come to call like Jericho with the trumpets It's wild and the honeys gramps and the Kwa hummin The Lord soon comin From glow some grow Many stay stunted songs with the shorties knowin I learn from the keep the dumb shit from my circumference I run with niggaz that wanted and done it the hunted and blunted L said it gotta come from the stomach To me the stomach is the voice of the Lord The revolutionary people's choice the award Seein souls move forward Ghosts move toward new homes and new floors for us to rise to In the attic tapin up my Bible thinkin I cannot apply to survival The un-American Idol seein by the size of those times I put it in my rhymes A lot of shit has happened [Chino XL] Yo, welcome lambs to the slaughter It's the most important moment in my life since the birth of my daughters Regardless, all is well in the universe put man track, and Chino who cannot spit a wack verse My first CDs basically made me Marky Mark with the whole planet of the apes chasin me Here to save you all now rap ain't worth savin but I can't get the pavement with gay shit like Craig David Vocal arrangements even basic I'm still the hottest nigga to spit inside of my cousin Tigga basement I've no replacement for what's seeming like ages I ain't no hypochondriac complainin I stay sick Standin ovations for acapellas shitiations I get better with agens everybody's observation Starvation to brawl the last samurai Take an eye for an eye till the world goes blind I'm bovine Raging bull words are my weapons hoping not over ya head like cangos in '87 I move from Jers' to Cali' fillin the love Move moms to Miami promised I would Beef 'n drama i've been you wouldn't last through What's funny motherfucker I wanna laugh too But now I'm ready to get rich old dog new tricks Told L could dig to China with chopsticks When I switch to the big leagues this year with no fear Cuz who'd even believe that I'd be here The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and Tech f/ Canibus, Chino XL, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Back 2 Basics Song: I Wish You Would Typed by: Lemming0O@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Sway and King Tech Bringin it back to basics Mic skills You know what I'm sayin 2005 Keepin it live Can-I-Bus, Chino XL, and Royce Da 5'9" [Royce Da 5'9"] The cold shoulder holdin the frozen boulder of ice Chosen type to the poor polisher Just let go of my foes shit let go of they mics Just let go of they souls before the 4-4 At night you wanna send them you higher in the sky When god meant you to fly 'til Christ blows over The Farrakhan and the most soldiers the headliner The show close and the doors close the shows over The pope spoke and potently the marijuana The coast to coast coke leaf the dope beats So close to the pope he can show Moses No competin is no for the poor closer My whole M-O-Ps M-O mister simple M-O-B N-O-T ya N-O I been on Leno don' diss don' hit the thrown My head's growin The crown don't fit (don't fit, don't fit, don't fit) I wish you would (Not beef it'll never settle) I wish you would (You never know who's got the heavy metal) I wish you would (Violate minds put holes in your riddle) I wish you would (Get the knocked the fuck out) [Canibus] I carry niggaz like a brute with a screw face Carryin a suitcase with his picture in today's newspaper To pay the cops to make cargo drops I wish you would talk shit about me on the wrong block Get a high performance shot on the spot Soon as you park the drop Give a fuck if you a star or not Genital hip hop or that you just stand down nigga Don't let me hafta beat you up with your fans around nigga Fuck who you roll with ya mans a clown nigga A couple quick snapshots you outta the picture Put you on the A-list Ya faceless assassin looks like Ghostface before 36 Chambers Hang around gorillas ya frigates becomes apists Behave your modication I slap you when you say shit Pull ya pipe out we could go there too You get blasted with a most hair crew In your head and your jewels Plus ya back in ya chest to be cruel If I say don't run and you do I'm dumpin you fool The moonlight blessed me The vibes direct me You might be better than me but not directly Perfect rap muscles public enemy half a double Do the math I'm a classic rebel I wish you would try to dance with the devil I'll wet you but pet you Chop ya arms off hand you a shovel Never stare at you keep it professional Hit you with a hand full of metal You be face down when I bury you After that I wish somebody would try to remember you I kill you on the mic that's the simplest simple truth (truth, truth, truth) [Chino XL] Imagine a world without Chino XL bein illest No one raps landlord murderin all my tenants Hurdling over an image harmonicas by Bruce Willis Avoidin women like monica them types that try to kill us I don't write verses, I write controverses Harder than controllin Anthony Anderson's sexual urges You nervous at my foul ability to smile while Killin off ya family child by child Mutual respect it's wild cats like KRS in Miami Music's my apprentice Donald Trump couldn't fire me Any sticky drama beef physically imma strike back Vin Diesel was like Chino nigga how'd ya arms get like that I sit back simplify the style (monumental) Cuz niggaz keep missing the point like a broken pencil Street education I slip it in like white boys who think they down Threw the word nigga inside their conversation Back of cryogenic hibernation The lyrical Benicio Del Toro up for ya oscar consideration Not a adjulation they show my battle raps on cinemax To open ya eyes I drive a cadillac through ya cataracts Some raw like Puerto Rican birth control after sippin rum Got 99 problems but a verse ain't one Since 14 been in the street of my own Don't cry for me like Evita Peron Find my mind iller than Nina Simone Backpedalin like Sly Stallone on a 10 speed Smokin weed in a world where everybody's against me See I'm more than famous The public school system plans class trips to my projects to watch me twist the language I'm dangerous as swarms of locusts wanted with niggaz that's broke as Handcuffin soldiers that sold for some dotal emotions I notice ya cd for 99 cent what Blank cds a dollar fifty you make more from shut the fuck up (the fuck up, the fuck up) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sway and King Tech f/ Royce the 5-9 Album: Wake Up Show Freestyles Vol. 5 Song: Royce the 5-9 Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com [Royce 5-9] Yo yo, check it yo You get laced by the gun in case you try to run Hatred on my face by the ton, get baked by the sun Constructed of interplanetary rock and metal Toppin levels of combustion that's hot enough to stop the devil Innovative thrust that a enemy The impact'll be the generated destructive energy that flatten trees Black boy since birth, burst and tore the womb up Hit the earth like a asteroid and blew the moon up Trust me, I'm the epitome, you better bust me Any cat can say 'F me and he gon' touch me Smokin organic gonga inside of a stanza Me and my man psycho smoke ? wit volcanic lava Man and it's hot, I'm outta my---  From the bottom, I can leap out of bottomless pit and land at the top Raw, that's what I came out here for To raise an eclipse and an occasional trip to the beer store And switch up, to breed of MC and stick a bitch up Figure of speech to reach in the sea and pick a fish up I'm fly against all laws of gravitation I done crushed all of ya'll, now you want a collaboration? But F that, you stepped up so I'ma put your rep up And tear the rest up wit every joint that I press up Handlin heat and ammo, bullets passin you by Challengin me to battle, man you askin to die Narrow off niggas and squeeze a grenade until it's dissolved Bite the barrel off a revolve and spit it Then forget it, I earned it I'll kill you then come to your funeral and strangle you to confirm it Minds carry malaria sick, ask cats who the best is You hear 5-9 in every area Huntin your head, punchin you dead, you ain't nice I battled you before but I don't remember nuttin you said You was wack, I was gon' quit on it till I thought My dick is big enough for all ya'll niggas to get on it Makin ya high off of the smoke, offer your coat Makin ya'll join that big hip hop nation in the sky And it's easy, belive me, you better been frontin When you said you was hot Cuz you couldn't please me if you was beggin me The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tech N9ne f/ Irv Da Phenom, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Bad Season Song: Curious (What Up Wit Ya Girl) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Tech N9ne] + (woman) Damn baby, that was real good (Mmm, do you think they heard us downstairs papi?) I think they heard us downstairs, next door to that And next door to that, y'knowmsayin? (Hahaha) "Whoooo, Kiiiiiid!" [Tech N9ne] Yeah, that was good baby, puss crazy Could maybe you turn on the fan cause it's a good 80 in here right now, we were steamy like wow Bangin like wow, question babe, you my pal, right? This might not sound right, but your girl is down right There's clowns type and she right below us hearin our sexy soundbytes And Kutty is sittin down there with her actin like he just found Christ Tellin her he's married so I'm in a hurry to get her crown wiped Listen, I'm ready to do this thing, enough of wishin Do you think she would come up and get in our fuck position? Don't be lookin at me like I'm crazy baby, it's just suspicion And I never had eyes for your past homies, but I does for this one Cause she's a X, the Roman numeral for 10's a X and the last letter in sex, wanna smash and get her then press Why you lookin at me like I'm ig-nant? You should be pitchin this  to your homegirl then I can do both of you like a polygamist So are you diggin, it? Do you gotta get twist-ed to get up the nerve to run to her and get her in this, bed? Looks like you're stressin but the Scorpio in me ask the question I really like sexin you but the two of you would be a blessin [Chorus 2X: Tech N9ne] What up wit ya girl? I want to enjoy Would you tell your girl, to get up wit ya boy And I'm diggin on you, but I'm still curious You're lookin at me like I'm playin but I'm dead serious [Irv Da Phenom] Now babe - I'm hopin you don't take this wrong girl But ever since you came up in here wit your homegirl I had my eye on you, and her too And honestly I'm thinkin that I want you both, girl I - know it may sound a little bit ridiculous, a little sick and twisted If you ain't wit it then I would understand Cause when I'm thinkin of somethin a little kinky and freaky-deaky You seem kind of timid but on the other hand Know what they say 'bout them showers, and it must be true Look at you sittin there blushin hard and you smilin while your homegirl's sittin right beside ya Every time I look up she's starin into my eyes and I just wonder (hmmm) do you ladies like to share? Shower with each other, have you ever took it there? (yeah?) Teamwork makes the dream work So how about we take it to the room - you, me and, her? [Royce Da 5'9"] Uhh, I'm so street when I speak, my speech scrape the sewer I don't wanna meet your girlfriend, I want you to take me to her Uh-uh, I ain't mature I'm gettin head outside of my ride when I'm drivin, Ace Ventura I come from mad Mitten, I move two bad chicks in Like "Three's Company" honey, I know, I'm +Jack Trippin+ She like to try and kiss me She said her name was Janet, I said call me Nickel, now let's go find Chrissy I'm not gon' lick the box, but I try to keep you happy I call my nigga Big Scooby, he'll come and eat ya +Shaggy+ I know I act bold It's just that me, you and her made the perfect combination like a track code I was taught by them eaters to double yo' plate I'ma be cummin 'til one of you got the Juggalo face Woo-woooo, I'm just kiddin Though I am persistant, I got a question, listen "Whoooo, Kiiiiiid!" [Outro] Bad Season Artist: Tefla & Jaleel f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Direkt Neben Dir Song: Wir Sind Rap Typed by: bcrulez@ruffryders.com * * send corrections to the typist [Royce Da 5'9"] Tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick... boom nigga... Yeah.. our rhymes bust in english and in german Yeah yeah, Tefla and Jaleel, Phlatline Records Yeah nigga uh yeah yeah Detroit yeah [Royce Da 5'9"] Yo yo yoyoyo I was tryin to hang till the raid is over Rolling nothing but a whole brigade of soldiers I was young holdin guns I kept one with me In a flatbed in a back of a F-1-50 I get it I don't drink Cris but still get it still Case I gotta go upside and niggas had with it Never see me follow the hype I drink Bacardi Lemon Six dollars a pipe ten swallows a night I keep my gun cocked at my waist Cause I don't have neither time nor shots to waist Not today witness wish to watch at a bris Wrong man but I used to be a bad boy like the Lox That makes nigga my scenes fire I mean it Keep my killers like I keep my bitches clean and quiet Cause my rhymes all proper so hard to draw stop it We large baller blockers Royce 5 9... [Chorus - Tefla & Jaleel] (Rapdudes) aus dem Weg (Tefla & Jaleel) wir sind Rap (Royce Nickel 9) das steht fr Ihr flippt und schreit wir spitten und stylen (Rapdudes) aus dem Weg (Tefla & Jaleel) wir sind Rap (Royce Nickel 9) das steht fr Ihr flippt und schreit wir spitten und stylen [Jaleel] Aiyyo HOLLA!! der Sound pumpt und formt Schieb den Shit nach vorn Chemnitz sprengt die Norm Jaleel hittet beats und fllt Clubs im Kiez Zeig mir wenn du mit uns unten bist und dicken Rap liebst yeah Wir knn` auch Spa haben, bring deinen Arsch zum wackeln Denn wir entertainen das game und burn die scene wie Fackeln Lassen deals platzen wenn Erpressung im Spiel ist Und Agenturen alle verarschen mit angeblicher Realness yeah Fick mit Phlatline Bitch und du liest Headline Bitch Chemnitz berrollt dein kack Stdtlein Bitch Ich hoff das Hip Hop Open ist bald open fr uns Ansonsten bleib ich hier und flex beim Splash! mit meinen Jungs Da feiern Heads auf nem Fest gemacht von Heads Unseren Sound Tefla Jaleel weil der Rest nur Schrott erzhlt Denn wir wollen flown, knnen flown wollen stylen knnen stylen Unser Sound lsst Hip Hop wieder scheinen [Chorus - Tefla & Jaleel] (Rapdudes) aus dem Weg (Tefla & Jaleel) wir sind Rap (Royce Nickel 9) das steht fr Ihr flippt und schreit wir spitten und stylen (Rapdudes) aus dem Weg (Tefla & Jaleel) wir sind Rap (Royce Nickel 9) das steht fr Ihr flippt und schreit wir spitten und stylen Klingeling euer Ding Ding hat keinen Swing Swing Bis jetzt glnz ich auf Beats doch bald mit Bling Bling Tefla sieh hin der Rap King im Rap Ding  Mit ich nehm den Rapstars den Ball- ab-Tackling Denn deutsche Rapper sehen aus wie BWLer  Ich gaukele vor sie drften servieren dann sperr ich sie in den Keller WHOOWW Ich wei seit eurem Album ihr habt dickere Floskeln Aber Tefla und Jaleel wir haben die dickeren Muskeln Sieh mich und dann meinen Partner den Hnen an Enter the stage und du fliegst sofort zurck zum Bhnenrand Muh'fucker yeah yor es geht nach oben wie Seerohr Ich will nicht weiter rappen wie je-der Man will freaky Flows hrn hnlich dem Rap entstanden im Phlatline Lab Du gibst mir ne Punshline ich krieg deine Punshline aber ich steck deine weg Jetzt offiziell ich kicke jeden MC egal wie bekannt er ist Und die, die ich alleine nicht platt krieg, regelt Jaleel fr mich Was ist? [Jaleel] hm.. junge was ist!? [Tefla] hhhhmmmm..... [Chorus - Tefla & Jaleel] (Rapdudes) aus dem Weg (Tefla & Jaleel) wir sind Rap (Royce Nickel 9) das steht fr Ihr flippt und schreit wir spitten und stylen (Rapdudes) aus dem Weg (Tefla & Jaleel) wir sind Rap (Royce Nickel 9) das steht fr Ihr flippt und schreit wir spitten und stylen Rapdudes The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Termanology f/ Akrobatik, Consequence, Crooked I, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Time Machine (Hood Politics VI) Song: Music Industry (Rmx) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Termanology] Termanology~! Consequence, Akrobatik, 5'9", Crooked I {"How far must you go to gain respect? Ummm"} Fizzy Wo' on the beat, c'mon [Termanology] Aiyyo, I ain't complainin 'bout a label not signin me I just got signed, my people like "Finally!" Took long enough but I ain't really sweat it I knew I'd get me a cheddick, pathetic the way we spend it Our relatives with the lettuce, invented venomous records Instead they rather us check in at college and get accredited Then if we ever quit it I did it, stayed on my shiddit Delivered quality records, regardless if they spit it and, shout out to real DJ's who always held me down And let me get up on they show when I get in town Let me spit a sixteen and play the hot shit Cause they in love with that real hip-hop shit Not for the profit and bread up in they pocket Jackin all of these flossin cats spittin that nonsense Consequence reppin N.Y.C. now Akrobatik he be reppin for the Bean now 5'9" he be reppin for the D now Crooked I reppin killa Cali now Fizzy Wo' stay reppin M.O.P. now Termanology, I'll still kill you with a freestyle [Chorus: scratched Q-Tip samples] "DJ to DJ" - "This is for all y'all" "It isn't easy" - "To gain respect, ummm" "Industry rule number four thousand and eighty,  record company people are shady" [Royce Da 5'9"] From the beats to the technique Table, streets to the 'net Keep blazin my raps before self baby, my jacket is flawless After I spit, I could turn around and put my lyrics back in the toilet That means I (I) spit that shit (shit) Radio don't want it but I still got chips (chips) +I Am Legend+ but not Will Smith Just, e'rybody else on the Earth don't exist [Crooked I] Adidas with no strings in 'em Levi's with the crease in 'em, Kangols I was seen in 'em Four-finger rings, yeah, I was sleepin 'em Ever since the beginnin I spit with extreme venom Now they don't respect rap phenomenons Only rappers who dancin like Omarion And I like Omarion But this is hip-hop homie, what kind of SHIT are we on? [Akrobatik] I came up in a time where the focus was rhyme And these rappers didn't come a dime a dozen And every drug dealer didn't sign they cousin Before every rap site online was buzzin, Ak was rugged But we know, record company people are shady though So I infultrated the radio Now I got daily flows, for all the fellas and the ladies yo I fall forward now they pay me dough, and yo [Consequence] Now what do I need to give a publicist a check for when I could get more press from playin Jay-Z in Connect Four? And when it seemed like my career was on death's door Five videos later, of course they gon' expect more Cause it feel like I was just this close to gettin y'all to feel the kid like Chris Stokes Cause anything that this kid wrote became a instant quote They circle back now, like "His shit's dope" So industry rule for 2008 As long as Cons' around ain't nobody that's safe As long as Term's around ain't nobody that's safe In this turnaround I'm goin straight for the safe, uh [Outro: scratched Q-Tip samples] "It-it-it-it-it.. it isn't easy" "A-all y'all, all y'all" "How far must you go to gain respect? Ummm" "Industry rule number four thousand and eighty,  record company people are shady" "This is for all y'all" - "shady, shady" "All y'all" "Shady" {*scratched to the end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Royce the 5-9 Album: Power Cypha 3: The Grand Finale Song: Royce the 5-9 Freestyle Typed by: Nature2QBC@aol.com *send all corrections directly to typist* [Royce] Yo, I'm runnin up on you Whether you packin or not, whether I'm packin or not Wit the intent to flatten your knot Shinin like ten diamonds, I been rhymin I write shit, the paint guides it, spit harder than ten hydrants Firin on who try to take mine This nigga here send you around and spin you around in the ground waist high I'm too authentic, I'll end it soon as you walk in it Who wanna holler, you'll get swallowed in a New York minute If your record is gold, then stay on your goals If you platinum listenin to me, stay on your toes Yo they done it now, I'm over the edge These niggas wanna stay underground, that's why the money's over their heads Undoubtebly rowdy, I'm possibly the hottest since the Rakim odyssey Got niggas sayin "How does he do it" Aiyyo I gotta be, cuz ain't a nigga hotter than me Go 'head lie to me, say you know somebody and I'll demolish you Fed up, I got rhymes to make you shut up Have you doubtin yourself, as to why you even have your head up I shit on, every contender I pick on Cuz whenever it's on I'm comin wit different levels to flip on Don't, whether you like it or not, give off smoke in the cyphering spot Cuz I'm liquid nitrogen hot You ain't did nuttin I ain't done If you ever said something dope I ain't said that It's probably on the tip of my tongue I've had it wit y'all, tryin to bring static and brawl Either I'ma kill you, or you ain't make me mad at all Phony-fuck clicks can suck dick You know Royce 5'9'' spit only rough shit  when it comes to this Tony Touch shit It's over, consider this laced I'll probably be the first nigga to get a Hip-Hop Quotable on a mixtape Yo Royce 5'9'', Detroit shine time what! Bad and Evil is comin soon The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Royce the 5'9" Album: The Piece Maker Song: Royce the 5'9" (Interlude) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Royce] Detroit, yeah.. Royce 5-9, Tony TOUCH! The year is two-thousand Mr. Quick-to-Slap-and-Punch Uhh uhh uhh uhh.. what? Yo yo I'm entirely too hard to listen to talk I get raw and get this clip and draw, send you to Mars Niggaz with hidden hearts get written off Find yaself bruh You barely know what your click is called, cowboy You wish you could spar with half of a mind Kill you with half of a line without a need to continue the bar It's a infamous art, not many can spit from the heart Turnin pens into darts It's what you call meant for the charts So rather I'm sayin, "Fuck you," and flippin you off Man these infinite thoughts in the bank, so enter the vault My visions assault your sister for description are lost Every time a nigga piss me off, stick on the wall So even when the nigga not lookin he listen and pause Forget it dog, when I spit at y'all, you shit in your drawers I'm comin at you from e'ry angle and the shit can be very painful So how you luh that? Scared ain't you.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Tony Touch f/ Crooked I, Joell Ortiz, Royce Da 5'9" (Slaughterhouse) Album: The Piece Maker 3: Return of the 50 MC's Song: Slaughter Session Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Royce] Yeah, 50 MC's We back at it again, Tony Touch {"Just Blaze!"} You KNOW You KNOW you can not put this project out without me You know that, hehe Family, YEAH, Nickel! [Royce Da 5'9"] If any one of you players in here oppose me I'll tear your season apart like D. Rose knee Call me the original gangster, O.G. I'll split your head to the white meat, poultry That's why my legacy starts where your era begins I've taken over this franchise like Jeremy Lin Y'all niggaz buyin your own albums, you pay to sell Who dare to compare an Alpha to a Beta male? You lames ain't as hot as me, look the other direction I'll turn your brain to cottage cheese like some butt injections Baby that naval piercin just ain't gon' work if your fuckin stomach lookin like some balled-up homework I'm the flyest nigga flyin here, Ryan yeah Pioneer, try me here, you're dyin here I am where the guided, where the iron, where? It's only Just, me and Tony Touch Sippin Patrn out a Styrofoam-y cup Nickel! [Crooked I] 50 MC's, how many fans can Tony +Touch+? Special hoes call us testicles, they know we nuts I'm the opposite of horny sluts - I don't give a fuck! When it come to shootin, I'm Kobe Clutch Uhh, put them on mute when they know the boss is speakin Our album comin out before it's s'posed to, that's how I leave 'em leakin Pussy, you tampon, I'm in San Juan with some Puerto Ricans that'll merk you in church, and ignore the deacon Ow~! I'm the god of the West Coast Lot of niggaz rappin over there, I'm the best though House Gang matchin in escrow, nigga my neck glow Like OD'in on coke, you'll get the death blow I +Run D's MC's+ like Master J Don't get it backwards like Paul Revere, rest in peace MCA (Yeah!) AK's, semis and clips I'm from Long Beach Eastside the city of Crips, cuz [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, yeah, you are now tuned in Man I hope you've been tuned in to the most influen- -tial beat-ruinin human being on fluid Puerto Rican speakin, check me out with the YAOWA movement I'm Mr. Everybody's Favorite Line Mr. Unofficial Remixer, hop on there and make it mine Mr. Stage Ripper, send that grip and ain't a place and time Mr. Never Front On The Hood, no Mercedes sign Mr. No Missus, just dope bitches takin fine licks of my from-behind, stick it 'til they taste the slime I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me (so?) Like I care! If it's weave in your hair I've got trees and a beer, meet me in the stairs Be careful cause last time you got pee on your gear I'll never change cause I touch cake, FUCK crushed grapes Give me Dutch papes and a Touch tape, fuck-face! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trick Trick f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: The Villain Song: All Around the World Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Intro: Trick Trick] Okay, hip-hop might be in a state of emergency But you can't really blame the artists Don't point the finger, y'knowmsayin? Let's do what we do, let them do what they do They all sayin the same shit anyway Let's do what we wanna do Trick Trick, Royce 5'9" [Trick Trick] Done all types of dirt all across the world And all kind of shows for you boys and girls (heyyy!) High schools to shows of nothin but old folks G.D.'s, blue rags, red rags and {?} Detroit to L.A., B-Ham to Jersey Atlanta to B.K., A-Z to V-A Now I done seen some strange shit But all around the world homeboy it's the same shit I'll tell you this; ain't got a gang of crews on these blocks (so what?) Heard it's a pretty bitch just itchin to get knocked (so what?) Lines of broads at these shows (so what?) With backstage passes and wantin to be chose (so what?) Everybody wanna be better than the next It's the same everybody claimin they better than the rest (oooh) Everybody got a Glock, everybody got a spot Everybody sell dope - WHO DON'T? Allllll arouuuuund the worrrrrld (it's the same old song homie) Rouuuuund and rouuuuund we goooo (yeah) Allllll arouuuuund the worrrrrld (it's just the same old song homie) Rouuuuund and rouuuuund we goooo (yep) [Trick Trick] Yessir Uh; can we get a moment to reflect on the music that we distributin and tryin to eject? Yep, your sounds ain't goin down (so) Blame it on downloads but it's the same old sound Everybody is a killer, man go and tell the truth! Most of y'all ain't killers 'til your ass in the booth Take a look in the mirror and be honest with yo'self You got a guap on records off another nigga's wealth Truth hurt, don't it? You think you ain't special enough? With some people to listen to you so you makin it tough At a show you too hard to throw your Goddamn hands up While I'm at it, man pull yo' Goddamn pants up! In real life in the joint if you sad You belong to a man and yo' ass is a fag (ooooh) I ain't mad at niggaz changin the game cause the world is lookin at us like we all the same, so [Royce Da 5'9"] My nigga I got you! I got you, don't worry about it Yeah, yeah Bitch please, get lost, I get big cheese Me and Trick be gettin green like split peas Pick a place, any place I done been through it, pick a state, any state And if you ain't geographically inclined you can get the globe and you can pick a shape, any shape Heh, where you from? I could care less I'm fearless, I'll show you so you will know it's real Cause once the K's get to tearin whole blocks up Like {*blam blam blam*} now you from Cloverfield I just look like this, I do it just to get the kitty cat I'm bringin niggaz that look pretty back And while I'm at it I'm bringin Detroit city back Holla when you land, I'll take you to where the titties at (Titties at) You lil' niggaz is lame Put the tobacco back in the blunt, you spittin the same We goin [Outro: Trick Trick] Go on mayne, hip-hop ain't dead homie... I like that dawg That's some real shit... Hehehe, you just thumpin the hell out that bass, ain't ya? {*laughter*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Trife Diesel f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: Better Late Than Never Song: Powerful Minds Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [Royce Da 5'9"] Yeah, let me take you on a ride with me late in the night And give you my thoughts, another day in the life And they all scattered out, so niggaz just bear with me Last night I had two bitches in bed with me I'm thinkin 'bout how no other nigga compare with me Cause I got a whole 'nother two bitches in here with me One of 'em got her head in my lap, dick in her throat The other one got a plate in the back sniffin some coke Think about it, niggaz don't realize we dyin every minute we breathin like livin's a disease they give you when you conceived I don't know if I'm pourin out my heart or my mind I just know that these words ain't a part of my grind I'm thinkin 'bout New Orleans, the recent events that got all my people sleepin in tents Lil' street niggaz leasin a Bent' Tryin to keep up with me, priests, freaks, preachers is pimps Petty larson, crooks Bush gettin less votes than Kelly Clarkson, ugh! The sign said it, we might as well let time set it Try to define prejudice is easy as tryin to find a online predator Eyes red as I drive feelin like I'm negative and positive while I'm at the Devil and God's wedding It's pornographic - with my good dick in a bad puss Contractin what they put in my casket [Chorus: Trife Diesel] Uhh, we on a race against time, follow the shine Trife Da God, Royce Da 5'9", we powerful minds All these major record companies is robbin us blind Stack your cake, get your ammo up and polish your nines, nigga And let it off if you have to Cause we quick to set it off for the Cash Rules From the blocks of D-Town back to the Apple It's natural, play with our CREAM, these boys'll clap you [Trife Diesel] Yo, aiyyo, I think I know why these haters is real sour Cause I came up, now my bread stack high as the Sears Tower In the studio I put in severe hours Blossom like a rare flower - cause I stuck to my roots Late nights noddin off while I'm up in the booth Losin my voice, sparrin with the beat, tryin to regroup I take a shot of the Goose, now I'm back in my boots Attack the mic and throw the track in a noose I gotta shine, in my +Prime+ like Optimus Brothers feedin me a crock of shit, but your boy won't stop a lick I'm tryin not to flip While they doin what they doin over there, over here, I does the opposite No type of radio play, no sponsorship But I'm a G so I'ma handle the consequence Incompetent niggaz, killin my vibe Not quite, cause the same hunger's still in my eyes Early to rise like a rooster callin Been successful every minute of my life so I ain't used to fallin I mighta fell once or twice, that's the roll of the dice Hittin hard like Karate Kid breakin boulders of ice Slang niggaz, we take 'em out, pass them over to Christ Got soldiers from Saratoga that'll show you the life I raise hell, Trife been dartin since age 12 And some people say I sound like the great Big L Metaphor's hella raw, get bread like Stella does Tell 'em all that the God crack skulls like Skeletor And I'm back better than before, veterans of war Here to, settle the score, peep my eloquent decor The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Usher f/ Royce Da 5'9" Album: U Don't Have to Call 12" Song: U Don't Have to Call (Royce 5'9" Remix) Typed by: eddie014@hotmail.com, Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typists [Intro - Usher] Yo.... after tonight Don't leave your girl 'round me True playa for real, ask my nigga Pharrell [Verse 1 - Royce Da 5'9"] Detroit Rock City ballin, Philly batters and Boston It don't matter where we at, we travelin often It don't matter what we pack, the gat'll be coughin' That'll be that, either that or your faculty's softin' Ladies stack that, ass phat when they walkin' Gallopin like horses, Jesus, I just wanna get in between ya Like, chilly when you thinkin of me But really you leavin Dallas, Austin, it's happenin often I really could read you, rather by payment to please To spoon feed, really who needs you The longer I get, the longer I please you Five Nine'll creep wit the people, keepin it diesel But who could forget you, I'm keepin it street While I'm shootin this missle, reachin and heat seekin this freaks Royce 5'9" is literally the head nigga that's breathin The reason that chivalry is dead, so please [Usher] Situations will arise, in our lives But you got to be smart about it Celebrations, with the guys, I sacrificed Cause I knew you could not sleep without it Meanwhile I, I, I, I, I... I loved you, you were my girl You see I, I, I, I, I... thought the world of you But your so steady still leavin baby [Chorus - Usher] You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight [Verse 2 - Usher] Aw girl your face is, sayin why Tears in eyes, should've been more smart about it Should've cherished me, listenin to friends, now it's the end And again no story can end without it Damn ri..i, i, i, ight... I loved U, you were my girl U see I, I, I, I, I... thought the world of you But you're so steady still leavin baby [Chorus - Usher] You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight [Bridge - Usher] Gonna boogie... tonight Cause I'm honestly too young of a guy To stay home, waitin for love So tonight, I'm gonna do what a single man does And that's party!!! [Chorus - Usher] w/ (ad-libs) You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight [Bridge - Usher] I'm alri-ight-ight Gonna boogie.. tonight Cause I'm honestly too young of a guy To stay home, waitin for love So tonight, I'm gonna do what a single man does... And that's party!!! [Chorus - Usher] w/ (ad-libs) You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight You don't have to call, it's okay girl Cause I'ma be alright tonight Artist: V-Stylez f/ Elzhi, Phat Kat, Rapper Big Pooh, Royce Da 5'9" Album: Clash of the Titans 12" Song: Clash of the Titans Typed by: newos_crib_is@hotmail.com [V-Stylez] MoSS, I'm.. the wrong type of cat, gritty nigga and I'm evil Out for the presents, sneaky dude, call me Spiegel Lord of the ring and when the bell go "ding" Jabs looking very sharp, punches hard and clean You never land, I'm too elusive for your amateur game Spit it well, you didn't know? You better check my name V-Style, get it right and I rep the D where everybody hood hard, yo I just emcee It don't matter if you big or tall or who the shortest Just show me where the challenge is at, call your florist Cause I'ma John Wayne on your ass, that's true grit Talk slick and I would damage your top, wig split D-X on muh'fuckers, silly dudes can +Suck It!+ Take my twins from my waste, blast my Kirby Pucketts Yo my brain propane, gas turn into flame Straight fire when ignited, break you down to the grain [Royce Da 5'9"] G shit, we sick, we spit, fuck you Pay me, fuck all that free shit, eat dick Crew shining like shit, we split, she strip We tip, blue diamonds got mammy all seasick Now take a brief sit, here's a handkerchief tip While I fall on the floor, 'nuff money for a cheap trip Huh, bitch, now who I'm finna leave with? Find a friend and come, who you wanna get on your knees with? My jewellery sick, I got a disease on my wrist My neck and the shit's making me freeze bit Breeze in with my Angela Jolie bitch She lick my underarms, you can call me B. Pitt Any problems nigga, we fix, my bitch will hit you, be like boiling water nigga, she slick That's a trip saying he slip Always on point like a Christmas tree tip Creep up and eat clips [Rapper Big Pooh] Aiyyo, I know you like how Rapper C is waiting Cause D niggas recognize thee nigga waiting Rapper remain patient, took jabs like a champ now Every verse out need the Rapper Pooh stamp I tramp on foes, face down for them hoes Pity the fool, any fool likely to oppose See right through them clothes and your real nigga pose Real niggas won't say a word, case closed Blessed with the pen game, take aim Maimed your career off of this strain, the disdain all on your face mayne, it's plain with no competition Me and you in the same breath, don't mention This is my position right now in the future Sewing up careers like some well-done sutures These are maneuvers, up the ladder I ascend Clash of the titans, nigga fuck a new trend [Elzhi] This nigga biting while I'm thinking, writing, to get the ink ignited So when he move it's like a streak of lightning Fuck where the crowns at, this brown cat could leave the town flat and beat you like the part of the speaker you pump the sound at I'm not stopping the slot topping, so when I plot dropping something hot, you copped it, it got popped in Vultures better duck, flows with lead is tucking Expose the feather ducking, blows your head to chunks Rip flyer before I dip, be quick, hip fire Slip by you a line that goes off like a trip wire I'm from the sickest city, your whole clique is kiddy If your chick is pretty, she'll suck a dick, I'll lick the titties Your type of rhyming got me bored but I'm a star The kind that you found where the comics are, knock you off your feet Fussing, I eat dozen, I move the streets, trusting in some sweet crushing petite Russians, skeet bussing Screaming like they bout to meet Justin Timberlake, I tremor quakes, hemmers shake I'm the one with the gems and cake Extra smokes and skinny dips like naked folks in swimming lakes [Phat Kat] Around the world my fans know me for the flows I bust The Polo I rock and hoes I crushed And the sound of my voice turn haters to dust But still making funky music is a must The newest star in Catacombs giving haters the flux I switched it, bounced it, upgrade to super-deluxe My whole crew is dangerous, ain't no taming us The fast get wound on point, the finger's blaming us Simply, oh, oh, it's the year of the emcee We're here to fill the void, the game been running on empty Had a long day nigga so please don't tempt me Cooked so much beef but my name ain't Wimpy Bout to snatch all your customs, your bag's too skimpy and my shit sound fresh when this the voice in this empty Tongue's so sharp, I chop you niggas down to mincemeat So fuck your money, jewels and cars, using it as camouflage Need to focus on planning the strength in your bars It's Phat Kat the living legend, still counting my funds because I never kissed no ass, I stuck to my guns While you're still coming up short, Kat holding the fort Dedicate this to my fans, thanks for all your support Yeah, this cold steel bitches, it's how we do it and it's real bitches Yeah, it's Ronnie Kat [V-Stylez] Yeah, it's your man V-Stylez Royce 5'9", Phat Kat and Elzhi The Rapper Big Pooh from Little Brother and MoSS on the beat bringing the heat It's Hip Hop, non-stop The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Yelawolf f/ Lil Jon, Slaughterhouse, T.I. Album: Hard White (Up in the Club) 12" Song: Hard White (Up in the Club) (Remix) Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com  [T.I.] Guess, who's, back, home? G shit certified, nigga can't touch him Bosses all love him, haters, well, fuck them Bought cribs everywhere, everythang custom Lunn{?} bun done, bougie bitches like "What's them?" Solitaire clear stones, Maybach clear dome Blowin on that loud pack, bankroll's full grown Well-known convict, go on with the dumb shit Thug Life wit it like it tatted on my stomach Nigga better pick another number because I am not the one The bigger picture's what's important before all is said and done I bet I get this shit back up under my feet, bullshit aside what I want I keep I'm the big bad wolf and I want my sheep, yo' birthday cake I want my piece I'm beefin with MC's at the meet, it seems they're less than decent I'm a beast and you're my feast, apologies you just can keep it Say you're winning, guess you're being condescending and facetious G's from sea to shinin sea, you may bump this in your Caprices Bow! [Yelawolf] Yeah Tip I once had a friend named Charlie and Charlie was always late to school (school) He had a black eye one day but he wouldn't say just what happened to him (to him) Charlie got mad in class one day and stood up with a .22 pistol Told everybody that he couldn't take it anymore, he was over bein the victim See, one bullet through the wall and the history class was interrupted Charlie fell down in a pool of blood in the class that made it public They said that the bullies in school they drove him to be a suicidal Cause the mirrors didn't reflect the criteria of an American idol Well, sometimes I feel like I could run through the hallways with an AK too Not sayin that I would but it might feel good to off me a rapper or two So, I loaded this pen with a hollow tip and I followed Tip to the hollow pits of my heart, the shit for you to role model with Take a fifth of Jack and swallow it, take a point shell and hollow it Don't be the one with the gun, be the one with the rum, plus two models with all the kids, listen up, Yelawolf don't give a fuck about a club I don't wanna see you in school tryin to do what I do tellin folks you gon' +Pop the Trunk+ Make somethin of somethin or somethin from nothin, baby wake up Play "Radioactive" let me see the reaction, see if I really give a fuck Shady~! [Chorus: Lil Jon + Yelawolf] UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB, DON'T GIVE A FUCK! UP IN THE CLUB - still don't give a fuck! [Crooked I] Uh, 9-millimeter, ride with a heater, drive with a liter, I'm finna need a mic and a speaker I'm finna be the prominent leader, confidence eater, tell competition "Hasta la vista" (ow!) Dawg, you puttin my name in the middle of sucker shit is somethin like you gettin raped by a stranger cause you do not know who you're fuckin with Crooked is a product of the S-L-A-,U-G-H-,T-E-R You "ha ha" funny, I had money when the DVD was a VCR Niggaz about to need CPR when they see the car, kill 'em, dead Might pull over, fuck my chauffeur, cause I screw-drivers, Phillips head Then I'ma tell her to take me to Yela, gettin fucked up I ain't feelin embarrassed The feelin in the air is the 2.0's party like niggaz and wiggaz in Paris [Royce Da 5'9"] Nickel-Nine a rider rhymin at the drama, the driver firin a llama Got a bunch of fly bitches sayin hi to me now cause a nigga said hi to Rihanna Cause I look good (cause I look good) and I smell good (smell good) IT'S A MAN'S WORLD! That's right, I'm the new James Brown drunk in an interview; fuck you finna do? (Nothin) What I'm finna do is go to the strip club and order eight bricks (what you on?) I'm on my T.I.P. in A-T-L lookin for a little pretty young thing I can escape with (Where we goin baby?) "Radioactive," Shady gon' make it go platinum, I couldn't resist to jump on that Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf, Lil Jon, "Hard White" remix! [Joell Ortiz] Uhh, Lil Jon let me get a little bit, I mean a minute, nothin crazy, it's just I'm a lyricist and I've been sittin with this ridiculous venomous bite and I'm sssso ready to strike, I swing and I miss! My dick swing and you miss, I got a missile, can't call it I might misdial I'm in orbit listenin to Em's last album guzzlin gin, +Recoverin+ alcoholic! Everything lookin alright, welcome to the lyricist's pub, who wanna bar fight? In a bar so hot that you're dealin with four dope muh'fuckers and, two hard whites! Deuces-period-crop circle, that's the +Family+ that +Matters+, I'm not Urkel but I'm smooth as Stefan when I move to snuff on your eyeball, your shit'll look dark purple! I'm a product of the PJ's, still walk through that motherfucker in my PJ's Yeah I'm in J.P. Morgan often but don't think I can get chased out the PJ's So try me punk, bet your body jump when the shotty pump, turn your body slump Yelawolf let me rip this "Hard White" but, please, don't, make, me, +Pop the Trunk+ [Joe Budden] Uhh, I - roll that window down and start dumpin, pull up on whatever blocks that y'all on Pills got a nigga walkin 'round doin stupid shit, my definition of an Oxy-moron They ain't never stop me from gettin a bad one, I would tell niggaz again but they heard the story Furthermore he got a couple I ain't bust but it's no need to rush, they reserved it for me See I'm all about fam, I don't fuck with the rest, goons that'll squeeze 'til a couple is left The squad's a faade, it's all smoke and mirrors yellin payback, too broke to cover the debt But I'm grown, adults, and weather that shit you say you don't reciprocate love and respect You get plugged, and you're gon' need doctors to cover your holes as if they dubbin over cassettes You probably didn't hear me, stand on the couch get froggy and breakin any bottle that's near me So real I don't need a hollow to prepare me, I'm the first one in the hood to catch a body usin Siri Cause they be thinkin that I seem crazy, money-motivated, cream make me way out your league, go and dream maybe, T.I., Team Shady 